 Chapter 5

Sharing Mom, Mrs. Wills and another

I slept till the house was quiet Saturday morning. Dalia and Tawny got home around midnight and roused me and they were up with Georgia around 9 and gone by 10. Around 11 I got up, pulled on running shorts and a tee and padded downstairs. As I passed through the living room, I could see my mother sitting at the kitchen table, drinking a cup of joe. She glanced over and spied me. Knowing, it was a risk, I went right to her and kissed her on the lips, a long, lingering closed-mouth kiss. Her hand caressed my face and my cock stirred. 

I stood up, gazing down at her. Her breasts heaved under her robe. I stared at the large hickey on the side of her neck and wondered if my sisters, my other two sisters had noticed it. She stared up at me for a moment before asking, "Are you hungry?" 

What a question? But something about her manner cautioned me. She was sober, not ebullient; preoccupied, not passionate. "Starved. What have we got?" I said, opting for the most mundane response though my cock was stirring. 

Mom set down her coffee and got up. "I'll fix you something. Sit down." It was a command and I obeyed, unwilling to challenge that right she still possessed. I realized at that moment, that this command was what we were going to ask our mother's to trade us, in exchange for becoming our sex goddesses. Interesting challenge. 

Mom fixed eggs, bacon, toast and orange juice. I ate heartily, trying to ignore my mother's scrutiny. I sat back, half sated. I met her eyes but said nothing. 

"We need to talk." Mom said softly. 

I felt the urge to ask about second thoughts, my first fear. Instead I just nodded. My mother's first words elated me.

"We must be smart about this." She said. 

I nodded and despite my initial caution, my cock hardened. I wanted her again. The need welled up inside me like a geyser, swelling and pressuring me. I resisted the urge to dominate her and take her on the table, a reoccurring theme with me, it seemed. 

"I want to tell you to leave Georgia alone." She grimaced. "I have tried that with her though, and you can see that has gotten me nowhere. She was so insistent last night and I thought you would not be home till midnight or so."

"What is going on with you two? I was totally surprised by . . . " 

Mother interrupted me with a raised hand. "I will tell you everything, eventually. Suffice to say that I have seduced all of my daughters."

I was floored, again. Mom fucked Tawny and Dalia, both? Too! My head filled with questions.

Mom looked at the table. "I want to tell you that we have to stop, to step back. But I can't. My god, Sonny, when you fucked me I came like I never remember coming. I woke early this morning and all I wanted to do was sneak into your room and suck your cock and mount you! And Georgia, she loved having you fuck her too. I could tell. After you left, she asked me if I thought you would do her again. I said you would, hoped you would. There is just no way I can imagine controlling this so the girls do not learn what is happening." My mother stared at the table. "So I think you should plan on moving out." 

I felt like I had been kicked in the chest. I felt rejected. It was worse than having her insist that we should not be doing it together and we had to quit. This suggested that she would do it with me but wanted to make it much more difficult. Worse, I could have her, but only on her terms. This was not going to work. I stared at the table where her finger was drawing invisible, nonsense pictures. My mind was numb but then the feeling returned which I had when Landon first talked about our MILFs; all or nothing. 

My mother reached across the table and laid a hand on mine. "I am sorry, honey! We cannot have a house with one cock and four pussies. You'll fuck them all. And we'll let you. God, it was so sexy having my two children naked with me in my bed. I loved watching you and Georgia last night. I was breathless and thrilled. Now I am breathless and scared. If you stay, you'll fuck Dalia and Tawny."

"Well you did. Why shouldn't I?" I could not restrain the bitter retort. I looked up to find my mother's sad eyes on me.

She nodded. "I know. I know. I have no right to lecture you but what happens if someone finds out? It might be fine with us but you know the rest of the world is not going to accept it. My worry is that I simply cannot resist you! I will not stop you. That is why I had sex with them but not you. I knew if you touched me I would be past caring about consequences." 

I pulled my hand away and stood up. I looked down on my mother. She stared up at me. "When are the girls coming back?" I said. 

My mother swallowed. "They will be gone all day. They plan to go to dinner and a movie after a day of shopping. I gave them money." The last sentence she whispered, her voice tapering off till the last word barely made a sound. It was an admission. She had me in the house to herself. She told me as much, insuring I knew the situation. She had cleaned the table before she sat down. My cock was hard. "So, I expect them sometime after 10 this evening." Mom whispered, her eyes full of guilt and anticipation.

I stood still, trying to think. I felt horrible but as a function of deep confusion struggling with passion, nothing else. I went to the sink and got a glass of water. I stood there, sorting through what raged in my mind. If I fucked her now, using her arrangement to my cock's advantage, she would establish her position as the one who decided when we fucked; how would follow and who would not be discussed again. That would never do. My cock wilted with that thought. I could not fuck her and maybe lose any chance of doing it all, everything we wanted. My cock positively shrank at that thought. Then it hit me, this was a MILF. I was about to bring her more cock than she ever had before, perhaps ever imagined though I had some reason to doubt that now. I turned back to her, finished the water and leaned on the sink. 

"Mom, stand up." I said. It was a test, to see if she would. She did. "I know you think you are doing what needs to be done. You have done that all your life, taking care of us. Take off the robe." 

My mother hesitated, then slowly pulled the sash loose and shrugged the robe from her shoulders. She wore only panties, her breasts were bare, tall and proud on her chest, her nipples were hard and erect. She waited.

"If you insist that I leave, this is your house and you can do that, I suppose, but if you do, know that I am going to fuck my sisters, all of them, whenever I please . . . IF and only IF they want me too. I will fuck you, if and only if you want me to fuck you. Do you want me to fuck you now?" My heart thundered in my head. Mother stared at me, her hands dangling at her sides. Then she wiped her palms on her thighs, then moved them up to her sides and thence to her breasts. She rubbed her breasts and her head bowed and her eyes closed. Mother groaned. She wanted that to be her answer. 

I took two steps to stand before her, aching to touch her but needing her to agree to what was needed, what I needed to turn her over to my friends for her unparalleled pleasure. I put a finger under her chin and lifted it, her eyes automatically came open as her chin rose. "I asked you a question." I murmured. 

Her lips formed a small O as she exhaled. I held her chin up and her gaze. "I want you to fuck me." She said softly. 

"Is that a command?" I asked. 

Mom tried to shake her head but the pressure on her chin held her still. She spoke, "No. I want you to. I hope you will. Please. I am pleading with you. Please, Sonny, fuck me."

I put my other hand on her breast, massaging it for a moment before pinching the nipple. Mother moaned and then grunted, her eyes lidded. I was so tempted. My cock screamed for pussy, for her pussy. I knew if I spent the day inside my mother, my MILF cause would be seriously compromised. But I had an idea. 

"Take off your panties and lie down on the table, face down." I almost chucked, the table again.

Mother moaned. My hands did not leave her. She finally forced herself away from them, slipped her panties off her hips and moved to the table. She lay down on it, reaching back to her hips and pulling them apart. My mother's pussy pursed behind her. Her asshole beckoned. 

I pulled my shorts down, shuffled forward and touched the head of my cock against her pussy lips. I hissed, the feeling crashed through me. I was about to fuck my mother again. I pushed till my cock head penetrated her body. Mother exhaled. She shivered, then grunted and tried to move her body further onto my cock. But she had little leverage and there was only the movement from bending her knees. I grasped her hips and held her still. 

"Say it." I said softly. "Say it, Mother." To encourage her, I pushed an inch deeper into her boiling cunt. 

Her hips shuddered. Her hands released them. Mom moved her arms onto the table and used them to press back at me but I resisted the motion, shifting away from her while keeping my cock head tucked inside her. 

"Say it, mother. Say you want me to fuck you." 

She twisted on the table, trying to bend around to look at me but she was not Georgia. Such flexibility was no longer practical for her. She gave up and dropped flat on the table, panting with the effort. I could see her face, her cheek flat on the table. She closed her eyes. "Fuck me, Sonny. I want you to fuck me. Please fuck me. I want your cock inside of me right now. Please make me come, Sonny. I want you to fuck me!" She was not acting, passion infused each phrase. 

I withdrew my cock till it was just kissing her pussy lips and then slammed forward, thrusting into her body. I stopped about half a cock deep, pulled back and pumped again. I repeated the motion, three times before her pussy slicked enough. On the fourth stroke I slammed completely into her body.

"Oh, sweet Mary!" My mother moaned. "Oh god, fuck me!" 

Rooted in her pussy, I stopped all motion. I leaned over her, levering my cock tightly into her. "Mother, I want you to get up and call Mrs. Wills. Invite her over, and seduce her. IF she is here when I return, I will fuck you. I will fuck her. I will watch you eat her." And I withdrew from her body. I pulled my shorts up and stepped back. 

Mother turned and looked back at me, her face a mask of confusion, lust and frustration. "Where are you going? When will you be back?"

I ignored her. "Mrs. Wills, mother. Seduce her. Get her naked, like you had Georgia. Eat her pussy, like you ate Georgia. Keep her here till I return and we will fuck you together, the two of us." I as sure she thought she knew which two I referred to, but she didn't. 

For a moment, she stared at me then fell back onto the table. I went quickly to my room and dressed. When I walked through the living room towards the front door, I saw she was on the phone. I smiled, elated. 

Sitting in my car I called Brent. "Brent, we need to talk, are you home?" He was and I drove over to his house. Adrenaline pumped through me. I was still buzzing when I rang the doorbell. Mrs. Rossini opened the door. She wore a short tennis dress and tank top with an apron over it. 

"Hi, Sonny!" She grinned at me. "Brent is in his room. I am making cookies, will you have lunch with us?"

I looked Mrs. Rossini right in the tits and smiled. "Sure, Mrs. Rossini." I stepped past her, though she did not move back to allow room. I did not shrink from the contact, brushing my elbow across her breasts as I passed. I am going to fuck you, I thought. I trotted back to Brent's room and banged through the door, flopping on his bed. He was at the computer, I could see he was doing homework. 

"Hey Sonny, what's up?"

"I am here to fuck your mother." I panted. My cock was deflating but still active. 

Brent swung around, his jaw set, his eyes were tense and dark. "What?" He snapped.

"I am going to go into the kitchen and fuck your mother, in a minute, when I catch my breath." I repeated. I do not know what I expected but I did not expect him to start giggling. Brent was always so serious, a giggle from him was about as congruous as seeing an elephant doing a tap dance. He would smile once in a blue moon but never, ever giggled. He giggled now. 

"You did it? You really did it?" He nearly shouted. "Really? You would not shit a shitter, would you?"

I could not help but grin. "You have no idea, Brent, what my life has become!" 

He stifled himself and leaned over the back of the computer chair. "You really fucked your own mother? REALLY!" 

I nodded. 

Brent slapped his thigh and whooped. "Then we are a go! MILF list here we come!" 

I patted the air. "Be cool. Chill out. We have things to discuss. When I come back, I will have your mom's cunt juice on my cock." I sat up on the bed. 

Brent sobered. "What? With me here? I don't know if that is such a good idea." 

I smirked. "Just as I thought, when it comes time to confront it, you are chicken."

"No, I just think she, she would . . . " He trailed off. Brent was the smartest of us all. I am no slouch but he made me feel inferior most of the time. He was beginning to understand. He nodded, light was coming on. "For this to work, they are going to have to be comfortable with, being us, with being . . . " Brent stuttered. 

"With us sharing them," I finished for him. "But I am the one they have fucked. I fear they are all thinking they were going to be fucking me, only me and I would only fuck them. I have to correct that, if they indeed think or hope that. I am going to have to be the one who changes that, adjusts them to take a cock in the pussy and one in the mouth at the same time. They need to learn to fuck with us watching, with other people observing them having orgasms on our cocks." I stopped to let that sink in. Then I smiled, "so I am going to need help. I only have one cock!" I grinned as I stood up. "Don't whack off while I am gone and do not leave your room till I get back. I'll explain everything." Maybe for the first time in my life I felt smarter than Brent because he stared at me, eyes wide and mouth open . . . and he had no objection, nearly no response. 

"Wait, I have to take a piss." He scrambled out the door. I waited, nervous but calmer than I imagined I would be when I was rooted in my mother's pussy planning this moment. In the last couple months I had fucked five different women, on tables which seemed to be a theme with me but also in bedrooms and as I thought about it, I even got Mrs. Clark in a clothing store. I had changed. All this sexual success had changed me and for the better. While I was excited about the idea of fucking Mrs. Rossini, I was not worried about it. If she shot me down . . . well, I did not need to think about that. She would not do that. I would not let her. This was a step towards something much bigger. I was thinking of my mother on the phone with Mrs. Wills, would she go through with it? I already knew she munched pussy and liked it. But would she put the moves on her best friend? The friend she watched me fuck silly last week? If Mrs. Rossini fucked me, I halted the thought. She would fuck me, I thought. I grinned. I knew she would fuck me. I just knew it. 

Brent broke my reverie with his return. I could see he had wood. "Show me your cock." I said. Brent looked like I had told him I was gay. 

"What the fuck?" I said. 

I shrugged. "If you are going to fuck my mother, I would like to see the meat you are going to use. If we are going to make these MILFs air tight, we are going to see each other's equipment. We need to get accustomed to it or we'll be nervous and if we are nervous, they'll probably crack up." 

Brent, ever the rationalist, matched my shrug and took out his semi-hard cock. It was longer than mine by a cock head, I thought but about the same size otherwise, and curved where mine was rifle straight. He zipped up. "Well? Are you going to, to, you know?"

"Fuck her? Fuck your mother?" I said. I nodded. "Damn straight. You have to stay here. Get on SKYPE with someone and talk loud so if she checks she knows you are preoccupied." I stopped and looked him dead in the eye. "You better learn to say it." 

He nodded and I stepped out of the room. I heard the wavering sound of a SKYPE connection and then a voice speaking German. Brent answered in German. I felt inferior again. English was tough enough for me and Brent could discuss biology in German. Fuck me! 

I moved quietly up the hall to the living room. I could smell baking cookies. I also heard Mrs. Rossini talking and for a moment I thought she had company and I was out of luck. But then she crossed into my sight and hung up the phone, sitting it back in the wireless cradle to charge it before disappearing around the corner back into the kitchen. She did not notice me. Then silence. I kicked off my shoes and padded silently across the living room, down the two steps of the sunken part and up to the dining area of the wrap-around living area. I peeked around the corner just as the buzzer on the oven went off. Mrs. Rossini pulled out a steaming sheet of chocolate chip cookies and set them on the stovetop and replaced them with a new sheet. She reset the timer, 10 minutes. Then she picked up a bowl and took it to the sink and began rinsing it off for the dishwasher. Her tanned legs were beautiful beneath the white tennis skirt. Her dark brown hair contrasted with the white outfit. I hoped she was not heading out for tennis, if she was, I had just ten minutes. 

I moved quickly, walking silently across the kitchen. The blower over the stove masked my approach. I put my hands on her waist. 

Mrs. Rossini jumped. "Oh!" 

"Hold still, Mrs. Rossini." I whispered. "Don't make a sound." Then I gently kissed her neck. My cock had hardened just crossing the kitchen, so now when I pulled her hips back against me, my hard cock greeted her. 

"Oh, Sonny. What are you doing?" 

I kissed the bridge of her neck. "What do you think I am doing?" I pushed my cock at her ass. She had not responded, yet so I did not know where I stood. 

"Whatever it is, you should stop! Brent is . . . Brent is . . .?"

I kept kissing her neck, moving up to her ear, breathing gently into her ear before licking around it lightly. "Yes? What about Brent?" I did not want to change the subject. She had to fuck me with him down the hall. I was starting phase two, sharing. 

"A . . . Brent, he is here. In his room. Did you see him?" Mrs. Rossini was panting a little now, bending her head away from my tongue. 

So I kissed down her neck again. I lifted a hand to the strap of the white tank top and pulled it and the tight bra strap towards her shoulder, pulling up on the bra strap, making her breast move. My other hand wrapped around her waist, clutching her back against my body, against my hard, throbbing cock. Her hands grasped that arm but did not strain to move it, feeling more like she was holding it in place. 

Mrs. Rossini was almost as tall as I was and in heels, taller. I kissed the spot where the straps had been on her shoulder and ran the tip of my tongue all the way back to her ear. "Brent is talking to some German guy. He said he would be a while." I whispered. I kissed the lobe of her ear, still not much reaction. Leaving the straps straining on the point of her shoulder, I pulled loose the bow tie of her yellow checkered apron. I moved both hands down to her bare legs and rubbed up her legs under her skirt. 

"Oh, oh you have to stop! God, you are giving me the chills!" Hardly a ringing rejection! 

I stroked her legs a few more times, pressing her body against the sink, making sure she could feel my hard cock. She was bending over the sink just like I wanted, pressing her ass against me, hands braced awkwardly on the back and side edges of the sink. I returned the pressure. When she was bent nearly 45 degrees, I abruptly moved my hands from her legs to her tummy and then after stroking it for a moment, cupped her breasts, under the apron, over the tank top and sports bra beneath it. Mrs. Rossini straightened immediately which released the pressure at her ass. I kissed the side of her neck again and began to inhale deeply, several times, being sure to blow on her neck or down the front of the tank top when I exhaled. I held her by her tits. 
