 I'm from an Eastern European country. First of all, excuse for my English.

I work as a computer technician in a foreign company in Detroit where I settled down two years ago. Last year I was married with a beautiful American woman. This is her second and my first marriage. She told me she was divorced as a result of some family problems but she did not tell anything about them. She has a mother with two beautiful, single and younger sisters. They also live in our town. Time to time they come to visit us. The youngest sister-in-law is a cheerleader of a local basketball team. She is 19 years old, but very hot. The second one is 23 years old and is more beautiful than my wife. And almost every month she changes her boy friends. My wife is 26. She does not work anymore after our marriage. We are very happy. She really knows how to satisfy a man. I love her. I adore her. I'm 29 a little bit over weight. 

Last month one afternoon the chief of my section sent me to fix a computer in our branch office. I finished it very quickly. I decided to go home instead of the office. The place where I fixed the computer was very close to my home. When I approached home I was astonished seeing some foreign cars in front of our house. The car of my sister-in-law was there too. The smallest has not a car yet. I left my car on the street and walked home. It was rather difficult for me to understand the others car. I did not know who they were. I was going to open the door with my key. But I heard some strange noises and music. I went to an open window of a living room. The blinds were also slightly opened. 

I looked inside. I was shocked what I saw. Four tall guys were sitting on the carpet, but completely naked. My youngest cheerleader sister-in-law was stripping in front of the guys with the music. I did not believe in my eyes. My wife was not around. I thought she went for shopping and then her sister invited the players from her team. The guys were drinking my beer. She had just taken off her shirt and bra. Before I have never noticed that she had wonderful and fresh breasts. Probably they were 36DD. I told myself how I was blind. Anyway, the guys, including one black, were playing with their dicks while she was stripping. She slowly pushed down her mini skirt imitating a professional stripper. She stayed with a pink thong. She approached to a guy and asked him to take it off. When he did it she was completely naked. She showed her fresh pussy to him and touched his nose. He held her small ass with his big hands and licked for a while. With the second action he pushed her head down to suck his dick. She understood what he meant. She started to lick and suck of his about 8 inches dick some minutes. And then, he pulled her body completely down on the carpet and went over her fresh body. She was almost disappeared under his huge body. I could not see his dick. But, one minute later when he started to pump I realized that it was already in. While he was fucking her high speed the other guys were playing with their dicks. He unloaded his come less than five minutes. She was disappointed. 

Then the other three guys fucked her in different positions one by one. The second guy sucked her breasts and rubbed his dick between the tits as well. Then on the sofa he let her fuck her dick face-to-face sitting on the lap while he was sucking her tits. The third player stood her up and put her wet pussy on his dick while her knees were on his chest and her arms around his neck. She was riding a horse on the carousel. The black guy fucked her doggy style. She was a dwarf in a monsterland. But I'm sure she enjoyed with the other fucking after the first disappointment. When the all guys fucked her she collected her dress and run upstairs. I noticed that I was also jerking off. The guys were teasing each other. 

Five minutes later there was another soft music. I saw the second sister-in-law was coming down with a costume as a whore. First she started to show her long legs under very short black mini skirt with a long slit. She was teasing the guys with her mini skirt and it's slit. She made a big surprise without taking off the skirt, she pulled down her white panties and dropped it the floor. I think she wanted to show her long legs that were the best part of her body and not to repeat her sister's strip tease starting from her red shirt. Because her tits are smaller than her younger sister, so she preferred leg show. When she played with her skirt up or down the guys noticed that she had a shaved pussy. 

I was playing with my dick, again. But I was tired standing up. I rushed to garage and picked up a ladder and sat on and continue to play with my dick. During this period she had already taken off her T-shirt and bra. She was completely naked. One day by chance I had seen her medium size breasts in our bathroom. She had asked me to touch them. But I had no courage to do that as a married man. But I believe her legs are the best part of her attractive body. The black guy asked her to come closer. She approached him and then he put his one and then two fingers to her pussy. He went on to lick and eat her pussy. He helped her to lie down on the carpet and pushed his monster to her mouth. She was almost chocking. Then he put his dick to her pussy and fucked her in the missionary position. Then the three guys fucked her one by one. I think she was very happy. I was afraid some other people passing in front of the house would hear her sexy noises during fucking. And her younger sister was watching them on the steps. When they finished fucking her she also went upstairs to change. 

I was surprised why they did not put on their jeans and shirts. The guys asked more beer. Before serving my beer to the four gigantic naked guys, she told them to keep quite. She had a special announcement. She said the biggest show of the earth would be on the stage, soon. But she warned them: 

"No touching, no fucking. Just watching, because, the new stripper was a married woman. My sister and I convinced her to strip for the first and last time. Again! No touching, no fucking. Just watching. Don't forget, she is a respected married lady."

Then she put on a CD of Mendelssohn's wedding march. She dimmed the lights. I saw my wife was coming with the white wedding-dress like during our wedding day. I did not believe in my eyes. I wanted to step down from the ladder and go inside to stop her. But my body was paralyzed. She acted like a bride in the honeymoon room. I thought I was dreaming. But it was not dream. It was a nightmare. She slowly took off her long white gloves one by one and threw to the guys. She pushed away of her white shoes. She asked help from a guy to unbutton her dress like we did in our first night. She used the same gown during the first wedding as well. He quickly opened them. 

I noticed the guys had hard on for the third time. Unbelievable, I had too. She dropped the wedding dress on the floor. She had only white bikini on her body and a net-lace veil on her face. She danced a little bit in front of each guy. She decided to dance on the laps of the guys. She reacted if anyone wanted to touch her body. But she was rubbing her white thong covered pussy and ass on their naked dicks. When she finished the lap dances she turned back to the black guy to open her bra. He stood up. While he was opening the bra at the beginning he was rubbing his huge dick to her ass, later pushing it to her ass hole. I think he was testing her how far he can go. She did not object the half push up bra. He did not sit down. He was in alert for the next help!

She went on to dance. Then she approached another guy who has the biggest dick among the four players. She asked him to pull down her panties. He wanted to pull down very quickly. She did not allow him to do that, quickly. She wanted to tease them. She went to another guy to help her. He started to pull down her panties, but she faked him like in the basketball game and run to the fourth guy to finish it. He happily did it. She was completely naked except her veil. She continued to dance with the veil. All guys were excited with this mysterious stripper. Her sisters were watching her on the steps, too. She took off her veil and…….

Everybody was fascinated with the show. I think the guys were ready to applause her. But she made a big mistake. She wanted to run away to upstairs before their thankful reactions. They had no intention to do something. But she provoked the guys with her sudden escape. The guy with the biggest dick was sitting on the carpet close to her way stretched out and caught her leg. The black guy run after her and held from waist and turned her face to him. He looked at her eyes and then kissed her. She was pushing and punching him and trying to get rid of him. The white guy holding her leg with one hand played with her pussy with the other big hand. His two fingers were already in. They were raping my wife. The sisters wanted to help her. I wanted to jump into the house from the window to rescue my wife from those barbarians. But she gave up to resist. She answered the kiss of the black guy. I thought she was acting and any moment she could run away. No, I was wrong. 

The white guy was eating her pussy and she was kissing the black guy. The white one said something to the black guy and then they let her sit backward on the white guy's dick. I noticed from her face that the biggest dick was hurting her pussy. He penetrated inch by inch. It took at least five minutes to fill her pussy completely. He told her something then she started to sit down and up. At the same time the black guy let my wife lick and suck his dick. I was shocked. That moment something happened unbelievable. While I was holding the edge of window with my both hands in order to enter the house, my dick was squirting by itself. First the black guy came and then the biggest dick. She was almost unable to breathe. One of the sisters asked her she needs any help. She signaled with her head that she was OK. They left their positions. She had some cum of the black guy on her silky face and some leaking over her legs from the other guy's semen. I thought it was over.

Now, I was wrong again. The third guy took his turn. He started to lick and suck her tits. She was kissing his shoulder. Two minutes later the fourth and the shortest guy came from the bathroom. He has something in his hands. I did not understand what it was. First, he rubbed that stuff to his dick and then her ass hole while the other guy was fingering her pussy and sucking her hanging 34C tits with big nipples. The taller guy sat on the sofa and let her suck his dick. The shortest guy approached her from back and rubbed his dick to her small ass and slowly entered her virgin hole. I had never fucked her ass. They pumped their dicks to her mouth and ass. But the mouth fucker gave up and entered her pussy at the same time with the other dick in her ass. They fucked her at least twenty minutes. I was not able to see their faces. But I'm sure they were very much enjoying. 

The strange thing her sisters were also excited and they were blowing the other guys and fingering themselves, too. I had the strongest hard on in my life but no cum. I felt a very heavy pain in my dick and balls. It was terribly hurting. The first time in my life I had unloaded three times within the 90-100 minutes. I couldn't it for the fourth time. They finished one by one. Five naked persons, including my wife, and half dressed sisters were resting on the carpet. The carpet, sofa, armchairs were mass. 


Ten minutes later they recovered. While the guys were putting on their jeans, my wife went to bathroom to take a quick shower. Just before the four guys were leaving she showed up with a towel around her body. They kissed and thanked her and the sisters. When they were kissing her, she was playing with their bulges. It took several minutes kissing with the sisters, too. I think they decided to repeat this show time to time. 

Now I do not know what to do! 

Divorce her.

Or learn the date of next show and watch them without telling any thing, like I did. But next time I may not be lucky for the open window and blind. 

Just tell her what I saw and stay at home during the GB and take part in the action. Because the ladder is uncomfortable! 

I did not decide yet. 

I have another fear the cheerleader sister would bring the other players too. 

I left the window before the guys and returned home half an hour later. The three sisters were not able to walk. I asked the reason. They said they did very heavy exercises for the coming tennis tournament! I asked, when! The answer was, soon.