 Mandy Ch. 02: Movies

Joe had not forgotten a single moment of his previous Saturday night. He was still uncertain of whether or not it had really happened, though. Everything seemed so surreal and amazing that he wasn't quite sure what to think. His only hard evidence that anything had conspired was the strange note that simple said "See you next Saturday." Never before had he been utterly controlled as he had been with Mandy. His anticipation was very high going into the weekend. All week he couldn't think straight at work because he was simply imagining what could possibly conspire on Saturday.

He decided to head out early to the park, because he didn't want to risk the possibility of missing her. Keeping the exercise to a minimum in order to conserve his energy, Joe paced restlessly around the park. Seven O'clock rolled around, the same time she had bumped into him just a week earlier. His heart raced as his eyes darted from one side of the park to the other. There was no sign of the petite brunette anywhere. Finally, at 8:30, and with a heavy heart crushed from the stand-up, Joe drove away towards the movie theater. He knew he shouldn't have gotten his hopes up as high as he did, because there was no guarantee she would show up.

The next starting movie by the time Joe got to the theater wasn't until 10:15. Having nothing better to do than sulk, he decided to go ahead and purchase the ticket and just wait out the hour and fifteen minutes in the theater. Maybe he could calm himself down in that time in order to enjoy the movie. The custodial crew was nice enough to let him into the theater before the previous movie had completely emptied out, so he could sit wherever he chose. The back corner would suit him just fine in the oversized theater made for much larger films. His choice was an erotic thriller that had been out for a while now and most likely wouldn't draw a crowd. After the final person had emptied the theater, the custodial crew entered to begin cleaning up. For some reason or another the lights hadn't brightened to their normal luster after the flick, but Joe hadn't taken much notice. He was too busy feeling stupid for hoping what he had. Only two custodians had come in to clean up the previous crowd's mess, since there hadn't been a large showing apparently. Both immediately went to the tops of the aisles to begin sweeping. When the janitor nearest Joe arrived at his row, she asked him kindly to lift his feet so she could sweep underneath. Without even looking up, he did as he was told. Without warning the janitor grabbed at his shirt and ripped the buttons off, revealing his chest. Before he could even get out a word of astonishment or anger, he caught a glimpse of her face. It was Mandy.

Joe suddenly felt a warm tingle rush throughout his entire being. Things suddenly seemed to make sense. This was HER game, with HER rules, and he wasn't going to helping make those rules. Joe was simply along for the ride. And what a ride this was panning out to be. As the second woman hurriedly moved in his direction, Joe heard the theater doors lock and felt Mandy briskly straddle him. Her mouth dove for his chest and began kissing and licking every inch of him. When the second woman approached their position, Mandy stopped and turned to her. Joe was sure he would never cease to be amazed by her as they leaned in for a passionate kiss that lasted for quite a while. At this point there was no trying to hide his boner while it perched within his pants. "Oh, looks like someone wants some attention!" Mandy uttered, stroking a finger across the fabric. Apparently because they were short on time before the movie began, both women wasted not a second in removing almost all clothing. Even his own pants were suddenly at his ankles, somewhat impairing any movement on his part. As the two women muttered things which he couldn’t' quite distinguish, he heard the name "Lacy" and took that to be the second woman's name. The entire encounter seemed to have been quite well orchestrated on their part, because there was almost no hesitation from one thing to the next.

Mandy had left nothing on herself but her hot pink thong underwear and matching lacy brassiere. She had instructed Lacy to wear something similar, and was quite surprised that Lacy wound up in an almost identical set of undergarments. This was unfolding even better than she had hoped, and she could see the absolute lust in Joe's eyes when he saw them undressing in tandem. She was beginning to feel quite needy herself, noticing a bit of wetness seeping from her slit to her panties.

Lacy was at first a bit hesitant to join in the plan that Amanda had put before her. She had fantasized of a girl and a guy at the same time before, and now was her chance. After a little persuasion (namely a nice, long session of making out in the car) Amanda had her convinced. The thought of finally getting to go as far as she wanted with the woman she had been dreaming of for a while was actually enough to make her do it. Her only qualms were with a man whom she didn't know. See, Lacy had been bi for quite some time, but always leaned towards other women more. They knew just how to turn her on when she needed it most.

Being a pert blonde with legs that most women would die for, Lacy hadn't had any trouble getting anyone she really wanted into bed. All except Amanda, who had always seemed a bit more reserved. Something must have happened to her during the previous week or so that suddenly turned her into a wild, sexually active young woman, and Lacy loved it. The idea only made her want Amanda more. Just the thought of her naked was enough to drive Lacy insane.

When Mandy took off everything but her undies, Lacy immediately felt her fluids flowing within her, and a shot of adrenaline coursed through her veins. And then the sight of Joe's erection through his boxers almost drove her over the edge. She hadn't had a good romp in over 2 months, and the anticipation was killing her. Animal instincts took over as she pounced over to Mandy and dropped to her knees. All she could think of was pleasuring the vixen before her, gnawing lightly at her panties as her hands caressed up her thighs towards her ass.

Joe was loving every second of what he was privileged to be viewing before him. Two beautiful women; one on her knees lapping at the other's cunt.

Mandy was a bit taken aback by the quickness of Lacy's action, but before she could pull her away was lost in the moment. She had been eaten out before, but there was something about Lacy's method that was beyond the pleasure she had ever received in the past. Not having time to think and pinpoint what it was, she simply threw her head back, leaned against the row of chairs to her back, and enjoyed.

Joe took this opportunity to free his member from it's burdensome coverings, dropping all of his clothes to the floor as his eyes remained glued on the show directly in front of him. He could see that Mandy hadn't exactly planned this event, but was being pleasured too well to stop it. When Lacy began to stand in order to more efficiently pull off her partner's pink panties, Joe grabbed her own and slid them quickly to the ground. The low light didn't allow for perfect vision, but it was enough to glisten off of the very wet lips which hung slightly down from her shaven pussy.

Lacy almost didn't even notice that her panties had been removed until she had Amanda's completely off. Her mouth had not once left the triangle that it was fiercely buried in. She felt a pair of hands grip her hips and begin to slightly pull her backwards. With this she in turn grabbed the luscious ass of the woman in front of her and they symbiotically slid slowly towards Joe. She knew then what his intention was and she tried to relax as he positioned himself at her slick entrance. Like a soprano who had just been goosed, she sang out a beautiful note as he entered her.

Mandy hadn't realized just how sexually frustrated Lacy had been when she had talked with her earlier. As soon as she belted out that note it was all too obvious. Now she had the opportunity to pleasure not just one person, but two, and loved the thrill of being in charge. She ordered Joe to scoot to the edge of his seat, and slid herself, on her back, into position underneath Lacy. In no time at all Lacy was again feverishly devouring her cunt, while Mandy went to work on Joe's scrotum. The liquidy pressing sound made by Lacy grinding Joe's cock only made the situation even more erotic, and she could smell both of their scents very strongly invading her nostrils. The aroma of sex and Lacy's velvety tongue lashing at her clit became so overwhelming that she felt almost faint as the blood rushed from her head to her vagina, pulsing in orgasmic delight. She, inspired by Lacy's performance just moments ago, also uttered a loud cry of delight, breathing hot air upon her companion's lovemaking.

Lacy was very proud that she had made Amanda climax, but it wasn't enough. This opportunity might not come again, and so she wanted to make the most of it. It was her turn to order someone around before Amanda could recover from her episode. She hopped off of Joe and pulled him down to his back on the ground. He seemed a bit surprised at the sudden change, but he obviously knew who was in charge, not resisting in the least. Lacy then kneeled low over his face and told him to eat her out. Next, she offered for Mandy to ride his dick. This way they could kiss and hold each other while being pleasured by this man whom she considered as just a device for their willing.

Joe felt as if he was being absolutely used, but loved every second. His face was now covered sloppily in the wetness of the lovely blonde; and while he couldn't see it, he felt every bit of skin that touched between himself and Mandy as she lowered herself gently on top of him. 

She must have still been sensitive, Joe knew, and so he thrust himself up into her, making her squeal with surprise and delight. She began to gather speed, and he could hear both girls uttering small moans as they apparently made out above him. Had he not been concentrating on giving pleasure to Lacy, Joe probably couldn't have lasted as long as he had thus far. There was just enough distraction for him to hold himself back, though it was becoming more and more difficult as Mandy bounced vigorously on his dick.

Lacy had a small trick up her sleeve of which the other two participants were unaware. She got up off of Joe, allowing him and Amanda to make eye contact and close the gap between them. They hugged closely together as their pelvises worked in unison, dancing below them. Lacy paused for just a moment to glory in the beauty of the situation, with the sweat glistening upon Amanda's back. She then reached to where she had earlier stashed her surprise, pulling it from a small baggy underneath the seat nearby. While they were undressing earlier she had slipped it there without anyone knowing the better. The other two seemed completely content with their current position also, which gave her plenty of time to pull on the 5 1/2 inch strap-on dildo, one of her personal favorite toys. It made her feel powerful and in control of her mates in bed. She lubed it up with some of her own juices and spit, then moved quietly behind Amanda.

Amanda wasn't quite sure where Lacy had gotten off to, but she almost didn't care, because in this position the tip of Joe's cock was pressing right against one of her favorite spots. Suddenly she felt one of Lacy's fingers slip easily into her unsuspecting ass. Had she not previously experimented with this sort of thing it might have freaked her out. Instead, she quite enjoyed it, and rocked her hips in a slightly different motion in order to feel as much as she could from both sides. The finger then pulled out and a larger object was placed at the entrance of her ass. Not sure what it was, she tensed up a bit, only to hear Lacy's soft voice say "relax, you'll love it." She then let her muscles relax and felt the dildo slide ever so slowly within her. The double penetration was amazing, and the slight twinge of pain that initially accompanied it was very soon gone as she was rocking violently against the two cocks.

The nub on Lacy's end of the strap-on was rubbing quickly against her clitoris while Amanda rode it hard and as fast as she could. Lacy knew that Mandy had tried anal before, but had no idea just how much she apparently liked it. This made her feel even more attracted to her, and she felt herself fast approaching a powerful climax.

It took Joe a second to figure out what the new pressure he was feeling inside Mandy was. When it dawned on him that she had a dildo up her ass at the same time, his erotic senses were blown away and he couldn't hold himself any longer. Through his heaving breaths he gasped "I'm…going…to cum"

Fearing pregnancy, Amanda pulled herself off of Joe when she heard his proclamation, but held Lacy tightly in her rear. She actually shoved backwards as hard as she could manage, her legs already somewhat weak. Managing to move Lacy back a step or two, she got her mouth around Joe's dick just as he was hitting his climax. He obviously liked it, because he gripped the back of her head and held on tight as his warm cum filled her mouth and throat. As she swallowed his load shot after shot, she heard and felt Lacy quiver and shout behind her.

Lacy hadn't had a good sexual encounter for a while, much less a good orgasm. Now, with her strap-on buried to the hilt in Amanda's ass and the nub pressed very hard against her own clit, she exploded with delight, making every muscle within her shake and shiver. This would be one to put down in the diary later. Amanda then got up off of the dildo slowly and turned to kiss Lacy. The lustful look in her eyes was incredible and seductive. As they deeply kissed, she could taste the sweet and salty leftovers of Joe's cum. "Can I try?" Amanda asked with puppy-dog eyes that could melt anyone. Lacy didn't hesitate one second in undoing the strap-on and handing it to her.

Amanda had never used this sort of toy before, but it looked very intriguing and apparently worked pretty well, judging by what she had just witnessed in Lacy. As she slid it on, she noticed only then that there was a nub on her side which would give her pleasure as the dildo moved. She then got a devilish idea of something she had always thought so taboo that it was wonderfully sinful. "Joe, on your hands and knees!" she commanded. The look he gave back to her was one of fear and questioning. She held her stern, seductive look and repeated the commanded more forcefully." This time he obeyed, though hesitating slightly.

Suddenly Lacy knew what was conspiring and almost uttered an audible gasp. This was something she hadn't seen done yet, but was quite curious about it herself. She knew that most men were too intimidated by the thought. Apparently Mandy had more control over this one than she had previously thought. She grabbed the jar of Vaseline from her small bag and handed it to Amanda, who didn't seem surprised that she had it. "Take it slow, now." She offered, slightly hesitant herself.

Joe was now more nervous than he could ever remember being in his entire life. He took comfort in the fact that Mandy could get off on anal, and so many other people. He just wasn't sure what to expect. Then the Vaseline covered finger slid up and down on his hole. It was slightly cold, and a bit different, but he really didn't mind. As soon as the finger penetrated him, a rush of warmth wove through him. Not quite sure what to make of it, he just tried to relax and feel. Then a second finger was in. Surprised at himself, he actually felt like this was quite erotic. The simple idea of being penetrated and stretched was enough to make his mind run circles and be pleasured. To show he approved, he very slowly pushed himself back against the fingers.

Amanda was ecstatic when Joe began moving backwards into her. That was her cue, and the moved the already lubed dildo to his hole while still finger-fucking it. Then, as she slid the fingers all the way out, she pressed the tip of the cock slowly inward, watching the skin of his ass stretch to accommodate it.

Joe was blown away by the pleasure he felt as he was stretched further by the dildo. He hadn't been sure just how big it even was until he now felt its girth widening his hole. He looked through his legs to see that he was already again as hard as a rock from the new sensations, and he could see Mandy's legs knelt behind him. Deeper and deeper he focused his mind to relax the muscles so that he could take all that was available to him.

Lacy was wide-eyed in amazement at the progress with which this man was taking her strap-on. She was once again turned on immensely by the show, recovering very quickly from her orgasm. "Get under him." Amanda directed, nodding her head towards Joe. Lacy got very excited at the idea and got down onto her back on the floor. She was careful not to upset Joe's balance on his hands as she squirmed between him and the floor. His face was very intent on what he was experiencing it seemed, creating a very heated, passionate look on his face. Lacy now wanted a piece of this action very badly. She slid her legs straight out between the legs of both her companions, guiding Joe's rock-hard shaft into her. Because her legs were closed, she seemed even more tight than usual, which was pleasurable both to her and Joe as well. His eyebrows raised high as he entered her.

The slow-moving train that the three created had every one of them soon moaning in delight, gathering a bit more speed. Amanda was impressed that Joe had almost the entire dildo buried inside of him, and even more impressed that he was now bucking fairly quickly on the strap-on as well as Lacy beneath him. She pressed her boob against her body with one hand while holding one of his hips with the other. As the nub of the toy rubbed her, she was feeling quite satisfied.

Lacy let Joe collapse his body on top of hers, first sucking her nipples pretty rough and then making out with her ear. She knew her second orgasm was fast approaching.

Joe's newly refreshed sex drive was due to the dildo in his ass and the gorgeous woman below him, fucking both faster and harder. There was no point in trying to hold out his feelings, building up pressure to blow extremely fast. He moaned as he managed to say "Here it comes" into Lacy's ear.

Too lost in the moment to even think straight any longer, Lacy only bucked harder against the shaft which plunged into her. She closed her eyes and felt everything around her fade out as the blood drained from her fingers and toes, leaving them tingling.

All three reached climax one right after another, beginning with Amanda. With her orgasm she thrust the last small bit of the dildo into Joe's ass, gripping his hips tight and holding it there. Because of this, Joe was pressed as far as he could manage within Lacy's sopping cunt and burst very strong. He could feel his ass tighten down on the dildo, and knew that this was going to be a powerful orgasm when his vision became blurry and his legs weak. "Oh shit!" he yelled as he came deep in Lacy, who's own muscles contracted down around him in her delight.

That's when the lights went up a bit and the doors were heard to unlock. All three froze like a deer in the headlights. "Shit!" Mandy exclaimed as they rushed to get some clothing on. It was quite difficult for all of them, though, with shaky legs and bad balance. All managed to get enough clothing so as to look presentable before anybody entered the theater. There they sat while the movie began. The theater was less than half full when it began, not being a popular title. Halfway through, Amanda said she was going to the bathroom. While she was gone, the fire alarm was set off, and the crowd began to hurry towards the emergency exits. Joe lost Lacy in the crowd, and outside the theater he could find no trace of either of the two women. So after waiting for a bit in case they showed up, he walked to his car. There on the windshield was a small note, folded neatly and tucked into his wipers.
