 Melissa's mother, an aging and weak woman suffering from rapid memory loss, needed to be moved to a new facility, one that specialized in caring for Alzheimer's patients. Mandy and Melissa worked together to complete this move, making the necessary phone calls, moving furniture and other belongings and seeing that her mother was cared for properly in transit. Melissa's mother stayed with Joe and Melissa for several days in between, and Mandy provided meals for everyone. These days were difficult for Melissa, because it was hard work and her mother was a hollow shell of the energetic woman who raised her. 

There was no discussion about sex whatsoever between the three of them for several weeks, but the subject did not disappear from their thoughts. Mandy ignored the subject completely, perfectly content to be supportive for her friends. Joe and Melissa discussed Mandy one night, after the move had been completed and a sense of normalcy had been restored.

"Has Mandy mentioned anything about continuing where you left off?" Joe prodded. 

"Not at all," Melissa responded.

"That's amazing."

"Why?"

"I don't know. It seems like you two had so much fun, you'd want to do it again."

Melissa shrugged. "I think she's being respectful, Joe."

"I guess. She doesn't seem to be playing any mind games."

"Nope. Mandy is a very good friend."

"Do you think you will...you, know...do it again?"

"Maybe. We'll see," Melissa smiled. "You'd like that, wouldn't you?"

Joe smiled. "If you enjoy it, you know I will."

Melissa laughed. "That was very diplomatic. In reality, you've been imagining Mandy and me together..."

"It is an intriguing image."

"Mmmm. I bet it is," Melissa teased.

- - - - -

Melissa remembered Mandy's line, uttered just prior to their sexual encounter. "You'll get a month of hot sex from this." Mandy had been right. She and Joe enjoyed a sex life more open, more erotic, than anything they had experienced before. Neither one really understood what was happening. In theory, they should have been able to generate this kind of sexual passion without Mandy. Their marriage was in deep trouble, however, pounded by years of hard work and poor relationship habits. At this point, they felt they had nothing to lose by exploring further. Dealing with Melissa's mother slowed things down, but it did not change their situation in any fundamental way. Plus, it showed that Mandy was, indeed, a trusted friend.

One day, Mandy and Melissa decided they would tour the local zoo. Mandy drove, and they began discussing things once again.

"Joe asked me if we are going to repeat our...you know," Melissa struggled for the next word.

"Sex romp?" Mandy completed for her.

Melissa laughed hard and loud. Leave it to Mandy to keep things simple. 

"Yeah," Melissa said. "Sex romp."

"Do you want to?"

"If you do," Melissa answered, partially embarrassed. 

"It was fun."

"Fun is an understatement."

"I would have to agree."

"Are you concerned about this? That this is something we might regret?"

"No, why? Should I be?"

"I don't know," Melissa responded, thinking hard. "You hear about people doing things like this. They get angry or jealous and bad things happen."

"I love you guys," Mandy replied. "I don't want bad things to happen."

"Me neither." 

Melissa and Mandy developed a plan to be together soon. This would give Melissa a good chance to test her husband in bed both before and after the encounter.

- - - - -

"Tomorrow night, is it?" Joe asked. "Tell me what you're going to do tomorrow night."

Melissa wore a red and black baby doll gown, with red stockings and garters. She pranced around the room, pretending to prepare for bed, as she explained the situation to Joe.

"Oh, why, I'll spread my legs and let her do as she pleases," Melissa said as she bent over and snapped the last garter in place. In fact, she had no idea what they might do tomorrow night, but she had learned how to properly tease her husband.

"Your legs are beautiful. So smooth, baby."

"Why thank you," Melissa responded.

"It turns me on that you're going to spread those legs - those gorgeous legs - for Mandy."

Melissa leaned back against the wall, spread her legs and lifted her frilly baby doll up to her belly. Joe caught a nice glimpse of his wife's slit, with the small tuft of pubic hair above. 

"Just like this," Melissa said as she looked down her body. "Then she can have me."

Joe went to his wife then, pinned her to the wall, and kissed her passionately. Hunger coursed through Joe's body; he was burning with a need to conquer his own wife and devour her. He led her to bed, laid her on her back and licked and bit his way around her body. Melissa squirmed.

"Oh Joe...god, that tickles..."

Joe sunk his teeth softly into his wife's inner thigh, just inches from her mound. Melissa giggled, something she was never prone to do. Joe didn't say a word, content to drive her crazy with firm bites to sensitive parts of her body. 

"Please fuck me, Joe," Melissa finally begged. "Please. I need it."

Joe obliged, sliding his manhood into his wife, grunting as her tight warmth enveloped him. He pumped back and forth in smooth, fluid motions, with thoughts pouring into his mind of his wife – his sexy wife – being with Mandy once again. These images spurred Joe on and his love-making became rough without him being aware. His wife grabbed a pillow and cried loudly with each inward thrust. By the time Joe was spent, Melissa was sweaty, exhausted and satisfied.

- - - - -

The next day, Melissa went about her chores nervously, trying hard not to build unnecessary anticipation for her upcoming evening with Mandy. On the one hand, she felt slutty, because she was a married woman enjoying extra-marital sex with her husband's knowledge. On the other hand, she was scared, hoping that she would be a worthy lover for both Joe and Mandy. The entire situation was strange, and she found herself shaking her head and laughing at random moments through the day.

That night, Mandy put on some soft music, lit several candles and sat down on the far end of her sofa. Melissa laid across the sofa, with her head in Mandy's lap. Mandy petted Melissa face and hair, just as she might do with her cat. 

"You look nervous, sweetie," Mandy began. "Is there anything I can do?"

"This is perfect. I love the music."

Mandy waited patiently for her friend to relax. Melissa had a tough month. Mandy was aware that she might not have the will to go through with anything sexual this evening. 

"We could play Scrabble and you could make up stuff to tell your husband," Mandy suggested.

"Yeah, we could," Melissa said. "But, I remember so clearly. Being with you. It was good."

"I remember." 

"I'm ready," Melissa whispered, smiling up at Mandy.

"Are you sure?" Mandy smiled back, cocking her head slightly to peer into Melissa's eyes. "Would you like a kiss?"

Melissa sighed. "Oh yeah..."

Mandy leaned down and kissed her gingerly, holding her lips motionless against Melissa's for a good long time before she pulled back.

"I have a request," Mandy whispered.

"Anything," Melissa answered.

"Would you pull up your dress and let me watch you?" Mandy asked. "I have been, well, fantasizing about this..."

Melissa took a deep breath. Mandy's touch comforted her to where she felt she could do anything without fear. Though she had never masturbated in front of anyone before, she would do so for Mandy now.

Melissa lifted her dress and slid her panties down to the level of her knees. Otherwise, she kept the rest of her clothing intact: argyle stockings, dark brown low heel shoes, light-brown dress and a choker she added as an after-thought. She knew the choker would intrigue Joe and, perhaps, please Mandy. 

Melissa reached between her legs and massaged her thighs before she nestled into a position where she could properly open herself. Mandy watched Melissa's fingers rub slowly up and down her slit, in no hurry to penetrate any deeper. Melissa was open but shy, taking her time before moving to the next level. Mandy watched patiently, petting Melissa's face to remind her she was there. 

Melissa closed her eyes, opened herself and laid her middle finger across her most sensitive spot. She let out a slow, deep breath, closed her eyes and lost herself in the experience. Her technique was to pull back her labia with two fingers, partly expose her clit, and rub across the smooth surface with another finger. 

"You're beautiful, Melissa," Mandy whispered. 

Melissa heard Mandy's words and responded only with a soft, feminine moan. Her finger danced carefully in small, nearly imperceptible movements. Mandy waited and watched; her friend was so tranquil and relaxed, so innocent as she lay in her lap, that she would have been content to hold Melissa all night. Eventually, Mandy detected a change, a subtle tightening of Melissa's body, as she apparently approached orgasm. 

"That's my beautiful girl..." Mandy spoke gently as she petted Melissa's face. 

Melissa whimpered softly. Her leg muscles tightened and her thighs closed together.

"That's my girl..."

Melissa's mouth opened wide and her face became a mask of intense concentration. She exhaled, her legs trembled and Mandy knew. She calmly massaged Melissa through her orgasm. Before her climax had subsided, Melissa opened her eyes and looked up to Mandy. Mandy replied with a big smile. 

Mandy and Melissa cuddled, kissed, talked, laughed and made love for the next several hours.

- - - - -

The next night, Joe took Melissa to a nice restaurant – not one of their own – and selected a private booth in a dark corner. Normally, the two never ate out, because they were tired of the restaurant scene, but tonight they made an exception. Joe knew that Mandy and Melissa had spent the prior evening together, of course, but had yet to hear any details. Joe had been aroused all day, knowing that an exciting evening was approaching.

"Mandy lit some candles and had me rest in her lap," Melissa began.

"You sat in her lap?" Joe asked, trying to draw the proper mental image.

"No, I laid down with my head in her lap. She sort of stroked my hair to help me relax."

"You weren't relaxed?"

"I was kind of nervous."

Then the waiter came to take their order. Joe ordered a cheeseburger and fries and Melissa ordered a chef's salad. The waiter rolled his eyes, as if every couple that came in ordered pretty much the same thing. He spun on his heel and left.

"Then what happened?" Joe asked anxiously. He was glued to Melissa's every word.

"She wanted to watch me, you know?" Melissa tried to find the right words but couldn't.

"Watch you? Wow."

"Yeah," she chuckled. "I know."

"Did you?"

"Of course."

"How?"

Melissa peered around the restaurant to see if anyone was near. "I pulled up my dress, lowered my panties and fondled myself."

"Your pussy?"

"Yes."

"Wow. Oh, wow." Joe smiled. 

"I know."

"Did you cum?"

"Men. Always interested in the final score."

Joe laughed, then took a drink. Obvious to Melissa was the fact that Joe was shuffling uncomfortably in his seat. He wanted to hear more, but perhaps his level of arousal and the anticipation of their dinner demanded a somewhat slower approach.

"Are you okay, baby?" Melissa asked with genuine concern.

"I'm horny as hell," Joe whispered. "I can't wait to get you back home."

"Oooh, my big strong man will conquer his slutty little girl."

Joe couldn't believe his ears. After two decades feeling trapped in a sexually frustrated marriage in which they had been run down by the demands of their business, they somehow found themselves wild and insatiable.

"Oh yes," Joe replied. "You just wait."

Their food arrived and they began to eat. Few words were spoken, but many flirtatious glances passed between them. Neither Joe nor Melissa could eat much. They were too anxious to get home.

- - - - -

Back home, Joe wasted little time. He sat on their bed, placed his wife face down across his lap and asked her to continue describing the evening that she and Mandy had shared. His hands explored the round curves of her ass beneath her purple skirt.

"I kept touching myself while she watched. It took me a long time to get into it, but Mandy said I was beautiful."

Joe spanked Melissa, not to cause pain but to add a new element to their sex play, one that would allow him to show a slightly darker side.

"What was that for?" Melissa asked, with mock fear in her voice.

"For being so naughty."

"I was very, very naughty."

"Tell me everything."

"After I came, she sat me down, spread my legs and licked everything."

"Were you wet?"

"Yeah. I was dripping down my thighs."

Joe spanked her again. Melissa winced playfully.

"I came again as she licked me. It felt so good, Joe. I just couldn't hold back."

Joe spanked her again. Melissa enjoyed how powerful and insistent her husband had become. It was a strange and wonderful change.

"Tell me more." This phrase seemed to become Joe's mantra, uttered when he was not yet satisfied, when he wanted to be pressed just a bit further. Melissa came to understand both her husband's curiosity and his desire for this kind of teasing. It kept him directly involved.

"Then we did a sixty-nine kind of thing."

"You were on top."

"Yes."

Joe motioned for Melissa to change positions; now, he wanted her on his lap, legs wrapped around him and her body impaled upon his manhood. Melissa continued to describe her encounter with Mandy as Joe cupped her breasts and pushed deeper inside. They writhed on the bed, building, teasing, until Joe could not hold back any longer. He felt his orgasm surge forth as Melissa described how Mandy tasted when she came, how her juices oozed through her tight opening onto Melissa's tongue. This kind of orgasm was nearly overwhelming for Joe. This was a feeling he would want to experience again.

- - - - -

Mandy and Melissa decided the next day to hold off on more sex until the excitement of the past encounter wore down. Joe was not involved in this decision, but he was secretly glad. The experience was so intense it ran the risk of drowning out the rest of his life. A person could easily become addicted to this kind of thing, he knew.

In addition, it provided him an opportunity to reconnect with Melissa. They were having sex of all kinds more frequently. Both Joe and Melissa seemed to be more open, more willing to try new things and experiment with kinky acts that had been off limits for the first twenty years of their marriage. 

"Joe has been great," Melissa told Mandy one day as they walked through a remote, forested section of a nearby park. "This has jump-started our sex life in a big way."

"I told you!" Mandy said, waving a finger in Melissa's face.

"Yes, you did. You most certainly did."

"Let me know if you want to do it again sometime."

"I was wondering something, but I'm not sure quite how to ask you this."

Mandy's ears perked up. "I love it when you say that. It means you're going to ask something really good."

Melissa shook her head. "I'm not sure you'll think this is so cool. I don't want to wreck our friendship or anything."

"Nothing you ask could wreck my friendship with you, Melissa."

"Well," Melissa said deliberately, trying to find the right words. "Would you ever be willing to...include...Joe...in what we do?"

"Oh my god! I'm never going to be your friend anymore!"

"Oh no...I didn't..."

"I'm kidding!"

"Oh..."

Melissa laughed, long and hard. Every single time she thought she would shock or surprise Mandy, she failed. Mandy was unflappable.

"I'm not sure," Mandy began. "That's something I've never done. Not even close."

"Do you have...a lot...of experience with this sort of thing?"

"What, sex with married women and couples?" Mandy laughed, thinking the idea was pretty funny.

"Yeah..."

"No. It's been an awfully long time since I've had sex with anyone, Melissa."

At first, Melissa thought she was being kidded and didn't want to appear gullible again, but from Mandy's tone she knew she was hearing the truth. Melissa had prejudged Mandy a little – she had assumed that Mandy had all kinds of experience with all kinds of sex.

"I didn't know...I'm sorry..."

"Don't be sorry, goofball," Mandy smiled. "You're my friend. You and Joe are good people. I'm willing to have fun and try new things and take chances when it feels right."

"I guess I'm honored," Melissa said humbly. "You're amazing, Mandy." 

"So, what about involving Joe, hmmm?"

"Oh, well, if you're uncomfortable with it, that's okay."

"Well, first, I'm not sure what you're talking about."

"What do you mean?"

"Do you mean a threeway? " Mandy counted the possibilities on her fingers. "Do you mean he just watches us? Or do I watch you two? Does Joe have sex with me, or do we both just have..."

"Okay, okay, I get your point. We need to discuss this more, probably."

"Discussion is half the fun, isn't it?"

"Yeah."

"Let's sit down and...discuss this," Mandy said in a half-serious tone of voice. "Let's discuss the possibility that you might watch me pull your man's cock into my mouth..."

"Mandy!"

"Well..."

"That's awful!"

Mandy laughed hard, then turned and gave her friend a tight hug. "Let's keep talking."

- - - - -

Every day, Melissa and Mandy got together for some reason and every day they added just a little more to this discussion. Most of their time together was not spent talking about their next erotic adventure, but both looked forward to the few moments they had where they could talk freely. On one particular day, they went to an outlet shopping mall that was approximately forty miles east of town. It was a gorgeous day and the sun was shining. They bought sandwiches and drinks in the food court and brought them outside, creating a small impromptu picnic on the grass. 

"When we first started this, I didn't know that it was a twenty-four-seven kind of thing," Melissa explained. "You and I have been together only twice, but it has led to so much more excitement."

"Oh good," Mandy beamed. "It's the anticipation, the talking, being able to be open and express yourself..."

"Yes!" Melissa replied. "You're right. Joe and I are more open now."

"You were so sad when I first met you. You looked like you had given up. Now, look, you're trying to set up a three-way with me and your husband."

"Isn't that bad?" Melissa asked, more than a little embarrassed. "I'm such a slut now."

"Just enjoy it for now, sweetie. When do you want to do this?"

"I don't want to rush it. Maybe in a week or so. I love the build-up." Melissa laid back on the grass then and looked up at the clouds. "I'll be so nervous when it actually happens."

"Oh, you mean when I strip down and your husband gets to see me naked?"

"Oh, that's right! He's going to want you bad."

"You're sweet."

"No, you have a great body. He loves your legs. Those shorts you wore the day you moved in, wow."

"Really?"

"Oh yeah. He was watching you."

"You're making me horny, Melissa."

"Oh darn."

"So, let's continue shopping. There are a few stores we haven't hit yet."

They resumed their shopping expedition and did not mention sex again. Not on that day, at least.

- - - - -

Joe came home from his day at the restaurant and greeted Melissa with a kiss. He paid more attention to his wife these days; Melissa was a woman who – suddenly - held an almost mystical sexual power over him that he loved. On any given day, he was unsure whether his wife and Mandy would have another sexual encounter, but he knew that waiting was part of the game.

"Do you and Mandy have anything planned?" Joe inquired one day, perhaps a little too eagerly.
