 I got up Saturday morning and got ready. I headed out to the shopping centre where I caught up with my best friend. Her names was Mandy and we had known each other for a fare few years. I was pretty open with Mandy and usually filled her in with details of my sexual adventures, which I knew turned her on.

I was telling Mandy about last weekends gangbang and all the details when she asked what it's like to be with multiple guys. I told Mandy it was the most unbelievable feeling being shared and ravished by multiple guys. She said that had always been a fantasy of hers, but didn't know what to do. 

Mandy and I spent about an hour discussing her thoughts further before she asked if I could help set something up. I told her I would make a few calls and see what I could do and hopefully have something organised for next weekend. During the week I made a few calls and before I knew it I had a few friends willing to help. I set a few rules and boundaries and explained to the guys this will be Mandy's first time being gangbanged. I rang Mandy and told her that I had organised a get together Saturday night at my apartment, and I had organised a few friends who I knew would look after her. She was very excited and also very nervous. 

On Saturday afternoon Mandy arrived at my apartment. She was dressed in a tight pair of jeans and a white shirt buttoned at the front. She was dressed semi casual but still very hot. I spent a few hours before the guys arrived chatting with Mandy. I assured her she was going to have a good time and to just let it happen. I poured Mandy a drink to calm her nerves and help her relax.

A few hours had passed when we heard a knock at the door. I opened it and greeted the four guys and invited them inside. I had known these guys for a while from previous parties and knew they were a perfect choice for Mandy. We spent some time drinking and sitting around chatting. After a few drinks I could tell Mandy was starting to relax and I thought it was time to get her night started. I told the guys we would be right back as I took Mandy in to the bedroom and closed the door.

"Are you ready for the best night of your life?" I asked.

"I'm very nervous but yeah I think I'm ready."

I asked Mandy to remove her jeans. Underneath she was wearing frilly white g-string panties. She sat on the bed as I pulled a blindfold out of my side drawer.

"I have an idea to help you relax. Trust me, you'll love it."

I slid the blindfold over her eyes making sure she was blind to her surroundings. She laid back and tried to relax but I could tell she was still nervous.

The mood was set. I went out to the lounge and invited the guys to the bedroom. As they entered the room there was Mandy, blindfolded, nervous and waiting to have her fantasy fulfilled. They stood around the bed undressing then knelt down around her. They started softly touching, running their hands up her thighs. They unbuttoned her shirt revealing her matching white lacy bra. As they continued touching Mandy all over, I could hear her breathing becoming more intense. I sat back watching and was getting extremely turned on and I could feel myself getting wet.

After a few minutes the guys removed Mandy's shirt, bra and panties revealing her naked body. From where I was sitting I had the perfect view, and I could tell Mandy's pussy was so wet. Mandy reached up and slowly removed her blindfold. Her eyes opened and focused on the four guys around her. Something came over Mandy. Her shyness had been overcome by her sexual desires.

Mandy got on her knees. The guys gathered round her as she sucked and stroked each cock. Her hand found the wetness between her legs with her fingers now exploring inside her pussy. 

"Is this what you expected?" I asked Mandy.

"To be honest I didn't know what to expect. But I am enjoying myself so far." She replied between sucking.

After a few minutes one of the guys moved behind Mandy pushing her forward on all fours. From behind he slowly inserted his cock making Mandy gasp. Slowly he fucked her pussy while she was still being treated to a mouth full of cocks. The view was amazing and my pussy was so wet watching his hard cock slide in and out and his balls slapping her wet pussy. I went over to my bedside table and pulled out my vibrator. I relaxed back in the chair and slowly let my vibrator explore my wet pussy. I wanted to join in but this was Mandy's night and I wanted her to feel like she was the centre of attention fulfilling her fantasy.

"Wow this feels so good. I think I'm going to cum." Mandy moaned as she put her head down on the bed keeping her arse up in the air.

"Yes yes yes, oh god yes." She screamed as she came.

I watched Mandy's body as it shook with pleasure. Just watching her was bringing me so close to cumming, but I was controlling myself enjoying the amazing feeling running through my body. 

Mandy relaxed for a second before she rolled over on her back. She spread her legs ready and eager for a hard cock, and I could see her pussy was so wet from her cum. One of the guys climbed on top sliding his hard cock inside her pussy penetrating her nice and slow. I could see the juice of her pussy all over his cock as he slid it out. I wanted to taste her pussy so bad. My vibrator teased my pussy to the point I could not control myself from cumming. My body tensed as I came hard. I felt the wetness from my pussy all over my fingers. 

After I relaxed I looked at Mandy still being pounded. Two guys were stroking their cocks while Mandy sucked the other. The guy on top of Mandy got up. Another guy lay on the bed with his cock hard and erect. Mandy climbed on top sliding his cock inside her.

"Oh my god, you feel so good and hard." Mandy screamed as she bounced herself on his cock.

"I'm going to cum, oh my god harder, harder." Mandy screamed as her body tremored and shook as she came all over his cock.

"This is so hot, I want to see you sandwich her." I requested.

Mandy looked at me in shock as another guy got behind and pushed her forward. He pushed his cock slowly in, stretching her wet pussy. She closed her eyes as she let out a loud moan, as both cocks started working her pussy, working in rhythm, in and out over and over harder and harder. The guy from behind pulled his cock out ready for the next. Again two cocks pounded her pussy.

"Oh my god, I'm going to cum again. Yes yes." Mandy screamed as she came hard on both cocks pounding her pussy.

No sooner Mandy came, the last guy was ready for his turn. He moved behind her with his cock hard and ready. His cock was the largest of the four. He stretched her tight pussy sliding his cock slowly in deep. I could tell Mandy was enjoying every inch of their cocks. I was enjoying watching Mandy being used by multiple guys for the first time. She looked so hot. I took my vibrator and starting teasing my arse while my fingers continued to explore my wet pussy. 

The guys pulled their cocks out and laid Mandy on her stomach on the bed. 

"Do you like being fucked in the arse Mandy?" One of the guys asked.

"Oh god, please." She replied.

He moved behind and very slowly pushed his cock inside her taking it slow while lubricating her arse. 

"Holy shit, that feels so good." She screamed as she raised her head with pleasure.

While he slowly fucked her arse another guy laid down in front of her with his hard cock ready for Mandy to suck. She took his cock running her tongue around the head teasing him before taking him deep in her mouth sucking him hard. I looked over at the two guys stroking their cocks waiting for their turn. One looked over and was watching me toying with my arse. He moved over and started fucking my mouth and I could taste Mandy's cum all over his cock. It tasted so good. While sucking his cock he took hold of the vibrator and inserted it into my arse. Sliding it in and out it felt so good and I was ready to cum. I started fingering my pussy as the feeling in my body got so intense.

"Yeah yeah. Oh yes." I moaned as I felt my body shiver. I could feel my pussy cumming all over my fingers as I continued rubbing my pussy.

He took his cock out of my mouth and moved over to Mandy still sucking and with a cock in her arse. 

He lay on the bed as the guys got up ready to change positions. 

"How about you fuck all her holes guys." I suggested. 

I could see Mandy's pussy and arse was so wet and ready.

Mandy mounted the cock moving her hips up and down. One of the other guys moved behind and slid his hard cock inside Mandy's arse. She lay on the guy's chest lifeless but moaning to every thrust of their cocks. 

"I'm cumming again. Oh god." Mandy screamed out.

The guy fucking Mandy's arse gripped hold of her hips ramming his cock deep and faster.

"I'm cumming, god yeah." He moaned as he shot his cum in Mandy's arse.

"Oh my god, I can feel it. It feels so good." She screamed.

He slid his cock out and moved off the bed. The next guy moved behind sliding his cock in Mandy's arse. Back in rhythm both cocks continued fucking her. 

"I'm cumming I'm cumming. Gonna cum in your pussy." He moaned as Mandy rode his cock until he shot every last drop deep inside her.

Mandy rolled over sliding both cocks out of her then lay on her back. She looked so exhausted and hot as she lay collapsed with cum all over her pussy and arse.

The last two guys still eager to cum moved close to Mandy stroking their hard cocks. I knew it wasn't going to be long before they would be ready to explode all over her. Mandy grabbed her breasts squeezing and pinching her nipples.

"God I'm going to cum all over you." Said one of the guys as he positioned himself close to Mandy's mouth. 

"I want to watch you cum." Said Mandy as she got her mouth ready.

"Oh yeah, fuck yeah. Take it." He moaned as he shot his cum all over Mandy's face. 

With her mouth open and her tongue out, she caught as much cum as she could. I could see the drops of cum dripping from his cock into her mouth. She looked amazing with her face covered in cum.

"Now it's my turn to cum." The last guy said as he moved close.

"Fuck oh yea take it." He screamed as he stroked his cock shooting his cum all over Mandy. 

All the guys now where collapsed around Mandy on the Bed. She looked so exhausted and beautiful. Her tits and face were covered in cum. 

"So did you enjoy yourself Mandy?" I asked. 

"Oh my god yes. We need to do this again real soon." She replied.

"Well what are your plans next weekend? I have something organised."

Mandy looked at me with excitement. "I'm definitely in."

To be continued.