 Edited by todger65

It was Thursdays night, almost a week since Mandy fulfilled her fantasy. I gave her a call to see how her week had been and if she was still interested in joining in on some fun on the weekend. I told her if she liked last weekend, she will surely love this weekend. Mandy was very keen and I told her to trust me as I wanted it to be a surprise for her. I told Mandy I would pick her up around 7pm tomorrow night and to dress sexy.

The following afternoon I headed home from work a little early. I got in the shower lathering every part of my body and making sure my pussy was shaved nice and smooth. I got out of the shower and dried my naked body then slipped on my white tiny g-string with matching bra and a white short dress. I was feeling very sexy. I grabbed my keys and purse and headed out the door.

About twenty minutes later I arrived at Mandy's. I pulled up at the front where Mandy was waiting. She looked so hot. She was wearing a very short blue dress and I could only imagine what was on underneath. 

"Hi beautiful, you look very sexy." I said as she hopped in to the car.

"Thank you. So are you going to tell me where we are going?" She asked.

"Definitely not." I replied with a smile.

"So did you enjoy last weekend." I asked.

"I definitely did. That was amazing. I have been wet all week just thinking about it and you're right. It is such a turn on being a naught slut."

"Well you are going to love tonight Mandy."

After about ten minutes we arrived at our destination. It was a classy motel in the City that a friend had booked for the weekend. We parked the car and made our way in to the lobby, where Mandy and I were definitely getting looks from guys as we walked through. We found the elevator and made our way to the fourth floor.

"No turning back now Mandy."

"Definitely no turning back. I'm so wet just wondering what you have organised." She replied.

We found room 422 and knocked on the door. Chris, who I knew, opened the door.

"Hi Toni how are you?"

"I'm great. Good to see you again. This is a friend of mine, Mandy."

"Hi Mandy."

"Hi." She replied. 

We enter the room where there were around 15 or so guys' playing cards, drinking and chatting. Chris took us around introducing us before we headed to the kitchen area, where he prepared us a drink before we headed out and started getting to know the guys. 

We chatted with the guys for a while and I could see Mandy was starting to relax. A few of the guys asked us if we would like to play a few games of poker. Mandy and I agreed and headed over to the table and took a seat.

I looked at Mandy. "Do you know how to play poker?"

"Sort of." She replied.

As the cards were being shuffled Chris asked if there was room for one more.

"Sure mate." Replied the guy shuffling.

Chris sat down at the table and the cards were dealt out. We played our hands and before I knew it I had won thanks to Mandy. As I had never played poker, Mandy had helped me along the way. 

"Let's make it a little more interesting." Chris suggested.

"What have you got in mind?" I asked.

"How about good old strip poker?" He suggested.

I looked at Mandy. "I'm in if you are"

"Well I guess we are playing. Let's deal those cards." Mandy replied.

I still had no idea how to play properly and still relied on Mandy to get through. But that didn't help much. Before I knew it I had lost the first game.

I looked at Mandy and laughed. "Great help you are."

I stood up and removed my dress. Revealing my bra and panties, we now had every guy gathered around the table with their attention on the game. The next hand Mandy and I were lucky and got to keep our cloths on. The losing guy removed his shirt revealing his amazing chest.

"Can't wait to see the rest." Mandy said with excitement. 

The cards were dealt again and the guys stood around the table impatiently waiting. The next hand Mandy lost. She looked around as she stood up. She slid the dress off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Oh my god she looked so beautiful. Under her dress she was wearing a blue lacy g-string with a matching lacy bra. Looking around I could see that the guys couldn't take their eyes of our almost naked bodies. A few more hands were dealt and lucky enough Mandy and I escaped losing another piece of clothing. The four guys at the table were all down to there jocks and Mandy and I still in our underwear. The next hand was dealt. Mandy and I looked at each other as we both realised we each had a bad hand and were sure it was going to be one of us losing a piece of underwear. We laid our cards down and yes it was me. 

"Oh crap. Why couldn't it of been one of you guys giving Mandy and I some eye candy?" I said as I stood up.

"You chose Mandy, bra or panties?"

"Bra Toni. I love seeing your breasts." Mandy requested.

I removed my Bra and put it with my dress on the floor. Being almost naked and with the guys staring at our bodies was like foreplay, and was getting me so turned on and wet. Over the next few hands Mandy and I finally got our eye candy. Two of the guys were pretty shy and didn't want to play anymore hands. 

"I tell you what guys. Would you feel better if Mandy and I were naked?" I asked.

"I don't know about these two guys but we would all feel a lot better." Said one of the other guys as he laughed.

Mandy and I both stood up and stripped the remainder of our underwear off. At this point the guys were cheering us on. I took Mandy by the hand and led her to the king size bed, which was on the other side of the room, and laid her down.

"I knew I was going to get to taste you tonight." I said as I spread her legs.

"Ever since last weekend I have wanted you to lick my pussy." She replied.

We lay on the bed with my head between Mandy's legs tasting her smooth pussy. She tasted so good. I took a quick glance and could see all the guys were gathered around the bed watching us girls. I could tell they were enjoying the show.

A few minutes passed and I could feel Mandy's pussy was so wet. I slid two fingers inside her while my tongue continued teasing her clit. I wanted Mandy to orgasm for the guys to see and I wanted to taste her cum all over my lips. I slid my fingers inside faster and harder as my tongue continued to tease her.

"Oh my god Toni. Yes, yes, I'm cumming." She screamed as she ran her hands through my hair pressing my head into her pussy.

Her back arched as she tensed, and I could taste her cum all over my lips from her wet pussy. She tasted so good. I raised my head and looked up at Mandy, as she looked at me with a smile. I could tell she was enjoying herself and was ready for more.

As I looked around all the guys had stripped all their cloths off and were touching and stroking their cocks watching. Mandy slid herself up to the head of the bed and leaned back propped up against the pillows. Guys gathered round her as she started sucking their hard cocks. Their hands grabbed her breasts and started fingering her pussy. They were touching her everywhere. 

Still lying on my stomach I felt my legs being spread apart then a cock spreading my pussy. Slowly in and out working my pussy I was getting so wet. Another guy moved in front and lay on his back positioning his erect cock ready for me to suck. I took his cock deep in my mouth sucking every inch. His cock was so big I could feel it hitting the back of my throat. Every few minutes a new cock fucked my pussy as the guys took turns sharing me.

After a while it felt like every cock had been through my pussy, but I wanted more. I got up off the bed and moved over to the couch. There were three guys on the couch and I smiled at the guy in the middle as I mounted him. His cock was the biggest I had ever fucked. I took it slow taking inch by inch inside me. While he fucked me the two guys beside me on the couch grabbed my breasts while I stroked their cocks.

"Your cock feels so fucking good inside my pussy."

He put his hands around my neck pulling me forward kissing me, with his tongue exploring my mouth. With his huge cock inside me I felt another stretching my pussy open. I looked over at Mandy who now had guys surrounding her taking turns fucking her missionary as well as fucking her mouth.

"Oh god I'm cumming. Harder, harder." Mandy screamed.

I watched her close her eyes with her legs spread taking his cock deep and hard as his balls slapped against her wet pussy. With two cocks inside me and watching Mandy being fucked, I was ready to cum. I bucked my hips slamming against their cocks taking them deep. 

"yes, yes, yes. Fuck me." I screamed as I came all over their cocks.

I got up off the couch and lay on the floor. I spread my legs ready as I was joined by an older guy with a very thick and hard cock. I could feel the head of his cock slowly spread my pussy apart before he slid inside me. It didn't take long for him to get in to a rhythm. I wrapped my arms and legs around him and held on as he slammed his cock inside me. 

"You're so fucking hot; you're making me want to cum. Where do you want it?" He asked.

"Oh god, fill my pussy. I want to feel you cum inside me."

"Oh my god." I screamed as I felt his big cock shoot it's cum deep inside my pussy.

I lay catching my breath as he pumped the last of his cum inside me.

He hopped up and still catching my breath I lay still with my legs apart ready for whatever else they had in-store for me. I looked over and saw Mandy, now on the floor with a cock in her pussy, arse and mouth. She was taking advantage of every cock around her. 

"Fuck yeah, taste it baby." The guy moaned as his cock exploded shooting cum down her throat.

Mandy licked and sucked every last drop before she took on another in her mouth.

The next guy lay on top of me guiding his cock into my cum drenched pussy, thrusting me hard. I took on another two cocks, taking turns stroking and sucking them, as guys stood around waiting their turn to fuck Mandy and I. 

"Time to fill your arse. Are you ready?"

"Oh god yeah." Mandy screamed as the guy shot his cum.

"God I can feel your cock so deep." Mandy screamed.

With a cock still pounding my pussy I could feel the cock in my mouth getting hard and ready to explode. I started rubbing his balls as he fucked my mouth. He grabbed his cock and started stroking his cock.

"Open that mouth baby. Fuck yeah."

His cock exploded shooting so much cum in my mouth. It tasted so good.

"Time to fill your pussy. Are you ready to take it?"

"Fill me with your cum. Harder." I replied.

All of a sudden I felt his cum shoot over and over inside my pussy. God it felt so good.

He pulled his cock out of my pussy and the guys around me rolled me onto my stomach. I lay with my head on the floor as I felt a cock enter my arse. As his cock slid deep., I could feel cum leaking from my pussy. Both my arse and pussy were so wet. 

Mandy was now on her back. The guys had her legs spread wide apart and were taking turns pounding her pussy.

"God yeah yeah take it." The guy moaned as he shot his cum inside Mandy's pussy. 

I watched Mandy close her eyes; it was so hot watching his face as he shot his cum inside her. He slid his cock out of Mandy and I could see his cum running out of her pussy before the next guy slid his cock inside her. 

For a good hour the guys took turns fucking our arse and pussy before Mandy and I both made our way to the bed. I could see Mandy was exhausted but still wanted more. She mounted a cock lying on the bed and started riding. From behind another cock stretched her open, sharing her pussy. I also mounted a cock and before I knew it I had a cock in my arse also. The guys took turns fucking us both. I was so ready to cum again as I could feel so many cocks taking turns working me hard.

"I'm cumming . Yes, yes oh god." I screamed as my body shook.

I collapsed catching my breath as both guys continued fucking me in both holes. My body tensed as I felt their cocks starting to get hard.

"Ready for my cum babe?"

"I'm ready to cum in her too."

"Oh my god both of you. I want to feel both of you cumming Inside me." I replied.

All of a sudden I felt both cock get harder as they were both about to explode at the same time. I had never felt two cocks cum inside me at the same time before. I felt my body tense.

"Oh fuck fuck. Oh my god. Yes, yes, yes." I screamed with pleasure.

I could feel both cocks shooting their cum deep inside me as I felt my body trembling over and over. The feeling was so amazing even though it felt like they were ripping me apart. The guys pulled their cocks out of me, as I rolled off onto my back on the bed and caught my breath.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, harder, I'm cumming." I heard Mandy scream as I looked over at her enjoying her orgasm.

"Oh my god that felt amazing." Mandy said as she caught her breath.

Mandy rolled on to the bed and lay beside me, exhausted. All the guys got in close gathering around us stroking their cocks. I couldn't help but touch Mandy as she lay beside me. I slid two fingers inside her feeling her cum filled pussy, while I squeezed my breasts with the other hand. 

"Time to cover you girls in cum. Let's give it to them guys."

Stroking their cocks they were ready to cum.

"I'm cumming I'm cumming."

I opened my mouth to catch as much cum as I could, and could taste it as I licked my lips. I turned and looked at Mandy who also shared his cum. The next few guys showered Mandy and I, covering our breasts and face with cum. 

"God yeah I'm cumming. Open that mouth." One of the guys said as he knelt over me.

He shot his cum filling my mouth with a few drops landing on my face. 

"I think she liked that. Now it's your turn Mandy."

I looked over at Mandy. Her mouth was open with her tongue out ready.

"Yeah, yeah, oh fuck yeah." 

He shot his cum all over her face and tongue. Mandy licked it off her lips swallowing as much cum as she could. The last of the guys around us looked ready to cum, and I could tell they weren't going to be kind to us. Not that we minded. 

As Mandy and I lay with our mouths open ready., I felt a hard cock slide inside my cum filled pussy. He started pounding and I could feel him getting hard ready to explode.

"Fuck I'm going to cum."

"Yeah fill her pussy."

"Oh god, oh god, yes, yes yes, I'm cumming." I screamed as he shot his cum deep inside me. 

I could feel his cock pulsating inside me sending shockwaves through my body. As he pulled his cock out of me. I felt another load of cum cover us both. I looked over at Mandy's beautiful body covered in cum. One of the guys started fucking her mouth. She lay with her mouth open as he slid his cock in and out. 

"Taste it baby, taste it." He said as he shot his hot cum in her mouth. 

Mandy sucked his cock as she swallowed every last drop.

Over the next few minutes the rest of the guys shot their cum all over our breasts and face. I could not believe how covered we were. I could feel my pussy was full of their cum and could feel it running out of me, and I was sure Mandy was full also.

We lay still for a minute before we both got up found our clothes and headed to the bathroom. We got in to the shower and washed each other down.

"So Mandy Tell me, did you enjoy being a naughty slut tonight?"

"Oh hell yeah. Being their centre of attention was amazing, and the more guys the better." She replied. 

Once we showered, we dried off and got dressed. We headed out to the party where we found Chris.

"You girls were amazing." Chris commented with a smile.

"Thank you for an amazing night." Mandy replied.

We headed to the door where Chris gave us both a hug and greeted us off.