 It was not the greatest porno movie Mort had ever bought, but it had some good moments. Right now the 'star', a big-breasted woman with a blowsy blonde hairdo was energetically masturbating a muscular African-American man's huge cock. It was at least fourteen inches long and incredibly thick. Jimbo laughed at the huge appendage, "Like a fucking baby with an apple in its mouth!" he chortled.

Jesse grinned and nodded. His attention was not on the man's monstrous cock, but on those lovely big tits bouncing around as the woman pumped that piston. 

"Oooh. Yes! Stroke it baby, you get me so hot." Crooned the big guy in the film, his head rolling from side to side. Mort groaned and turned to Jimbo. "Who writes the fucking script for these things?"

"Script!" Jimbo cackled. "Who needs a fucking script…whoa! Look at her go…"

Three pairs of eyes focused on the screen as the luscious blonde parted her pink-painted lips and slid the gigantic salami into her mouth. "Dinnertime!" Shouted Jimbo gleefully. The other two gasped in awe as a good two thirds of that huge black cock disappeared into the starlet's throat. A bulging ball bag jiggled at the base of the shaft as pink lips and pale cheeks worked enthusiastically, sucking on that ebony member with gusto.

"Oh fuck, she's gonna suck his balls out through the eye of his cock in a minute" Mort observed. His own cock had gotten rigid in the last few minutes as he imagined what it would feel like being sucked by Miss Electrolux, with the energy she was showing the black guy.

On the screen the camera panned back a bit showing the Blonde woman on her hands and knees with her ass in the air and her mouth still working further down the shaft. The black guy had both her ass cheeks in his hands and his large fingers were seeking her ass and her pussy, stretching her wide open for the audience to savor. Slowly the camera angled around until her exposed play-ground lay squarely in the shot, then it zoomed in on her pussy just as a dark, fat finger found her entrance. Her pussy filled the screen looking for all the world like a exotic pink flower, wet with sweet dew, the questing black finger burrowing into it like a fat brown worm seeking sustenance.

"Oh holy fuck what a swe-e-e-et cunt!" Mort groaned. He clenched his knees together as a thrilling tingle went through his rock-hard cock. He grabbed at his crotch through his track pants and clutched his cluster giving all his equipment a quick shake. Jimbo was groaning at the spectacle on the screen, his cock pushing painfully against his shorts.

"Ow, yeah baby! Oh, fuck…I wish I had my cock in that" Jesse licked his lips. He was sitting forward in his seat as if to get a better, closer look at the pulsing pussy being ravished before him. 

"Jeeze I could use a fuck right now." Mort grumbled. He was massaging his prick through the thin cloth of his pants as the sex on the screen unfolded before him. There was a murmur of agreement from the other two and both were shifting nervously in their chairs. Each man was thinking of how horny he felt at that moment. Jimbo even contemplated going for a piss so that he could maybe give his throbbing cock a bit of a rub while in the toilet, but he put the thought aside knowing his two friends would 'take the piss' out of him.

Now the girl had spread her legs apart until they almost formed the cross-piece of a letter 'T' with her body. Somehow the black dude had turned her around and now his face dropped towards her wide-open love-hole. A startlingly pink tongue snaked out from between dark lips. It was a huge prehensile thing that twisted and dipped as it reached for her sweet nectars.

"Fucking holy shit!" Jesse commented. "Makes Gene Simmons look like a fucking tongue-less eunuch!" 

Mort's eyes widened as that monstrous tongue disappeared into the girl's pussy and thick, dark lips began munching away at her. The black actor was drilling his finger into the starlet's ass as he munched and licked. With a flick the scene changed to the girl, cock deep inside her throat, hand working furiously at the guy's balls. Down went the angle of the lens and her tits bobbed right in their faces before the scene again changed to the guy munching contentedly at the 'Y'

"Oh fuck…" Morty's voice quivered and without further ado, he slipped his hand inside his track pants, rummaged a second or two then freed his throbbing cock. It burst from the black material like a huge pink submarine broaching and the other two gasped.

"Morty. What the fuck…" they spoke in unison. He gave them both a sloppy grin as he grabbed his throbbing cock and began stroking it slowly.

"What the fuck? I'll tell you what the fuck. I bet you guys are sitting there with diamond cutter hard-ons that are starting to hurt." He paused as if waiting for an answer but Jesse just stared at him with a slack-jaw expression, watching him doing a slow rumba with his swollen cock. Jimbo had switched his gaze to the TV screen, his expression one of disbelief.

"Well fuck it. You two have been wishing you could jerk off since this movie started. Me, I'm fucked if I am gonna suffer lover's nuts and cloth burns on the end of my knob. I want to fucking jerk off, so I'm jerking off."

With that speech off his chest he lay back in the chair and began pulling sensuously on his cock. His balls had sprung free from their black cloth prison and were now happily jiggling in time to his hand's rhythm.

"C'mon Jesse." Mort coaxed, "Just fucking let your hair down. Instead of sitting there, staring at me wanking, get your cock out and give it some sweet milking."

Jesse looked over to Jimbo who still studied the picture on the screen intently. Since Mort had shocked them all with his flagrant display of carnal lust the movie had changed scenes again. The blonde girl lay on her chest, her thick pink lips wide in a silent 'O' while her butt jutted up in the air supported by the big man's hands as he sunk his hard pole deeply into her cunt. It was all very overpowering and his cock had been screaming for release since he'd given up on the 'piss house' idea.

"Ah fuck it." Jimbo said, standing up and unbuckling his belt. "My slug is screaming out for Mrs Palmer and her daughters." He dropped his trousers and let his prong spring free. Jesse gasped as he watched it jutting up from a hairy nest and two eggs. Jimbo's knob was shiny with pre-cum and caught the reflections of the TV provocatively.

"Fuck. I dunno about this…" Jesse began. He watched as Jimbo grabbed his engorged slug and gave it a few experimental tugs. Obviously it felt good enough because he sighed deeply and fell back into the armchair where he stroked in a slow even beat.

"Don't be a fucking wowser." Morty growled. "Fucking join in. Let's have a group wank. What the fuck, are you trying to tell us you don't wank?"

"Well I…" Jesse couldn't remember when his cock had been harder than it was right now. He told himself that it was the sight of that milky pussy with a huge black cock drilling it, but deep inside his mind a little voice was saying, 'They are wanking. Pulling their puds right there in front of you…and you are being turned on by that.'

"Go on, Jesse." Jimbo gave little grunts as he stroked, his hand sliding up and down his shaft, wrapping itself over his knob on the upstroke. "It feels great."

Jesse unzipped his fly and dug his big blue-veiner out, letting it pop free to join the others. He wrapped his hand around it and gave it a couple of quick strokes, shifting his gaze guiltily from Mort to Jimbo until their obvious ecstasy allowed him to relax. 

Back on the TV the sexual coupling had reached frenzy and the picture flicked quickly between several scenes. Her ass filled with cock thrust in to the hilt. Her mouth sucking feverishly on another cock (a white dude this time and none of the three friends had seen how he came into the picture), a long pink tongue licking her ass and cunt. Tits jiggled. A big hard black cock gushed hot cum, splashing it into an open ass and trickling it down into a waiting pussy. Another pink cock fired its white, sticky load all over her lips and eyes while she licked at flying drops. Somehow her hands were squeezing more cum out of that second cock and a close-up showed cum oozing from the eye to be licked away with her flicking pink tongue.

Each of the three had shed their trousers completely and sat legs apart flogging their throbbing cocks without any reserve. Mort studied his two friends. Jimbo's cock wasn't the biggest slug he'd ever seen but it was one thick mother and his circumcised knob flushed deep purple under the pressure of Jimbo's hand as he gave it a merciless thrashing. 

Jesse was well hung, with a cock that was at least eight inches long and generous balls that bobbed as he tugged away, eyes closed in rapture. Mort studied his own adequate tool. He was uncut, and what was sometimes referred to as an 'aardvark', while the other two were 'German Helmets', circumcised cocks done in the Australian fashion. It reminded him of that joke where two little boys were examining each other's cocks and one asked the other what had happened to his foreskin. The other boy had replied that he'd been circumcised when he was about a week or so old. His friend asked him, 'Did it hurt?' and the lad had replied, 'Hurt! I couldn't fucking walk for nearly two years!'

Something was happening to Mort as he watched Jesse's balls bouncing around. He wanted to touch his mate, wanted to jerk his cock for him. 'Fuck,' he thought to himself. 'I must be fucking gay.' Not that being gay was a problem, but he'd always thought of himself as being straight as a builder's yard stick. He stood up and crossed over to Jesse's chair, his cock swinging free during that brief journey.

"You're not fucking doing it right." He chuckled as he bent over his seated friend and grabbed his hard stork. "Here, let me…" and he began to jerk his mate off in long even strokes.

"What the fuck!" Jesse gasped throwing his hands up and falling back in the chair. "You've got my cock, you cunt…"

Jimbo stopped tugging and laughed loudly. "Fucking hell, Mort. You never told us you were gay."

"I'm not gay." Mort said, smiling. "It's just I had a sudden urge."

"well what's it fucking like?" Jimbo enquired.

"Hmmm…Different. Find out for yourself." 

Jimbo rose from his chair and stood next to Mort, then grabbed his cock in one hand and his balls in the other, fondling both as if feeling for quality in a fruit store. "Oh fuck, that does feel different huh? I've never held another guys cock before." 

Jesse had gotten over his initial surprise and now watched as the two guys did the tugging; Mort on his cock and Jimbo on Mort's cock. "I don't fucking believe this." He muttered.

"What don't you believe." asked Mort as he milked his friend's root.

"That I am actually enjoying you fucking pulling my dick." Jesse replied reaching up to handle Jimbo's ball bag. "What's next? We going to swear off chicks or what?"

"Don't be fucking silly." Jimbo laughed. "When it comes to a fuck you can't beat a woman's warm pussy."

"Amen to that, brother." Mort agreed giving Jesse's dick a quick series of tugs that came close to making him cum.

"Oh shit. I'm going straight to hell." Jesse moaned as perspiration broke out on his brow. "Slow down fuck you, else I'm gonna blow my load right up your shirt front."

"Fuck that." Mort chuckled and used his free hand to unbutton his shirt, then shrugged out of it hardly missing a stroke. "It's the only clean bastard I have." He explained.

*****

Mandy Cummings looked in the rear view mirror of her electric-blue Ford Capri checking her makeup. The slipstream of air had messed with her coiffeur but she didn't mind that windswept look. It suited her light auburn hair to be tossed around a bit and, besides, it reminded her of last Sunday morning when she's left Jesse's bed after a hot night of unbelievable sex. Her hands paused briefly on her breasts during the act of brushing her blouse and she felt her nipples responding at the memory. Sunshine fell onto her long, tanned legs and her eyes inspected the hem of her skirt that was just long enough to decently cover her pussy. She favored those little dresses that hugged her buttocks but then flared out at the hips. She loved the way the wind would swirl her short skirt so that any male paying attention might get a quick peep show as it danced around her waist. Especially since she was in the habit of wearing only G-strings as underwear.

Finally satisfied that her war paint was perfect, she stepped from the sexy little car she so treasured. No breeze today, so her skirt remained prim and proper covering her little treasure chest just the way Mummy would have liked it to. Jesse's two friends were here. She saw the restored '73 Monaro sedan parked in the driveway (Morty's beloved V8) with Jimbo's Harley Davidson standing guard beside it. She smiled as she remembered the great Sunday ride Jimbo had taken her on. After an hour on that hog her pussy had been softened and wetted to the point where she could have fucked Quasimoto and enjoyed it. They had ended up under a big old gum tree, her spread out on an old saddle blanket while he pumped her full of taddies. She remembered how her pussy had squelched pleasantly on the ride back as the vibrations had shaken his cum from deep inside of her.

Passing the black bike, she made for the side door knowing that, as usual, it would not be locked. Her hand twisted the knob and she let herself in.

Blinking in the sudden gloom she followed the noise of the TV…a female was moaning and squealing while two males grunted and moaned, "Oh fuck! Oh yes baby. Oh, baby suck my cock."

Who writes the fucking scripts for these things? She thought to herself, shaking her head. 

The room was gloomy with only the flickering porno film supplying some light. On the screen a blonde bimbo had a huge black cock in one hand and a moderate sized white cock in the other and was alternately popping one or the other into her mouth. She was kneeling back on her buttocks with her legs wide apart to give the camera a great view of her gaping pussy. Her attention was drawn away from the screen by a slight moan from the armchair, and her eyes sought the source. She saw Jesse's face in the bad light. Pink hued light from the screen shone on his blissful features, his eyes were closed. Jimbo stood to one side of him while Morty was standing the other.

Mandy was about to speak when she noticed something as her eyes adjusted to the bad light. They were all naked. She stopped and peered into the gloom until the scene cleared. None of the boys had seen her and she saw why. They were engrossed in a pull-party. Monty had Jesse's dick in a vice-like grip and was pumping away on that organ while Jimbo was tossing off Monty. Jesse was rolling Monty's balls in his cupped hand and stroking Jimbos hard cock with the other. Somehow she stifled the sharp giggles that welled up, and with a hand clapped over her mouth she cautiously approached the trio making no noise whatsoever.

She thought it looked so cute…three grown men standing naked, each stroking another's cock and all with blissful expressions on their faces. The bimbo on the box was trying to cram two cock into her mouth at once now and the two 'actors' supplying the hardware were saying inspiring things like…"Yeah baby. Suck it baby. Stick it in your mouth." Holy Hanna fuck me sideways, she thought…The girl's already crammed all that meat into her mouth. Are you two guys that stupid? She don't need the instructions for Chrissake!

Losing interest in the banality of the flick, she turned her attention again to the boys. Now, if I am going to get any advantage out of this, she thought, I had better hurry and join in before someone or ones blow their fucking bolt! Mandy couldn't bring herself to even think about the waste of hot cum. Knowing the boys, if one cum, all would cum. 'All for one and one for all' She thought. It was like a fucking pulling contest. But who would win? She bet her guy would. If this were a masturbation contest, Jesse would come first, second and fifth. He was such a horny little bastard.

Only moments had past and Mandy had gotten within a few feet of the boys without being seen. She was fascinated by the steady rhythm the lads had attained. Their mutual masturbation was almost mechanical in its precision. 'Precision drill'. The thought came and went as her hand sought her pussy under the short skirt. She wasn't surprised to find she was already wet, it didn't take much to get her in the mood these days. Her free hand liberated one tit from the boob tube she wore and her fingers pinched at the hard nipple that stood on the crest of her soft, creamy swell. 

"Can I play too?"

It was comical. Dicks jerked away from working hands. The very same hands groped at owner's equipment trying to hide the nest from prying eyes. Three pairs of eyes, wide as flying saucers, zeroed in on the intruder and an arctic breeze swirled around the proceedings.

"Mandy!" Jesse's voice cracked on the second syllable making him sound like he was thirteen again instead of twenty three, his voice oscillating between the child and the man. 

"Fuck me!" Mort groaned.

Well Mort had the right idea anyway, Mandy thought as she tried to look at his cock through the net of fingers that shielded the rapidly shrinking member.

"Ah shit." Said Jimbo intoning the only Chinese he knew.

"Well, well, well." Mandy stepped into the flickering light, her bare tit swinging free, her skirt hitched and held up by her right arm as her hand was buried under the G-string, in her pussy. "Aren't you a fucking sight. I have never seen a cluster of eager cocks like what's before me today and I wasn't invited?" She grinned at Jesse, giving him a huge wink. "So, again I ask you…Can I fucking play too?"

Mort cleared his throat and swallowed hard, but grinned at her. His eyes took in that gorgeous tit with its hard nipple and the busy fingers working behind the triangular patch of G-string that was no longer hidden by her skirt.

"I can't see why not." He offered.

Jesse nodded his eyes still wide with the shock of his girlfriend catching him with both hands full of either cock or balls and none of it his. Fuck, but she was gorgeous, he thought to himself taking in the luscious bare tit that still jutted out waiting for attention.

Jimbo had recovered his composure, his hands had fallen away from his cock and now his proud member was starting to raise its head again. Mandy smiled as she saw it snake its way up towards Jimbo's belly button and their Sunday ride together flashed again through her mind. She remembered that thick solid shaft deep in her pussy and also the fact that Jesse never knew about it.

"You gonna take your gear off then?" Mort had recovered too and now was hard again, his big cock swinging like a metronome as he turned towards her. Mandy just smiled and jerked her blouse off over her head, baring her twin bubble with their two hard peaks for the boys. Her pussy was so wet she thought she would drip on the carpet, but she managed to shuck out of her skirt and G-string without any embarrassing accidents.

"Okay you fucking heroes." She was chuckling as she said it, but somehow she still managed to sound like General Patton addressing his troops. "I wanna see cocks at attention and I hope your balls are full." They all came to their feet springing to mock attention, hands to the side and cocks at 'slope arms' position. Fuck, they looked great to Mandy as she strutted before them, hands behind her back. She stopped in front of Jimbo and took his cock into her small hand. Swiftly stroking it a few times, she bent down until she could lick the knob and thus taste the sheen of precum that covered him. He shivered, closing his eyes at the touch of her hot tongue.
