 The doorbell rings and as Mandy opens the door she smiles. A delivery man holds on to the bouquet for dear life. Lilies. White as snow... She thanks him and takes the bouquet from him, placing it on the dining room table.

Eagerly she opens the envelope – the message says "Be ready at 21h00...".

30 minutes later the doorbell rings again and sure, there is a different delivery man holding onto a huge box with a purple bow. She signs for the package and hurries to the living room. She unties the bow and lifts the lid. The card, in the same handwriting reads : "Please be dressed in this, pick you up at 21h00." She lifts the golden satin dress from the box and notices a blindfold, of the same material, underneath it! 

This is definitely going to be a special evening, Mandy thinks. At the thought of what might happen, a chill runs down her spine....

You could set your watch by it – another 30 minutes later, the doorbell!

Anticipating Champagne or something in that line, she opens the door. Another delivery man, holding a smaller, wrapped box out to her.

She lifts the card from the envelope and reads the following words : "Something to get you all worked up for tonight! Enjoy and be ready at 21h00!"

Tearing the paper off the box, lifting the lid – goodness! A sleek golden vibrator, batteries and a video tape... She immediately rush to the video recorder, placing the tape inside. Mandy sits down on the coach, opening the vibrator and placing the batteries inside.

At first all the blood drains from her face, then she turns bright red. On the screen she is busy giving her husband a blowjob, while he is running his hands through her hair!!! They change positions and she is on the desk, he is on his knees, his face buried between her legs, eating her pussy!

The longer she watches, the more excited she becomes. Not taking her eyes off the screen for one second, she undresses and switch on the vibrator. Mimicking his every motion on screen, she pushes the vibrator in and out of her pussy, her hand (like on the screen at that moment) is on her clit, rubbing it, loving it.

The orgasm that washes over her, leaves her drained and impatient. Mandy wants to be taken by her man, wants to take his cock into her mouth, her fingernails tracing his balls...

The tape stops and she clicks the TV off on the remote. Her eyes lifting to the clock on the wall. 30 minutes...

The doorbell rings and she jumps up to answer the door. Completely in another world, she opens the door, naked as the day she was born. There stands a woman, blond, tall and amazingly beautiful!

"May I help you?" Mandy hides her nakedness behind the door.

"I am here to care for you and to get you ready for tonight..." the woman says in a sexy, husky voice. "My name is Pam, please to meet you. We do not have a lot of time before 21h00!"

She invites Pam inside and closes the door with a frown on her face. What is she in for now? Pam places her suitcase on the dining room table and turns to the naked Mandy.

"Please could you show me to your bedroom?"

As they enter the room, Pam takes Mandy's hand and lead her to the bed. She pushes her down and tell her to relax. She pushes Mandy's legs apart and kneels between her legs, her tongue darting on the woman's clit, her fingers penetrating her.

For the next 30 minutes Pam makes love to Mandy. Fondling and kissing her nipples and breasts. Running her hot tongue all over Mandy's body. Mandy stopped counting the orgasms and wanted to return the favour, but Pam refused. She was there to please Mandy, not to be pleased.

As another orgasm rips through Mandy's body, the doorbell rings again. Pam quickly gets up and go to receive the next surprise.

Mandy lays on the bed, so completely satisfied and at the same time extremely horny. Her husband is the best lover in the world and she is anticipating the evening with her whole body and mind.

Pam returns to the bedroom, carrying a bottle of French Champagne and a fruit basket. In her other hand she has a pampering kit, full of bath oils, make up and perfume.

Mandy takes the card and reads it : "I hope Pam succeeded in satisfying you. I am counting the minutes to 21h00!"

Pam is bending over the bath, running water for Mandy when Mandy enters the bathroom. She stands behind Pam, running her hand over Pam's buttocks. Lower until her hand slips under her skirt. Mandy pushes the g-string to one side and feels that Pam is sopping wet! Her fingers easily slips inside Pam's pussy and she hears Pam moan. She slides down and sits down on the floor, lifting her head to reach and her tongue pleases Pam in a way that she never knew she was capable of.

The two women spends the next thirty minutes making love in the big bath. Pleasuring each other. Pam jumps up the moment the doorbell rings and quickly wraps a towel around herself.

Mandy also gets out of the bath. "I bet he did not know what I was up to" she thinks out loud!

Pam returns with a small box, once again wrapped in the same purple paper. Mandy opens it and takes the card out, reading it : "Another 30 minutes left before the time of your life, Angel! Enjoy!"

In the box lays a beautiful necklace, yellow, white and red gold intertwined, diamonds placed strategically, underneath it a gold g-string. Both woman jumps up and down and Pam helps Mandy to clip the necklace on. They have never seen something as beautiful as that!

Pam then rubs Mandy's skin with a fragrant oil, helping her into the divine gold satin dress. She piles Mandy's hair high up on her head and make ups her face in brown and gold.

The doorbell rings and Pam hurriedly blindfolds Mandy before leading her out of the room, down the passage and to the front door.

Mandy feels a man's hands on her arm and Pam on the other side as they lead her outside and into a waiting car. Pam kisses Mandy softly on the legs, wishing her farewell, the door closes and the car pulls off. Thinking that she is alone, she wanted to pull the blindfold off, but a husky voice made her jump : "Please don't...!"

"Who are you?" Mandy does not recognize the voice at all.

"A friend..." is the only reply she is given.

About 40 minutes of silence followed in the car. Mandy thought it a lifetime by the time they stopped. The same hands help her out of the vehicle.

"Please come with me..." says another voice and takes her by the elbow.

At last they reach what must be a door and enters. Mandy can here other people's voices and wishes that her man would join her now...

"You look absolutely gorgeous, Hunny!" His voice sends shivers up and down her spine..

"Darling, you are...." Mandy tries to say, but his mouth is on hers and quiets her.

"Mandy, please be quiet. For the rest of the evening you are not allowed to say another word, other than NO, should you not enjoy what is happening. Is that understood?" He places another kiss on her lips and leads to off.

He tells her to stand still and he slips the dress off her shoulders. He helps her onto what must be a bed and tell her that he will be right back. She should just lay back and relax.

She could hear people talking, and then getting onto the bed with her. Suddenly everyone is quiet and for the next couple of hours Mandy thought herself to be in sexual heaven!

At least four people touching her, caressing every inch of her body. Fingers lovingly probing her, teasing her, entering her. She tasted her man as he pushed on her lips to open her mouth and allow his cock in. Someone is licking her wet pussy, someone fingering her. Someone nibbling on her nipples.

She is lifted up and turned around on her knees. Her man whispering soothing words in her ear, kissing her neck and face. Some man is carefully entering her pussy while someone is rubbing her clit. Her man's voice calming her, telling her to relax and open up. She does as she says and the penis is in all the way, slowly fucking her.

The more they made love to her, the more she wants it. She moans and move into the man fucking her, she wants him to fuck her harder! Someone is using a vibrator on her clit and she feels like she is going to explode with lust.

It felt like her mind left her body and that she was only a sexual object, being pleased and loved by the very best, pushing her limits further and further.

Much, much later – after being fucked by three different men, she whispers : "Enough..." and the love making immediately stopped and she could feel the people leaving the bed. She was spent and was beginning to hurt. Her pussy had all that she could take for one night.

Her man is still there, she realizes as he hugs her close, kissing her, telling her how wonderful she was.

"Mandy, I am going to remove the blindfold now, then I want you to go and sit on the chair opposite the bed. I do not want you to speak and I don't want you to object to anything that you will see. I want you to sit back, relax and fully take in what you are going to see, ok?" His lips lingering on her ear, moving down to her neck, onto her chin, his tongue tracing her face, meeting her lips with his, kissing her passionately.

As he removes the blindfold, she looks around in amazement. They were at a club, a club they have been to quite a few times before. Never before have they swapped partners or fully made use of the facilities there. 

It was the voyeur room! She could make out the silhouettes of people standing, watching on the other side of the mirrors. The room was brightly lit and the two of them were alone on the room. He helps her off the bed and into the chair.

Mandy smiles at her legs buckling under her. She was really spent after all that!

Her man replaces the condom her has on with a fresh one and turns around on his back. In walks Pam! She winks at Mandy and climbs onto the bed. Joining Mandy's husband on the bed, immediately they start make love.

Mandy watches them, completely mesmerized! Their love making was so passionate that Mandy felt herself go wet again. She watches as Pam straddles him, his cock pushing up into Pam, her head thrown back, her mouth open with pleasure.

Mandy watches as her husband's hands are all over Pam's body and she grows more horny by the second. As she wanted to get up off the chair, they couple on the bed stopped and her husband told her to sit and watch.

They changed positions and her husband was doing Pam doggy style, slapping Pam's butt with his open hand. She watches as he comes and screams out Pam's name. she watches as they lay next to each other, hugging and kissing.

Mandy closes her eyes for a second, she does not want to ever forget this evening for as long as she lives!

As she opens her eyes, the couple on the bed were getting up and Pam lifts Mandy off the chair, taking her into her arms, kissing her slowly and sensually. Mandy wanted Pam more than anything at that moment, but her hubby pulled her away from Pam and helped her getting into the golden dress again. As they leave the room, applause erupts from the people that were watching them. Mandy blushes a deep red and move into her husbands arms.

They walk to the bar and Mandy orders a well deserved drink. Feels like she has been drained from all fluids.

"Darling... I want to know who were there with us tonight, please?" Mandy pleads with her husband.

"Every single person that will kiss you tonight, was there in the room with us, ok?"

"Great, so I know it was you there, and I know Pam was there too..." Mandy smiles.

They sit there at the bar, laughing and chatting to the people around. Mandy drank about four drinks, quite quickly and really began t relax. She tries not to think about what happened, as she does not want to over-think the situation. She enjoyed it more than anything ever before and that is the way she wants to remember it.

Pam joined them and she was still naked, her fantastic body glimmering in the soft light. Her husband and Pam were discussing global warming (can you believe it?) when a handsome man, in his forties, tall and sexy, takes Mandy by the arm, pulling her into his arms and softly kissing her on the lips, then whispering in her ear that she was stunning!

Gooseflesh! He was gorgeous and to think that he was there, making love to her, was mind blowing! Mandy pulls him closer and her mouth searches for his, opening up to him, feeling his hands running over the satin of her dress, familiarly caressing her curvy body.

He pulls away from her, ordering them both a drink and just chatted until another man, also tall and very dark hair and eyes, pulled her to him, also kissing her, pushing his hard cock against her tummy, telling her softly that she was great and that he would love to make love to her again.

Mandy smiled, kissed him back and asked if the two of them knew each other, they answered affirmatively and both men stood there looking at her. Mandy looks around for her husband and finally notices him and Pam in the pool, in each other's arms, kissing sexily.

Someone taps her on her shoulder and she turns around, finding a very good friend of them, Don, pulling her towards him, kissing her passionately.

"Don! My Gawd! Were you there too?"

"Mandy, I was there, yeah. Loving you along with the others..."

Mandy steps back into his arms, putting her arms around his neck, pulling him down to her, kissing him deeply. "I want you..."

Without a word he takes her hand, lead her to the pool, help her undress and get into the pool. Don swims over to her husband and they chat for a while before Don returns and starts kissing her. They slowly made love on the stairs, Mandy aware that her husband was watching her every move.

Much later, the next morning in fact, they get into the limo and drives off.

Mandy snugly cuddling in her husbands arms, falling asleep...

Author's Note:

This is a story straight from my imagination - no person or event happened in real life!

Words_f