 Note: All characters in this story are of legal age. All of the characters are well over eighteen years of age.

This story takes place three weeks after chapter 5 of MEAN GIRLS of MAPLEWOOD. That being said, I appreciate all comments on that series of stories whether good and bad. I will be posting another chapter of MEAN GIRLS pretty soon. 

Feedback feeds this tale of GIRLS GONE WILD and I would love to continue hearing from my audience.

*****

It was a cold Saturday morning as he returned to the one place that made him feel like a man again. It was the one place where he had for the briefest of moment's grasped greatness in all its fleeting glory and the site of his one true triumph as he had brought a championship to the small town of Maplewood. The wind was blowing heavily that day and the teen had wrapped himself in a large windbreaker and pulled the hood over his head in case any of his fellow neighbors saw him. 

Brad Tucker had become something of an oddity and a curiosity to the populace of the small town ever since he'd been discovered walking nude down the interstate covered in mud and fecal matter with blood running freely from his anus. Rumors flew like the wind and the narrow minded townies had branded him a closeted homosexual making him a pariah in less than a week. His friends and teammates had all but abandoned him and his father wouldn't even look at him. Sheriff Reed knew something was up and had promised the jock that he would find out who had assaulted him and bring them to justice.

How could he tell the sheriff that his own daughter was the culprit?

He climbed into the bleachers and sat near the very top as he fished around in his pocket for a joint that he'd copped the day of the game. It wasn't easy to sit down even though he was wearing two pairs of corduroys and thermals. The doctors had to stitch up his permanently gaped asshole and he was fitted with a kind of foam plug to secure his butt. Brad took a long drag on the joint remembering how he'd been bombarded with question after question from the authorities and his parents and continuously denied everything. He finally convinced them that he blocked the ordeal out mentally and bought himself some time. His heart dipped when he remembered how his mother had cried openly for what seemed like days.

He'd deserved what he'd got whole heartedly and was content to pay for his crimes in a wall of silence. After a while the football scouts stopped coming around and he was simply labeled damaged goods. 

He took a deep drag as some tears rolled across his cheeks. He thought of his girlfriend and that other girl he'd unwittingly impregnated in a fit of steroid induced rage when he'd been denied sex with his childhood friend. There were rumors that both of them were hooking up on the down low and had become full blown lovers.

Brad Tucker didn't care about that. He constantly thought about the baby that had been aborted and the fact that his girlfriend had probably been involved in a very personal situation that was between him and the other woman. He thought of what could have been as he was brutally raped over and over again by the baby's mother while he pleaded for mercy and talked of starting a family with his female rapist. Every time he closed his eyes, all he could see was her horrifying grinning countenance framed by the wet looking stringy blonde hair.

Brad Tucker sat in the small stadium looking out onto the field and noticing how it was overcast and looked like rain. He noticed someone similarly dressed down on the field walking along its perimeter and he immediately realized it was a girl. The huge utilitarian green tinted Eskimo coat she wore hid her features but a pair of thin yet shapely legs gave her away and she wore pink leggings with white tennis shoes. She was carrying a large flimsy garbage bag and one of those pointed sticks used to pick up trash.

She was probably a classmate of his but he couldn't tell because of the thick hoodie and she was definitely being punished for something. He watched the girl stomp across the field collecting errant trash and chuckled when he saw her step into a gopher hole and keel over.

Humor had become unfamiliar to him as he rarely even cracked a smile these days and he found himself grateful to the stranger on the field. He'd taken one long final drag and dropped the used joint through the bleachers as he intended to leave when he'd heard a sudden shout of surprise and looked through the bleachers to find a similarly dressed teen girl with her own pointy stick and garbage bag.

"YOU COULD HAVE PUT MY EYE OUT WITH THAT CIGARETTE ASSHOLE?!!"

He recognized the voice belonging to the second girl under the hood and he'd immediately felt a chill run up his spine. She was one of the cheerleaders that had been present in that post game shower with him and just knowing that brought back memories...awful memories of a time when he'd been blind to just how shitty a person he'd been and how much less of a human being he'd been. Brad shuddered remembering that he would never be that arrogant, entitled jackass again and that if he stepped across the line, "she" would be waiting to punish him.

"Really sorry about that, I'll be going now ma'am." He quickly apologized and got up intending to move down the bleachers before he was recognized.

"Brad, is that you?" She called out as he shook his head profusely denying his own identity and quickening his pace. He started to panic as he looked between the steps and noticed the girl running towards the end of bleachers to intercept him.

"Hey wait, I wanna talk to you!" She called out as she dropped her plastic bag and stick moving even faster to the opening near the park stadium gates.

He didn't want to talk to anybody he didn't have to and the jock was determined to get away before he could be scrutinized by the cheerleader.

"Hey, why are you running away?!!" Her voice was labored as she emerged from under the bleachers and saw the jock moving in the opposite direction. Brad tried to jump the fence near the football field and toppled onto his head nearly knocking himself out. He was still somewhat in recovery from his surgery and hadn't regained his full mobility yet. Even worse, strenuous activity like running cause him intense searing pain in his anus and he bled heavily soiling his underwear the first time he'd attempted to work out by jogging. He was completely dazed as he rolled over on his back holding his throbbing head while a spike of pain shot up his spine nearly paralyzing him.

"What'd this asshole do to you Chelsea?" He heard an annoyingly familiar voice a few feet away from him and shuddered. The two girls were so-called BFF'S and were rarely seen one without the other.

"Nothin, he's just started running when I called his name is all." He heard their footfalls through the leaves and grass as they approached him and he began trembling.

"Who the fuck is he anyways?" Her voice was childish and slightly high pitched making her sound like the dumb blonde everyone already thought she was.

"Don't you know who the fuck that is?!! It's Brad Tucker!"

"Shut-Up, you're not serious are you bitch?" Their chatter was nothing new to him and he'd heard their inane mutterings all the time when he'd been dating their leader. 

"Hey Brad, are you okay?" He found himself looking up in to the faces of Patty and Chelsea as they pulled their hoods down to get a better look at him.

"Yeah, I'm just fine ladies." His head was still ringing from the fall as he found both of the girls extending their hands to help him up off of the grass. He looked at the childish features of Patty who resembled a grown up version of Cindy Brady with her blonde hair done up in twin short ponytails with pronounced bangs in the front. She had a really cute oval shaped face and was smiling at him with a sheepish grin that he'd seen time and time again when he was walking around campus. He noted that she had the clearest crystal blue eyes that looked a little too big for her face almost making the eighteen year old senior resemble an anime character. The large coat covered up most of her body, but Patty's thin yet shapely legs could be clearly seen encased in hot pink colored leggings.

The coat didn't matter because he already knew what she looked like naked. He'd seen Patty's slender model like body with the really nice sloping breasts and prominent nipples. He also remembered her clean shaven snatch as well and fought against those memories trying hard to bury them.

"You don't look okay to us Brad. Sure you don't want us to call the paramedics or something." Chelsea had tugged his windbreaker down revealing a good sized lump on his forehead. He flinched a bit as she lightly touched his face brushing aside some of his hair which he was letting grow out. 

He couldn't deal with the stares of people around town and couldn't even sit still long enough for a decent haircut from the barber. Someone would inevitably try to question about the sordid details of the night he'd won the big game and Bradford Tucker just wasn't talking.

"No, I'm okay ladies now if you'll excuse me I have to get going." He lightly swept her hand away as he hoped his face didn't betray him and reveal the fear thumping in his chest at that moment.

"Where?" Patty questioned as she made no attempt to hide the fact that her big blue eyes were roaming all over his body. He noticed her body language too as her watched the slightly lanky teen bounce, shifting her weight from foot to foot.

"I uh, gotta do some things for my mom." He offered weakly looking around the field worrying that someone might see him with them. Patty also took note of his body language too and she didn't seem to be able to filter her thoughts.

"Why were you running away from Chelsea?" She blurted out immediately noticing the uncomfortable look on his face as he flushed beat red.

"I -told you I gotta go do something for my mom."

"What Brad? What'd you gotta do for your mamma?" Patty leaned in smiling looking more and more like a beautiful predator watching as he scratched his head looking more and more confused.

"I-I don't gotta tell you nothing Patty." 

"Are you okay Brad? You look kind of green around the gills if you know what I mean." Chelsea interjected getting slightly more uncomfortable with her friend's line of questioning. She'd seen Brad once since he'd been found wandering bloody and nude on the interstate. He'd been sitting in the back of his mother's station wagon while she shopped at the market Chelsea worked at. She couldn't forget how sad he looked sitting there in the back seat starring off into space.

He'd actually made eye contact with her briefly and responded immediately by placing a quilt he'd had in the backseat with him over his head. 

She watched another few moments as the jock sat there looking like a patchwork ghost unmoving.

"You must have been smoking some bad weed huh?" Chelsea added to her initial question giving him an out which he readily took.

"Uh, yeah I had that joint for a while. Some skater sold it to me over at the mall." Actually he had beaten the kid up for rolling over his foot and received the aforementioned joint as a peace offering before striking a knock-out blow.

"What were you thinking Brad, do you have any idea what that shit could have been laced with?" Patty wagged her finger as she scolded the suddenly relieved looking jock.

"Uh, yeah sorry guys you're absolutely right."

"You know if we saw that you were high, your mom might too Brad. Why don't you hang back for a moment while we finish up here so we can watch out for you okay?" Chelsea had reached grasping his bicep through his coat and slightly kneading it as she looked pleadingly into his eyes.

"Yeah, what kind of assholes would we be if we let you get into trouble with your parents?" Patty had grabbed the other bicep in a similar fashion.

"Well okay guys, but I have to go in a few minutes." He was still nervous but Chelsea had calmed his nerves. He took a seat at the bottom of the bleachers and watched the girls clean the stadium walking hand in hand and talking.

Brad's gaze rested on Chelsea who was dressed in similar fashion to her smaller friend. She had a full mane of soft curly brown hair that framed her soft features, a round pretty face that slightly hinted at a distant Latin heritage. He noticed that Chelsea's coat didn't particularly cover her well known and large derriere. He shuddered as he remembered how plump and juicy it looked sitting at the bottom of her small waist. It was like a big teardrop and he remembered the tan lines on the other wise perfect olive colored butt. He noticed her looking back his way every now and then with a slight smile reading across her plump lips.

He felt a stirring in his crotch and immediately pushed his thoughts elsewhere preferring to stay away from anything sexual. Brad felt a chill run through his body and he pulled his coat tighter around his body.

"Are you cold Brad, this might help." It was Chelsea and reached into her pocket pulling out a small flask of what he assumed was alcohol. 

"No thanks, that's okay Chelsea. Thanks anyway, I don't drink anymore." He looked away as she took a swig from the bottle. 

"I don't blame you but it takes a little bit of the edge off sometimes." She took another swig as she sat down beside him.

"You know if your mom finds out, it's back to rehab Chelsea." Patty suddenly popped up on the other side of Brad and dropped down next to him.

"Patty, shut up! You REALLY piss me off sometimes." She looked down towards her feet embarrassed by her friend's big mouth. Brad softly took the flask from her hands and took a light swig. He just wanted her to feel better about her obvious drinking habit.

"I thought you didn't drink anymore." Chelsea smiled taking the flask back.

"Well I didn't, so I guess that will have to be our little secret."

"Okay Brad as long as you don't rat on me either, deal?" she offered her small hand and he took it giving her a shake to seal their mutual secret. Patty looked on getting annoyed at what she thought was going on between the two teens in front of her getting annoyed at the situation.

"Can I have a little?" Chelsea tossed her the bottle and watched as her friend took a deep drink from the bottle.

"Don't drink it all bitch, you know how hard it is to get into my dad's liquor cabinet?!" 

"Relax whore, I'll get you some more." Patty finished the flask falling back after getting a slight buzz. Brad watched amused at the exchange between the two girls.

"Hey Brad, do you REALLY have to go?" Patty turned her attention back towards him as Chelsea looked away. For some reason he didn't want to leave just yet preferring her company.

"Well, it's not that important, but I do have to take care of it at some point today." He offered an olive branch to the two girls who genuinely seemed only interested in keeping company with him. Rain suddenly started to pour down on the unprotected teens and Brad laughed when the girls started shrieking under the onslaught.

"SHIT!! Come on, my car is over by the gate!!" The trio ran through the pouring rain over to Patty's silver Prius with Brad stopping just short of hopping into the car with them.

"What? Come on Brad!" Patty was ushering him towards her car as the rain pelted all of them. He stood starring at the two girls unsure of how to react. He had a hard time trusting women after his ordeal and his body just seemed to shut down. He just began shaking his head and taking a few steps back.

"You really can't stay out here in the rain." Chelsea had walked up to him and lightly took his arm while staring into his eyes.

"I-I don't know about this." She noticed the fear and apprehension in his eyes as she lightly tugged at his sleeve.

"Couldn't you just hang out a little bit? I- I mean we were having such a great time together weren't we Brad?" 

"Yeah, but I really have to get going Chelsea."

"Well then fuck it, let's get outta here biatch." Patty shouted to her friend as she hopped into her car and started up the engine. Chelsea turned back to the frightened jock with pleading eyes.

"Look, I don't know exactly what's going on with you but I know when somebody needs help. We're not gonna hurt you Brad. We just thought you were cool and wanted to get to know you a little better, that's all." He found her beautiful as pellets of water collided with her pretty face.

"Get to know me-better?"

"Talking-Just talking okay? You don't have anything to worry about. We know you're taken and we just thought we could hang out a little and have some-"clean" fun." She was over explaining everything and Patty revved up her car a couple of times to warn her BFF that she might drive off.

He looked from her pleading eyes to the backseat of Patty's car being offered to him.

"I'll just hang out for a little while, but you have to let me go when it's time to leave." Chelsea looked a little perplexed at his curious statement but smiled to herself as she watched the jock cautiously get into the backseat of the car.

He tried to make himself comfortable as Patty sped out of the stadium parking lot making continual chatter about all sorts of inane subject matter and Brad found himself staring out of the window at some of the scattered houses and farm land. In short order the dull droning sound of the two girls and the monotonous view afforded him out of that backseat window caused him to doze. 

"HEY BRAD, WAKE UP!!" He awoke to find himself being shaken by Chelsea while an insistent Patty stood just in the distance on a porch still wrapped in her wind breaker. 

"How long was I out?" He was just beginning to get his bearings as he righted himself in the backseat of the car.

"Probably a good twenty five minutes, come on out, we're here."

"Where?"

"My house silly! Now come on in I'm cold as fuck." Patty reached under a mat at the front door retrieving a house key and let herself inside as he looked around the front yard of the rustic looking home. He immediately picked up on the fact that he didn't recognize the surroundings and his pulse quickened. He walked the short distance to the gate at the front of the yard and looked out at the rural interstate facing him as the violent pellets of rain cut into his face.

"Brad, come on." He looked back to find Chelsea staring at him from the open door. He didn't answer and trudged into the small cabin-like home. 

The interior of the cabin was very small and cozy. Patty bragged that it was her dad's man cave that he used whenever his family got on his nerves and judging from the loud child-like chatter emanating from her mouth, that must have been an awful lot. He took note of the huge flat screen television and the wall length couch facing it, the small partially obscured kitchenette behind a sliding door and of course the bedroom at the end of a small corridor. The door was cracked and he could make out no detail of the interior due to the lights being switched off.

Patty had unzipped her large windbreaker and was shrugging it off to reveal a simple cotton t-shirt underneath. Her entire torso was soaked from the rain and it was immediately apparent that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her bouncy, perky looking boobs were on prominent display and she immediately noticed the trajectory of his gaze. She cupped her hands under her breasts and rolled her nipples laughing when he turned away. Chelsea tugged at his coat zipper trying to draw it down but he stopped her.

"I'm gonna keep it on if you don't mind."

"Are you sure Brad, it's gonna get really hot in here once she turns up the heat." 

"I'll be okay Chelsea." She shrugged her shoulders and slipped out of her coat revealing a simple grey and pink striped sweater much to his disappointment. Patty sauntered over to the thermostat and turned it up as high as she could. The thin teen was shivering uncontrollably from exposure. She plopped down in the only chair in the room; a big wicker number kicked off her sneakers and started rolling the pink leggings down her slender well-toned thighs.
