 I was standing at the bar, not unusual for a Friday night, when I noticed a gorgeous woman noticing me. 

As she caught my eye, she leaned over and said something to her equally gorgeous friend. The friend took a hefty swig of her beer and started walking over to me. She couldn't have been more my type if I had ordered her in advance. 

She was tall with shoulder length red hair and long legs, She was wearing tight jeans that were just low enough to give me a wink of the belly ring on her flat stomach. When she got to the bar, she leaned in front of me and said, 

"Go ahead. You know you want to check out my ass." 

I did. It was perfect, not too flat, but lean and toned.

"Get a good look?", she said, turning to face me. 

I nodded. I didn't really trust my voice not show how flustered I was by her directness and the arresting look in her blue eyes. She smiled at me.

"So, my wife wants to fuck you." 

It took me a minute to register what she was saying. I glanced back over at her table. 

"Your wife?", I asked. 

"Yeah, sometimes she wants the real thing." 

"What's in it for me?" I can't believe I said that. 

"Oh, no", she said, grabbing my crotch, "It's what's in it for her." 

I took a deep breath.

"What did you have in mind?" I could barely keep myself from stuttering.

"You don't look dumb. We buy you a certain amount of drinks then we take you back to our place, I'll get Chris warmed up, then you fuck her until she's had enough." 

This seemed more than reasonable to me. She ordered another round of drinks and led me back to the table. She introduced me to Chris. Chris was almost her complete opposite. She had long curly blonde hair and a curvy, hour glass figure. This, combined with her angelic face, destroyed any doubt I might have had. 

"So, Mara, is he going to fuck me?" 

Mara draped her arm around Chris's waist and kissed her. I felt my cock twitch a little. 

"I think so." 

She then kissed Chris a little deeper and ran her hands softly over her body. She drifted kisses down Chris's neck and Chris smiled at me.

"Just in case you needed convincing." 

I didn't need any convincing. What I needed was a cold shower or maybe several more drinks and an empty room. 

"I'm Mara, by the way "she said, as she licked her way up Chris's throat to her mouth. 

The girls kissed deeply and I was hanging on to the table for support. I cleared my throat and Mara glanced over at me 

"Is there something you would like to see?"

I was imagining the possibilities, but all I said was, "Is there somewhere we can go?" 

She smiled at me as she stroked Chris's shoulders and breasts while Chris purred seductively. 

"Hang on Champ. Do you want to go to our place or should we find somewhere closer?" 

I can't even imagine the look on my face when she looked over at me then at Chris and then took Chris's hand and led her over to feel how big and hard I'd gotten over the last few minutes. 

Chris turned her sweet, angelic face up to mine and smiled.

"I don't think we should make this darling boy wait much longer." 

I know I sighed audibly. 

Mara walked around behind me saying, "Well, well, well what should we do? There's a relatively empty parking lot or . .. 

Chris chimed in with , "Or you could get Stevie's keys." 

"Brilliant idea my love." Mara leaned around me to kiss Chris. 

Mara's hand was on my ass, and Chris's was lightly resting on my waist. I thought I would explode being sandwiched between these two. 

Mara gave my ass a pat and walked away, leaving me to lose myself into Chris's deep brown eyes . I had drifted past the eyes to her incredible body, full breasts, low cut cream color blouse, with a little whlte lace peeking out then further down to the mysterious shadows of her body. While my eyes were taking inventory, . Chris was lightly stroking my chest and arms and my hips with her fingertips. 

She walked her hands across my belt to my fly. The top of my head almost blasted clean off when she rested her delicate little hand on my straining cock. I wanted to lift her into the air and find the first stable surface to lay her out and give her a slow, gentle fuck that would make her never forget me. 

At just that moment, Mara reappeared holding out a key ring. 

"We're lucky. The game room is all ours." 

"Game room?" I said, hoarsely.

"Don't freak out, big guy, pool tables and dart boards. An empty room and flat surfaces. You know you have a sure thing here, you have nothing to be afraid of." 

She was right. Would any red blooded American boy, man, tree frog or any wildlife ever, ever, ever turn down this opportunity? No. And I wasn't about to either. 

Mara kept her blue eyes locked on mine as she asked the bartender for a tray of beers and at least 8 shots of god knows what and a bucket of ice. The bartender was almost laughing as he arranged this. He tossed a couple of bar towels on the tray and a couple of envelopes of Advil. He met my eye and said,

"Trust me, buddy, you'll need it"

I didn't know whether to be afraid or excited. The girls took me by the hands and led me across the bar down the hallway. 

We walked in and Mara guided Chris to a bar and set down the tray. I stood in front of her. All I could see was this beautiful girl in a tiny skirt, looking up at me expectantly. She took my hand and put it on her hip. I kissed her and picked her up, placing her on the bar. The lights suddenly dimmed and music filled the room. She sighed against my mouth, delicately tracing my mouth with her tongue. I felt a tap on my arm and Mara handed me a shot. I took it and Chris took hers and then I returned to kissing her. 

I felt Mara nudge Chris's legs apart. I glanced down to see her slide Chris's lace panties down her legs and drop them to the floor. She then placed one of Chris legs on my hip. Chris continued to kiss me, only moaning slightly as Mara positioned her. Chris used her leg to pull me a step closer. Her soft hand drifted down to stroke me gently. Mara moved to lick Chris's ear. Chris moved slightly and I heard soft whispers.

Next, Chris was handing me a shot as Mara slid her fingers down my chest. She knelt in front of me and said, 

"Don't get used to this, it's just so you don't cheat her out of the full ride" 

Chris draped a leg over each of Mara's shoulders. Mara turned slightly and licked the inside of Chris's thigh and unzipped my pants. She slipped my pants and my boxers down slightly. My cock leapt out at her. I looked down to see her smile. 

"Well, let's see if it IS just like riding a bicycle." 

Chris pulled me towards her and kissed my neck. Mara took her time drawing me into her mouth. Chris licked and sucked on my earlobe as Mara did the same to my dick. 

It didn't take long. Chris kissed my mouth softly as Mara kissed the top of my thigh. She stood, got a shot and handed me one. 

"Okay, big guy, your turn." 

Chris arched back invitingly I pulled up the chair that Mara thoughtfully brought over. 

Mara placed my hand on Chris's knee and I stroked her soft skin. Mara leaned forward and started removing Chris's blouse. Chris sighed and moaned as I ran my hands up and down her thighs. I leaned forward and licked the inside of her thigh. I glanced up to see Mara lightly caress Chris's hard nipple with her tongue. I ran my tongue down her thigh as Mara sucked Chris's nipple. 

Chris arched forward contracting her stomach muscles and moaning I slid my hands under her tight little ass and pulled her closer. Mara moved around behind me so she could lean over me and play with Chris's gorgeous breasts. 

Mara looked down at me and said," She likes it when you open her up." 

I'm great at taking direction. I gently spread Chris's legs and licked her swollen clit gently She arched up against my mouth. Mara lowered her hand and guided me towards Chris. 

I continued to lap at Chris as Mara slid her fingers down to massage anywhere my tongue wasn't . 

Chris arched her back and said, " I need you to fuck me." 

Mara moved her hand and I rose up off of the chair. Mara took me gently in her hands and stroked a condom on me. These girls had team work down to an art form. She then guided me towards Chris. Chris scooted towards me and I slid inside her. She was incredibly tight. 

Mara stood behind me and guided my hips into a rhythm that made Chris moan. Once I had it down, she moved back towards Chris and started kissing Chris's throat and breasts. 

This was the hottest thing I'd ever done. Chris came over and over. Then Mara helped her down from the bar and nudged her over the chair and guided me into her that way. Chris was so loud, I'm grateful that Mara had the foresight to start music playing. Chris came at least 3 times that way. 

Mara took her shirt off and Chris sucked on her breasts hungrily. I took a quick break to slam a beer and watch the girls. 

Chris unbuttoned Mara's jeans and slid her hands down the front. I could tell by the movement of Mara's hips and the look on her face that Chris was fingering her to an orgasm. Chris turned around and leaned back against 

Mara and gestured for me to come over. I wrapped my arm around her waist and Chris slid her finger into my mouth. I sucked it and felt Chris tremble a little. Mara had slid down to her knees and was licking Chris and working her with her hand. 

Chris said, " Can I fuck him some more?

"Of course." 

The rest of the evening just melted into one hour after another of amazing sex. Mara showed me the positions and pressures that Chris liked best. Eventually Chris decided she wanted me to fuck Mara. It was the perfect ending to a fantastic night