 This is a story of my relationship with a really nasty filthy slut that began very innocently like a lot of situations happen. She loves being a slut, and the more one abused her, the better she liked it. She is a real person (with an active email address), but much of this story is a fantasy of how she would like to be treated. So read on and enjoy. 

I had taken a new job in a new town and was getting acquainted with the people and the city. One evening a fellow worked and I stopped off at a bar and were BS’ng about what we wanted out of life, you know that male bonding stuff. We were playing some pool when one of his buddies came in and was telling everyone that he was having his usual home party and was looking for guys who wanted to party. My new friend said to me, “I don’t know you well enough to make any suggestions, but if you are in need of some hot action, this guy has really hot house parties.”

Not exactly sure what he meant I asked, “What do you mean by hot house party?”

“Well,” he said, “Martin and his wife have an open marriage and his wife loves to fuck. So he has these house parties inviting only guys who take turns fucking his wife and many times they gangbang her. I’ve gone a couple times and she is one hot slut! WHEW, I mean HOT! She is a very attractive women, great body, very sexy legs, nice tits, shaved pussy and will do almost anything with anybody just as long as she gets her share of cock and cum.”

It had been awhile since my last sexual encounter and was ready for some action. So when my friend’s buddy asked if I was interested, I agreed. He said, “Great, my name is Martin and will be leaving in a few minutes so just follow me.” He had rounded up four other guys and we all followed him to his house in our individual cars. When we got there, three cars were already in the driveway. We all walked into the house together to see two guys sitting in the living room watching the third guy dance with a scantly dressed women. The music was loud and the guy was holding her really close to him with one hand on her backside up her skirt squeezing her bare ass. She was busy grinding her pelvis into his crotch mimicking intercourse action. She looked over at the five of us saying to her husband, “Oh sweetie, I’m so glad you got here. I don’t think I could hold out much longer before I let Bill fuck me, I’m so hot. Oh and thanks for bringing more guys, I know I will need lots of cock tonight, I’m really horny.”  

Martin went over to his wife and pulled her away from Bill and brought her to where we were all standing. He said, “Marcia, here are some guys who are interested in keeping you supplied with cock tonight.” He had his arm over his wife’s shoulder cupping her breast as he spoke. He looked at us saying, “As you guys can see, she is one hot sexy women with great tits. Plus she is totally a slut, loves to fuck, eat cum, suck cock, lick ass and balls, and even takes a golden shower now and again.” He pushed his wife’s top down revealing one of her tits. He continued, “She has great nipples that she loves having them sucked on, pinched, licked, and best of all, she likes her tits fucked.” With his other hand, he had raised her skirt up revealing her bare and shaven pussy. “Look as this guys, I know you all will thoroughly enjoy fucking her pussy.” He stuck a finger in his wife’s cunt, made a few thrusts in and out and then licked his finger saying, “And she taste soooo good.” 

He released his wife saying, “OK honey, give us all a show.”

She walked to the center of the room and began to bump and grind. She pulled her top off and lifted her skirt as she gave everyone great views of her body. She bent over slightly wiggling her ass at everybody while running a finger up and down her crack. She also placed both hands in her crotch and with he thumbs and forefingers, squeezed her pussy lips so that we could all see the inside of her cunt, “I hope all you guys like my pussy, I love to show it off. Best of all I like having it fucked.” 

One guy sitting on the couch had unzipped his pants and was stroking his hard cock. She walked over to him, turned around lifting her skirt while squatting over his dick saying, “Rub your dick on my ass honey, make me feel your hardness.” The guy took his cock and began to rub it along her crack, he then worked the head of his cock around her cunt hole. She teased him letting him get the head of his dick partly inside her. 

He suddenly reached up grabbing her by the shoulders and pulled her down onto his cock, completely penetrating her. She moaned, “Oh shit I love this, yes fill me with your cock Jack, be the first to fuck me tonight. Oh I love fucking, I love cock, I love cum, I love being a slut, so fuck me anyway you want just give me all your cock and let me eat lots of cum.”

For the next three hours she fucked all eight of us many times, she took on two at a time as much as possible, she had us fuck her ass as often as she wanted her pussy fucked, she licked and sucked all of our cocks and also licked our asses. She just seemed to have an insatiable appetite for cock and cum and licking asses. Martin, her husband, did not participate, but took many photos with his digital and video cameras.

I was the last guy to fuck her and by the time I had finished dumping my third load deep inside her ass, all the other guys had left. She was getting a bit tired but was willing to continue if I was able. Martin said, “Hey guy if you want to stay the night and keep her happy, its OK with me, I have an early appointment and so need to get to bed.” 

I looked over at Marcia, she was lying on her back with her legs pulled up and spread so that her knees were up beside her tits. She had her hands down around her legs playing with her pussy and ass saying, “Oh honey, I’m so glad you are my husband and let me get fucked so much and actually promote my fuckings. I love you. I love having my holes filled with cock and feel the guys cuming in me, I love cum so much. I love sucking cocks and licking asses.” She was now fingering her asshole in a major way, the hole I had just cum in and when she pulled her finger out, you could she cum juices all over her finger, she smiled and licked her finger clean. She looked over at me saying, “You taste good, at least I think its your cum I’m tasting, but again it might be Bill’s, Jack’s or Henry’s, they all fucked me in the ass tonight.” She returned to fingering her ass and licking her finger as Martin photographed her action. She returned to playing with her cunt by pulling her pussy lips apart giving her hubby great close up shots of her open cunt that had been well fucked and oozed with cum. 

Finally she tired and just laid flat on the floor. She looked over at me saying, “Please stay the night, you can sleep in the spare bedroom and when Martin leaves in the morning, I’ll join you for more good fucking, you can have a nice piece of ass before I have to go to work.” I could not see why I shouldn’t enjoy another fucking session with her and so I agreed. I was tired and so cleaned myself up and hit the rack.