 Knowing it was time for me to go, I jumped into the shower to get cleaned up, she joined me and we washed each other paying special attention to the vital areas. I washed her pussy and ass over and over again as she did mine. We were about to get it on again when she said, “Oh how I would like to fuck you again, but I have to get ready for work. I hope you become a regular to my hubby’s parties so we can fuck again and again. I like you and love the feeling of your cock inside me.”

I responded, “I’d loved to. I like fucking you. I especially like how sluttish you are, I love nasty sluts.”

“Great, I love being a slut, a nasty filthy slut. Do you have any buddies that would like to join us for a gangbang sometime soon?”

“Well, I’ve just begun playing tennis again and although I don’t know many of the players very well, some of them seem likely candidates for a gangbang. Why don’t you come to one of my tennis matches and lets see what happens.” We finished dressing and then headed out the door where I walked her to her car. 

As I stood there giving her details of where and when I play tennis, I ran my hand down her thigh until I reached bare skin and then moved my hand up the inside of her leg. She parted her legs slightly allowing me easy access to her cunt. When I felt her pussy, I worked a finger into her cunt; she did not flinch even though we were in plain sight of anyone walking by. She took a hold of my hand forcing my finger even deeper in her snatch as she said, “I wish I had time to take you back inside and let you fuck me again. You make me so hot!” She pulled my hand from her snatch and offered my finger to me to suck on, I did and said, “Uh, you taste so good, I would love to get down between your legs and eat you out, suck your pussy lips into my mouth and suck every drop of cum out of you.” 

She gave me a kiss and got in her car. I said, “Do you always go to work not wearing any panties?”

“Most the time I wear a thong, but many times I don’t wear anything. This way when I take my first pee break, I can think about last night and freely masturbate. It feels so good. I sometimes play with myself at my desk if no one is around and I feel safe. I’ve masturbated at my desk a few times when I’ve been extra horny. Could happen today, I am so hot for more fucking, I love parties like last night and especially that you came.” She winked and sped off. I was left wondering if she gets laid at work, what a hot slut she is.

About two weeks later Marcia came to one of my tennis matches. It turned out to be one hell of a sexual encounter that lasted the whole night and into the early morning.  A few days later when we ran into each other, Marcia told me that she could hardly remember what happened that day and night, it happened so fast. I told her that I remembered every detail of how hot and nasty of a slut she was. She then asked me to tell her what I remembered on that fateful day.  

So here is what I told her:

It was a hot summer day for my tennis match at the local club. It was a doubles match in which the three other guys were all buddies of mine. Near the end of the match, I noticed you sitting in gallery. You were wearing a low cut blouse showing off your cleavage, a short skirt to reveal your sexy legs and a pair of high heels. I was thrilled to see you and nearly lost the match thinking about you.  When the match was over you met me at courtside, you looked ravishing. We hugged each other and you whispered in my ear, “You looked great out there on the court, I love it that you are so sweaty, can we go somewhere so I can take advantage of your sweaty body. I have all afternoon to kill.”

I looked around and saw that most guys on the other courts had finished their matches and were leaving the club. I took you by the hand and we went into the men’s locker room. I led you into a back corner playing with your ass as we walked.  I had my hand deep in your crack and discovered you were not wearing any panties to my absolute delight. I backed you into the corner and pressed my body against yours with my hands on your ass cheeks, my hard cock was pressed against your snatch. We passionately kissed as my hands fondled your ass. I sat down on a bench saying, “Remove your blouse you hot Latin slut, I want to see and lick those beautiful and luscious tits of yours.” You unbuttoned your blouse letting it fall to the floor and your gorgeous tits were there for me to enjoy. You then leaned down placing your left tit in my open waiting mouth. I sucked on your tit using my tongue to play with your nipple. You then removed your left tit from my mouth replacing it with your right tit. I was sucking it while I reached down between your legs to find you pussy. Your cunt was already wet and I was able to immediately find your juicy slit. I began to finger your hot cunt while at the same time devouring you delicious tits. 

Just then my tennis partner stuck his head around the corner saying, “What’s happening over there?” With your tit still in my mouth, I glanced in his direction not wanting to take my mouth off your tit, but knew I needed to say something.

I reluctantly removed my mouth from your tit, turned my head and said, “Hey Jack, get over here and join me. I have this hot slut that loves to fuck sweaty men.” Jack approached us as I continued sucking your tits and fingering your pussy. He just stood there for a few minutes watching in disbelieve as to what was happening. After a few minutes, I pushed you away telling you to remove your skirt. You did not hesitate and when you were standing before us completely nude except for your high heels, I had you spin around so we could admire you hot sexy body. I had you face away from me and to bend over, your ass was right in front of me, I grabbed you by the hips pulling you toward me and buried my face in your ass. I licked your entire crack, sucking our cunt lips into my mouth and tonguing your ass. I pulled your cheeks apart giving me easy access to your ass and licked your hole making you squirm and squeal. I then offered your ass to Jack saying, “She has a clean ass, OK.”

Jack had sat down next to me and without any hesitation took his turn at eating your ass. He really worked over your asshole, getting the tip of his tongue in you. Our dicks were now very hard and needed attention. Jack released your sweet ass turning you around and had you get down on your knees between us.  We then told you to remove our trunks and to suck our cocks. You were facing Jack and so reached up and pulled down his shorts and jockeys. Out popped his hard cock. You took a hold of his dick and began to lick the full length of it. He then grabbed your head with both hands and held your face still while he positioned the head of his hard cock against your lips. You opened your mouth as he slid his hard cock forward. I watched his dick completely disappear between your succulent lips, his balls bounced off your chin. He fucked your mouth four or five times and then I grabbed your head and turned your face toward me. You released his cock from your mouth, reached up and pulled down my shorts and immediately began sucking on my cock. As soon as your hot lips touched my hard cock I moaned, “Oh yes you bitch, you hot cock sucking whore, suck my cock, eat me, yes, yes you slut fucking whore.” Jack sat there stroking his hard cock not believing what he was hearing. 

I told him that you like to be called nasty names. I then told you to stroke his cock while you sucked mine, which you did with a big smile on your face. After you sucked me a number of times, I pulled your face off my dick, took a hold of my cock raising it so you could have access to my sweaty balls. You were delighted and opened you mouth real wide and after a few tries, had both balls in your mouth. You were really sucking on my balls when I pulled your face away and turned your head toward Jack. He copied what I did and raised his dick so you could suck his balls. You were on your knees holding on to our cocks while switching from sucking my balls to sucking Jack’s balls. I said to Jack, “What do you think of my sluty sex toy?”

He looked at me saying, “She is unbelievable, she is a real slut, what a hot cock sucker!”

“Do you think she is nasty enough? How would you like for her to eat your sweaty ass?”

“You mean she would do that?”

“Oh yea, she will do whatever as long as it is not violent or really painful.”

“OK, I would love to have my ass eaten.” I told Jack to turn around and lean down on the bench with his ass in the air. He did just that and I grabbed you be the hair pushing your face toward his ass. You willingly moved in Jack’s direction until you had your face buried in his ass. Your tongue went to work on his crack and you began to circle your tongue around his asshole. I watched you work on his butt licking his buns and paying special attention to his asshole. I was so hard and excited, I got behind you lifting your ass up so that I could run my cock along your crack. My pre-cum oiled up your crack as I continued rubbing my dick all over your ass. I needed to feel the inside of your cunt and so I squatted a little and with very little effort, slide my cock inside your hot cunt. 

You removed your mouth from Jack’s ass long enough to look back at me saying, “Oh yea, baby I want you inside me, fuck me good, fill my cunt with your cum, I love being fucked by you.” 

You then said to Jack, “When you are ready to cum, please turn around and let me suck your dick and eat your cum. I love the taste of a hot sweaty man.” You returned to licking his ass as I reached around to fondle your tits while I slowly fucked you. I was not in a hurry for this to end and was taking my time fucking you. We continued this for some time. You were stroking Jack’s cock while eating his ass and I had straightened up releasing your tits and was fondling your ass cheeks. I was using my thumb to work over your asshole and had gotten part of my thumb in your ass and while I had all of my cock in your pussy. 

Jack suddenly said, “I’m ready to blow.” You removed your face from his ass as he turned around to face you. You immediately took him directly into your mouth and with only a couple of thrusts, he unloaded a ton of cum in your mouth as he shouted, “Oh yes you cum sucking slut, you cock hungry whore, suck my cum, eat me you hot horny bitch,”  You were like a woman in heat working over his cock to get every ounce of cum from him. You were squeezing his balls and fingering his ass to keep him pumping his cum in your mouth as long as possible. 

It was awesome to watch you suck on his dick, it brought me to the point of no return and without any warning, I began pumping my cum into your cunt and as I did, I moaned, “Oh you fucking whore, you hot bitch, you slut, you absolute cunt, you fucking piece of whore meat, yes.” 

As you felt your cunt being flooded with cum, you immediately began to press your cunt against me trying to get me inside you as deep as possible. You released Jack’s cock from your mouth and looked back at me as your eyes rolled back indicating you were having an orgasm. You mouth and lips glistened with cum and you had cum dripping off your chin. You seemed to freeze as the orgasmic sensations over took your body. We stayed in that position until the sensations subsided. You then said to me, “When you are ready to pull your cock out of me, do it slowly and let me get down to lick you clean.”

When my dick softened up I began to slowly disengage my cock from your cum drenched cunt. Once my cock was free of your pussy, you spun around and began to lick my cum coated cock. I stood there watching you suck and lick me clean, it looked and felt awesome. I then said, “You know slut, you licked Jack’s ass but you did not lick mine. So lay on your back on the bench and let my put my ass in your face.”  You released my cock, stood up and walked around the bench wiggling your ass and jiggling your tits to Jack and my delight. You look fantastic in the nude with only high heels on, you look like a real high-class hot slut. You sat down on the bench with your legs spread and as you laid back with your cunt pointing toward Jack you said, “Feel free to fuck me Jack, I love to be fucked multiple times, I love the sensation of having my cunt stuffed with cock meat, so go for it.” You then laid your head back on the bench while I straddle your face. I lowered my ass down until you were able to lick my ass. I remained squatted in that position as you ate my sweaty ass; I love the feel of your tongue on my asshole. 

Jack took advantage of the situation, got between your legs and went for sloppy seconds. You were moaning and groaning as Jack was busy fucking you and within minutes filled your cunt with a second load of cum. Your action on my ass had me hard again and you had reached around my leg stroking my hard cock. As Jack pulled his cock from your cunt you reminded him that you wanted to lick him clean. I raised my ass from your face to watch Jack rise up, cum was dripping from the head of his cock. You looked up and motioned for Jack to move forward toward your face. As Jack scooted forward, he wiped his cock on your body leaving a trail of cum. He then took your tits and slipped his cock between them and played like he was fucking your tits. You helped him hold your tits around his cock as he rocked back and forth. He then moved forward enough for you to take him in your mouth. You reached around his butt and pulled him forward enough so that you could get all of his cock in your mouth. You were really sucking him off again as we all heard someone say, “What the hell is going ON!”