 Both Jack and I looked in the direction of the voice to see four guys standing between the lockers watching the action. I said, “Hi guys! What we have here is a hot slut that likes to suck and fuck sweaty guys, want a piece of the action?”  

The guy supporting a definite hard-on said, “Well, that sounds inviting, but what does this slut look like. From here her cunt looks very hot, but what does her ass look like.” Jack removed his dick from your mouth and stepped aside as I helped you sit up. I then had you stand up on the bench so they could get a good look at you. You walked down the bench toward them totally nude with only high heels on and cum dripping from your pussy and chin. When you got close, you spun around bending over so they could get a great shot of your ass and pussy. 

As you looked at them from between your own legs, you watched for their reaction which was ‘show me more’!!!. You then walked up close enough for them to touch you saying, “Hi guys, if any of you guys want you cock sucked or you just want a hot fuck, I’m here for you. Use me any way you want as long as I get well fucked and lots of cum to eat.”  As one guy reached up for your tit, you placed your hand on top of his making sure he squeezed your tit firm enough. 

Another guy reached between your legs, which you parted slightly and started to play with your cunt. You said, “That’s it guys, I’m yours, do me any way you want, suck me, fondle me, eat me or fuck me in any hole. Just give me all your cum.”

The guy with is finger in your cunt looked over at me saying, “Is she for real?”

“U bet, and what she likes best is to suck and lick sweaty cocks, balls and asses, so why don’t you guys drop your shorts, bend over and let her pleasure your asses.” Two guys had their pants down in a jiffy and while standing side by side, bent way over. You stepped down off the bench, went over to them and first reached down to stroke their hard cocks and then you leaned forward and began to lick the first guy’s ass along his entire crack.  You then turned your head and licked the second guy the same way. 

They both moaned, “Oh yea baby, lick my ass, eat me.” You moved your face back to the first guy and this time started to lick his balls, then pushed your face into his ass and sucked his balls into your mouth. 

One of the guys watching the action exclaimed, “Look at her, she sucking his balls right into her mouth, oh man what a nasty slut. I want some of that action.” 

Meanwhile the guy that had been initially fingering your pussy got behind you placing his hands on your hips and raised your ass a little. He first rubbed his cock along your crack and then he slipped has hand between your legs and fingered both your pussy and asshole. He was slowly finger fucking your ass when you released the balls you had in your mouth, turned your head and said, “Honey, I love having your finger in my ass, it really feels good, but what I would really love is to have your hard cock stuffed in my pussy. I need more pussy fucking right now while I’m eating these guy’s asses. You can fuck my ass later, you ALL can fuck my ass later.” 

You returned to sucking and licking the balls of the second guy as he moaned, “You fucking bitch, eat me, suck on me, lick me you nasty filthy slut, get your rocks off eating my ass then I want to fuck your brains out.” 

The guy behind you squatted down a bit to get his cock at the entrance of your cunt. You were still dripping cum from your pussy and so he had no trouble getting his cock inside you. He immediately began humping your cunt causing your face to be bounced into the ass crack of the guy you were eating. 

The fourth guy was feeling left out and so he got close enough to fondle your tits with one hand while he stroked himself with the other. Jack and I stood back watching you alternately eating the two guy’s asses, being fucked by the third guy while the fourth guy was fondling your tits.  It was a sight to behold. The guy in your pussy suddenly said, “Here she blows, I’m gonna fill up your pussy, slut, with some real tasty cum, just hold still while I unload my seaman inside you.” 

You released the balls you had in your mouth, turned your head saying, “No no, I want your load in my mouth, I love cum, I want to eat you, please let me suck the cum out of your cock, let me taste you!” He pulled his cock out of your cunt as you spun around immediately taking his cum coated cock in your mouth and began to deep throat him. The guy that had been fondling your tits took advantage of your now free ass, got behind you and slid his cock inside your cunt. Since your mouth was full and you could not speak, you motioned with your hands that you wanted him to fuck you hard. He was not going to disappoint you and really began banging your pussy. You were taking a big hard cock in both your mouth and pussy and obviously loving it. 

Both guys unloaded their cum loads in your mouth and pussy within minutes to your delight. You had both hands on the cock and balls that was in your mouth and you were sucking as hard as you could to get every drop of cum he had. The guy who was fucking your pussy was just rocking back and forth with his cock still engaged in your cunt enjoying the feelings, he was also fondling your tits. 

When he began to disengage his cock from your cunt, you released the cock that you had in your mouth and turned to the guy who had just been fucking your cunt and said, “I want to suck and lick the cum from your cock sweetie, and when I’m done…” you turned your head toward the other two guys and continuied, “... I want you two guys to take their places, one cock for me to suck on and the other cock stuffed up my pussy.” 

You immediately got down on your knees to clean off all cum from the guys cock, his cum, your cum plus any other cum that had been unloaded in your twat. 

We all watched as you made a show out of licking and sucking this guy. You took his entire cock in your mouth, licked the full length of his hard dick many times, then licked and sucked his balls, taking his balls in your mouth and making loud sucking noises. The finale was you shoving your face between his legs to lick his asshole. You ran you tongue along his crack and played with his asshole with the tip of your tongue. By now all the rest of us were supporting really hard cocks. 

After you finished eating the guy’s ass, you got down on all fours with your ass in the air saying, “I’m ready guys, give me your cocks and your cum, I want to feel your hard cocks inside my pussy and I want to taste your cum. Now get down here and fuck this slut’s pussy like you never fucked before, use me, abuse me, just don’t hurt me.” 

Well, they did not waste any time and had their cocks in your mouth and cunt fucking you like mad. The guy who had his cock in your mouth was moaning, “Oh man, this slut is too hot, what a bitch, I need her for my fishing buddies, she is one hot nasty slutty bitch. I have never seen anything like it, yes baby, your a cock hungry whore, you fucking slut, just suck me dry, suck every drop of cum from me, I want you to have it all.” 

At this point you took his entire cock down your throat as he began to pump his seaman in you while you held your mouth still to give him maximum access to your throat. He returned the favor by slowly fucking your face shooting cum down your throat on each down stroke. You had a hold of his balls massaging them with one hand while you fingered his asshole with the other. He was loving it and yelled very loud when he began to pump his big load of cum down your throat. He had reached around his butt to take hold of your hand to shove as much of your fingers into his ass as he could. You had three fingers well up into his ass. 

When he pulled his cock from your mouth, he wiped his cock all over your face while you tried to chase his cock with your tongue, hoping to get another taste. The guy fucking your pussy meantime pulled his cock out of your cunt and had you spin around and take him in your mouth. You opening took his cock in your mouth and began to suck his hard cock. 

I could not resist any longer and with your ass and pussy free, I got behind you and when I saw your juicy cunt over flowing with cum, I first leaned down to lick your juices, I licked both your ass and pussy. I got a mouth full of cum directly from your dripping snatch, ohh it was so good. I then held my cock at the entrance of your cum drenched cunt and without any resistance, shoved the entire length of my cock in your cunt in one shot. Oh what a great feeling, but your were so juiced up there was very little friction and I needed to feel a tight hole. 

I said, “Baby, I need to fuck your ass, I want my cock inside your sweet tight ass.” At that point I leaned back and began to work my fingers in your ass. You were cooperating and pushing your ass against my hand to help get my fingers deeper inside you. Wow, were you hot. I removed my fingers to see that indeed your asshole was enlarged, so without any hesitation, I move my cock head to the entrance of your ass and with a little steady pressure, my cock eased into your anus. 

I held still for a moment or so until your asshole adjusted to my cock and when you were ready, you removed the cock from your mouth, turned to me saying, “Oh yes, fuck my ass Chuckie babe, fuck me hard, load my butt up with your cum, hammer me, oh yes.” 

I did not disappoint you and began to fuck you as hard and deep as I could while yelling, “You cunt whore, you cock hungry bitch, you nasty slut, you fuck mate, you hot bitch, your ass is mine slut, your're my fuck slave today, I want your ass.” I had a hold of your hips hammering my cock deep inside your ass totally obvious to what else was happening. When I finally came, I did not hold back and unloaded every drop deep inside your bowels. Wow did it ever feel good to unload in you; your asshole seemed to have a tight grip on my cock and really drained me. 

I fell back exhausted and when I looked up, I saw another cock immediately being slid into your asshole as you beckoned for more fucking while sucking on two cocks. I just sat back and watched the five guys take turns fucking your every hole with total encouragement from you. When some guy would remove his dick from your ass, you offered your pussy, begging for it to be fucked again. After each guy had given you two or maybe some did three loads of cum, they became spent and headed for the showers. Finally it was only you and I sitting on the bench, both very tired. You still looked hot, your hair was messed up and had spots of cum in it, your face was shinny from all the cock you had licked and rubbed on your face, you had cum smeared on your tits and pussy, and cum was oozing out of your ass.  

I suggested that we take a shower and get some dinner. You followed me into the shower and we leisurely soaped up each other and spent a lot of time cleaning one another. 



After dressing, we left the locker room and headed for my car. You had called your hubby to have him join us at a hot bar I told you about. You really looked hot with your short skirt, tight blouse and high heels. Your legs looked so sexy I could not keep my hands off your ass as we walked across the parking lot. I slipped my hand under your skirt and squeezed your bare buns and ran my finger up and down your crack as we walked. When we got to my car, I opened the door for you and when you stepped inside and sat down, your skirt rose up revealing your bare pussy. 

I leaned in giving you a big kiss and lowered my hand down to your crotch. I slipped my middle finger inside your cunt saying, “You are the hottest and easiest slut I’ve ever met. I love to feel your cunt, ass and tits and I especially love to fuck you. Watching you today eagerly wanting to be fucked is a real turn on. Later tonight I’m going to eat you, I’m going to have you spread your legs wide so that I can lick your pussy and ass. And after you have been fucked by many men. I’m going to suck all the cum from your holes and bring you to a fantastic orgasm for everyone to see. Then I’m going to have you suck and lick my cock, balls and asshole until I cum in your mouth. Does that appeal to you?” You nodded yes as I continued to finger your cunt; I kissed you again having my tongue in your mouth while my finger was buried in your cunt.

You were holding my wrist tight against your crotch with my finger still deep inside your cunt saying, “Oh master, that sounds so exciting. Yes I want you to eat me and suck the cum from my ass and cunt and I want to eat and suck your cock for everyone to see.”

I shut your door and went around to driver’s side and got in. I then tell you to open your blouse so I can suck your tits. You willingly unbutton your blouse exposing your beautiful tits to me. I turn my head and suck on your left tit as I reach down and insert my finger back into your wet pussy. You have one hand on the back of my head holding my face firm against your tit and your other hand is holding my wrist tight against your cunt. You are saying, “Yes master, finger my pussy, make me cum.” 

I push my head away from your left tit and move over to suck in your right tit. At first I suck real hard pulling on your tit as hard as I can. I then bite your nipple making you scream. I use my tongue to play with your now very hardened nipple while I repeatedly ram my middle finger deep into your cunt. I then pull my finger out of your cunt and attempt to slide it down your crack. You simultaneously raised your ass up a little so I can reach your asshole. I wiggle my finger and without too much trouble, the tip of my finger slides inside your ass. I then removed my face from your chest and looked you right in the eye saying, “You fucking slut, your are so fucking easy, you whore, you cock sucking cum eating whore.” 

I then spit in your face before I lower my head down to your lap. You eagerly spread your legs wider and raise your ass a little higher so that I can get my mouth over your cunt. I begin to suck your pussy lips into my mouth while my middle finger slips even deeper into your ass. 

You moaned saying, “Yes master, eat me, finger me, do what you want with me, oh yes, I love having your finger up my ass almost as much as I like having your cock in my ass. Oh yes, suck my cunt, eat me, play with my clit, I want to cum in your mouth.” You were rolling your hips in order to get my finger deeper in your ass and grind your pussy into my mouth. I remained in this position until I felt you stiffen up just as another orgasm over took you. I aggressively sucked on your cunt to get all the cum juice I could. 

You only had a small orgasm giving me just a taste of your love juices, it was enough though, I love eating you. When you relaxed you said, “Oh master, I want you to fuck me, I want to feel your cock inside me and have you cum in me. I need you in me, deep inside me.”

I removed my face from between your legs saying, “Marcia, I need to restrain myself because if I don’t, I won’t have anything left for this evening. I want to be able to fuck you long and hard before the night is over. But I know you need cock real bad and we have time before dinner, let’s go find you a quick fuck or two, OK?”

“Yes master, I need more cock, I want more cock, I want to suck cock and eat cum, lots of cum.”

“OK, let’s head for downtown and we’ll find you some cock.” I started up my car and we headed for town. You looked so sexy sitting there with your blouse unbuttoned exposing your tits and your legs slightly spread. What sexy legs you have, I could not resist rubbing them and playing with your pussy as we drove.

I went to the seedy part of town and began cruising the streets. After only a couple blocks, I saw two old guys sitting on a bench right next to an alley. I turned into the alley and stopped, then motioned for them to come over.  One guy got up and walked over to my car. He leaned down to look inside at us, but his eyes never go further than starring at you sitting there with your blouse unbuttoned and your legs slightly spread revealing your bare cunt. The window was down and I said to him, “Hey buddy, how would you and your friend like to have this hot slut suck your cocks and then fuck her? She is hot for more cock before dinner. Just ask her.”

He said to you, “Is this true, you want to suck my cock and then let me fuck you?”

You took his hand resting on the car door and placed it on your tit saying, “Yes sir, I want to suck and lick your cock and balls and your friend’s balls. Then when you both are ready, I want one of you to fuck me while I suck the cum out of the other one. Do you think you guys can do this for me?”

He said, “Yea but not right here.”

Just then his friend approached the car and I said, “Lets just go down the alley a little ways and get it on.” The guy backed away and I eased the car down the alley a few feet. The two guys followed. When I stopped I had you get out so the guys could get a good look at you. I spotted a bench along the wall and told you to go over there and stand on the bench. You did and both guys followed you. You removed first your blouse and then your skirt saying to them, “Guys, I am yours to use as long as you let me suck and eat your cocks, balls and ass.” 

They both latched onto your tits, each taking one and sticking it into their mouths. You placed a hand on the back of each guy’s head and held them tight against your tits saying, “Oh yea, suck my tits, bite me, lick me, but don’t forget my pussy, it needs attention too.” They were really sucking on your tits while they groped your legs and began to play with your pussy. 

You finally said, “OK guys, it’s my turn to play with you.” They released you as you stepped down off the bench; you turned to the first guy and began to unzip his pants. His pants fell to his ankles and since he was not wearing any shorts, his hard cock was sticking straight out which you immediately took a hold of and began to stroke him. The other guy unzipped his own pants and let his pants fall to the ground. You got down on your knees and began to play with both cocks, licking them and sticking them in your mouth. You took the first guy’s cock, pushed it up so you could get access to his balls. You leaned down turning your head and took his entire balls in your mouth. You released his balls and turned to the second guy and repeated the process on him. 

You did this to each guy a couple times, then you told the first guy to place one leg up on the bench. He did which then allowed you better access to his ass. You licked him along his crack and then used your tongue to play with his asshole. You pulled back your head taking his balls in you mouth again, them moved your mouth up along his dick until you reached the head of his dick and then plunged your mouth over his hard shaft taking his entire dick down your throat. You bobbed your head up and down his cock to his complete delight. 

You released his cock turning your head toward the second guy and did the same to him. This time you spent more time licking his asshole. At one point saying, “Oh shit you taste so good, I love the smell of a sweaty ass.” 

After you finished eating the second guy, you stood up saying, “OK guys, lets get it on!” You looked at the first guy and said, “I want you to fuck my pussy, I want to feel you load me up with your sperm, I want you to fuck me like the slut I am.”

You then told the second guy to lie down on the bench and spread his legs. He did and you bent over and began giving him his best oral sex he ever had. The first guy got behind you and without any ceremony, began fucking your cunt doggie style. He said, “You fucking slut, you are the hottest cunt I’ve had in years, you are the nastiest cunt I ever fucked.” 

He slapped your ass a couple times. You released the cock in your mouth long enough to say, “Harder, slap my ass harder.” The guy did, in fact he left red marks on your ass as he continued to fuck you and slap your ass.
