 As soon as you walked into the room seeing only the four guys, you said to your hubby, "Oh sweetie, why don't you see if there are any more guys out there that would like to fuck me, the way I'm feeling tonight, it will take a lot of cocks to satisfy me, at least 9 or 10. I am really horny and need a lot of hot nasty sex." Your hubby smacked you on the ass and turned to go out and recruit more cocks for you.

You walked up to the table where the four guys were sitting and said, "Guys, if you can't tell by now, I am really hot to trot, no holes, pardon the pun, barred. I want to have hot nasty sex, I want you guys to use me anyway you want as long as I get lots of cum to eat. I love to taste men's cum, to suck on cocks and to have my holes filled with cum. So I want you all to feel free to fuck me hard and deep, using any hole and often. So what do you all want to see first?"

One guy said, "Get up here on the table and give us a little strip dance." That really excited you and so with the help of a couple guys who fondled your tits and ass while they helped you up onto the table. Another guy put some music on and you started to give the guys a little dance. You first stood in the middle of the table, bent over so they could all see your bare ass, you reached back pulling your ass cheeks apart and using your finger, played with yourself. You rotated so they all got a good view of your ass. You then unbuttoned your blouse and slowly and teasingly, removed it. You approached one guy bending over with your tits in his face, he opened his mouth and you shoved one of your tits in it. The guy next to him pushed him out of the way and with his mouth open, you pushed your tit in his mouth. All four guys got a shot at sucking on your tits. While you were bent over having your tits sucked on, a guy across the table had reached up to play with your ass. You wiggled your ass at him encouraging him to continue with his actions. You finally stood up and unzipped your skirt and let it fall down. You stepped out of it and pranced around the table with only your high heels on giving the guys a great show. You wiggled your ass and tits at each guy, inviting them to fondle you. To one guy that you apparently liked the looks of, you walked to the edge of the table where he was sitting and squatted with your legs spread real wide, giving him a direct and very close view of your pussy. 

You said, "Like to sample my goodies, want to lick my clit, want to eat my twat?" He smiled at you and without any hesitation moved his face between your legs and began to dine on the apex of your legs. You held his head with both hands tight against your cunt as he sucked and licked your pussy. 

The guy sitting next to him could not wait much longer and pulled him away and took his place burying his face in your snatch. You used only one hand to hold his head against your cunt while you reached down with your other hand to find his hand. You then placed his hand under your butt encouraging him to run his fingers along your crack. He did and when he rubbed his fingers across your asshole you moaned saying, "Oh yes, that the spot I want you to play with, finger my ass big guy, play with my rosebud, make me ready for a cock up my ass." 

He did as you said and played with your asshole until he had worked the tip of his finger up your ass. He was being tugged at by the next guy and when he removed his mouth from your cunt and his finger from your ass, you grabbed his hand and sucked on his finger. 

He said, "You fucking whore, your are the most nasty bitching slut I've ever come across. Will you suck my cock after I fuck your ass?"

You said, "Just fuck me in the ass and find out!"

Each guy took his turn at eating your cunt and fingering your asshole. By now your cunt was oozing saliva and pre-cum plus you were getting a little sore from all the hard sucking your cunt was receiving. 

You stood up and got off the table saying, "OK you studs, I need a cock to suck on and a cock to fuck, I want to be fucked in the cunt first and then I want my ass reamed with lots of hard cock meat." You were not disappointed, the guys leaned you over a low table, one guy got in front of you and another behind you. You took the first guy's cock totally in your mouth as he held your face, shoving his cock all the way down your throat. You gagged some but reached around his butt and were actually helping him ram his cock in your mouth. 

He really had a hold of you hair screaming, "Yes you fucking bitch whore, suck my cock, take all of me you slut, you piss eating cum sucking slut, you are the nastiest slut I've ever fucked, you are a piss ass bitch." He then spit on your head as he continued ramming his cock down your throat.

Meantime there was a guy ramming his cock meat into your cunt like there was no tomorrow. He slapped your ass cheeks as he pounded your cunt with really hard thrusts grunting each time and saying between grunts, "Take this you cunt bitch (grunt) you horny cock sucking whore slut (grunt) you piss loving whore (grunt) you asshole slut (grunt) I want to piss all over you, you cunt." As he pounded away at your cunt, he took his middle finger and began to probe your asshole until he had his finger half way up your ass. He then used two fingers to probe your asshole, then three fingers.

At one point the guy whose cock you were sucking on had removed his dick from your mouth and was wiping it all over your face. You took the opportunity to look around at the guy who was fucking your cunt and probing your asshole to say, "Yea, make my asshole ready for a big cock, I want the next guy to fuck me in the ass, I want to feel a big cock slip through my asshole and my back door filled with cum, hot juicy cum." 

You could not continue because suddenly your mouth was again full of cock as the guy in front of you began to fuck your mouth. For the next ten minutes or so, you got fucked on both ends with deep hard thrusts, each guy ramming their cocks deep inside your cavities. Suddenly the guy's cock in your mouth erupts with huge squirts of seaman, cum was dripping from your mouth even though you were trying you best to swallow his load. You yourself were approaching another orgasm as the guy fucking your cunt began to cum. Both of you climaxed at the same time, lots of cum was oozing from your cunt. 

When these two guys removed their dicks from your cavities, two other guys stepped up to take their places. Your mouth was the first to be filled. When you felt another cock slide into your pussy, you struggled to get your mouth free long enough to say, "Please fuck my ass, I need a good ass fuck." The guy grabbed your face and shoved his dick back into your mouth. 

The guy behind you removed his dick from your cunt and was pushing the head of his dick against your asshole. You assisted him by reaching back and spreading our buns and was fingering your own asshole. He watched you finger yourself and then removed your fingers and used his own to enlarge your asshole. He was able to get three fingers shoved in your ass, he then again pushed the head of his dick against your asshole and as he pushed, his dick slowly disappeared inside your ass. As soon as his dick was totally inside you, he began to really ram your ass hard. In the meantime, the guy fucking your mouth had a hold of your head and hair as he rammed his cock down your throat. You were gagging each time his dick was fully penetrating your mouth. He did not care and just rammed your face harder. You had a hold of his hips and encouraging him to face fuck you hard. You were having another orgasm as these two guys unloaded their cum inside you. Cum was dripping from your chin as you were unable to swallow all the cum being dumped down your throat. You could also feel cum running down the insides of your thighs as your ass fucker was really filling up your ass.

As the guy began to remove his cock from your mouth, you took a hold of it while also reaching around your ass to take a hold of the cock that remained shoved up your ass. You took the cock that had been in your mouth and rubbed it all over your face, smearing the remaining cum on your face. You then licked his cock a couple times before releasing his dick. You then began to slowly remove the cock that had been deep inside your ass and once his dick head popped out, and while stilling holding on to it, spun around saying, "Let me clean you off big boy, I want to taste your cum and my ass." 

You licked him all over then shoved his entire cock in your mouth and down your throat, sucking every drop of cum and ass juice from his dick. He took your head in his hands and began to thrust his dick deeper down your throat fucking your mouth until he had another orgasm and squirted more cum down your throat. You also took his dick and rubbed it all over your face.

You had no more than released his dick from your mouth and stood up when your hubby showed up with four more guys. He said, "Marcia baby, I have found four more cocks for you to fuck, and these guys are hot to trot." 

You immediately went over and sat up on a bar stool, raised up your legs revealing your juiced up shaved pussy and your asshole that was still partially open from being freshly fucked with cum dripping out of it saying, "OK guys, I want these holes filled, I want to be fucked hard and I want to suck your balls and ass. Just treat me like the slut I am, fuck me hard and fuck me deep, I want your balls empted in me tonight and I'm willing and wanting to be fucked all night long."

The first guy walked up to you, dropped his pants, pulled out his hard cock, lifted your legs so your ankles were resting on his shoulders and without any hesitation, rammed his cock in your partially open ass. You smiled at him saying, "Oh yea, give it to me asshole, I like rough sex, fuck me baby, fuck me good. Don't be gentle, just don't hurt me" You leaned against the bar using your elbows to support yourself, he then grabbed your big tits and pulled on your nipples. He really squeezed your nipples, stretching them at least an inch. You screamed a little but he did not release them, instead he firmly held your nipples as he began thrusting his cock deep inside your ass. You pleaded for him to let go of your tits but he just continued pinching them while fucking your ass. Finally the pain turned to pleasure and you began begging him to squeeze and fuck you harder. 

While you were being ass fucked, another guy crawled up on the bar and squatted above your head holding his hard dick just above your face. You leaned your head back, opened your mouth inviting him in. He bent his knees enough to get his cock down your throat and began to fuck your mouth. Both guys were really turned on and within just minutes, both guys shot big wads of cum in you. Your ass was profusely leaking cum after receiving two very large discharges of cum and your mouth was overflowing with the cum you were unable to swallow. 

You were sucking every drop of cum from the cock in your mouth while using your hand to fondle his balls and ass. When he began to pull his dick out, you grabbed a hold of it and moved him so you could suck his balls into your mouth. You then fingered his ass and while still holding his cock, moved him so you could lick his ass. When he felt your tongue on his ass he exclaimed, "Look guys, this fucking cock loving slut is licking my ass." 

He looked down at you saying, "You nasty slut bitch, your are one cum eating, ass licking whore," 

He then raised his ass up and spit in your face saying, "Your are the nastiest slut I have ever known. What other nasty things do you do?"

One of the guys who had been in the men's room with you said, "She'll suck you off just after you piss. She is a piss ass cum eating slut."

You responded, "Yes I am and I love it when guys piss on me. I love the warm feeling and seeing piss wash all over my body."

Just then you suddenly felt the cock in your ass being withdrawn and the guy sat you down on the stool and pulled your legs way up in the air. Your asshole was wide open with cum running out it. One of the new guys who had not had his turn with you yet said, "My god look at her asshole, I think she can get two cocks in there." 

He looked over at his buddy who had also dropped his pants reveling a nice big cock and said, "Want to give it try and see if we can both fuck her in the ass at the same time?"

You looked startled saying, "Oh don't do that, it will rip my ass apart."

He said, "Trust me slut ass, your asshole will accommodate two cocks real easy. Come on Joe, let's see how big her asshole gets." Joe had a long neck beer bottle in his hand, took a swig to finish the beer and then offered it to his buddy standing between your legs. The guy spit on the beer bottle and pushed the neck of the bottle in your open ass without any trouble. He shoved it in until the large diameter of the bottle was in contact with your bunghole. 

You looked down between your legs saying, "OH be careful guys, we don't want to tare anything, I'll do whatever you say, but just please ease it into me slowly." The guy worked at getting the beer bottle up your ass and from time to time stuck his finger in your pussy and scooped out some cum, he wiped the cum on the beer bottle as he slowly worked it through your enlarged asshole. 

Finally the base of the beer bottle slid into your ass with only a very small fraction of the bottle showing. He then said, "Look guys, this slut can take a beer bottle up her ass, just look." The guy had you get down off the stool and bend over so all the guys could clearly see the beer bottle shoved up your ass. 

You paraded around bent over showing all the guys your beer bottle stuffed ass. One guy took a hold of the bottle and slid it back and forth fucking your ass with it. You moaned as everybody cheered. The last guy asked you to grab your ankles, which really made your ass stick up. He reached between your legs and fingered your pussy while he stroked his hard cock. He moved up behind you and slipped his cock in your exposed pussy and began to fuck you. You moaned saying, "Oh yes, fuck me good, fill my cunt with your hard meat, I want to cum again. OHHHHHHHHHHHHH, YESSSSSSSSS, FUCK ME HARD, JUICE ME UP, OH DAM THIS FEELS GOOD!!!" The guy went into rapid fire as he pounded your cunt with lighting speed, his hips were a blur as he repeatedly thrust his cock in and out of your pussy. It was only a matter of minutes till he shot his load deep inside your cunt. 

When he pulled his cock from your cunt, you spun around and sucked his cock into your mouth and fondled his balls. When you finished sucking his cock, you said, "Thanks sweetie, I love having my pussy pounded like that and I love the taste of your cum. You can fuck me anytime, anyplace, anywhere." 

With you still slightly bent over, the guy who had shoved the beer bottle up your ass took a hold of the bottle and slowly removed it. He exclaimed, "Wow, what a gaping hole! Look guys, look at her huge asshole." All the guys gathered around to view your enlarged asshole. 

The guy with the beer bottle said to his buddy, "Joe go lay down on the bench and let this slut straddle your lap so you can get your cock inside her ass. Then I will get behind her and see if I can also get my cock inside her butt and lets double fuck her ass, OK?" His buddy moved the bench out into the middle of the floor and laid on his back, his dick sticking straight up. 

You walked over to where he was laying and first reached down to stroke his hard cock. You momentarily leaned down to take his cock in your mouth, took a deep suck and then swung your leg over his body placing your ass over his hips. You reached between your legs taking a hold of his cock and moving it so that as you lowered your hips, his cock went straight inside your ass. You rose up and down a few times showing everybody that your enlarged asshole has room to spare. You said, "OH yes, another ass fuck, just what I like. Yea, I think there is room for another cock." 

The second guy then pushed you forward making you lean down on the first guy's belly. He straddled the bench right behind you and with his dick in his hand, forced it along side the first guy's cock and without too much trouble, also had his cock in your ass. He began to fuck you while the first guy was having you rub your tits on his chest. He also was trying to get his hand between your bodies to find your pussy in order to finger fuck you. You helped him as much as possible and finally he had his finger deep in your pussy while both he and his buddy were fucking your ass. 

With all this action, a third guy getting totally worked up, walked up along side of you and grabbed you by the hair turning your face toward him. Your mouth and his hard cock were at the same level and he unceremoniously shoved his cock into your open mouth. He started to fuck your mouth without any resistance from you at all. In fact you were trying to get his cock deeper down your throat when another guy walked up to the other side of you and also grabbed you by the hair saying, "My turn slut, suck me good like that." 

The first guy released his grip on your hair letting the second guy take control of your head as he turned your face toward him as he shoved his dick down your throat. You again reached up to pull him deeper down your throat. After a half dozen deep throat thrusts, the first guy took over turning your head again in his direction and you continued where you had left off with him. In the meantime, the two guys with their cocks both buried in your ass were taking turns pumping your ass. It was quite a sight. The first guy to cum was the one standing behind you pumping his cock in and out of your ass. He moaned as he unloaded his sperm deep in your bowels. 

Just as he began to pull his dick out of your ass, the guy whose cock was in your mouth began to cum, but before he could finish ejaculating down your throat, the other guy grabbed your hair, turning your face toward him, then plunged his cock down your throat into which he immediately began cuming. You began to gag but he would not release your hair as he held your head very firmly while he thrust his cock deep down your throat as he pumped his sperm in you. The first guy who had not finish ejaculating, shot his second spurt into your hair, you quickly grabbed his cock and pulled his dick into our neck letting the remaining squirts of cum be deposited on the side of your face. When these two guys finished cuming in your mouth and on your face, they backed away leaving you lying on the guy's chest with his dick still buried up your ass. You rose up looking very disheveled, cum was all over your face with a glob of cum in your hair. 

You had a gleam in your eye as you started to ride the cock in your ass, you began bouncing up and down on the guy's cock, slamming your ass down on his pelvis yelling, "Oh fuck me, fuck my ass, fuck me good, give me every thing you got, shoot another load of cum up my ass, I want to feel my ass getting filled up, I don't care what it is, cum, piss, beer, wine, or any warm liquid, just load me up." As you continued slamming your ass up and down his cock, he reached up and grabbed your tits as the two of you put on a great show of hot action. 

One guy yelled, "Let go of her tits and let them bounce, I want to see her tits bounce up and down." The guy let go and sure enough, as your were riding his cock, your tits were really getting a work out, it was turning guys on as they watched your tits bounce around. One guy standing close to you began to slap your tits as you were bouncing up and down. You looked a little surprised at the guy slapping your tits but did not ask him to stop. He began calling you names each time he slapped your tits, "You nasty slut, you cum sucking bitch, you meat hole whore, you filthy slut, you cock sucking whore, you fuck anyone slut.
