 You returned your attention to the black cock in your mouth and were really giving him a great blowjob while fondling his balls and fingering his ass. It wasn't long before you felt a familiar sensation in your ass as the pimpled face guy starting cumin, filling your ass with his load of cum. Just as you closed your eyes to relish the sensation in your ass, Bubba firmly held your head against his crotch with his big hands as he began pumping his sperm down your throat. You just let him do whatever he wanted as you continued probing his ass as deep as possible with your finger wanting him to have a very strong orgasm to give you a ton of cum to swallow. Even though you have sucked hundreds and hundreds of cocks, you always relish the taste of cum and so you were just waiting with your eyes closed totally concentrating on the cock in your mouth, for the sensation of feeling his cock to begin to spurt his sperm. And when it was black sperm, you felt even nastier and didn't want it to stop. 

You did not have long to wait, suddenly bubba thrust his cock deep down your throat while pulling your face hard into his crotch, your lips felt his cock pulsate as his balls unloaded his jism down his rod and into your throat. This is what you loved so much, a man using you as a sex slave to satisfy his sexual needs. However, his dick was so far down your throat, you could not taste his cum. You began to frantically finger fuck his ass to keep him cumin while also trying to pull your face back in order to dislodge his cock from deep down your throat so you could taste his load. 

He let go of your head just in time for you to take his last two spurts in your mouth. You then used your free hand to take hold of his shinny black cock and pulled it out of your mouth. You looked directly up at him as you rolled this sperm around in your mouth, then with a very animated jester, swallowed his cum. You said, "I love your cum, it taste soooo good. I love the smell of your crotch. You can fuck my anytime, Bubba!"

While holding his cock, you lunged your mouth back down over his black shinny shaft, getting your face even deeper into his crotch trying to suck every drop of cum from him. You still had your finger deep inside his ass working it in and out to keep him excited. He was obviously drained, but you wanted to keep him hard so that you could fuck him again. You looked frantic as you worked over his cock with your mouth and his ass with your finger. You heard the scrawny guy remark, "Look at this slut, she just can't seem to get enough cock in her. Shit, I love women like this, what a fucking slut, she is my kind of broad. And she is really nasty, look how she is fingering Bubba's asshole. I want her to do that to me."

You continued working over the black cock with your mouth and tongue and were successful in keeping him hard. Once you sensed that his cock was not going to get soft, you released his cock from your out stretched mouth saying, "Please fuck me with this big black cock of yours, I want you to fuck me deep and hard! I love having big black cocks inside me and to feel my pussy being filled with black sperm. Oh please fuck me, please fuck the shit out of me, I want to feel your big cock pounding my pussy, I want to feel stuffed with black cock meat. Oh how I love being surrounded with hard cocks like this." 

You then looked up at the black guy saying, "After you are through fucking me and have filled my cunt with your juicy black cum, I want to lick your smelly ass, I want to eat and taste your ass, I want to tongue your rosebud, I want to lick your crack, I want to suck your smelly balls, I want to lick your cum and my juices off your cock. I want to taste every part of you, OK?" You continued while glancing at the other two guys, "I also want to eat your asses and lick your cracks and suck your cocks clean, OK? I love nasty smelly sweaty asses." They look dazed as they nodded OK.

Your nasty suggestive talking had gotten the black guy really hot as he stroked his very hard and erect cock. He even had a hard time reaching his dick because of his big fat belly. While stroking his dick, he led you over to a table and had you lean over it exposing your ass and cunt. He approached you from behind first rubbing his hard cock up and down your crack. You helped him by reaching back with both hands separating your ass cheeks so he could get his big fat cock deeper into your ass crack. Turning your head toward him you said, "Oh yea, that feels so good, I love the feel of your cock in my crack, yea, oh yea, rub my asshole with your dick, oh yea. Slide your dick into my pussy, yea, oh I can feel your dick head inside me, that's good, real good, oh yea, now fuck me hard, ram your cock in me, yea, really deeeeeeep, oh shit you are way inside me, oh yea, yea, oh your big cock feels so good inside my pussy, just fuck the shit out me, fuck me, fuck me, give me your cum, pump my pussy full of your hot juicy cum."

The big fat black guy was ramming your pussy really hard, he was actually moving the table across the room as he pounded your cunt. He grunted each time he rammed his cock deep inside you until he finally grabbed your hips with both hands holding your ass tight against his pelvis as he reached an orgasm. One could see him straining and flexing his pelvis as he began pumping your pussy full of his cum. Even though you had just previously sucked him off, he still pumped a fair amount cum up your cunt. We could all see cum begin to ooze out of your pussy and drip onto the floor. He stood there for quite a while straining his hips into you, just rocking back and forth as he came down off his sexual high. You were wiggling your ass back and forth to get maximum penetration and to enhance the sensation of being stuffed with a big cock. Finally he began to slowly remove his dick from your cunt and as he did, a steady stream of cum flowed out of your pussy onto the floor. 

As soon as you felt your pussy was no longer stuffed with cock, you raised yourself off the table, turned around and got on your knees, took a hold of the black guy's dick and shoved your mouth down over it. You locked your lips around is dick and began to suck him off while you fondled his balls. After a few minutes you removed his dick and looked up at him saying, "That was a great fuck, I'm so glad you decided to check me out and fuck me, I love big black cocks. I love to fuck um, I love to suck um, I love to fondle um, I love to see them stuffed between my pussy lips, sometimes I just love to look at um and feel um. You have a great cock, you can fuck me anytime, anyplace." 

At that point you noticed all the cum on the floor saying, "Oh, look at all that wonderful cum. What a waste."

The black guy said, "Lick it up slut. I want to see you licking my cum off the floor before I let you lick my ass." You got down on all fours leaning way down with your ass in the air and ran your tongue along the floor. The black guy exclaimed, "Look at this slut, she is licking my cum off the floor." At that point he placed a foot on your back holding you down. All the guys began to laugh saying, "What a whore, a slut, a cum licking bitch." A couple other guys who you had fucked earlier, walked over and spit on you, every one joined in and began spitting on you. 

You did not back off and savored the taste after each lick by looking up at the black guy saying things like, "I love the taste of your cum."; "Ummm wonderful."; "Ohhh so nice."; "I wish I could eat my own pussy.'; "I want you to fuck my friend Laura so I can eat your cum from her cunt."; "Better yet, I want you to fuck her in the ass."; "Ummmmmm."

As you were licking up the cum, the scrawny guy walked over to where you were bent over and began to rub your ass cheeks. You encouraged him by wiggling your ass at him saying, "Oh yea, play with me. My holes are for your pleasure." He fingered your asshole and cunt as you continued licking the floor. 

A voice in the back said, "FUCK HER, ASSHOLE!" The scrawny guy just continued fingering you and had two fingers shoved way up your ass and really working them in and out. Somebody handed him a long neck beer bottle that still had beer in it. He pulled his fingers from your asshole and immediately inserted the bottle in your ass. When he got all of the neck inside you, he tipped it up letting the beer pour inside your anus cavity. 

Once you felt the cold fluid, you turned your head to see what was happening with your ass. When you saw him tipping the bottle in order to pour beer in your ass, you grabbed the bottle and pulled it from your butt hole to the boos of those watching. You said, "My favorite drink, ass flavored beer." You lifted the bottle to your mouth and drank the beer while inserting the neck into your mouth licking the long neck with your tongue. Once you finished the beer, you reached around your butt attempting to insert the bottle back in your ass. The scrawny guy took it from you and finished the job. He was able to get about 80% of the bottle shoved up your ass. You returned to licking the Bubba's cum off the floor.

When the black guy saw that you had licked the floor clean of his cum, he ordered you to crawl over to where he was sitting. You obeyed and when you got near him he pointed his cock at you inviting you to suck him. You opened your mouth wide and pushed your face deep into his crotch. His dick was only half hard and so you got his entire cock in your mouth. He held the back of your head and began rocking back and forth attempting to get his dick deeper down your throat. He released your head and you pulled your mouth free saying, "I want your ass, I want to taste your sweaty ass and balls. I want to lick your crack." 

He responded, "First I want you to suck me hard again, I want to feel your hot lips on my dick and feel you suck the cum out of my cock you slut." You were not going to refuse an offer like that and immediately began sucking him off. You fondled his balls and played with his asshole while you tongued and sucked his big black cock. To your surprise and I think his too, within minutes, you were entertaining another mouth full of his delicious cum. You held each squirt of cum in your mouth for a few seconds before swallowing. When the black guy stopped cumin in your mouth, you slowly pulled your mouth free of his dick and then ran your tongue along the under side of his dick. With his dick becoming soft, you took a hold of it and raised it so you could get access to his balls. You pushed your face into his crotch to get his balls in your mouth. After a few minutes you removed your face from his crotch saying, "I want to eat your ass, I want to taste your smelly sweaty ass."

He got up off the chair and got down on all fours on the floor, his big soft cock hung down along with his big sagging balls. You crawled over to where he was and began to lick his crack. You shoved your face in his ass crack and began tonguing his asshole. He needed some good cleaning and you were the one to do it. You pulled your face back and ran your hands all over his balls cock and crack. You held up your hands to show everyone how sweaty they were. You took your hands and rubbed them all over your face and then licked them. Everybody moaned in disbelief. You then turned your face toward the black ass in front of you and continued eating the black guy's ass. The guys in the room started to call you names, "Slut, meat hole whore, filthy bitch, cum sucking slut, etc." 

One guy said, "I need to piss and I want to piss on her. She is such a slut, I can't believe it. What a nasty filthy slut." 

The bartender over heard him and yelled, "No pissing in this room, take her outside and piss on her."

They all responded, "Ok, lets get her outside." 

The scrawny guy said to Bubba, "Get up and lets go outside in the back. Make her crawl all the way."

Bubba quickly moved forward freeing his ass from your mouth. When you started to move forward to get your face back in his crack, he said, "If you want to eat my ass some more, you have to follow me outside on your hands and knees slut." He got up and began to walk toward the door. You started to follow him on your hands and knees. 

The guy who had to piss looked around to make sure the bartender was not close and holding his cock real tight, began to dribble piss on the floor as he walked toward the back door. He said, "Lick up my piss slut, if you want anymore cock tonight."

You hesitated not really wanted to do it, but when Bubba saw you stall, he said, "That goes for eating my ass too, bitch. Lick up the piss slut, or no ass eating." You moved in the direction of the piss dribbles and began licking your way to the door. What a site, you on your hands and knees licking the floor, still with the beer bottle stuck up your ass. As you crawled by a couple of guys, they spit on you, one guy put his foot on your head holding you down making you lick one area over and over while calling you names, "Piss ass slut, whore, meat hole cunt, ass licking cunt."

He released your head and you continued out the back door where Bubba and the piss dribbling guy were waiting for you in the a large patio used for outdoor parties. The pissing guy said, "Get over here slut, so I can piss on you." As you crawled over to where he was standing he said, "Lay on your back slut and spread your legs." You reached around your butt to remove the beer bottle and then rolled over on to your back lying before the guy and Bubba spreading your legs real wide. The guy stopped squeezing his cock and the piss began to flow. He aimed his piss stream first at your tits and then worked his way down your belly. 

As he began to piss on your crotch, he said, "Pull your pussy lips apart, I want to piss in your cunt." You reached down pulling your pussy lips apart revealing the pink insides of your cunt. He had walked around so he was standing between your legs and aimed his cock at your open pussy. He was pissing straight into your cunt. As you watched and felt the warm piss on your crotch, the thought occurred to you, "I wish Laura was here and some guy had just fucked her and this guy was pissing on her cunt. Then I go down on her and eat her piss drenched cum fill cunt. That would be so hot and if I was lucky, some guy would be fucking me while I ate Laura."

As the piss stream began to dwindle, he moved up toward your head and last drops of piss landed on your face. You licked around your mouth trying to get all the droplets of piss that had landed close to your mouth.

When he finished pissing he said, "Any more takers, anyone want to relieve themselves on this slut before we take her back inside and fuck the shit out of her." Two guys stepped up with their cocks in their hands and immediately began pissing on you, one on each side of you. They told you to hold your cunt open again, which you did. They pissed mostly on your pussy and tits. When you saw them move toward your face, you shut your eyes opening your mouth and stuck out your tongue. They tried to get as much piss on your tongue and mouth as they could and when the last droplet of piss landed on your face, you used your tongue to lick up anything around your mouth. 

When you opened your eyes, you saw one guy standing directly above your face holding his dick trying to get another drop of piss to land in your mouth. You reached up to take a hold of his cock trying to pull him down so you could suck his dick. He got down on his knees letting you have his dick to suck on. You raised your head tilted it back and took his entire cock in your mouth. He exclaimed, "What a piss hungry slut, your are the nastiest, filthiest slut I've ever had contact with." He spit in your face and got up.

Bubba then squatted over your face to your delight and you began where you left off and began licking his ass again like it was a pop cycle.