 You felt totally humiliated, lying there for all to see, totally naked eating some black guy’s smelly ass after being pissed on, spit on and had to lick cum and piss off the floor plus you had actually swallowed some piss. Being humiliated like this really turned you on, you could feel your pussy getting juiced up and at one point you pulled your head free of Bubba’s ass, turned to the guys saying, “I need my ass and pussy fucked some more, I need to feel some meat in me, please fuck me, I really need another good fuck.” 

You retuned to eating the big black ass and with the burning desire between your legs, reached down and began playing with your pussy and rubbing your clit. You were working two fingers in your pussy while frantically working your tongue in the black guy’s ass. 

The pimpled face kid had gotten another hard on watching you and knelt down between your legs, pulled your fingers out of your cunt, and was about to plunge his hard cock in your pussy when some guy yelled, “Don’t fuck that slut’s cunt without a rubber you fool, she is nasty, really nasty.” He handed the kid a rubber who put it in on as you impatiently played with your cunt begging to be fucked. As soon as he had the rubber on, he pulled your hand away, and plunged his cock inside your pussy. He was like a mad man, fucked you like a rabbit with short hard fast thrusts. He did not last very long at all and by this time Bubba had gotten tired of squatting and had gotten up. 

The pimpled-faced kid froze as he had an orgasm with his pelvis twitching as he emptied his cum filled balls into the latex sheathing covering his cock. He then slowly pulled his cock out of your pussy with the rubber still attached having a bubble of cum hanging from the end of his semi-hard dick. Your eyes lit up when you saw the bubble of cum and before the kid could remove the rubber from his dick, you sat up and said, “Let me take care of that for you.” He looked curiously at you as you scrambled to your hands and knees, opened your mouth as you moved closer to him taking his rubber-covered dick directly into your mouth. You closed your lips around his dick and gradually pulled your face away.  When his dick reappeared, he was no longer wearing a rubber, it was in your mouth. You worked it over like you were chewing gum and within a few seconds, you pulled it from your mouth free of any cum; the guys all cheered. 

You then leaned down taking the pimpled faced kid’s cum covered cock in your mouth and began to clean him off. You had him lay on his back as you continued cleaning his dick and then moved down to balls and ass. You licked all over his ass and balls, giving everyone a great view of your tongue action. You used your thumbs to spread open his asshole while you licked and stuck the tip if your tongue in his ass. Everyone cheered as they watched you play with his ass. This action caused him to have another erection, which you wasted no time in getting your mouth over his cock. You began to give him another blowjob as all watched you continue your cock hungry action. 

Your cunt was aching for more action and so you released the cock in your mouth long enough to begin to beg for someone to fuck you again. Your hubby who had been watching all this time said, “This is the hottest I have ever seen her to be, what a slut wife I have. Please someone, give her another fuck, I want to see more hard cock pumped into her. I want to see if we can fuck her silly.” He did not have to wait long as the scrawny guy got behind you and without any ceremony, slammed his cock in your cunt. 

The guy who had given the pimpled face kid a rubber offered the scrawny guy one who responded, “I don’t give a shit, I want to feel her cunt and pump my juice in her good and deep. Then I want her to lick me clean.” He was really horny and was slamming your cunt really hard and fast while you continued your ass licking of the pimpled face kid. 

It wasn’t long before you and the scrawny guy were both having an orgasm, he was sweating profusely as he gave your cunt short hard thrusts while you were pressing your ass back into his pelvis to get maximum penetration of his dick.  He held your hips tight against his pelvis as he pumped his last drop of cum in you just as you released the pimpled-faced kid’s ass from your intense ass licking. You just remained still for a few seconds as you came down off your orgasm high. You turned your head to look at your fucker to see his sweat; you knew if he had sweat on his forehead, he would have lots of sweat between his legs. 

As he pulled his cock out of your snatch, you spun around and immediately grasped his balls. You exclaimed, “Oh how nice and sweaty you are, I love sweaty men. Do you mind if I lick away all your sweat and suck on your asshole?” He just nodded OK as you stuck out your tongue and began to lick his crotch. First you licked his balls and his crack between his ass and balls. You then went to work on his buns and all around his asshole. Once you had licked away his sweat, you placed your lips against his asshole and it looked like your were kissing his ass. You probed his ass with your tongue and then moved down his crack and mouthed his balls. You ended by sucking his cock three or four times.

While you were eating the scrawny guy’s ass, the car-parking valet had shown up and was sitting watching the action. The guys had filled him in on all the things you had done, the cock sucking, ass eating, cum and piss licking, and of course the multiple fucks you’d taken in your ass and cunt. He sat there stroking his big cock watching you in action. When you noticed him you immediately perked up knowing that there was a fresh cock to fuck and when you saw how big his cock was, juices were again flowing in your pussy. 

You walked over to where he was sitting and gave him a full frontal view of your pussy saying, “Do you remember seeing this pussy earlier when we drove in?” He nodded yes as you continued, “I hope you came here to fuck me. I’ve fucked all these guys and still want more and your cock looks so delicious. I told you how I love black cock and I want you to fuck me anyway you want. I’ll be your sex slave the rest of the night. What is your desire?”

He told you to lie down and spread your legs. The kid did not hesitate, moved in between your legs, place his big hard cock at the entrance of your pussy saying, “OK slut, are you ready for this monster, want another load of juice up that piss soaked, cum filled twat of yours?”

“Oh yes, I can’t wait for you to fuck me with that beautiful big cock of yours, I’m soooo ready for your cock to be inside me, I love big cocks, especially big black cocks, yes fuck me, just fuck my brains out, fuck me silly. And when you are done fucking me, I want to suck your big cock, I want to lick and suck your sweaty balls and ass, OK?” The kid had his big cock completely inside you in only a couple of thrusts and began to bang you hard and deep. You laid there looking up straight at him begging him to fuck you harder and deeper, which he did. He was like a machine, pumping his dick in you like a jackhammer. You had your legs wrapped around his back pulling him deeper inside you on every down thrust; you wanted to get maximum penetration of his big cock inside your pussy. 

You closed your eyes as you had a mind-blowing orgasm just as he began to unload his cum deep inside your pussy. You screamed, “Oh fuck yes, I’m cuming and I can feel you cuming, oh this is fantastic, you are fantastic, love the feeling, don’t stop, please don’t stop, keep filling me with your black cum, I need it, I love it, fuck me, oh fuck me.” 

He finally stopped thrusting his pelvis into your snatch as his balls were being emptied. You laid back totally exhausted, but also looked totally satisfied. You did not move when the black kid straightened up pulling his cock free from your pussy and got on his feet. He looked down at you laying there with your legs slightly spread, your pussy reddened from all the fucking, your tits showed signs of being heavily worked over, you had cum in your hair, your belly and tits had stains on them from being pissed on, you looked a mess. The black kid walked over and stood above your head saying, “Still want to suck my cock slut?”

You looked straight up at him and simply opened your mouth inviting him to stick his cock in your mouth. He got down on his knees, reached under your neck to lift your head to the level of his cock while you used your elbows to support yourself. He then grabbed your hair bending your head back as he shoved his cock in your open mouth and down your throat. He treated your mouth like it was your pussy and began fucking your mouth. He was gagging you but you did not show any signs of trying to make him stop. He continued fucking your mouth showing no signs of slowing up.

As you laid there willingly taking the black kid’s cock deep in your mouth, your tits were really giggling giving everybody a great show. As we all watched you getting your mouth fucked, in walked Sam, the bartender, he exclaimed, “Shit, is she still here! Wow, how much cock can this slut take. She has been here for over three hours and every time I see her, she fucking or sucking someone. I think it is my turn to get some ass. What a slut, an absolute nasty, filthy slut. Anybody pissed on her lately?”

Some guy responded, “Yea, right after she finished sucking Bubba’a cock.”

“Well, she promised her ass to me and so I’m ready to fuck that hot ass of hers. Jamie, why don’t you take her over to the chair and have her suck you with her bent over the arm. I want her ass sticking up so I can really hammer my rod in her.” Jamie let go of your head and withdrew his dick from your mouth. He stood up and pulled you to your feet. Lead you over to the big chair and had you bend over the arm while he sat down offering his hard cock to you again. 

Sam had dropped his pants and was stroking his cock as he approached your ass. Just as he slid his cock up and down your crack, you turned your head to say, “When you finish fucking my ass and load me up with your cum, I want to suck your cock and lick your balls and ass. I love to taste sweaty asses and balls, OK.” He just nodded as he proceeded to probe your rosebud with his finger in preparation of inserting his cock up your ass. You returned to sucking off the black kid and within minutes you were experiencing some hot fucking and sucking. 

Sam had a hold of your hips and was ramming his big cock deep inside your ass, we could all see you push your ass against his thrusts and was obviously enjoying your ass fucking. The black kids cock had returned to a full erection with your hot mouth sucking him and his fondling of your hanging tits. It was not long until he unloaded a mouth full of sperm down your throat. As you were gobbling up his cum, Sam began to unload his sperm in your ass. You were receiving cum in both ends to your complete delight. 

When Sam shot his last wad of cum up your ass, he immediately pulled his cock out and spanked your ass saying, “You hot fucking slut. How can such a hot sexy looking woman be such a slut, an absolute meat hole, cum loving, cock sucking, piss drinking slut?”

By this time you had pulled your face off the blacks kids cock with cum dripping down your chin. You looked back at Sam saying, “It’s my destiny Sam, I was born to love cocks and cum.” He then pulled up his pants and told everyone that is was time to leave, he was locking up the place. 

You looked around and there was not a hard cock in the room. All the guys were totally spent except for your hubby and myself.  You looked at me with a smirk on your face saying, “I have not had the pleasure of being fucked by you this evening, so how about it? One for the road!”

Sam said, “No way, its time to end all this fucking for one night. I’ve got to get this place cleaned up and ready to tomorrow. So get your asses out of here, now!”

Your hubby said, “Lets take her home and give her a good double fuck and call it a night, OK?” I just nodded OK. The three of us headed out the door, you remained naked wearing only your high heels as we strolled through the near vacant parking lot. Before you got into your hubby’s car, you gave me a big kiss, fondled my crotch saying, “Follow us home and stay the night. Tomorrow my ass and pussy is all yours while Martin plays in his soccer game.” 

I kissed you back, squeezed your tits and gave your cunt a quick fingering, hopped into my car and followed you home. On the way home, the evening activities had caught up with you and you had fallen to sleep. When I drove into the driveway, your hubby approached me and told me that you were exhausted was done for the night. But that I could stay the night and have tomorrow while he played soccer. I agreed and spent the night. 

“Well Marcia, that is what I remember what happened that night. Does any of this ring a bell with you? And do you remember how we fucked all the next day even though your ass and pussy were tender?”

You responded, “Oh yea, I actually remember most of it, but really loved hearing you describe how fucking slutty I was that day and night. Hearing the story has my juices running. I love you Chuck, you bring out the slut in me that I really am. I’ve got to go now, hope to be with you again soon and feel your big cock inside me. In the meantime, don’t forget to email me with your stories, it makes me so hot to read how you want to abuse me. I love knowing that you want me to be an anytime, anyplace, anybody slut and help me to be just that. Take care.”