 A month had gone by before I saw Marcia again, I bumped into her at the grocery store. I saw her pushing a cart down an aisle, she was wearing a very short skirt revealing her sexy legs. I could not resist and quietly walked up behind her, reached under her skirt and rubbed her ass. Not surprising, her ass cheeks were bare and I quickly slipped a finger between her ass cheeks touching her sweet rosebud. She did not flinch but merely turned her head slowly to see who was fondling her ass. When she saw me her face lit up with a big grin saying, “Oh Charlie, it’s so good to see you. It’s especially good to feel your hand on my ass. Where have you been? My pussy has been aching for a good fuck from you.” She turned and gave me a big kiss pressing her tongue into my mouth while also pressing her snatch into my crotch. I was getting a hard on right there in the store. 

She released my lips saying, “You make my pussy juice up so quickly Charlie, when can I feel your big hard cock inside me again, my pussy is aching to be fucked again by you!” 

She then took a quick glance up and down the aisle and seeing no one, she said, “Give me a quick fingering, I would love to feel some part of you inside me.” I did not want to disappoint her and so quickly moved my hand around and between her legs, I immediately found her wet pussy and slipped my middle finger deep inside her cunt. She thrust her pelvis toward me a couple times and then I pulled my cum coated finger from her pussy. 

I raised my hand to my mouth and sucked on my finger as I winked at her. She said, “How do I taste?”

“Great as always! I love the smell and taste of your juices Marcia, you are the hottest slut I have ever known. Lets find someplace close by and get it on baby, I could really use a hot fuck right now.”

Marcia said, “We can use the Produce Manager’s office, he takes me in there regularly to fuck me and to let me fuck the fruits of his labor, if you know what I mean.”

I looked a little puzzled as she continued, “You know, I fuck his cucumbers, carrots, bananas, celery, any long vegetable he can find. His guys have had contests to see how much fruit and vegetables they can get shoved into my cunt. Many times they have stuffed my pussy with grapes or peeled bananas and then fucked me. What wild times it has been. The last time one of the guys used a whipping cream dispenser and shot my twat full of it before he mounted me. It was a strange feeling but I loved it. You know how I love getting lots of cock meat inside me.” 

I nodded yes as we walked toward the swinging doors that lead to the manager’s office. He was not there and so we just barged in. Marcia shut the door and turned giving me a big kiss while she ground her pelvis into mine. I had reached around her ass holding her tight against me, oh she felt so good. She has a great body to hug. I was hard as a rock and while we were lip locked, she reached down unzipping my pants. Once my cock was free, I shuffled back toward the manager’s chair, sat down and pulled Marcia onto my lap. She raised her skirt and leg as she straddled me and plunged her pussy immediately done onto my hard cock. I was totally inside her to the hilt on the first plunge. 

She let out a loud moan saying, “Ohhhh Charlie, I have missed feeling your cock inside me. Oh baby fuck me good, fuck me hard, give me all your cum, I want it dripping out of my cunt when we are done.” She was grounding her ass into my lap as hard as she could to make sure she was getting maximum penetration. What a slut she is. I reached up to unbutton her blouse and fondled her tits with both hands, I stuck one tit in my mouth and began to suck on it, her nipples were very erect. God I love her tits!

She began to bounce on my lap significantly increasing the intensity of our fucking. We were both sweating as our bodies were meshed together in this small warm office. I was getting close to cuming when she suddenly froze as she experienced her first climax. I was not far behind her and with all the strength I had, I was lunging my pelvis upward in short fast spurts until my rod shot its load up her snatch. I was totally spent in more ways than one. She just remained slumped on my lap, but wiggled her pussy all around like she wanted more action. It felt so good and she was so wet, but I was exhausted for the moment.

As she continued her hip action I said, “You still wanting more action baby?”

“You know me, I never want to quit. I like to fuck 24/7’s.”

I then asked her is she had ever fucked all day and night for a week. She perked up saying, “Almost. I’ll have to tell you about my latest sexual adventure. Two weeks ago on Thursday evening, my hubby got a call from an old friend who was in town with his buddies on a motorcycle holiday. They wanted to know where they could get some hot action and my hubby offered me to them and before I knew it, I was dressed in a very short leather skirt, with high heels and a tight blouse and being ushered off to meet the boys. I was excited but did not realize what I was getting into. There were 21 guys on their bikes in town for a good time and as it turned out, for three days and nights, I was to be their fuck toy. It was the greatest, they treated me like a real slut whore, made me fuck them almost constantly including the pizza delivery guys, the service station guys and a couple of other guys that I guess were just handy. I was even fucked many times while I slept.”

“What did you say? How many guys and for how long?”

“There were 21 guys with bikes, I think three pizza delivery boys, make that six guys, three guys came the last time to deliver the pizza and get some hot ass; five guys at the service station and two other guys. Oh I forgot, and one trucker. That makes a total of 35 different cocks that I fucked for over 72 hours. I figured that I got fucked well over a hundred times, more like 200 times I guess. They fucked me every way one could think of and I had many many double and triple fucks. I don’t think I spent any time at all where I didn’t have a cock either in my ass, pussy, or mouth or at least in my hand stroking some guy off. It was awesome. I licked and ate their cocks and ass, sucked their balls, and most of them were not very clean. It was great, I love the smell of a sweaty man. And speaking of sweaty men, I think that eating your sweaty ass right now Charlie, would be in order.” She raised up off my lap with my cock making a little popping sound as it pulled free of her cunt. She remained above me for a second as we both watched cum drip from her pussy lips. 

I took advantage and fondled her tits while she remained hunched over my lap. Just then the door opened and in walked the produce manager. Marcia looked over her shoulder and said, “Hi Billy. I hope you don’t mind us using your office. I just ran into Charlie in the store and could not wait to get home to fuck him.”

Billy and I nodded at each other as he spoke, “Well, it’s OK as long as I get some action sweetie. How about bending over my desk and let my fuck that sweet ass of yours.”

Marcia responded saying, “You know how I like having you fuck me in the ass Billy. But let me get in a position so I can lick Charlie’s smelly ass while you fuck me in my ass.” 

Marcia stood up, removed her skirt and blouse and leaned over Bill’s desk with her face near the edge. She said, “OK guys, I ready for some hot action. My ass is ready to be fucked by you Billy, and Charlie, get your ass over here next to the desk so I can lick you.”

Billy dropped his trousers and got between Marcia’s spread legs and proceeded to press his hard cock against her asshole. She looked back at him saying, “Honey, you need to lube up both my ass and your cock with some of Charlie’s cum that is dripping out of my pussy, OK. Just plunge your big wonderful cock into my cunt and get it all coated with our cum. Then get that jelly you have in the top draw and lube my asshole so you can penetrate your favorite hole in me.” 

She looked over at me saying, “Billy just loves my ass, he fucks my ass most every time we fuck. He also likes to shove anything long and hard up my ass, don’t your Billy boy?”

Billy just nodded yes as he was busy lubing up her ass by running his middle finger in and out of her asshole while also squirting the jell on her. She was now laying on her back on his desk holding her legs wide apart giving Billy easy access to her butt. She continued, “Two days ago, I came here just before the store closed and didn’t get home until two in the morning. Billy and his boys had me in the produce section fucking me in every position you could imagine and then after they each had a turn or two fucking me, I sucked their cocks or eat their sweaty asses for at least a half hour. Billy then had me lie on a cart with my legs spread and my knees pulled up next to my ears. They took turns fucking me with cucumbers, bananas, sausages, bread sticks, and anything else they could find that would fit in my pussy or asshole. I must have had three or four more orgasms doing this. It was awesome and they also took some pictures of me being fucked with produce and put them on the internet.” 

She paused, closed her eyes saying, “Ohhhhh Billy, I like how you are playing with my asshole right now, it feels so good baby, now just get your cock inside me, I love having you fuck in the ass.”

Billy had her adjust her ass a little so he could get his cock between her buns and then without much ceremony, he shoved his cock into her well lubed asshole. She moaned and grimaced a little as the head of Billy’s cock entered her anal opening. Her expression changed to a big smile when Billy’s cock slid all the way inside her ass with his balls resting on her buns. “Oh Billy, fuck me good, fill my ass with your cum and then let me eat you, you big fucking stud. I love tasting your cock after its been in my ass. Now Charlie get over here and let me eat your ass while Billy fucks me. I love threesomes.”

I got myself in position so Marcia was able to reach my ass with her tongue. I was really enjoying Marcia as she was licking me while looking over my shoulder watching Billy fuck her in the ass. Suddenly her face was shoved tight against my ass as Billy began ramming his cock deep inside her ass. He was like an animal, he just began to ram her hard and fast while grunting the whole time. Marcia had her lips sealed tight against my asshole using her tongue to probe me while Billy was filling your bowels with cum. God I was hard again and so I started to masturbate. Marcia took notice of me stroking my cock and immediately reached up between my legs to do the stroking herself. I just her do her thing, stroke me off while eating my ass. Within minutes I was spewing cum directly on the floor in front of me while Billy was still filling her ass with his cum. Marcia’s tongue probing my ass was giving me fantastic sensations that must have really stirred my balls because I really unloaded a lot of cum on the floor and it had only been about a half hour since I had fucked her pussy. She has a great mouth for sex, whether is sucking ones cock, balls or ass. She is also a great kisser.

As Marcia released her hold of my cock, I straightened up noticing that Billy had removed his cock from her ass and had sat down in his desk chair. Billy had obviously put a lot of energy into fucking her ass, his brow was covered with beads of sweat and he was still breathing rather hard. Marcia scooted to the middle of Billy’s desk with her legs propped up and widely spread. I had backed up and sat on the edge of Billy’s credenza, my legs felt very weak. Both Billy and I enjoyed seeing Marcia sit there fully exposing herself to us. Billy said, “Marcia I still get a lot of pleasure just looking at your sexy body, love your pussy and ass. Spread those pussy lips a little for us.”

Marcia reached down between her legs and pulled her cunt lips apart exposing the pink insides of her pussy. Cum immediately began to ooze out of her hole, it was my cum from our earlier fuck. She teasingly fingered herself playing with her clit giving out little squeals each time she touched her hot spot. She then forced four of her fingers deep up into her cunt and then leaned back on the desk as she was literally fucking herself with her hand. She then pulled her fingers free and stuck them in her mouth moaning with delight. With her hips rolled back we could see cum dripping out of her asshole from Billy’s fucking her in the butt. 

Billy said, “Marcia get over her and clean off my cock. Then I want you to lick my desk clean, you cunt whore slut. You are a nasty hot cock sucking ass licking slut. Then I want you to clean up the cum your friend dumped on the floor, and I want my floor clean, OK! Now get your ass over here.” Marcia jumped off the desk getting down on her knees in front of Billy as she took his cock into her mouth that had just been in her ass. She deep throated him before she began licking his cock clean. She reached over stroking my dick again as she clean off Billy’s. She had him raise his legs so she could wiggle her tongue down his crack toward his tight ass. He wiggled his butt letting her lick his asshole. Shit, she is one nasty slut!

When she finished cleaning off Billy’s cock, she turned and licked all the cum that had leaked out of her cunt and ass from off the desktop. She took long slow licks across the surface of his desk, never taking her eye off either Billy or me. At one point as she was provocatively leaning over licking the desk, Billy reached between her legs first rubbing her ass and then fingering her pussy. I reached over and fondled her tits, pinching her nipples until they were getting very erect. She turned her head toward Billy saying, “Are you going to fuck me again, please? I want to be fucked some more; I want more cock in me and to be fucked over and over again, please, please!”

“No I’m not going to fuck you again, but maybe I can get one of my guys up here to diddle your pussy.”

“Oh yes, please do. I want some more fucking, the more the better.” Billy looked out his window and then wrapped on it motioning to some one to come in. Within seconds the door opened and in walked two guys. 

As soon as they spotted Marcia totally naked leaning over the desk with me fondling her tits and Billy fingering her cunt, the first guy had a big smile saying, “Oh baby, you back again for some hot fucking. Wow, I remember how hot your pussy is and how you like to eat cum.” 

He then looked over at his boss saying, “Is this why you wanted us in here, to fuck Marcia again?”

“Yea, you guys have been working real hard today. Just think of her as your weekly bonus,” was Billy’s response while laughing. 

Marcia looked at the guys, raised up to give them a good view of her bare tits that I had let go of saying, “Come on guys, get around here, drop your pants and plant your big cock inside my dripping pussy. I want lots of cock today, so fuck me good, give me your juice, fill my cunt with your sperm.”

The first guy wasted no time and was behind her with his hard dick in his hand pointing it at the opening of her pussy. He very unceremoniously shoved his dick to the hilt. Marcia grimaced a little but only briefly as he began to pound her pussy. She matched his thrusts with her own to get maximum penetration. She was egging him on saying, “Yea sweet heart, fuck me good, ram your cock in me, give me your best shot, shoot me full of your sperm, your juicy hot cum, I want to feel you cum running down my leg when you are done. Yea, that’s it fuck me hard, fuck me good. Shit I love getting fucked like this, do me good.” He continued until he shot his wad deep in her cunt. Marcia looked as though she was having a continuous climax as he was fucking her. 

As soon as he was done fucking her, the second guy was right there to take his place. He had a shorter cock but it was much bigger in girth, it was rather short and stubby. He was having trouble at first in getting his cock inside her pussy as she just looked back at him saying, “Shit, get that cock of yours in me you big stud, get that stubby cock inside my cunt and give me your load of semen. Shove it in me real hard, yea, that’s it, ram it in me. Oh yes, yes, I feel you inside me, now fuck my brains out, load up my cunt, fuck me good. Oh shit this is great, just the greatest, fuck me good.”

The second guy was ramming Marcia like a machine, fucking her as hard as he could, giving her very hard long and deep thrusts. She was reciprocating by meeting his thrusts with backward motion of her own. They were like a mad thrashing machine. The action was very intense, their bodies were slamming together making very auditable slapping sounds as they each intently worked to get as much penetration of the guy’s cock deep inside her pussy as possible. Marcia suddenly let out a loud scream when she climaxed, it was as loud as I have ever heard her scream. Her screaming must have pushed the guy over the edge as immediately his thrusts stopped and he clinched his buns as he began unloading his spunk deep in her pussy. Wow, this scene was as intense as I have ever witnessed anyone screwing. When done, they were both a sweaty mass of humanity, what a sight, hot sweaty sex.

Billy had gotten dressed and was just watching one of his help finish fucking Marcia. When the action stopped, he reminded Marcia that she still needed to lick the floor clean where she had dripped cum from her first fuck. It was my cum and I was really going to enjoy watching her lick my juices from off the floor. Once the guy removed his cock from her pussy, she straightened up and walked over to where the globs of cum were on the floor. She squatted directly over the spot and began flexing her pussy muscles. More cum began dripping from her cunt from the guy that had just unloaded his juices in her. She stood there for some time milking her pussy as best she could. While squatted, the guy that had just finished fucking her reached down robbed her buns and then stuck his finger up her asshole. She said, “Thanks baby, I love it when guys can’t resist my holes and stick something in them. Yea, yea, finger my ass, it feels so good.” 

He fingered her s few more times and when he withdrew his finger, she grabbed his wrist and pulled his hand up to meet her mouth which she opened to received his finger. She sucked on his finger saying, “God I love the taste of cum and ass!” She let go of his and got down on all fours and began licking the floor in long slow licks. With her ass in the air, she looked up at the four of us saying, “Anyone want to take advantage of me in this position and fuck my ass?”

Billy said, “I’ve already had the pleasure sweetie, maybe Charlie here wants another turn at you?”

From all the action I was witnessing, I was definitely hard again. I glanced at the other two guys who motioned me to go for it. so I got behind Marcia, positioned the head of my hard cock at the entrance of her asshole and gave her a little shove. She pushed back and since her anus was partially relaxed from being just recently fucked by Billy, it did not take much effort before I found myself fully inserted in her ass. She looked back at me between licks and said, “Thanks Charlie, I knew you could not resist fucking my asshole. Give me a great ride dude, fuck me hard and deep, you know how I love to fuck.” I took her at her word and fucked her as hard and as deep as I could, I did not hold back at all and was really pounding her ass. She was responding in kind and we had ourselves an intense fuck right there. Shit she has a nice tight asshole, I had forgot how great it was to fuck her in the ass. 

When we finished we were both a sweaty as hell. She pulled away with my cock still embedded in her ass. Once my cock popped out of her ass, she whirled around and taking my cock in her mouth. She sucked and licked me a couple of times and then said, “Oh you taste so manly, I love sweaty me especially if that have just fucked my ass.” She lick my balls and along my crack until she was satisfied. I looked up to see all the guys had gotten dressed and were headed out the door. 
