 "Congratulations. You're still strong enough for sexual activity."

My doctor was smiling when he said it, but the words were painful to hear. The check up that I always get on my birthday had suddenly taken a discouraging turn. I was approaching the age where sex would be harder to perform without the help of drugs. It wouldn't be long before the sexual marathons I enjoyed dwindled down to mere minutes. How long would it be after that before I couldn't even get it up at all? Pleasing my lover wasn't really my concern. That's why God gave us tongues and fingers after all. Still, my clean bill of health came with a somber reminder this year.

This was on my mind when I reached my front door that day. I heard a giggle coming from inside my apartment and for a moment it confused me, but only for a moment. I had given my lover Diva keys to my place months ago. She often came here to relax between her dance classes and modeling gigs because I lived in Midtown. I assumed she was inside on the phone, laughing at something said on the other end. I was actually glad she was here. She wouldn't be able to empathize with my age situation since she was more than 10 years younger than me, but she would sympathize, when she wasn't making fun of me. I opened the door, deciding that a good cuddle would make me feel better. 

Diva wasn't talking to anyone on the phone. She was in my studio, sitting on my bed and wearing one of my robes. It was opened, so I instantly noticed she was naked underneath it. Under normal circumstances, that would be enough to get me excited, but this time there was more. 

Another girl sat facing her on my bed. She was wearing my other robe and just like Diva, she wasn't wearing anything else. Both of them were holding on to the vibrator I kept in the house for her. They watched me come in, both of them grinning like kids at Christmas. I don't know what look was on my face, but I'm sure it was something close to stupefied confusion. 

I recognized the other girl. Her name was Orchid. About a year into our love affair, Diva told me that she was interested in having sex with women. I encouraged her to follow through with it and she went out on her own and found this cute little Hispanic girl with dark hair, firm full breasts and a mischievous look in her eye. I had met her once for drinks a few weeks before, but she had been wearing more clothing then...

I don't know how long I stood there staring at Orchid's tits, but at some point Diva crossed the room to greet me. "Hey babe." She said with a quick kiss on my cheek as she passed me. "How was your day?" The casual nature of the question was so out of place that it snapped me back to consciousness. 

I honestly didn't even know what day it was at that point, but luckily my smart assed mouth didn't need instructions from my brain to get going. I locked my door and spoke to Diva, without ever taking my eyes off Orchid. "Honey, I thought we agreed that you wouldn't use my apartment for sex unless I was here." That made Orchid cover her smile with her hand, but Diva went about her business as if nothing was unusual about the scene. 

"We weren't having sex." She said opening my freezer and pulling out the tequila and the ice trays. "We were waiting for you to come home."

"Really?" I tried my best to sound skeptical. "You're lover is sitting with you in my bed, you're both naked and sharing the vibrator, but you weren't having sex? What exactly were you doing?"

Diva poured herself a generous amount of liquor, almost ignoring me. I fought the urge to take the bottle out of her hand, pour tequila on her tits and lick it off in front of Orchid. "If you must know, we were talking about your birthday surprise, but you've ruined it now."

"Sorry about that." I looked back and forth between them, confused. "What's the surprise?"

Orchid stood up, let the robe fall off her shoulders and pool around her feet. She raised her arms and rolled her hips as if she was jumping out of a cake. "Surprise!" 

My dick almost jumped out of my pants. "Oh my!" I pretended to be shocked, but I walked towards her eagerly. 'This is a surprise." 

It actually was. We never had a threesome before, although Diva and I had talked about bringing another girl into our sex life. When we talked dirty to each other, scenes involving another girl often crept into our speech. After she began to hook up with Orchid, Diva would take me out to dinner, reach under the table and stroke my dick while she whispered stories in my ear how they fucked. But this was still unexpected. 

Orchid hugged me innocently enough, except I could feel her stiff nipples press through my shirt and the smell of her hair made me want to bend her over and fuck her brains out. "Diva didn't know what to get you for your birthday, so we decided that I should come over and help you celebrate!"

"Really?" I repeated. My vocabulary became more limited as my brain started to shut down from over stimulation. Orchid sat me down in a chair and then slowly sat on my lap. I got a close up view of her plump ass before I got to feel it resting on my lap. She flashed me a knowing look. She could obviously feel my erection under her thigh. 

"Stop playing." Diva put the ice back in the freezer, still unfazed by the growing sexual tension. "You know you like it. You're nasty. You've probably been hoping for this for years."

"That may or may not be true my dear, but I'm just wondering how Orchid feels about it." I put my arms around Orchid's hips and looked into her eyes. Her look was playful and a little bit tipsy. I obviously missed the pre-party. "You're not uncomfortable being a birthday present?"

"No, it's cool. I know what to do. Diva showed me what you like."

"So what do I..." before I could finish my inane question, Orchid rolled her tongue out of her mouth and licked both my lips. Holding my chin in her hands, she pushed her tongue into my mouth and rolled it around slowly. I responded with a moan that came from deep in my gut. One of my hands reached up to hold her breast as we kissed. She cupped her hand over mine so we both squeezed the tender flesh and pinched the dark nipple. I could feel her hips start to grind on me. I was ready to take her.

Diva broke up our introduction. "Hold on. Wait a minute." Orchid and I pulled away from each other with a mutual gasp. Diva was standing close to us, tequila glass in one hand and a bag of chips in the other. She looked like she was ready to camp out in front of the TV for a night of reality TV. "You two move that to the bed. I want the chair. I have a better view that way."

"You have to be joking." I said laughing as Orchid pulled me out of the chair and laid me down on the bed. Diva told me she wanted to watch me fuck another girl. I didn't realize were going to be her private porn show. 

"What's the problem?" She popped a chip and raised her glass. "You can fuck the shit out of her as long as you want, but that doesn't mean I should be hungry or thirsty. I want to be comfortable." She winked at me over the rim of the glass and went back to her drink. 

"Is that what you're gonna do? You gonna fuck the shit out of me?" Orchid lay beside me, pulling up my shirt and giving me a challenging look. I returned her gaze, ready to put on a show.

"Maybe. Show me what else you know."

Yanking my shirt up to expose my chest, Orchid whipped her wet tongue over my nipple painting circles around the sensitive spot that made me melt into the bed. She sucked it into her mouth, grinding her teeth across the stiff tip with a pressure that made me whimper. When she lifted up her head and looked at me again, my eyes and my chest were moist. She had me and she knew it. 

"I told you. I know what you like." Off to the side, I heard Diva giggle. She was obviously enjoying the show.

Her hand slid down my abs. Her fingers wrapped themselves around my dick through the fabric of my pants. She stroked me, licking my other nipple with the same aggressive skill. I couldn't get my pants open fast enough. The belt and the buttons felt like a straight jacket. By the time I got it opened, I was already out of control. 

Orchid took control. With a firm hand wrapped around my shaft, she pointed me straight up in the air. Her tongue slid out of her mouth again, sliding up from the base of my dick all the way to the tip with a sweet slowness that shook my whole body. When she reached the tip, she lapped at it for a few smooth strokes before devouring me completely. My eyes were squeezed shut, but I could hear Diva's voice in my ear, pushing Orchid to perform.

"Yeah...Do it....Suck that good dick...Make it wet..."

Her head bobbed up and down with a rhythm that made my heart pound. Her mouth had a pressure that made my toes curl. My hands flailed around on the bed until one of them found her inner thigh. My hand swept upward, almost by itself, until I found the sweet space between her legs. Her pussy was already moist and the lips were ready to be penetrated. I definitely missed the pre-party. But I wasn't complaining. It was easy to slide my fingers into her and feel her muscles contract around my hand. Orchid moaned as I began to finger fuck her, coming up from my dick for enough air to scream. She didn't stop blowing me for long though. He head dipped down low and I could feel her tongue licking between my balls while her hand stroked my shaft. 

That was when Diva jumped in.

All I heard was "Fuck this." Then the chair was pushed away and her mouth was on my dick too. The hunger she pent up sitting on the sidelines was intense, because she began to suck me viciously. My hips bucked from the sudden shock of having both mouths on me at once and I grabbed Diva's hair instinctively to control her. She liked that.

"Fuck. You want some dick too baby? Show me you like this dick." She did. She let me guide her head up and down, fucking her mouth slow and deep. All the while, Orchid never stopped massaging my balls in her mouth, moaning into them and sending shivers down my legs. 

Diva buried her hand in Orchid's hair. With her pulled back and her face raised up, Orchid willingly opened her mouth and let Diva's tongue snake inside. The two girls let their tongues dance together in mid air for a moment before lowering those gyrations onto the tip of my dick. Each mouth sucked in the juices and tongue of the other girl while I was caught up in that tidal wave. It was amazing. I still think about it. I wanted to let them do that all night, but my dick was throbbing and I desperately needed to fuck...

End of Part 1

A Second Opinion Part 2

(When we last left our hero, he has come back from a disappointing medical exam to find not one but two naked women in his bed ready to help him celebrate his birthday.)

I untangled my fingers out of Diva's hair and reached for the metal condom box sitting on my night table. Diva knew what that meant. She stood up and began to pull off my pants. Orchid got up on her knees, kissing Diva's cheeks and arms and whispering into her ear as she worked. 

"I want to stick my tongue in your ass mama. You taste so sweet to me."

Diva rewarded Orchid with a slow passionate kiss as she flung my pants across the room. Just watching their lips entwined together made my dick throb. It was hard to even get the condom on. When I was ready, Diva guided Orchid by her hips until she was hovering over my erection. Diva reached down between us and tapped lightly on the girl's clit making her squirm. She licked her lover's ear as she whispered into it. "Do it just like you told me you would. Make him feel good." Then she reached lower, looking into my eyes when she grabbed me firmly and guided me into her. "Happy Birthday Baby." 

And then she let go.

Orchid lowered her hips, arched her back, and thrust her ass out. The contractions that gripped my dick pulled sounds out of me like some wild animal. Her movements were slow and deliberate. Every rise and fall of her hips held a twist and a roll that curled my toes and made me scream. She bit her lip, leaned forward and pinched her nipple for me. "C'mon Daddy. Give it to me. Show me you like it." It felt so good I thought I was going to cry.

As my head rolled back and forth in pleasure, I saw Diva standing beside us. With one leg raised on the chair, she was stroking her own clit and licking her lips. I reached out for her without thinking. I lifted her raised leg and moved it over my shoulder so she was on the bed, straddling my face and facing Orchid. I heard one of the say "Oh yeah..." as I wrapped my arms around her thighs and slid my tongue up the length of Diva's delicious pussy. 

It was like being in some kind of erotic isolation chamber. I couldn't see anything but Diva's lower lips. I couldn't taste anything but the salty sweetness of her arousal. Her thighs covered my ears so their moans sounded distant to me. The main sensation was the feeling of Orchid's pussy grinding on me. I imagined more than felt the two girls kissing and caressing and stroking each other on top of me, rocking their hips in rhythm like they were on the dance floor together or sharing a sex toy. 

I guess I was the sex toy until I decided to get aggressive. 

I decided Diva would be first. Holding my tongue rigid out of my mouth, I thrust upward deep into her moist opening. I heard a squeal and felt her jump. I kept thrusting over and over, trying to go deeper and deeper with each push, tongue fucking her and licking her clit as if I was starving for it. I could feel her body tighten. I could hear her moans get louder. Just when I thought she was ready to let go. I stopped. 

Then I turned my attention to Orchid. Pushing my heels and my shoulders into the bed, I raised my hips up into the air, impaling the girl on my dick. She giggled in surprise, but when my hips dropped to the ground and thrust back up quickly, the giggle turned into a groan. I fucked her hard, lifting her into the air several times. She dug her nails into my chest and began shouting something in Spanish. After a minute of that violent ride, Orchid fell off me and collapsed onto the bed. 

Diva slid off too and joined her lover. I was still hot and hungry for sex so I got out of bed and stood next to it, looking down at the two beautiful bodies curled up together for me. I was so hard I thought my dick would pull itself off my pelvis and burrow into them on its own. Diva looked at my body over her shoulder and motioned for Orchid to do the same. "See? I told you. Once you get him started you can't get him to stop." They both laughed.

I pulled off the condom and reached for another one. "Come here baby. Show me your ass." I said as I ripped opened the package with my teeth. Diva complied quickly and happily. This was her favorite position. Down on her knees and elbows, her juicy brown ass was offered up to me like a sacrifice on an altar. She kept pecking at Orchid with quick playful kisses. The two of them were obviously enraptured by each other. It was so cute to watch, but I needed to get their attention. 

All it took was one deep stroke that drove my whole length into Diva's delicious hole. 

"Oh shit!"

I grabbed her hips and began to nail her to the bed. Orchid sprang up on her knees and leaned her face close to our connection to get a better view. Then she looked up at me with a look of greedy lust. "That pussy is so sweet. You know how good that shit is. Give it to her." 

Her dirty words encouraged me to thrust harder and deeper. Orchid reached out and grabbed both cheeks of Diva's ass and spread them, giving me the chance to get even deeper. Diva was yelling a stream of curses at us now, stringing them together into one long deviant tirade. Then Orchid bent her head over Diva's exposed backside, stuck out her tongue and slid it up and down the crack of her ass. She left a warm wet trail as she moved that seeped down into our sex. The move surprised both of us. Diva wailed in pleasure and I slammed by hips into her, holding that position so she could feel my full length. 

"Fuck!"

But Orchid wasn't finished. She dropped a sharp slap on Diva's ass and then rose up to press her face into my chest. Her mouth found my nipple again, teasing it harshly and driving me insane. The feeling of her mouth on me started my hips thrusting again and driving Diva to start begging. 

"Don't stop Daddy. Don't stop. Fuck this young pussy. It's yours. Take it Daddy! Fuck me good. Don't stop until you come!"

Her pleas were like adrenalin to me. I dug my fingers deeper into her hips. I watched her firm ass bounce off my abs and I couldn't get enough of it. Orchid was turned on more too. She dipped her mouth back to Diva's ass, sending more spit into her crack with a sultry moan. 

I couldn't take it anymore at that point. The sights and sounds and feelings took over. I pulled out of Diva, snapped off the condom and began pumping my dick furiously over her moist ass. Diva began to shake it for me, offering me a sweet spot to come. But it was her voice that was the most intoxicating. "Let it out baby. Come on my ass. Come all over me. Please come for me. Show me you like it. Please!"

Orchid rested her cheek on Diva's ass cheek, spreading her lover's ass out and looking up at me. "Put it right here Daddy. Show me what you like." Then she closed her eyes, opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. 

A man has not seen heaven until he can look down at a perfect ass and a hungry mouth both waiting for him to nut.

I did. I don't remember it because I blacked out from the wave of pleasure. The next thing I knew, I was kneeling on the floor gasping for air and holding my limp quivering dick. Diva had collapsed on her side, laughing with thick globs of come spread across both her ass cheeks. Orchid was looking down at us triumphantly, like she just won a cage match.

"Happy Birthday!" Diva and I laughed with the little energy we had left. 

Orchid kept smiling as she ran two fingers across Diva's ass and collected a health amount of my sperm. She dangled it in front of Diva's face, still giggling. Diva tried in vain to move her head away. "Here' let me show you what you did."

"Get away from me!" But she didn't have the strength to fight back. She opened her mouth and let Orchid slowly stroke the come soaked fingers back and forth. She kept her mouth open for Orchid's kiss and the two of them folded into each other's arms. 

I tried not to look at them. I mustered up the stamina to get up, get three towels, clean the two girls up and bring them some water. Orchid was very impressed by this. "Wow. You are a gentleman."

My smart ass mouth kicked in again, even in exhaustion. 'A ménage a trios is no reason to be rude my dear." This made her laugh again.

The three of us curled up in my bed. The girls let me sleep in the middle so they could rest their heads on my chest. Just as we were drifting off to sleep, I let out a laugh of my own.

"What's funny?" Diva said sleepily. 

I laughed again. "I just came back from the doctor. He let me know I was still healthy enough to have sex!"

"Clearly" Diva smirked. "I guess you needed us to give you a second opinion."

Orchid raised her head with a mischievous look in her eye. "I don't know if we can be sure yet. Maybe we should try again later...just to be sure."

Have fun.

NYR