 We entered her apartment building and as we walked down the hall, she turned to me saying, "I'm so horny tonight, getting fucked at the grocery store and having Steve finger me has me all juiced up. I hope you are ready for a hot evening of fucking Charlie, I think I could fuck all night long." 

She suddenly stopped and just stared at me for a few seconds. Then she said, "I need to get naked, I need to shed my clothes and be just totally free." She handed me her purse and then took a hold of her blouse and quickly raised it over her head handing it to me. She stood there shaking her nice big tits at me with a great big smile on her face.

"Oh how I love exposing myself, I love having people look at my body." She then unbuttoned her skirt and let it drop to the floor. She stepped out of it and spun around totally naked with only her high heels on.

"How do I look big guy? Like my tits and ass? How about my shaved pussy? And speaking of pussy, I need another fuck really quick. I want to feel your hard dick inside me Charlie, I need to be fucked some more. I want to go to sleep tonight with you deep inside me, really deep with my pussy full of your semen, OK?"

I nodded as I watched her prance down the hall strutting her stuff. She has a great body, her tits are still quite firm with great nipples, her ass is so inviting and her legs are probably her greatest asset, really sexy. I bent over and picked up her skirt and followed her down the hall to the stairs. She preceded up the stairs with me right behind her. As she slowly climbed the stairs I reached up and began to fondle her buns. 

At one point she stopped, bent over and looked at me from between her legs saying, "Oh Charlie, I do like you so much, I love having you around. I love how you are playing with my ass right now. Before you leave tomorrow, I want you to slip that big cock of yours up my ass and pump your spunk deep in my bowls, OK? Now just keep fingering me until we get into my apartment."

I did not want to displease her and so worked my finger as deep inside her asshole as I could while we proceeded up the stairs and into her apartment. I'm not sure what I would have done had someone appeared in the hall. 

Once inside her apartment, I grabbed her and pulled her into a tight embrace, kissing her with an open mouth. Our tongues were in each others mouth as our passion increased to a fever pitch. I loved how she felt in my arms; I rubbed her bare back as we ground our pelvises together. I was getting a very large hard-on as we continued to suck each other's face. While we embraced, we shuffled over to her couch where I released her and pushed her down onto the couch, she automatically spread her legs real wide giving me a great view of her well fucked pussy.  I immediately unzipped my pants, dropped my shorts and mounted her. My cock was inside her in seconds and once I felt I was totally in, I began to fuck her deep and hard as I spoke to her, "You fucking hot slut, you are the hottest and nastiest slut in town and I love to fuck you." Hearing these words brought a big smile on her face just as she grabbed the back of my head and mashed her mouth onto mine. We were in another hot embrace as I continued pounding her pussy with my hard cock. I was driving my cock into her as hard as I could and she loved it. It was not long before we both had an orgasm; it was awesome. I flooded her fuck hole with gobs of cum that obviously mingled with her cum. We were making a very loud squishing noise each time I thrust my cock into her. Once spent we both rolled off the couch and onto the floor. 

After lying on the floor for some time, I rolled over and sucked on one of Marcia's tits. I love having her nipples in my mouth, they react so quickly getting erect. As I laid there sucking on her tit, she said, "Tomorrow is my day to go down and visit my dumpster friends."

I released her tit saying, "Oh yea, tell about you adventures with the bums. I would really like to know what you do with them. Don't leave out any details."

Marcia laid back and began her story. "Well, when I recovered from my three day fuckorama with the bikers, I went down to the seedy side of town where the bums hang out looking for cock. There were four bums sitting on buckets in a circle chewing the fat. I wore a very short skirt without any panties, a tight low cut blouse and high heels. As I approached them, they all looked at me of course giving me the once over. I was also checking them out looking for what I figured was the cleanest one. I walked directly up to him, bent over and gave him a big kiss directly on the mouth. I even tried to French kiss him. He was totally surprised but was somewhat receptive to my advance. I heard the guys saying things like "What the fuck is she doing? Who is she Frank? Shit I hope she kisses me" and things like that. I released his face and stood up looking directly down into his blood shot eyes. I said, "Would you like to fuck me?" And as I said that I raised my skirt showing him my bare pussy. He just blinked his eyes without saying anything.

I looked around the group this time saying, "Would any of you guys like to fuck me, I brought some rubbers and I would like to feel your hard cocks inside my pussy here." Pointing to my pussy as I held up my skirt while I spun around. 

One of the guys said, "Are you a cop?"

"No, I'm not a cop. I'm just a hot slut that is real horny tonight and thought maybe you guys would like some free ass. I'll fuck all of you, one at a time, two or three at a time or what ever, as long as you wear a rubber and you let me suck your cocks. You can fuck either my pussy or ass, what ever hole you would like to stick your cock in." 

One guy grabbed my leg and pulled me close to him, I willing moved in his direction until I was only inches from him. He pulled up my skirt looking directly at my bare cunt. I said, "My pussy you are looking at is yours to do as you like." He mashed his face into my crotch and began eating me. I just cheered him on holding his head into my crotch. Immediately I had fours sets of hands on my body, one guy lifted my blouse up and began squeezing my tits, another guy stuck his finger in my ass crack and began probing my asshole, the fourth guy had unzipped his pants and was stroking his hard cock. The guy eating my pussy released his grip on my cunt and stood up. He grabbed my hand and drug me over to a mattress lying on the ground. He threw me down on it. He told two of the guys to take hold of my legs and spread them. 

He then removed his pants; he of course was not wearing any shorts. He had a nice big cock much to my surprise.  I reached into my purse and pulled out a handful of rubbers saying, "Here guys, please use these when you fuck me, I am more than willing to let you fuck me as much as you want as long as you wear a rubber."

He agreed and tore open a package and slipped on a rubber. He then kneeled between my spread legs and shoved his cock into my pussy. He was not at all gentle but rammed his cock in me and then started fucking me. I encouraged him saying, "Yea, yea fuck me. Fuck me hard, ram that cock of yours deep inside my pussy, yea fuck me big guy, make me cum, oh yea." 

Before I could continue encouraging him, a cock was shoved in my mouth. I willingly sucked on whomever's cock was in my mouth. I could also feel my tits being squeezed and sucked on. I didn't care, I love being gang banged and so just encouraged them what ever they were doing to me.

The guy fucking me suddenly began to grunt; I knew he was cuming even though I could not feel anything going in my pussy because of him wearing a rubber. When he pulled his cock out of my cunt, there appeared to be a scramble going on as a couple guys were arguing as to who would be next in fucking me. I was concentrating on the cock in my mouth and did not pay too much attention as to what was exactly going on. I did feel what I thought was a finger in me but that did not last long for it was immediately replaced with something much larger, a cock I assumed. I reached down between my legs to feel the action, it was definitely a cock all right. 

Just then the cock in my mouth exploded and I used both hands to hold the cock still so I could take his whole load. He tasted so good, that typical salty taste along with a manly smell from an unwashed cock.  As soon as he was done cuming, he pulled his cock loose from my mouth. I could feel cum running down my chin, I love to have my face creamed with cum. I looked around to see where the guy was that had first fucked me. He was sitting on the edge of the mattress, his cock was limp but he still had the rubber on. It was loosely hanging from his dick with the end full of his cum. I said to him, "Get over here next to me and let me clean your cock off."

He got on his knees and shuffled over to where I was lying. In the meantime the guy fucking me had lifted my legs up and out causing my knees to be against my belly. He was really pounding my pussy, I loved it. Once the guy with the rubber on got close enough, I reach over and lifted his limp dick up, then slid the rubber down so that the bulbous end containing his cum was over the end of his dick. I began stroke his dick like I was jacking him off to coat his dick with his cum. I then moved my face against his crotch and slowly lifted the rubber off his dick. As soon as his dick was freed of the rubber, his dick flopped onto my face. I moved my head all around wiping the cum from his dick onto my face. I finally turned my face toward him with my mouth open; his dick feel into my waiting mouth as I closed my lips around his shaft and began to suck him.  Oh yes, another great tasting cock.  I sucked on his cock until I was sure I had cleaned it free of his cum. I pulled my mouth away, took a hold of his dick lifting it so that I could reach his balls. I stuck out my tongue and first licked his balls and then opened my mouth inviting him in. He scooted closer to me so I could get his balls into my mouth. 

In the meantime a chubby guy was fucking my pussy. His belly was lying on my belly as his cock was going in and out of my cunt. I could also feel some action going on with my asshole; I believe some guy was fingering me why his buddy was fucking me. I returned my concentration to the guy that was in my face, I continued licking and sucking his cock and balls. I sucked one of his balls totally into my mouth while I held onto his dick slowly stroking it. I could feel him beginning to get hard again, so I began to stroke him faster to encourage his hardness. I then pulled on his dick real hard which caused him to rotate his hips back giving me access to his ass. I scooted my head forward sticking out my tongue; this enabled me to lick his ass. He said, "Look guys, she is licking my asshole! Shit she is one nasty slut. What a fucking whore she is. Fuck this feels so good, yea baby, lick my ass, and clean my butt."

As I was enjoying feasting on this guy's ass, running my tongue up and down his sweaty crack, the guy fucking me suddenly stopped his thrusting action into my pussy and just laid on me grunting, he was obviously climaxing. I could not feel anything going on inside my pussy so assumed he was wearing a rubber, latter discovered he was. I then heard some guy say, "Get off her shit head, it's my turn to fuck her." I get so turned on when guys fight over who is going to fuck me next.

I continued licking the ass that was in my face as I felt the weight lift from my tummy and my pussy freed of a cock. I attempted to stretch out my legs but before I was able to flex any muscles, a hand grabbed each ankle forcing my legs to be spread with my knees up next to my chest and immediately my pussy was filled with another cock. I did not resist at all as my third fuck began very forceful. The guy fucking me was ramming my cunt so hard that he was causing my ass to scoot across the mattress. It also caused my face to slide out from under the guy's ass I was eating; so he rose up and got off the mattress. 

I looked up to see that the chubby guy who had just fucked me was kneeling on the edge of the mattress with the rubber barely hanging on to his limp cock. I motioned him over to me saying, "Move over here near me so I can get some fresh cum. Let me take care of that rubber for you." When he got close to me, I reached out and took a hold of the rubber pulling it off his limp dick. He continued moving toward me until he had his dick just above my face. He then wiped it all over my face; it felt good having his cum spread on my skin. I stuck out my tongue and lick his dick a few times and then I opened my mouth real wide as he shoved his entire dick down my throat. I closed my lips and began sucking on his dick. He really tasted good. I was still holding the rubber in one hand as he as I sucked his cock and the third guy was busy fucking my pussy. I just laid there with one arm up in the air holding a cum filled rubber while entertaining two cocks, one in my mouth and one in my cunt.

Finally the guy who had his cock down my throat removed his dick saying, "I want to see you eat my cum, you slut ass whore." I looked up at the rubber I had in my hand noticing a good amount of cum had been collected in it. I opened my mouth as I lowered the rubber, once I felt the rubber on my tongue, I closed my lips around the bulbous end containing the cum and sucked it like a Popsicle. I rolled it around inside my mouth a few times and then pulled it out; I then turned it upside down and bit down on the open end of the rubber. Using both hands, I held the bulbous end up to allow the cum to ooze down. By pinching the rubber and sliding my fingers down the rubber like a squeezie, the cum began to slide down quite easily. I then released my bite on the open end and just held the rubber above my open mouth. Soon a glob of cum came rushing out directly into my waiting mouth. I continued squeezing more of the cum out of the rubber and into my mouth. I rolled the cum all around and then opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue for all to see, I then swallowed the whole lot; the guys cheered.

At this point the third cock that was fucking me began to show signs of reaching a climax. Again I could not feel any sensation inside my pussy, but could tell by the guy's action that he was ready to ejaculate inside of me. I don't know what it is about having guys cum, whether it's inside me or on me, it really turns me on. I looked at him saying, "Yes, yes, pump your juices inside the rubber, fill it with your hot cum, then I want to suck you off. Yes, fuck me hard, yes real hard, ram me, fuck me, just fuck me and fuck me."

He really began to thrust his rubber-covered cock into me with deep hard strokes. He obviously had a nice size cock because I could feel him really deep down inside me. I encouraged him to go deep as he pounded away at my pussy. I wrapped my legs around him to pull him into me as much as possible and met his thrusts with thrusts of my own. I love being fucked by guys with long dicks; it feels so good when I can feel a guy's cock at the root of my cunt. Oh this guy was doing me so good. I released my legs and brought my knees up next to my sides to allow him maximum penetration. I loved it and he was ramming me as hard as he could. I wanted to feel him cum but knew I would not as long as he was wearing a rubber. Oh how I wanted to rip off his rubber and let him fuck me raw, to feel his skin against mine and to feel him erupt inside my pussy, but knew I should play it safe. I took a hold of both my knees and pulled them as tight against my body as possible giving him every advantage to get deep inside me.

Suddenly after slamming me really hard, he just lay there twitching his pelvis; I knew he was filling his rubber with his tasty cum. I was on the edge of another climax and his twitching took me over. It's so great to climax simultaneously, it makes the sensation even greater. We both lay there enjoying the moment when someone grabbed my hair and pulled my face back. I opened my eyes to see a large dick hanging over my face. My reflex was to open my mouth to receive the cock. I was immediately being fucked in the mouth. It was a chubby cock that I had no difficulty in getting totally in my mouth. I let go of my knees and surrendered to the guy whose cock was in my mouth. I reached up and squeezed his balls as he fucked me.

I felt the weight lift from the guy who had been fucking my pussy and the removal of his cock from my cunt. Although the guy with is cock in my mouth blocked my view, I reached my hand out toward the guy who had just been fucking my cunt indicating that I wanted to touch his cock. He must have realized what I wanted because suddenly I felt his cock meat in my hand; it was very slippery being that he still had the rubber on which was coated with cum, mostly mine of course. I began to stroke him by gripping the rubber tight enough so that it slid up and down his shaft. Meantime my mouth was still being fucked and now the fourth guy was between my legs and his cock quickly entered my pussy.

Laying there getting fucked both in the mouth and pussy while also stroking some guy off makes me feel so sluttish, I just love it. I love the feeling of being used by men. The guy fucking my mouth started to grunt and so I knew he was about to erupt, I used my free hand to fondle his balls, which I think sent in over the top. My mouth was being filled with his cum; I gently squeezed his balls hoping to get him to ejaculate every drop. 

The cock I had in my hand was responding and I could feel it begin to harden. I wanted to taste him too so I continued jacking him while I sucked the remaining cum from the guy fucking my mouth. Once he unloaded his jism down my throat, he pulled his cock out of my mouth. I thanked him and then turned my head toward the cock I had in my hand. I pulled the rubber off and pulled his cum coated dick toward my mouth. He scooted over and I took all of him into my mouth and down my throat. Oh how I love the smell and taste of a sweaty man.

As I was busy sucking on the juicy cock in my mouth, the fourth guy was giving my pussy a good workout. He was fucking me with short hard thrusts that were really exciting my clit. I knew I would not last long whenever some guy rubs my clit like he was, I was just hoping that he had some endurance.  I was trying to match his pace with upward thrusts of my own. It's hard sometimes to concentrate on two cocks, keeping pace with the cock in my pussy while also making sure the guy I'm sucking stays satisfied. I seem to do OK since I do a lot of simultaneous sucking and fucking and don't get any complaints. 

Well, I was lucky, the fourth guy endured long enough to give me a great climax before he unloaded his semen. In fact it was a great climax, I could not move for a few seconds as the sensation of cumming took over my body, I just froze nearly passing out. He really work over my clit; it does not happen that way too often, but love it when it does. As I came down off my sexual high, I realized that I still had a cock in my mouth and needed to attend to it. I opened my mouth real wide taking every inch of him in my mouth. I mouth fucked him for a few minutes getting his cock to its maximum length which I knew would feel so good when he fucked my pussy. I now had his long cock down my throat nearly chocking me. I was able to deep throat him without gagging but it was really stretching my throat. He loved it and was shoving his cock in as far as it would go. 

I suddenly realized that my cunt was free of any cock. I reached down to double check the status of my pussy. My fingers found my pussy to be empty but sticky with lots of cum. Without being able to see very much with the guy fucking my mouth blocking my view, I pointed at my pussy and while also spreading and raising my legs hoping that one of the guys would take the hint and fuck my cunt. It wasn't long before someone pushed my hand away and sank their cock directly into my pussy. It was good to feel more cock meat in me. A slut like me should never go long without having her cunt filled with cock meat.
