 As usual I parked a few streets away from the address I had been given, the last thing our clients want is for a strange car to be seen outside their houses for a couple of hours, discretion is one of the things we pride ourselves on. Today I was visiting Mrs Rose Morganite, who, by the look of the smart detached house I was approaching was suffering from absent husband syndrome. It's the usual story, successful business man gets obsessed with making money and neglects his wife, leaving her home and horny all week before spending all weekend either sleeping or playing golf. This is where we come in. Rose had answered an advert for 'Nudiclean' a service that offered to send someone around to clean your house in the nude. We also offered similar services like 'Nudicook' for your dinner party (funny how often those dinners turn out to only have one guest) and also chauffer and gardening services. It doesn't take a genius to work out that what you are actually hiring is a large discrete cock.

We always try to play the game though, give our clients the chance to back out if they want to although as I'm a shade over six feet tall, toned rather than muscled and have inherited my Italian father's dark skin and dark eyes that has rarely happened to me. The eight inches of salami packed into my Armani boxer shorts helps too!

So this morning I knock on the door and give my brightest smile when she answers. "Hello, I'm Marco from Nudiclean, may I come in?"

She is in her late 30's, dark hair swept back from her forehead, medium height and build. She's wearing an expensive looking silk robe and from the outline of her nipples little else. She shows me in and hands me the envelope that is sitting on the hall table, leading me through into the conservatory and asks me if I would mind getting changed there. I put my bag down on the floor and nodded.

"Oh good, when you are ready perhaps you could start in the drawing room, down the corridor on the left. I'll be in there tidying up" 

My eyes followed her swaying hips as she walked away from me, a slow grin of anticipation forming on my lips. I quickly stripped off and tied a small black apron around me. Picking up a feather duster from my bag I walked into the drawing room to find her sitting reading a magazine. Looking up she tells me to start with the TV unit and work my way around the room. I stand with my back to her, legs apart and start to bend and stretch as I dust the unit, flicking imaginary dust from the clean surfaces. I stretch across and down, knowing that my thickening cock would be in full view by now and hear a gasp.

I look around and she's splayed out on the sofa, her gown is wide apart and the first two fingers of her left hand are holding back the skin of her hood and exposing her clitoris....her right index finger is slowly circling a huge gob of saliva round and round her hard, pink, glistening clit. I couldn't help but notice the wide gaping cunt below, already engorged and dripping. Mmm, this one looks good I thought - plump tits with some serious piercings, a cute tattoo running under one breast and a larger design running down her hip, some sort of lizard I think, its tongue flicking towards her clit. Her pussy looks freshly shaved and her swollen lips are spread apart. She is seriously wet; I can hear a swishing as her fingers pump in and out of her cunt before moving back to her clit.

I smile and kneel down between her legs "Don't stop." I growl as I take off my apron and stroke my cock to its full size. I reach forward and pull her towards me, moving her legs even wider. Those tits look enticing and I move in to pull and squeeze the nipples, twisting the rings. She gasps and I can tell she is close to coming. I run my fingers down her body and gently push my forefinger into her gaping cunt, pulling out a trail of sticky juice. I gently move it lower and I can see in her eyes that she knows its destination. I hover over her asshole just moving in a gentle circle as her fingers plunge deeper and deeper and her hips start to buck. She starts to wail as her orgasm begins and I lean forward and bite the inside of her thigh as I push the tip of my finger into her ass. I can feel the heat as she rolls through one peak after another before going limp, just lying there panting.

My god, I get paid for this I thought as I gently move her hands from between her legs, holding them in mine as I push her back so she is stretched out. She tries to move but I'm too strong. Her arms are now above her head and I suck as much of her breast into my mouth as I can, pulling at the ring with my teeth making her gasp. Her hips are wide apart and I gently lower my rock hard cock so that it brushes her stomach and then catches against her clit. I rub along her slit, feeling her juices coat me, and she starts jerking her hips up towards me, trying to get me inside. A slight change of angle and I start to slowly slide in to her hot cunt. I push in very very slowly and she starts muttering "Fuck me oh god just fuck me, fuck me hard." Once my bulging helmet is inside I pause before pushing powerfully in as deep as I can, just one smooth stroke that has her wailing. I glance up at the clock and see that it's only 1 and she has booked me 'till 3 and decide to just take her quickly the first time, she can suck me later before I fuck her a few more times.

I quickly build up the pace until I'm hammering into her, she seems to be almost in a coma, her breathing just ragged gasps but I can feel her cunt muscles starting to spasm as another orgasm approaches. She is not fighting me now, her hands are gripping mine and I feel myself swell at the same time as she starts to cry out and I empty what feels like gallons of spunk into her, jet after jet hosing out of me, flooding her already soaking pussy. Jesus, what a fuck that was, I hope her old man is making billions because there must be a reason he's not here fucking her himself I look down at her and smile because the next two hours are going to be fun!

Letting go of her hands I move off her, she is just lying there limp, covered with a film of sweat, her eyes closed and breathing deeply. The wooden floor is cold and hard against my knees and as I certainly haven't finished with her yet so I decide that some comfort is called for. So I reach down and lift her up until she is over my shoulder in a fireman's lift. 

"What are you doing? Put Me down!" 

"Shush Mrs Morganite, just going to make us a little more comfortable." I say as a give her ass a reassuring pat. 

I move quickly up the stairs and put her down on the big pink bed. Her gown is still half on still so I pull it off completely and remove the belt from the loops. Looking down I wish I had bought my phone up with us, she looks magnificent and a souvenir photo would be nice – maybe later. She looks up at me and smiles, running her hands down her body to the sticky mess between her legs. Two fingers run gently through her pussy, scooping the juices out before putting them in her mouth and sucking greedily. How did she guess what was to come next? I reach over and roll onto her tummy, pulling her left hand towards me I quickly tie one end of the belt from her gown to it. "Trust me; I'm not going to hurt you." I murmur as I tie her right wrist to the left. She flexes her arm but she can't move and I give her ass a playful slap. Maybe another time I'll give her the spanking rich bitches like her deserve but right now I'm looking for some other action. 

I pull/roll her off the bed until she is kneeling in front of the mirror doors of the wardrobe. She knows what I want now and licks her lips as I stand in front of her. My semi-hard cock slips easily into her willing mouth and run my fingers through her hair as she sucks deeper and I quickly swell to my full size. Some women like to wank the shaft and squeeze your balls as they suck you but I love this way, just a mouth for me to control. I look over to the mirror and get the benefit of the profile, her big tits jiggling as she bobs her head up and down on my cock. I can see saliva running down her chin as the struggles to get as much of me in her mouth as she can. 

Some women suck cock out of a sense of duty, almost timidly. Others, like this slut, suck like their lives depend on it, like they want to get drunk on spunk. I can imagine her surrounded by half a dozen men, cock in each hand and one in her mouth, spoilt for choice as to which one to suck next, spunk and spit running out of her mouth, dripping off her chin and tits. Maybe another day I'll give in to her swirling tongue, that swooping vacuum as she tries to get all of me down her throat but not today because today I just want another ride in her tight wet pussy. 

I pull out of her mouth. "Oh Marco, I was enjoying that!" She says licking her lips, her red lipstick is all over her mouth and she doesn't look like the prim lady that opened the door to me just over an hour ago. I help her to her feet and put her on her knees on the bed. I climb on and pull her leg over mine so she straddles my thighs facing me. 

"Are you going to untie me?" she asks. I just grin and shake my head, reaching forward with my thick forefinger to gently rub her prominent clit. I'm barely touching it so she shuffles forward on her knees, eager for more pressure until she is over my throbbing cock. I push one finger and then two into her wetness, causing her to lift upwards, arching her back and thrusting those magnificent breasts out towards me. I bend my cock upwards and feel the heat from her as the tip of my cock slips between her wet lips and she slowly sinks down onto me with an erotic, ecstatic groan. I slip easily into her, grinding my hips upwards to make sure she is filled completely. She leans forward so that her clit rubs against my pubic bone and overbalances, causing those luscious tits to fall into my big hands. Perfect! 

As I squeeze and pull her tits she starts to move up and down my cock, I move my right hand down and press my thumb against her clit rubbing in time to her thrusting, not too hard, just enough pressure to leave her wanting more...she must be very turned on as her breathing is already getting quicker and shallower as she starts to pump faster and faster, crushing down on me, desperate for release. I twist and pull at the bar through her nipple but she's at the point that pain has become pleasure and it's enough to push her over the edge, not the wailing, shrieking orgasm of earlier but a deeper climax that leaves her shaking. I sit up and wrap my arms around her, kissing her deeply for the first time, drowning in the heady scent of her perfume and her arousal, enjoying the warmth from her body. 

I put my right hand behind me to steady our weight and there is a hard object under the pillow. I pull it out. Looks like she was warming up this morning with her favourite toy and husband substitute, because what I have found is a large red 10 speed vibrator. "Oh, she giggled, I'd forgotten about that."

I can see that the end is dull and coated in her dried juice so I offer it to her mouth and she sucks it straight in like a kid with a lollipop, slurping happily. I turn it on and run it gently over her neck and chest, leaning back to buzz against her nipples. I run it against her tummy and down towards her pussy, wedging it firmly between her clit and my cock. Wrapping my arms firmly around her I kiss her deeply once more, enjoying the look in her eyes as the vibrations start to do their work and her breathing starts to quicken. I don't want her to come again so soon and in this way, it's too easy and anyway, I have a better idea.

Putting the vibrator down I reach behind her and untie her wrists. "Get off and turn around, face away from me." I move back up the bed so I'm leaning against the headboard and she lowers herself back down onto my cock. I run my hands down her body, luxuriating in those full tits and across her gently round tummy. I move her legs as wide apart as I can and spread the lips of her pussy apart with my left hand before teasing her clit with my right. Looking over her shoulder I can see her in the mirror opposite, my hard cock disappearing into the crimson glow of her cunt. 

"Pick up the vibrator." I tell her "let me see you make yourself cum." I hold her lips apart and as she starts to gently buzz her clit I can feel the vibrations running into my cock making it throb and pulse. She turns the toy to the next speed and then the next and I bite her shoulder as I feel her cunt muscles squeezing me rhythmically, it's quite a sight I can see before me, her tits squeezed forward with the barbells hanging down, the tattoo running down her flank and the bright red toy almost meeting my cock. I'm getting very excited now and I know that once she comes I'm going to fuck her like she has never been fucked before. I don't have too long to wait as the vibrations do their work, she's staring at herself open mouthed as she presses the big red toy hard against her clit, almost scrubbing it up and down as she comes again. 

I roll us both over onto our sides and slip from beneath her before moving her onto all fours. Pushing her shoulders down I lean forward and bite her arse once, twice, three times for luck before running my tongue between the lips of her sopping cunt. She tastes sweet and I make a mental note to eat my fill on my next visit.

Moving behind her I slip in easily, as deep as I can go in just a couple of urgent thrusts. She gasps and her head jerks back as my long hard cock pushes deep within her before I pull almost all the way out and then in again. Despite my earlier urgency I am going to try and contain myself as I want her to remember this for a while, this has been such a good afternoon that I want to make sure she books me again so I bite my lip and begin a long slow rhythm .She just takes it at first, both of us enjoying the sight in the mirror, my arse pumping, her tits swinging and shaking but after a few minuets she starts to thrust back at me, urging me to be harder and faster. "Harder Marco, harder, please fuck me harder, fuck that big cock into my cunt." She's just babbling now, gasping and moaning, her arms almost unable to hold her up, only my hands and cock keeping her in position. I didn't think she could come again but she does with a deep guttural groan that shakes the room. I'm now pumping wildly; sweat is running down my face, I'm slamming into her so hard she is shaking with each thrust. I feel my balls tighten and my cock swell and I just have time to pull out and push her over onto her back before grasping my quivering cock and blasting a pint of spunk over her tits and face. What a glorious slut I thought, shaking my head as I try to recover some composure. That was so good that I feel that I should be paying her!

I'm drained and it's a quarter to three, times up. I leave her lying there; scooping spunk off her body and licking her fingers clean while I help myself to a shower. When I come out dressed and ready to leave she is still laying there, hands now clasped between her legs, softly stroking. 

"I hope Nudiclean didn't disappoint Mrs Morganite, we are committed to offering the best possible service." 

"No Marco, that was just what I needed, is there anything I can do for you?" 

I pull out my phone. "Just a photo so I can enter you into the free prize draw, winner gets a free six hour clean from our A team." 

She gives a dirty, deep throated chuckle as she spreads her legs. "Snap away Marco, snap away!"