 Julia moaned as Jeremy tongued her nipple, circling around it before biting down on the hard nub. She loved it when he sucked her tits. The 34d breasts were very sensitive, nipples long and hard at just the thought of getting sucked. She felt his fingers cup her other one, fingers pulling on that hard nipple, tugging all the way down to her clenching pussy.

"Oh, fuck, Jeremy, that feels so good," she moaned, her fingers threading through is blond hair, arching her body into his mouth.

Jeremy scraped his teeth against her tit before transferring to the other one and repeated his actions. She moaned and whimpered as he drove her on, her wet pussy sliding against his hair roughened thigh as she rode his leg. She could feel herself tightening up, ready to cum over his leg as he continued to suck and bite her tits.

Dimly she heard the bell sound on the desk outside and she moaned in disappointment as her mind registered there was a customer waiting outside the back office. She tugged on Jeremy's head, her lust temporarily waning.

"We have a customer," she whispered as she stood with reluctance and pulled her robe over her naked body. It was late at night and she did not feel like getting dressed for just a few minutes to deal with whoever had walked into the lobby of their small bed and breakfast. 

"Well, don't keep them waiting," Jeremy replied with a grin, giving her taut ass a swipe with his palm.

Julia groaned and opened the door to see who had found them. They were a small building, situated down a side street on the edge of the city's gay village. The few guests they had were regulars who knew them and what they offered.

There was a man in a rumpled dinner suit standing at the counter, looking around the small lobby whilst he waited. He had the look of a man who had spent an evening fucking and Julia found herself wishing that he would fuck her. He was tall, with dark hair, his jaw covered with the sexy stubble of his emerging beard. Broad shoulders filled out his suit and she found her mouth watering as she wondered just how ripped he was beneath it.

"Can I help you?" she asked with her most welcoming smile. 

"I hope so. I need a room for the evening and all the hotels are full." He smiled, revealing even white teeth behind sexy, full lips. He had dark eyes that twinkled dangerously making her pussy tingle.

"Well, you're in luck, we have room." Julia clicked on the computer and opened up the booking form. "Do you require a double or a single?"

"Well, that depends on what's available," he replied, his eyes lingering on the deep cleavage of her robe.

Julia felt her nipples tighten as Jeremy joined her at the counter. "I'll book you in the double, it's a lot more roomier than the singles."

"What services are you interested in?" Jeremy asked as he slid his hand up the back of his wife's robe and started to stroke her ass, hidden from the other man's view by the counter between them.

"I like a full room service," the stranger replied. "Whatever you have on offer. Cost is no problem." He slid a gold credit card across the counter.

Jeremy tugged on the tie of the robe, letting it slide open to reveal Julia's milky white tits. "We do offer a full room service and then some."

Julia filled out the online form, noting that the man was called Marcus Tanner. "We have plenty to offer, room service, entertainment package, anything you want," she said, licking her lips. She flicked her shoulder slightly, the robe sliding down to reveal more of her breast.

Marcus reached over and cupped the exposed tit, his thumb stroking across the engorged nipple. She gasped as she felt him pinch it between his fingers, the shaft of pain going straight down to her pussy making it clench hard between her legs.

"Any thing I want?" he asked, meeting Jeremy's eyes.

Julia felt Jeremy's cock thrust against her as she recognised the hidden question. She knew what Jeremy's answer would be, knowing her husband liked nothing more than joining in with the guests.

"Anything all all," Jeremy replied.

Marcus nodded. "I'll take the room," he said. "Perhaps you'll show me what's on offer."

Julia let the robe slide down to the floor as she stepped out from behind the counter. She was forty years old yet she was still proud of her body, knowing she looked years younger. Her waist was as slender now as it had been twenty years ago. She carried no extra weight, ensuring the only wobbly parts of her were her lush tits. She walked towards the door leading to the rooms and looked over her shoulder. "Coming?" she asked, her eyes lingering on the obvious bulge behind his trousers.

Marcus smiled wolfishly and walked up to her. "I plan to," he replied. "Over and over again."

Julia smiled, a wicked wetness trickling down between her thighs. It was all she could do not to grab his cock and thrust it in her waiting pussy. Instead, she led him down the corridor to the end room and opened the door. A large king size bed dominated the room, a mirror framing the head of it whilst another was reflected at the foot of the bed. On the ceiling another mirror showed the black silk sheets covering the bed. In the corner, a large television sat with a DVD player on the stand of the shelf beneath it. A cupboard to the side contained a selection of DVD's to satisfy all interests.

She turned around and watched as he undid his trousers revealing a long, thick cock that she ached to put in her mouth. A bead of moisture appeared on the tip, her tongue sliding out to stroke against her lips as she anticipated the taste of it.

"On your knees," he growled.

Julia eagerly dropped to the floor, her mouth taking him inside of her, her eyes closing at his warm salty taste. She felt him cup her head and roughly thrust inside her, hips pumping against her. She cupped his taut ass through his trousers and sucked hard, swallowing him deep inside her throat. Her tongue stroked against him, teasing the tip and eliciting more of that delicious precum.

"Oh, yeah, bitch. You like that, don't you?" he moved his hips against her mouth. "You are such a good cocksucker. Wonder if your cunt is as good at sucking my cock."

Julia fell back on the bed and watched as he stripped off his suit. She saw Jeremy enter the room and take a seat on the comfortable arm chair in the corner. He had his cock in his hand and was slowly stroking it as he watched them. She saw her reflection in the mirror above and smiled, seeing her pussy glistening in the lamplight, her nipples hard begging for attention. Her mouth watered as he removed his shirt revealing abs so hard and defined that she almost begged him to fuck her there and then. She moaned when he removed his trousers, freeing his impressive cock. Oh, yes, she would offer him what ever he wanted, she decided, as long as he rammed that cock inside her.

Marcus fisted his cock, smiling as she watched every move he made. "Like this?" he asked, squeezing his cock. Julia could only nod, spreading her thighs so he could see her dripping cunt. "Your wife wants me to fuck her hard."

"Yes, I know," Jeremy said, slowly stroking his cock. "You can fuck her however you like, all part of the service."

"Are you part of the service?" Marcus looked at the cock Jeremy was stroking.

Jeremy nodded, his hand quickening. "Anything the guest wants, the guest can have," he replied, his breath coming out in little pants. He almost came at the thought of that cock pounding his ass. Maybe he'd fuck him whilst he fucked Julia, he thought, almost groaning in excitement.

Marcus smiled and turned back to Julia. "Turn around, on your knees, slut," he commanded.

Julia almost came there and then. She loved it when men talked dirty to her, calling her names, fucking her as they did it. She knelt on the bed, legs wide open, ass raised in the air. She crossed her arms in front of her and rested her head on them, nipples brushing the silk coverlet beneath her.

"What do you want, slut?" Marcus growled as he stroked the tip of his cock against her pussy.

Julia bit back a moan as she gripped the coverlet. "You, your cock, in my pussy."

"How do you want it?" He teased the tip just inside, feeling her pussy try to draw him in.

"Hard, fast, however you want it. Just fuck me with that cock!" Julia leant backwards onto him, feeling his cock slide inside her slick walls, stretching her, filling her.

Marcus slammed his cock inside her pussy, grabbing her hips to hold her steady as he started to pound her pussy. Pussy juices squelched along his cock as he roughly thrust into her, driving deep into her warm wet cunt.

"Yes, yes," Julia moaned as she thrust back against him. She felt him stretching her pussy, banging against her cervix as he pounded her pussy. "Oh, fuck, yes, that's it. Fuck that pussy!"

In the mirror she could see Jeremy's hand moving faster and faster over his own hard cock. His mouth was open, tongue licking his lips as he watched Marcus ram his cock deep into her. She knew he was imagining that cock in his own ass and she prayed that Marcus would do that, would fuck her husband whilst he fucked her or whilst she sucked him off. Either suited her as long as she was there, a part of it.

"Your pussy is so tight about my cock. You're not going to want another cock in there, just mind, pounding it, filling it, fucking you so hard." Marcus drove his hips faster, his balls slapping against her ass. One hand slapped her ass hard leaving a red imprint against the white flesh. Julia moaned beneath him, more juice leaking down her legs. "You like this, slut. Like having a stranger's cock in your greedy cunt?"

"Yes, yes. I love having cock in my greedy cunt. Love having it rammed inside me, filling me with cum until it leaks out. Fuck this slut beneath you, fuck her like the whore she is!" Julia babbled uncontrollably, loving how he made her feel as he pounded her pussy. She felt him grab her hair, jerking her upright against his chest, one hand reached around to roughly squeeze her tit, tugging hard on her aching nipples.

"Watch us, slut, watch as I fuck you in front of your husband. My cock in your cunt, remember that, slut, when he wants to fuck you. Your cunt is mine unless I say otherwise!"

"Yes," Julia moaned, mindless with lust. She watched as he reached down to roughly finger her clit, his fingers pinching and tugging on it. "YES!! Oh, fuck, yes! More! Harder!" She grabbed his hand, forcing it against her cunt as she exploded around him, her pussy walls milking his cock, urging him onwards.

"Yes, you little slut. Cum on my cock like the greedy whore you are. You dirty, cheating slut!" Marcus moaned as he jerked uncontrollably against her as he came inside her cunt. Warm strings of cum coated the walls of her pussy as he moaned aloud, filthy phrases tumbling from his mouth.

Julia came again, her pussy tight about him. She screamed, body jerking, tits bouncing before collapsing forwards, boneless. Her breath came in great gasps as pleasure flooded her body, too intense to bear. She could feel Marcus's cum in her pussy, a liquid heat that she didn't want to cool. Never had she been fucked so hard or so powerfully. She would not be able to sit proper tomorrow, she decided.

Marcus collapsed over her, hips jerking against her in a final wave before he slid to the side. His chest rose and fell with each breath, body coated in a fine film of sweat. He saw Jeremy watching, his hands covered in cum where he had cum watching them. 

"Come and clean your wife's pussy?" he ordered the other man, smiling as Jeremy leaped to eagerly carry out his demands. Marcus stroked his cock as he watched Jeremy's tongue lap up his wife's juices and his cum where it leaked out of her pussy. "Bet you want to stick your cock in there," he said, stroking and pulling on his cock. "Fuck that tight pussy after me."

Jeremy nodded, his tongue loving the taste of Marcus's cum mixing with Julia's juices. His own cock was hardening at Marcus's suggestion, already imagining the other man pounding his ass whilst he fucked Julia.

"Bet you want my cock in that ass of yours whilst you do it?" Marcus laughed when Jeremy nodded. "You're as much as a slut as she is, aren't you?" Another nod followed, Jeremy's eyes hopeful. "Alright, then, slide that cock in there and then get ready. You're going to have the pounding of your life," he promised, grabbing his now hard cock. "I think I like this hotel very much."