 Tuesday, February 9, 2016

There is no limit to suffering human beings have been willing to inflict on others, no matter how innocent, no matter how young, and no matter how old. This fact must lead all reasonable human beings, that is, all human beings who take evidence seriously, to draw only one possible conclusion: Human nature is not basically good

Dennis Prager

Marcus smiled as he walked into the house. At six feet eight and two hundred and forty pounds, Marcus was very fit. However, eighteen years old today, this was the first time he had ever walked into a house.

"Welcome home, Marcus," Alina said as she opened the door.

"Welcome home, Marcus," a younger version said, smiling as she walked up to him. "We're happy to have you here."

"Thank you, Rebecca," Marcus said in his rich baritone and the girl could feel herself trembling as his voice washed through her. "Thank you, Alina. I am very glad to be here."

"I need to get to work in the kitchen," Alina said as she lay a gentle hand on Marcus' back. "Rebecca will show you where to put your things. You two can swim for a bit before dinner."

"Katey is here, Mom," Rebecca said. "We were up studying until I heard the garage."

"I'm sure she will be comfortable in one of your bikinis," Alina shrugged. "She's worn them often enough."

"Mom!" Rebecca said, exasperated by her mother's obtuseness. "Those are just for here."

"I'm more worried about what you girls are going to do when you see him," Alina chuckled. "Don't worry. Marcus is a perfect gentlemen."

"Fine," Rebecca said after a moment, realizing that her mother wasn't going to relent. "Come on, Marcus. Let's show you your room and we'll take you out for a swim."

At a nod from Alina, Marcus followed Rebecca. However, his mind was in a turmoil as he realized that they were thinking of two different things. Alina considered him an overlarge child. Rebecca, however, considered him more of a nuisance. Looking for the source of that response, Marcus nearly walked into a door when he saw what the two girls were doing before he and Alina arrived.

"Watch where you're going," Rebecca snapped as she grabbed Marcus' arm to stop him. "Are you sure you're all right to swim?"

"Yes," Marcus replied. "I was just thinking of something."

"Well, be careful," Rebecca urged. "Go get ready. I'll be back here in a minute and I will introduce you to Katey."

Marcus nodded and went into his room. Taking off his sweatpants and shirt, Marcus went back to the hall.

Though it, naturally, took the two girls longer, both broke out laughing when they saw Marcus standing there in his underwear.

"No, Marcus," Rebecca said, leading him back into his room. Going through his dresser, Rebecca found a pair of the board shorts that her mother had bought for him. "Take your underwear off and put these on to go swimming."

Rebecca gasped in shock as Marcus obeyed and Katey came running in.

"Damn!" Katey said, laughing at the shocked expression on Rebecca's face. "Looking good, Marcus."

"Thank you," Marcus said as he took the shorts from Rebecca's nerveless fingers. "You are pretty."

A moment later, Alina was at the door. Looking over the scene, she began laughing with Katey.

"Marcus," Alina said gently as she came forward. "You are not supposed to undress in front of girls."

"How come?" Marcus asked, confused. "She told me not to swim in my underwear and to put these on instead."

"Yes," Alina agreed as Marcus pulled up the shorts. "She was expecting you to wait until she left the room."

"Oh," Marcus replied, thinking that information over. "I'm sorry, Rebecca."

"Don't be sorry, Marcus," Katey laughed. "You are definitely worth the look."

"Go on, you three," Alina laughed as she smiled up at Marcus. "Have some fun."

Once they reached the pool, Katey and Rebecca were surprised when Marcus left them alone. Most boys would have been trying to chat them up, or complimenting them on their bikinis or bodies. However, after standing a moment, breathing deeply, Marcus began to swim. Both girls watched as Marcus swam lap after lap. Freestyle first, then backstroke and, finally, the butterfly. Both girls saw where Marcus got his chiseled abs as he swam lap after lap.

Though neither girl was aware of it, all conversation ceased as Marcus was doing his butterfly stroke. Rebecca and Katey were both thinking of those powerful muscles driving that fat cock into them.

As he became more accustomed to the size of the pool, Marcus got faster. His focus on form was crystal clear as he felt the interplay of each muscle, yet his consciousness was aware of himself and his surroundings. This feeling, Marcus decided, was magnificent.

"Time to wash up," Alina called into the pool room, smiling when both girls jumped as though they had been caught doing something wrong in staring at Marcus. "Dinner is in an hour," Alina called as Marcus stopped and looked at her.

Seeing the pale perfection of his muscled body, Alina had to admit that she wished she was young enough to get away with staring at him as well.

Marcus froze and almost stumbled before regaining his step and heading for his bedroom. Deep in thought, Marcus showered absently as he considered all he had learned.

"Are you all right, honey?" Alina said as she pressed her palm to Marcus' forehead. "You seem distracted. You didn't over-exert yourself, did you?"

"No," Marcus replied, looking down into her bright green eyes. "I'm all right. But, I would like to talk with you after dinner."

"Trying to get out of dishes already?" Rebecca chided as she joined them. "Well, only tonight. And you get to cover for me on Friday. Katey and I want to go see a movie."

"That's fair," Marcus nodded. "Is she part of the family?"

"Yes," Alina smiled as Rebecca said, "No."

"Both answers are true," Alina said with a smile to her daughter. "She isn't blood of our blood. However, she is special to Rebecca and is here often enough that we don't keep secrets."

"Then you know that Rebecca had her cuffed and bent over the bed before we arrived," Marcus said, surprised. "And that Rebecca was wearing something that went inside her."

Silence filled the dining room as everyone stared at one another, Rebecca blushing to the roots of her hair and down her neck.

"What's going on?" Katey asked as she came down the stairs to join them. 

"How did you know that?" Rebecca asked, grabbing Marcus' wrist in a firm grip.

"Can't you read people?" Marcus asked, surprised. "They show you everything. Which is why I was surprised when I heard Alina wish she was younger so she could get away with staring at me as well.

"You're very pretty," Marcus continued as he looked around at all three. "Am I expected to do the things you were thinking of to stay here? You may have to show me how."

"You were reading our minds?" Alina asked, surprised. "I didn't know you could do that."

"Strong thoughts," Marcus shrugged. "They're easiest. However, if I take the time to read someone I can learn things from them. Plus, by using my thoughts and the thoughts of others, I learned to speak faster."

"What else can you do?" Alina asked.

"Everything is connected," Marcus shrugged. "The food we eat ensures our body's growth and health. Exercise ensures the growth of our muscle mass. My mind talks with my body so that everything works better together."

"Show me," Alina ordered.

Marcus relaxed as his hands travelled out, grabbing Rebecca's hand and Katey's hand. Letting his consciousness flow about him and through him, he planted the ideas he had found in the girls' minds as they were in the pool. Unaware of Alina standing just a few feet away, the two college students were taking off Marcus's clothes and kissing their way down his body. Marcus allowed his body to respond to their ministrations as he drew Alina into the memory.

Marcus sighed in pleasure as the three women took turns kissing and sucking his cock.

A moment longer and he released the three from the memory.

"Oh my God!" Alina gasped as she pulled her mouth from Marcus' cock. The purple head seemed to stare at her reproachfully even as the two girls stared up at him. "How?"

"These two were thinking about this in the pool," Marcus shrugged. "I just showed them that it was all right. You only thought about doing it by yourself because of something that was shameful. If it pleases us both, why is it shameful?"

"I am your guardian," Alina said softly. Alina forced her hand away from Marcus' cock before looking up to continue. "I'm old enough to be your mother."

"You are a beautiful woman," Marcus shrugged. "When your husband left, you remained strong for a daughter you had to raise and a boy who was stuck in the hospital. If you want to get pleasure from my body and your body gives me pleasure, why is that shameful?"

"We'll talk about this after dinner," Alina said, rising. "Put your clothes on."

As Marcus dressed, the ladies walked to the table. Each remembering with fondness the way Marcus felt in their hand and in their mouth. As he felt their thoughts hammering him like a physical weight, Marcus adjusted their thoughts and sent it to the back of their brain where it was relegated to a nice daydream.

"Someone's hungry," Alina laughed as Marcus' stomach rumbled loudly when he sat. "Just a shepherd's pie this evening I'm afraid."

"With homemade bread," Katey said with a smile. "Mrs. Collins always makes sure it is warm when it comes to the table."

Marcus was amazed at the many flavors and textures he found in the meal. Succulent meat and vegetables in a rich, dark gravy. Smooth mashed potatoes baked on top. Each bite felt like an explosion to his tastebuds. Warm, homemade bread with butter melting on top. The myriad of things a delight to his senses.

"Stop drooling, Marcus," Rebecca laughed. 

"This is amazing," Marcus replied. "So many flavors and textures."

"Thank you, Marcus," Alina smiled at the boy. "I'm glad you like it. Don't listen to these two heathens. College students just appreciate that someone else has food for them."

Katey smiled as she saw the ravenous hunger and utmost awe with which Marcus ate.

Later, Marcus slipped back into his theta waves, willing his body to relax as he lay in the new bed. Feeling the lives around him, Marcus found those that were looking for a man. Those that were looking for someone to make them feel feminine and desirable again. Surprisingly, three of those he found were husbands. Seeing their thoughts, Marcus read their wives and the dissatisfaction they felt in themselves and in their relationship.

As he was reading the neighborhood, Marcus pulled himself out of bed and dressed quietly. Going to the back door, Marcus pulled himself over the privacy fence and headed towards the park. Sending out a thought, Marcus moved quickly to intercept the boys carrying the drugged girl towards an SUV.

Though he attacked with little finesse, Marcus did attack with ferocity and surprise.

Breathing heavily, Marcus relaxed as he surveyed the scene. Using one boy's phone, Marcus used his shirt to avoid leaving prints and called the police. Leaving the boys to their fate, Marcus carried the girl back to her home. Twice, the girl seemed to look up at him. However, with the drugs in her system, she didn't stay awake long enough to get or give a clear indication of anything.

Using his shirt again, Marcus rang the bell repeatedly before lights could be seen coming on. At the first light, Marcus disappeared into the night to return home.

Laying down, Marcus resumed his meditative state. Finding nothing that would harm him, Marcus allowed his delta waves to become dominant and drifted into sleep.