 Author's note: This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived, it is done so on the basis that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive. 

This story is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upsets you, do not read any further. By reading further you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law of the United States or of the country you belong to, and in which, you are a citizen. 

My sincere thanks to Literotica volunteer editor "MissZ" for all the excellent suggestions and editing.

Hi friends, I am Mohan and I grew up in a small town just north of Cannanore in Kerala. This is a sequel to my earlier story titled 'Margaret and Jeanette'. I welcome comments to help improve future stories.

**********

My eighteen-year-old girlfriend Margaret wanted very much to experience the joys of sex. She had heard so much about it from her friends at school and from her best friend, Jeanette. So far, all she had done and enjoyed very much was caressing, having her pussy stroked and massaged to orgasm by me, and a few isolated lesbian encounters with Jeanette. I had instructed her in the techniques of stroking my cock and she had seen me ejaculate. She enjoyed that very much and always got a thrill seeing the sperm shoot out in spurts from my rock-hard cock in the dim light in her backyard. Now she was ready for the big league, but she was afraid. She was a virgin and somewhat timid. 

That's where Jeanette came in. In an earlier episode, Margaret had consented and prearranged to let Jeanette have sex with me, and therefore, felt more comfortable with a threesome.

The stage was set and it looked like everything was going according to plan. All we needed was a place. Margaret remembered her neighbor's house was empty since they were on vacation for three weeks and had kept a key with Margaret. We picked the following Thursday when their safe periods coincided and we could do it without the use of a condom. We had the day off from school. Most of the other neighbors would be at work and we would not be discovered. This was the first time that Margaret was doing anything like this in the daytime. 

Per plan, on Thursday morning around 9:30, Margaret and Jeanette went to the unoccupied house and waited for my arrival. I reached the scene at about 9:50, walked by the house with a bag of snacks and colas, and unobserved, entered through the front door that Margaret had left unlocked. Once inside, I looked everywhere for these girls. It was like playing hide and seek. I finally located them in the upstairs master bedroom. They were dressed in skirts with blouses tucked in. All three of us felt a little shy. This group thing intimidated us. We didn't know where to begin. Then Jeanette came up with a great idea. 

"Let's play spin the bottle," Jeanette suggested. 

"Brilliant idea! – Yeah, let's start," I said, and Margaret nodded.

Jeanette explained, "OK – Here are the rules. We sit on the carpet in a circle and spin an empty bottle. When the bottle stops spinning and points to someone, that person loses that round. The loser of each round must then take off an article of clothing, and kiss the person to their left. Any questions?"

The rules were simple enough and we were ready to start. This game was not a problem since we had separately seen each other naked, had kissed each other, and per Margaret's plan, I had sex with Jeanette on a previous occasion. Margaret and Jeanette felt quite comfortable with each other because of their limited lesbian encounters. Margaret sat to my left and Jeanette to my right. We were ready to get started.

The empty Coke bottle was spun – it circled a few times, and stopped; pointing in Margaret's direction. She had to take off an article of clothing. Shoes didn't count.

She decided to take off her socks and leaned over and kissed Jeanette lightly on her lips. 

I lost the second round and took off my shirt and French kissed Margaret. She blushed.

This game was great! The bottle was spun over and over – every round had a loser, and the clothes started coming off. The girls giggled.

Jeanette lost the next two spins. She said, "This is not fair – I'm the only one losing!" She stripped off her socks and blouse. Her boobs looked great inside her thin blue lace bra with the outlines of her nipples sticking out. 

I lost next and off came my undershirt. The girls would not let me take off my socks.

Margaret lost two spins in succession. She decided to take off her blouse and her skirt. She was left in her pink embroidered bra and matching panties with red flowers on them.

I smiled, "Oooouuuu... I can see your nipples; and your panties look great. Hope you lose the next two spins, Margaret – show us your goodies."

"Oh shut up! You have already seen everything."

"Yeah, but not in front of Jeanette." I replied.

"She's seen everything, too." Margaret replied.

I lost next and took off my pants. Now, I was in just my underwear and socks. My cock was erect and hard and was clearly straining against the seams. Both girls noticed it.

Jeanette giggled, "Take it out Mohan – he is awake!"

Margaret joined in, "Yeah honey, let's see your snake!"

Margaret spun the bottle and lost. Now she had to make a decision – the bra or the panties? She reached behind her back, unhooked her bra and freed her magnificent twin globes. She kissed Jeanette and Jeanette in turn squeezed her boobs. Margaret's nipples were already hard; she looked down, closed her eyes, and giggled.

Jeanette suggested, "Let's stop this game now!"

"No way," I said "Unless you want to take it all off – Eh?" and gave the bottle a spin.

Margaret lost again. She covered her face with both her hands and giggled. She stood up, looked me in the eyes and said, "Mohan, you take my panties off – you have had a lot of practice doing that."

I leaned over, caressed her butt, put my thumbs inside the elastic of her panties and peeled them off. I looked at both girls, sniffed Margaret's panties, then placed them on my head, and pulled them over my face. Margaret blushed; Jeanette giggled.

"Give them to me," Margaret yelled and pulled them off my head.

We all laughed. Margaret was out of the game, stark naked, and her thick curly black bush looked divine. Only the faint outline of her slit was visible through her dense bush that did a good job of covering and hiding her pussy lips. This faint outline was the only indication of the treasure concealed between her pussy lips.

This was really a lot of fun! We settled down and I spun; Jeanette lost and took off her skirt. She was left in her dark blue satin and lace bra and matching panties. Wow!

Jeanette lost another round, and in a bold gesture, kept her bra and took off her panties. She had a glorious thick bush, gave her panties to me and said, "Go ahead, Mohan, sniff these; wear them on your head."

Margaret yelled, "You slut – after me, you can have your turn; we agreed, remember?"

I lost the next spin and the only items left were my socks and underwear. The girls yelled at me, "Come on, Mohan, we want to see your cock – get your snake out."

"You want to see my snake? Go ahead, and pull it out!" I said, standing up.

Jeanette, the bolder of the two, reached over and took off my underwear, and my cock stood straight out at an upward angle with the foreskin partially withdrawn. A drop of pre-cum formed at the tip.

I reached over and undid Jeanette's bra. Her firm perky tits with erect nipples popped out. The game was over, I pulled off my socks, we were all naked, and I leaned over and kissed Margaret long and hard. Then the girls kissed each other. 

Jeanette sucked on one of Margaret's nipples. I sucked the other nipple. Margaret moaned and enjoyed this new experience. Now it was Jeanette's turn to have her nipples sucked. We both sucked Jeanette's nipples and she moaned with pleasure. My hands went to their pussies and I was not surprised to find them both dripping wet! 

Now it was time to put my newly learned oral sex skills into action. My housemaid Lakshmi had tutored me well and I remembered her advice and stayed away from going straight to their pussies. I started kissing and sucking all over; their earlobes, their necks, their breasts, nipples; everywhere except their pussies.

The girls' breasts were enlarged with blood, their nipples were very hard, their pussies were very wet, and they were clearly in the mood for more. The three of us moved over to the large double bed. I took turns kissing the girls, running my fingers through their dense bushes and touching their pussies. The girls were a little bit shy, but with all the kissing, licking and massaging, their nipples got harder and their pussies got wetter.

I started to lick Margaret's smooth inner thighs, ran my fingers through her abundant thick black pussy hair, and she let out a squeal of pleasure. She had no idea as to what was coming next. I then switched to Jeanette and alternated between the two of them. I encouraged them to play with each others breasts and nipples and they found this activity very pleasurable. Even at a distance, I could see the moisture oozing out from their pussies in a thin, steady, glistening trickle. When my head was not in the way, the girls would rub their pussies against each other's thighs and left large wet spots on each other's thighs. I kissed their boobs, sucked their nipples, kissed their inner thighs, their tummies, their necks, their earlobes, their lips, everywhere except their pussies which I saved for later. 

The girls kissed each other mainly on their lips and breasts. This went on for a good twenty minutes and I could clearly notice the veins on their breasts, the plumpness of their mounds, pussies, and their clitoral erections.

Now it was time to warm up Margaret before the main event of penetrating her virgin pussy, taking her cherry, and fucking her for the first time.

While the girls were busy kissing each other, I moved over to Margaret's wet, dripping pussy and planted a kiss right in the middle of her pussy lips and quickly licked her inner labia, and separated them with my tongue. Margaret seemed to experience an electric shock; she tensed up and she did not know how to respond. 

She said, "What are you doing? Are you gone crazy?"

Jeanette came to my rescue and told her to relax and enjoy and that this was what oral sex was all about, and was the prelude to the main event – hard fucking.

"Margie dear, pussy licking is very arousing; just enjoy it. I want to see you orgasm."

"Jenny, have you had this before?"

"Margie, your Uncle Paul does this to me; every time. Makes me cum at least twice before he fucks me. I thought you knew; I told you all about it."

"Jenny, I thought that you were just being a bitch and teasing me as you always do. I didn't know that it was for real."

Margaret relaxed a little bit and I continued to plough my tongue between her inner lips and poked her vaginal entrance with the tip of my tongue. Margaret's moaning turned to light screams.

"Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Feels divine! Lovely! Don't stop, darling!"

I worked on her pussy while Jeanette worked on her boobs and erect nipples. We had all day and did not want her to orgasm too quickly. Besides, the main event was to take her virginity and fuck her good and hard.

After about ten minutes of light pussy licking (I didn't lick her erect clitoris yet), we decided to switch places and it was Jeanette's turn. Jeanette was already warmed up and while Margaret kissed her boobs and sucked her nipples, I worked on Jenny's inner thighs. She could not take it any longer and guided my head straight to her bush. I licked her labia a little and then went straight for her wet pussy. I moved her pussy hair aside a little bit, spread her wet inner lips, and licked her pussy up and down and side ways. 

Jeanette screamed, "Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...! Uuuuunnnnnhhhhh...! Lick mmmeee...! Lick my pussy! Pleeeeese lick my pussy...!" 

Margaret looked on intently and was shocked at Jeanette's screams. I continued to lick Jeanette's cunt and since she was very horny, I proceeded to her clitoris. I moved Jeanette's clit hood upwards and fully exposed her blood engorged love button. I winked at Margaret and flicked my tongue rapidly all over Jeanette's clitoris.

She screamed with pleasure, "Oh my God! Fuck me with your tongue! Lick me pleeeaaasseeeeezzz...!" 

I kept licking her and she kept thrusting and grinding her pelvis into my face. Margaret had never seen this type of lovemaking in her life and did not know what to make of it. However, she enjoyed every bit of it and got more and more excited by watching and hearing Jeanette's screams. The licking was getting faster and faster and Jeanette's screams were getting louder and louder.

Margaret exclaimed, "See how big her clit has become! I have seen it before, but never swollen, or red like this!" Then she looked at her own clit and exclaimed, "Oh God! Mine's also swollen!" and giggled.

There seemed to be perfect rhythm between my licking and Jeanette's thrusting and her screams. She ground her pussy into my face faster and faster. Then her body stiffened and her pussy muscles contracted. I knew that she was almost there and licked faster. I anxiously awaited the shot of pussy juice from Jenny's throbbing pussy.

She screamed, "Oh my God! Oh my God! I'm cuuuummmmmmiiiiiinnnnngggggg...!" 

I felt Jeanette's hot cum in my mouth and licked her rapidly with my tongue flat on her pussy. I swallowed every drop of her copious cum, and continued to lick her cunt gently after her violent orgasm. She looked at Margaret and they both smiled at each other.

Jeanette was very grateful and to show her appreciation, took my stiff cock into her hands and started to stroke it while my tongue explored Margaret's pussy. I started with her outer labia as usual and then proceeded to separate her dense pussy hair with my fingers. I then parted her inner lips with my tongue and worked some horizontal and some vertical strokes. I slid her clit hood upwards, and licked her exposed erect, swollen clitoris. Her body jerked and she soon got the idea and started to fuck my face in rhythm with my licking. 

"Oh! Oh! Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Don't stop! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" she cried.

I swallowed every drop of her delicious cum. Her face was flushed, I kept on licking her pussy all over and she started moaning all over again. While I was busy licking Margaret's pussy, Jeanette stroked my cock, pulled the foreskin down and put my glans inside her mouth. Margaret was shocked seeing this.

"Jenny, I can't believe what you are doing! You are such a slut."

"Shut up, Margie, I'm getting it ready for your tight virgin cunt. That's all I'm doing."

I placed my tongue flat on Margaret's pussy and licked her. She cries got louder, and that was when Jeanette suggested that I penetrate her virgin pussy. Jeanette still had my cock in her hand and while I lay on Margaret, Jeanette guided my stiff cock in the direction of Margaret's virginal pussy entrance. Jeanette pulled my foreskin away from the head, spread her saliva and my pre-cum over my glans with her finger, and placed the bulbous head at the entrance of Margaret's vagina. She rubbed my cock head up and down over Margaret's inner lips a few times and placed it right at her vaginal entrance; the gates of heaven. I gave it a gentle push and the head just started to enter.

Margaret cried, "Ow! Ow! Stop! Stop! It is hurting! Please be gentle."

"Just the head, darling, just the head – I promise!" 

I assured her that I would be gentle and started to push my cock head gently into her well-lubricated pussy.

Jeanette was quite concerned for both of us and supported Margaret's head on her lap and caressed her breasts and tweaked her erect nipples. My cock head was half inside, and Margaret winced with a little pain. I stopped. Margaret bit her lip.

"Go ahead darling! Push it in – but slowly, please!"

Jeanette added, "Come on, Mohan, just a little more."

I pushed the head in a little further. Margaret let out a scream and bit my arm.

"Go on darling, push it inside. I know that it will hurt me." 

I noticed that Margaret's pussy was fully stretched and my cock head was partially in; I could just feel her stretched hymen offer resistance around my glans, and firmly pushed further inside her vagina. 

"AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH" Margaret screamed.

Her hymen yielded, my cock head went past her torn hymen, and was about four inches inside her tiny tight cunt! Jeanette clapped and both girls giggled.

I moved in and out a few times and then hesitated a bit. Margaret smiled, and with tears in her eyes told me, "Don't stop.... but not so hard... do it a little gently."

I pumped her, moved in and out rather slowly, and fucked her with long full strokes. 

I moved my body upwards on her a little and now the base of my cock was stimulating her clitoris while going in and out of her tight vagina. She started to moan and Jeanette continued to caress her breasts and nipples. I fucked her for about eight minutes when I saw all the signs on her face and the response of her body.

"Oh! I think I am almost there! Fuck me! Fuck me harder! Oh my God, I'm cumming! I'm cuuummmmmiiiinnnggggg...! Fuck mmmeee...!" 

Margaret fucked me harder and faster. Her body stiffened and her pussy muscles contracted and spasmmed, as she had her very first real big orgasm, and I felt her pussy juices around my cock.

Knowing that Margaret was deflowered and hearing her orgasmic screams, I could no longer control myself. My muscles tensed, my body stiffened, and my cock got larger and harder. I fucked her harder and faster.

I held Margaret tightly, "Oh, darling! Darling! I'm cumming...! Oh, Margaret! Margaretttttttttt...!" and shot my hot semen deep into her tight pussy. 

"This is great! Lovely! Wow! I could really feel your cock enlarge and spasm and the hot semen shoot inside me."

I kept my cock inside her for some more time and gradually I withdrew it from her pussy. My cock was red with her blood and my cum mixed with her pussy juices oozed out and collected onto the towel that Jeanette had thoughtfully placed under Margaret's butt. She smiled when she saw the few bloodstains on the towel, on Margaret's pussy and on my relaxed cock. Margaret was no longer a virgin!

We cleaned up a little bit, had some snacks, sipped some cola, and rested for a few minutes. It didn't take long for my cock to start stirring again and Margaret was quite fascinated by watching it go from flaccid to thick and turgid. It was Jeanette's turn to enjoy fucking and we all three started our foreplay.

I licked Jeanette's wet cunt and licked her erect exposed clitoris to her squeals of pleasure. After about ten minutes of licking, and two orgasms later, Jeanette begged me, "Fuck me please! Fuck me! I want your cock inside me now! I'm ready, Mohan!" 

Jeanette made me lie on my back and mounted me. This time, Margaret guided and inserted my cock into Jeanette's tight pussy, while she rode me in the cowgirl position. Margaret saw this fierce activity with Jeanette riding up and down on my rigid cock. She was fascinated and horny. She told us that she wanted another round of fucking and wanted to fuck like Jeanette. Margaret was lying on her tummy and noticed Jeanette milking my cock by contracting and relaxing her already tight pussy, and asked her what that was all about. Jeanette promised to explain and teach her the fine art of milking a stiff cock to a terrific climax. Margaret was quite intrigued by the thought of utilizing her pussy in all these different ways.
