 Killian was early to work, as usual. And she was smiling, as usual. But today, she was smiling at me. 

I'm not saying she was normally unfriendly. She smiled often. But when a girl who looks like Killian McFee comes in, and gives you a big grin, you know something's up. 

Five foot three, with a pale face and shock of flaming red hair, she looked like a burning candle. "Hi, Carl! I know where you were last night," she said, pulling on her apron and washing her hands. 

"I took my wife to a movie," I lied. 

"What movie?"

"Bar Code," I told her. 

"What theater?" she challenged.

"The Grand, over on East Walters."

"I'll bet you even have tickets," Killian accused cheerfully. "No doubt purchased online and printed at home, but not really proving that you were even at the theater."

"What are you on about?" I asked her. "If I wasn't at the movie, where was I?"

"Someplace you weren't supposed to be. John Thomas was in the wrong parlor."

"Who the hell is John Thomas?" I asked. 

"John Thomas is slang for 'penis'," Maureen answered, coming out from the back, carrying a large bowl of ground sausage. Maureen was my partner. Together, we owned the little pizza place. She was also Killian's mother. She swept into the kitchen, paying no more attention to the conversation. 

"And your John Thomas," repeated Killian, "was making himself at home in a parlor that did not belong to you.."

"I swear that isn't true. I took my wife to a movie last night." 

Maureen poked her head out of the kitchen to say, "By the way, Carl, your wife called last night. She'll be in Baltimore for another week at least. She tried your cell, but it went to voice mail."

I avoided Killian's laughing eyes to say, "I turn it off when I'm driving."

"A good practice, that. You should teach my daughter a few things." Having thoroughly humiliated me in front of Killian, Maureen went back into the kitchen. 

"Whatcha gonna teach me, Carl?" Killian asked, giggling and gloating at having caught me in a lie. "Do I get to be next? Should I expect John Thomas to visit my parlor?"

"Fine. You got me. I cheated on my wife last night. I'm not proud of it." 

"Yes, you are," Killian argued. "Of course you are! Men are driven to inseminate as many females as possible. Pride is built into the conquest."

I didn't answer her. I ignored her. My shoulders were tense and my face was red. I was too humiliated to participate in the discussion any further. 

Killian shrugged and got to work chopping onions and peppers for pizza toppings. But the silence grew oppressive. The friendly chatter that usually accompanied our prep work was gone. My embarrassment had killed the fun we usually had at work. 

"I'm sorry," Killian finally ventured. "I was only teasing you. I wasn't going to tell your wife or my mom or anything."

"No. It's my fault. I cheated on her. You were right to criticize me."

"I wasn't criticizing," she said. "I don't like your wife. She's a first class bitch."

"Can't argue with that," I agreed. 

"I'm glad you found another parlor. Who was it? Anyone I know?"

"No. An old friend." 

"I do know her!" Killian squealed. "You're a terrible liar. Who was she?"

"Come on, this is my personal, private business. I have a right to my privacy."

"Angela?"

"No."

"Donna?"

"No."

"Lydia?"

"Oh, hell, no!"

"She's nutty, yeah, but she'll sleep with anyone. You file that away for the future. You can have her anytime you want her."

"I repeat, hell no."

"Rebecca?"

"No."

"Ha! It was Rebecca. How was she?"

I shook my head. If I didn't speak, she couldn't hear me lie. It was spooky how good she was at that. 

"I'm impressed," Killian complimented. I would have thought Rebecca was out of your league. I wouldn't have even guessed her name at all, except that I looked up and noticed that she's on her way over here."

"Damn. She wanted to keep this just between us. You keep your mouth shut when she gets here."

"I'll give you guys some privacy,". Killian offered. I sighed in relief, but it was premature. She didn't actually go into the store room or kitchen. Her privacy was an illusion. She merely stepped to the side of the pizza pickup window. She'd be hidden from sight to anybody out in the rest of the mall, but able to hear anything we said. 

Rebecca was blushing as she approached the pickup window. Last night had been our first night together and she was still a little bashful and shy. She leaned over the counter, into the shop, and kissed me. If she'd been paying attention, she might have caught a glimpse of my nosy co-worker, but Killian quickly ducked down out of sight, tucking her tiny self under the counter. 

"How you feeling this morning?" Rebecca asked. "Better?"

"Oh, much better," I said. I knew the right answer to that question. "Best. Medicine. Ever."

"Feeling guilty?"

"I should be, but I'm not."

"Hmmm. I am such a girl," Rebecca said. "But I have to know. If you should be feeling guilty, would it be because you slept with me? Or guilty because you cheated on your wife?"

"A bit of both. I'm old enough to be your father. And I did make certain vows."

"I have never gone through the ritual myself, but I have always understood that the wife makes vows as well. Love? Honor? Cherish? Obey? Any of these sound familiar?"

"I do seem to have heard those words once upon a time," I answered.

"Well, that little bitch was in my shop just last month, cursing your name to anyone who would listen, telling us all what a cheap bastard you are That's not honoring or cherishing, in my opinion. Cheating on your vows is cheating on your vows. She cheated first."

I wasn't about to tell Rebecca that she hadn't been the first fling I'd had. And I didn't really think it an appropriate discussion for Killian to overhear. That spooky little Irish witch always seemed to know my secrets, but I didn't have to broadcast them.

"Janet was in a car accident," I tried to explain. "I'd had it fixed, but she wanted a brand new one." 

"Bitch," Rebecca hissed, licking her teeth and grinning at me.

"Yes," I agreed 

"So don't feel guilty."

"I'm not. It only seemed that I should."

"And about the age thing," Rebecca murmured, "I have Daddy issues."

"I don't know what that means," I told her. 

Rebecca shrugged. "My dad left when I was six. He went and made another family. I was jealous. I wanted to crawl in a man's lap, feel his arms around me, and hear him call me Baby.

"Now I'm thirty-three years old and I'm still wanting the same things. Only now, I want to be naked. And I want to feel my Daddy's big hard cock poking up at me. And when I'm naughty, I want him to bend me over his lap and spank my bare ass."

From under the counter, Killian was grinning up at me, giving me a thumbs-up. Evidently she approved of Rebecca. 

"You were very naughty last night," I said. 

"Yes, I was," Rebecca agreed. "I need a good, hard spanking. You man enough to give it to me?"

"I'll blister your ass," I promised. 

"I'll bet you're hard right now, just thinking about it." 

To my sudden shock, Killian reached up, grabbed my crotch through my pants to check, and nodded. Yes. I was very hard. 

"You'd win your bet," I told Rebecca.

"We on for tonight?"

Killian was nodding again. Silently, she was mouthing the word YES. She definitely wanted me to fuck Rebecca again. And she hadn't yet let go of my cock. She was even stroking me. 

"Come over about nine," I told Rebecca.

"No," she said. "Tonight, you're coming to me. I'll cook you a fine meal. No more mall food. Adult food. Adult beverages. Adult conversation. And some adult fun." 

"Adult fun with spankings from Daddy," I reminded her.

"Of course," she laughed. "Can't forget the spankings. I can't wait to feel your hand on my ass. Give me a piece of paper." I handed her a napkin. And as Rebecca was writing out her address, someone under the counter unzipped my fly. 

Rebecca leaned over the counter and kissed me. At almost the same moment, Killian's warm, wet mouth engulfed my cock. Rebecca's tongue was caressing mine and Killian's tongue was swirling the head of my dick. 

Two separate sets of female lips were intimately caressing me. Two feminine tongues were stimulating me. It was one of the most intense experiences of my life. 

"Do you like porn?" Rebecca asked me, her lips never leaving mine. "I love to get banged from behind while watching dirty movies in high definition. If you're up for it, we can even set up my camera and star in a movie of our own."

She slipped her tongue back in my mouth after making that suggestion. But we were interrupted by a chirping sound from my phone. I'd been checking my messages before Killian or Rebecca had interrupted and it was still sitting on the counter, letting me know I'd just received a text. 

"I'll bet it's your wife," Rebecca said, grabbing up the phone. "Let's see what she has to say."

While Rebecca tried to open my texts, I concentrated on the surrealism of Killian's soft, wet lips massaging my dick. Her mother was in the kitchen, just ten feet away. My new girlfriend was flirting with me. And my wife was probably texting me. That was three different women who would not appreciate the blowjob I was receiving at the moment. 

But it wasn't my wife messaging me. "Oh ho,"Rebecca hooted. "Talk about porn."

She showed me the screen of my phone. It held a close-up photo of a girl with a cock in her mouth, looking at the camera. But it wasn't just any girl or any cock. Killian had taken a selfie as she sucked my dick under the counter, then texted it to me. 

"Who's sending you blowjob pics?" Rebecca asked.

"Just a girl I know."

"It's a clear sex invite," she informed me. "You planning to accept?"

"I haven't decided," I stalled, hoping to avoid this conversation, and trying not to moan with pleasure. It was technically true, however. Killian hadn't actually made an offer that I could have accepted or refused. She had my cock all the way down her throat and a second selfie had just popped up on my phone.

Rebecca nodded. "Okay. Just remember that I don't do threesomes. Set a schedule. Have your TV dinner with the wife, the five-course banquet with me, and takeout tacos with your little phone friend."

My little phone friend was giggling around my cock at the sassy put down. And the selfies just kept coming. Killian's lips kissing the head of my dick; her agile tongue tickling my tip; licking me like an ice cream cone, my balls in her mouth. 

"The girl looks familiar," Rebecca observed, admiring the pictures. "She's very pretty. And very enthusiastic. Isn't that your partner's daughter? Is her name Kelly?"

"Oh, God, yes!" I said, not exactly in answer to Rebecca, but responding to Killian stroking my shaft with one hand, massaging my balls with the other, and all the while sucking gently on my cock head. 

"How old is she?"

"Nineteen," I gasped. "She's legal."

"Talk about Daddy issues. She must have Grandaddy issues." 

Mommy issues were more likely, said my perverted mind. She was sucking my cock like she was drinking from a tit. 

"I don't want to talk about Killian," I said. "Fuck Killian."

The mouth on my cock released me just long enough to quietly voice her agreement. With the noise of the mall behind Rebecca, only I could hear Killian whispering "Yes. Fuck Killian. Fuck her hard." Then she was swallowing my dick again.

I grabbed Rebecca by the hair and pulled her close. I kissed her hard and reached for her tits. She was alarmed, worried that someone might see, but she was also loving the aggressive attention. Most importantly, she was distracted. Rebecca would not be noticing the sounds of Killian's increasingly noisy blowjob. 

Her hands and lips and tongue were working my cock, determined to bring me off. It was incredible. I forced my own tongue between Rebecca's lips, just so I would be in two girls' mouths at once. 

Let me tell you, cheating on your wife is exciting. Cheating on your mistress is doubly thrilling. But kissing your mistress while a new girl secretly scrubs your balls with her tongue, that is an unbeatable rush. 

I pulled Rebecca toward me insistently. She got the hint and hopped up on the counter. The mall wasn't really open yet. But there were a few walkers doing laps. If any of them cared to look, I was publicly molesting the owner of Knick Knack Paddy Whack. 

I slid my hand up Rebecca's leg, up under her skirt. She protested, and resisted, but I was stronger and more determined. Rebecca loves to be dominated, but she hasn't completely figured that out yet. I had her panties off and two fingers probing her pussy before she really had a chance to think about her exposure. 

It was like that, with my fingers in Rebecca's cunt, my tongue in her mouth and my cock in Killian's mouth, when I could hold off no longer. Killian knew I was on the edge and started humming, "Mmm-hmm, mmm-hmm, mmm-hmmm, inviting me to pump her mouth full of cum. 

I obliged her, moaning my ecstasy into Rebecca's mouth and filling Killian's cheeks with sperm. And Rebecca was moaning back. My hand jammed all the way up her skirt, I was strumming her clit as I finger-banged her pussy and she was jerking and writhing in her own orgasm. 

It was a long, long while before I even knew my own name again. There were tears running down my cheeks, I was panting like an overheated wolf, and every muscle in my body had been replaced by noodles and rubber bands. It was a miracle I was even on my feet. 

Rebecca eased away from my embrace and scooted back from my delving fingers. "That was...unexpected," she said breathlessly. She looked around, red-faced with embarrassment, hoping none of the mall walkers or early morning store crews had seen her orgasm on my fingers in the pizza pickup window. 

A little dazed, she climbed down out of the window, retreating back into the mall. "I don't think we should make a habit of that," she said, still panting a little. 

"I agree," I nodded. "But I couldn't help myself. The moment got away from me." 

From under the counter, Killian was grinning up at me, her lips still wrapped around my dick. I had poured every drop of semen I could manage down her throat. I was completely spent, no more to give, but Killian still held me in her mouth, reluctant to let go, as if fearing I still had one more sperm to ejaculate. 

"It was fun," Rebecca assured me. "But way too risky. If you need sex at work, bang your partner's daughter. I think she'd go for it." My cock went up and down as Killian nodded. 

"Tonight," she reminded me, "you're mine. Expect to stay the night." 

"Tonight," I agreed. Rebecca gave me a fond smile, a quick kiss, and then walked away, slightly unsteady on her legs, to go open her own shop for the day's business.

Only then did Killian release me from the wonderful prison of her soft, giving mouth. Gently and courteously, she tucked me back in my pants and zipped me up.

"Enjoy that?" she asked, rising to her feet, a knowing, mischievous smile on her face.

"How could I not?"

"What did you think of the pictures?" she asked.

"You're a very pretty girl," I told her, still a little stunned by the boldly pornographic images she'd so proudly created.

"Yes, I am," she agreed. "And every pretty girl looks better with a dick in her mouth or cum on her face." I couldn't argue the point. She was right. 

"I think you should do as your girlfriend and my Mama suggested."

"What were those suggestions?" I asked.

"Rebecca told you to bang your partner's daughter while you're working. Mama said you should teach me a few things. I was quite interested in your discussion with Rebecca about spankings. I've never been spanked. Maybe that's the first thing you can teach me."

I was too stunned to answer her. For one brief moment, I had an opportunity to take control of this, to stop it before I got entrenched. But I couldn't make my lips move. I couldn't find the voice to determine my own destiny. 

And then the moment ended. Maureen came out of the kitchen. "Carl, our new delivery van is ready. Logo, phone number, website all big and bold on the side and rear. The pictures look great. But those morons say we have to pick it up. It's still in the finishing yard over in Powhatan. If they cross the state line, they have to pay business taxes here. And their insurance carrier won't cover them unless they obtain a business license in this state. 

"Ivan and Jake are coming in to help me here in the store. You and Killian drive out there and get the damn thing. Take my car. Killian can drive it back while you road-test the van. It's a five-hour drive, so you may as well spend the night out there. If you try to come back tonight, one or the other of you will be driving ten hours. Unacceptable. Dangerous. Stay in a nice hotel and have a good dinner and breakfast. Charge it to the store's credit card."

I was already texting Rebecca to let her know that the evening's plans would have to be postponed a day. I promised to bring her a gift from Powhatan. But Killian was making new plans of her own. 

"Mama, can I stay in Carl's room? It would save some money."

Maureen gave me a speculative look. I tried hard to look completely innocent, as if I hadn't just poured a bucket of cum down her daughter's throat. But Maureen is as good as her daughter at seeing hidden truths. 

"Fine," she said finally. "It's not a bad idea. Take good care of my daughter, Carl. We're both counting on you."

"Yay!" Killian cheered, clapping her hands. Maureen handed me her car keys and went back into the kitchen. I took off my apron and grabbed up my cellphone, trying to understand how I'd suddenly gained a sweet little side piece. 

"What did she mean, 'we're both counting on you,'?" I asked. "Counting on me for what?"

"Mama's worried about me," Killian confessed. "She caught me watching instructional porn."

"What the hell is instructional porn?"

"How-to videos. How to tie up a lover. How to take it up the ass. How to give a blowjob. That kind of thing. I love those videos. I watch them all the time."

"Maureen doesn't want you watching porn?"

"She wouldn't care if I was doing porn. But she thinks I'm afraid of sex."

"If you love porn, how can you be afraid of sex?"

Killian gave me a shy little smile. "Until this morning, all I did was watch. You were my first blowjob. Congratulations. And thank you."

"Oh no. I should be thanking you. I guess I should feel honored."

"Yes, you should. And you will have an opportunity to rack up more honors. Mama said you should teach me a few things. Let's go to Powhatan and start the lessons."