 I rolled over on my back, let my head fall over the side of the bed and ducked between his thighs so I could get my mouth to his balls, those sweet cum-filled balls that hung low in their sack. I kept stroking his hard cock with my left hand, and I brought my right hand up off my clit so I could pull at his sack, gently pulling it down so the balls would be tight, and the tongue bath I gave him would leave his sack wet.

I kept trying to stroke him with my left hand. Well "stroke" is hardly the term when you can only get your hand barely around half of a two inch thick shaft. 

(I had met “my man” at a party a few weeks ago. He was the friend of a friend who knew I had been without a male partner for a few months, and also knew that my last boyfriend was not too well-endowed. After a few drinks and some personal small talk, I confided in him that I just needed a “fuck buddy”, ready to come service my pussy when I needed. He smiled and took my hand from my drink and guided it to the lump in the front of his jeans. I purred as I felt the hard bulge there and ran my fingers up and down the shaft. We quickly found an empty closet and I dropped to my knees and blew him right there. He was perfect, about eight or nine inches long and two inches around. My hand could barely encircle his cock. I gave him a frantic but enthusiastic blowjob and swallowed his entire load. After we finished and straightened our clothes, we tried to sneak out but were greeted with cheers and applause as everyone had gathered within sight of the closet. We were both extremely embarrassed but I was tingling because I knew I had found a new toy!)

As I kept "stroking" and licking, with an occasional moan to vibrate his balls, I felt his hand join mine and hold it steady, as he started a slow thrusting movement, his cock sliding between our joined hands and his balls sliding across my open mouth and tongue.

I knew his hips thrusting meant only one thing: He wanted to cum soon. I felt his hand leave mine and both hands grabbed my tits. His balls pressed to my face as he lowered his shaft to the valley between them. I let go of his cock so I could hold both of my tits together, and I shuddered at the feeling of his engorged cock nestled there. I gave each of his nuts a quick suck, and then licked his cock from underneath to give him some lube (as if my sweat wasn't enough!). He stuck his cock back between my tits and started fucking in a long and deep stroke. Each time he drew himself back I licked and slurped at his nuts for the quick seconds I was given an opportunity.

He slammed away between my tits for what seemed like an eternity since I wanted that hard cock buried in my dripping wet pussy. My eyes were closed and I was lost in the sensation of having my tits ravaged by his thick cock when his voice broke my trance, "Where do you want it slut, mouth or tits?" 

I quickly came back to reality and answered him by grabbing his throbbing cock and pushing him back from my head. He stepped back far enough for me to open my mouth wide. He knows I love to suck him off this way, an easier way to deep-throat as much as I can while he can play with my tits or lean forward and stroke my clit.

But not this time. He just stood there with his hand stroking his cock as I licked his cockhead and strained to get my mouth over the big purple end. Finally he stepped forward and stuck a good three inches of cock into my mouth. He stopped stroking with his hand and used my mouth instead. I tightened my lips around his cock (best that I could) as he kept thrusting into my mouth. He asked if I would throat him and I nodded yes. With that nod of my head he thrust again until his cock hit the entrance of my throat. He asked again if I was sure I wanted to throat him. 

I answered by reaching both hands up and grabbing his ass, pulling him into my mouth. His cockhead pushed its way into my throat and my eyes teared as I fought back the gag reflex. He stroked his cock a few times and as my hands pushed him back a little to get some air I noticed that his balls were right in front of my nose and he still had 3-4 inches to go. This was about as far as I had ever tried to take him. He pulled back and left just his cockhead in my mouth. As I tried to slurp down all the saliva I had in my mouth, He asked if I was okay. I nodded yes and expected a moments rest when I heard him say "Good" and he slid himself back into my mouth to the top of my throat again. Then an alarm went off when he said " 'Cause yer getting it all the way to the balls, you slut!" My eyes flew open as he pushed forward and slid his throbbing cock into my throat. 

I laid there struggling, my legs kicking and my hands clawing at his stomach as he impaled my face with his cock. He grabbed my hands and held them as he sawed his cock back and forth into my throat. I soon felt his balls pressing against my nose and part of me cheered that I had taken it all. He fucked my throat for a few strokes then pulled back. He told me to breathe quickly and after a few seconds he thrust back into my throat. He fucked my throat for about 5 or 6 deep, long strokes, then pulled out for a few seconds and started again.

I heard him say "I'm gonna see how this feels" as he stroked back into my throat. I wondered what he was doing as he slid in all the way with his balls on my face. I felt him use one hand to hold both my wrists and free up his other hand. I hoped he was going to lean forward and squeeze my tits but not tonight. He reached down and started to massage my throat. It felt weird and I thought he was just gloating over his size again when he reached back and started to massage my Adam's apple.

(For those of you who don't, massaging your Adam's apple causes you to uncontrollably swallow...)

My mind tensed as I did not know exactly how to react. My

throat started to instinctivly swallow at the stimulation I was given. I felt my throat tighten and release around his hard cock. I heard him groan in pleasure as he muttered "Oh shit that's incredible". He pulled back out of my throat and I gasped for air. After a quick moments rest he shoved his cock back down my throat and started massaging again. My throat defied me by swallowing around his cock, and tears formed in my eyes as I was fighting the gag reflex. After a few seconds he pulled out and I coughed to try to fill my lungs. 

He thrust again and I felt helpless. My throat swallowed 

around his cock convulsively a few times and then I felt him shudder and release my hands. I felt his cock spasm in my throat and the feeling of hot fluid being poured down my throat. He shot what felt like two or three spurts down my throat and pulled out. He grabbed his cock tightly and told me to breath quickly. After a few gulps of air he shoved his cock in my mouth and let fly with the rest of his load. I moaned as I love the feel of his cock spurting in my mouth, and I swirled my tongue around the head and licked at his tip. I opened my eyes to see he had put his hands on his hips, which means he wants me to drain his cock. I reached up and started stroking his cock with alternating hands towards my mouth. I felt the last of his cum seep into my mouth.

I then felt him grab my hands around the wrists and pull them up. He stepped forward and shoved his cock deep into my mouth again. I knew what he wanted. I tightened my lips around his cock and sucked for all I was worth. He then dragged his cock slowly out of my mouth, making a loud pop as I released him.

"Is it?" He asked.

"Yes" I replied, " your cum slut has cleaned your cock."

I laid there for a few moments, catching my breath and letting my body recover from the delicious yet strenuous activity we just had.

I knew not to get too relaxed because my lover had one fantastic quality - the ability to keep his erection after his first cum.

I looked over to the bathroom door and watched him come back towards the bed stroking his glistening cock. I looked at him strangely, knowing that my pussy was definitely wet enough for him. He just smiled. I tentatively asked him if he was going to try to fuck my ass. He just smiled again, then asked cautiously "Why? Do you wanna try it again?"

"No," I replied, "It still hurts thinking about the last time we tried it. So why all the lube?"

He walked to the other side of the bed, grabbed my ankles and pulled my ass to the edge of the mattress. I spread my legs and gasped as he roughly stuck the slick head of his cock between my lips. He slid in right to the balls on the first thrust and my voice went silent as my body arched at the sudden invasion. He then put my ankles up on his shoulders and held my thighs tight to his stomach and stood up, raising my ass off the bed. After he got into a good stance, he started jack-hammering that cock of his into my pussy. I reached out and grabbed the sheets and held on for dear life. He gruffly commanded me to play with my tits. I let go of the sheets and started pinching and twisting the nipples on my bouncing tits. God I love it when he fucks me hard!

I laid there in total bliss as my body was wracked with an orgasm. I came (pardon the pun) to my senses when he stopped and jammed his cock deep inside me. I looked at him, knowing he was far from cumming but wondering what was going to happen next. He told me to reach over and grab a pillow and put it under my ass. I did and he let my body down and pushed my knees back into my tits, then grabbed my ankles and held them together. He told me to cross my arms behind my knees and hold my legs down so he could "fuck me like a proper slut." I did as I was told.

With my body folded over and my pussy at his mercy, he continued his assault. I laid there and tried to fathom the concept of where I was, who I was, and what my place in the universe was as I was subjected to the most delicious of tortures. I was shocked back to conciousness as I felt his hand leave my hips and start to fiddle with my clit. I started to scream no as my body further shook with orgasms. I released my legs and tried to reach down and move his hand away from my clit. He shouted "grab your legs slut!" and pushed my hand back. I feebly pulled my hands back and locked them around my knees, allowing him full access to my pussy. He continued to bang away at me and finger my clit, and my head swam with the delirious pleasure he gave me.

I had long lost count of how many orgasms I'd had when he then sent me off the deep end. As sensitive as my clit is, when you pinch it between two fingers I lose all control. That's what he did next. I forgot my place and my hips started to strain and try to pull away from his fingers, making his pinch now become a slight pull on my clit. My mind was a fog as I thought I heard something. I looked up as he said "grab your knees slut or else!" Lost as I was, my mind didn't register what he said. 

I watched in silence as he pulled his cock out of me with a “pop”. I started to sit up as I heard him rustling around in the bathroom. He came out carrying the belts from the terrycloth bathrobes. He pulled me up to stand and told me to put my hands behind my back. I did and he tied my hands together, not too tight but tight enough I couldn't get them loose. He then put then other belt around my neck and told me to lay down.

I laid back on the bed and he pushed my knees back into my tits, then he grabbed the two loose ends of the belt and tied them together holding my knees back. I was helpless with my pussy exposed and waited for him to continue fucking me when he stepped over to the cabinet next to the bed. Oh no. He pulled my 12 inch studded dildo and my 8-inch vibe out of the drawer. He grinned as he could see the fear in my eyes. My body tensed as I felt the thick head of the dildo open my pussy lips, and then seem to slide in by itself once the head got in. I looked at his stern face as he slowly sawed the dildo back and forth in my pussy, letting one row of "pleasure bumps" enter, then pulled out, then two rows, etc. I laid there gasping and practically crying as he slowly worked the dildo deeper into me, knowing how a slow fuck turns me on.

I opened my eyes to see another smirk on his face, and before I could ask what he lowered his mouth down and started licking and sucking my clit as he fucked me with the dildo. My body squirmed yet again as the pleasure rolled over and through me. I was on the brink of going completely mad when he stopped licking, stood up and pulled the dildo from my pussy. He told me to open my mouth and lick the dildo clean as he held it in front of my face. I licked and slurped at the fake dong and tasted my own juices. After he twirled it around so I could clean it like an ear of corn, he told me to open wide and stuck the dildo in my mouth. "Hold it there and suck it like my cock, you slut. Don't let it fall."

I obeyed his orders as I felt his hard cock slide into my now very slick pussy. I tongued at the dildo bobbing obscenely in my mouth, trying to keep it upright but yet allow myself to breathe normally. He grabbed my hips and started banging his cock into at a rapid pace. After a couple minutes of hard strokes, he slowed up and kept a nice slow pace going, the kind that makes me scream. But I couldn't scream. I could only manage a stifled moan as I kept a hold on the dildo in my mouth. Just then I heard a slight buzzing noise, and then my body tensed as I felt him using the 8-inch vibe to play with my clit. 

That was it! My body and pussy betrayed me and I felt my asshole and cheeks become damp as my juices just started pouring out of me. I was cumming profusely. I was tied with my hands under me, my legs pulled back to my chest opening my pussy to his big cock, a vibe working away on my clit and my lips wrapped around a sizable dildo that tasted of my own pussy. God I was in heaven!

As the waves of pleasure overtook me again, I lost my senses and let the dildo fall out of my mouth as I moaned. Seeing this, he stopped and pulled his cock out. I looked down in protest but too tired to say anything. He smiled again and shook his head. "My slut don't pay attention very well...guess I'll just teach her a lesson." I felt him slide the vibrator down from my clit and all around my pussy lips. God this was driving me nuts as well. After a few ministrations he slid the vibe into my pussy and seemed to ream it around. After his cock and the dildo, I doubted my pussy would feel the inch thick vibe. After a few strokes he said "Now it's all wet, lesson time." He pulled the vibe out of my pussy and in one stroke jammed it into my ass. My body arched and tried to get away from the pain, and I yelled at him to leave my ass alone and to fuck me hard and make me cum. 

"Oh, I will" he smiled and pushed the vibe deeper into my asshole. I am not an anal queen but I'm not a virgin there either. I could feel the vibe about 3-4 inches deep inside me. Then he grabbed the end and turned the vibe on "full", and my ass clenched down as the vibe started to do it's job. He then stuck his cock back inside my pussy and leaned forward so he was actully pounding me down into the bed. I laid there moaning in pleasure and pain as he fucked me hard, my hands trying to reach down and dislodge the vibrator. With my pussy in high gear, I felt his cock swell and I screamed as I felt him shoot his load inside me. He pumped into me a few more times and then leaned back a little bit, his muscular chest glistening with sweat, the same sweat that dripped on me. "Milk it" was his command and I tighten my now aching pussy muscles around his cock. He groaned at this pleasure and gave me a few more strokes.

He climbed off me, pulled the vibrator out of my ass slowly and came around to my head. He pulled me by the shoulders to the edge and let my head fall over. He stuck his wet cock into my mouth as I cleaned him again, savoring the taste of his cum and my pussy juices. He untied the belt around my knees and my legs extended out in a "thwack" on the bed. He rolled me to one side and untied my hands. I heard him go into the bathroom as I drifted off to sleep.

I awoke about two hours later to the sound of the tv. The clock said 9:45 pm. I visited the bathroom and washed up a little, got a drink of juice and went out to join him. He was in the recliner with the dildo, the vibrator, lube and the two bathrobe belts sitting next to him. I asked him what was on and he didn't reply as the screen was showing the days sports news. 

I was heading for the couch when he said "C'mere". I stood in front of him and he said to hold out my hands. I did and he tied them together like before, tight enough I couldn't get loose but not tight enough to cut my circulation. He pulled the couch over close to the recliner and then told me to hold my legs together. I did and he tied my thighs together with the other belt. He then positioned me over the armrest of the couch. He laid a towel over the armrest and pushed me forward. My hands caught me and he slid me forward until my ass was on top of the armrest and up in the air. I smiled and asked if he was going to fuck me again. He said sure. 

He grabbed the vibrator and poured some lube on it. I was expecting it in my ass when he slid it into my pussy. With my legs bound tight my pussy was now a tighter orifice, certaining tighter than when he fucked me some time before. He turned the vibe on a medium setting and then pushed it deep in me. I moaned a little as I felt it working inside me. I then felt lube being poured onto my asshole. I shouted back at him that I wasn't ready for his big cock in my asshole yet. I heard a laugh and then felt him slap his semi-erect cock on my asscheeks. I protested again and pleaded with him as I felt his cock get harder as it slapped my butt. He backed away and I felt his finger probing my bunghole. This I didn't mind. Soon he was dipping his finger into my ass and I moaned as the pleasure part overtook the pain. Then he added a second finger. This too took awhile to get used to. I was expecting a third finger when he said ready, and out of the corner of my eye I saw him pick up the studded dildo. I felt more lube being squeezed between my asscheeks and then I felt the head of the dildo being pushed against my asshole. I shouted no in protest but it was too late. 

I squirmed as the big head of the dildo stretched my asshole muscles. I tried to clench and keep the invader out but he slapped my ass and said open up slut! I kept trying but soon I lost when the head slid into my ass. My mind was screaming as it registered the pain of a thick dildo in my ass. I felt more lube being poured around my asshole and then he pushed it in another inch up to the first row of studs. He told me to hold it there and went off.

He came back in a minute after washing his hands and fingers. I looked to my left and saw him sit on the recliner with a beer and a bag of chips. With his left hand he grabbed the remote and with his right he grabbed the dildo and began slowly buttfucking me. He pulled it back until just the head was in, then he pushed in slow strokes until I took the first row of studs again. Then he pulled back, stroked a couple short strokes then he plunged in two rows deep. 

Back and forth he went, teasing me that he might pull it out then plunging it in deeper than before. Between bites of chips and swigs of beer, his left hand would stroke his cock. He would stroke whenever I would moan, and I noticed when I cried out in pain his cock would dance as if alive. I saw his cock was really hard when he let go of the dildo and got in front of me on the couch, telling me to open my mouth. I raised up on my hands and he stuck his throbbing cock into my mouth, filling me with another load of his cum, as well as the faint taste of the potato chips. After I sucked him clean he sat back down and kept working that dildo into my ass. 
