  (This story is derived from "Albert's Letters", a fantastic story by "Softly" about a woman on an exclusive chartered cruise filled with horny women and hugely endowed men. This story has enthralled me and I have masturbated profusely to this story while reading it. I asked the author's permission to "join" this pleasure cruise, and "Softly" has been gracious enough to grant me consent to embellish the story's theme. Thank you again "Softly" and readers please venture over to the Group Sex section to read the original story theme. Here is my fantasy. I hope you read "Day One")

* * * * *

I stretched and slowly awoke from my night's slumber. My eyes focused on the bedside clock and it read 1:15. Yikes! I had slept over 12 hours. I must have really been tired, then my mind remembered why. I laughed inside and a smile crept into my face. No one was around but I blushed anyway. I kicked off the cover and felt my pussy. My lips felt fine and apparently I had returned to normal size. I was afraid yesterday's activities had stretched me out.

I got up and put on the bathrobe as I went into the bathroom. I yawned and brushed both my hair and my teeth. I made my way back into the kitchen and was surprised to find a plate of croissants and jellies, with a jug of orange juice and a small gift bag. I got a glass and sat down to grab a quick bite. The bag contained another small bikini, this one orange, and two memos: one a questionnaire and the other a schedule. 

The schedule read: 

"MAGNIFICENT COCK CLUB CRUISE

Day Two Itinerary--

Noon to 5:30 p.m.: Please feel free to explore this beautiful ship during the sunlight hours. Sunbathing, nude or otherwise is encouraged on the sun deck near the rear of the ship. Lunch and other foods available in various locations up until 3:30. 

6:00 p.m. : Dinner 

After dinner you are encouraged to either return to your room for rest or stay and enjoy cocktails. Please make sure you return to the Grand Dining Hall promptly at 8:00 p.m.

8:00 p.m.: Presentation

8:30 p.m.: Delegation and festivities

Thank you and enjoy your day."

HmmmI guess I am wearing orange today. I wondered who was the genius or diabolical mind behind all this. I finished a croissant and a half, cleared the table and then put on my color of the day. Just like the yellow one, it was a tight fit, barely covered my areolas and was a thong bottom. I grabbed a towel and my tanning lotion and headed out.

I noticed a lot of gorgeous women laughing and having a good time as I made it up the stairs to the main deck. I smiled as the sun warmed me but the cool ocean breeze washed over me. I walked towards the back of the ship and looked up to see men hanging over the rails above, whistling and hollering. I smiled and waved at some of them and changed my walk to a slow saunter to show off my tits and ass. Some of the guys were shouting how they'd take care of me later. One group of black guys were shouting at me and I reached my finger inside my bikini bottom, then ran my finger across my lips and into my mouth. The black guys erupted in laughter and I saw some of them reach down to their crotches.

I made it to the sun deck, and was pleased to see a couple dozen women sunning themselves. I found an empty recliner and made myself comfortable. I looked back to see the three levels above full of guys watching all the women below. Some were pointing, and some held binoculars to scan the flesh in the sun. I looked around at the women and some kept their bikini's on, some were topless and some totally nude. One lady whose big tits had dropped to her sides, had drawn an arrow with her sunscreen pointing towards her pussy. 

I was just about to lather myself up when someone took the chair beside me. She said hi, and I recognized her as the young girl from the table last night. I said hello back and she said how she recognized me from our room last night. I said "Yeah, I saw you on the table."

Her name was Jennifer and she was a stripper from Indiana. She had brunette hair in a short style, big tits that looked like she might still be growing, and wide hips with a nice butt. She still had that baby-fat look to her. Her face was very cute but she had a worried look to her.

She said she had wondered how her name got an invitation. She didn't recognize any guy here nor did she know anyone who ever heard of this special cruise. I explained to her that I didn't know how they got my name either, but after last night I was glad they did. She agreed and we both looked up at the guys leering at us.

"Want to give them a show?" I asked.

"Sure."

With that I sat up and told her to sit down and face me. I filled my hand with lotion then gave her the same. I started to rub the lotion on her upper chest and then looked up at the guys. Some were pointing our way and whistling. She did the same and as if by telepathy we both reached back to untie our tops. The whistles turned to cheers as we spread the tanning lotion over each other's tits. I leaned forward to say something to her when she surprised me by actually frenching my mouth. We kissed deeply and she slid her mouth down to suck my nipples. My back arched and I rubbed the lotion on her shoulders and neck as she suckled my tits like a baby. She giggled and leaned back so I could do the same. I leaned forward and took her nipple in my mouth. I licked a circle and then held the nipple between my teeth. I flicked it with my tongue and she purred. I switched over to her other breast and she was smiling as we heard the cheers from above. 

I reluctantly let her tit pop from my mouth and stood up. I dropped my top completely off and swung it around in the air at the guys. The hoots and hollers were abundant and I told Jennifer to lay down so I could do her back. She laid flat and I undid her top as I poured the lotion on her back. I straddled her chair and looked up at the guys as I lowered my tits into the lotion and spread it around her back. She turned her head back to say she loved it as I slowly and sensously stroked my tits from her ass to her neck. When I came up to her head I purred in her ear and asked if she sunbathed nude. She nodded yes and I untied her bikini bottom. 

The guys cheered loudly as her ass was exposed, and she started giggling. I noticed some of the other women were watching and wondering what the commotion was about. I stepped to one side and poured more lotion on her lower back and her shapely butt. She flinched when some lotion dropped in her crack, feigning her disapproval and saying it was cold. I reached down and spread the lotion around on each cheek and down each leg a little. My hand returned to her lower back and then I stroked the lotion between her buns. Her body arched and fingers slid down to her pussy mound. She moaned as my fingers worked over her pussy. I didn't need much more lotion as soon her pussy was wet to the touch, and my finger wandered up to her bunghole. I decided to go for broke and slid a finger inside. She moaned again and tried to turn over but my other hand in the middle of her back held her down. 

I felt something brush up to me and noticed a lady had gotten up and come over to join us. She slid her finger into Jennifer's pussy, first one then two. She pumped a few times before adding a third finger. She said he name was "Teresa" and was a young blonde with a big nose two big tits which HAD to be fake. They stood out on her chest like missles. She kept pumping Jennifer's hole and then used her other hand to massage her clit. After a few more moments of this, I finally let Jennifer turn over and pulled my finger out of her ass. Jennifer looked at me with "bedroom eyes" and told me to come here. I came up to her face and she pulled me up towards her. She grabbed at my ass and told me to straddle her face. I did just that and lowered my pussy onto her awaiting tongue. I stood there enjoying the sensation and heard her scream into my pussy. I looked back to see Teresa's face buried in Jennifer's pussy. 

I closed my eyes and let her tongue work over my pussy when a guy came out yelling at us. He was one of the yellow shirt crew and came out yelling at us that sex in the open air during daylight hours was prohibited. He explained that if any planes or other cruise ships came close enough to see, they'd lose their charter and rights to the ship. We all stopped and a chorus of boos came from above. Our audience was upset and started throwing things down at the yellow shirt guy. Before he could run for cover Teresa grabbed his arm and kissed him deep. He looked at her incredulously and realized he was tasting Jennifer's pussy and smiled. Teresa gave him a wink and grabbed his ass as he turned to leave. I returned to my chair and decided I wanted the tan lines so I put my bikini back on. I looked to see Jennifer making a pouty face. "Why don't you stay naked?" she said. I just smiled and said it's not for me. We laid there and chatted for a couple hours in the sun. 

About 4:30 or so I made it back to my cabin. I showered up to clean off and used my hair dryer to dry my wet bikini. I hung it to dry a little and just lounged around the cabin. 

I was getting ready about 5:30 in my bikini and applying makeup when I heard my doorbell ring. I opened it to find Nicole there in a white bikini. She came on in asked how I was doing. I said fine and she said she wanted to dine with me tonight before the "festivities". I questioned her and said the itinerary didn't have orange and white together. She explained that you could eat wherever you wanted, and the colors meant where you were going after dinner. She wanted to get down to the Grand Dining Hall to find a seat but we were told it was full. We went to Dining Hall 3 and found a nice table. 

We chatted and she filled me in more about herself. I asked her if we should get so friendly and she said that names were not be exchanged with guys, women could socialize and become friends away from the cruise if they wished. I told her about my afternoon and she said "Oh yeah, so you were the ones getting it on on the sundeck!" I blushed a little and asked where she spent the afternoon. She gave me a look and said "Do I look like I need to lay out?"

We laughed and were joined by a few tall muscular black men, two of which were twins. After a nice meal, a few drinks and repeated offers from the guys to join them in the "Zebra Room" when given the chance, Nicole & I went back to our cabins to freshen up, then up to the main dining hall. 

It was almost 8:00 when we sauntered into the Grand Dining Hall. The emcee was taking the stage and people were milling around trying to find seats or a good view. After a round of applause and a few jokes, he said "Okay folks, we have a treat for you here in the big room. It has always been a tradition in our breast crazy male society for the second night festivities to begin with a rather unique event. We have found the lady with the largest breasts, and I don't mean the chicken variety, and paired her off with five of our most "heavy hitters". We'd like to welcome to the stage Miss Mary Ellen and her two friends."

A round of applause ensued as a short lady made her way up and when she finally stepped up on the stage her huge tits came into view. They were barely covered by her red bikini and hung down almost to her belly button. I'd figure a woman with tits that size would be chunkier or a real fat-ass but she wasn't. She smiled and waved to the crowd, and the emcee asked her if she was enjoying herself. She said yes and remarked how last night was a magnificent experience for her. Everyone chuckled at her choice of words, and she blushed and remarked "no pun intended". 

The emcee asked her "So how big are these things anyway?"

"Well, let's just say I usually just use two buckets to hold them up. I was thinking about reduction surgery, but…"

"Wait a minute now" he chimed in, "that's a bad word to say around here!"

She giggled and finished. "What I meant to say was after all the attention I and they received last night, there's no way I'm gonna change them."

The emcee clapped and smiled, "Let's her it for the little lady and her big things! So now honey, How do want to meet your victims for tonight."

"As somebody here must know, I love to be tied down and fucked hard, so let's just do me like last night."

Some guys cheered and the emcee asked her "Do you want to meet the guys before or after?"

She wanted to be tied down first and mentioned how it turned her on to be tied down and helpless while the cocks came into view. A few of the helpers led her to the mattress on the raised platform in the middle of the stage. Cameras and lights had been set up, and I overheard someone say that some of the action could be bought later on video.

After she was tied down and spread wide (Hmmm, that looks familiar),

she received some attention from one of the nurses, five guys were brought out and introduced as the five winners from last night. They were wearing red kilts and were smiling as they waved to the crowd. Some ladies were cheering loudly for the guys the recognized or knew perhaps in a more intimate way. Mary Ellen was then blindfolded as the nurse stepped away. The guys then were told to drop their kilts, which they did, which brought cheers, whistles, gasps and probably a marriage proposal or two. Nicole & I moved in for a closer look and I was awestruck as the five guys were enormous. Each cock had to be over a foot long, and as if they had read my mind, the guys were handed a ruler which they held down to compare then pass on to the next guy. All of them were as long or longer than the ruler, and they still weren't totally erect.

The emcee instructed them to approach the mattress, and the circled around that lucky lady and started to caress her body as they masturbated their cocks. They managed to pull her top off and her huge jugs fell off her chest. God they were massive! Two guys each grabbed a nipple and lifted her tits until the weight and strain were too much. She moaned aloud and someone pointed to the wet spot on her bikini bottom. All five guys then gathered around her head stroking their erection. The emcee reached in and pulled her blindfold away and asked her to say "hello" to the guys. He held the microphone over her mouth and we could hear her gasp loudly. 

There was a quick nervous laugh followed by "Sweet Jesus!" which echoed throughout the big room. "You boys are gonna stretch me out so much it'll be a tunnel afterwards." 

The emcee laughed and each guy leaned over her head stuck his cock into her face. Her mouth stretched wide to accommodate one cock, then the next, and so on. The last guy was stopped by the emcee and introduced. "Coming in at 13 and a half inches long by 4 inches thick, please give it up for Brian!" Gasps and incredulous looks went around the huge room as he waved and then stuck his huge cockhead into Mary Ellen's mouth. The emcee played the part of a wise-ass and held the mike to her mouth. "What did you say Mary Ellen? Second thoughts?"

A muffled groan was all we heard.

From my vantage point I could see her lips stretched wide over the cockhead, and Brian pushed down a little and her hands pulled at their restraints. The emcee made his way to her pussy and a camera was brought in close. You could see her bikini bottom was visibly wet.

"Oh, you're ready to get started I see" the emcee remarked. "Okay, Brian, time to give this lady what she wants.

Brian nodded and his cock bobbed up into the air as it left her mouth. A huge mirror above the platform dropped down closer as Brian stepped between her legs. He was handed some lube and turned to say something to the emcee. The emcee turned around and asked "Brian needs a volunteer to grease his cock. Any takers?"

Before I could even move, a lady with short red hair jumped on stage smiling and laughing. She walked up to Brian and he bent down to kiss her. He handed her the lube, and she filled her hands and giggled as she knelt down to grab his cock. She giggled loudly and shouted "Oh my Gawd!" as her hands slid up and down the shaft, both hands unable to make it around. 

After a few strokes, the emcee pulled her away from her task and helped her down off the stage. "C'mon ladies, we can find someone a little more inspired, can't we?" I made my way closer but as I got about halfway there, a dishwater blonde lady made it up to the emcee. There were a few hoots and hollers as her chunky body came into full view. Saggy boobs, a flat butt and wide hips was all she had, and the bikini didn't flatter her much either. Oh shit, she was wearing orange also.

She grabbed the tube of lube and knelt in front of Brian. She squeezed the lube out on top of his shaft like she was putting ketchup on a hot dog. She held his cock up to her mouth and pushed his head right in, her cheeks puffing with his girth, and her hands started to spread the lube around. We watched intently and noticed that a few inches of his monster had disappeared into her mouth. Brian threw his head back and then glared at the blonde. Her mouth looked like she was chewing his dick, and he reluctantly pulled back. She grabbed his cock as it left her mouth and got up, licking her lips as she walked off the stage.

"Now for the main event" announced the emcee, and Brian took his place between Mary Ellen's outstretched legs. He held his cockhead at her pussy and moved it around a bit, opening her lips. He got about half the head in when he let go and started to slide into her, his hands grabbing her legs. The camera came in close to her face as it registered disbelief, fear, pain and ecstacy all up on the big screen. He thrust in a little at a time, held it and then pulled back until just the head was in. The other four guys stood around stroking, waiting for their turn. 

From my view, it looked like he was about halfway in, when she looked up at the emcee. He leaned down then held the mike in front of her mouth. "C'mon baby, give 'em what they paid for. Sink the pink!"

Brian held still for a second to adjust his footing, and then I watched his ass tense as he drove down into her. His cock slid into her and her back arched and she screamed something unintelligible. He pulled back out and then jammed it in again and she grunted and moaned loudly. After a couple more thrusts, two guys stopped stroking themselves and held her huge tits up to Brian's mouth. It took all four of the guy's hands to hold them and Brian sucked as much of each tit his mouth could hold. She was moaning loudly when Brian let go of her tit and leaned forward. He was really stroking that piston deep in her, and her moans got louder. 

We kept watching and soon Brian nodded at the emcee. He leaned over Mary Ellen asked her where she wanted it. "Inside me" she grunted between thrusts, "Fill me with your cum". A few more strokes and the room became practically silent as Brian's body tensed, and his butt cheeks flexed as his cock was losing its load. He threw his head back and screamed his orgasm. His screams were joined by Mary Ellen's pants and moans. He pumped his cock in a few more times and then pulled it out and stood up. His impressive manhood looked slimy and bloated and was dripping from the end. He crawled around to her face and stuck his cockhead into her mouth. She moaned as she swallowed his tool, and moaned louder when the next guy pushed his cock all the way in her pussy in one stroke. This guy wasn't as tall as Brian so he didn't have to lean over her so much, but he started in right away with a fast pace. We heard her gasping in pleasure when Brian pulled his limp cock out of her mouth and rubbed it over her face, allowing her to lick the sides as the second guy was banging her deep.

We watched as each of the "winners" got their chance with Mary Ellen, all of them filling her hole with their sizable cocks. Guy #2 came inside her. Guy #3 finished off by titty-fucking her and drenching her face with cum. Guy #4 pulled out shot his load all over her tummy and tits, some splattering her face. Guy #5, whose cock was the skinniest of the bunch but just as long, leaned her forward and we heard her exclaim "Not my ass too!" as he drove his cock into her. Sure enough the camera view on the big screen showed his cock embedded in her butthole. I was breathing heavy, wishing it were me up there getting all that attention. She writhed around as his cock was buried deep inside her, and I soon came to realize that men were watching me. I didn't know it at the time but it dawned on me that my hand was between my own legs fingering my pussy. I blushed and smiled at one guy when our attention went back to stage as she screamed out in a mixture of pain and pleasure. 
