 The following story is completely 100% true. The dialogue is only an interpretation of what happened, I don't remember them word for word. The events are as they happened. Please read the epilogue at the end of the story as it reveals what has become of Maria. A big thanks to all those who wrote us a message and have us as a favourite author. Marcus. 

- - - - - 

I was absolutely whacked. By my reckoning I'd had about 3 ½ hours sleep and I was still pissed and stoned. I drew myself a good hot bath and threw in some Epsom salts. For some reason I thought that would help. As the water pressure was pathetic I cooked up some bacon and eggs while the bath was filling and ate them sitting on the toilet. (No I wasn't going to the toilet.) I would have looked a pathetic sight if anybody had seen me. The guilt of having rooted another woman while married was starting to surface as the food took hold and the grog wore off. I was truly miserable as I lay in the bath. I'd only lasted a week before I was off sticking the old boy wherever I could. The reality that I'd just had the best sex I'd ever had was not far in the back of my mind. I'm not sure if it was the weed, the booze, my lack of sleep or the good old Catholic guilt but I started to cry. I was a howling mess. The funny thing was though once I stopped crying and composed myself I didn't feel a quarter as guilty as I had. Actually I started to feel amazingly horny. I was so tired though I just crashed out and went to bed.

At about 1.00 in the afternoon the phone woke me from my slumber and I stumbled out into the lounge room and grabbed the phone.

"G'day mate." It was Goodie. "You got me ute?"

"Yeah mate it's out the back. Safe and sound." What followed was about 2 hours of silence. Or al least it felt like 2 hours.

"That was pretty wild last night hey?" he said

"Yeah reckon." Was all I could muster. "She was pretty wild."

"Me mate Bucko is coming up from Melbourne this arvo and we thought we might come over for a few ales and watch the cricket."

"Yeah righto." I said feeling that a few beers was just what the doctor ordered.

I made myself some lunch and flicked on the telly to watch the cricket. I must have nodded off again because I woke up when I heard a knocking on the door. I thought it was Goodie and Bucko so boy was I shocked when, lo and behold, Maria was standing at the door.

"Fuck." I said.

"Hello again." she said. "May I come in."

"Yeah sure." I was in shock.

I was a bit worried about the neighbours seeing a strange woman coming into my house but I wasn't going to leave her, for all to see, out on the verandah.

"This place is nice." She said as she wandered through the house. When she walked out of the lounge room I noticed what she was wearing. She was dressed in a knee length black coat with fishnet stockings on and black stillettos. I eyeballed her as she stood before me and my cock twitched as I recalled the previous nights events.

"You like what you see then?" She asked.

"It's very nice." I said. I had come around to what was happening and I really had to ask. "Maria, Why are you here?" 

"Why am I here?" She said as she sat up on the dining room table. "I'm here to thank you for last night."

"Last night was thanks enough."

"You and Goodie fulfilled one of my biggest fantasies." She said as she began to open her coat. "And now I'm here to repay you." With those last words Maria opened her coat and revealed what I knew was underneath. Nothing. Nothing that is except for Maria wearing a pair of fishnet stockings and suspender belts. No knickers, no bra. Just one horny woman gagging to be fucked. My small brain took over from my big one instantly. But along with that came the guilt again. This time I couldn't blame the grog or the hooch. 

I just stood there looking at this sex mad wench and a big part of me wanted me to throw her back on the table and fuck her senseless. The more analytical and judgemental side said "Go get a beer." I excused my self and went into the kitchen and grabbed a beer out of the fridge. I opened it and stood sipping it as I rationalised the situation. I had to take a few things into account. 

1) I had already being unfaithful so a bit more with the same woman didn't matter. 2)No one would find out because as far as I could tell no one had seen anything. 3)These things don't normally happen. These types of things are what you read about in Penthouse letters. No one would believe it. 4)Maybe my wife was in some Balinese bungalow being fucked as we speak.

I was really starting to believe that this was OK. My only concern now was disease. But I had that covered by the condoms we still had in our top draw. My wife had been on the pill for only 3 months and we hadn't thrown out the frangers just yet. I grabbed another beer out of the fridge and took it into Maria.

"Let's understand something Maria." I said to her as I passed her a beer. "This is the last time OK. After this we are square." 

"Not a word to anyone." She said pre-empting what I was going to say.

"Agreed then." I said rearranging my dick in my pants. 

"You certainly do like what you see." She said as I rubbed my hard cock through my jeans. "You know I've never had orgasms like I had last night. You two have released an animal." With that Maria ran her hands down to her pussy and rubbed her delightful pussy. 

"My orgasms were so intense I thought I might black out." She said as she dropped her coat to the floor. "My word have I been wasting my time just fucking one man." Her talking like this was driving me nuts. When she popped her right leg up on the table and spread her legs I almost soiled my pants. My cock was about to explode. She rubbed her pussy and spread her pussy lips apart to show me her wetness. 

"Here." She said as she moved off the table. "Let me help you with those." She came over to me and squatted down on the floor. I could see her pussy lips open up as she squatted down. Boy did I want to fuck those. She flicked her hair back and grabbed at my belt buckle. In a flash she had my belt undone and had my zipper down. She reached into my undies and with the look of total lust pulled my aching cock out. 

I closed my eyes with bliss as she pulled on my dick. I looked down and saw her fishnet clad legs spread apart and her hand rubbing her pussy. My cock had a big blob of precum oozing out of the slit and Maria looked up at me as she slid her tongue underneath it and licked it up. Then she ever so gently slid my entire cock down her throat. This is the only time that anyone had been able to do this and not gag. Never before or since as anyone ever deep throated me. This was one seasoned performer. 

"Oh fuck girl." I said in exasperation. "If you don't slow down I'll fucking cum all over you." 

"I'm sure you'll get it back again." she said pulling on my cock even faster. "Besides we've got all night. I'm not in any rush." With that and the whole look of her bringing my fantasy to life was too much and I had the most furious orgasm I'd ever had. Whole jets of cum shot out all over her face, shoulder, hair and the floor as she pulled ferociously on my cock pumping, pumping, pumping. 

"Yeah cum all over me." She said. My wife and nearly all other girls I'd had were all rather coy and never really got into dirty talk. Maria's language made it all the more erotic. After I came she sucked my cock some more tempting life back into it. She didn't have to try hard, it barely went down. I would have been happy with just the blow job. Maria, however, had other ideas.

"Come here." She said to me as she dragged me into the lounge room. "Sit down."

I sat on the lounge as directed by this assertive nympho. Maria moved the coffee table out of the road and she looked splendid in her fishnets and suspenders. I was in awe of both the look of her and her enhanced horniness. It was then that I remembered that Goodie and Bucko were due to come over any minute. I thought it only fair to tell her.

"Maria." I said to her as she turned her back to me and bent over revealing her arse and pouting pussy lips. "Remember how this morning I borrowed Goodies car to get you home." 

Maria stood up and turned around to me. "Yes." She said.

"Well Goodie and a mate of his Bucko will be here soon to pick it up."

"Your fucking joking." she said. She seemed to almost pass out and had to sit on the lounge. "Do you think he'll want to do it again?"

"Well for fucks sake Maria. I'm the married one here and I want to. Of course he will." 

"I need a drink and a smoke." She said. "And what about his mate?" 

I went out to the kitchen and got the ciggies and the bong and another beer for myself. When I came back Maria had her legs spread wide apart and was rubbing her clit furiously. I thought I'd better lick her out before we all came shooting our loads all over the place. I lit her a ciggie and passed it to her and then knelt down on the rug in front of her gaping wet cunt. 

"Thought I'd best get a taste of this before the night ends." I said. I love licking pussy. I love it more when the woman is egging me on.

"Yeah suck my clit." and "Stick your tongue in my cunt." Were two of her favourites. It wasn't long and she was cumming all over my face. When I finished licking her she bent over and began licking all my juice off her face. Although she hardly needed it the news of a possible three dicks was getting her even hotter. 

"You don't know how long I've been wanting to be in an orgy." She said to me as she kissed me. "Thank you, thank you, thank you." 

We sat playing and rubbing each others bits and having drinks and bongs for what seemed like an hour when there was a knock on the door. 

"I'll get it." She said almost leaping off the lounge. 

"I hope it's not the Jehovah Witnesses." I said.

I heard the door open and then the unmistakeable voice of Goodie.

"Woohoo. She's fucking here. We don't have to go looking for her. Bucko this is her, Maria."

"Hi Bucko." She said.

Goodie came into the lounge and saw me in the nuddy holding a bong in my hand.

"You fucking prick." He said. "Fancy getting her over here without inviting me."

"She invited herself mate."

"I did at that." She said. "I was coming to your place tomorrow night." 

"You still can." 

Bucko walked in looking very shocked as he saw me sitting on the lounge, in the nude. 

"G'day Bucko." I said. "Ever shaken hands with a naked man before?"

"Um no...G'day" he said shaking my hand. "Beer in the fridge?" He asked holding up a slab of VB.

"Yeah mate, cheers." 

Goodie wasted no time and he walked up behind Maria and slipped his arms around her waist. She turned around and forced her tongue down his throat. Goodie went straight for the honey pot and grabbed a handful of her moist minge. My cock stirred back to life when Maria did what she did to me and squatted down in front of him and pulled his cock out of his pants.

"You going to fuck my arse again." She said to him. Just before she slipped his cock into her mouth. 

"Sure am." He answered. "I think we all will tonight."

Bucko had come back into the lounge with the beers and put them on the coffee table. I stood up and went over to Maria and offered her my cock which she took in her left hand. She swapped from Goodie to me and back again for a while and Bucko just sat on the lounge sucking piss and pulling on the bong.

Maria saw that he wasn't naked and stood up which made Goodie and I move away. 

"What are you fucking doing." She said with a joking tone. "You some sort of poofter?"

Goodie and I laughed at Bucko as he looked dumbfounded at Maria. She put her right leg up on the armrest of the lounge and spread her legs wide. She ran her hands down her side and rubbed her wet pussy. She reached over to his head and pulled him to her.

"Lick my pussy." She was being very dominant and controlling. She knew what she wanted. I sat back in the lounge chair and sucked on a beer as Bucko licked her out. Goodie stood behind her licking the back of her neck and massaging her boobs. 

"Suck my clit." She kept saying to him. "Make me cum." She kept thrusting her cunt into his face and I was sure he'd come out with a broken nose. Goodie started talking dirty into her ear but I couldn't make out what he was saying. All I could pick up was things like "Fuck your arse, cum in your arse, fuck your pussy." When he slid a hand down and slipped a finger up her arse she came all over Bucko's face. She leant over Bucko and Goodie went to work on her arse with two fingers. She looked over at me pulling on my cock with that glazed expression she'd had the night before. 

"Ok get off me girl." Bucko said pushing her away and standing up. "Goodie said you were a wild one. Now it's time for me to see how wild." He whipped his jeans off and pulled his shirt over his head. He was about six foot tall and well built. He played AFL and was very fit. He had long blonde hair and looked a bit of a surfie. His cock was about the same size as mine but maybe a bit thicker. He sat back down on the lounge and patted his lap. 

"Come sit on this." He said. Maria wasted no time and Bucko obviously wasn't too worried about STD's. She stood up and threw a leg over Bucko and from where I stood I had the perfect view of his cock sliding into her moist slit. I'm sure that from that moment on Maria was in a constant state of orgasmic bliss. Goodie put on a condom and greased it with some KY and had the perfect position to fuck her arse. I moved over to her face and sure enough her eyes were half open as Goodie and Bucko worked like professionals. I slipped my cock into her mouth and she seemed to come around for a while before she came again and zoned out. 

Bucko was going at it so hard that Goodie had to pull out."I'm going to cum in your pussy." He said to her. Maria just nodded and started bouncing some more as his cock made sloppy noises. He started to screw up his face trying to control his old boy but Maria just said "Cum in my pussy." and bang away he went. Maria kept hopping up and down on his cock as he shook his head in bliss. Maria eventually slid off his cock and flipped herself back on the lounge. She spread her legs wide revealing her cum filled pussy. Goodie didn't take long to fill her hole again and Bucko knelt up so that she could suck him off. I was happy to watch and yes I was worried about what Maria and now Bucko could have been carrying. 

For the rest of the night Bucko and Goodie, who soon gave up on using condoms, fucked Maria on the foldout sofa. I didn't let them go into our bedroom. I didn't fuck Maria that night although I wanked over her face and at about two o'clock in the morning the three of them climbed into the ute and took off. Goodie said that she stayed at his place all Sunday and the three of them just fucked all day. I was happy to simply stay at home and reminisce.

Now you'll want to know what happened to Maria. I rarely saw Maria after that day and when I did we would have a quick chat and that would be that. She did move to Melbourne for two years but returned in 1995 to get married. She'd been proposed to by a local and she was moving back to town to live with him. They got married (I took the photos) and six weeks later, yes six weeks, he came home and found her in bed with two trainee pilots from the local airfield. The whole town knew about it and she quickly returned to Melbourne. She'd obviuosly not gotten over those nights back in 1988. Most recently however I have come to discover that Maria has become a Born Again Christian. But crazy people like Maria do crazy things and boy I'd really like to see her sermons.