 What happens to a daughter of two free spirits who travelled the world in search of harmony and enlightenment throughout their youth, and once their daughter came along they still moved around until they settled into a commune-style life in the middle of no where America?

One India Smythe carved her own path away from the life of nonconformity, one that included college for a master in mathematics and a bachelor in computer sciences. Taking steps to further separate herself included moving to the city to make her own way within the corporate world her parents had so despised.

The first company she applied was also the first to offer her a position, but she played it cool and waited to see if any better offers came her way. When they did not she took the post offered with a large accountancy firm and three years down the road she was respected by her peers and doing better than she had expected fiscally. The difficulty for India was as a newcomer to the city it was a wild and wonderful place, but like everything else she took on, she made sure to choose a path best suited for her needs and not what others may expect.

It would be easy to assume she was an outgoing confident woman, the self-assurance was correct but she had never been accused of being gregarious. At a willowy six foot barefoot, flaming golden red hair, plump pink lips and big china blue eyes, some found her intimidating others just unattractive and not worthy of their attention. The man for her will have not desire for a waistline, lush hips or backside because she had nothing to speak of and anything extra had been shifted up to create a more than bountiful breast and left nothing for anywhere else, not even her long thin legs.

There had been a man here and there since she had moved to the city but none who stood out as the man. India admitted to the wanting, if only because when it came to sex she had not been able to disconnect the feelings of the heart and soul from being involved. One of her adventures with friends was to a swinger's party and, although she went as a ticket the idea of being watched by a group or a lover was something she wanted to experience, to see if it was really as exciting and pleasurable as it appeared.

Then there came the evening she found herself out on a date with Lance Rockland, the youngest partner in the firm she worked for and entirely too handsome for words, and all bets were off. This man was way out of her league but she was nothing if not goal oriented and his innate ability to appear within her range of notice and her panties went damp in a flash.

Wild laughing ice blue eyes did not match with the short corporate perfect ink black hair but they went well with the six and a half foot tall strong athletically built man who was also principled and enlightened within their corporate realm.

Besides he had ask her out on a date, no work but purely personal is how he had stated the question and India had offered a cool yes.

That first date had happened eight months ago and they have been a hot and heavy item ever since, but tonight he had said he wanted to be a surprise. The only details he had given her with a wicked grin gracing his lips was to be at his home by seven this evening for dinner.

They were a well-matched couple and not just because they were of a similar height and therefore the fit was perfect. No, they were a success because they were both similarly kinky in the sack. That being said she decided to give him a surprise as well and attend his secret evening in a deep forest green fine lace demi-balconet bra and thong set, a pair of sheer black stay-up stockings, black stiletto heels and a lovely black cashmere overcoat.

India had driven to his house before but this time she was more than a little nervous and took extra care so as not to draw any undo attention and have to step out from the safety of her cautious sedan. Breathing a deep sigh of relief when she arrived at his house, she parked and walked up the front steps only to find the door opened before she had a chance to knock.

Lance smiled and reached a hand out to escort her over the stoop and then clasped her in a hug before he kissed her deeply, thrusting his tongue in and claiming dominance of her, her pleasures and the evening from that point onwards. Reaching out he slowly started to unbutton the coat and without looking moved his hands in to clasp her waist and move her closer only to discover how little she was wearing.

A grin spread across her face as he stepped back to take in her seductive attire.

"You are stunning my love and goes perfectly with my surprise for you as well." With that said he reached into his pant pocket and pulled out a length of black silk and held it out for her to see. Looking up she noticed what the wicked gleam within his incredible eyes and knew she was in for a real treat tonight.

With a shrug of her shoulders the coat dropped at her feet, dropping her small handbag next before India turned her back on her lover, pushed the front door shut and put her hands on her hips to wait for the next stop.

"I am all yours big guy." Taking a calming breath when the silk came up and covered her eyes.

"Do not worry love, remember your safe word?"

"Yes, meat."

"That is right, meat." Gentle hands moved her hair to float over one shoulder leaving the other bare for him to drop soft kisses up her neck to her ear and whispered, "Are you ready?"

After her nodding ascent he moved her hand to rest on the crook of his arm and escorted her to what she thought was the dining room and sat her to the side of the head of the table before she heard him take the seat the other chair. The meal progressed as many other had before except tonight he fed her each bite, held the glass of sparkling water for her to sip from and in between they spoke of happenings, friends and even the occasional work item.

After the lovely vegan meal Lance had prepared, which never stopped surprising her that he both cooked and bothered to make it something she would eat and enjoy, he soothed her hands and asked if she was ready for the main event.

With a slow nod, mainly because how can you really be prepared for something you have no idea what it is, she tried for a smile and said in the looming quiet, "You remember the word right?"

"Meat. If the vile word is said everything stops."

A stronger smile moved across her face and she nodded her head with a more affirming motion, "That is right."

Lance stood and led her from the room into what she thought was the formal living room that they rarely sat in so she was not entirely sure of what was where in this space so was blinded by more than the scarf over her eyes. Slowly he stripped her bra and thong from her excited body but left her shoes and stockings on, she knew he always got a thrill from seeing her partially attired like this, bald pussy and large bouncing breasts.

From her memory the room was large in both height and floor space but it did not feel cold, and in fact it did not feel empty. Not sure why that sensation entered her thoughts but it did before Lance led her up a stepped platform and sat her down in what felt like an odd chair.

A wide and narrow flat base and a padded high back that ended somewhere above her head were the most recognisable aspects of the piece. Once she was resting on the piece her lover moved her feet up to rest on two plinths and straps came up to tighten over her feet so that she not only could not easily move but it left her legs fairly well spread. Next her arms were spread out and bent at the elbow before he strapped them also splayed to the side.

Feeling his pant legs brush her thigh before his hard groin settled against her mound encouraged her senses to gallop freely. Stroking a large rough finger down her cheek towards her mouth bringing her back from the edge, otherwise she would have spiralled deeper into the pool of pleasure just waiting for her to fall.

"Love, how are you doing?"

"Yes Rock I am fine."

"Excellent, then let us begin."

With a snick the eased back just a bit but left her splayed and he stepped away and she sat there strapped to an odd chair. Hearing nothing and feeling nothing other than the chair for what felt like endless minute when suddenly something in the air changed and she felt someone standing before her. India tensed up when out of nowhere a tongue and nothing else circled and teased her tight nipple before the teeth that protected it came into play and nibbled the hard tip before soothing with the tongue, then again.

The steady pulse in her pussy to beat faster.

This was not her lover!

No, a stranger was worrying her breast, and now the other before she understood what Lance was giving her in this moment. It was a chance to see if they enjoyed being watched, sharing, all of it or none of it, to experience their secret passion and see if it appeals to either one of them on any level.

A groan was rung from her lips as the person, man she thought but was not sure, stood and moved to approach her breast from the side, opening her to however many people were in the room with them.

Big and male was next between her thighs or now it was obvious. Two large rough hands rested on each of her lightly covered thighs and squeezed as his tongue started swiping up the honey that had seeped from her pussy.

"Mmm, she tastes delicious, nothing better the eating straight from the pot." Was said to the room at large before he started thrusting his tongue in her begging slit. Guessing he wanted better leverage a hand stroked over her naked mound and spread her plump lips but India gasped when he leaned away to thank whomever had kindly spread her for him to enjoy.

"So silky soft," enjoined from the person at her breast.

"Rock!?!" Needing assurance, a stability call, something and he was there at the end of her plea.

"Yes love?" Soothed from the room.

"Uhhh..." Another person joined in pleasuring her body with a gentle set of fingers pinching her clit from below the set that were spreading her wide. The tongue pushing in and out of her pussy curled and pulled out more juice before it returned for more, thrusting in again and again, leaving her hips trying to meet each new plunge. It was a lovely liquid sound and a cacophony of moans that danced around her before she realised they were her cries of pleasure.

Climaxing with a series of grunts and her lover's name from her lips.

"Ummm..." and the tongue working down at her slit continued but with what felt like less intent.

Slowly the fingers, hands, mouths and tongues eased away from her body leaving her a mass of nerves that although the ultimate pleasure had been found was still searching for more. The honey was heavy and coated her thighs, moistened and spread by the man who had been there. Air swirled and she felt the dampness along her breasts was stirred, encouraging the peaks that rest atop her heavy breast to tighten further.

The chair eased back another few degrees leaving her not quite on her back but she guessed it was the perfect angle for a man to stand between her legs.

"How are you doing love?"

"Fine but I want..." she stumbled to a stop hearing voices and what sounded liked someone giving another a blowjob and India had to ask. "Rock, is someone sucking on your cock?"

After what seemed like a long moment he answered. "No, would you like that?"

"No, I do not believe I would."

"Okay. What do you want love?"

"Whatever you give me." Answered without thought to anything other than them.

"Then there is more."

With that said silence roared through her and she tuned in to the sounds coming from the man having his cock seriously worked over. Lust rose in her as she listened to the liquid sounds, the moaning from the giver and the soft encouragement from the receiver. As the couple reached the crescendo India felt the harshly haired legs of a man rest against her groin and a prick lodged a few inches of itself in the opening of her pussy.

It was not Lance, the head of this appendage was not nearly as broad and it was covered with a condom. Slowly the slim cock was fed into her slick channel and it just kept coming and coming.

Like a slithering snake it slid smoothly into her depths and although not broad the length was incredible and a moan of appreciation and lust was rung from her lips.

"Does this cock have an end?"

An appreciative chuckle was offered in response before a rather gravely low-pitched voice offered, "Thank you, I am glad you are enjoying my offering and yes, there is an end."

The sleek prick continued its slow decent and when she finally felt the heavy balls came to rest against her ass she knew it did indeed have an end. There was an entirely different feeling of fullness associated with the pole currently lodged within her cleft. Wishing she had the leverage to move herself on and off its incredible length brought more cream into the game as well as a sporadic pulsing.

Tortured by the man's leisurely retreat her muscles worked to hold him inside only it did not good and a sigh of disappointment was still drifting through the air as the pole made a deliberate return into her heated depths. Eventually a rhythm was gained, not dawdling but by no means was he hammering in and out of her pussy.

Feeling rough fingers reach down and further expose her tender clit right before a thudding slapd landed across the bud of nerve endings. Gasping at the stimulation she was stunned further when Rock was whispering in her ear of her wicked dream from months ago.

"You fear snakes and yet you dreamt of one not to long ago. Remember my love? Remember waking up sweaty and gasping for a breath and then jumping up on my lap and fucking me to your climax? Remember? I remember very well, it was al about a snake that came to you as you slept. Naked and vulnerable the snake slithered up between your legs and flicked its wicked tongue out to taste you, an act that brought your bent legs flaying out, opening your wet cunt. A lovely moist nesting place for a snake to rest."

With the easy fucking the man between her legs was giving her the oral stimulation presented by a past dream drew her attention to the similarities between the snake and the man fucking her and again was overrun by the desire to move her hips to speed things up. But she was here to be given the fucking desired by the giver, and she was surprised at how much this sleek cock was turning her on with its endless in and out.

"In your dream was I awake and watching the snake flick its forked tongue out and pull back coated in your honey? I would imagine I was, just as I am watching Frank here take great pleasure in easing in and out of your dripping pussy. What happened next? Oh, yes, how could I forget, that slinky snake tired of a mere tasting and decided to drown in the pool of your cream, but to do so he had to slink first its head into your damp slit. After poking his head inside he darted back out before slowly making his way in, further and further, until all that remained without flopped back and forth like a happy puppy's tail."

Along with her lover's erotic words came wet squishing sounds rising from her cleft as did the smell her unique aroma of desire and was gifted by the man currently riding her when he picked up speed and the endless cock brought her to a screaming climax. The man rode through her pulsing and grasping pussy much as one drove through an ice storm, determined and without pause, in and out. Just as her libido started the climb back up the wall he fiercely thrust to the end, balls bouncing with the energy of the move and with a grunt she felt the pole expand and pulse repeatedly.

India thought he must carry quite a load of cum in that rod he wielded so wonderfully and then quieted her mind to once again enjoy the slow pull of the length from her cleft.

A soft nibble was gifted to each breast as the man thanked her and stepped away.

Where had Rock gone?

The silence is more broken with sighs and sounds of people indulging their more libidinous sides, she liked to think she was inspiring their passions but there was no way anyone standing behind the man who had just so wondrously fucked her could have seen much.

Suddenly the chair moved, she lay flat on her back and there was another naked man between her legs. With one mighty thrust his cock carved its own path, one it knew well.

"Rock!"

"Love you are so incredible I could not wait another moment, could not stand to not have my cock buried in your sweet pussy a second longer."

This was the fucking she loved most, from her lover. The large man-meat that hung heavily between his legs made her weak at the knees and she thrilled to having it hammering in and out of her heated depths.

"Fuck me! Please - harder!"

Long thick fingers plucked at her nipples before grasping them in a firm pinch and pulled each up and away from the mass of her breast. Groaning because India knew what was coming her way.

"Love you know how much I enjoy seeing your tits shake and move?" Thrusting in and out of her wet pussy with such ferocity caused each tit to move but with her tips held captive it was a wild jiggle.

"Ungh," at the end of each thrust was all she was able to offer. Where others had failed her lover was able to send her adrift with only him as her safety net.

"That's it love, take my cock..." The slaps of their bodies meeting was music for her ears. Suddenly she felt the presence of others at their side but none touched them. Knowing they were the centre of attention had her tuning in to see if she could hear what they were saying.

"Shit! Look at her tits move."

"I bet the cream coating his cock his tasty."

"She thrives at a good fucking."

"Oh yes, Rock, yes that is perfect..."

Wishing she were free of all her bounds to wrap her legs around his hips and bring him into her harder, closer, faster.

"Rock!"

Gripping his rampaging cock firmly in the depths of her climaxing pussy forced purely male grunts of effort as he tried to drive through the muscles.

"Shit!"

Thick, long and hard became thicker and harder as his prick swelled and pulsed, shooting his seed into her pussy over and over again. Long jets of seemed lobbed into her womb, mixing with her own special honey. 

As he pulled out of her she felt both their juices seep from her cleft.

"My love, you are so fucking perfect."

Feeling him step back his space was taken by a woman who proceeded to lick up their spendings dripping from her slit. Never having had any experience with a woman before made this moment feel more wicked and she desperately wanted to see how her lover was reacting to this because it was something he had often asked if she would find it enjoyable.

Still spread and bound to the reclining chair suddenly her blindfold was pulled from her eyes and she found herself looking into a huge mirror hanging above her head. Stunned by the sight, using the mirror she looked around the room for Rock and found him, arms folded over his chest and naked, just off to the side.

"Rock?"

"Yes me love?"

"Thank you."

Finally he smiled with his joy and came over and kissed her, thoroughly enjoying their love for each other.