 It was a beautiful summer morning as a few of us set out on a day hike into the wilderness. Our destination was a popular water hole where we'd all relax in nature's beauty.

As chance would have it, a little less than an hour into the trip, one of our hikers twisted her ankle. She decided to head back, accompanied by two others, themselves not feeling particularly well, perhaps it was all the fireside drinking the night before, maybe it was the heat, or maybe just pure luck. They encouraged the remaining three of us to carry on, and we agreed we'd return with stories of our adventures to share around the fire that evening.

Sue started us back on the trail, once we had sent them on their way. We quickly fell into a healthy pace, and falling into the back of the pack, I took inventory of my fortunate circumstance -- I was now alone in the forest with two gorgeous beauties. Sue, a sleek blonde with a model's body that elicited lust at every turn, and Tina, a dark haired goddess, also in possession of a very hot thin body. While Tina generally seemed very conservative, I suspected she concealed a streak of adventurousness.

The girls were walking ahead with their arms around each other, giggling and whispering as they talked excitedly. Were it not for the hypnotic swagger of their lovely asses and long tan legs, I would have been curious about the topic of their intense conversation, but for the quiet spans between conversation, I was quite content to daydream and take in the scenery.

At one point, I suddenly realized that we weren't heading to the water hole we had originally discussed. Laughing, the ladies told me that our destination had changed, and we were now on our way to an even better spot that was a secret known only by Sue. Who was I to argue?

After a few miles, we arrived at a spectacular secluded beach, the sand lead out to a clear blue pool that was cradled in the stony fingers of the sheer rocks around it. It felt like the perfect reward to our long hot trek.

In an instant, Sue and Tina were peeling off their clothes. Tina started with her shirt, her breasts bouncing free as she pulled the material over her head. I secretly admired her pointy nipples, their dark brown areola capping her beautifully shaped mounds. She then smoothly slid out of her shorts, revealing a lovely pair of red boy shorts. In a smooth motion, she slid these down to her ankles, and kicking them off, sauntered into the cool water. Sue, starting from the other end, quickly exposed her sweet ass in a lacy white thong which got pulled askew as she slid her tight jeans over her lovely hips. She next unbuttoned her top with practiced speed, exposing a tight sports bra. The bra was next, freeing her mouth-watering breasts to the open air as she pulled the garment out and up over her head. A quick slip of the panties, and she too was bare. 

I was pleased to see that both ladies were shaven clean, my favorite. These images where short lived, however, as they both plunged immediately into the cool waters. Of course I joined them, stripping off my clothes, to the girls cheers, and jumping in. 

It was a welcomed relief to the dusty heat of the hike. We floated blissfully in the cool clear waters, splashing and playing. I was about to suggest lunch, until Sue, pointing upward, revealed that this idyllic place was not our destination -- there was more. We'd have to make a short ascent up a steep slope, but it was all well worth it, the view was to die for. It wasn't even worth getting dressed as the climb was so short. I looked over at Tina who's nod told me she was game. Stuffing the clothes into my backpack, I held it above my head as we traversed the pool, reaching the stone wall on the other side.

The climb up was safe, but vertical enough that it required focus. I certainly didn't complain in my position at the rear of the group, as the climb afforded me some sweet views of the ladies naked asses, with the occasional flourish of their luscious charms. These views were driving me crazy, and as the cold from the water wore off, I began to have to expend effort on keeping my cock from sticking straight out. I was particularly enjoying the vision of Sue's hairless labia peeking out from the exquisite globes of her smooth ass. It seemed that the sight distracted Tina as well, and I hadn't noticed she had paused until I found her ass right in my face. I don't know what came over me, perhaps it was the remoteness, perhaps just the result of my dirty mind at work, but out of some sort of animalistic inspiration, I slid my wet tongue as deep as it would go into Tina's tight puckered anus. Her sweet little rosebud gave way invitingly as she let out a surprised little squeak. She instinctively lowered with her ass further, forcing my tongue in until my lips caressed her wrinkled rings.

She looked down and smiled at me with a wink, as she wiggled her fine ass in the air. I flashed her a devious smile in return, as from above, Sue asked what was going on. Tina told her they'd have to switch positions if she wanted to find out.

I was all too happy to oblige as Tina took the lead. 

I don't know how I managed to maintain any focus, with Sue now just ahead of me. We came to a challenging edge when Sue's grip slipped and her luscious body settled down into mine, the skin of her soft ass finding a resting spot against the base of my cock. I helped her back up, my hand lingering on her smooth hip as I helped her gain leverage. With Tina smiling down at me, Sue's luscious ass was momentarily in my face, and my moistened tongue found its mark, as I snaked it into her exposed little hole. The expression on Sue's face as she savored the sensation was all Tina needed to see, and Tina gave a little yip of delight as she resumed the climb.

No further mention was made of any of my behavior as we continued up, though I could swear I was seeing the glint of moisture on the girls pussies whenever I got a little flash.

Once we made the top, we spread out our towels to rest and sun. As Sue had promised, it was indeed a spectacular view -- and the landscape wasn't bad either. It was a secret little oasis, with a commanding view, and treetops all around. I was doing all I could to keep my cock at bay. The ladies bodies were driving me nuts as we lunched and sunbathed.

Eventually Sue burst out and said; "Ok. let's play a game, I have an idea." I was shocked, but elated when after Tina asked further, Sue said; "Let's see if we can make Mark's cock hard." I momentarily dropped my guard, and my cock responded with a jolt. This didn't escape Tina who smilingly remarked, "I see he likes the idea."

Tina was all too happy to join in, saying; "Perfect, but first, I need to pee". Sue said she did also, and as the two of them moved over, Tina asked if I wanted to watch. Of course I did.

Sue motioned for me to sit across from them as the ladies reclined side by side on a small rock flat. The sunlight revealed the lovely folds of their luscious flowers as both of them spread their long toned legs wide. Giggling, they wondered aloud whether they'd be able to relax enough to pee. 

This was an easy game, my cock was already on the rise. It jolted further when Sue reached down with one hand and deftly parted her lips. But Tina had a better idea; "let's do each other." Reaching into Sue's pink gash, she placed her fingers on either side of her lips, and eased her open -- treating me to a view of Sue's now prominent sun-lit clitoris and exposing her urethra.

Flushed, but focusing, Sue licked her lips and moved her face in close, teasing Tina with a kiss as she slid her hand down Tina's belly, caressing her mound as Tina shifted her hips to welcome the intimate touch. Tina's bare labia opened under Sue's fingers, her tender folds also exposed to the warm sunlight.

Even the birds seemed to pause their calls, as for an indeterminable span, a deafening silence descended upon the landscape as the girls searched inwardly for the peace required to relax. Unannounced, a golden stream emerged from the recesses of Sue's splayed pussy. This was exactly the inspiration Tina needed, as she joined in with a stream of her own. I could see the puckers of their anuses twitching as they both let loose with two golden arcs that, at full flow, they directed over the rocky edge of the cliff.

I was mesmerized by the beautiful sight, as if this were from some living fountain in the private courtyard of a libertine Venetian nobleman. 

Their streams dwindled, and Sue, standing up, bounced her hips to dry off. "Now!" she said with a sexy smirk; "you have to clean us up."

Sue sat between us as we moved back to the towels. Having settled, Tina leaned in and absent mindedly caressed Sue's nipple. After caressing the other nipple myself, I simply had to have a taste. 

Sue then made room for me, as I followed the sweet lines of her body down, until her mouth watering pussy was open inches from my face. I was about to dive in, when I asked Tina, "want to help me?"

Needing no further encouragement, Tina immediately joined me as Sue spread wider to accommodate both of us. She gazed into Sue's succulent yoni, spreading her open as she examined her closely, using her fingers to explore her sex. Sue was clearly enjoying the touch as Tina's fingers travelled lightly over her clitoris, and all around her soft petals. After a thorough survey of the luscious landscape, she moved her face in close, extending her tongue ... and then she pulled back -- shyly admitting to us that she didn't know what to do. With the greatest of pleasure, I offered her a free lesson. The way Sue's pussy twitched at these words told me the idea excited her, as a small trickle of warm juice leaked from her glistening hole.

Tina cuddled up alongside me as I began kissing the soft insides of Sue's thighs. I explored the texture of her smooth skin with my lips as I slowly made my way towards her pussy. With my free hand I traced a long caress down Tina's back, enjoying the tautness of her skin, gliding over the lovely path of her vertebrae, down to where her spine plunged in between the globes of her ass. I followed the beautiful line of her crack, deep along her tailbone. Tina reciprocated by encircling the base of my cock with her fingers and giving me a sweet little squeeze.

Breaking away from Sue, I leaned in and wet my tongue on Tina's hot mouth as my hand reached under her, teasing Tina's soft folds. Her arousal wetted my fingers, as I gently pulled on her inner lips.

"First just take a moment to enjoy the beauty of her." 

Tina and I then returned our attention to Sue's beautiful swollen cunt, a drop of clear nectar was forming at the mouth of her vagina, as her inner labia spilled out from their hiding place within the confines of her outer ridges. Moving my hand from Tina's pussy, I gently spread open Sue's lips for our view -- causing Sue to moan and rock her hips. I ran a long lick of my now very wet tongue over her hot skin. Her pussy bloomed before us like a flower on the verge of combustion. We both drew a deep breath, savoring her animal scent. 

Tina joined in, asking questions, and taking opportunities to touch and caress the succulent bounty before us. Tina also subtly maneuvered herself so that my cock was now in contact with the warmth of her moist pussy. That made it easy for me to gauge Tina's true level of interest as she bathed me in little waves of hot liquid.

"Start very slowly, giving her some nice pressure here in the fold of her hips" I said, as I demonstrated by lodging my tongue into the crease of Sue's crotch. I reached around with my other hand to lightly stroke the length of Tina's soft slit. Only the activities of the luscious sight before us distracted her from her own arousal, as my fingertips circled Tina's slippery hole.

Tina extended her tongue, and with a long lick she went from the base of Sue's vagina all the way up to her hood -- her first taste of pussy. She paused briefly to savor the sweet flavors, and then began making repeated long licks. I joined her, both of us devouring the delectable feast before us with relish. Sue's hands were grasping, and they found their way into our hair as she tried to pull us into her aching center.

"You're doing great Tina", I said, and Sue only moaned further when I said, "No touching of her clit, only get close." 

I coached Tina to try long downward licks. Sue responded with a fresh stream of warm nectar and renewed moans. Tina repositioned herself for the task, moving into my lap. In this position, my now very hard cock was right up against Tina's slick puss. Before I could react, Tina bounced her hips, and my cock slid with ease into her hot channel -- the globes of her soft ass coming to rest against me as she made little grunts. Her pussy now held me tight.

I was pulled from the daze of Tina's hot vaginal embrace, by a sharp animal moan from Sue as Tina's tongue made a stab into Sue's melting center. 

As Tina's tongue worked its magic deep against Sue's inner walls, Sue's head went back, and her eyes filled with a distant look. Tina's lips were now framed by Sue's folds, her chin gleaming with Sue's wetness, as Sue struggled futilely against the stone formations around her. Staring up at the blue sky, she was burst open, riding out the contractions of her orgasm as they unwound from within her. She held Tina's head tight against her as she slowly recovered.

Rising up from her rocky lounge, Sue now said it was Tina's turn. Offering her hand,she gently guided Tina up, my cock being pulled unceremoniously from its warm slick home.

They signalled me to sit between them. I slid into position enjoying the silky, hairless bodies against mine, and feeling their breasts brushing my chest as each moved their heads in. Two hands began caressing me, their fingers sometimes stroking my cock as the three of us fell into a tongue kiss. The ladies hot breath thrilled me, as their fingers tugged gently at my shaft. Breaking the kiss, Sue slyly asked how my cock had become so wet.

Together, Sue and I made our way to a spot between Tina's legs. Our fingers caressing the inside of her thighs as they moved ever so enticingly towards Tina's swollen pussy. Her vagina was invitingly open with lust. As Sue positioned herself in my lap, she trapped my hard cock firmly between her warm thighs.

Tinas pussy was a hot wet pear before us. I made a slow tongue stroke up from Tina's vagina to just before her clit. Sue caught me in a kiss at the top of the stroke, cleaning the flavor of Tina's pussy from my tongue. Our kiss deepened, until Tina's hands on our heads guided us back to her steamy garden. We explored there in unison, our tongues moving sometimes in concert, sometimes in opposition; spreading her pussy wide, the sheath of her hungry vagina gaping invitingly open for us, her dark pink clit now sticking out, pleading for attention. We begin making small caresses with our fingers near the mouth of her vagina. 

With a devilish look that I will always remember, Sue whispered to me; "I think I can make her squirt." And with that, she plunged two fingers deep into Tina's wet hole. I could see Tina's slick tube clutching at Sue's fingers as she began sawing in and out, raking along the rippled roof of Tina's canal. Tina's body gave a lurch, as she went stiff, and she began an incoherent prayer to the sky as Sue continued her steady assault. It was clear she wasn't going to last long. I moved up, cradling Tina in my arms, as she buried her face in the hair of my chest. Looking down at Sue, I saw her smile as she continued to piston Tina mercilessly.

I could feel it building in Tina, gradually peaking, she had blown past the point of abandon and was now fully surrendered to Sue's ravishing fingers, which were picking up speed. Tina's legs rose of their own accord, her toes extending like bestial talons.

Tina's orgasm found full hold as she gasped for air,. I looked down to see Sue's face splashed with the flood of juices as Tina, twisting and grasping, convulsed in the throes of the powerful waves that erupted from her depths. With each crest, she losed shots of clear ambrosia, each like a victorious trophy to Sue, her smiling face glistening as she was bathed by the waters of the goddess.

The forest heard all of this. The trees and rocks and sky accepted it graciously, and around us the scenery now shown with a luminosity previously unseen.

As we left the peak, we said our goodbyes to the secret place, and I think each of us hoped we might someday return.