 PRELUDE

Marilyn had returned to class after using the restroom. She had had an unexpected encounter with Tommy and Paul, two 18 year old students who she had fucked several times before. The boys had kept her panties and she tried to hide her bare pussy by pulling her uniform skirt down as far as she could. She could still feel traces of cum leaking from her pussy and her ass. She crossed her legs to try and stem the flow and as she did she displayed her pussy again to her teacher Bob Edwards. The bell rang signaling the end of the period and Marilyn was relieved that she had made it through the remainder of class. 

"Marilyn, may I see you for a minute before you leave?" Bob Edwards requested of her.

Marilyn knew she was busted and she had to think quickly. She decided to tell Mr. Edwards that she soiled her panties and discarded them if he asked her. She still hoped that he hadn't noticed that she was panty less. 

"So Marilyn do you have anything to say for yourself?" Edwards asked.

"What do you mean Mr. Edwards?" Marilyn replied with a question.

"Well first of all you were gone for almost thirty minutes and then you returned to my class without your panties. Obviously there is a reason for that," Edwards pressed her.

"Mr. Edwards, I had an accident. I tired to wash out my panties the best I could but they were so soiled that I threw them away," Marilyn replied with her alibi.

"I see, well I guess that is a possible explanation but how do you explain what looks to be semen on your chair," Edwards countered catching her off guard.

"Okay Mr. Edwards I did have sex while I was in the bathroom but that is not why I asked to be excused from class. It just happened when I ran into my friends," Marilyn explained.

"Do you like to have sex Marilyn? Do you like doing it in school?" Edwards asked smiling now.

"Yes I guess I do," Marilyn replied.

"I see. Have you ever had sex with one of your teachers or would you like to?" Edwards continued.

"I never thought about it. I guess it would be okay. Do you want to have sex with me Mr. Edwards?" Marilyn said still feeling horny after her double penetration.

Bob Edwards smiled at the stacked shapely 18 year old and went over and locked his classroom door. He had a free period next and it was a perfect time to test the water with Marilyn. 

"Who is your next class with Marilyn?" Edwards asked.

"Mr. Thompson, it's with Mr. Thompson," Marilyn answered.

"Oh yes that's right. Gene will understand why you are late and I'll write you a late pass," Edwards explained.

Bob Edwards sat back in his chair and he told Marilyn to come over and stand by him. He ran his hands up and down her thighs sending chills through Marilyn's body. He lifted her plaid uniform skirt with one hand and stroked her pussy with the other. Then he fingered her pussy causing Marilyn to groan. Bob ran his hands over her shapely buttocks and let his fingers dip into the crack of her ass. He tested her nether hole and found it to be moist. Bob then stood up along side of Marilyn and instructed her to take out his cock.

Marilyn dropped to her knees and unbuckled Edwards's belt. Then she unfastened his trousers and pushed them down over his legs and let them puddle around his ankles. Edwards's erection was poking through his boxer shorts and Marilyn slowly peeled his shorts down his legs. His cock caught in the elastic of his shorts and sprung out when it cleared the waistband. Marilyn always loved that when it happened. Marilyn stroked Edwards's cock and then looked up at him.

"You have a nice cock Mr. Edwards. Would you like me to suck it?" Marilyn teased.

"Yes, you should do that," Edwards said with a raspy voice. 

Marilyn took her teacher's cock in her mouth and used all of her oral skills to bring him to the brink of ejaculation. Then Marilyn removed his cock from her mouth and looked up at Edwards as she stroked his cock.

"Do you want to cum in my mouth Mr. Edwards? Or would you like to fuck me?" Marilyn asked in a sultry voice.

"I'll fuck you now," Edwards whispered. 

Marilyn stood up and Edwards bent her over his desk, flipped her uniform skirt up over her back and exposed her lower body. Bob Edwards always loved the look of a student bent over his desk with her skirt flipped up in her knee high socks. He moved in behind Marilyn and buried his cock to the hilt in her pussy. Marilyn was already wet and his cock slid in easily. Edwards held onto to her hips and he fucked the shapely student from behind. He began to fondle her shapely ass and then he shoved a finger in her asshole. Edwards was surprised how easy his finger went into her ass.

"You can fuck my ass too?" Marilyn teased.

Edwards didn't answer; he just pulled his cock from her pussy and slipped it into her ass. His cock met little resistance as it entered Marilyn's ass and settled in her rectum. Edwards was so close to cumming before that he didn't last long at all. His body stiffened and he fired a barrage of cum deep into Marilyn's ass. He remained pressed against her ass cheeks as she used her sphincter to squeeze every drop of cum from his cock. Edwards remained in her ass as long as he could and then his cock softened and slipped from her nether hole. 

Bob Edwards wiped his cock off with paper towels that he kept in his desk and he handed the roll to Marilyn. Edwards pulled up his pants and straightened out his clothes as he dressed. As Marilyn was wiping the semen from her ass, Edwards wrote her a late pass.

"Here, this will get you to your next class," he said as he handed Marilyn the pass.

He also handed her a note to give to Gene Thompson when she got to his class. Marilyn took the note and the pass and then left Bob Edwards's classroom. Bob sat in his chair and relaxed as he contemplated what just happened. He had found a replacement for last year's student Becky and he couldn't wait to tell his colleague Karen Johnson. 

Marilyn walked the hallway to her next class and she decided to peak at the note that Mr. Edwards wrote to Mr. Thompson. It read, "We have a replacement for Becky and she loves it in the ass." Marilyn wondered who Becky was and she guessed it was a former student that the teachers used to fuck. As Marilyn approached Gene Thompson's classroom she wondered if she would be fucked again that day. Marilyn entered her classroom and handed the pass and the note to Mr. Thompson. He told her to be seated as he read the note. Then he looked at her and Marilyn smiled back and moved her legs apart so he could see her bare pussy.

After class it was a repeat performance with Marilyn sucking Thompson's cock. Then he fucked her pussy and her ass. He finished in her ass just as Edwards had earlier. After Marilyn cleaned herself up she then returned to her homeroom. After school, she recalled that it had been quite a day. First she was double fucked by Tommy and Paul and then she was fucked by the two teachers. All this happened on a Monday and her week was just beginning. 

BUSTED AT HOME

Marilyn loved attending the private school and she had settled in nicely. She already had several boyfriends with whom she was having sex. She also had learned that she liked more than one cock at a time. She also was having sex with three teachers ever since the day that she was discovered not wearing panties. Her parents had sent her off to private school right after they caught her at home having sex with three boys.

Marilyn had turned 18 years old before she had her first sex but since then she was insatiable. Word got around school that she was hot and put out but she was careful only to have sex with guys 18 or older. She was not a pretty girl but her body made up for it. She was 5'6" and weighed a fit 115 pounds. Her 36-24-36 figure turned everybody's head when she walked by. Her breasts were firm, her belly flat and she had a killer ass on top of her shapely legs. She loved to have the boys fondle her body and finger her holes. They would spend hours playing with her before she finally let them fuck her. 

It was a Saturday and on that day Marilyn was expecting a visit from three of her classmates. She had selected these three boys because of their reputation with girls and that they were all 18 years old. She knew that these boys often stared at girls in class and that they often got erections from having lustful thoughts. That day she dressed up as she wanted the boys to have a lot to remove. She wore a tight fitting brown tweed skirt that was cut just below her knees. She had elected to wear a green sweater that buttoned down the front and brought out the color in her eyes. Under her skirt and sweater she wore a bra, silk panties, stockings and a garter belt. The outfit she selected accentuated her figure and she knew that the boys would be excited when they saw her.

Buddy, Jay and Doug arrived at the house at 10:00 AM just as Marilyn had instructed. Buddy was one of the senior studs at the high school and the word was that he had had his share of girls. Buddy stood at 6'2" weighed 180 pounds and had dark hair. He was very fit and blessed with an 8" cock that was often a locker room topic. Jay was a handsome blonde haired boy at 6' tall and weighed 170 pounds. Jay was also very fit and he too had an impressive 7" cock. Doug was also a fit 6'2" and 175 pounds along with dark hair and an above average 7" cock. It was rumored that Jay and Doug knew their way around the high school girls as well.

Marilyn answered the door when she heard the doorbell ring and invited the three boys into her parent's home. They were surprised to see her dressed so formally. Marilyn led the three boys into the kitchen and told them to have a seat at the kitchen table. The boys looked around the house and they were impressed with the décor. Marilyn offered them something to drink but they passed as they were anxious to get started..

"Do you know why I asked you boys here today?" Marilyn asked them.

"I think I do but why don't you tell us," Buddy replied.

"I want to know is if you boys would like to see me naked?" 

"I know you boys think naughty thoughts about me and that sometimes you get erections in class. So I thought that you might like to do the things with me that you think about. Would you?

Buddy was the first to speak, "Marilyn, I would love to see you naked and make it with you and I'm sure Jay and Doug would too."

The boys again nodded in the affirmative and it was clear that they anxious to get started. However Marilyn had plans and she would control the action.

"Now before we begin I want to be clear about the rules. I will tell you what to do and when to do it. If you don't do as I say I will call a stop to everything. Do I make myself clear?"

More anxious head nodding from the boys and then Marilyn went on. "You must not get ahead of me no matter how excited you may become or I will stop where ever we are. Now I think that we are ready to get started so please follow me," Marilyn concluded the instructions.

The three teenage boys followed Marilyn into her bedroom and as they did they watched her ass sway under the tight tweed skirt. Her calves looked great encased in the nylon hose and the boys were anxious to see the rest of her legs. Marilyn had the three boys stand facing her in her bedroom and then the games began.

"Buddy you may remove my necklace and place in on my dresser and then you may unbutton my sweater."

Buddy carefully unclasped the necklace and placed it on her dresser as he was told. Then he moved back to Marilyn and with trembling hands he reached for her sweater and began to unbutton it starting with the top button. Buddy couldn't believe that he was so nervous and that his hands were shaking. He had undressed plenty of high school girls and he had even become adept at unhooking the bra clasp with one hand. However now he could hardly manage the buttons on her sweater. One by one Buddy did manage to unbutton Marilyn's sweater and it hung loosely on her. The boys stared at the first sign of bare flesh peeking through the open sweater. 

"Jay and Doug you may remove my sweater and place it on the chair," Marilyn said softly.

Jay stood on one side of her and Doug stood on the other side. They peeled the sweater down and off Marilyn's arms and placed it on the chair as they were told. The three boys stood there with their tongues hanging out as they gaped at Marilyn's upper body clad only in her bra. It was the first time they had ever seen cleavage on her and they knew that there were great tits under her bra. Her stomach was ironing board flat and her waist was narrow emphasizing her breasts even more.

"Buddy you may take off my skirt now."

As Buddy dropped to his knees his cock got caught in his trouser leg and he had to adjust his pants. Marilyn smiled as she watched Buddy move his erection around so that it stood straight up inside his pants. Buddy then located the zipper and buttons to Marilyn's skirt which were on her hip. Buddy unzipped the zipper and then unbuttoned the two buttons holding the skirt waist together. The skirt was so tight that it stayed on Marilyn's hips even in the unfastened state. Buddy tugged the skirt down Marilyn's hips as he had done so many times with other high school girls. Buddy stared at Marilyn's beautiful legs as he lowered her skirt. It was as if a masterpiece sculpture was being unveiled. Jay and Doug also stared as Marilyn's legs came into view and they both rubbed their cocks through their pants. Marilyn lifted one leg at a time so that Buddy could remove the skirt. Then he stood up and placed the skirt on the chair. The three boys stared at their classmate turned goddess before their eyes as she stood clad only in her bra, panties, stockings and garter belt. 

"Now Jay and Doug you may unhook my stockings and roll them down my legs. I want you to roll them down slowly and I want the three of you to stop rubbing your cocks in your pants. I don't want you to cum in your pants," Marilyn directed.

Jay knelt in front of one of Marilyn's legs and Doug knelt in front of the other. On Marilyn's order they unfastened the stockings from the garter belt and then they slowly rolled the nylons down her shapely legs. In doing so the boys touched her naked skin and they were so excited that they thought that they may actually cum in their pants. Once the stockings were rolled all the way down, Marilyn again lifted one leg at a time so that the boys could remove her stockings completely. They placed the stockings on the chair and then face Marilyn awaiting her next order. Marilyn noticed that all three boys had wet stains on the front of their pants and she was sure it was their pre-cum as they were excited beyond expectations. Marilyn then had Buddy remove her garter belt and place it on the chair along with her other clothes.

"Doug and Jay you may now remove my bra but I want you to slide it slowly down my arms and let the cups fall away from my breasts," Marilyn said softly barely concealing her own excitement at this point.

With nervous hands and trembling fingers the two boys unhooked the bra and slowly moved the bra straps down her arms. As the straps neared her wrists the bra cups pulled away from her breasts and Marilyn's marvelous tits were bared for the boys to admire. Marilyn's tits were firm and they stood out proudly from her chest. Her areoles were puffy and highlighted her nipples which at that moment were fully erect. 

"Oh my God look at those tits!" exclaimed Buddy.

Doug and Jay just stared at the incredible tits before them as they subconsciously continued to hold on to the bra. It was all the boys could do to keep from grabbing her incredible tits and begin sucking on them. 

"Put my bra on the chair boys. Now Buddy you may take my panties off but I want you to remove them very slowly," Marilyn once again directed.

It was all he could do to keep from ripping her panties off. His teenage hormones were running rampant and he was dying to fuck his sexy classmate. However he did not want to run the risk of having Marilyn call an end to their session so he did as he was told. Buddy hooked his fingers into the waistband of Marilyn's panties and slowly pulled them down. As the panties cleared her buttocks, Jay and Doug starred at her magnificent ass. It was perfectly shaped, curvy and round. Buddy fastened his eyes on Marilyn's pussy as he lowered her panties. When it was uncovered Buddy felt his cock throb in his pants. Her pussy was beautiful with neatly trimmed accenting her tantalizing prize.

"Oh man this pussy is beautiful!" Buddy exclaimed in a shaky voice. 

"Buddy, you have to check out her ass. It's amazing!" Doug said.

Marilyn was pleased with the boy's reaction to her stunning body. Although she had heard words like these before, she never tired of hearing them again and again. Buddy pulled her panties all the way down her legs and again Marilyn lifted one leg at a time so that they could be removed. The boys now anxiously awaited her next instructions.

"Buddy, I want you to kiss and lick my vagina. Doug and Jay I want you to fondle my breasts and buttocks," Marilyn told them using the proper words.

Buddy knelt down and buried his face in Marilyn's pussy and began to lick and probe her with his tongue. It was obvious that Buddy had eaten pussy before and Marilyn was glad that she had selected him to eat her. Doug and Jay stood on either side of Marilyn and they both had one of her tits and a cheek of her ass in each hand. Marilyn was amused at their inexperienced hands groping her breasts and buttocks but they excited her just the same. Then Doug took one of her tits in his mouth and sucked on it and gently nibbled on an erect nipple. Jay watched Doug and then Jay copied what his friend was doing. All the while Buddy was exploring Marilyn's pussy with his tongue and fingers. He nibbled on her clit and he probed her pussy with two fingers. Marilyn directed Buddy on how to locate her g-spot and when he did she knew that it wouldn't be long before she would cum.

Marilyn felt that familiar sensation in her loins and she placed her arms around Jay and Doug for support as she announced, "I'm going to cum." 

Buddy grabbed Marilyn by the cheeks of her ass and pulled her close to him. His tongue worked its magic on her clit and Marilyn groaned loudly as he body shook in her climax. Pussy juice flooded Buddy's mouth but he stayed glued to her cunt and drank every drop of her sweet nectar. Jay and Doug had one arm around Marilyn's waist and their other hand each held her breasts. Jay and Doug twirled her eraser hard nipples in between their fingers driving Marilyn wild as she orgasmed. Marilyn thought that she might faint from the intensity of her crescendo but she recovered quickly and stood on her own. The three boys still had their hands all over her body as it seemed they could not get enough of her shapely form.

"That was very good. Now it's time for you to take off your clothes but I want you to leave your undershorts on," Marilyn said in a calm voice now that she was composed again.

The three boys had their clothes off in record time and they stood in their underwear awaiting Marilyn's next command. She looked at the three well-endowed teenagers and smiled at the swelling in their undershorts. She called Jay over and then she knelt down in front of him. Marilyn slowly pulled Jay's underwear down his legs making sure that the waistband caught on his stiff cock. Marilyn loved to see the youthful erect cock spring forward as she pulled the underwear down. Jay's cock leaped out as his undershorts passed over it and it bobbed in front of Marilyn's face. Jay closed his eyes and looked to the heavens as if he was praying. Marilyn lifted one foot at a time as she removed the undershorts from Jay's body. 

Marilyn then lightly ran her hand over Jay's lower abdomen just above his stiff cock. Jay's cock twitched and pulsed as tingling sensations ran through his body. Marilyn knew exactly what she was doing as she teased him. Then she ran her fingertips along the length of the rock hard shaft and tickled the sensitive soft mushroom head of Jay's cock. Jay groaned as she toyed with him and he felt like he would cum just from her touches. Then Marilyn lowered her face toward the youthful cock and ran up tongue up and down the shaft and around the overly sensitive cock head.
