 FRIDAY AFTERNOON

Marilyn was summoned to the Principal's office after school on Friday. She was surprised to see the Guidance Counselor in the office although she shouldn't have been. The two mature women removed all of Marilyn's clothes this time except for her knee high socks. The Marilyn was stroked and fondled until she thought that she would faint from her excitement. Marilyn asked to sit down so she was steered over to the sofa in the room and she sat back in it.

"My God but you are stacked!" exclaimed Audrey as she stared at the voluptuous 18 year old.

Marilyn sat on the sofa and the two women moved toward her. Audrey and Rachel were both clearly infatuated with Marilyn's body at this point. Rachel knelt between Marilyn's legs and began eating her pussy. Audrey sat next to Marilyn and fondled and kissed the girl's firm tits. Audrey just loved Marilyn's hard nipples and rolled the nubs around in her mouth. Marilyn was extremely turned on by this dual attention and she felt her orgasm coming on. Marilyn's body stiffened slightly and she gasped into her own hand as she coated Rachel's face with her female nectar. Rachel finished licking Marilyn's pussy and then moved up to trade positions with Audrey.

Audrey moved between Marilyn's legs and began an equally competent licking of Marilyn's pussy. Rachel kissed Marilyn and she was surprised when Rachel thrust her tongue into her mouth. Marilyn tasted her own juices on Rachel's face as the two of them kissed. Rachel then turned her attention to Marilyn's tits and worked them much like Audrey had. Audrey was totally consumed with Marilyn's pussy when she decided the test new waters. Audrey slid a pussy moistened finger into Marilyn's ass and she was pleased when Marilyn tightened her butt in response. 

Audrey continued to eat Marilyn's pussy and finger her asshole as Rachel worked the young girl's firm tits. Marilyn felt another orgasm and this time her hips came off the sofa with the intensity of it. Audrey's face was covered with Marilyn's nectar and she sat up and kissed Rachel. Rachel kissed Audrey back and tasted Marilyn on her lover's mouth. They allowed Marilyn to put her uniform back on and then return to her dorm room.

Audrey and Rachel were so turned on by the young stacked student that after Marilyn left they had to eat each other. The two sophisticated looking ladies simply pulled up their skirts, shed their panties and ate each other's pussy. It didn't take them long to cum since they were so ready after Marilyn's visit. 

MARILYN'S MASSAGE

Marilyn was really horny for some cock on Saturday and after lunch in the cafeteria she went down to the gym to see who might be there. Two 18 year old boys Rob and Don were playing basketball and Marilyn watched them for a few minutes. The boys acknowledged her presence but continued on with their game. When they finished they came over and sat with Marilyn on the bleaches on either side of her.

"So what brings you to the gym today?" Rob asked.

"Oh nothing, I was just walking around the school," Marilyn replied.

"Were you looking for boys?" Don joked.

"That depends."

"Depends on what?" Rob asked.

"If the boys will be nice to me."

"I think that you will find that Don and I are nice," Rob said as he put his hand on her knee.

Not hearing a protest he moved his hand up her thigh under her skirt. Marilyn just smiled and then Don put his hand on the other knee and ran it under her skirt. They massaged her thighs and brushed their hands against her panty clad pussy. Marilyn smiled and then spoke.

"I like massages. Would you like to give me a massage?"

"Definitely, let's take her to the training room," Rob directed knowing that it would be vacant that day.

The three of them headed to the training room where Marilyn began to undress. "You have to be naked too," she told them.

The two boys stripped off the gym clothes and Marilyn smiled when she saw their erections. They both had nice cocks and she would enjoy them but first they would pamper her body. Marilyn removed her clothes and got on the training table on her back. Her luscious tits pointed up toward the ceiling and her lovely pussy was damp with anticipation.

"Now found some cream and massage my body," she whispered.

Rob and Don scurried around looking through the supply cabinet and located some body lotion. They anxiously returned to the training table and stood on either side on Marilyn. They poured lotion on her breast and then rubbed and fondled them. They toyed with her erect nipples twirling the hard nubs in their fingers. Marilyn loved the attention and she let her hands brush against the boy's erections. She giggled when they flinched and their cocks twitched.

"Now do my legs," she told them.

The boys each did one of her legs at the same time. They began at her ankles and worked their way up toward her pubes. Both boys stared at her pussy the entire time. They massaged her calves and then her thighs. As they rubbed her upper thighs they purposely brushed their hands against her vagina. Marilyn was sopping wet and she was ready for her first climax.

"Play with my pussy, make me cum," she said desperately.

However Rob was ready to bust a nut so he climbed up on the training table and got between her legs. He lined up his impressive cock with her pussy and entered her easily. They were both turned on by the foreplay and it would not take them long to cum. Don stared at them as it was the first time he ever witnessed anyone fucking. 

Marilyn closed her eyes and screamed, "I'm cumming, hold me, hold me."

She reached up and wrapped her arms around Rob who reciprocated and held her firmly as her body thrashed on the table. She groaned loudly and Rob felt the wetness surround his cock. When Marilyn went limp after her orgasm, Rob picked up the pace and drilled her pussy until he felt his release build up. He pressed forward driving his cock in as deep as he could and ejaculated in her. Marilyn felt the surge of his seed fill her womb and she sighed softly.

Rob pulled out slowly and moved off the table. By this time Don was ready to blow his load. He quickly got on the table and began fucking Marilyn. Within a few minutes he was cumming in her pussy. Marilyn's womb was cum filled and she lay back relishing the erotic sensation. Both boys stood by the table unsure of what to do next. Marilyn solved that problem for them. She rolled over on her belly and smiled at the two boys.

"Let's finish my massage," she told them.

Rob and Don quickly poured more lotion on her body and began with the back of her legs. They quickly worked their way up to her gorgeous ass and massaged her curvy buttocks. They were enamored with her ass and spent a long time with it. Marilyn told Don to do her shoulders so he moved around in front of her. When she saw his erect cock she smiled and took it in her mouth. Marilyn sucked on Don's cock as he rubbed her shoulders. 

Rob began playing with her nether hole and found that he could easily put two fingers in her. Convinced that she had been butt fucked before, he got back on the table and eased his cock into her ass. Marilyn raised her ass off the table and Rob began to drill her. Don watched his friend fuck Marilyn in her shapely bottom and he hoped that he would get a turn at her ass too. Rob caressed her lovely ass cheeks and relished every moment in her hot ass. He felt that he could fuck her ass all day.

Don's release snuck up on him and he came in Marilyn's mouth. He was surprised when she didn't spit out his cock and swallowed his load. She went right on sucking his cock keeping him hard. Rob was getting close and in spite of his efforts to delay his ejaculation he came in her ass. Marilyn felt the surge of semen enter anal passage and she tightened her sphincter around his cock. She loved the sensation of warm semen shooting into her rectum. 

"You can fuck my ass if you like," Marilyn whispered to Don.

He pulled his cock out of her mouth and scrambled behind her on the table. Rob moved around to the front of Marilyn and he was surprised when she took his cock in her mouth. He had no way of knowing that she had douched her ass before arriving at the gym and he was stunned that she would take a cock from her ass to her mouth. Don lifted Marilyn by her hips and pressed down on the small of her back further emphasizing the fantastic shape of her ass. He eased his cock into her ass and sighed loudly as he experienced his first anal sex.

BUSTED AGAIN

Don was in Marilyn's ass and Rob was in her mouth is exactly how the school janitor Geno found them. He was doing his rounds checking on things when he entered the training room. He stopped in his tracks and watched the three teenagers having sex. He decided to let the boys have their fun and then he would announce his presence after they had cum. He had no way of knowing that they had already cum twice. Geno was pleased to see the girl taking it her ass. His cock hardened in his pants and he rubbed it through the material.

Geno watched the two boys ejaculate into the girl and then he entered the room and screamed at them. "What do you think you are doing?"

Rob and Don scrambled to gather up their clothes and dashed out of the room. Geno laughed to himself at their dilemma. Marilyn began to pick her clothes to get dressed but Geno stopped her. 

"Stay still. What's you name?"

"Marilyn."

"How old are you?"

"Eighteen."

"Good you come with me. No don't get dressed."

Marilyn held her clothes in her arms and followed the janitor to his quarters in the basement. Geno locked the door to his small apartment and turned and smiled at the shapely teenager. He took in her body and admired it. She had great tits, a great ass and nice looking pussy.

"I see that you like cock. Now I show you a man's cock," he told her. 

Geno dropped his pants and underwear and his thick meat flopped out. Marilyn looked at it and her eyes opened wide. Even soft it was bigger then Ron or Don. Geno undressed and told Marilyn to put her clothes on the chair. They stood naked looking at each other for several seconds.

"Now you get me hard and we have some fun," Geno told her.

Marilyn knelt in front of Geno and tentatively took this thick cock in her hand. Her hand did not fit around the base of his cock. She brought it to her mouth and kissed the head and teased the pee slit with her tongue. It was the first time that she had ever seen an uncut cock and she liked playing with it. Geno got hard and Marilyn was sure that cock was at least nine inches long. She liked skinning back the foreskin and exposing the smooth head. She teased Geno with her mouth and tongue as she became more confident handling the big dick.

"You like my cock, yes?"

"Yes, I like it."

"Good now we fuck. Get in my bed."

Marilyn stood up and turned to find the bed. She felt his big calloused hand grab her buttock. "You have a nice ass. Maybe I fuck that too."

Marilyn panicked briefly as she could not imagine taking that cock in her ass. She made her way over to the bed and lay on her back. Geno got between her legs and eased the head of his cock into her receptive pussy. Marilyn kept one hand around the base of his shaft so that he didn't totally penetrate her. She was thankful that his cock was tapered and she could handle the first five inches. Geno knelt on his haunches and slowly fucked her. She had never felt so full in her life and it was marvelous. His cock touched previously untouched areas in her womb. Marilyn wondered who else the janitor was fucking in the school. She immediately thought of her teacher Karen Johnson. She wondered if Karen knew about Geno's big dick. 

Geno was careful with the teen and he savored every minute he was in her. Marilyn felt another orgasm approaching as the big dick rubbed her clit and g-spot at the same time. She had never felt anything so wonderful. Her body moved involuntarily and her nipples were as hard as pencil erasers. Geno leaned over and sucked on her nipples and as he did more of his cock entered her womb. Marilyn gasped at the penetration but she was surprised that it didn't hurt. She still had her hand around the base of his cock as she was sure that she couldn't take it all.

Suddenly she had the most intense orgasm she ever had and her body thrashed all around. Marilyn unintentionally released her grip on the big cock and Geno drove it all the way into her pussy. Marilyn was lost in her crescendo and it wasn't until she calmed her body that she realized how full her womb was. She knew then that she had taken all of Geno's cock and her vulva was spread wide around the base. Geno picked up the pace and approached his own release.

He was unsure if Marilyn was safe and it wasn't worth taking any chances so he pulled out before he came. He stroked his cock and shot streams of semen onto her body. Ropes of his seed hit her neck, breasts and abs before pooling around her pubes. Marilyn was doused with his seed and her pussy was twitching after being stretched to new dimensions. She was sexually sated and felt incredibly erotic.

Geno turned her over on her belly and lifted her by her hips. Marilyn looked over her shoulder at him and watched as he retrieved a tube of something. He put the tube in her anus and squeezed and ample amount of lubricant in her. He fingered her ass and pussy at the same time and his fingers were as thick as small cocks. Marilyn liked the sensation of the dual penetration. Geno then removed his fingers and placed a butt plug in Marilyn's ass. She had never seen anything like it but she was excited by the act. The plug was designed to stay in her ass until pulled out and it was as thick as any cock that had been in her ass.

Geno then pushed his cock into her pussy and fucked her doggy style with the butt plug in her ass. Marilyn once again had the sensation of two cocks in her at the same time and she wished there was a third one for her mouth. Geno fucked her slowly and he was careful not to go to deep. Marilyn felt yet another orgasm approaching and when she climaxed Geno pulled the butt plug from her ass. As her body trembled in orgasm, Geno moved his cock from her pussy to her ass. It was a good thing that his cock was tapered or it would never have fit.

He was only able to get five inches in her ass but that was enough. He liked looking at her shapely bottom as he cock moved in and out. Marilyn held her breath hoping he would not drive his cock all the way in and hurt her. Geno maintained the depth of the penetration and he fondled Marilyn's lovely buttocks as he fucked her. The tightness of her nether hole and the eroticism of the anal sex were too much for Geno and he came quicker then he expected. He ejaculated in her rectum and filled her with his seed. Marilyn contracted her sphincter squeezing out every drop of semen. Geno leaned over her body with his cock still in her ass and held her breasts in both hands. He stayed in that position fondling her tits until his cock softened and slipped from her asshole. Marilyn collapsed face down on the bed.

She had gone looking for cock that day and she got more than she ever expected. She rested on Geno's bed for several minutes and then he told her she could shower in his bathroom. Marilyn was grateful that she could clean up before returning to her dorm room. She showered dressed and left Geno's apartment. He told her before she left that she could come back anytime. As she walked back to her dorm she felt normal even though she had handled the biggest cock ever. She got to her room with an hour to spare before dinner time. She tried to relax with a book but her mind kept going back to her afternoon of sex. After dinner that evening she went to bed early and rested her weary body. She had no idea what was in store for her on Sunday.

PERFORMING FAVORS

On Sunday after breakfast Marilyn was summoned by the principal. "I have a special request and you are the only one I can count on to handle it," Audrey told her.

The principal went on, "Last year Becky entertained our benefactors and this year I need a new girl to do it. They are waiting for you in my office. Please be nice to them."

Marilyn wasn't sure what she was to do but she did as the principal asked and went to the office. She knocked on the office door and heard a voice telling her to enter. An attractive woman greeted her and then announced her arrival. Marilyn was shown into the office by the woman and then the door was closed and locked behind her. 

"Come in my dear," the one man said, "I am Sam Davis and these two gentlemen are Board members."

Marilyn stared at the three men seated in a semi-circle in front of the principal's desk. Marilyn was told to come closer until she stood in front of Sam with a Board member on either side of her. The three of them were salivating over this luscious young teenager. The men were all in their forties and they looked very fit and professional. Marilyn was not offended or repulsed by their appearance as she first thought that she might have been. 

"So tell us dear, why are you here?" one asked. 

"Well I am willing to do whatever it takes to make you happy", she replied. 

"I see and you are prepared to do anything," he continued.

"Oh yes sir, I am," she said. 

"Well then let's have a look at you," Sam bided.

Marilyn stepped closer between the three men and she noticed that they were already sporting erections visible in their pants. The men touched her legs above her knee high socks sending chills through her. She shivered and displayed goose bumps as they stroked her beautiful legs. 

Their hands wandered up under her skirt and began to caress her buttocks and vagina. One of the men grasped her panties at the waist and slowly lowered them down her legs past her socks. They caressed her naked ass and tickled her pubic area. Marilyn could feel herself getting wet and horny. One of the men slipped a finger into her cunt and she jolted at the intrusion. 

The man stroking her magnificent buns asked, "I know that you are not a virgin but have you ever been fucked in the ass?" 

"Only about 20 times," replied Marilyn noticing the man's excitement at her answer. 

He then pushed a pussy moistened finger into her bunghole which was still moist from her douche. The men slowly undressed her taking their time fondling and playing with her. They removed her panties from her legs then her plaid skirt was taken from her. They marveled at her beauty as she stood before them in just her blouse, bra, knee high socks and saddle shoes. They next removed her blouse and bra. Again they stopped to look at her. She was incredibly desirable standing there in just her socks and shoes displaying her firm tits, shapely legs, curvy figure and fantastic ass. 

"Oh will you look at this ass. It is absolutely beautiful. Look how far it sticks out from her body," one of them commented.

"It must stick out at least a foot, let's measure it," another one said.

Sam took a ruler from his desk and measured Marilyn's ass. "It measures nine inches from her thighs to the curve."

The men removed her shoes and socks and then had her lay on the floor and within seconds there was a man on each tit and one sucking her pussy. They rotated so that they all had a chance to taste the nectar of her cunt. Marilyn had two mild orgasms with all this attention. The men stood up and removed their clothes and each of them possessed normal size cocks of 6 - 6 ½ inches.

"Are you all going to do me at the same time," Marilyn asked seductively. 

The men had not thought of that since they had never done that before. However the idea appealed to them. 

"Can you handle three at the same time," one asked. 

"Oh yes and I love it. It feels so good to have cocks in my mouth, pussy and ass at the same time" Marilyn replied. 
