 MARILYN RECEIVES A SPECIAL ASSIGNMENT

Marilyn was in Jim Carlson's classroom at the end of the school day. The door was locked and they were both naked except for Marilyn's knee high socks. Jim would normally be satisfied with a student bent over his desk with her panties off and her skirt flipped up over her back. However with Marilyn's incredible body, he wanted them both naked. She left the socks on at his request as he thought she looked so sexy wearing just them.

He had already eaten her pussy and fucked her. She turned around and presented her marvelous ass to him. He played with her and caressed her glorious globes. She had used the restroom to douche her ass and get it nice and clean for Mr. Carlson as he loved to rim her bottom. His tongue danced around her anus driving her wild with desire. He began to lubricate and finger her rectum with lotion and his saliva. Unable to stand it any longer he stood up and eased his cock into her receptive ass.

He would try to hold on for as long as he could as he loved watching his cock glide in and out of her curvy bottom. There was no better sight in the world for Jim Carlson then to see his cock in a shapely ass. Marilyn fingered her pussy as the impressive cock moved in and out. She looked forward to him cumming in her ass as she loved the sensation of her rectum being flooded with warm semen. 

"Here it comes, Marilyn."

"Oh good," she squealed.

He held onto her hips and plunged his cock all the way in. He ejaculated and filled her rectum with his seed. He remained still until his cock stopped pulsating and then he eased it out slowly. He could see his semen back out of her anus and he moved his cock around in the discharge. Scooping up some of the semen with his dick head, he pushed it back in her ass. They made a little game out of it as Marilyn would squeeze the semen out and Jim would push it back in. Eventually his cock softened and he stepped away. He handed Marilyn one of the art smocks so she could wipe her bottom.

Just then the intercom rang, "Yes," Jim answered.

"Jim its Audrey is Marilyn with you."

"Yes she is."

"Send her to my office when you are done fucking her."

"We're finished, she'll be there shortly."

"That was the principal Marilyn. She wants to see you in her office."

"Did she say why?"

"No just that you report there as soon as you can."

"Maybe she wants to eat my pussy again or she needs hers tended to," Marilyn said and giggled.

"Maybe, thanks for staying after class today."

"My pleasure, it's always fun with you."

Marilyn got dressed and headed down to the principal's office. On her way she passed the janitor who grabbed his crotch and slipped a hand under her skirt cupping one of her ass cheeks.

"Come and see me. I miss you and I know you miss my big cock."

"Not now, I have to see the principal," Marilyn replied as she broke loose from his grip.

As she walked away she recalled that first time with him and how he managed to get his huge thick cock in her ass. She would definitely visit him again but it was better on the weekends when no teachers were around. She stopped in front of the principal's office, smoothed out her skirt and knocked on the door.

"Come in," Audrey called out and Marilyn entered the office.

"Ah Marilyn it's good to see you. How was Mr. Carlson today?" 

"Fine, he's fine."

"I bet he is now. I have a special assignment for you. You did such a good job with our board members that I think that you are just the person for the job."

Marilyn quickly recalled being with the three board members and experiencing another triple penetration. "Thank you, I guess. How can I be of assistance?"

"There is a fund raiser coming up and I need several girls to serve food and drinks to our benefactors. I want you to recruit four other girls to work with you as there will be at least 15 men at the function."

"Will we be expected to do more than serve food and drinks?"

"I suspect that you will especially after they have consumed some alcohol. They like a variety of girls. A blonde, a black girl, a red head and a Latino girl in addition to you is what is requested. Bring that cute blonde Donna, your roommate; I know she's been fucking students and teachers. Anyone else come to mind?"

"Yes, I know Cassandra the black girl is fucking a couple of the landscapers. Gretchen is a redhead who I know has been with a few guys and then there's Maria."

"Maria with the big tits, that's perfect. Good choices, now before you go there is one more thing. Please lock my door and take off your clothes."

RECRUITING THE GIRLS

Marilyn returned to her dorm room after some hot lesbian action with the school principal. Donna was reclining in her bed in just her shorty pajamas. Marilyn spotted the Styrofoam container on her desk. 

"I brought you something to eat when I didn't see you at dinner."

"Thanks, I got tied up with Carlson and the Principal."

"I figured something like that was going on. So how was Carlson?"

"He's a good fuck and always satisfies me before he takes my ass. He loves to cum in my ass."

"Well you know why, you have a killer ass. That's why all the guys are always after it."

"Yours is pretty nice too and I know you get your share of anal."

"So what was up with Audrey, did she eat you again?"

"Always and I had to eat her too. She's not bad for an older woman but I like Karen better. Anyway she wants me to get some girls for a big fund raiser coming up. Apparently some big time donors will be in town and the girls will have to serve drinks and food at a reception."

"You can count me in."

"I already did as they asked for one of the girls to be blonde. They also want a black girl, a redhead and a latino."

"Sounds like, we may be doing more than serving drinks and food."

"I think that's the plan. I'm going to talk to Cassandra, Gretchen and Maria to see if they are up for it. I know that none of them are virgins."

"I have a feeling that more than funds are going to be raised that night."

Marilyn had changed out of her school uniform and put on her shorty pajamas too. The two girls continued the conversation while Marilyn ate the food that Donna had got for her. After eating and disposing of the trash, Marilyn looked over at Donna who had her pajama bottoms pulled to the side and was stroking her pussy.

"I have dessert her for you when you're ready."

Donna's message was clear and Marilyn smiled at her roommate and lover. The two girls quickly shed their pajamas and Marilyn got in bed with Donna. The two 18 year old girls made tender love to each other in a 69 position. Marilyn licked Donna's sweet pussy again and again as she reveled in the smell and taste of her. Marilyn pointed her tongue and slid it inside her lover's tight pussy and pressed downward extending her tongue as far as she could inside Donna's quim. Marilyn sucked her and tasted her sweet juices. Then Marilyn pressed down even more mashing her lips against Donna's snatch and then she sucked harder. Donna's sweet juices flowed out of her pussy as Marilyn slid her tongue in and out of Donna's cunt. Donna moaned out loud and then Marilyn felt the wonderful sensation of Donna's wet lips on her pussy. 

Marilyn licked and sucked her lover and felt Donna's tongue play over her pussy again and again. They were making love to each other just as they had many times. Marilyn put her hands under Donna's bottom and pulled her lover's hips against her face. They wiggled their faces against their pussies and groaned with pleasure, their moans muffled by the other's pussy.

Donna pulled back just a little and moved her head down a little and explored Marilyn's slit with her tongue. She found the small firm bud of Marilyn's clit causing her to cry out. Donna sucked it and flicked it with her tongue over and over. Donna heard her lover scream and felt her body go rigid. Donna continued to flick Marilyn's clit as fast as her tongue would go and Marilyn thrashed against her as Marilyn's face thrust against Donna's pussy. Marilyn's body writhed against Donna's but Donna managed to keep her mouth against her lover's pussy and she sucked and tongued her clit until Marilyn had at least two screaming climaxes. 

Donna knew her own clit was very sensitive after a climax so she slid her tongue back to her lover's pussy and sucked and lapped at her opening again and again. Marilyn's sweet juices were very abundant and Donna drank all of the sweet nectar. Their motions became frantic and they licked and sucked their firm swollen clits while their fingers located and stroked their G-spots. Donna climaxed and her body bowed up and her pussy slammed against Marilyn's mouth. Marilyn sucked the clit and ran her finger around inside Donna's sweet sex. She felt Donna's pussy clamp down on her finger as she screamed out her passion. Suddenly Marilyn felt a gush of juice against her lips and she moved her mouth down a little and let it squirt into her mouth. 

Donna's sweet delicious pussy juice shot into Marilyn's sucking mouth and she let it flow over her tongue, savoring the taste before she swallowed it. As gush after gush shot into her mouth, it made Marilyn so hot that she too exploded. Marilyn cried out in ecstasy and her own hips pushed against Donna's mouth and probing finger. They seemed to feed off of each other's passions and their climaxes seemed endless as they went on and on. Wave after wave of ecstasy shot through their bodies as they soared together from climax to climax. The young girls lost count of their climaxes. They moaned, cried, and screamed as their bodies writhed and hunched together until they collapsed. The girls lay together for a long time as they were totally spent and drained. They rested as they recuperated from their fantastic series of mind blowing orgasms. Eventually they fell asleep in each other's arms and stayed in Donna's bed until morning. 

The girls got up that Saturday morning and ate breakfast in the dining room. After breakfast Marilyn and Donna had Cassandra, Gretchen and Maria back to their room. Marilyn explained the fund raising event and told the girls that they were selected by the Principal to help out. The other three girls were excited that they had been chosen by the Principal. Marilyn did not tell them that they may have to perform sexual favors as she decided to let them find out for themselves. The three girls left the dorm room and Donna put her hand over her mouth to conceal a giggle.

"They are in for a surprise."

"I didn't want to spook them. I figured that once they are there and things start to happen, they will go along with it."

"I hope Cassandra isn't an anal virgin. With that ass she is going to have plenty of takers," Donna offered.

"You're right but I'm not worried about her. I'm more concerned about Maria and Gretchen and how they will react. I'm sure one of the donors is going to go gaga over Maria's big tits."

"Why are you worried about Gretchen?"

"I don't know maybe it's the pigtails. I can see a guy holding on to them while she sucks his cock or if he is fucking her doggy style."

Donna responded, "Yeah I can see that too. Hey what's planned for today?"

"No plans, I thought that we might pay the janitor a visit."

"Oh that's a great idea. I have been anxious to see his big cock since you told me about it."

They left their dorm room and made their way to the janitor's quarters where Geno was relaxing with a cup of coffee. He was pleased to see Donna with Marilyn.

"Good I fuck two girls today."

Marilyn and Donna entered Geno's quarters and from there things moved quickly. Geno didn't want to waste any time as he was anxious to fuck the pretty Donna and Marilyn, Donna would be a bonus. Once in the bedroom they shed their clothes and both girls stared at the massive cock on Geno. Donna was sure that it was at least ten inches long and had to be at least six inches around. It was bigger than their largest dildo. Donna was nervous and she wondered how Marilyn ever handled it the first time and she recalled that Marilyn had taken it in her ass too.

"Geno you are going to have to fuck me first as I'm not sure that Donna can take your cock," 

Marilyn said anxiously.

"That okay, I fuck her next," Geno agreed.

Marilyn lay back on her bed as Geno got in between her legs and slowly but surely pushed his cock into Marilyn's pussy. Marilyn gasped as she felt her pussy stretched to new dimensions as the massive cock filled her. Geno was careful though as he understood how big he was and he had no desire to hurt the girl. Donna stared in disbelief as in after inch disappeared into her girlfriend's cunt. Geno began fucking slowly and each time he thrust into Marilyn more of his cock entered her twat. Marilyn found herself holding her breath as the monster cock filled her like the first time. Soon all of Geno's cock was buried in Marilyn's cunt and she could feel his pubic hairs tickling her labia.

Marilyn came at least three times before Geno finally ejaculated in her womb. He body tensed and he fired a barrage of cum deep into Marilyn's belly. Marilyn's eyes were wide with excitement as she felt cum flood her pussy. Marilyn collapsed on the bed and Geno slowly eased his cock from her cunt. Marilyn felt the cool air of the room rush into her pussy as it was vacated by the massive cock. Donna stared at Geno's semi-hard cock as it looked menacing dripping with their combined juices. Geno looked at Donna and he could tell that she was turned on even though she was nervous.

"You suck now then I fuck you," Geno ordered.

As if in a trance Donna lowered her mouth to the large shaft and took it in her mouth. She could barely get her mouth around the head of his cock and she felt her jaw stretch to accommodate his girth. Donna could only manage a couple of inches in her mouth as his cock was too thick to permit more. She tasted the familiar juice from Marilyn's pussy and the distinct tang of Geno's cum. Geno got erect again and Donna awaited her fate.

"Okay we fuck now," he announced.

"Geno I won't be able to take all of you. Please be careful," Donna pleaded.

Marilyn moved to her knees and took Geno's cock in her hand. "I'll hold him so he doesn't go to deep. You should get on him so you can control the penetration," she advised.

Geno rolled over on his back and Marilyn held his cock at the base as Donna straddled him and lowered her pussy onto his enormous cock. Donna felt her pussy stretch to accommodate his size and she was glad that she was on top. Donna worked herself up and down taking a little more into her cunt as she slowly descended on his cock. An orgasm snuck up on her and she thrashed about as she came. She lost control and slid down further on Geno's cock and she was thankful that Marilyn's hand was in place to prevent further penetration. Donna came three more times before Geno approached his orgasm. 

Geno then began bucking his hips and in one quick movement he rolled them over. Donna remained impaled on his large cock as Geno rolled over and ended on top of Donna. Donna was now on her back with Geno between her legs racing toward his ejaculation. When they rolled over Marilyn had to break the grip on his cock and she frantically tried to get a hold of it again but she was too late. Geno was carried away with his orgasm and he began to thrust into Donna. She now realized that Marilyn's hand was absent and that Geno was thrusting his huge cock all the way into her pussy. Donna was carried away as she too had a massive orgasm locking her legs around Geno and riding it out with him. Geno then stiffened and flooded Donna's pussy with cum.

Geno collapsed on top of Donna and they lay still for several moments until he carefully pulled out of her. He kept his weight on his elbows and knees as his cock withdrew from her dilated pussy. Marilyn was sure that she heard an audible pop when Geno pulled his cock out of Donna's cunt. Donna had never been so thoroughly fucked by one person or so full of cock. Donna lay still as her body seemed to quiver on its own. Geno sat up on the bed and his soft cock lay across his thigh. Even soft it looked enormous.

Geno told them to come into the kitchen and they could get a drink. Donna followed Marilyn and Geno followed Donna to the kitchen. Geno looked at Donna's shapely ass and whistled.

"Hey you got nice ass," he said as he patted her on her ass cheek.

"Yeah but don't you even think about trying to put that monster in it," Donna snapped.

Geno laughed but he knew that he could never fuck her in her tight ass. Geno would be content to fuck her doggy-style and play with her shapely ass. After they had a couple of drinks they returned to the bedroom. Geno fucked them both again. He fucked Marilyn missionary style at her request as she didn't want him in her ass and then he fucked Donna doggy-style. He managed to stick one of his thick fingers in Donna's ass as he fucked her. Donna was surprised by the thickness of his finger as it felt like another cock in her. This time Geno pulled out of Donna's pussy and sprayed his load over the cheeks of her ass. 

The girls cleaned up, dressed and left. They were curious if they looked at different after being fucked by such a massive cock. Once back in their dorm room they checked out each other's pussy. Satisfied that they were uninjured and appeared normal they showered, dressed and went to the dining hall for lunch. They were done with sex for the day and they just chilled out and did some homework. 

FUNDRAISER RECEPTION

The Principal, Audrey brought the five girls to the hotel penthouse suite. The food had already been delivered and the bartender was on duty. Audrey went over last minute instructions for the girls and reminded them that she was nearby if they needed her. The girls were dressed in their school uniforms and they all looked so fresh and innocent. 

"One more thing girls, we have to have your skirts a little shorter."

The girls were surprised as the skirts were already cut six inches above the knee. Audrey showed them how to fold the waistband over several times which raised their skirts higher. The skirts now barely covered the buttocks and pubes. The girls blushed and giggled as they checked themselves out in the mirror. Marilyn though they all looked sexy with so much thigh showing. Audrey ushered them into the large room where they awaited the donors to arrive.

Here they were instructed to serve the guests champagne and appetizers. They were to circulate among the guests carrying trays and keep the guests satisfied. Under no circumstances did Audrey want any of the donors dissatisfied or complaining even if they got a little fresh with the girls. The girls stocked the trays and proceeded into the reception area. All the guests were men dressed in tuxedos. There were 15 men in total. The girls circulated around serving the champagne and appetizers at first. Later some of the men switched to hard liquor and the girls took their orders and had the bartender make the drinks.

As the party went on and more alcohol was consumed the men got friskier with the girls. Often as they were passing by, a hand would stray under the short uniform skirt and caress their buttocks. As one man lifted a drink off of Gretchen's tray his hand found its way under her skirt and stroked her panty covered pussy. Maria was steadying herself by holding on to the arm of one man while he fingered her pussy, another one massaged her ass cheeks and a third fondled her ample breasts. The caressing and fingering continued and the girls pussies were dripping wet. Maria and Gretchen went into the other room to get rid of the empty glasses and replenish the champagne.

"Gretchen I am so turned on that I have to cum soon or I will go crazy," Maria whispered. 
