 Jim Carlson woke up Saturday morning in his condo and he was still pissed about the night before. Fellow teacher Karen Johnson was supposed to come over Friday night for pizza, a movie and sex afterward. Jim had planned for her to spend the night so he would have a piece of ass first thing Saturday morning. In fact he was hoping that she would spend the weekend with him and they would have great sex together. However she called last minute and cancelled with some lame excuse. He had a morning erection and as he stroked it he thought about how to fill the void in his bed at the last minute. Then it hit him, he would invite Marilyn to spend Saturday with him.

He picked up the phone and called Audrey at her house. "Audrey its Jim, listen I want to bring Marilyn to my place for the weekend. Are you okay with that?"

Audrey reached down and stroked Rachel's hair and answered, "Of course Jim, you have my permission. I'll call the duty officer and clear it."

"Thanks!"

"No problem," Audrey replied as she hung up with Jim and called the teacher on duty to clear Marilyn's release.

"What was that about?" Rachel asked lifting her head up.

"Oh was Jim Carlson, he must be horny because he asked to have Marilyn for the weekend. Now where were we," Audrey replied as she guided Rachel's face back between her legs.

Marilyn had just finished breakfast and had returned to her dorm room with Donna. The two of them were going to go to the training room to see which boys might be there. However Marilyn's plans changed when Bob Edwards came to her room and told her that Jim Carlson was coming by to pick her up. Marilyn was thrilled but Donna was a little disappointed that she wasn't invited too. Edwards told Marilyn to report to him at the duty office to sign out. Marilyn tidied herself up and reported to the office in her school uniform.

Bob Edwards knew that his colleague was going to be fucking Marilyn all weekend. He decided he would get a piece of that before Carlson got there. When Marilyn arrived at the office Edwards closed and locked the door. He turned toward the student and freed his already hard cock from his pants. 

"I know that you are going to have a lot of fun with Carlson but before you leave you need to take care of this."

Marilyn stared at the erect Bob and without hesitation she dropped to her knees and sucked on it. She had sucked his cock before and she knew what he liked. She used all her talents and within minutes he was cumming in her mouth. Marilyn instinctively swallowed his load and drained all the semen from his cock. She even put it back in his pants and zipped him up. Minutes later Carlson was there to escort her out of the building to his car. Marilyn stopped at a bubbler and rinsed her mouth swallowing the water and any traces of semen.

A WEEKEND WITH MARILYN 

Jim woke up with a piss hard-on and he looked over at the sleeping Marilyn. She was sleeping on her stomach and they were both naked. Jim eased the bed sheet off her body and he stared at her incredible ass. As he looked at her and relished the fact that he had fuck her in the ass twice last night. Of course he took good care of her pussy and brought her to multiple orgasms but it was her ass that drove him wild. He was glad to fuck her and thrilled that she would give up her ass to him again.

Jim continued to stare at Marilyn's shapely figure and bubble butt. Her ass was not only perfectly shaped but it was one of those asses that reached out and begged to be touched. When Jim took her hand and led her to his bedroom, Marilyn did not object and followed him into the room. He had her stand in front of a mirror while he stood behind her and undressed her. It seemed that Jim had taken an hour instead of minutes to undress her as she watched her uniform stripped from her body.

Jim then unbuttoned her blouse and eased the top down and off her shoulders. He caressed her shoulders raising goose bumps on her skin and Marilyn was sure that he would remove her bra next but he didn't. He dropped to his knees behind her and slowly pulled her skirt down to the floor unveiling her perfect ass. He lifted one foot at a time so that she stepped out of the pleated skirt entirely. He tossed the skirt and blouse to one side leaving her standing in only her saddle shoes, knee high white socks, panties and bra.

Jim then lifted one foot at a time and removed her shoes and socks. Next he stood up behind her and circled his arms around her cupping her bra encased breasts. He kissed her neck and tongued her ear sending chills through her body. Next he unsnapped her bra and slowly removed it from her body. His hands touched her arms lightly as he peeled the bra straps down them. Marilyn's nipples were rock hard and standing out aching to be touched and kissed. Marilyn realized that her pussy was sopping wet and was soaking her panties. All of a sudden she wished that Jim would hurry and just throw her on the bed and make love to her. 

But Jim did not hurry; he took his time and continued the seductive foreplay. Marilyn didn't know what to expect next. She watched herself in the mirror as Jim peeled her panties down and off her legs. Marilyn had not looked at herself completely naked recently and now she was watching as the last item of clothing was removed from her body by her teacher.

Jim left Marilyn standing in front of the mirror looking at her naked body as he quickly stepped to side out of view and removed his clothes. When he came back into view, she caught a glimpse of his erection in the mirror. She liked the look of his impressive cock. Jim stepped close behind her again and took her in his arms. His hands caressed her breasts and tweaked her nipples. Marilyn felt his cock brush against her buttocks and then it found its way into the crack of her backside.

He then began a descent down her body kissing her shoulders, lower back, buttocks and legs down to the back of her knees. Marilyn's body trembled with desire as he planted soft kisses all over her. He worked his way back up to her bottom and kissed each cheek lovingly. Marilyn's pussy was flowing with her juices and she needed to cum soon or she would go crazy. Jim kissed her tailbone just above the crack of her behind and she shivered as chills ran through her body.

He remained on his knees as he turned Marilyn toward him and then he licked and kissed her pubes. Marilyn gasped aloud when his tongue touched her vulva and sought out her clitoris. He grasped her buttocks and held her to him as he licked her pussy and tongued her clit. She screamed as a massive orgasm rocked her body. Marilyn held Jim's head to her vulva as she seemed to cum forever. Jim held her tightly by her buttocks and he was relentless with his tongue. Marilyn tried to push his head away several times but he just kept eating her and licking her until she collapsed in his grip. Jim eased her to the floor as he sensed that she couldn't stand anymore and then he picked her up and carried her to his bed.

Jim paced Marilyn in his bed and moved between her legs. He slid his throbbing cock into her wet cunt and fucked her through countless orgasms. Jim then rolled her over and lifted her hips until her incredible ass was in the desired position. He played with her ass for the longest time and he had her squirming with desire. He retrieved a lubricant from his nightstand and took his time preparing her ass for his cock. He finally slid his cock into her ass and fucked her slowly.

Jim had a nice cock just the size that Marilyn like in her ass, not too long and not too thick. Jim was very turned on and it didn't take long for him to cum and flood her passage. It seemed as if he would never stop spurting in her rectum. Jim stayed hard and continued to fuck her ass. Marilyn then realized that he planned to keep fucking her ass until he came again. His cock moved easily in her cum drenched asshole and she felt his cock push the spunk deeper into her channel. He came a second time and it seemed that it was as much as the first. Marilyn could feel the pressure in her cum filled ass. Jim finally softened and slipped from her ass.

That was last night but now Jim rolled the sleeping Marilyn over on her back and moved between her legs. He slipped his morning piss hard-on into her juicy quim and he began to fuck her slowly. Marilyn opened her eyes and smiled and then wrapped her arms around her teacher. Jim fucked Marilyn through multiple orgasms that morning until she pleaded with him to give her pussy a rest. He pulled out and went into the bathroom to finally take his morning piss. He felt that his bladder was ready to burst. Jim returned to the bed and Marilyn lovingly stroked his cock. He suggested a shower and they both showered together.

They washed each other's body and Marilyn played with Jim's cock as he soaped up her fantastic ass. She dropped to her knees and took Jim's cock in her mouth. Jim was ready to pop and he told her that he was about to cum. She took the first blast of cum in her mouth and then pulled his cock out and let him cum on her tits. She didn't mind swallowing cum it was that she wanted to watch him shoot. Jim came in buckets and Marilyn enjoyed watching him shoot as the shower water washed the seed from her body.

He stayed hard after the blowjob and he lifted Marilyn to her feet and turned her toward the shower wall. He just had to have her ass again. He watched as his cock slid in and out of her shapely ass. Jim fucked her for quite a while before her came a second time that morning. Once again he flooded her ass with his Bob juice. Marilyn gasped as she felt cum shoot into her anal passage filling it to overflowing. They finished showering, dried off and then returned to bed where they cuddled and rested before Jim would make breakfast. 

He was glad that she was able to come to his place although he couldn't make a habit of it. Jim actually enjoyed fucking the 18 year old student more than Karen, although he would never say that to anyone. Jim got up and made breakfast for them. After breakfast they had sex again and Jim was able to get hard but he did not cum again. Still he pleasured Marilyn before he had her get dressed and took her back to the school. It had been an enjoyable weekend of spontaneous sex for both of them.

Back at school, Marilyn had to check in with Bob Edwards. Having more time upon her return, he had Marilyn suck his cock and then he fucked her from behind. With his pants and underwear down around his knees, he lifted her skirt, lowered her panties and slipped his Bob into her from behind. He took his time fucking her and caressing her curvy bottom. He tried hard to prolong the encounter but he couldn't contain himself and he emptied his balls in her pussy. 

She cleaned up in the restroom and made her way back to her dorm room. Donna was there and she wanted to hear all about Marilyn's weekend, however it was lunch time and they first went to the dining room together. After lunch Donna's brother joined them in their dorm room and Marilyn shared her weekend adventure with them.

THREESOME IN THE DORM ROOM

Back in their room the three of them got naked and Marilyn told them about her weekend. Donna played with her pussy and her brother Chris stroked his cock as they listened. Marilyn could not help but stare at Donna's blonde bush quickly recalling how tasty Donna was when Marilyn licked her pussy. Donna walked up to Marilyn and kissed her deeply. Marilyn kissed back and the two of them plunged their tongues into the other's mouth. Donna wrapped her arms around Marilyn and held her tight as they kissed and Marilyn could feel her lover's breasts press into her own. Marilyn momentarily forgot about Chris as she and Donna kissed but then she felt his presence behind her.

Chris knelt down behind Marilyn and Marilyn trembled in Donna's arms when she felt Chris's breath on her buttocks. Without breaking their kiss, Marilyn felt her naked breasts press against Donna's tits and their rock hard nipples rubbed together. Marilyn was seemingly in another world as she was about to experience yet another threesome. Even after being with Mr. Carlson and Mr. Edwards, she was ready for more. She laughed silently to herself when she thought that her parents sent her to the private school because she was having sex at home.

Chris was now rubbing and caressing Marilyn's curvy ass as he planted soft wet kisses on her buttocks. Marilyn's shivered when Chris's tongue slid in between her ass cheeks and licked all the way up to her tailbone and back down to her nether hole. Marilyn groaned into Donna's mouth when she felt the familiar sensation as Chris's tongue probed her rosebud. She felt Chris pry her buttocks apart and then lick her nether hole getting it very wet. He then blew on her wet asshole and Marilyn felt the slight chill caused by his blowing on her wet anus. Donna kissed Marilyn deep as she ran her hands up between their bodies and cupped Marilyn's firm tits. Marilyn followed Donna's lead and she reached up and fondled Donna's lovely breasts. Marilyn then felt something in her ass and she realized that Chris was lubricating her anus. Marilyn and Donna kissed and fondled each other as Chris prepared Marilyn's ass for his cock. She then felt him as he stood up behind her and as he did, Donna broke their embrace and dropped to her knees in front of Marilyn.

Donna parted Marilyn's legs and stroked her pussy. Marilyn was soaking wet and she felt Donna's fingers enter her vagina. Marilyn groaned and then shivered as her body felt tingles run through it when Donna moved her mouth to Marilyn's pussy. Marilyn placed her hands on Donna's shoulders to balance herself as Donna began her magic on Marilyn's cunt. 

"Lean over just a little bit more," Chris whispered.

Marilyn felt Chris push her gently so that she had to lean forward over Donna and then she felt Chris's cock slide into her lubricated asshole. Chris was gentle as he slowly fed her his cock. Marilyn's hands moved down to Donna's back as she was bent over further. Donna had her mouth fastened on Marilyn's pussy as Chris drilled the inviting ass from behind. Marilyn was going wild with desire and she felt her orgasm building in her loins. She squealed out loud as her orgasm rocked her body and she drenched Donna's face. 

"Oh, oh, oh," Marilyn moaned as she orgasmed.

All the while Chris continued to slowly fuck her ass and caress her lovely buttocks. He continued to compliment Marilyn on her beautiful ass and he told her how good she looked with his cock sliding in and out of it. Marilyn had a massive orgasm and her entire body shook with the intensity of it. Donna then moved away from Marilyn and she lay on her back on the floor. Donna beckoned Marilyn to come to her as she spread her legs baring her pretty blonde pussy. As if in a trance Marilyn descended between her roommate's legs, knowing full well what she wanted.

Marilyn's mouth covered the blonde pussy much to the delight of Donna and Chris. She felt her body positioned so that Chris could continue to fuck her in the ass while she ate Donna's pussy. Chris's cock was moving smoothly now gliding in and out of Marilyn's shapely ass. As much as he tried to hold off cumming it was all too much for him and he exploded in Marilyn's rectum. Marilyn felt the surge of semen flood her ass. She liked the feeling of the warm liquid coating her anal passage and filling her rectum. He left his cock in her ass and she massaged it with her sphincter muscles keeping Chris hard.

Donna was the next to cum and she threw her pelvis up into Marilyn's face as she reached up with both hands and held lover securely. Marilyn's head was locked to Donna's cunt and she opened her mouth to receive the love juices. Donna came so hard that she actually squirted and Marilyn drank down every drop. She held Marilyn's head tightly until she had reached her climax and then she released her as she fell backward on the floor. Donna was not idle long though as she scrambled to her feet leaving Marilyn with Chris's cock still in her ass.

"God that was so good. I'll be right back," Donna announced as she went to her dresser.

Within minutes Donna was wearing the strap-on dildo which was very familiar to Marilyn. Donna lay back down on the floor with the dildo sticking straight up. Donna told Marilyn to sit on her cock and in order to do so Chris removed his cock from Marilyn's asshole. Marilyn then moved over the dildo and lowered her pussy onto the fake cock. Marilyn moved around so the rubber Bob nestled comfortably in her pussy and then she felt Chris behind her again.

Marilyn remained still impaled on the fake cock as Chris positioned himself to re-enter her ass. Marilyn felt Chris's impressive cock slide back in her asshole and she felt incredibly full with the double penetration. Marilyn was experiencing another double penetration and she wondered what else they might do that afternoon. The fake cock rubbed against her clit as it slid in and out. Marilyn knew that she would orgasm again and it could be at any moment. Donna also benefited from the fake cock as the nub at her end rubbed against her sensitive clit. Soon both girls were screaming as their orgasms sent their bodies into spasm. Chris rode out the storm keeping his cock buried in Marilyn's ass but he did not cum this time.

As the two girls lay motionless on the floor Chris eased his cock out of Marilyn's bottom. Marilyn then lifted her body off the fake cock and lay face down on the floor. Donna rested only for a few minutes before she got behind Marilyn and lifted her by the hips. Marilyn kept her head down on the floor turned to one side and she watched as Donna knelt behind her. She felt the talented tongue move between her buttocks. Donna tongued Marilyn's ass and Marilyn felt the semen ooze out of her anus. Chris then moved behind Donna and slipped his cock into his sister's ass.

Chris began to fuck Donna as she made love to Marilyn's ass. Marilyn looked over her shoulder so that could watch the both of them as she had her butt reamed out by Donna's tongue. Marilyn was getting turned on again as she had become insatiable at the hands of her two lovers as what Chris and Donna were able to do her ass was incredible. Marilyn heard Donna groan as Chris drilled her ass and then she heard the gasp that signaled that Chris had cum in his sister's ass. 

Donna's tongue ran up and down in the crack of Marilyn's ass kissing and probing Marilyn's anus and pussy. When Donna sensed that Marilyn was close to another orgasm, she fastened her mouth on Marilyn's pussy and sucked the clit like she would a cock. Marilyn screamed as a massive climax rocked her body and he ass gyrated out of control. Donna tried to stay with Marilyn but the movements and undulations were too violent. Chris enjoyed watching Marilyn's ass as it seemingly humped the air. Marilyn collapsed on the floor and Donna moved next to her. Chris stared at the two incredible asses on the floor in front of him and he was pleased that he got to fuck both of them again.

Staying hard and trying to cum a third time Chris worked over both bottoms. He moved back and forth between them fucking one ass for a while and then the other. Donna and Marilyn held hands and kissed as their butt holes were alternately filled with cock. It took a while but Chris managed to cum again and this time he sprayed both bottoms with his seed. The girls giggled when they felt the semen land on their ass cheeks and they wiggled their bottoms in response. Chris collapsed next to them and they all rested for some time before they got up and cleaned up. It was almost dinner time and they agreed that they had worked up an appetite.

MARILYN'S WEEK AHEAD

Monday and Tuesday were light days and Marilyn was content to spend them with Donna. On Wednesday she was summoned to meet with Mr. Edwards. She was thinking about her active sex life since arriving at school. If only her parents knew what went on at this place. Her pussy was soaking wet from her thoughts about the past weekend when she entered the room. She was pleased when she saw Ms. Corrine Collins and Mr. Tom Ingles in the room.
