 Marilyn was thrilled when she learned from the principal that she was chosen for another erotic assignment. The men had arranged with the school to let Marilyn spend the weekend with them and at an estate. Best of all was that Marilyn was allowed to bring her roommate Donna along for the weekend. It would be another pleasant break from the private girl's school and another sexual escapade. Marilyn reminded Donna that they were to behave as if they were not very experienced sexually.

James and Thomas rode in the back seat of the limo driven by James's chauffeur Arthur. The car made its way to the school to pick up the young unsuspecting beauties. James Russell, a successful porn movie producer, had a passion for young girls particularly those in private schools. He loved the uniforms they wore and he loved to watch them run around baring their thighs as the plaid skirts rode up their legs. The car arrived early at the school as James hoped to catch the girls outside playing on the grounds. Arthur pulled into a parking spot that gave the men a good view of some school girls playing kick ball on the lawn.

The three men stared hungrily at the girls as they ran around kicking the ball. Ample leg was displayed when a girl would kick the ball and a few times the men caught a glimpse of a cotton panty under the plaid skirt. The girls pushed and shoved as they jockeyed for position and then one girl fell down. The three men leaned forward in their seats as the girl's skirt flew up over her head baring her young shapely legs and curvy panty covered ass. 

Minutes later a bell rang and all the girls dashed inside the building. "I'll go and get the girls," Thomas said as he got out of the car.

As Thomas walked up the steps to the main building he flashed a sinister smile as the two girls had no idea what was in store for them that weekend. Thomas checked in with the duty faculty and filled out some paperwork as the two girls were summoned to the office. Marilyn and Donna arrived bubbly and giddy at the office as they were obviously excited about the weekend. The two girls got excited again when they saw the limo waiting for them. Arthur got out of the car and held the door open for the two girls. They got in and sat facing James Russell and Thomas.

"Girls this is Mr. Russell. James this is Marilyn and that is her friend Donna," Thomas said making the introductions.

"It is a pleasure to meet you both," James said and then added, "My driver's name is Arthur."

"Mr. Russell, thank you so much for inviting us to your home for the weekend, it sounds really exciting," Marilyn gushed.

"Well we will be sure to see that you enjoy yourself and please call me James. Mr. Russell sounds so old," James replied.

Marilyn and Donna just nodded their agreement. The two girls settled into their car seats and they slid back into them causing their plaid skirts to rise higher on their thighs. James and Thomas both stared at the expanse of skin between the knee high socks and the skirt. As the car made its way to the estate the girl's skirts seemed to ride higher on their legs but the two girls made no attempt to pull their skirts down. James was hoping that he might get a glimpse of their panties but that never happened on the ride to the estate.

As the car pulled into the long driveway it paused briefly to allow the gates to swing open. The girls gushed when the saw the gates and the long drive leading up to the mansion. Arthur steered the car up the circular drive and stopped in front of the house. He then came around and opened the car door.

"After you my dears," James said to the girls indicating that they should get out first.

Marilyn moved first and as she ducked her head to step out of the limo she felt a hand graze over her ass and gently pat her bottom. When Donna stepped out, she too felt a hand caress her curvy buttock. Marilyn whispered in Donna's ear and Donna nodded and then they both giggled. James was sure that they were giddy from being fondled.

Arthur showed the two girls into the house and carried their small overnight bags for them. The girls didn't pack much since they had nothing to wear but their school uniforms. They had just packed panties and toiletries. Thomas had told them not to worry that everything the girls needed would be at the estate. Of course he didn't tell them that they were not going to need much at all. Arthur showed the girls to their rooms and then told them that they were expected downstairs. The girls followed Arthur down to a room that had game tables and a bar. James and Thomas were already seated at the bar and a third man stood behind the bar. Arthur left them momentarily to put the car in the garage. 

"Ladies this is my man servant George. He is responsible for all the meals and making you feel welcome in my home," James said introducing George to the girls.

"Pleased to meet you George," Marilyn and Donna said almost at the same time.

"My pleasure ladies, may I pour you a glass of champagne?" George offered.

"I've never had champagne," Marilyn replied.

"Me either," added Donna.

"Well then it is about time you girls had your first champagne. It is the finest champagne from France," James stated.

George poured the girls a glass of champagne and then everyone toasted to an enjoyable weekend. Marilyn and Donna both loved the champagne and George saw to it that their glasses were always full. Arthur then returned to the room and he lifted his glass in a toast as well. Marilyn and Donna were told to get comfortable and they were offered the leather bar stools to sit on. Both girls stepped up on the stool to sit on them and their skirts rode up on their legs. 

THE FAKED SEDUCTION

For the next hour the four men and two pretty teenagers drank champagne and talked about school. Marilyn and Donna were both feeling the effects of the champagne and they were very giddy. They recalled Audrey's instructions not to appear anxious for sex and to let the men think that they were the seducers. Marilyn felt James's hand touch her thigh as he talked and gestured with his hands. She ignored the frequent touching and made believe that it was just James's touchy way of talking. James left his hand on her thigh one time and eventually he began to caress it. Marilyn felt chills run through her body and she felt her pussy getting wet. 

Arthur had moved behind Marilyn and he was standing very close to her, so close that she could feel his breath on her neck. Marilyn was getting hot with the two men so close to her and James's hand was now only a few inches away from her panties. Marilyn squirmed in the chair as if she was trying to get comfortable and as she did James's hand slid up under her skirt. Marilyn was about to fake her protest when Arthur spoke.

"Here let's get this off of you so you won't be so warm," Arthur said as he peeled the uniform jacket off Marilyn's shoulders. 

Arthur placed the jacket on a chair and then returned to stand behind Marilyn. James's hand then touched Marilyn's panty covered pussy and it was like an electric shock ran through her body. Marilyn reached down to grab James's hand but as she did Arthur put his arms around her and grabbed her bra encased breasts through her uniform blouse. James then held the champagne glass to Marilyn's lips encouraging her to drink some more. Marilyn took another drink and she felt her head buzzing. Things were moving quickly now as James caressed her panty covered pussy and Arthur fondled her breasts. Marilyn's panties were soaking wet and her nipples were rock hard in her bra, God how she needed to be fucked.

"Please don't," Marilyn protested weakly remembering Audrey's instructions.

"Relax Marilyn and enjoy this. You are a very lovely young lady and we are going to help you mature this weekend. Look at your roommate and see how much she is enjoying herself," James said as he rubbed her pussy with more authority.

Marilyn looked at her roommate Donna and she could hardly refrain from smiling. Donna was sipping from the champagne glass and allowing George and Thomas to fondle her body. Donna's blouse was open and her bra was unhooked. Thomas was fondling both of Donna's breasts as he stood behind her. Donna's skirt was bunched in her waist and George was massaging both of her thighs. Marilyn watched as George reached under Donna's skirt and pulled her panties down and off her legs. Thomas then removed Donna's blouse and bra so that she was naked from the waist up. Donna was now only wearing her plaid uniform skirt and white knee high socks.

Marilyn was so intent on watching Donna that she had ignored Arthur and James. Arthur had Marilyn's blouse unbuttoned and he pulled it out of her skirt. James pushed Marilyn's skirt into her lap exposing her panty covered pussy and luscious thighs. The champagne glass was held to her lips and Marilyn drank some more. Arthur had removed her blouse and then he unsnapped her bra. Marilyn gasped when Arthur hands came around and cupped her naked breasts. Arthur was so gentle that Marilyn enjoyed the caressing and when he twirled her rock hard nipples in his fingers; Marilyn was sure that she had a mild orgasm. 

"Marilyn your panties are so wet, it is best if we remove them," James whispered.

Marilyn was in such a state so she did not protest when James removed her panties. Marilyn looked over to see what was happening to Donna who was now standing wearing only her knee high white socks. Thomas knelt in front of Donna and it appeared that he was licking Donna's pussy. George knelt behind Donna and he had his face buried in her buttocks. Marilyn knew exactly what her roommate was feeling getting her pussy eaten and her ass rimmed at the same time. Donna had a look of pure ecstasy on her face.

Marilyn then felt her thighs pried apart and James lowered his mouth to her pussy. Marilyn squealed when his tongue touched her pussy. It was all she could do to resist grabbing his head and fucking his face. Arthur had moved to Marilyn's side and now he leaned over and sucked on her tits. He sucked and nibbled gently on her nipples and Marilyn went wild. Marilyn pussy gushed and her juices coated James's face. Her body trembled in the bar stool as an orgasm rocked her young body. James was not deterred by her first orgasm and he continued to lick her pussy and suck on her clit. James then put two fingers in her pussy and quickly located Marilyn's g-spot. Marilyn went wild with passion and she felt another orgasm building within her loins. Arthur continued to work on Marilyn's tits and her nipples never felt harder and more sensitive. 

James lifted Marilyn's legs over his shoulders so that she had to lean back in the bar stool. He now had access to her anus as well as her pussy and he licked her from one hole to the other. Marilyn thought that she would faint when James's tongue touched her anus. She always loved being rimmed; it felt so wicked, so naughty and so erotic all at the same time. James used Marilyn's cunt juice to lube her anus and then he eased his index finger into her asshole. He was a little surprised how easy his finger entered her. James now had the middle and ring finger in Marilyn's pussy and his index finger in her ass as he sucked on her clit. Marilyn knew she was about to experience a massive orgasm as she looked over at Donna again.

Donna was now on the sofa with Thomas and Arthur who both had their cocks out. Donna had a cock in each hand and she was stroking them as they fondled her tits and fingered her pussy. Marilyn stared at the two erect cocks as they looked big and ominous in Donna's dainty hands. Donna had her head back and her eyes closed as she played with her new found toys. The cocks were big but not as big as Geno the janitor. Marilyn found herself wondering what James's and Arthur' cocks looked like but her thoughts were interrupted when another intense orgasm rocked her body. Marilyn's body lifted off the bar stool and she thrust her pussy into James's face. Juices poured from her cunt and doused her host's face. Her nipples ached even more with the intensity of her orgasm. 

Marilyn's body calmed and James and Arthur stepped away for a few seconds. Marilyn looked over toward Donna again and saw that the three of them were all naked except for Donna's socks. Donna was on all fours and she was sucking on Thomas's cock while George knelt behind her and fucked Donna from behind. Marilyn felt her body being lifted up by Arthur and then she noticed that Arthur and James were naked. Arthur carried Marilyn over to the other sofa and Marilyn felt Arthur's erect cock brush against her naked buttocks. Marilyn knew that they were going to fuck her and make her suck cock just as Donna was doing.

She was placed on her back on the sofa and then Arthur straddled her chest and ran his big erect cock between her tits. Marilyn got turned on by Arthur fucking her tits; she always loved that when the boys did it to her. The cock slid up and down between her tits occasionally touching her cheeks and lips and she felt the wetness of pre-cum on her skin. One time the cock left a trace of pre-cum on her lips and Marilyn tasted the salty substance. Each time Arthur' cock got close to her mouth Marilyn had to fight the urge to take it in her mouth.

"Come on take it in your mouth. You know you want to," Arthur encouraged.

She leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Arthur moved up her body so that she could get more of his cock in her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take most of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. Marilyn began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. Because of his girth she was only able to get about five inches in her mouth. Marilyn slurped loudly on Arthur's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

While Marilyn was distracted with Arthur' cock in her mouth, James was preparing to fuck her pussy. James decided to start slow with Marilyn. He began by just placing his dick up to her pussy lips and rubbing his dick slowly up and down. As he did he noticed that Marilyn was soaking wet and she had already begun to moan. As James slid up and down the inside of her pussy lips, he made a conscience effort to rub over her clit every time. Each time that he did so, she would let out a very loud moan and her body would quiver with excitement. After a couple of minutes of this James decided that it was time to get inside of her. He started to pump in and out of her and before long he could tell that she was more experienced than she let on. 

Marilyn was pleased with how powerful her orgasm was and she knew it wouldn't be the only orgasm that she had that night. She began to ram her hips up every time that James pushed his dick into her receptive pussy to make sure that he went as deep into her as he could. Before long they had a very rhythmic pattern of his dick sliding in and out of her pussy and moans that became simultaneous. Within minutes both were moaning as loudly as they could as they both came at the same time except that Marilyn's moans were muffled by the cock in her mouth. 

Marilyn then returned her attention to Arthur as she sucked ravenously on his oversized cock. Her small hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Arthur placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was incredibly hot as he held her hair back to watch her cute face and sensuous mouth. Marilyn kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was passed her faked reluctance and she was incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. She was so enamored with his impressive cock; she loved to suck on it. Marilyn was desperate to please him now and to make him cum. It did not take long to bring Arthur to the edge.

Arthur did not announce that he was cumming and he held Marilyn's head on his cock determined to force her to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. Marilyn swallowed as quickly as she could so that she did not gag on his seed. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Arthur took the cock from her mouth and he watched as more cum oozed out the end of his dick. He then pushed his cock back in Marilyn's mouth so that she could suck his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and then he pushed her away.

Arthur remained hard and Marilyn stared at the ominous weapon that had just flooded her mouth. He raised himself up, moved down and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked menacing as it hovered above her hips. Arthur held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing Marilyn to moan in pleasure. Arthur would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and Marilyn sighed feeling completely full. She loved to be this full of cock.

Arthur held himself inside her waiting for Marilyn to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled as he knew he had her and she would now be his anytime he wanted her for the rest of the weekend. Marilyn was ready to be fucked again and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and then Arthur fucked her using long slow hard strokes. She locked her legs around Arthur's ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his gigantic organ as it pounded her pussy.

If Arthur hadn't just cum in her mouth he would not have been able to hold on as long. Marilyn was so hot she squeezed him with her tight pussy. He fucked her through one orgasm after another before he filled her pussy with cum. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. Marilyn felt the warm liquid fill her womb as Arthur fired round after round into her. Marilyn could still taste his cum in her mouth and now he had cum in her pussy too along with James. She could feel his cock softening but even then it still filled her cunt. Arthur slowly lifted himself off of her body and in so doing his thick cock slipped from her pussy. She felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body and she gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy. Arthur moved away from Marilyn and joined George and Thomas who were still with Donna.

James rolled Marilyn over on her stomach and looked at Marilyn's ass and he could not resist running his hands over her shapely cheeks. Her ass was so round and inviting that he felt his loins stir with desire. He got to his knees behind her and kneaded her gorg6eous ass cheeks. He then began to kiss her ass cheeks and run his tongue lightly in the crack of her ass. Marilyn wiggled her ass feeling very wicked as he tongued and kissed her. She relished the incredibly naughty and erotic sensation. 

He grabbed a buttock in each of his hands as if he was holding pillows and lifted her so that her ass was perched in the air. Marilyn's head was still on the sofa and she turned it to one side and let out a gasp as James's tongue licked close to her asshole. He ran his tongue from her pussy to her ass causing her to tingle in anticipation of what might be next. He spread her ass cheeks with his hands and dipped his tongue into the crack locating her nether hole. His tongue slowly circled her anus and she flinched at the contact. He then pushed his tongue as far as he could into her asshole and he continued to ass fuck her with his tongue. Her desire grew as he worked her ass to the point that she really wanted his tongue deeper in her ass.
