 LIFE AFTER GRADUATION

Marilyn and her close friends and classmates received their high school diploma. Most of them were headed for college and others for the workplace. Marilyn however had decided to pursue a career in the porn industry. As she left the school campus and made her way to the studio she recalled the offer from James the owner. 

"I have a very successful business. You girls would make great Adult film actresses. You're starting salary with me would be $50,000 and with your talents, I could see you making a $100,000 a year in a few years."

"Think about it. Many college graduates never make a $100,000 a year. Most of them are paying off student loans for ten years after they graduate. You could make a lot of money and still go to school part time."

"What about when I get older and I'm not wanted as actress any longer?" she had asked in response to the offer.

"That doesn't have to happen. I have a number of attractive women who make mature and MILF videos. Many of them work into their early forties. Other actors and actresses have assumed administrative jobs. You both already had sex with porn stars. George, Thomas and Arthur work for me as actors."

That had been over a month ago when she and Donna hooked up with James and his actors. Now with no real direction in life she decided to give the porn world a try. She loved having sex and the money was very appealing. James was thrilled that she had accepted and he was starting her off at $50,000 a year. He had put her up in a hotel until she could find a suitable place to live. As it turned out she ended up sharing a place with another female in the industry.

Marilyn had arrived at the studio for her first day of shooting. She was introduced to the staff and the other actors and actresses that she would be working with on the film. James then reviewed the screen play with everyone and described each scene. Marilyn was to play a school whose grades were slipping who needed some extra help. That help would be provided by tutors. The first scene would be her with two male tutors both familiar to her as she had already fucked Thomas and Arthur.

The scene began with Marilyn dressed in a school girl uniform ringing the doorbell to an apartment. She thought about the session ahead of her and as she did she felt her pussy tingle. She rang the doorbell and patiently waited for Thomas to answer the door. When he opened the door he smiled at Marilyn and invited her in. She walked into the apartment and then she spotted Arthur seated in the living room. Arthur also smiled at the pretty student and lowered his eyes to her shapely thighs visible between her short uniform skirt and white knee high socks.

"I asked Arthur to join us this evening. That was we can cover two lessons at the same time," Thomas whispered in her ear as he stepped up behind her and held Marilyn by her arms.

She just nodded and let herself be led over to the living room sofa. She was made to kneel on the sofa facing the rear of it and she placed her hands on the back for balance. Thomas and Arthur sat on either side of her and stroked her luscious thighs. She trembled at their touch but she liked the way their hands felt on her sensitive skin. Thomas placed his hand in the small of her back and pressed forward signaling her to lean forward. She placed her elbows on the back of the sofa and arched her back as she leaned over.

Thomas and Arthur each took a hold of the short uniform skirt and lifted up and placed in on her back. Her panty covered bottom was now on display to them. Thomas and Arthur rubbed their hands over the panty covered bottom and gently squeezed the curvy flesh through the cotton material. They continued their fondling of her ass and thighs for several minutes and her panties were drenched from her excitement. Thomas and Arthur then slowly pulled the panties down uncovering her gorgeous ass.

"Christ, what a fucking gorgeous ass," one of the staff whispered.

There were other whispered comments also as it was the first time the staff members saw Marilyn's incredible ass. The producer turned to James and commented. "James, you struck gold. With that ass this movie is going to be in high demand and she is going to be a star immediately."

"I know. She'll being earning a 100k a year in not time."

Both actors had raging erections in their pants but they were directed to take their time with their young treasure. Marilyn's panties were pulled down to halfway between her buttocks and her knees. Thomas and Arthur both stroked the lovely derriere before them and Marilyn arched her back even more to accentuate the shape of her lovely bottom. The two actors took turns running their hands between her buttocks and cupping just one buttock in his hand. Next Thomas kneeled behind Marilyn and she felt a tongue tickle her tailbone. She moaned as the familiar tingling sensation returned.

Thomas held both of his student's buttocks in both his hands and pulled them apart exposing her nether hole. Marilyn cried out and wiggled her ass when she felt Thomas's tongue touch her there. Thomas licked around her anus and probed it with his tongue driving her wild. Thomas then held her butt cheeks open so that Arthur could lick and probe her anus. She was close to an orgasm just from the anal stimulation. She loved the attention that they were paying to her sensitive ass.

Thomas then left her momentarily to get some lubricant and then he returned. He applied the lubricant to her anus and then slid on finger into her bottom. Thomas gently finger fucked her ass and then he a finger from the same hand in her pussy. Thomas then fingered Marilyn's pussy and ass at the same time. After several minutes of fingering both of her holes Thomas pulled the panties down to her knees. Then he stood up and dropped his pants and underwear freeing his stiff cock.

After applying some lube to his cock, Thomas eased his thick shaft into her bottom with one smooth steady motion. Marilyn groaned with pleasure as the impressive stiff cock eased into her rectum. He remained still for a few seconds and let her adjust to the anal intrusion before he began to fuck her slowly. She felt her wetness running down the inside of her thighs and she realized that she had already orgasmed once. Thomas caressed her lovely ass as he fucked her ever so slowly, seemingly savoring every second that his cock was in her curvy bottom.

Marilyn had both arms on the back on the sofa holding on as she kept her ass in the perfect position for Thomas. She then noticed Arthur move around to the back of the sofa with his pants and underwear down around his knees. His big stiff cock was ready for her mouth. She took the uncut cock into her mouth and sucked on it lovingly. Following the producer instructions, she probed the foreskin with her tongue and tickled the pee slit with the tip of her tongue. She now had two cocks in her at the same time and she loved it. She didn't even think about the movie as she enjoyed the sexual pleasure. 

Thomas continued to fuck her ass slowly as she sucked on Arthur's member. Both actors were so turned on that they could not last any longer and they both ejaculated together. Thomas pulled out and ejaculated all over her lovely ass. At the same time Arthur sprayed her face with his seed. After their release they both put their cocks back in her ass and mouth. She sucked Arthur's cock dry and milked Thomas's cock of all his seed. The two actors then returned to sit on either side of Marilyn who was still bent over the sofa. Marilyn felt the warm semen ooze over her anus and run down the inside of her thighs only to catch in her panties still around her knees.

"Cut, that's a keeper. It was fucking beautiful, amazing," yelled the producer.

The three actors took a break and Marilyn then realized she had done her first porn scene. It would be the first of many. While they rested the next scene was reviewed with them and after several minutes they were back at it. The next scene moved to the bedroom. Thomas and Arthur removed Marilyn's panties this time but left her clothed in her uniform. The guys stripped and within minutes the three of them were in the bed. Thomas and Arthur had rock hard erections and they were ready for more action. Arthur greased up his cock and he was ready to fuck Marilyn in the ass. 

As she was instructed, Marilyn straddled Thomas's body and took his cock in her small hand. She guided the cock into her pussy as she slowly lowered her body to his. She felt him enter her and fill her cunt with his big dick. She groaned softly as he fully penetrated her. She leaned forward as he pulled her body to him crushing her against his chest. He pulled the uniform skirt up baring her bottom to Arthur.

As she lay there now with Thomas's cock deep inside her and Arthur's finger starting to enter her ass, she awaited the double penetration. She felt the finger slowly push further and further up her ass as little by little Arthur eased it inside until it was completely in her. 

Marilyn felt the finger slowly withdraw from her ass and she suddenly felt empty as it plopped out. The empty feeling did not last for long though as she felt some more lubricant being applied to her anus. She tensed briefly as she felt the head of the cock touch her ass and then she felt his fingers probing her rubbery ring again just before the head of his stiff cock pushed against the entrance. He did not rush to enter her with the risk of pain, he just kept a firm pressure pushing against her anus, waited for her to relax and take him inside. 

She sighed and leaned against Thomas's chest, enjoying the feeling of his massive cock that was still deep inside her wet cunt. She could feel herself start to relax and the natural reaction of clenching her sphincter took over. She felt the head of the second stiff cock start to enter her. At first it felt way too big to fit but she knew better. Arthur remained perfectly still as she became accustomed to having her bottom invaded this way once again. In a very short time she started to enjoy the feeling of having a second cock in her, even if it was just the head at the moment. She felt Arthur run his hands over her back and then move down each side to her tits. She lifted herself up a little from Thomas to allow Arthur to touch her. She swooned with sensations that were starting to flood her body. As she arched her back and Arthur cupped her shapely bottom in his hands as she felt his cock move a little further into her ass. 

Thomas's cock was still deep in her cunt and not moving as the other one slowly but surely started to fill her nether hole. She felt breath on her face and breath on her neck as they both filled her. She felt another orgasm start to build and both men kept still as she began to move. She started moving her hips back and forth a tiny amount, pushing herself back onto the two cocks, and feeling them both inside her. As she continued these movements she pushed a little further back each time until her ass was completely full. She started to ride them back and forth fucking them both at the same time. 

The wonderful feelings between her legs were intense as she started to force herself down onto both cocks, hungrily trying to get them as deep as she could. The actors felt her urgency and started to match her thrusts. As she thrust back they started to thrust forward, stretching her as they filled both holes. Marilyn started to moan loudly again as she felt a powerful orgasm start to take over her body. Arthur started to roughly squeeze and pull her buttocks as his cock filled her ass. She felt both men start to tense as the first powerful wave of pleasure from this new orgasm swept through her ravaged body. She screamed loudly, almost out of control, wildly fucking both cocks. 

Arthur pulled out of her ass and sprayed his seed all over her buttocks and seconds later Thomas pulled out of her pussy and shot his load onto her vulva. When they parted a still clothed Marilyn rolled over and lay on her back as Arthur and Thomas knelt on either side of her face. She took turns sucking the two cocks gobbling up the remaining semen. 

The producer called out, "Cut that's a wrap for today. Marilyn doll you were fantastic. Everyone back her at eight tomorrow morning. We will resume filming then."

"Come with me dear, we'll get you cleaned up before we head to my place," another actress named Mercedes said with a slight European accent.

Marilyn liked the older actress and she was glad that she had been invited to stay at her place. Mercedes was 28 years old and had been starring in porn films for 8 years. She had a slender but shapely figure of 34-26-34. Her hair was blonde and down to her shoulders and she was about 5'5" tall and 110 pounds. When she got excited her pussy would puff up and look like another appendage. That was one of the reasons she was a fan favorite particularly when she was being butt fucked. Marilyn showered, dressed and rode home with Mercedes. The two beauties would learn a lot more about each other over the coming weeks. 

HER FIRST LESBIAN PORN SCENE

Before she left with Mercedes, James told her they would be doing a lesbian scene first thing and he gave her the script to read over before morning. That evening was a pleasant one with Mercedes as they got acquainted and had a nice dinner. She did even think about sex and Mercedes didn't press it there first night together. Marilyn read through the script and she understood that she was a school girl to be seduced by her teacher.

The next day she reported in and the girls from makeup and wardrobe got her ready. The first scene was in a school classroom setting. Marilyn's uniform skirt was about 10" above the knees. She had pretty legs and creamy thighs and she looked very tantalizing with her legs exposed above her knee high socks. James loved the look of her dressed in the school uniform. The scene began with Marilyn walking in the classroom. The teacher's name was Veronica Meyers.

"Hello Marilyn how can I help you?" Veronica asked her looking at the exposed thighs.

"I'm having a little trouble with Math and I was wondering what I could do to raise my grade?"

"Would you like to schedule some time for extra help?" 

"That would be wonderful, Miss Meyers."

Marilyn moved dangerously close to the teacher. Veronica leaned back in her chair and rested her arms on the arms of the chair. As directed, Marilyn moved closer purposely and let her bare thigh brush up against the teacher's arm. Marilyn did not move her leg and Veronica began to brush her arm against the bare thigh. Marilyn's panties were getting wet.

"When would like to schedule a session together?"

"Could we do it today? I don't have any other plans today," Marilyn asked as she fidgeted with her skirt.

The teacher watched as her student accidentally lifted her skirt too high and exposed her white cotton panties. Veronica found her hand move toward the student as if it had a mind of its own. She brushed the back of her hand against the bare thigh emitting a gasp from her. Marilyn did not move away so Veronica then began caressing the young girl's thigh and let her hand trail up toward the panty covered pussy. Marilyn held her breath as her teacher's hand neared her pussy and then gasped aloud when it brushed over her panties.

The hand was trembling as it passed over the panty covered pussy. The teacher then realized that the panties were soaked due to the girl's excitement. She held Marilyn's skirt up with one hand as she moved the panty to side with her other hand. She looked at the bare young pussy in front of her and caressed it tenderly. Marilyn was now trembling as the caresses continued and she came on the spot when Veronica inserted a finger into her pussy. The teacher finger fucked her student slowly and then removed her finger to lick it clean. She looked up at Marilyn and saw that the student had her eyes closed.

"Would like to continue our discussion at my apartment today?"

"Oh yes, please."

"Good I will give you directions."

"Cut," yelled the director, "I loved it. Okay now switch to the apartment scene."

Within minutes of entering the apartment, Veronica and Marilyn were kissing each other as they knelt on the bed both still fully clothed. Veronica unbuttoned Marilyn's blouse and unhooked the bra. She pushed the bra up over the pert tits and lowered her mouth to Marilyn's breasts and told her how beautiful her tits were and how delicious her nipples tasted. Veronica than began her tortuous journey down the young girl's body using her mouth to taste and caress every inch of her skin.

Marilyn was then told to unbutton Veronica's blouse and unhook her bra. She pushed the bra up just as Veronica had done to her and then the two of them kissed again and let their breasts pressing against the others. Veronica then reached under the plaid skirt and pulled Marilyn's panties down to her knees just above the white knee high socks. She then leaned over and kissed the sweet tits as she played with the young pussy. Marilyn cried out as her teacher's finger wormed its way into her pussy.

Marilyn was directed to do the same to her. She lifted her teacher's tight skirt to her waist and then pulled the silk panties down her thighs to her knees below the tops of the thigh high hose. They kissed again with their breasts crushed together as they fingered each other's pussy. They were both still fully clothed and they created the erotic scene that James had wanted to create. They ran their hands over each other's buttocks as Marilyn followed Veronica's lead. Their pussies were dripping wet as the teacher and student carried out their erotic love making. James decided that it was time to take it to the next step. 

As directed, Veronica stripped the student of her school uniform and the naked Marilyn stripped the teacher of all her clothes. They lay back down on the bed and their bodies came together. Marilyn's breathing became shallow and her moans became loudly audible. She began touching Veronica's body now and she marveled in their mutual beauty. Veronica began to purr in ecstasy. Marilyn became increasingly aware that it was not going to take much more to make her cum. She felt Veronica's fingers stroke her wet mound locating her puffy pussy and then trying to find their way inside her. She moved her legs further apart trying to help and soon the teacher was fingering her with soft, slow, tender probes.

Marilyn couldn't take it any longer, she gently pushed the teacher's head down and Veronica nestled between her legs. She used her hands to slowly open Marilyn's legs and placed the thighs on her shoulders. With one finger she traced the soft outer lips of the swollen pussy and applied gentle pressure spreading them open even further. Marilyn felt the familiar butterflies in her stomach as she gazed upon the sight of her moist lips inviting the invasion. She put more fingers inside Marilyn and caressed her inner walls while the thumb positioned itself on the tip of the swelling clit and lightly tickled it back and forth.

Veronica moved herself slowly up Marilyn's body as she continued to finger fuck her student's pussy. She kissed and licked her way to the succulent tits. She took turns holding each nipple between her soft lips sucking and flicking at the hard nipples. Marilyn in turn reached for Veronica's breasts and felt her hard nipples across her palms as she stroked them. She pinched and rolled the teacher's nipples between her fingers while Veronica tongued her breasts. Veronica whispered to Marilyn that she had to have her and then kissed her passionately. They moaned into each other's mouth as their fingers and thumbs tickled their swollen clits. Marilyn could feel the wetness of Veronica's pussy saturating her thigh.
