 Mark and I have known each other for years, having roomed together in college and staying in touch throughout the intervening years. In the time that I have known him, Mark has dated a variety of women. Four years ago he began seeing Shauna and, after a year or two they married. Shauna is an amazing woman, easy to talk to and always quick with a joke. At just under five feet in height, Shauna packs a lot into a small package. With long wavy long hair, beautiful big brown eyes, pouty lips on a curvy body, Shauna has long been my private fantasy. She has a gorgeous ass and 34DD breasts (that look even bigger on her small frame) that take my breath away. I have spent many a weekend at their place; enjoying barbecue, beer, and swimming in their in-ground pool...though the best part of these visits have always been watching Shauna saunter around in her swimsuits. Whether a one-piece or two-piece, I have always enjoyed the show. Though attracted to Shauna, Mark and I are great friends and I have never been tempted beyond my viewing privileges and the occasional daydream.

Out for drinks one night after work, Mark and I really drank. After hours of drinking, eating and talking about random topics, Mark began to speak about his sex life. Having spoken about this many times before, I thought that I knew what to expect. After a few minutes of the standard topic Mark confided that he was at a loss. A few months ago, he and Shauna had shared some their secret sexual fantasies with each other, fantasies that neither had previously shared with one another. Shauna had quickly acquiesced to Mark's secret fantasy. He was to learn that his "dark" fantasy was quite vanilla compared to Shauna's and with her having helped him out with his, and she wanted to collect on her own.

Completely intrigued, I urged Mark on. He finally divulged that Shauna wanted to fuck him with a strap-on. This had long been a fantasy of hers, one that she had never been able to consummate. Shocked and repelled, Mark had put her off for months and Shauna was now becoming irate, holding back sex until he held up his end of the bargain. I was astounded to hear this about Shauna, especially since it was my fantasy to be fucked by a woman wearing a strap-on! Mark went back and forth with the topic, complaining and scheming about how to get out of it. At one point I told him that I thought that he was lucky and that I had long been looking for such a woman. Mark almost fell off his chair, before laughing when he realized that I was joking. I wasn't, and told him as much. Freaked out, Mark asked me if I was crazy, to which I brought him back to our college days and a girl we had both dated. She had introduced me to anal beads and prostate massage, two of the most orgasmic experiences of my life. Mark remembered freaking out on her when she had tried to finger his asshole...and then began to ask more questions about how it felt. I told him in detail about how much I enjoyed it and he sat back and just stared. He then laughed and told me that I was out of my mind. What I did not tell him was that I had already taken a strap-on, from the live-in girlfriend of a girl that I had been seeing!

After a few more beer, I asked him if Shauna would ever consider fucking another man in Mark's place. I offered myself up in his place, saying that she still could have her fantasy without Mark having to go through with it himself. A few more rounds of talk and Mark told me to forget about it and we left the bar, taking separate cabs to our respective homes.

A few weeks later I received a call from Mark and we met that night for a beer. After a moment of settling in Mark came right out and told me that he had spoken with Shauna about her fucking another man instead of Mark, about a surrogate. At first she was against it, not wanting to fuck a stranger. They went back and forth on the topic for two weeks before Mark had told her that I would be interested. Mark said that Shauna's eyes had lit up in surprise, but then she had told him that she would be comfortable with someone she knew but had never thought to find someone. Mark asked me what I would want in exchange and, though I would have done it for free, I told him that I would love to fuck Shauna and that DP was always enjoyable. Mark was into it, having already fucked Shauna every which way as a couple, but never with another person. We made plans to get together at his place for the next long weekend and then he went home that night to talk it over with Shauna.

The Wednesday before the long weekend I left work to find Shauna leaning against my car. An unexpected surprise, I was not sure what to make of it. Shauna asked if we could go out for a coffee and we walked to a little shop in the neighborhood. As we walked I took in her form-fitting skirt and silky blouse that had more cleavage showing than usual. After arriving at the coffee shop and being served Shauna asked me if I was truly interested in going through with the weekend. I quickly told her that it had always been a fantasy and that if I was going to do it, I wanted it to be with someone that I knew, could trust and was attracted to. She blushed a little at that last part and asked me if I was serious. I laughed and told her not to joke, that she was gorgeous and that, since she and Mark were together, I would love to find her twin or even clone her. Laughing we began to talk about her fantasy, how creeped out Mark had been when she had told him, and whether she thought their relationship could handle it.

As we spoke I could feel an intimacy with Shauna and my eyes kept roaming back and forth between her eyes, her lips, her neck and her cleavage. Between the view and the topic, I had a raging hard-on, and had to adjust myself to keep it discreet. When we were done talking Shauna told me that she had to get home. I walked her to her car. Before getting in she gave me a hug, squeezing me tight. There was no way to hide my hard-on and as she pulled away she smiled and laughed as she told me that she could see that I was ready and reached out to give me a discreet squeeze. I so wanted to take her right there, but laughed it off and told her that I could not wait for the weekend. As she drove away I walked back to my car, looking forward to a night of great dreams.