 I want to preface the next story by offering an explanation and an apology.

I've asked for comments and criticisms, as long as they were constructive. I've gone back and looked again at some of the comments I've received, and based on what I read, I owe some of my readers an apology. An innocent (albeit poor) choice of words in an earlier story has offended and/or put some people off. I want to state my intent, and explain my error.

Over the years, I've always used "cuckold" and "voyeur" interchangeably; I thought they essentially had the same meaning. But after reading some of the comments, I did some research and discovered I was wrong.

Dictionary.com defined voyeurism as "the practice of obtaining sexual gratification by looking at sexual objects or acts"; it defines cuckold as "the husband of an unfaithful wife".

A voyeur gets sexually excited watching people have sex; that's what I am (which makes parts of these stories very easy to write), and that's what the husband in these stories is. I've learned in more research that "cuckold" is often used with terms like cheating, betrayal, humiliation, etc. That is definitely NOT the message I intended to get across to the readers; our couple in these stories is madly in love with each other, and they can't wait to experience together this whole new world they've been introduced to.

The husband very much wants to see his wife have sex with someone else because the idea turns him on so much, not because he wants to be humiliated or punished. He knows his wife will enjoy the sexual encounter because the sex feels good, not because it belittles or humiliates him. And his wife will enjoy getting off on the sex not only because of what she's doing with someone else, but also because she knows how turned on her husband will get watching her do it with someone else.

So for anyone offended or put off by the husband's comment that he has cuckold fantasies he'd like to live out, I offer my most sincere apology for my unfortunate choice of words. His fantasies are voyeur fantasies, not cuckold fantasies.

Now on the good stuff.

This is the next chapter in our couple's sexual awakening. They both very much like their newfound sexual energy and sense of adventure, and are eager to explore the next step.

They enjoyed some intense sex after they met Mark and Melanie in the first story (Mark and Melanie: The Meeting), and continued to play with each other as they talk about whether to meet them, and what happens if they do (Mark and Melanie: The Discussion).

In this chapter (part 1), they visit Mark and Melanie, and have a most incredible evening.

= = = = = = = = = = =

We woke up Sunday morning, still naked, still snuggling, still horny. We headed for the shower; one of the things we liked most about the house when we bought it is the large, two-nozzle shower stall. It's easily big enough for two people to shower together, since there are shower heads on opposite walls. 

She started soaping me up, doing an incredible job of turning me on even more. By the time she got to my crotch, "Big Ed" was standing straight up. She turned me around so I was facing the wall and moved in close behind me; she reached around me and grabbed my cock, and started jerking me off. I leaned forward and placed my hands on the wall for support. With her other hand, she slid a soapy finger between my butt cheeks, and massaged my asshole. It didn't take long for me to come.

I turned around, put my hand on the back of her head, pulled her to me, kissed her hard, and said "your turn". I took my time washing her off; still being turned on from last night, her skin was still sensitive, and I could still really turn her on just by touching her. I washed her, stroking and lightly scratching as I went, drawing this out as long as she could stand it.

When I got to her breasts, I got into tease mode. When I pinched her nipples, they slipped out from between my fingers since the soap made them slippery. Every time I squeezed her nipples and they squirted out, she let out a little gasp. I let the water rinse them, then soaped up my hand and reached for down below.

By this time, she was flushed with excitement. I took my time washing her pussy, teasing her, trying to keep her at that level of excitement, since she knew I would ultimately make it worth her while. Once I rinsed her off, I reached over and grabbed what she was practically begging me with her eyes to pick up.

We have two Pocket Rockets. One of them is in the bedroom; it has been her vibrator of choice since before we met. We've tried others, but nothing gives her orgasms quite like it does. She uses it on herself-sometimes when she's alone, sometimes while I watch. I'll use it on her and get her off as many times as she's in the mood for. And we'll use it in various intercourse positions, so she can use it on herself while I'm sliding in and out of her.

The second Pocket Rocket is wrapped and tied in a non-lubricated condom and stays in the shower. There may be other women who can have an orgasm while standing up, but Donna is the only one I've ever been with who could do it. After we moved in, we installed handles in the shower, for the sole purpose of giving her something to hold onto when I do what I'm about to do.

She grabbed the handles, spread her feet apart, and closed her eyes. I turned the vibrator on, and zapped her nipples a few times, causing her to flinch. Still in full tease mode, I touched it against her clit, then pulled away, forcing a slight whimper from her. I did this a few more times, pressing the vibrator against her clit for a few seconds and removing it, knowing I was driving her crazy. 

I figured I'd been playing long enough; it was time to get serious, so I told her "No more teasing" and pressed the vibrator against her and held it there. It maybe took 30 seconds for Donna to have a thundering climax; I've said before that love watching her when she comes, and in this position, I got to see her entire body experience the orgasm. It's just about as sexy as it gets.

After we'd gotten dried off, I cooked breakfast. After we ate and did the dishes, we read the paper. It was the perfect, laid back Sunday morning after some incredible sex both the night before and earlier this morning. I don't think I could have felt much better about my life than I did at that moment.

Later in the day, I texted Mark and asked him to give me a call at his convenience, so we could talk about getting together with them. When he called, the first thing he said was "Thank you, and you're welcome." I had to laugh, telling him that's the first thing I'd planned to say to him. 

I told him that we definitely want to see them; he asked us to come over the following Friday night for a cookout. They must have been ready for our call, since he immediately extended the invite. I asked Donna if we had anything going; she shook her head no, so I told him we'd love to come over. He gave me the address, and I told him I'd get directions from the internet. He told us what we could bring, then added this: "We have a hot tub, and we have more than enough privacy around it to keep prying eyes away. You don't have to bring swimsuits; you won't need them."

I felt a stirring in my groin at the thought of Donna and me being naked in the hot tub with them. I shifted myself so I had room to grow, and Donna noticed. She looked at me and raised her eyebrows; I asked Mark to say hi to Melanie from us, and told him we'd see them Friday night.

I hung up, and Donna said "Care to explain your boner?" I told her about the hot tub, and she said "Okay, I understand your reaction. God, that sounds like fun. I assume we won't be taking our swimsuits, correct?"

"Correct." She smiled, and I could see her also visualizing the two of us being naked in their hot tub with them.

We had a great sex life before Carrie came into our lives. But neither of us knew that we had barely scratched the surface of how much we could enjoy sex; we had no idea just how much was out there, waiting for us to experience it.

Sometimes we'd make love, sometimes we'd fuck each other. And we did one or the other a lot. But since the Tuesday night we met Carrie, we just haven't been able to keep our hands (or mouths, or toys) off of each other. Something inside both of us that had been lying dormant for our entire lives was now awake-and hungry. Neither of us could get enough of each other, or enough of trying to satisfy urges and desires neither of us knew we could feel.

Friday finally rolled around, and we gathered up our stuff and headed to their house. After letting us in and taking the food and drinks we brought, they gave us a quick tour of the house, including the patio, which is where the grill and the hot tub were located. 

Mark caught me looking at the hot tub, and the surrounding privacy fence. The hot tub was recessed and built into the patio, rather than being a free-standing unit; this proved to be beneficial a couple hours later. Even though they lived in a neighborhood, the yards are quite large; between that and the privacy fence, you couldn't see any surrounding house from their patio. He must have been watching me size up the environment; he asked if I was comfortable with what I saw. I told him I was, and I told him that I thought Donna would also be okay with it.

He and I stayed outside and talked and watched the grill, while Donna and Melanie tended to the kitchen, taking care of things like putting the salads together, setting the table, etc. My initial impression of him was correct; I liked him a lot. He was even more easygoing than I originally thought, based on conversations we had at Carrie's the previous Saturday evening. Of course, he and I didn't get all that much time to talk to each other since we were both busy doing what we could to get each other's wives as hot and wet as we could. 

When I thought about it, I had to admit to myself that my standing on his patio with him in this situation was a bit weird; in the short time I'd known him, I already knew I could call Mark a good friend, even though if things went the way I hoped they would, I'd be screwing his wife later in the evening. While he'd be screwing my wife. In the same room.

Told you it was weird.

We all sat on their patio for a while after dinner, talking about nothing in particular, still getting to know each other. It was a beautiful night, and while I can't speak for Donna, I was very emotionally comfortable with our hosts. 

After a few minutes, and without saying anything, Melanie got up and walked to where we all could see her. She started to take her clothes off, slowly, while facing the three of us. She wasn't shy, and seemed proud to show off that body. And my God, what a body. She was even more beautiful and more sexy than I imagined she would be. Flat tummy, toned everything. Her tits looked real, and were the perfect size, at least perfect for me. Her nipples were small, dark, and erect. I was right about her being athletic; she also obviously worked out to keep looking like she did, and it showed. 

She turned around and showed herself off for us; when I saw her legs and got a look at that magnificent ass, I knew Kevin Bacon was right. She was also a natural blond (either that, or she dyed the cuffs to match the collar), and her bush was neatly trimmed into a small "soul patch". Almost couldn't see it, unless you were looking. Which I was.

It was Donna who broke my trance by asking "You like what you see, I take it?" It was starting to get dark but it was still light enough for everyone to see how much I was blushing. Mark and Melanie both laughed. I felt like the kid who got caught with his hand in the cookie jar; I was afraid I had just ruined the evening. 

Donna also laughed, then leaned over and kissed me pretty passionately. Talking very quietly, she said to me "Just having fun with you, sweetheart. Since you're gonna get to fuck her tonight, I can't very well complain if you stare at her, can I?" She pulled back with a smile on her face and a gleam in her eyes; when she told me I was going to fuck Melanie, she was also telling me she was gonna fuck Mark. Seeing Melanie naked and with what Donna just told me, my cock was straining to get out of my pants.

I knew how turned on Donna was when she stood up, walked to where Melanie was standing, and turned to face Mark and me. She duplicated what Melanie had done, slowly and seductively removing her clothes, then doing the same pirouette that Melanie did. Once Donna was nude, Melanie walked back to Mark-who was leering at Donna like I was at Melanie-and leaned down and kissed him, looked at me and winked, and asked "Like what you see, Mark?" They all laughed, and I had to laugh with them, as relieved that I hadn't screwed this up.

He answered by standing up and taking his clothes off. The wives watched Mark as he gave them a striptease performance, finally clapping as he removed his shorts. 

I found myself staring at him as well. He pretty much looked like I imagined he'd look sans clothes. Extremely fit, in great shape. And while I'm a pretty confident guy, I was a bit relieved to see that his cock was the same size as mine. I admit that I had this slight fear that he'd be bigger than I am, that he'd be able to give Donna more physical pleasure during intercourse because he's bigger, and that it wouldn't be quite as good for her when I'm inside her after she'd experienced a bigger dick. That may or may not be an irrational fear, but it's one I'd bet a lot of men have, and it's one I'll admit to having.

And yeah, I knew that if we continued this sexual exploration, eventually she'd be with a guy who is longer, or thicker, or both longer and thicker than I am. I figured I'd cross that bridge when I came to it.

Anyway, the three of them stood there, looking at me expectantly. I stood up and removed my clothes. I turned my back to them, dropped my shorts, threw a quick look over my shoulder, turned around to show them my erection, and yelled "Ta da!" I got laughter and applause from all three of them, and any embarrassment I felt was gone. We all headed for their hot tub.

Their hot tub was round, and was a comfortable fit for four people; we were sitting close enough to each other to make it intimate, but not sitting on top of each other...yet. Mark was across from me, Donna was on my right, and Melanie was on my left. After a couple minutes just enjoying the warmth of the water and the incredible sensuality of the moment, I felt a hand on my left thigh, and a hand on my right thigh. I was still flying at full staff under the water, but the sensation was so incredible, I think I got a little harder than I already was. Mark smiled, and I knew he was getting the same touch I was. I found myself wondering if he was also sporting a boner.

Feeling rather bold-and very, very turned on-I reached to my left and grabbed Melanie's right breast, and then grabbed Donna's left with my other hand. Never had tits from two different women in hand at the same time before; the difference was quite a turn on. I saw Mark do the same thing I did, grabbing his wife in one hand, and my wife in the other. 

Still rock solid, I then felt Melanie grab my cock as she slid over next to me. Donna pulled away from me and scooted over next to Mark, and when I realized that she was probably holding Mark's dick, I got light headed from the rush of hormones. I saw Mark turn Donna's face to him and kiss her; when she put her hand on the back of his head and pull him closer, I also saw him start massaging Donna's tits. 

But then my view of them was blocked when Melanie threw her leg over me, facing me and pinning my erection between us. She wrapped her arms around my neck, and kissed me long and hard. She wasn't necessarily a better kisser than Donna, but knowing I was sexually kissing someone other than my wife made it seem like it. I reached around and grabbed her ass, grinding my hardon between us as we kissed.

I pulled away from the kissing and asked "Would your husband mind if I sat you on the side of the hot tub and ate you for dessert?" 

She grinned and said "I thought you'd never ask. He'd love to see your face between my thighs almost as much as I'd like to see it." She stood up and put down a towel to lay on, turned and faced me, then sat on the edge of the hot tub and laid back parting her legs. Forgetting anyone else was there, I moved between her thighs, and started licking my way all around her outer lips, occasionally, flicking my tongue across her clit, eliciting little moans from her. 

I inserted a finger, and moved it in and out and around a few times. She reached down and pulled her lips apart; I left the finger inside, and closed my lips around her clit. I inserted a second finger, and almost by accident found what I assume is her G spot. I've never been able find Donna's, so Melanie's reaction caught me by surprise. But I knew I'd struck gold.

I licked circles around her clit with my tongue, or I sucked it in and out of my mouth hoping to stimulate the clitoral shaft, or I flicked my tongue back and forth or up and down across it, all the while continuing to stroke that ultra sensitive spot at the front of her vagina. I had a free hand, and I knew what I wanted to do with it. I put one finger inside her pussy to lubricate it, pulled it out, and slowly inserted it into her ass. With everything else I was doing, a few strokes in and out of her backside was all it took to push her over the edge; she grabbed my head to hold me right where I was, locking my face against her pussy as she came hard. 

Honestly, as into Melanie (literally and figuratively) as I was at that moment, I suddenly realized that her husband and my wife just watched me eat her to an orgasm. Melanie slid back down in the hot tub to my immediate left and kissed me, and I heard Donna whisper "That was incredible." 

Melanie said "Yeah, it was. Carrie was right; he ain't half bad. And that was worth the wait."

Mark suggested that we go inside and take showers, and resume this in their bedroom. I could tell by the position of her body against Mark and her arm movement that Donna was slowly jerking Mark off. He disengaged himself and stood up, but before he could get out, Donna grabbed his hard cock, and pushed him down until he was seated on the edge of the hot tub next to Melanie, who was holding my cock in her hand again.

Donna looked at me, winked, and lowered her mouth onto Mark's dick. She pressed slowly down until he was at the back of her throat, and her lips were around the base of his dick. He let out an "oooh", and I could tell by the look on his face that this was a treat for him. I had another flood of sex hormones, partly from seeing what I was seeing, and partly because I've been on the receiving end of that particular trick many times and knew how damn good Donna's oral skills were. 

Melanie knew my arousal level just went up a notch as I watched Donna's head go slowly up and down, seeing Mark's erection disappear between her lips on every down stroke. "I like watching your wife suck my husband, and I can tell you like it, too. She's really good. I can see how much he's enjoying it. Huge turn on, isn't it?" All I could do is mumble something in the affirmative.

Donna and I made eye contact, and I didn't have to say a word. She knew how much she was turning me on, knowing I was watching as she went down on Mark. Since she was looking at me, she saw also Melanie move behind her. Melanie said "You like that, you're gonna love this." 

She was right. 

She pressed her tits against Donna's back, kissed her neck a few times, and reached both hands around her, one hand going high, and one going low. The hand going high cupped one of Donna's breasts, and hand going low went underwater to her pussy. Donna's face changed ever so slightly, and she moaned around Mark's dick; I could tell that Melanie had just touched Donna exactly where and how she wanted to be touched, and that Donna was enjoying Melanie touching her. She knew it was Melanie playing with her, and she went with it; she didn't show one second of hesitation. Her response to Melanie's actions told me that this was going to be another night neither of us would ever forget.
