 This is part 2 of the next chapter in the lives of our couple. They met Mark and Melanie previously, immediately hit it off with them, and the husbands spent part of an evening getting doing their best to get the other guy's wives as horny as possible; both succeeded, and both had some incredible sex after they got home.

In the first part of this chapter (Mark and Melanie: The Party Pt.1) our couple visits them, taking great advantage of an "in-ground" hot tub to get a wild night of sexual adventures started. This is the conclusion of their evening.

In this installment, both our husband and wife get double teamed by Mark and Melanie, with each of them the focal point of the sex. There is some man-to-man sexual action and man-to-man emotional intimacy in this story; if these aren't your cup of tea, please consider not reading any farther.

Author's note: Due to a number of personal and professional commitments I have coming up, our couple will be on an "extended vacation"; this will be my last story for several weeks. I know where they go next, but I won't have time to take them there for a while.

Thanks for letting me share their sexual journey with you; it's been a blast up to this point, and I look forward to continuing the trek. Hopefully everyone will find enough in this installment to turn them on and to keep them interested while I'm on hiatus for a while.

Here are the other 6 entries in this couple's story, leading up to this one:

First Threesome Ch. 01: The Approach

First Threesome Ch. 02: The Decision

First Threesome Ch. 03: The Encounter

Mark And Melanie: The Discussion

Mark and Melanie: The Meeting

Mark and Melanie: The Party Pt. 01

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

I saw Mark sitting between Donna's legs, gently stroking her pussy, and she was reveling in the sensation. Melanie was sitting beside me, fondling my still very erect penis. Mark changed positions, going to his stomach, and propped himself up on his elbows, with his face near enough to Donna's pussy that she must have been able to feel his breath. I just couldn't stop myself from saying "Well, looks like you're about to find out." 

Melanie chuckled, and said "What? If he's as good with his mouth as she thinks?" I nodded. "He is, and she's in for a treat."

Donna spread her legs farther apart when Mark used his thumbs and forefingers to open her up. As his mouth closed on her pussy, she moaned. After a few minutes, she opened her eyes, but I could tell she wasn't really seeing anything; she was completely lost in the sensations from whatever he was doing to her. She closed her eyes again, and soon I saw her stomach muscles start to tighten; I knew she was on the verge of a very intense orgasm. 

She screamed "Oh. My. GOD!" and came. Hard.

When her climax hit her, she bucked wildly; I had to give Mark credit for staying with her, as he kept his mouth locked onto her pussy throughout her orgasm. After giving her a short time to catch her breath, he resumed whatever it was he was doing; in almost no time, he had her coming again. 

At this point, Melanie told me it was finally time for me to join the other three in having come at least once; she must have known that thanks to her husband's very talented mouth, that wouldn't be Donna's last orgasm, and I think she wanted to time it so Donna and I got off together. 

I loved the warmth and friction of Melanie's mouth around my achingly erect cock. As Melanie worked me towards my orgasm, I felt Donna squeeze my hand hard as Mark got her off a third time. I couldn't begin describe the thrill of holding her hand while I watched someone else give her an orgasm. Along with her mouth being on my cock, Melanie started moving a hand up and down with a twisting motion, so I had two distinct sensations at once: her lips and tongue on the head, her hand on the shaft. With her other hand, she started stroking my balls, occasionally running a finger up and down or pressing on my taint. It didn't take her long to raise my arousal level past the point of no return, and I was seconds away from coming. 

I felt Donna's hand squeeze tighter, and she came again in Mark's mouth about the same time I squeezed back and came in Melanie's mouth. I'm loud when I come, and I made myself a little hoarse from the roaring and growling noises I was making from an orgasm that seemed to go on and on and on. I don't know how she did it, but Melanie was able to keep me at the peak of my climax for a long time.

Donna finally had to ask Mark to stop; after four orgasms in a matter of minutes, she was too sensitive to let him continue. And thanks to their coordinated efforts in getting us both off, it marked the third time in the last few weeks Donna and I had come at the same time. Little did I know it would happen again later tonight.

After she released my softening dick from her mouth, Melanie kissed me--I wonder if Carrie told her how much I like that--and she said "Carrie was right about you; you do make a lot of noise when you come. It makes me hot as hell knowing I did that to you." And Mark said it was a helluva turn on for him to hear me as I came into his wife's mouth; he also said he couldn't wait to hear and see that later as I unloaded deep inside Melanie.

Once Donna came back to earth, she looked at Mark and asked "What the hell did you just do to me, and can you teach it to him?"

Mark said "I'll be happy to show him what I was doing. I'll let him practice on you; you know what to expect, so you can tell him when he gets it right." He had a devilish grin on his face; he was looking at me, but his next sentence was directed at Donna. "I'll have to watch him to make sure he's a good student, and maybe show him how to do it a few times if necessary. And it'll be a lot of fun for the two of us to practice on you until he gets it right."

Then he winked at me and said "Of course, if he still needs training, then you both are welcome back any time for a refresher course. If you'll let me use you for the lesson, I'll be happy to show him again how to do it." 

Donna actually shivered. She looked at Melanie, and "You ever consider having his mouth declared a national treasure?"

A bit surprisingly, I wasn't the least bit jealous or upset that he was better at giving my wife head than I was. He knew something I didn't, and he wanted to teach me. Whatever trick he had mastered, Donna would be the most willing student in history while I learned how to do whatever he just did. It was a perfect situation. Donna would enjoy my going down on her even more than she does now, because I'd be better at doing it after I learned what Mark just did. And that in turn would make her want to fool around more often, meaning we'll have even more sex than we do now. It was a no-lose proposition.

After Donna and I had regained our senses, I could only imagine what other things they had in mind for us. Melanie broke the silence by asking me if I minded if they borrowed my wife for a while. I bent down and kissed Donna, and told her to enjoy herself. I got off the bed and sat down on a love seat they had at the foot of their bed. 

They shifted Donna to the middle of the bed, and laid down on either side of her. They took turns kissing her, and lightly caressing her entire body. They were speaking to her very quietly; whatever they were saying, she nodded a couple times, took a deep breath or two, and smiled. I wondered what was being said; I would find out later in the evening.

She was still on a high from what Mark had just done to her, and she kissed Melanie as calmly and confidently as she kissed Mark. Donna and I knew I had a bi-curious side, but until she read me that story one night, I never knew she had one. And once Carrie was able to help her bring that curiosity out and explore it, it was obvious that Donna was embracing it.

They each sucked one of Donna's nipples into their mouths, and it made her squirm with the sensations. God, this was going to be something to watch. My dick was already starting to stir, and even though I had just come a few minutes ago, I knew it wouldn't be long before I would be sporting another full erection. 

While Donna and Mark were involved in some serious making out, Melanie moved down to between Donna's knees. She started kissing and licking her way up the insides of Donna's thighs, finally finding paradise. Donna was still very sensitive, and she moaned when Melanie's mouth made contact. She wrapped her arms around Mark and held him tightly while they kissed and while Melanie nibbled on her pussy. After a few minutes, it was obvious that Melanie was just keeping Donna in a highly aroused condition, and I had my fingers crossed that it was to keep her ready for Mark. 

Melanie moved back up beside Donna, and kissed her with a bit more passion; Donna she moved a hand between Melanie's thighs, and started sliding a finger in and out. Including when she helped me "buzz" Carrie to orgasm, this was only the second time she had ever touched another woman's pussy.

As they continued to kiss and stroke her, and lightly bite her nipples, she removed her finger from inside Melanie and put it to her lips. She inhaled our hostess's wonderful scent, then started to lick her finger, tasting Melanie's wetness. Melanie leaned down and licked the other side of Donna's finger once, then asked "What do you think? Would you like to taste that straight from the tap, so to speak?"

Donna hesitated for just a second, then said "Yes. I would. I've never done it before, so I have no idea what I'm doing. Hope you don't mind."

"Don't worry about that, OK? Were you a pro when you went down on your first boyfriend? No. I'm sure it took you a while to learn to give blowjobs as good as you do now. Just do to me what you think would feel good if someone did it to you."

Donna said "OK. But I doubt I'll be able to get you off."

"This is not about my orgasm, Donna. This is not about you being able to make me come; don't try. This is about you, about the first time you get to orally pleasure a woman. You're sharing something special with me, allowing me to experience that with you; so much more important to me than having an orgasm. If I want to come, I'll ask one of these clowns to do it; they're both willing, and both very capable of getting me off."

Her use of the word "clowns" when referring to Mark and me made Donna chuckle, and seemed to put her at ease. 

Melanie asked "You ready?", and laid back with her legs apart. Donna sat up, and moved between Melanie's thighs. She started returning the full body caresses that she was receiving a few minutes earlier, touching Melanie all over, slowly beginning to understand the absolute beauty that is woman. She finally worked her hands up to the tops of Melanie's thighs, and slowly caressed her entire vaginal area. I could see her exploring; she was so wrapped up in what she was doing, I think it would have startled her if either Mark or I had said anything.

She took a deep breath, quietly and almost to herself said "here goes", and laid down between our hostess's thighs. I watched as she gently pulled Melanie's lips apart, and tentatively took her first lick. I think she took Melanie's earlier advice to heart; I think she was doing what she would want done to her, because I saw Melanie smile. When she flicked her tongue across the now-exposed clit, Melanie jumped just a bit, and Donna pulled back. 

Melanie said "No no, don't pull away. You're doing fine. You get a reaction like that, you've hit a good spot. I'm really enjoying what you're ...OH!"

I wondered why she stopped talking when she did, then I realized that Donna just dove into the deep end. She had two fingers inside Melanie, she had her lips wrapped around Melanie's clit, and I could see her cheeks moving, which made me think she was giving Melanie's clit a good licking. She went from tentative to confident in the blink of an eye.

It definitely caught Melanie off guard, but she recovered quickly, giving Donna some encouragement. "That's nice. That feels very good." She reached down and stroked Donna's hair, an incredibly affectionate gesture. Not sure how Mark saw this situation, but I almost felt like I was intruding on a private moment being shared between two incredibly beautiful women. 

After spending some time with her face between Melanie's thighs, she pulled away and propped herself up on her elbows. Smiling, she looked at Melanie and asked "Well, coach, how'd I do for my first time?"

Melanie sat up, and pulled Donna up into a sitting position as well. She cupped Donna's face in her hands, looked her in the eyes, and said "I've never been a woman's first oral sex partner before. Thank you for trusting me enough to let me be your first." With that, she moved in and gave Donna an incredibly erotic kiss. I thought back to our evening with Carrie, and I felt another small twinge of jealousy when I realized again that there were some things that Donna just couldn't share with me; they had to be shared with another woman, and Donna was lucky enough to find a second woman she could share them with.

With a sly grin, Melanie added, "How did you do? With a little practice, you could make a girl very, very happy." Donna blushed, then nodded.

They held each other for a minute until Donna leaned forward and gave Melanie a soft kiss; she released Melanie and moved over to Mark, reached out and grabbed his very erect cock, and laid down on her back. My heart almost stopped when Donna said "OK, Mark, I need you. I have to have you inside me. Please." At last, I was about to watch Donna have sex with another man. 

Mark climbed between Donna's legs, his erection pointing skyward. Just before he aimed it at my wife's pussy, Melanie moved over and took him deep in her mouth. After a few ups and downs she pulled off, leaving his dick wet. She gave Donna a quick kiss, got off the bed, and came & sat down beside me.

She snuggled against me, grabbed my hardon, very slowly and teasingly moved her hand up and down, and nuzzled close to my ear. She whispered "Your fantasy is about to come true. You're about to see your wife get fucked by another man. Only this time, you won't have to play with your dick while you watch; his wife will play with it for you."

I watched Mark between my wife's legs, looking down at her. I watched him place the head of his dick at the entrance of her pussy. I watched as she wrapped her hands around the back of his neck, met his eyes, and quietly said "Yes". I watched as he slowly pushed himself inside that hot, wet opening. I watched him as he fully buried himself. I saw Donna close her eyes and smile, and say "Oh God that feels good" as he was fully in. I saw their bodies pressed against each other as they kissed. I saw her close her legs behind him and lock him in place.

In my fantasy, everything is always vivid. But the intensity of seeing it actually come true made the fantasy seem almost dull by comparison, and Melanie's hand moving slowly up and down on my cock made it even more intense. Mark started sliding in and out of Donna, slowly and steadily. I could see his dick glistening with her juices. Donna raked her fingernails down his back, causing him to arch backwards, and forcing him even deeper into her. She flicked fingernails across his nipples; he smiled, and she kept playing with them. I was completely mesmerized by what I was watching, and what Melanie's actions were doing to me. The fantasy was good; the reality was beyond great.

As Melanie and I watched Mark and Donna, I quietly spoke. "I promise I will be doing that to you tonight; I cannot wait to be inside you. But as soon as Mark is done, I'll be taking his place. Earlier tonight, after her shower, she told me that after she is done fucking Mark, she wants me inside her. She wants me to make love to her after your husband comes inside her. And you know that's one of my fantasies; you how much I want to do that. 

"I'll need a few minutes rest after that, but I won't have any problem getting it up again to be with you. I want them to sit here and watch us like we're watching them. And since I'll be working on my third orgasm, it will take me a while to get there, so I can stay hard and enjoy what we'll be doing for a while."

Melanie whispered back "She asked me if she could fuck my husband tonight, and I told her yes as long as I got to fuck her husband. I know she wants you to make love to her right after she's done with Mark; she also told me that earlier. Would it surprise you to find out she has that same fantasy? She wants you inside her when she's still full of Mark's come almost as much as you want it. She said you were all mine after that, and I could have you any way I wanted. I intend to take her up on that offer.

"She and I also cooked up a little surprise for you; she's going to let Mark in on it, but you have to wait to find out what it is. And you're right; you will be able to stay hard for me later for as long as I want it. Mark and I are going to 'borrow' you the same way we 'borrowed' Donna; we are counting on you being as willing to experiment as Donna was. I can't wait to feel your cock inside me. And I really can't wait to hear you roar again when you come; you are one of the most sexual and sensual people I've ever known, and I have almost a hunger to feel those waves of energy and passion and lust from you when you finish. But to get what I want, we have to be facing each other when you come; I want to look into your eyes and see your face when you give yourself to me sexually."

She's telling me all this while she's gently stroking my cock, and while we're watching our spouses completely enjoying each other's bodies. It is as close as I've ever been to sensory overload.

I saw Mark speeding up, moving his hips faster, his balls slapping more frequently against Donna as he moved in and out. I could see them kissing, and the kisses got more intense as he worked towards his climax. Donna put her hand between them, reached down and started rubbing herself. I could tell by his breathing that Mark was almost there. I really didn't know how close Donna was to coming; I had no frame of reference because I'd never seen her this highly turned on for this long. 

As Mark started to come, I had to grab Melanie's wrist and stop her. I needed to save myself for Donna; I needed to make sure I could give her what she wanted and what I wanted so badly to give her once Mark was done. Mark broke contact with Donna's mouth and buried his face into her neck, pressing his body as tightly against her as he could; she pulled her hand back and had both arms around him, holding him just as tightly, feeling every one of his almost full-body muscle contractions. Together they moved as one with every spasm of his climax.

Mark rolled off, and caught his breath. Donna left her legs apart, so I could see where Mark just was, and where I would soon be. I saw a little of his come, sitting there, waiting for me. She propped herself up on her elbow, and saw me staring at her pussy. She pointed at me, crooked her finger, and said "You. Come here." Mark got off the bed, and I took his place beside her. 

She grabbed my face and pulled it to her, and said "I know this is a fantasy of yours, but ever since you told me about it, I've fantasized about it as well when I masturbate. And when I move my hand and impale myself on your hard cock, and some of the other guy's come drips out and and runs down your cock and balls, I almost always come at that point. The first time you told me that fantasy, when you got to that part, I got so wet I was almost dripping. I want to give this to you because I know how turned on the idea gets you. But it turns me on almost as much as it turns you on."
