 Mark replays the words in his head.

'Would you like a threesome Mark?'

These are the words that Tina has said to him in her new video clip. They haven't seen each other for a few days since they fucked next to his wife and Tina's sister. So this, this was a surprise.

"A threesome?" He asks himself out loud.

He emails her back with a simple, 'Who do you have in mind?'

Her reply is instant, 'It's completely up to you...'

His reply is quick, 'You're on. I'll sort it out.'

He smirks while thinking, his hand rubs his cock through his work trousers, making it come to life. He flicks back to the video she's sent and looks at her body. He leans towards the screen and fast forwards the video to see what she gets up to.

He watches her slide a butt plug into her delicious ass and moans as it enters her.

"This is a new toy Mark. I bought it because of you." She smiles at the camera.

She reaches for something else, it looks like a remote. He squints.

"And this is what it does Mark." She giggles.

She presses a button and lets out a gasp. Turning away from the camera, she kneels near the foot of the bed and places her head onto the covers. She places her hands on her ass and spreads her cheeks so that Mark can view her from behind.

He lets out a moan and fiddles with his trousers, trying to free his now fully erect cock.

"Mark, are you home?" His wife shouts, slamming the front door behind her.

"For fuck sake!" He whispers angrily, and flicks off the computer monitor.

"Yes. I'm upstairs." He stands and walks to his office door.

Leah climbs the stairs and gives him a small smile.

"Hi." She almost whispers.

She's being behaving strangely around him ... shy, and innocent since he rammed his cock deep into her virgin ass. She blushes slightly under his gaze.

"I have a present for you." Mark tells her.

"You do?"

"Yes. Come here."

He takes her hand and leads her to the chaise lounge in his office. He sits her down and heads over to his desk. He smiles as he opens the drawer and lifts out a black piece of fabric. He carries it over to his wife.

"Mark, what ..?" Her eyebrows crease.

"It's a blindfold. Here."

He places it over her eyes before she can object and ties the knot tightly at the back of her head.

"What are you ...?"

"Sssh." He cuts her off. "Just do as I ask OK baby? It'll be fun."

"Mark." Her tone turns icy.

"Can you see anything?" He asks her.

"No ..." She mumbles. "Nothing."

"That's good ... You should visit your sister tonight. She rang for you earlier and she sounded a bit upset."

He leans his head close to hers, breathing on her skin, and kisses her collarbone. 

"No, I ... I have work ..." She stutters.

"No, you don't. It can wait." He tells her while squeezing her breasts through her shirt. He licks down one side of her neck and nibbles on her earlobe.

He slowly un-buttons her shirt and slides her breasts out of her bra. He tweaks her nipples between his forefinger and thumb.

"Oh!" She gasps with pleasure and pain.

He runs his tongue over each of her nipples, rolling it over them, sucking them softly before he nips them gently, then harder until she gasps again. He slides his hands up her legs, making her shiver. She doesn't have tights on today.

"Lay down." He instructs.

She settles herself on the chair, legs pulled slightly apart. He lowers his head to her legs and pushes them further apart with his hands. He blows on her soft skin, causing her to shiver. His tongue flicks out and he licks the inner part of her thighs, slowly guiding his tongue closer to her pussy. He places a finger on her silk panties and runs it up and down, pressing slightly against her dampening mound.

He slips a finger inside her panties and with a light touch, he runs it the length of her slit. She shudders and moans, arching her bottom towards him. She opens her legs further, urging him on, wanting him to touch her.

"Please." She murmurs.

He smiles at this. His wife, the one who wasn't interested in him until yesterday, after months and months of neglect, begging him to touch her. To please her.

Slowly he starts to circle his finger on her swollen nub. His touch is light and only occasionally does he increase the pressure to please her. She moans with each circle that his finger makes. He lowers his head and teases her entrance with his tongue.

"Yes, yes." She mutters to him.

He presses his finger to her clit and begins to rub it harder, she writhes under his finger and jerks her now soaking pussy up to his face, wanting him to go in. She grunts in frustration as he teases her, pulling his tongue away and lessening the pressure on her clit.

"No ... Please." She begs him, her voice desperate.

He grabs her ass with both of his hands and pulls her closer to his face. He runs his tongue from her clit to her pussy entrance and with one quick flick, his tongue enters her. She squeals and her hands fly to his head, pushing him down, trying to keep him in.

He pulls away.

"Go visit your sister tonight."

"Yes! Yes I will. Please, don't stop!" She squeals in frustration.

He dips his tongue into her once more and then pulls away before her hands can find his head again. He needs to stop now. He needs his plan to work. She needs to be gagging for it.

He kisses her fully on the mouth and whispers in her ear.

"I promise I'll give you more later. Now go see your sister."

...............

He looks at the clock again, 22:00. She's been at Tina's for 3 hours. 'Now is a good time.' He thinks to himself.

He picks up the blindfold, some rope and a rubber strap on then places them in a bag and lets himself out of the house.

He rubs his cock with the palm of his hand while driving to Tina's. When he arrives, he adjusts his cock slightly in his jeans, then walks up her driver and knocks on the door.

"Ready for our threesome?" He whispers to Tina as she answers the door.

He lets himself in as she stands there frowning at him. He tilts his head until the frown disappears and she seems to have understood.

"You told her?" She whispers angrily.

"No, of course not. She doesn't know."

"Then how can we possibly have a threesome? Besides, she's my sister! I can't do that."

"Of course you can. I have an idea. Trust me."

He pushes her against the wall and runs his tongue along the side of her neck, his mouth finds her and he kisses her roughly. He winks at her as he pulls away and walks into the living room.

"Mark? ... Is everything OK?" His wife, Leah, asks him as he walks in.

"Can I have a word please? In private." He inclines his head towards the door.

"What is it?" She asks him worriedly.

He takes her hand and pulls her off the sofa, leading her into the hall and up the stairs. He finds the second bedroom and pushes her in, shutting the door behind them.

"Mark? What's wrong?" Leah asks, her eyes wide.

He grabs her shoulders and pushes her against the door, taking her wrists, he places them above her head and kisses her passionately. His fingers entwine with hers and he rubs his crotch against her. He bites her bottom lip gently and smiles as she gasps between their kisses. She pushes herself against him, grinding against his erect cock.

"I couldn't wait for you anymore." He whispers, wanting her to believe him.

"Oh my God. I'm so horny." She laughs.

He pulls her roughly towards the bed and flings her on it. He climbs straddles her and begins yanking her jeans down her legs.

"Mark. No. Tina ..." Her hands slap at him gently.

"I don't care. Come on Leah. I need to fuck you." He grunts. 

Her jeans come off and his hands are on her breasts before she can react. 

"St ..." She tries again but he silences her with a kiss. 

"Fucking hell Leah. I'm so fucking horny. Just let me fuck you dammit!" He pushes her further up the bed and buries his face in her pants. He pulls them to one side with his finger and thrusts his tongue against her clit. 'This will work.' He tells himself. She gasps once and seems to hold her breath. He flicks at her clit again, harder this time and rubs a finger up and down her slit, wanting to make her wetter.

The kissing against the door must have worked because her pussy is already slightly moist.

He slides his tongue towards her entrance and grabbing her thighs with both hands, he pushes her legs further apart and buries his tongue into her cunt.

She gasps loudly and pushes herself further onto his face.

"Yes, Yes" She mumbles while pushing her now sopping cunt against him.

He pulls away from her slowly, teasing her with his tongue as he does so, until he's sat up right.

"Now will you let me fuck you?" He grins at her.

"Do it. Please ... do it. I want ... you in me. I want your ... cock inside me!" She manages to tell him in-between her heavy breaths.

He picks up his bag from the door where he dropped it and pulls out the blindfold and rope. She opens her mouth to speak, probably to protest, but he places a finger on his lips and takes her hands in his. 

He kisses each of her delicate wrists and wraps the rope around both of them, tying them together. Then he moves her closer to the wooden headboard and ties her hands above her head, well out of reach. She yanks at them a couple of times to see how they hold.

"Perfect. You can't get out of them." He whispers in her ear.

He moves his hands to her panties and slips them down her legs slowly, his hands never touching her skin until he gets to her feet. He wraps rope around the left one first, and then gently raises her leg, lifting it higher, and further towards her.

"Mark ..." She speaks, trying to move his leg out of her grasp. 

"No." He tells her, grabbing her leg tighter and pushing it against the headboard. 

He ties her ankle to the wooden beams tightly then grabs her by the hips and shifts her down the bed a bit until she at least looks a little more comfortable. He reaches for her other leg and pulls that up into the same position and ties the knot.

He stands at the foot of the bed and looks at her. 'Perfect.' He thinks to himself. Her legs are pulled over her head and spread apart, not too wide, and tied tightly to the headboard, so that she can't move. Her hands are tied above her head too, so that she's can't touch anything.

He lands a sharp slap on her bare ass, and smirks at her slight gasp. He takes the blindfold and ties it around her head, making sure she can't see from underneath. He kisses her lips and quickly rubs a finger on her clit.

"Ooo!" She exclaims as he touches her swollen nub. 

"I'll be back in a second baby. Wait here." He chuckles.

He heads downstairs and finds Tina laid on the sofa. He climbs on top of her and pushes his hard cock against her crotch. His hands squeeze her breasts and he pulls her top up with his teeth to kiss her stomach.

She moans quietly, her hands on his. "Where's Leah?" She whispers.

"She's upstairs." He mumbles into her stomach. "Ready for us." He continues.

"Does she know now?" 

"No."

"Mark she's my sister ... This isn't right." She squirms.

"You wanted a threesome Tina. This is perfect. It's exciting. She won't know, I promise." He smiles at her softly.

"So, what, you're going to fuck her while touching me?" She frowns."

"No." He grins. "You'll be fucking her, while I fuck you."

She gasps and frowns at him.

"How am I supposed to do that? She'll know!" 

He laughs quietly.

"So it's not that I've said you'll be fucking her that's the problem ... its how you'll do it?" He asks her with a grin on his face.

"I ... No ... It's ..." She stutters.

"I've brought a strap on. You'll wear it, and fuck her. I'll be right behind you, fucking you senseless." He lifts her top further and starts to kiss her bra-less tits.

"Oh, Mark ..." She whispers as his mouth wraps around one of her nipples.

He places a hand underneath him and unbuttons her jeans, slips his hand into her pants and slides his finger through her cunt lips.

"Come on Tina. It'll be fun." He whispers.

"Yes."

He gets onto his feet and takes her hand, leading her up the stairs and to the room. Before they enter, he places a hand over her mouth and brings a finger to his lips. He shakes his head. She nods.