 He opens the door and Tina's eyes widen at the sight of her sister tied up with her pussy and ass on view. He pushes her forward and signals for her to get undressed. She responds immediately, removing her top and her jeans then sliding her thong down her legs. 

"I'm back sweetie. I just wanted to clean up before I go in you. I got a bit horny earlier ..."

She giggles. 

"Is the door shut, did Tina see you?" She asks him.

"Tina's gone out. She said she was going to the shop so that we could have a bit of space. She thought we were arguing." He smiles at Tina.

"Oh good. We don't have to worry about the noise now!" She giggles again.

He takes the rubber strap on out of his bag and gives it to Tina, sucking her tits while she puts it on. He bites on her nipples and slips a finger in-between her ass cheeks. She smiles at him.

"Come and fuck me Mark. Fuck me hard." Leah whispers to him seductively.

He points to Tina and then to Leah before nodding. Tina gets it. She climbs onto the bed, with Mark right behind her and positions the head of the dildo against Leah's pussy. She slides it up and down between her lips so that Leah's juices are on it.

Mark slips his own cock between Tina's ass cheeks and presses against her. He loves the pressure that he can feel when he thrusts his cock between a woman's ass cheeks. He takes hold of Tina's tits and kneads them roughly. He tweaks her nipples, and nods at Leah. He positions his cock at the entrance of Tina's cunt and moans quietly as his head slips straight through. 

Tina takes this as her cue and pushes the dildo into her sister's cunt. She slides it in very slowly, Leah gasps with pleasure.

"Faster Mark. Fuck me faster." She grunts at him.

Mark thrusts against Tina, pushing his cock deep into her slutty cunt. The thrust pushes Tina further into her sister and she moans quietly – in time with Leah.

Mark places a hand over Tina's mouth to remind her and leaves it there, holding her face. He pulls her head back towards him and tightens his grip with each thrust into her.

He looks at the two women in front of him.

His own wife, is getting fucked by her sister, while he's fucking his sister-in-law. It's enough to make him cum, but he can't do it now. Not yet.

He grabs Tina's hips with both of his hands and rams his throbbing cock harder into her with each thrust. He grunts as his balls hit against her ass.

"Oh my god. Mark! Yes!! Yes!!" Leah shouts out as Tina rams her dildo further into her with each thrust that Mark gives to Tina.

He squeezes Tina's ass cheeks roughly while fucking her from behind and decides to swap positions. He pulls out of her, pushing her forwards slightly – but making sure that she doesn't touch Leah. He kneels behind her and positions his swollen head against her puckered anal hole.

Tina thrusts against his cock with each movement in Leah, the tip of his swollen head pushes against her hole harder with each thrust that she makes and as she comes back with one hard push, he feels his head slip through and into her ass. He grabs her hips and forces himself all the way in with one big push, not caring if he hurts her. 

He moans as his dick continues to reach up her passage until his balls are reasting against her pussy then he humps himself against her cheeks, not wanting to bring even half an inch of his dick out of her.

Tina's head rolls and she shudders. She pulls her dildo out of Leah and without any hesitation, she lowers the dildo to her sister's little pink hole and pushses.

"Arghh! Argh! Mark!!" Leah screams, thrusting her ass against the dildo, pushing it in further. "Oh my god!!!" She screams louder.

This is too much for Mark. He pulls his cock from Tina's ass and rams it back in again and again. He pushes Tina down, until she's almost touching his wife and he rams her with all he's got. 

Both women gasp with each thrust but Leah doesn't seem to notice. He shoves two fingers into Tina's pussy and forces himself further and further into her. He wants her so badly. 

He feels his balls tighten and he squeezes her hips with one hand. She jerks against him as she feels his dick harden before his cum erupts into her ass.

He pulls himself out of her quietly and sits on the bed. He motions for Tina to keep fucking Leah, he has to get hard again, and soon.

"Fuck me! Fuck me dammit!!  Suck on my clit, fucking suck it!" his wife shouts out, thrusting her backside up.

He watches Tina hesitate slightly, she glances at him, then pulls the dildo from Leah's ass and lowers her head to her sister's pussy to lick the swollen nub. 

"Ughhhh!! Yes!" Leah's groans continue.

He puts his cock in his hand and starts to pump it. He never imagined this. His wife is getting her cunt licked by her own sister! His hand works faster at his cock, he feels it hardening while he watches Tina suck her sister's clit and flick her tongue inside her hungry cunt.

Leah groans and her legs begin to shake. "I'm cumming!!" She screams out.

Tina instantly moves her head lower and laps up her sister's cum, her tongue flicks back and forth, she pushes her face deeper into her sister's pussy and groans quietly.

Mark moans and clambers out of the chair and moves over to the bed. He positions himself so that his cock is pointing at Tina's face. He nudges his swollen member against her until she lifts her head and takes his erect penis into her mouth. Her tongue licks the head, his shaft and she puts pressure on his slit. He grabs her hair and thrusts himself into her mouth until his balls are against her chin. She gags slightly but he doesn't stop. In and out of her mouth he works, one of his hands on her tits, the other on her head while she fucks his mouth. 

With one hand, Tina rolls a finger on Leah's hard little nub, while she sucks of her sister's husband.

He pulls himself out of Tina's mouth after a couple of minutes and positions himself over Leah.

"I'm going to fuck you in your pussy again Leah. Are you ready?"

"Yes.. Keep going. Make me cum again." She groans.

He pushes Tina out of the way and she sits back on her heels and watches as Mark steadies himself. He places his backside on the back of Leah's thighs and enters her pussy from above.

They both groan as he lowers his cock further into her from above, giving Tina a good view of her lips spreading and engulfing Mark's solid shaft.

Once he's all the way in, he winks at Tina and lifts himself up and down using his legs. Once he's reached a steady pace, he pulls Tina close to him and kisses her softly. The dildo presses against Leah.

"What's that?" Leah asks.

"I'm going to put this dildo in your ass baby. You're going to love it." Mark tells her, winking again at Tina.

"But you're in me already! I can't take your cock and a dildo!" She groans as he slams his cock into her.

"Yes. You can." 

He pulls Tina to him again and uses his fingers to guide the dildo. Tina's legs are pushed either side of Leah's ass, her body close to Mark's.

She pushes the dildo against her sister's hole and starts to thrust forward gently. Leah groans with each thrust, enjoying the feeling.

"Push it in Mark. Don't tease me."

Mark wraps his arms around Tina, and pulls her roughly to him which causes the dildo to force it's way past Leah's resistance and slide in to the hilt.

"URGHHH!!!" She screams out at the speed that it enters her. "Fuck!" She screams and takes deep breaths.

Mark takes Tina's mouth with his and kisses her passionately, his tongue slipping into her mouth and running over her lips. He moans into her mouth and places his hands on her ass.

"Fuck me next." She whispers ever so quietly into his ear while Leah groans with pleasure. "Cum in my ass, my cunt. Cum on face if you want." She continues.

He yanks her backside forwards, causing her to ram the dildo further into her sister's ass.

"OH YES!!" Leah's screams vibrate. "YES YES YESSSSS!" She continues. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'M CUMMING!!!"

Mark pops a finger into Tina's ass and she gasps at the sudden feeling that overwhelms her. Her body starts to buck and she bites his shoulder. She bucks harder against Leah's ass and places her hand over Mark's, pushing him further into her. Mark holds her tightly by the ass with one finger inside her. She stops moving inside Leah while she shudders through her own orgasm.

Mark smiles at her and thrust himself deeper into his wife's love hole. He sucks one of Tina's nipples and within seconds, his own body is stiffening as he cums straight into his wife's pussy.

"Fucccck." He grunts while jabbing his cock into her.

The three of them sit still for almost a minute before Mark takes his dick out of Leah's sopping cunt and pulls Tina from her.

Once on the floor, they kiss roughly and he forces Tina to her knees. Her mouth opens without hesitation and she sucks his dick dry, not caring that it's just come from her sister's pussy. 

He pulls out of her when he's ready and starts to dress. Tina glances over at Leah and removes the strap on. She climbs back onto the bed and places her head above her sister's cunt. Her tongue comes out and she laps up her juices, ignoring Leah's moans and groans, she pushes her tongue inside her love hole and takes as much of the cum as she can. 

Mark groans behind her, watching her suck off her sister, licking her sister's juices and taking his cum is such a turn on.

He yanks her off the bed before he gets hard again and pushes her out the door. He points downstairs and watches her go down the steps.

"Mark baby. Tina might be home soon ... you should untie me."

He sighs quietly and looks back at his wife's ass. 

"Just a second." He tells her and leaves the room.

He goes into Tina's bedroom and grabs a drawer from under her bed, this is where she keeps her toys. He searches for the butt plug and remote, grabs it and returns to Leah.

He grabs the strap on and slams it back into his wife's pussy without a warning.

"Oh!!" She gasps loudly. 

He presses the butt plug to her ass and pushes it in, before she can speak, he flicks it onto a mild setting and grins while she lays there shuddering.

"Mark. Stop! Please. I've had ... enough. Ohhhhhhh!!" She grunts.

He shuts the door as he leaves the room and goes downstairs to find his sister-in-law.