 A decision had been made. Karen trembled with excitement. She was about to take the plunge. But she felt confident, encouraged by her husband that she had nothing to fear. Her husband Ben was such a sweet man and such a powerful lover. He had assured his wife that no young man in his early twenties would turn down such an offer, especially from such a sexy older woman. Turning forty frightened Karen. But Ben knew how to make her realize just how sexy she still was, especially with her small frame, well-toned muscles, and her small but firm breasts sporting what Ben calls "very intense" nipples that readily confessed her state of arousal. Plus her wide streak of naughty exhibitionism and constant state of sexy naughtiness that swirled around her always got all the boys' attention. 

This boy, her target, was no exception. She made sure Mark got an eyeful of her taut body every chance she got, prancing about in her special white swimsuit, the one she had carefully removed all the lining to shamelessly display those expressive nipples and her thick labia. It was a swimsuit suited only for private times with her husband, or when she wanted to show herself off to vulnerable boys. Mark could not take his eyes off her moving about the pool area as he mowed the lawn each week. She had been building up to this. Today would be her big step. 

Mark watched as she dove into the pool, quickly swam to the edge and climbed out. The fine material of her swimsuit was nearly transparent when wet. She grabbed the towel and dried her hair as she walked over to him, slowly enough for him to get a good look. She smiled at him, encouraging of his gaze. He shut off the mower as she got close, realizing she had something to say.

"I have a request," she announced.

"Sure, anything," he replied.

"Good," she said with a big smile, realizing this may be easier than she had anticipated.

"I am going to go take a shower... and I would love for you to join me," she told him. Her very core trembled with anticipation, suddenly fearing he would reject her and leave her humiliated.

"What?" he replied, not at all sure what he was hearing. Karen was nearly twice his age, but one of the most stunningly sexy women he had ever encountered. He realized she had a naughty streak to be wearing a swimsuit so revealing right there in front of him every time he was mowing their lawn. 

She straightened her posture to lift her breasts a bit, coaxing him to look at her. "I would like you to come take a shower with me," she repeated, a bit more insistent so he would not be at all confused by what she was proposing. "I think it could be very nice... don't you?" she asked with a confident smile.

"Yeah, sure, I guess," he stammered, taken completely off-guard. 

"Good," she replied, taking him by the hand, puling him gently off the mower and leading him toward the house. Neither of them said anything as they walked into the house, her leading him straight through her oversize bedroom to the master bath.

She turned to him and unbuttoned his shirt. "You realized, don't you, that everyone has secret fantasies, right?" He nodded, now totally entranced. "Well, I have two fantasies that have haunted me mercilessly for the past few months. One of them involves you and me in the shower, naked, with me sucking and licking your cock until you come in my mouth." Mark was stunned and did not know what to say. Nothing needed to be said. Karen peeled off his shirt, unbuttoned his trousers and slid them down. His erection strained in his briefs. She quickly stripped them off him, leaving him naked and very erect.

"Nice, very nice," she whispered, smiling at him as she wrapped her hand around his cock, squeezing it. "My goodness, you are so hard. I love that," she cooed softly. She released him and stepped back so he could watch as she took her time peeling down her swimsuit, letting him watch her. She stepped out of the suit and folded her arms on top of her head, letting him gaze on her body. She reached into the shower and turned on the water. She took his hand and led him into the oversized shower, designed for two to shower together very comfortably. She handed the boy the soap and let him take all the time he wanted running his strong soapy hands all over her. She moaned encouragement as he thoroughly enjoyed touching and exploring her body.

Soon, it was her turn to explore his body. Eventually she reached over and retrieved a bath towel. She folded it and placed on the floor so she could comfortably kneel. He leaned his back against the wall as she slipped his cock into her mouth. She relished playing with him, teasing and coaxing him to peak arousal. 

"I'm going to come," he moaned softly. She intensified her sucking swirling tongue action. She felt his cock begin to pulse in her mouth. He cried out. She felt his orgasm pump semen into her mouth as she swallowed and sucked. She felt like a powerful sex goddess making this boy come like this.

She lingered with him in her mouth gently sucking without over-stimulating him, seeking every drop of semen as she gently tantalized his afterglow. Eventually it was over and his climax was done. She led him out of the shower to the bedroom. She sat him on the bed and kissed him. "Thank you. You were wonderful," She whispered to him. She pushed him onto his back and laid next to, gathering his still-hard erection into her hand. "You are such a beautiful young man... and such a nice cock. You're still hard. I like that."

"That was amazing," he moaned. "So was your fantasy as good as you anticipated?" he dared to ask. 

"Oh, yes, even better," she said smiling.

"You mentioned two fantasies. What is the other one?" he asked, now feeling emboldened by their encounter.

"Well, actually, it still includes you, but it's a bit more complex," she told him.

"Tell me. I want to hear it," he gently teased.

"Well, you may or may not realize that most women my age fantasize about having sex with boys your age. You want to know why?" Mark nodded, now very curious.

"It is because of your powerful capacity for sex. Boys your age are flooded with sex hormones. You get very hard, very quickly. You are very strong and can fuck hard. Your orgasms are very intense. You produce massive amounts of semen. And then you stay hard after you come. It takes very little encouragement to get you to fuck again. And, perhaps best of all, we women can talk you into doing whatever we want sexually. Men our own age do not have nearly that capacity for sex. Our husbands may be the most loving, romantic, sexy lovers. But they do not have the sexual capacity of you younger guys," Karen explained. Mark was impressed learning this.

Karen continued, "I have not been with a boy your age for many years and I remember how intense the sex can be. I miss that intensity. My fantasy is to set aside a full day and night of wild sex with you, to discover how hard you can fuck me, how often you can fuck me and how much semen you can pump into me. I would use my mouth, hands and vibrators to get you hard, keep you hard, keep you producing semen for me. That is my other fantasy. I often masturbate thinking about just how I would make that happen. My husband frequently teases and encourages me about this fantasy. He playfully teases me about helping to arrange for a young man to give me that adventure. He is so sweet about my fantasies.'

That was an unexpected twist to the story, Mark thought. "Your husband knows about your fantasies?" he asked, curious about this.

"Of course he knows all my fantasies. True lovers always share their fantasies. They make good fodder for sex-play and teasing in bed," she explained to this rather unenlightened young man. "We are totally committed to each other sexuality."

"So what would your husband have to say about what you did with me today?" he asked cautiously, seeking some level of assurance they were relatively safe with this encounter. 

"Oh, he would be very happy for me, really," she replied cheerfully.

"Really?" he said, a bit incredulous.

"Yes, really. My guy is the most attentive, considerate, romantic lover a woman can have. He wants me to enjoy every pleasure and adventure that I may crave. It really excites him when I tell him my most secret fantasies. He encourages me to explore them. We have a really hot romance going."

The young man was intrigued and impressed by what she was telling him. She continued to explain, hoping to seduce the young man further with her sexuality. 

"To let you in on a little secret, he knows I was going to seduce you today." Mark was suddenly startled at this revelation. "Oh no, don't worry. It really is OK," Karen assured him. "In fact yours is not the first cock I have sucked today. Ben gave me a huge load before he left for the day, just to add to my adventure today. And when he gets home and hears what I did to you today, he will demand I suck him off again, so I can say I got to give three blowjobs in one day. How's that for expanding my fantasy?" she giggled. 

Mark was appalled at this, but very intrigued to encounter a totally new twist to sex he had never before contemplated. Her hand leisurely massaging and stroking his cock helped keep this boy totally under her control.

Karen continued, "My husband and I have a years-long tradition of giving each other special erotic treats especially as birthday presents. Each birthday we try to impress the other with an erotic surprise. It started out quietly enough, sexy new lingerie, a little bondage or spanking, a sexy masturbation video. But is has grown over the years. Last year, for instance, I took him to Las Vegas for a romantic five-day weekend. I had arranged a very special secret surprise for him, something really naughty. I made arrangements with a spa that provides sensual massage and specializes in safe erotic fantasy fulfillment. I arranged a fantasy adventure where he had an appointment every afternoon at three for him to receive a set of erotic treats. He had no idea what was going on when I told him on our first day at lunch that he had an appointment to keep that afternoon. He started to catch on once we arrived at this sophisticated high-class establishment. This very pretty young lady greeted us and told my husband that his loving wife had arranged for a series of very special massages this week. He got a great big grin, recalling that I had often teased him over the years about hiring a young lady to give him an erotic massage to orgasm while I watch. He was now about to get exactly that. She led us to a private room where she stripped him naked, laid him on the table and gave him a luxurious full body massage, eventually culminating in a very skilled handjob, slowly building him up to a really big orgasm. At just the right moment she told him to come good and hard for us girls. And, boy, he did. It was quite spectacular watching Ben get such a special treat."

"Wow, that's incredible," Mark said, impressed with this story and this woman's sexuality. "He certainly is a lucky man. I thought maybe you two were not sexually active, since you went out of your way to seduce me like this."

"Yeah, Ben and I are very lucky, " she replied. 

"Your husband got a handjob from a pretty girl every afternoon in Vegas. I'd say he was very lucky." He added.

"Well, sort of, yes. It was a bit more than that. Each afternoon we showed up for our next appointment. But it was more than a mere handjob each day. I arranged for a whole series treats, something different each day."

"Really, like what? Tell me," Mark was anxious to hear more, his cock becoming quite a bit harder hearing this story from this amazing woman.

Karen continued, "Ben loves sex toys. Vibrators are not just for women, you know. So, on the second day our young lady brought out a couple vibrators and went to work on my guy, stimulating him to tremendous heights before letting him come. He spurted all over himself. Our girl was impressed by the force of his ejaculation."

"Wow," Mark mumbled. He groaned as Karen leisurely swung her leg up over his waist and mounted him, slipping his solid erection deep inside her pussy. She settled down firmly on him, forcing him as deeply as possible. She merely sat there, using only her pelvic muscles to gently and subtly milk his cock... as she continued her story.

"On the third day, the spa and I had another treat planned for him. Our girl came into the room with two other young ladies she works with. She explained they were there to watch and help. I knew an audience of several young ladies would push Ben to even greater heights. They stripped Ben naked, teased and played with him a bit, then laid him down went to work carefully trimming his pubic hair. They eventually shaved him completely smooth. One of them even made a video of this for us to take home. Ben was very excited, of course, especially when they instructed him to give all us girls a sex show. They poured oil onto his hands and ordered him to rub himself. Our girl in charge told the others that Ben has really spectacular orgasms and makes lots of semen. We gathered all around him and watched closely as he proudly stroked his cock for us. It was another spectacular ejaculation all over himself."

By now Mark was totally entranced, listening to this outrageous story as she massaged his cock deep in her pussy with her pelvic muscles.

"So, on day four, we had new plans for him," Karen continued as she gently fucked this boy. "I was quite shy to about this one, but the lady coaxed this fantasy from me when I was negotiating this adventure with them. She said many of their client couples requested and enjoyed this as their favorite, so I had to go for it. Anyway, as soon as we arrived our young lady told Ben to watch as she stripped me naked. I laid on the table and she gave me a really sensuous full body massage. She did wonderful things to me, eventually focusing on a very intimate pelvic massage. She soon had my vagina filled with her fingers, fucking me with her hand buried inside me up to her thumb, her other hand massaging my clitoris. I had several powerful orgasms. Of course Ben was beside himself watching this. When I finally calmed down she undressed Ben and had him switch places with me on the table. As he laid on his back she unrolled a condom over his erection. She bent up his legs and rubbed oil all over his bottom. She snapped on a powerful little vibrator and pressed it against his anus. She whispered to him that she was going to fuck his ass. He was beside himself with excitement. The intensity of the vibrator was overwhelming, and when she started to fuck him with it, he practically cried. She slipped his cock into her mouth and did nice things with her tongue and as she sucked him while fucking his ass with the vibrator. He had the most powerful orgasm he had ever experienced."

"Wow that is incredible," Mark replied, now barely able to speak. 

"That was vacation was so fucking erotic. Ben became very sexually charged, obsessed actually. Our evenings were incredibly sexual. He could not get enough of me. And when we fucked, he lasted a good long time because of the orgasms he had earlier in the day. I loved what it did for him and for me. He promised that on our next trip to Vegas he would arrange for us to bring a young stud, maybe two, to come with us and help him spend the week fucking my brains out. It's like today's adventure. Bringing you into my shower this morning has got me so fucking hot, you have just got to fuck me hard, right now." 

Mark did not miss a beat. He spun Karen onto her back and took over her fucking. "Fuck me, Mark. Fuck me hard. Please. I want you," she begged as the boy commenced a powerful fucking deep and hard. She usually did not climax from thrusting; she usually needed clitoral attention. But the excitement of fucking this boy, the pounding of his pubic bone against hers, and the upward curve to his erection stroking her g-spot soon pushed her to a sudden almost unexpected deep vaginal orgasm. She cried out loud enough to frighten the boy somewhat that neighbors may hear them. But that did not slow his fucking and he soon pushed her over that same crest quickly a second time. Just as she started to come down from that climax she heard him whisper that he was going to come. "Come hard for me, Mark," she coaxed. "Go ahead. Let yourself go." Mark did exactly that with a climax that was nearly as loud as hers. 

They laid there panting and sweating profusely, saying nothing, just feeling it. "Ben is going to be so proud of me," she mumbled. Mark was quietly shocked at this strange woman and her sex. 

They ended up back in the shower to wash away the sweat. Karen avoided cleaning her pussy too thoroughly so that Ben could enjoy the evidence left behind from their encounter. 

After the boy left, Karen sent a text message.... "sckd & fckd the boy senseless. Come find what he left behind in me". Ben had planned on coming home for lunch to be there to either console his wife if rejected by the boy, or to celebrate her victory. Two hours later he entertained himself playing in the semen that still flooded her pussy as he sucked her clitoris to another luscious climax before adding his our load in her. He went back to work leaving her on the bed as a pool of semen soaked the bedspread beneath her bottom. 

That evening was devoted to planning her next encounter with the boy. They had a plan.

Mark mowed their lawn weekly. It was to be another morning of hard sex. She spent the first hour teaching the boy exactly how to lick and suck a woman to multiple orgasms. Mark was impressed by how wet she was. She chose not to tell him it mostly Ben's semen from an hour earlier. Ben loved watching from the bedroom closet, not five feet away, as that boy plowed his wife from behind, filling her with his own tremendous load of semen. After the right treatment with her vibrator, she quickly brought him back to edge so he could plow her again like that. 

Mark finally got up, dressed and left her lying there like that. The front door had not yet closed when Ben immediately took the boy's place, now making sloppy wet sounds in her saturated pussy, taking very little time to pump her full of yet another load of semen. She had been fucked four times and it wasn't even noon yet. She was sore for the rest of the week. She loved being reminded every time she sat down on a firm surface. 

They all knew, including Mark, despite his inexperience and naïveté , where this was headed. Karen never said so directly, other than her earlier mention of Ben's promise to bring a stud to Vegas with them to help him fuck her, but they all knew this was headed for a really hot threeway. They tantalized the boy a bit by inviting him to come over for a barbeque one evening. But they did not let anything happen, keeping it teasingly innocent. Maybe it was a fantasy best left to the imagination, too extreme to actually play out, Mark concluded. 

Karen loved the shock factor. It usually added to her excitement. She invited Mark to come over one Saturday morning. "Maybe we could take another shower," she cooed, implying another one-on-one encounter. Mark was excited when he knocked on the door, especially when Karen let him in wearing an exquisite sheer nightie that made her look like sex candy. She kissed him, squeezing his cock through his trousers. "Mark's here," she called out loudly to Ben. Mark was suddenly shocked and terrified. He was suddenly in the midst of this older couple about to bring him into their bedroom. What transpired was a continuation of Karen's overwhelming seduction into her extreme sex. This was going to be scary... and amazing...