  Enjoy a new fantasy for fans Mark and Penny, as I try to give Mark his fantasy. Thanks guys, you make my stories fun. Enjoy! Thanks to VillageWordsmith for his fine editing skills, hope you'll do more work for me.

Mark and Penny headed towards the hotel. Both were more excited then they let on; Penny had been given a precious gift from her husband, and now, months later, she was giving him one back. Mark had been touched that his wife wanted to live out his fantasy with him and now they were on their way to do just that. As they drove through the city, Mark thought back over the conversation that had led them to this new adventure in their lives.

He found himself remembering how he had just gotten home from the cabin that Diane and Brian owned. Penny and Brian had been sitting on the porch swing when they had pulled in the drive. They each shared hugs and handshakes, before Mark and Penny had gone inside. Each one told the other about their fantasy filled weekend and Penny even shared with Mark that Brian and her had acted out one of his fantasies. Mark asked how it went and Penny told him that it was fun and interesting. Then she had reached around his waist and asked if he had any fantasies he wanted to act out, and if he wanted to act them out with her.

Mark had told her no, but she could sense that something was on his mind, because though he was quiet and not telling her, he was thinking something. She pointed this out to him, by reaching down and running her hand over his now erect cock. "What is it? It must be good to get this kind of a reaction out of you." Penny continued to stroke her husband and urge him to tell her of his fantasy. "Mark, I won't criticize you or tease you, just tell me what it is, perhaps it is something I'll want to do."

His body was responding to her touch, so he moved her hand from his shaft and curled his fingers with hers, "Well if I'm going to tell you, I can't be distracted." She laughed and pressed herself closer to him. They moved to their bedroom and each had taken a seat on the soft blankets. Once more Penny and Mark found themselves looking at the other with trust and honesty, and trying to discuss something that was important in their marriage. 

Mark started with holding her hands and telling her that he wouldn't expect her to do this if she didn't want to, nor would he ever make her feel bad if she said yes. Penny touched his cheek, "Mark I know that, but I do want to know what it is, then let me decide."

"Okay," he took a deep breath and started to tell his wife of one of his most recent fantasies. "For a while now a group of guys from work, along with me, have been shooting pool on Wednesday nights."

"Yeah, I know." Penny nodded, "those are usually the nights that the girls and I go to the movies."

"Right. Well eventually over time, we all would sit around have some beers and start talking about our wives. We'd each make a few comments about somebody's wife and eventually your name came up."

Penny's eyes light up, "Oh, I'm really excited now!" she said and smiled real wide.

"You don't even know what we discussed," Mark laughed and kissed her lips.

"So," she shrugged.

He shook his head in mock disbelief and continued, "The talk eventually got around to what wives would be good in bed, and again your name came up."

"Well... I'm sure you can answer any questions they had about my performance," she rolled her eyes and laughed.

"Oh, I told them all about how wonderfully talented you are," he saw her blush and continued. "After awhile we all talked about whether or not our wives would be willing to have a group party. I thought about if for the next few weeks and waited for the conversation to continue again, which if you know men who are drinking eventually the conversation of sex will come up again."

"If you know men, period. The conversation will come up," she answered.

Mark chuckled and pressed on, "The three guys I thought you would get along with best, I later invited out to beer the next night. We got together, shared a few laughs, and I got around to asking them if they were serious about the other conversations we'd been having. They all said, 'Hell yes!' and before long it became apparent that this is something I also wanted."

Penny looked at him; her face held a look that Mark knew was one that showed her deep in thought. He waited patiently, or at least as patient as he could when he was waiting for an answer from the love of his life, to a fantasy that some would be offended by. Mark didn't want his wife to feel obligated to do this just because of his willingness to have her experience her bi-sexual desire; he wouldn't want that.

She took his hand and held it to her, "Mark, I would love to live out your fantasy. It sounds exciting and fun. You'll be there right?"

"Yes, most definitely, it is my fantasy, remember." He grinned and kissed her lips. Do you want to meet them ahead of time?"

Penny thought for a moment, "No, I don't think I do, at least not like a dinner or anything. Let's just plan this out like, a chance encounter."

Mark smiled, "That sounds great, Hon. I love you." He pulled her close and kissed her lips. Penny pressed herself closer to him and they came together, each one with the new fantasy in their heads. Penny's was new because the whole thing had just been presented to her. Mark's was new, because now he realized it was no longer going to be an unreachable dream, but in fact a reality.

Over the next few weeks, Mark made plans and kept Penny informed as to what he was doing. He had gone to the classiest hotel in the city and booked the best room at the Quay Grand. Then later he had called Carol and they had gone together to find Penny the perfect outfit for the evening. It had taken them several stops, but finally they had found a long black skirt, with a long slit up the side and a blouse with a v-neck that, if left unbuttoned, would dip suggestively low. 

They arrived at the hotel and checked in. Penny was thrilled to be at the Quay, and, when they entered their room, her eyes were immediately drawn to the view of the Harbor. The nighttime lights from the city and the boats out on the water were breath taking. Mark's arms wrapped around her and held her close, his mouth nipping at her neck. She leaned back into him, "This room alone is a fantasy."

He watched her as she moved around the room. The suite had its own lounge and dining room, along with a full gourmet kitchen and a beautiful balcony. Mark headed to the bathroom when he heard Penny's squeal of pleasure. Leaning against the doorframe, he smiled at her excitement of the enormous bathroom with a fully equipped private spa. "We'll have our own fantasies after yours," she winked as she pressed herself against him and kissed him quickly on the lips. 

"You get yourself primped up and I'll get your clothes." 

Penny grinned and shut the door behind him, and soon was covering herself with soap and standing under the hot, steamy water that fell from the shower. Mark in the meantime, called down to the desk and asked if his friends had checked in. They had all arranged to get their own rooms at the hotel. He was told that two of them had, but the third had not yet checked in. Hanging up the phone, he went and opened the dress bag that had kept Penny's gift hidden from her eyes. Opening it up, he laid it down on the bed and pulled out the shoes that Carol had insisted on. 

Next, he pulled a small black box from his suitcase, opened it and laid it on the skirt and blouse. The diamond anklet glistened in the lights and he smoothed his hands down in anticipation of seeing her surprise. Mark went over to his bag and pulled his suit out, and as Penny was walking into the room, she found him, just finishing the buttons on his cuffs. "Nice," she said as she looked over his trim form. His features still full of youth and love for her.

He winked and then grinned as he saw her eyes pick out the black box. "Mark! It's lovely." She picked it up and hurried over to him. The kiss she gave him almost ended the evening's activities as Mark felt his arousal press against her towel wrapped body. His fingers skirted around her back and held her close. She pulled away, set her foot on the edge of the bed, and handed him the box. "Here Hon, put it on me please."

Mark bent down and circled his wife's ankle, pressing a kiss against her flesh, before securing the anklet and moving away from her. She hugged him once more and went back to the dress. "I hope you like it," Mark told her, his voice just now giving just a hint of doubt. 

"It's great. I know you and Carol snuck off sometime last week and this was why, wasn't it?"

"Actually, yes it was. We weren't sure if you would think it was for something else or not."

"No, I didn't know what it was, but you've never done anything behind my back, so I wasn't thinking that at all. I'm glad you took her; you both did a great job. I love everything."

Mark watched her walk back into the bathroom and when she returned, the ensemble rested on her supple form, just as he had pictured her. "Great," he told her. He finished getting dressed as she did her hair and her make-up. Finally, he took her arm and looped it with his, "Ready?"

"Yes,"

They left the room, and headed to the hotel restaurant. Mark eased Penny into her chair, placing a kiss on her shoulder. She looked up to him, and followed his body as he sat across from her. They enjoyed the soft caresses each gave the other with their feet and the occasional touch of fingers to fingers, throughout the meal. Penny was responding to her husband's gentle persuasions, and she continued to feel herself shiver with excitement, as dinner progressed. 

When dessert arrived, the server handed Penny a glass of wine and a small card. She opened it, reading a very sweet hello that was penned to her. Looking around she didn't see anyone that she recognized, passing the note to Mark, he too read it and smiled up at her. "A friend of yours?" she asked.

He just smiled, enjoyed his own beverage and dug into his dessert. Penny drank her wine and soon the two moved on to the hotel lounge. A jazz band was playing up on the small stage and a few couples were on the dance floor. Mark led Penny out to the center, where they both moved together. The couple soon became lost in the music and when it changed from the quick, steady beat to one of slow, tantalizing pleasure, they easily merged and swayed to the tempo.

Penny felt a tap on her shoulder and turned to look to her left. "Yes," she asked the hotel employee that now stood beside her. The young woman handed Penny a card and a small red rose. "I was asked to give these to you," she smiled at Penny and Mark, then left.

Mark watched as his wife opened the little card and once more read a nice penned hello. She grinned up at him, "Gentleman number two, I presume?" He only smiled as he took her back in his arms and finished their dance. Soon the song ended and they moved though the throng of people towards the hotel bar. "I have to use the restroom. I'll meet you at the bar, ok?"

"Sure, I'll be there," he bent down, kissed her cheek, and watched her leave before he continued. Mark quickly scanned the room, catching Craig and Scott's eyes. When he reached them, he shook their hands and told them how Penny had blushed over the simple gestures they had given her. He also told them how he appreciated them doing something like that to break the ice.

After several minutes, Mark looked over towards the entrance of the bar and caught Penny's eyes. She smiled, and waved towards him, then touched the arm of the man next to her. Mark nodded his head and soon Penny and Dale arrived to meet with the rest of the group. "Hey Dale," Mark shook his hand, everyone grabbed a drink from the bar and headed to a corner booth.

Penny slid in and Dale and Scott followed suit, one on each side of Penny. Mark and Craig found themselves next to the other guys. Each one ordered a second round of drinks and soon they settled comfortably and faced the comedy act, which was now up on the stage.

Conversation between the men and Penny moved easily. Soon Mark could tell Penny had warmed up to each of the gentlemen, and he began to feel as if his fantasy was going to happen. He looked over at his wife, and saw the blush on her cheeks. His eyes roamed over Dale then Scott, noticing that each one had their hands on his wife. Dale was touching Penny's hair, while Craig he was sure was touching her thigh. He watched his wife responding to the attention, and felt his own body begin to respond as well. He reached down and adjusted his slacks, giving more room for his arousal. 

Penny's giggles became more pronounced and he watched her chest rise and fall as Dale leaned over and gave her ear a slow, teasing kiss. Penny's mouth parted in surprise and in pleasure. Mark watched her mouth, slightly open as if an invitation for something else. He rubbed the front of his crotch and felt the erect shaft under his firm hand. Craig's hand now brushed up to touch Penny's cheek and in the process, he grazed his palm over her breast. Mark's eyes darkened as he watched his wife's nipples stand erect under her blouse and bra.

Dale's hand and moved from Penny's hair and now slid slowly down her arm, curving around her bicep and down to her wrist. He rubbed circles into her palm and then brought it up to his lips, where Mark watched him take a taste of his wife's skin. He saw Penny shiver, and then her head lean back slightly, as Craig took a small nibble of her skin. His tongue slid over her shoulder, then back to her ear, whispering words of pleasure that only she could hear. 

Penny lifted her head from the back of the booth's seat, smiled at each man and excused herself to the use the restroom. Mark scooted out, his erection obvious to his wife. Dale followed suit and Penny slid free from the booth and the table. She pressed herself up to her husband, and kissed his cheek. Mark pulled her close and kissed her ear. She sighed into his embrace, "I think they like me," she winked at his rolling eyes. 

"I think you should reward them," he smiled wickedly at her. 

"Mmm..." she said. "I think I know just the thing." Mark grinned back at her, and watched her move to the ladies room. He knew what she was doing, and the idea of it, made his cock strain against his slacks. Mark took his seat back at the booth, as did Dale. 

"She's quite the lady," Dale remarked his eyes glancing to the bathroom, waiting for the evenings jewel to reappear. 

Scott nodded, "Yes, you are one lucky son of a bitch, there Mark," he said then punched Craig in the ribs, "I believe I'll be trading seats with you when the lovely lass returns." 

The men laughed and joked, until Penny arrived back by their sides. They noticed something in her hands, and each one let out a groan or a soft whistle as Penny placed a pair of black thongs into Scott's hands, "Since you didn't get to sit beside me, you can have these," she smiled. Scott's eyes lit up, and he pressed the material to his nose, breathing deep, then smiling at the others, "Well this almost makes up for not sitting next to her. But not enough," the group laughed as Scott slid in next to the black-haired beauty. 

Each man gave Penny a cocked eyebrow, noticing her now partially unbuttoned blouse. Her creamy white breasts were almost fully exposed and the edge of her bra would peak out at the men as she slid herself back into her seat. Craig slid in this time next to Scott, leaving Dale and Mark on the other side of Penny. Dale slowly lavished once more Penny's skin and Scott aroused new touches.

Mark could tell by the heated flesh of his wife's skin, and by the way, she was shifting in her seat, that it was soon time to increase the evening's activities. He waited for a few more minutes enjoying the feelings of lust that his wife's arousal was bringing to his groin. His eyes followed the path of Scott's fingers tracing the line of her blouse, even allowing it to dip between the unbuttoned parts of her shirt. Looking down he saw Dale's hand move to her thigh, and slowly begin its assent up. Biting the inside of his lip, his cock jerked hard against him, as he imagined the wet, slick folds of his wife bringing forth her sweet cum for him and the others. 

He swallowed the rest of his drink, set the glass on the table and motioned for the server to bill their room. Signing the check he eased out of the booth, quickly arranged the bulge in his slacks and chuckled as the men followed his lead, with pretty much the same movements. Penny grinned and watched each man, follow her movements. She looped an arm around Mark's and the other around Scott's. They left the bar and headed down the hall of the hotel. 

Their loud voices and heated laughter filled the hotel, as they waited for the elevator to arrive. Scott leaned over and pressed a kiss to her neck. Penny purred her delight and felt his hand cup her breasts, while Mark's hand squeezed her ass. The elevator opened as one couple stepped out and another stepped in with Penny and Mark's group of friends. Penny stood at the back of the elevator and Mark reached out to push the button for the top floor, he grinned at the middle-aged couple that had gotten into the lift with them, and saw they were getting off one floor below them. 

Mark leaned back on the wall of the elevator and watched Dale slide his hand underneath the back of Penny's skirt. The slit moved open allowing him easy access to the soft, flesh of Penny's rear. Mark's cock continued to strain, as he watched her lean back into Dale's palm welcoming his touch. The couple next to him, their faces red, pretended not to notice, but Mark had all ready seen them both glance several times at Penny and the two gentleman beside her. 

Craig waited, leaning against the opposite corner of the elevator and watched Scott's hand slowly work free the buttons of Penny's blouse, then slide his hand into her shirt. He could see her nipple perk and harden from Scott's ministrations on her body. He reached down and pushed his cock to one side. His eyes captured those of the woman who was trying not to notice what was going on behind her. He watched her face flame as he stroked his cock against the fabric of his slacks. Soon the elevator stopped, and the couple rushed out. The group laughed, and exited the elevator when it arrived at the next floor. 

They moved along the hall. Once more, the sound of the party filled the luxury hotel, and when they passed an old couple, Penny purposely groped the nearest cock that was closest to her. She heard her own husband's loving groan and she rubbed harder, bringing a nice stream of juice to her all ready soaked pussy. 

The group arrived at Mark and Penny's suite. Mark opened the door, and then closed it firmly after hanging the Do Not Disturb sign on the door. Turning towards his wife and his group of friends, he leaned against the door. He watched his wife move to the living room of the suite, and as she did, she would lift one foot and remove a long black heel. Soon both heels were scattered on the floor, along with each man's shirt. Mark pushed himself from the door and removed his own clothes. The path of discarded material weaved its way to the living room, where his wife had found a comfortable place on the floor to sit. 

Her naked flesh contrasted well with the deep Burgundy carpet of the hotel floor. Mark saw her bra draped across a chair, her skirt in a puddle on the floor, and her blouse hung loosely on top of the coffee table. Craig was sitting on the love seat, while Dale rested on the sofa. Mark saw Scott standing in front of his wife, her hand on his thigh. His cock leapt against him, as he moved to lean against the balcony doorway. The coolness of the window hit his fevered flesh as he settled back to watch his wife live out one of his fantasies.
