 Mark got out of the shower and put on his housecoat. He picked up the note that his wife Nicole had left for him folded on his computer keyboard and read it again.

Mistress Jade demands your presence in her chambers at 4pm sharp. Ensure that you are thoroughly clean and in the outfit left for you on her bed. It is expected that you will greet her as one so low should greet a goddess; kneeling beside the door with your forehead on the floor. Failure to comply will not be tolerated.

Mark wondered if he should have gathered the toys as well; however, the note did not specifically tell him to do so and often he got equally punished for doing extra as he did for not following instructions to the letter. He checked the time on his phone. 3:53; he did not have any time to waste if he was going to be ready for 4. Nicole often did that to him. She had known that Mark would not be home until after 3, so the short interval to get ready was intentional. Mark suspected that she was hoping he would fail; but, he was scared of what she had planned if he did. Failure was never really an option with Mistress Jade.

Mark went back into the bedroom to put on the clothing that was left out for him. Mark was relieved to see that the clothes were for men. Lately Nicole had taken to dressing him like a girl. He picked up the leather vest, and examined it for a moment, his earlier suspicions confirmed. These clothes were new. Mark felt his member stiffening at the realization that Nicole had been planning and hiding this. She had not had any time to go shopping for this stuff in the last few days, so it must have been purchased at least a week ago. Usually the planned visits from his mistress came with something new. Mark's mind went racing with what was in store for him.

Mark gave his head a shake and tried to put his mind elsewhere. It was never good to seem too eager. That also led to punishment, accompanied with a longer wait for release and merciless teasing. Mark put on the leather vest. It was a size too small, and fit really snugly in the shoulders. It also did not fit completely around. Mark could not possibly do up the vest. Next he picked up the leather thong and noticed a clip on the side for easy removal. He liked that. It gave him hope that his mistress didn't plan on him wearing it for long. Just as he was slipping the thong up his muscular legs he heard a key in the front door. 

Panicked that Nicole would make it to the room before he was completely ready, Mark hurriedly put on the new leather and metal wrist cuffs and the new steel collar, securing the collar with the combination padlock that was provided. Then he grabbed the black leather blindfold and slipped it into place as he went to his knees by the door. Mark put his hands on the floor in front of him, and rested his forehead on the floor just as the bedroom door cracked open.

***

Nicole slowly turned the key in the lock and opened the door as loudly as she could. It was 4pm on the dot and Mark should be ready; however, she hadn't given him a lot of time. She wanted to give Mark ample warning that time was up. Normally Nicole would delight in punishing him for not being ready at the appointed time, even trying to make it impossible without being so short that Mark had no hope; however, this time having to punish him would ruin the flow of her plan.

After stomping up the stairs, Nicole opened the bedroom door and smiled. Mark was right where he should be. Blindfolded with his head on the floor, Mark would not be able to see Nicole get changed. Good. The wait would drive him crazy, especially since he was still able to hear. She grabbed all the toys she intended to use and washed them in the ensuite sink.

Back in the bedroom, Nicole removed the clothes she had been wearing, and pulled out the blood red latex cat suit from the back of her closet. It had 3 zippers, so she could expose her ass, her pussy, or her breasts depending on what she would like done. Along with the clothes Mark now wore, this outfit was new. Purchased nine days ago and hiding in the spare bedroom closet behind all the sheets and comforters. She wondered what Mark was thinking as she did up the zippers. 

Next she pulled out a pair of new blood red leather boots. They were short boots, only coming just past the ankle; but, they did have a good three inch heel on them. Lastly Nicole put on a pair of blood red satin gloves. Nicole quickly checked her watch. Mark had been in that position for about twenty minutes. Perfect.

Nicole slowly walked over to Mark and said "I see my little pet got my note and even managed to properly follow all the instructions. Who is a good little pet?"

"I am a good little pet Mistress," Mark replied immediately. Nicole smiled again. It was good to see his training paying off.

Nicole used the toe of her boot to lift Mark's head off the floor while saying, "Does my pet think he should be rewarded for being such a good boy?"

"If it would please my mistress, I would like a reward. I followed your instructions precisely Mistress." Mark couldn't help but have a slight tone of begging in his voice. Nicole couldn't blame him. Their schedules had both been extremely busy for the last week. Nicole motioned her foot to indicate to Mark that she wanted him up on his knees.

"Oh, my poor, poor pet," Nicole said, pressing her boot gently into his slightly erect manhood, "You have really missed your mistress, haven't you?"

"Yes I have mistress," Mark said. Nicole took Mark's hand and led him over to a wooden kitchen chair with a stick style back and had him sit down. Nicole grabbed the rope that she had placed by the chair earlier and tied him to the chair. Once Mark's arms, legs, and torso were secure, she grabbed the headphones she had also left by the chair earlier and put them over his ears. She put the other end into her phone and started playing loud heavy metal. She made sure Mark was unable to hear anything, and then gave a wicked smile. 

Now the real fun could begin.

***

Mark sat tied to the chair, heavy metal blaring into his ears, and wondered what was going on. Nicole had responded quite nicely to him being over eager, not that Mark could rely on her words to let him know what was coming. Should he be expecting the pain that came from his mistress being displeased? He had expected some backlash when he had told her that he would like to be rewarded; however, lying to his mistress over that would have been worse. Then she had noticed his stiffness, and all she did was tie him to this chair and cut off his sense of sound. Did she plan to just leave him tied to this chair? It was starting to feel like it had been quite some time since she put him here.

Then Mark felt the clasp at the side of the thong become undone, and felt the touch of his mistress's hands on his skin as she removed it. Was that satin? The fingers were slowly caressing his penis as Mark struggled to keep it as soft as possible. Then Mark felt her tongue licking up the shaft, and all hope of not seeming eager was gone. He cringed, expecting a whip or something to tell him he shouldn't be so eager; but none came, just more licking.

Nicole then surrounded his cock with her mouth and Mark let out a moan. Even with his cock completely in her mouth he could still feel her tongue as well. Was he actually being rewarded? Is this what happened if he succeeded in doing the impossible, following all instructions to the letter in the short time frame she gave him? It felt so good; it took everything Mark had to not explode. Being worthy of a reward or no, Nicole would turn on dime if he came into her mouth without permission. He was about to ask for said permission when he realized the music again. How would he hear her answer? 

Mark started a mental exercise that he had come up with, separating his mind from his body. He cleared his mind and felt his orgasm subside. Nicole was picking up speed now. It felt so good; however, Mark kept his mind clear. Between the blindfold and the music, Mark had lost all sense of time. He couldn't tell if this pleasure had been going on all evening, or only for a couple of minutes.

Then he felt hands being placed on either side of his head, causing it to tilt back. That brought him back to the room; however, the shock kept his orgasm at bay. That was being done from behind him. How was that possible? He could feel Nicole's mouth still going up and down the shaft of his cock. Mark had to quickly clear his mind as the realization that someone else was in the room brought the orgasm back to the brink. Mark felt the left headphone lift off his ear and heard Nicole whisper "Now don't you dare cum." The realization that it was not Nicole's mouth that currently caressed Mark's cock was more than he could hold back. Mark exploded.

Mark felt the headphones be roughly pulled off his head. "What did I just say?" Nicole's harsh voice asked as he felt the satin gloves roughly grab his cock.

"You told me not to cum Mistress," Mark cried, feeling the pleasure and pain of the head of his tender cock being squeezed, "I am so terribly sorry."

"Oh, not as sorry as you're going to be. You disobeyed a direct order seconds after I gave it," Nicole said harshly, continuing to squeeze down Mark's shaft, "Now open your mouth Sparky. Wide." 

Sparky? That was new; however, Mark didn't waste time questioning it. He opened his mouth as wide as it would go.

"Princess," he heard Nicole say, "Without touching him, let this waste of skin enjoy that which he forced on you. Oh and Sparky, don't swallow it." A second later Mark felt his own cum dripping into his waiting mouth, while Nicole did not let up on his tender cock. He felt some of the cum slide down his throat; however Mark managed to resist the urge to swallow. He also felt some fall out of his mouth, followed with satin fingers rubbing his chin and putting it back into his mouth. Mark was thankful for the binding, as he was certain that the ecstatic pain of Nicole's continued massage of his tender cock would have caused him to slide off the chair and onto the floor.

"Is that all of it Princess?" his mistress asked.

"Yes mistress," Mark heard a woman answer. Mark tried to place the voice; but could not. He was unsure of that was because he didn't know the voice, or if it was the pain he received from Nicole's hands still rubbing the head of his cock made it too hard to concentrate. He decided it was the latter.

"Close your mouth Sparky; but, still don't swallow. I want to give you ample time to enjoy that. Princess, kneel down there with your forehead on the floor. I will get back to you in a moment," Mark heard Nicole say. He heard no reply from the other woman; however, he assumed that she followed the order. Nicole continued, making it almost impossible for Mark to keep his mouth closed. It hurt so much that he wanted to cry out in pain, or maybe pleasure. The line between the two had long been lost to Mark.

After what felt like a few minutes, he felt Nicole's finger slide up his shaft, then up his chest, around his chin, over his mouth, and nose until it came to the blindfold. Mark felt the blindfold slide off the top of his head and he opened his eyes. He looked at the floor and saw the blonde haired woman in the same position he had been in when Nicole arrived. He noticed that she was wearing a black leather body harness covered by a shear black spaghetti strapped dress. She was well tanned, which contrasted Nicole's fair skin and dark hair. He also noticed a steel collar around her neck as well. 

***

Nicole roughly grabbed Mark's chin and forced him to look at her. She took a moment to stare hard into his eyes, until he finally lowered them.

"Do you find Princess more appealing than your mistress?" Nicole asked coldly. Mark shook his head.

"Do you find Princess appealing at all?" Nicole asked, adding some warmth to her voice. Mark nodded his head

"It's a shame you couldn't follow instructions Sparky," Nicole said mockingly, grabbing the cock cage she had put by the chair while Mark was blindfolded. She put in on Mark as she continued, "I brought Princess here for you. Sparky had been such a good boy, I thought he deserved a little treat." With the cage on, Nicole stood, walked to the back of the chair, put her mouth right next to Mark's ear and whispered, "Princess tastes so good. Sparky would have really, really liked it." Mark's head jerked as he fought to not swallow, or spit. Nicole wasn't sure which.

"You may swallow now," Nicole informed Mark and watched as he swallowed his mouthful in one gulp. She waited a small moment and then she dug the heel of her right boot into Mark's left thigh. Mark gave a squeak of pain as Nicole said, "I gave you permission to swallow that vile stuff so you didn't have to keep tasting it. Aren't you forgetting something?"

"Thank you mistress," Mark said hurriedly, "so sorry mistress."

Nicole put her foot back on the floor, and said "Since this is your first time with another pet in the room Sparky, I shall quickly go through the ground rules. Look at me, and pay careful attention, for the pain you will feel for breaking these rules will make all pain you have ever felt seem like a tickle." Mark looked anxiously into Nicole's eyes and she continued, "There is to be no eye contact between pets, period. In fact you shouldn't look at each other unless ordered. Your focus is to remain on me. Pets are not allowed to touch each other, unless specifically ordered. Pets will not talk to each other, at all. You both must speak through me. Do you understand Sparky?"

"Yes mistress," Mark said eagerly, "I will not talk or make eye contact with Princess and I will only touch her or look at her at all if the mistress commands it."

"Very good Sparky." Nicole said, sliding her hand down his cheek, "If you can keep up the good behaviour, perhaps you'll be untied before I send Princess away. Since you disobeyed a direct order however, you get to stay right there for the time being." Nicole slowly traced the cage with a finger, "And this will help ensure that Sparky doesn't get over eager again." 

Nicole slipped a chain with a key on it over Sparky's head, so he wore it as a necklace, then went and stood between Katrina's outstretched arms, as close to her face as she could get, and used the toe of her boot to raise her head so Katrina was looking at Nicole's ankles. "Since Sparky lost his chance," Nicole said, "Would Princess like the opportunity to please her mistress?"

"Yes mistress," Katrina replied, "Very much so mistress."

"Then start cleaning my boots." Nicole looked down on Katrina as she started licking the top of her left boot with long gentle strokes. After a dozen or so, Nicole turned her left foot so Katrina could get the left side, and continued moving her feet every dozen or so licks until Katrina had thoroughly liked both boots. Nicole resisted the urge to glance at Mark to see what he was looking at. He had displeased her, so for the time being he was no more than the chair he sat on.

"Very good Princess," Nicole cooed getting down on her knees and used her hands to lift the upper body of Katrina off the floor, giving her well-formed breasts a good squeeze as she did so. Once both of them were sitting on their feet, knees touching Nicole added, "Would my little princess like a treat for a job well done?"

Katrina smiled shyly and replied, "I would like that very much mistress." Nicole came up onto her knees and leaned in, locking her mouth onto Katrina's. She came up a little farther and pushed into her, causing her to fall onto her back. Nicole continued to kiss Katrina's lips while she slid a hand under her dress and stuck a finger into her pussy. Katrina let out a soft moan as Nicole moved her finger in and out a couple dozen times while not letting up on her lips.

Nicole removed her finger, noting the disappointment on Katrina's face, as she also stopped kissing her. Nicole sat up and looked at Mark, licking the juices off of her gloved finger. "Mmm," Nicole moaned, "Didn't I tell you she tasted good, Sparky?"

Nicole noticed Mark grimace, the cock cage preventing his member from becoming erect as he replied, "Yes you did Mistress."

"Too bad you seem unable to follow orders," Nicole said and then added, waving her hand towards Katrina, "This could have been yours." Not expecting a reply, she turned back toward Katrina who had moved back onto her knees and looked at her expectantly.

"Would Princess like some more?" Nicole asked, standing up.

"Yes, mistress," Katrina said eagerly.

"Then you need to earn it," Nicole said, walking over to Katrina and unzipping part of the cat suit, exposing her own wet pussy.

***

Mark watched as his mistress stood over the woman, guiding her hands up Nicole's legs to squeeze Nicole's firm ass. Nicole then lifted the woman's head and guided it to the open zipper in her cat suit. Mark wanted to look away, the constant pressure on his testicles from the ring of the cock cage causing great discomfort; however, try as he might he was unable to force himself to do anything other than stare. Besides, Nicole had placed herself and the woman in such a way that Mark had full view of the action.

Nicole let out a soft moan as the woman's tongue licked the bottom of her clit, followed by the top, while each hand was still squeezing each off Nicole's ass cheeks. Then the woman put her lips around Nicole's clit and sucked, causing Nicole to let out a deeper moan. Mark grimaced at the pain again, his penis trying to go erect with this constant visual stimulus. This had been the cycle since Nicole put the cage on him. His penis started to go erect and then the pressure on his testicles made it disappear. It was driving Mark crazy, as the cycles seemed to be getting shorter.

Nicole let out a squeal as the woman's tongue went deep into her pussy. Mark wished that he was the one pleasing Nicole; although, he was quite enjoying the show. Mark cringed again as the cock cage pressed against his testicles. Nicole's head was tilted back, her eyes closed, as the woman continued licking and sucking at her pussy. Nicole was petting the woman's head as she worked. Nicole's moans started getting louder, as the woman got her closer to orgasm. His cock wanted so desperately to get hard that there was no longer any time where there wasn't pressure against his testicles. The pain was almost unbearable; however, Mark could ignore it somewhat by listening to the joy coming from Nicole. 

She had stopped petting the woman, and now her hands simply rested on the top of the woman's head, threatening to push her back into Nicole's pussy if she dared to back away.

Mark cried out in pain as Nicole's moans turned into cries of pleasure. When Nicole's orgasm was complete, the pressure from the cock cage eased up a little. Mark found that his cheeks were wet.

"Very good Princess," Nicole said, helping the woman to her feet, "I sure hope Sparky took some notes." Nicole kissed the woman again, grabbing her head and pulling it into her own. 

"Thank you Mistress," the woman replied once Nicole had released her mouth.

"Oh, look Princess," Nicole said, turning towards Mark, "Sparky is crying. Do you think he's in pain?"

"It would seem so Mistress," the woman replied.

Nicole walked right up to Mark then bent her knees so her face was right in front of Mark's. "Is Sparky in pain?" she asked, running her hand over Mark's head.

"Yes, Mistress," Mark replied.

"Has Sparky learned his lesson and will follow orders?" Nicole asked, placing her hands on his cheeks.

"Yes, Mistress," Mark replied again. Nicole grabbed the key that hung around his neck with her teeth, and slid it over his head, brushing his face with her magnificent breasts. That was enough for his penis to try and erect again, causing Mark to cringe.
