 Chapter 2 to be available at AllExtreme.com

“More, fuck me, make me cum, I was not touching myself, I could feel my own loins on fire, I felt like I was almost ready to climax myself. Pam kept holding my head tighter and tighter. I heard her say “Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Cum baby, Now, Now” I heard her and my body shook I mean it shook so hard if I had not been holding onto Pam so I would not fall off of my chair. I felt Pam’s pussy clinching around my fingers in her, she had climaxed also, I heard her again “Now, Now, Now, cum for me baby, Now” I shook and shook. I started gasping for air I said, “Please, Pam, no more, please, let me rest please.” She said “one last time Marline, Now, Now, Now.” It was all I could do to hold onto her, the power of the climaxes kept building and got so much stronger each time. Pam pulled back then knelt down and kissed me. She said, “so, if I understand you right, we have about 40 more minutes to make me climax two more times. What about if I climax while I am making you cum?” I said I don’t know, I guess it would work as long as you climax three times.”

Pam said “come over here to the couch lay down, I’m going to eat you and bring myself to a climax just for you” I laid back and reached down then pulled up my dress. I spread my legs and Pam knelt done putting her soft mouth on me. I felt her grab my clit with her lips and heard her moan. I lay there and closed my eyes. I listened to Pam, as her breathing was hot and heavy. Every once and awhile she would stop and say “Hmm, you are so good” then she went back to work on my cunt. Then she said “I’m getting close marline, I’m really getting close” I felt her fingers now moving to then pushing into me asshole as she worked my cunt with her tongue. Pam worked her fingers in and out fast as she ate me. She cried out “NOW, NOW OH SHIT, I’M COMING” She put her lips onto my clit and sucked very hard. I felt more of her fingers now work into my cunt as well. I lay there shaking; my body seemed to bounce on the couch. “Oh God, Give it to me, Fuuuucccckkkk me, Oh fuuuccckkkk mmmmmeeeee” I climaxed and shoved back against her fingers in both holes and her mouth sucking my clit.

I could barley hear the phone ringing, Pam heard it and got up to answer it at my desk. When she pulled her hands and fingers away, I replaced them with my own. I was still hot as hell, and still needed to have one more climax. I heard Pam say “Oh Hello Pastor Johnson, yes she is here, she is ties up with something right now, do you wish that I disturb her, or can I give her a message for you? OK, I’ll tell her, see you later Pastor” I lay there gently working my fingers in and around my hot open hole. I said, “what is the message?” Pam said “He called to let you know Mr. Kelly just called Pastor to tell him he was on his way over to meet with you since you where not at home. He needs to see you about the south wing expansion; he needed your input for the design. The only problem is, he is about 5 minutes away.” 

“That is just fucking great!” I blurted out. I sat up and pulled down my dress. I then said “I have got to get off, I can not function like this” Pam said “when he gets here would you like for me to have him come back after lunch?” I said “Oh God yes, I don’t dare see him right now, I can’t control my urges. I can’t see him like this, I will end up fucking him or sucking him.”

It was then we both heard the front door chime. Pam went into her office to meet Mr. Kelly. The door was not closed all the way and I could hear Pam. She really went to work on him. “I’m sorry Mr. Kelly, Mrs. Johnson is really tied up until after 1:00, could you return then and she will be able to give you a full 30 minutes” Mr. Kelly said “I can’t return then, I have to get these plans submitted before noon. Mrs. Johnson had an appointment with me Friday; and she changed it for this morning, she told me to be here at 8:45. I am here, and I will wait, I have to get this done today.” Pam said “I’ll see what I can do, wait here.” Pam walked into my office and started to tell me when I interrupted her and said, “I heard, he is right, I did tell him to be here, I forgot. Send him in, I’ll get rid of him” Pam left and then I walked to the door. I opened it and went to greet Mr. Kelly. “I am so sorry Bill; I have so much to catch up with, leaving for three days really put me behind. Come in, Pam make sure we do not get disturbed, we have to finish this for the South wing” I closed the door behind us and Bill went to the couch, he opened up the plans he had rolled up in his hands onto the coffee table. I turned a chair around from in front of my desk and sat down. I leaned forward to see the plans he was showing me. 

Everything was finished, he had shown them to the board, then Jim, I was the last person to approve them before they where submitted to the city. Bill and I sat opposite each other. My chair was a little higher than where he was sitting on the couch. He and I where both bending forward, He was pointing out things and I was watching closely.  I don’t know why I did it, but as I leaned forward the very first time, I reached down placing my hands on my knees. I ever so gently and quickly pulled back my dress so the hem came up over my knees. 

I think Bill did not notice it at first, however as I bent forward more, I also pulled back my dress. I had this desire to show myself to him. I did have my legs slightly open and I could feel the air under the front of my open dress. I started to look at Mr. Kelly, I was sure he was trying to adjust himself sitting there opposite me. He started showing me things that he did not have to, pointing things on the plans yet not looking at the plans himself. I found that he was trying to bend over even lower. I wondered if he was trying to look up under my dress. I saw a pencil on the plans and bent forward to get it. I accidentally bumped it and it went off on his side of the coffee table. He said “I’ll get that” and he bent real low reaching for it. I saw where his eyes where and they where not on the floor. I sat up and sat back just a little. If he was trying to look up my dress, I was not going to make it difficult for him. He fumbled for the longest time. And then finely found it. He handed it to me and then he sat back on the couch. Or I should say half laid on the couch. His head was almost level with my hips. I knew that if he tried hard enough he could look up my dress and see I was naked. 

I looked down at his pants and saw that his cock was hard and pressing against his fly. The subject seemed to change. Everything started to have two meanings to it. For instance Mr. Kelly said “That has got to be the loveliest thing I have seen yet” now that could be the plans he had finished or the view he had in front of his face. I then said “One thing about it, it we sure need it” That could mean the south wing, or again it could mean that I needed it, which I really did. He then said, “it looks so small” I then said, “I am sure it will accommodate anything we need it to” Mr. Kelly was very uncomfortable and reached down to adjust his cock in his pants. I knew I had turned him on and I had the warmest hot feeling because of it. I then said “you have no idea how long I have been waiting for this, I can’t wait to get into it, you know what they say Mr. Kelly, timing is everything. We have to seize the moment, time is wasting” 

Now if you did not know that I was sitting in front of him with my legs open, and naked. If you did not know Mr. Kelly was looking up my skirt. Anyone listening would think that we where talking about the South wing. However we both knew that we where not. Mr. Kelly asked, “How does your husband like that?” I said “Oh this” and I opened my legs wider and pulled back my dress some more. “Oh he loves it, trouble is, it takes more than him to keep it happy if you know what I mean.” I said I watched Mr. Kelly start rubbing himself through his pants. I said, “it looks as though you have everything here right in hand, I think you will be able to submit your plans when you leave here.” The only thing I am wondering is, how are you going to get past my secretary with that bulge in your pants, what will she think?” 

I knew I had past the point of no return long ago, I knew that I was taking the biggest risk I had ever taken in my life. Mr. Kelly was a church member, he was a board advisor, and I knew he was happily married. I made no pretense about it anymore. I leaned back in my chair, opened my legs wide and started touching myself less then 5 feet from Mr. Kelly’s eyes. He unzipped his fly and started stroking his cock. I said, “No one must ever know about this Bill, it has to be our secret, agreed?” He said “yes, oh yes” I kept my hand working and I stood up, I moved over to the side of the coffee table pushed it aside then knelt down in front of him. I took his rock hard cock in my mouth. I started working it while I fingered my self. I could feel his cock start to swell when it gets ready to shot its sperm out. I pulled back and said “I want you in me, when you cum, you have to promise me you will tell me when you are coming, I want you to say “now” when you start to cum. I will grind you silly milking you cock if you do that for me. One more thing Bill, I loose control and you may have to cover my mouth I can’t help it” I got up from my knees, stood up opened my legs nice and wide then bent forward. I looked back at him as he also stood up, I said “Put it in me, slide it in” I felt him move in behind me, I felt his cock slide in and I went to work on my clit.  Knew that it was only he, Pam and myself in the office area, I started to get loud. “Oh God Bill, Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck, Give it to me, Fuuuucccckkkk me, Oh fuuuccckkkk mmmmmeeeee” Mr. Kelly put his hand on my mouth to quite me as I had asked. I shook his hand away and got louder, I wanted Pam to know he was fucking me and he was going to make me come one last time before my time was up.

I shoved back at him fucking his cock for every inch he had. We where like animals, I was grunting, and moaning, he was huffing and puffing. I kept building and building. “Oh God, Give it to me, Fuuuucccckkkk me, Oh fuuuccckkkk mmmmmeeeee Harder, faster. I love your cock, it is so fucking big, it is so fucking hard, so fucking goooooood, give it to meeeee, give it to meeeee.” I finely heard him say it “NOW YOU BITCH, OH GOD NOW” I felt his cock pulse inside of me, I felt my mind explode, my cunt clenched at his cock. I was milking his cock for every drop of his nectar. I screamed “YES, YES, GIVE IT TO ME, HARDER, HARDER FUCK ME YOU BASTARD. FUCK YOUR HOT WHORE SLUT” I don’t know why I did it, I think I did it so Pam could hear. Maybe I did it to add to his excitement. Or maybe add to mine. He finely finished and started to pull out. I said, “NO, wait” I pulled and turned real fast. I knelt in front of him and took his wet slimy cock in my mouth. I had to have that nectar in my mouth. There is nothing else like the taste of a man’s sperm and my juice mixed together in this white, slimy, gooey love nectar. He held my head as I slowly cleaned him; I kept working his cock until it was completely flaccid. I stood up and looked at him then said “Please keep this to your self and you can have me anytime you want.” He said “It’s a deal, what about your secretary?” I said “Oh I sent her to get something, (knowing that she was listening) she probably won’t get back before you leave” 

Bill got himself together rolled up his plans and we went to the door that was cracked open. Sure enough just as I had hoped, Pam took my hint and was not there when Mr. Kelly and I walked out of mine. Just as He was walking out the office door, Pam walked back and said “sorry Mrs. Johnson, I had a hard time finding it, I hope your meeting went well.” Mr. Kelly said “Oh yes, it went very well” I said “Well to be honest, not well enough, well to be perfectly honest, I could have used a little more. I think you need to set an appointment for Mr. Kelly. I think I will need a few more meetings before I can give my full support on this project.” Pam said “How about tomorrow at 2:00 Mr. Kelly?” he said “I can be here, are you sure we need to Mrs. Johnson?” I said, “I am positive, I do feel it would benefit us all if you could plan to be here a good hour or so. I mean, you never know where these meeting can go.” He said as he walked out “OK, two it is” Pam and I watched him walk to his car and waited until he started driving away. Then she came to me and hugged me, My goodness Marline, I thought you would wake the dead as wild and as loud as you got.

I asked her “I assume you where at the door listening?” Pam said “No, I was at the door peeking, it is a good thing your backs where turned to me, I had the door half way open, masturbating as I watched you. I am surprised you two did not hear me as I climaxed when you two did.” We heard a car drive up and we both looked out, it was Jim returning from Golf. It surprised me, because on Mondays he is normally gone all day with his clubs. Pam went to her desk and I walked out to meet him. I kissed him and very softly and as sexy as I could said “I am so glad you are here, you have no idea how bad I needed to see you.” Jim said “Honey, you have such “Lovely Red Hair” why did you put it in a bun? I could not believe it; I wrapped my hair up so no one would trigger my cravings and the minute I see my husband he says it. With in an instant I need him; I need to fuck all over again. We walked in and went to his office. Since it was Monday his secretary was not in, we went into his private office and I gave him a hot wet horny kiss, I let him know I was ready and wanting his attention. I was so thankful that he responded. When we broke the kiss, he said “lets go home” I said “later, I can’t wait, close the door, I want you now” we kissed and with our lips locked Jim kicked the door closed, we moved to the couch, and we where both taking his pants and shirt off. I broke the kiss just long enough to say, “I want you to eat me, eat me now.”

I held onto Jim as he laid me back onto the couch. I reached down and pulled up my dress. As I did this, Jim got to his knees and expecting to pull down my panty hose and panties found I was naked under my dress. Looking at my freshly fucked cunt he could see I was all wet. I don’t know what he was thinking he made the comment “I have never seen you this turned on or this wet” I responded, I am hot for you, and I am wet for you, eat me.” I can not tell you why I wanted my loving husband to eat my pussy right after I just had another man fuck me. It was nasty, very nasty. Maybe that is why I loved it so much. Jim went wild eating and licking me. I waited for him to mount me. I finely could not wait any longer. I said “come on baby, put it in me, I need it now” he moved up and I felt his rigid cock slide inside. “Oh Jim Give it to me, I love your cock, I love how big it is, I love how long it is, fuck me baby, fuck me hard. Your cock is so strong, so hard, give it to me you big man, fuck your hot little wife, make me come baby. Do you like how wet you make me? Fuck mama, fuck me good, give it all to me, deeper” My pussy had been fucked so much and stretched so much, I could barley feel his cock. Don’t get me wrong, Jim is well hung, I mean he is over 8” long and very thick. It is my pussy, I mean, here he was fucking his wife after 200 different men and dogs and rubber cocks, (talk about sloppy seconds) I know my cunt is way to big for him right now what amazed me was how much Jim went wild fucking me. Jim moaned as he fucked me, and I knew that in all the years we have made love, we have seldom had wild sex. I know my husband and I knew that he was getting enjoyment like never before. And this was really giving him pleasure. I felt his cock swell up and I was so ready, I waited for him to tell me he was going to cum. I heard him grunt and moan then I felt the pulsing of his cock as it shot his sperm inside of me. He did not say it, I held on, I ground my cunt hard against him I tried to think of him yelling out “NOW, NOW” but all the thinking in the world would not do it. I lay there panting and fucking back hard knowing that I would not get my goal. 

Jim slowed down and pulled out of me, I pulled myself up and bent forward taking his half-hard cock in my hand and mouth. I wanted to clean and lick him and I had a small hope that maybe I could get him hard again and maybe this time he would say it so I could cum also. It did not work, he went soft and I finely gave up. I got up and we kissed. Jim said, “I have to tell you my love that was the very best sex we have ever had. I thought nothing could beat last night, but this was wonderful. I don’t know what you women talked about this last weekend, but what ever it was, I love the results. I have never seen you so wet, and so hot, I love it when you are so wicked like this. Your pussy was so open wanting me, I could hear it sloshing as we made love.” He said that and I immediately thought to myself, “It is so sloppy because your cock isn’t big enough to fill it anymore” 

He then asked “Do you really like licking me clean like that? I mean cleaning me and sucking me afterwards, it feels so good but it also seems so nasty, I love it, want me to get a warm wash cloth and clean you up?” I said “Not right now honey, I want to carry you inside of me the rest of the day, I like the wet feeling of your sperm oozing out of me.” He then said “want me to get your panties from your purse?’ I said “Oh I did not wear any panties today, I wanted to be ready for my man when I saw you.” Jim brought me to himself and before we kissed he said “you are so bad, so very bad, I love it” We kissed him and I knew I had to leave, I had to get fucked again and soon.  I said “Honey, I have to run some errands, I am going to the store can I get you anything?” 

I had no idea where I was going to go, maybe home, maybe to the store. I knew I had to leave, If I stayed there, I would want sex with Pam again, she could get me to climax and with Jim around always walking into my office, I knew I could not take a chance. I also knew I had to do something about this empty feeling in my cunt, and this craving that I put something in it. I preferred it is a man, but right now any cock would do. I did have my cocks at home. I went to my office to get my purse and Pam said “I heard you with the Pastor, what are you going to do?” I looked at her and said I don’t know. If we where alone we would finish what he started and he couldn't finish himself. I can’t take any chance’s, stay here, I’ll call you later, I just may need you to tell me “now” while I do myself” I kissed her on her cheek and walked home. 

I walked inside and went up stairs, I had no plan, I just wanted to climax, I thought I could lay on the bed, masturbate with the phone to my ear and have Pam say “now” for me. I stood at the closet and took off my dress. I stood there in my bra naked and hot, I was facing my closet when I felt something cold touch my butt. I jumped and looked. It was Silver, I guess Jim had let him in the house and I did not notice him when I got home. He started licking me, and I guess he smelled the butter, and Jim’s sperm. By the time his tongue hit my ass cheek the second time I was opening my legs, and leaning forward opening myself up to his mouth. Silver is a nice big dog, and his tongue is long, I could feel it work it’s way up and I swear inside my asshole. I bent forward some more and opened my legs more. He sought out my cunt and wormed his long tongue inside of it.

I was panting with pleasure; I remembered the dogs that worked me over at Steve & Phil’s place. If anyone had seen me I would have looked a sight. I moved very slowly with my legs apart, bent over, working myself to the bed. Once there I was trying to decide if I should get on it, or kneel down resting myself on it. I could hear Silver wining as he licked me; I turned my head to look at him. Then I saw it, I saw his cock, it was pink and sticking out of it’s skin. It was nice and big, and I knew I needed it inside of me right then. I knelt down and Silver jumped up on my back just like he would jump up on a bitch in heat in the middle of the road. I am not a big woman, and with him being so big, it was perfect. He rammed his cock inside of me and fucked, he hammered my cunt like a jackhammer. “Oh fuck, Jesus, Oh FUCK, OH GOD, OH BABY, OH SHIT, OH SHIT, GIVE IT TO ME BABY, FUCK ME, FUCK ME MAKE ME COME BABY, I LOVE IT, I LOVE YOUR COCK.” I could feel his front paws digging into my sides and tummy as he pulled and rammed himself into me. I could feel his cock swelling up getting bigger and bigger. I felt as if he was fucking me with a log, I felt him shoot his sperm inside of me. I yelled out “NOW, NOW, OH FUCK NOW, PLEASE GOD, LET ME COME, NOW, NOW” It did not work, I was right there, I was ready, I just needed the word. I remembered Pam and looked at the phone out of my reach. With one hand I held Silver to my back as I moved to the side and closer to the nightstand. I did not want him to dismount from me, and I had to get Pam the phone. I finely was able to reach it and I dialed my office. Pam answered I could barley breath let alone talk. I could feel Silver flexing inside of me. I managed to say very softly and sexy as hell “Oh Pam, Pam, I need it, please say it, please.” I heard “now, now, now, now, now, now” I started my climax, and with every “now” it became stronger.
