 I heard him say, "We better get out of here before someone needed to use the room and catch us" I let go of his cock and he zipped himself up. I stood up and he opened the door. Standing there was a man, a lady and a teenage girl. I should have turned seven shades of red, but I did not, I just said "Thank you for the help, I smiled and walked to the register to pay for my stockings. Standing in line, I felt someone walk up behind me. I turned and it was the man who was standing out side the dressing room. He handed me a card and said "call me some day, maybe we could enjoy a cup of something some place" I looked at his card and it had a telephone number and a Temple City address. I smiled and said, "who knows, it may be sooner than you think"

I went out side and drove up the 35 and as I passed the 290 I saw a huge truck stop. I remembered my dream and my filthy mind started to work. What If I where to park my car there, and hitch hike up to Fort Worth, maybe I could find a horny truck driver and his partner and they could take turns fucking me in there sleeper up to my sisters. I got off and drove back to the truck stop; I parked my car near a light and went inside to the restaurant. I sat down and the waitress came over. 

She said "easy pickings tonight kid, you new around here, I don’t think I have ever seen you before?" 

I said "Oh I am on my way to Fort Worth, my car broke down, and I have to wait and call my sister to come pick me up." 

The waitress said "Oh I’m sorry Darlin, I thought you where a working girl, I am so sorry, hey, the coffee is on me, how about a free piece of pie to go with it?" 

I said "Oh that’s OK, I am sort of flattered that you thought I was a hooker, at least I think I am" we both laughed and I said, "I’ll take that coffee and pie, thank you." At the table next to me sat two truck drivers. 

One man said, "where going to Fort Worth Darlin, could we give you a lift?" the waitress came back and said "back off Kenny, she knows better than to ride with you boys, don’t’ you hon.?" 

I smiled and said "Well, if I did take them up on there offer, would I be safe or not?" The waitress laughed and said "Oh sure you would be safe, they wouldn’t hurt you or anything, they would most likely bore you to death with their truck talk." 

She poured the coffee and walked away. I looked at the one guy and said, "You boys wouldn’t bore me would you? I mean we don’t have to talk at all, in fact, I would be glad to pay you for taking me to my sisters" The other guy laughed and said "Oh sure your so broke you have to have someone come pick you up, what would you pay us with?" I smiled and said "My, you boys have been on the road much to long, I am sure I have something to offer you both in exchange for a ride, you do have a sleeper don’t you boys?" 

They stopped laughing and I could tell they where stunned. The waitress came back and said "I don’t know what you told them but what ever it was must have been something, they never stop talking, look at them it looks as if the cat has their tongues. They finished their coffee and one said "If you are serious, so are we, we’ll take you to your sisters. I reached in my purse and pulled out my wallet, I had close to $300.00 in it I looked and looked for something smaller than a ten, and I could not find any so I left her a nice tip.

The men saw my money I looked at them and said softly and very sexy "Don’t worry boys, I am not about to pay you in cash, I have a better idea" we walked out and we walked toward all the big rigs parked. As luck would have it, we walked close to my van, I asked the boys to wait a minute so I could lock up my purse, I have a keypad and I locked my purse inside. I turned to them and said, "I won’t need my purse for what I have in mind" I took both there arms and we went to there truck. They took me to the door and both wanted to help me up into the truck. 

It was one of many parked in a big line, there where trucks everywhere, I knew no one could accidentally see us, and at this point, I could care less, I wanted to fuck these two men. It was only about 3:45 and it was plenty light out. I knew that when I climbed up the side to get into their cab, with them standing on the ground under me, they would have a free show. 

Come to think of it, I guess we all knew that. Like I said earlier I am small in stature, so I played that to my advantage. I took two steps up and asked, "Could one of you boys help me, it is hard getting up into your cab" I looked down and I saw them both looking right up my skirt. I had one leg straight and the other bent, I could feel the air on my wet dripping pussy. 

I said "come on boys, a girl needs a hand here, give me a boost." I felt two pair of hands on me, one on each butt cheek and two hands under my skirt, inside my thighs and several fingers into my cum filled pussy. I was waiting for that and I squatted back onto their fingers and said "Oh, my, what strong fingers you boys have, now I’ll give you both a good 30 minutes to stop that." 

I felt long fingers sliding in and out, one guy said to the other, "Shit this fucking bitch is dripping wet she is so hot, I got first." 

I started moving up and down meeting his fingers, and then I felt fingers at my asshole. "Opps," I said, "Now you have a whole hour to stop that double finger fucking." I felt fingers slide inside my asshole I really went to work riding up and down there fingers. I started moaning and started to get loud, I finely had to say, "come on boys, lets see how good that sleeper is for some good old hard double fucking."

I stepped up the steps into the cab with them right behind me. Their fingers never pulled out of my holes until I had to twist around the seat to get back to their big sleeper. Billy said to Harry, "Shit man, this bitch is so fucking hot, we better keep her away from the gear shit." 

The Billy laughed and said "maybe after she fucks you Harry, but when I get through with her, she won’t need a cock for a week or two" I went straight into there tiny living quarters. I expected it to be cramped in there, however to my surprise it was very roomy it had a big TV, Big Bed, big closet little table and I went straight for the bed. I undid the back of my dress as Harry took off my bra. He went straight for my tits and I loved it; I took belt loose and undid his pants. I had his stiff cock in my hand and his fingers were working my wide-open hot pussy.

We rolled on the bed and I ended up on top. I knelt over him and slid down on his cock. I watched Billy (his partner) move next to us and got on the bed with us. He asked "Will you suck me at the same time?" I answered, "It might be safer to fuck my asshole baby, I get kind of crazy and I sure don’t want to bite it off" he moved around and tried very hard to stick it in. I guess he could not figure out how to get his legs in between ours and with my thrashing on Harry’s cock I know it did not make it easy for him. He finely gave up; I was very disappointed to say the least. 

I said "Come here, give me that lovely cock, let me suck your balls dry" he moved up and got to his knees so I could go to work. I did and when I felt like Harry was going to explode in me I pulled off of him, let the cock in my mouth out and told them both. "There is a price for fucking me boys, I want to here you when you are going to shoot me with your cum. You have got to say "now" when you’re going to cum. You say it and I’ll fuck you all night, you don’t say it. You pay me $50.00 like you pay all your whores, Agreed boys?" they both said yes. 

I reached down between my legs and aimed Harry’s cock in me and went back to fucking his brains out. I found the other cock and went to work sucking his balls dry. I heard them both, first Harry who said it over and over, then Billy who I was sucking started in. "Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now." My mind swirled I kept coming and coming I could not breath. I realized that Harry had both hands and fingers pulling and pinching my nipples hard as I started to climax. 

Then Harry joined in "Now, Oh God, Now, Shit you have a great pussy." I was dripping with sweat, I was gasping for breath, however now of that took my mind off of what Harry was doing to me. What amazed me so much was, I loved it and it felt good. I rocked on his cock I swear my pussy was gobbling up every drop of his sperm shooting into me, I rocked and rocked in pure heavenly bliss. I was still in my bliss when the boys pulled out of me. 

Harry rolled me over and Billy got off the bed, he opened what I thought was a closet and I saw a toilet / shower. He went in and peed. I did not waist time and quickly turned around to suck and clean off Harry’s cock. As I did that Harry pulled me to himself and went for my cunt. Billy turned and saw us. He said "Jesus, Harry, how can you eat that slut, you don’t know how many guys have fucked her. God, Harry I swear you are a very sick puppy" and he zipped up his pants and got behind the wheel. He started the truck and we pulled out. Harry and I bounced around licking and sucking each other.

When Harry stopped, I let his flaccid cock loose and he turned around facing me as we both lay on our sides. He spoke softly and I could barley hear him over the sound of the truck. He said "I love eating a woman after she has been fucked, I am not queer, I just get so turned on eating a cum filled pussy. Do you think that is sick?" I smiled and moved my mouth to his ear. "I sure hope not, cuz, I love it also, Tell you what you big boy, you figure out a way for me to fill that and I’ll let you suck it all out." He said "are you serious?" I said, "I sure am." We kissed and Harry said "if you want you can use the shower, and there is a blow dryer in the drawer if you want to wash your hair.

I got up and got in the shower, it was small and close, but it sure felt good to clean off all the sweat and wash my hair. I stood there bouncing around as the truck went down the road. I expected the water to run out or go cold but it didn’t. I sat on the toilet and went potty as I dried my hair. (Thank god I have short hair) I got out of the shower and saw the boys sitting in the two front seats. 

I said "Well boys, do you want me to dress, or do you two want to take turns and come back here and play some more?" Harry got up and came back with me. I laid back on the bed as he dropped his pants and slid his cock into me. I pulled back my knees and started in "Oh baby, your cock is so fucking big, God I love the way it makes me feel. Give it to me baby, no one has ever fucked me like this before, you’re so strong, and your cock is so fucking hard. God your cock is so fucking fat, I can feel it deep inside of me. Harder, Harder, faster, fuck me Harder, Fuck me, FUCK ME, GIVE IT TO ME, HARDER, FASTER, FASTER" Harry crammed his cock into me and cried out "NOW, NOW, TAKE IT, TAKE IT, NOW" 

We rocked with my cunt milking every drop from him, I flexed my muscles Harry pulled out and went straight for my pussy. He started sucking my hole and then licking the sides and then he started in on my clit. I wanted to suck is wet cock that he had just pulled out of me. I could not manage to get turned around to do it. When Harry finished he said to Billy 

"You want some more of this Kid?" Billy said, "Yea, she has got to be the hottest woman I have ever seen in my life." I laid there as Billy slowed the truck and pulled off to the side, he and Harry switched places, Billy came back I could not wait for him, I had my fingers working on my clit rubbing it. Billy asked me as he took off his pants "You ever been fucked in your ass Darlin?"

I looked up at him and smiled. I said, "Yes, I have?" 

He then said "Well, you’re about to get fucked again." I started to roll over onto my tummy when he said "Oh, no, I want you on your back, I want to watch that pretty face of yours as I fuck that asshole" 

I raised my legs back and Billy aimed his cock into my ass. I felt it slide in so slowly and filling me, he was giving me the pleasure that my body and mind craved. Once inside he moved my legs onto his shoulders, and I reached up to grab his sides I wasn’t going to let him go until I got my climax from this guy. I started in on Billy. "Oh baby I love your cock, it’s so fucking big, I love the way it makes me feel. 

Give it to me baby, fuck me you bastard, fuck that asshole, no one has ever fucked me like this before no one, your so fucking strong, your cock is so fucking hard. God your cock is so fucking fat, I can feel it deep inside my ass. Harder, Harder Billy, Harder, faster, faster, fuck me Harder, Fuck me, FUCK ME, GIVE IT TO ME, HARDER, FASTER, FASTER, OH JESUS, OH JESUS, FUCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEE" Billy buried his cock and cried out ‘NOW, NOW, TAKE IT, NOW, NOW, NOW, NOWWWWWWWW."

We climaxed and once he finished pumping his sperm in, he pulled out. My legs fell and I just laid there watching him pull up his pants then move to the front. I heard him say "Shit Harry, you have got to do her ass, she is so tight" Harry said back "I can’t fuck that bitch anymore for a while, she’s the first woman that has ever worn me out." I smiled at myself I then asked, "what time is it?" 

Billy said "it’s about 4:42." I then asked "Would it be possible to stop so I can call my secretary. I need to let her know I am not going to be in for a few days" Harry said "We have time, we don’t have to be into the docks till 6 in the morning, we have all kinds of time" I said "good, I also need some new stockings" 

Billy said, "How’s Wal-Mart? There is one here in Temple." 

I said "that’s great, Oh I forgot I locked up my purse in my van, never mind." Billy said "Oh don’t worry about that, I’ll buy them for you, you can call your office while I go get them on the cell phone" I sat on the bed, putting my bra and dress back on. I watched as we pulled off the highway and into the parking lot. We had to park far away from the store, Billy asked my size and I told him, then he told us he would be right back. Harry handed me the cell phone, I called Pam and asked her to cover all my appointments, I was going to be gone for a few days. Pam said she would and that she would miss me. 

When I finished Harry asked me "Where you serious when you said what you did earlier?" I looked at him trying to remember what it was that he was talking about, then it hit me. I said "Oh, sure, I was very serious, if you can figure out a way, you can eat all the cum out of me you want" 

He then said "If I do, you have got to promise not to let Billy know." I said "baby, you just get me fucked, and what you do with me after is just between you, me and my pussy." 

Harry then said "I have an idea that could get you enough cock to keep us both happy." It was at this time Billy opened the door. "I hope you like these, I got one red, one black and one white," He said. I took the package and said Thank you Billy, they will do nicely, I pulled out the white ones and with them both watching I sat on the edge of the bed, opened my legs wide and slowly put one stocking on at a time. I could see their eyes staring at my open dripping hole. 

When I finished, I smiled and said, "you boys ready for some more yet?" Harry said "Not me, but I have an idea, have you ever been to a X rated truck stop baby?" I had, but I said, "no, what are they like?" Billy said, "well, it is sex, just pure sex." I said, "good, I’m game" Harry went into more detail.

Well the one I am thinking about is outside of Waco, it is a sports bar, a pool room, a pinball room, a room that sells sex toys and section where there are video booths that show adult hard core sex movies. Most of the booths have glory holes in them and they show adult sex movies on the TV every where." 

I said, "Well if they show them every where, why do they have the private booths?" Harry said "so the guys can go in and jack off, or use the glory holes." I said "would there be a place I could fuck or suck a guy in there?" Billy said "you bet, we can get you into a booth, and let you work a glory hole." Harry then said "I have a better idea, I think a nice Gang-Bang in the pinball room would work out very nicely. 

We talked for a while and the time passed so quickly, it was about 5:30 when harry pulled into the parking lot of the Truck-Sex shop. (Or cock stop as Phil called it) I could not believe all the cars and trucks there. We stopped and Harry asked "Well, you ready baby, you’re about to have a great time in there, stay close to me, and just follow my lead, OK?" 

I said, "You’re the boss big boy." Billy said "If anyone ask you if you will spend the night with them, let us know so we don’t wait around here all night." I told him "I am sticking with you guys, your taking me to my sisters after we leave here right?" Harry said "right."

As we walked to the front door I saw all kinds of signs. One said XXX Sports/Sex bar. Another said Watch the game; all drinks half price during the game. Another said; No one under 21 allowed (except girls that is.) Another said "private club, members only." The closer I got the more signs I saw. "X-rated Hardcore Adult Sex Films Inside"

"X-rated Hardcore Adult Fun Inside Must Be Member to enter Club Property." I said to myself "My God, this is exactly the kind of place I have been trying to get closed down. Here I was going inside of it in hopes to find sex and lots of it at that" I saw other signs that said they had X-rated toys, Private X-rated Video Booths, and much more. 

We walked in the front door and it was a small room with a huge sign. "Membership required beyond these doors, clothing optional for club members" Harry said to the big lady sitting there "Hi Peg, I brought a friend to see your place" Peg gave me a good look over and asked Harry "Is she a pro?" Harry said "Oh no, she is with me, and is crazy for sex." Peg said, "well, have her read and sign the club rules and have her initial every box. If you boys come to watch the game; the Cowboys are getting their ass’s kicked." 

She handed me a clipboard I looked at it and it said that by my signing the form I agreed to abide by the club rules and failure to do so would cause me to loose my member ship and I would forfeit my club dues for the year. I turned to Peg and asked, "Just what are the club dues anyway?" Harry laughed and said "$1.00 for women, and $12.00 for the men" Peg then said "Hey we have to be 100% legal, that way as a private club, we don’t have to worry about violating the public decency laws." I read and initialed each sentence.

The first one said; I agree not to break any drug laws of this State. I agree not to bring harm to any of my fellow club members. I agree that no means no. I agree not to force anyone to do what I want. I agree not to speak of what happens in the clubhouse to non-club members. I will not ask for or take any money from another club member. I agree to the privacy of my fellow club members. I agree that what I do or see done here is between my fellow club members and myself. I agree to obey every law in this State pertaining to public decency. I realize that this club is not open to the public and is not subject to the public decency laws. 

I read and initialed every line then signed it at the bottom. Harry handed Peg a dollar for the annual dues when two men walked out of the club entrance door and started by us. I heard one man say to the other. 

"It’s her, that’s the redhead I told you about." He stopped turned and asked; "Didn’t I see you Friday at Parson’s café, you’re the little Darlin that loves to be told how lovely your hair is aren’t you? Lets see you like it when we say you have Lovely Red Hair isn’t that it?"

I went through several changes all in micro fraction of a second. I was embarrassed; I was so fucking turned on I just had to fuck a man as soon as I possible. I needed it so bad my tummy hurt. The other guy said, "No way Eddie, this little Darlin is way to lovely to be the woman you told me about" 
