 I could not believe it, they both knew what that did to me, they knew that saying that would make me uncontrollably horny, craving a cock, craving sex, my cunt pulsed and throbbed with desire. I stood there looking at my sister’s apartment building. It had been over 10 years since I last saw her, I knew she had not moved. I also knew she could still be mad at me and this may have not been a good idea. I know it was about 7:30 I stood there not being able to make myself go inside. 

What if she already went to work? What if she wouldn’t let me in? I still had to call Jim, I had to think up something and make it good. I saw the front door open and a man come out. He said "hey Kelly, you just getting back from a date?" I looked at him and saw he was a very handsome man. I also realized that he had mistaken me for my twin sister Kelly. I would have thought that by now one of had changed enough so no one would mix us up again. 

Then he said "You look so hot like that, too bad I have to get to work right now." I instantly knew two things, first he wanted me, and I needed him worse. I said "Oh I am sure you can spare a few minutes for a quickie, after all, what a better way to start off your day." I walked up to him and took his hand, lets go inside, I want you bad Darlin, can you handle a hot piece of ass or are you nothing but talk?" 

He said "Kelly you know you love my cock, lets get inside before Mary sees us talking" he unlocked the door and we went inside, as the door closed I turned and kissed him. I started rubbing his cock through his pants and it was already hard. 

He said "My god Kelly I have never seen you this hot, lets go up to your apartment" 

I said "No, I want you here, right here and now." I unzipped his pants knelt and took his cock in my mouth.

I heard him moan and say "Oh shit Kelly, not here, what if somebody comes?" 

I stopped, looked up and said "I want somebody to come, I want you to come real hard."

He managed to pull me off his cock and walk me down the side stairs at the bottom of the steps we turned a corner and I said, "right here, I want you to fuck me right here, right now." 

I turned around and bent over, he lifted the back of my dress and I felt his cock touch my cunt, I said, "want to fuck my ass baby?" 

He said "sure Kelly, you know how much I have wanted that, Jesus, what has gotten into you, I have never seen you like this." 

I said real quick and blunt "If you don’t shut up and fuck me, you are the one that won’t be getting into me, now fuck me." 

I felt him slide into my asshole. I moaned as he filled me. I could barley breath let alone speak; however I did manage to say. "When you come, let me know by saying "now" do you understand, say "Now" when you come." I heard him grunt and pound into my asshole, our skin was slapping and I was getting a bit loud. And he started saying "Shhhh, Shhhhh, someone might hear you." 

I felt his hand on my mouth and cover it. I could not help it; I was lost to my lust. I felt him start to shoot his sperm and I twisted my head to free my mouth. I said "Say it, say it you bastard, say it." 

He did, he said "Now, Now, Now, OH Shit, Oh Kelly Now, Now baby"

I shuddered and I am sure my eyes rolled up behind my head. I was lost in the pleasure of this nasty sex here in the stairwell, with the possibility of getting caught. I felt him finish and he pulled back catching his breath. I turned and stood in front of him. We kissed and he said "Jesus Kelly what happen to you, I have never seen you this way in all the years I’ve known you." 

I smiled at him and said "Sorry baby, I’m not Kelly, I’m her twin sister, my name is Marline, I am mighty glad to fuck you.. I mean meet you." 

He was stunned, he looked at me and said "Come on Kelly this is Jack, you know me, we’ve been screwing for 7-8 years now, I know you, quit your kidding." 

I said "Oh I’m Marline alright Jack, I was trying to get up the nerve to go up to see Kelly when you made your most welcome offer." 

He asked, "what offer?" I said "to fuck me silly, now you better get off to work, I have got to go see my sister, do you know what time she leaves for work by chance?" 

Jack just looked at me and said; "She leaves about 10 or something. My god, you even sound like her when you talk, she never said a word about you." 

I said "that’s ok, I never told anybody about her either." I turned and walked up the stairs. I found her door and knocked. I waited and finely heard footsteps. I waited and saw she had looked through the peephole. I heard the door unlock and I saw myself standing in front of me. Kelly was wearing a very short white baby doll top with nothing else. 

"What are you doing here?" she said as she walked away from the door with me following. I closed the door and said "Kelly, I am sorry, I am so sorry, I need your help, only you can help me."

I followed her to her kitchen and she started making coffee. She said "You have some fucking nerve coming here, I thought you said I was dead, that you did not have a sister anymore." I hung my head, my mind was spinning, I wanted to talk to Kelly, I needed her help, and I was sitting there craving sex, craving cock. 

I said nothing she continued "You said you did not want me at your wedding, and if I know you well enough, I would bet everything I have that you never even told your fucking priest husband that I even existed did you?" I looked up and said "Yes, I told him I had a sister, I did not tell him we where identical twins."

"Oh really, then how did you explain why I have never came to meet him?’ I replied "I told him you where busy going to school, and after awhile he stopped asking." She said, "So what the hell happen that you came here to see me and ask for my fucking help, and what on earth makes you even think I would even want to help you after the way you have treated me all your fucking life?" 


I started to cry and Kelly came over and held my shoulder saying "Oh come on Marline, I don’t know what it is, but it sure as hell isn’t that fucking bad." I cried even more. Kelly went and poured herself a cup of coffee then came back to the table and sat down. I kept saying "I am so sorry, so sorry" 

I do not know how many times I said it but I think Kelly got tired of hearing it finely she said "Ok, Ok, your fucking sorry, now what has happen, did you and your priest break up? Are you getting a divorce?" 

With those words I began to sob and sob, somewhere in between I managed to say, "No, I don’t think so, I hope not." She got up and poured me a cup of coffee and told me to drink it, and to calm down. I did and finely managed to stop crying. Kelly asked "Ok kid, out with it, I have to start getting ready for work soon, I can’t be playing this game all day." 

I started and it was all a mess, she stopped me and said "Look Marline, start at the beginning, I can’t help you if I don’t know what it is that is wrong." I started again telling her how I was driving to a meeting in Abilene and how my van broke down. I told her all about them drugging me and hypnotizing me and that they made over 50 sex movies of me doing all kinds of sick things. I told her that they have turned me into a sex craving manic desiring nasty sick sex all the time and the nastier it was, the more that I craved it.

I told her how they had a trigger word to set me off and turn me on to a point that I had no control over my own will. She wanted details also asked how I got here. I told her every thing including the trip to the park, the sex with my dog and my secretary. I told her about the truck drivers I had screwed and the last person I screwed in her building down in the stair well. Kelly said, "You screwed Jack? You are a fucking whore, you fucked Jack?" I told her I could not help it, I told her he was a man, and I had no idea that he even knew her. I lied, I know, I had to, I told her it was only afterwards that I found out that he knew her.

It helped some, but she was still pissed about it. She said "Ok, wait a minute, I have to call my boss." She went to the phone called her boss and said "Hey Peter, I have 8 appointment today, I need to take a couple days off and help out my sister in Austin. Yes, I’ll keep my appointments, Ok, yes, I understand, I’ll stop by later with the contracts."

Kelly turned to me after she hung up the phone and said, "Ok sister, I’ll help you but you are first going to pay for all those years you called me a whore and slut. I can fix this for you, it is easy, but you are going to pay for my help and pay it in advance. You are going to do everything I tell you to do today with no questions and no objections. You are going to be my personal fucking whore. You will be giving your pussy to anyone and to everyone that I tell you too. Remember how you said I made you sick because I fucked all the boys at school and you where a little miss prude? Well sister dear, you are going to pay for all those years. You will meet all of my conditions and only then, will I fix this for you, understand Marline? 

I said, "I understand, what are those conditions?" She said "For starters, you are going to dress up like the fucking whore that you are, you will go with me to my 8 appointments and you will fuck my clients or suck my clients or I just may have you do both. You will do what ever it takes to get the contracts that I need signed. If I don’t get a contract signed I don’t go to Austin to help you out of this fucking mess you are in. Like I said earlier, If I see a guy or a girl I just might tell you to fuck them or to eat them. You will do just that. And by the way, plan to walk bowlegged for a few days, you are going to get fucked so much you will have trouble walking straight. You will be eating me a lot for the next few days, and one last thing. 

One other thing dear, when we get to Austin, you will work with me and you will help me to fuck my brother-in-law, (your minister husband.) You will help me make sure that he thinks it is you that he is fucking. You are going to be hidden and you will watch him fuck me. Knowing you, and your sexual state that you are now in, well you will most likely get so fucking turned on and so fucking horny when you watch your husband fucking your sweet sister that you will be fucking yourself like crazy wishing it was you."

I cried, and cried then I said, "no, please, you can’t make me do that, I need your help to keep my marriage and my life together, not that please. I do need to get out of this mess but please, he’s my husband, please, don’t make me do this?" Kelly laughed and said "Ok, fine, I’ll just call your husband and tell him to come up here and pick up his fucking slut for a wife up. I’ll let him know where he can get some real good home made fuck movies of his bitch of a wife being gang fucked and begging for more cock." 

I started sobbing and crying. Then she said "what about it Bitch, do you and your "Lovely Red Hair" really want that husband of yours to come here and pick you up?" I sobbed and my body turned on me, I was hot as hell when I got here, and with all the talking, I cooled down, here my sister said the trigger word, I was sorry I told her that part. I never thought she of all people would use them on me. I managed to say "No, please, I’ll do it, I’ll be your fucking slut." 

She said, "I thought you might say that, now get over here and lick your sister, you have turned me on with all this nasty talk of sex." I moved from my chair and knelt in front of her, she opened her legs and she was sopping wet. 

As my lips licked and tugged on her clit, she said, "Oh yes, Oh darling, you do know how to make a gal feel good. That’s it Marline, suck me baby, suck the pussy that fucked every boyfriend you ever had, lick the hole that your precious Charlie could not get enough of." All my life I knew she was fucking every boyfriend that I ever had. I knew that she when she did fuck my boyfriends that she would make sure that they thought it was me they were fucking. 

And when they actually did try it with me I would end up turning them down. Then when I would not do it with them, well they just dropped me. No wonder all the boys’ thought I was crazy nut case at school. I licked her wet pussy with love, I loved her cunt, and I loved her nasty pussy that had fucked all my boyfriends. I wanted to make that pussy climax. I needed that pussy top climax. 

It did not take long, Kelly sat there moving her hips and rubbing herself against my mouth. Her ass was on the edge of the chair and her legs wide open. She help me to herself as she rocked in a climax, I had told her how I needed to hear the word "now" in order to climax, I was sure she would let me climax with her. I was wrong; she ground herself into my mouth as she cried out in ecstasy. Saying everything nasty except the one word that I needed to hear to climax myself.

When she finished she pushed my head back so hard I lost my balance and ended up on my ass on the floor. Kelly got up and said "Not bad Marline, Oh yes, I forgot, you need to be called by your right name don’t you sweet sister, lets see, Bitch, cunt, slut, all those words turn you on don’t they? Your just a fucking whore that can’t get enough cock, get up off your ass and come into the bedroom, were going to dress you in your proper attire suitable for a fucking slut like you."

I got up and followed her to the bedroom. Kelly said "I’m going to take a shower, you can use the guest bath and take one also. Meet me here when you finish, and I’ll have your cloths ready for you. I went in and took my needed shower; I cleaned the outside of both of my holes. As much as I rubbed my clit and fingered myself in the shower, I could not get my much-needed climax. I looked all around the bathroom for something anything to use to fuck myself. All I could find was the stool brush.

I know I needed two things in me at the same time, so I did not even bother to use it. I finished and returned to the bedroom. Kelly was also drying her hair as I walked in drying mine. We looked at each other and I realized that we even dried our hair the same way. Hers was the same length as mine and it amazed me that after all these years nothing had changed about us in the slightest way. I looked at the bed and there was a very short red leather skirt, black fish net hose, black garter belt, and white short top. And a pair of white high heels.

Kelly said "that’s for you, put them on." I asked "what about a bra and panties?" Kelly said "You told me you can’t wear panties but if you want, pick a pair from this drawer, as for the bra, forget it, I want you r tits free and available for people to touch and feel." I went to the drawer opened it and saw all kinds of kinky sexy panties, I looked at them and could not make my hand reach in and pick one up so I didn’t.

Kelly saw me and said "I thought so, now get dressed, our first appointment is in half an hour, and I want him to see you are w fucking slut that will fuck him crazy only if he signs with me. Get dressed." I went over to the bed; I was so fucking excited, so turned on. Kelly was treating me so bad, and it drove me crazy with lust and desire. When I finished getting dressed. 

I stood there, I know exactly what I looked like, I looked just like a streetwalker, one of the women on 3rd street that walked the street. The top of my stockings showed as well as the garter straps holding them. I knew that the back of the skirt barley covered my ass cheeks. Kelly said, "My, you do look like a whore all right, come on bitch, you have work to do." I looked at Kelly and she was dressed so conservatively, she had a lovely suit on, her hair was perfect, the skirt went down past her knees. Looking at her you would think it was me just 5 days ago.

We went down to her car and it was a small Honda, I knew that when I got in, I could not help but show myself no matter what I tried to do to stop from showing myself. Kelly drove a few blocks and pulled into a 76 gas station up to the full service pump. Some pimple face young kid came out; he went to Kelly’s side and asked "fill it up lady?" Kelly said "sure kid, and make sure you clean the windshield, pointing over to the window in front of me she said "there is a spot over there that I can’t get off, maybe you can try." 

I could not see the guys face because I was sitting so low, but I knew he could see me and my white thighs showing above my stockings and my very short skirt. He said in a shaking voice "Yes mama, I’ll clean it real good for you." He put the gas hose in and while he did, Kelly said "Open your legs and let him see that nasty cunt of yours Marline, when I tell you, reach down and rub your clit. Then when I tell you, I want you to ask him for the key to the bathroom, and ask him if he could help you with a problem you have." 

I sat there, my sister was so nasty, I was shocked, and I was excited and so fucking hot. I did exactly what she said. I waited for him to start cleaning the window in front of me. When he started, I opened my legs very slowly, it was apparent to me and to Kelly that his eyes where on my pussy. Kelly said, "wider, open up for the guy you slut." I swear my blood was boiling I opened my legs and I did not wait for Kelly to tell me to touch myself. I reached down and started rubbing my clit; I did that for a few moments then I slid first one then two fingers into myself. I brought them out and brought them to my mouth where I sucked them as if they where a cock. Kelly said "look at his crotch, you got him hard as a rock." I looked and she was right, he was hard all right.

She said "ok, sister, go fuck him, I want you to empty that cock of his." I closed my legs, opened the door and asked him, where could I go to get fucked real good?" He was shocked, he could hardly speak, I looked at him and said, do you have a bathroom some place I could go and maybe you could help me out?" he said, "I don’t have any money lady." 

I said "That’s ok kid, It’s free provided you know how to use that thing of yours." 

We both heard the gas shut off, he ran around to put the hose up. Kelly paid him and said "I’ll wait over here while you take care of my sister, I think she wants a fill up also" I walked over to the ladies room and watched as he almost ran over to me. I opened the door and he followed me in. I did not wait, I was ready, I needed him, and he was as bad as I was. 

I bent over pulled up my tight skirt and he plugged my wet hole in one swift movement. He started pounding into me and I managed to tell him to tell me "now" when he was coming, and to bury it deep in me when he came. I heard him tell me those magic words "Now, Now, Now" I started coming instantly. He held me tight as he came. When he finished he pulled out and said "thank you lady, thank you." He zipped himself up and left, I pulled down my tight skirt and walked out. Kelly places a towel on my seat and I sat back down inside.

"Nice" she said, "one down, many, many more to go." We drove about 20 minutes before pulling up to an office building. I turned and asked, "what is it that you sell?" Kelly said "Oh just office equipment, copiers, fax’s stuff like that, I lease them to the offices" now just follow my lead, and prepare to be the cock sucking slut that you are. Sit across from the person I end up talking too. Just slowly keep crossing your legs, when I tell them that there is a rebate if they sign today. That is when you are to open your legs wide and show them your nasty red cum filled pussy" 

We walked in and Kelly said we had an appointment with Mr. Zeldon, She looked at both of us and asked, "are you two twins?" Kelly said Yes, but we are nothing alike, as you can see, she is well lets just say a friendly woman, I have to take her to the station from here, can I see Mr. Sheldon?" The lady said Sure, go on in, he has been expecting you, we like that new copier you loaned us." Kelly walked in his office and I followed, She closed the door and introduced me as her twin sister the "black sheep" of the family. 
