 Kelly was right about her boss, I was on the floor of his office fucking and sucking every man in her office. Almost all of them called me Kelly. And I told every man fucking me to let me know when he was going to cum. I wanted to make it real good for him (well myself.) I would fuck one and suck another then they asked me what gave me the most pleasure. I could not help myself I said it before I could stop my mouth from working I said "I love to double fuck and suck a cock." Well we did it, I fucked them all with my clothes on and when the last man finished he left the room. Peter said "Well honey, did you get enough your sister isn’t back yet, if you want I can go get some guys off the street I mean I don’t want you to leave here thinking that we don’t care." He laughed and moved to the couch. I had cum dripping from my ass and my pussy. I started to sit down and Peter said "No, Oh no, go in and clean yourself up, I don’t want any stains on my leather couch.

I went into his bathroom and I heard Kelly return. I heard her ask "where is my sister Peter?" with a forceful voice. He said "Oh she went into the bathroom she had to pee or something, did you get everything done?" Kelly said "yes, I hope she was no trouble, I mean she was well taken care of wasn’t she you didn’t take advantage of her did you?’ Peter said "Oh no, you know me, I promise you that she never left this room. She has been a doll." I walked back in as he said that and he said "Now Marline tell your lovely sister how you where no trouble at all." I looked at her and said, "I don’t know how it could have been any better to tell you the truth."

Kelly said "my dear you look all aglow, we need to get going she took my hand and we started to walk out. I stopped turned and went pack to Peter I gave him a very hot wet kiss and I said "Thank you and tell the boys thanks too." I turned and went back to my sister. I giggled as we walked out side. She asked, "Well was I right, did he do it?" I said "Yep, you where right, he did it and then he got all the men in there. I am glad you did not hurry, are your bags packed can we leave now?" She said "I borrowed this Van, it is all packed and we are off."

It was only an hours drive back home, just out side of Austin, Kelly stopped at a real nice Howard Johnson’s. We got a room and I was close to tears again thinking of what was going to happen here. After entering the room Kelly said "Look Marline, it is almost over you have this one last thing to do and by noon tomorrow I’ll have everything fixed. Fuck this up now and I’ll just head back home and you just keep lusting after men’s cocks it is up to you." I looked at her and said "OK, lets get this over with, what do you want me to do?" Kelly said "First call hubby and tell him you are back and that you want to have an intimate encounter here. Tell him you are hot and waiting for him. Tell him to call you from down stairs and the door will be unlocked. Lets see, tell him to come in and expect the best love making session of his life. Tell him nothing is too nasty tonight." 

I asked "what about me?" Kelly said "you my dear will be sitting on a chair in that little closet, you will stay there until I take your husband into the shower. Then when we are there you will go out and sleep in the van until I come get you in the morning. Then when your hubby has gone to work in the morning, you and I will go settle this little blackmail matter. This time tomorrow everything should be back to normal." I looked at her almost in tears, I wanted to scream at her and tell her NO, NO, NO but I knew I could not. I had to stop this sick sex cycle I was stuck in. I had to stop this blackmail, and I did do everything she had asked me to get to this point. I looked at her and said "OK, I’ll call him but do I really have to watch? I mean to be honest, I really don’t want to watch my husband make love to you, can’t I just wait in the van or something?" 

Kelly said "Dear sister don’t you get it, we are not going to make love, we are going to fuck, when he goes home in the morning it will be after we have fucked very way possible. I want you to watch your husband get the best piece of ass that he will ever get in his entire life. I want you to watch and hear him as I take him to places you can never take him. I want you to hear from his lips that he loves me, and that he loves fucking me, besides you just may learn something." I just looked at her and picked up the phone. I it rang three times before Jim answered. I said, "Hi honey, I’m back in town now, I’m at Howard Johnson’s Room 215, I thought we could do something different and maybe pretend oh I don’t know maybe this was a bad idea. Do you want me to just come home or do you think this could be fun?" I waited almost hoping he would say come home. But he didn’t he said, "That sounds great I’ll be there in 30 minutes." I said "When you get here, use the house phone and call me in my room before you come up stairs. I want to give you a real nice surprise." He said he would and we both hung up.

I told Kelly that Jim was on his way. Kelly grabbed the vanity stool and placed it in the very small closet. I barley could sit there and close the slatted doors. Kelly wanted to make sure I could see the bed clearly, and I could. I wanted to change cloths and get more comfortable because I knew I would be put through a lot of torture watching Jim and Kelly having sex. The only thing she would agree to was that I could take off the garter and stockings. So I was to sit there in my short skirt and blouse. I also knew that watching them could sexually turn me on because I am know Jim and he likes to talk to me when we make love. I just know I am going to get so hot I will have to do something to help get myself off. I got took off my stocking and garter then I went into the bathroom and looked around for something to maybe help me. I found a nice shampoo bottle I was very thankful it was not one of those small tiny bottles. 

I slipped it inside my waistband and when Kelly was not looking I placed it in the closet. When the phone rang I thought I was going to jump out of my skin. Kelly answered it and with a vary sexy voice she said "Hi baby, come up the door will be unlocked, come in and be prepared for the best sex of your life. Oh yea, I am hot, how can you tell? No I did not watch any more of those sex videos, It has been too long since I last seen you and we have a few days to make up for. Now stop your talking and get your ass up here." I went and sat in the closet on the stool. Kelly walked over closed the doors and said "Not any noise, you blow this and I’ll be happy, I’ll still fuck your husband and you will still be hooked and blackmailed, are you going to be quite?" I looked out through the slats and said "I understand and you won’t hear anything from me."

Kelly laid on the bed and asked, "Do you have a clear view? Can you see everything?" 

I answered her and said, "Yes, I see everything." Then we both heard footsteps to the door. Kelly laid on her back in her sexy baby dolls with her open crotch panties; she raised and opened her legs, exposing her glistening pussy. She put her right hand down to her clit and started to rub, with her left hand she started to work one of her nipples, she began to masturbate. I could not see the door but I heard it open and I watched as Jim walked past my doors. I heard Kelly say, "Hi honey. I think you made it on time, I hope you don’t mind baby, but thinking of your hard dick just turned me on so much I had to start with out you, do you mind sweetheart?’ Jim started tearing out of his cloths and said "Oh no, Please I want to watch you." I sat there right at the edge of tears when Kelly said "Tell me that I have lovely hair dear, I want to hear you say that." Jim said "Oh baby, you have such lovely hair, I love every bit of you." I wanted to scream I wanted to burst out of the closet and cry out WHY, WHY did you do that." 

I know why she did it, it was to torture me, and I was in instant sexual heat. I automatically craved a man’s cock and all I could do was watch my husband fuck my sister. I was so glad I snuck in the bottle so I could at least fuck myself. I sat there with my eyes glued to the slats not wanting to miss any nasty thing that they did. I watched as Kelly rubbed her clit and she said "Oh baby, I love that cock of yours, it is so big, it is the most lovely thing I have ever seen. Stroke it baby, faster, faster baby, That’s it sweetheart, yes, good, good, God it is getting so big, come here honey, let me wrap my mouth around it, let me suck it for you honey, come finger me as I suck you off."

I watched as Jim moved to the side of the bed and Kelly slid over to the side. He reached down and replaced her fingers with his as she grabbed his cock and took him in her mouth. I watched as Jim was going wild fingering her and as she ground her self up against his fingers as he fucked her. He was moaning loud and she was grunting. I started to pray "Please say "now", please say "now", I need to hear the word "now". Then I heard "Oh yea, oh honey, oh baby I’m going to come. I’m going to come." He grunted and arched his hips forward against Kelly’s mouth and let go with is sperm. Kelly moaned and ground her cunt up hard against his hand.

I was rubbing my clit and I had the bottle sliding in and out of my open pussy. I was working hard to try and get a climax myself with no results. My whole body ached hard for it but Jim or Kelly had not said the magic word for me. I watched as Kelly lovingly sucked every drop from my husband and as Jim just through back his head enjoying my sister’s mouth working on him. I reached for my breast to help stimulate my own pleasure hoping the additional pleasure would help me, it did not. Jim finely pulled back and sat on the bed he said "My god Marline I have never seen you like this." Kelly asked "Do you like me like this? I mean I kind of like acting like a bad girl when I am with you, I like doing these kind of nasty things, do you think I am bad wanting this dear?" 

Jim leaned over and gently kissed her then said "Honey I love it when you act nice and dirty in bed, I fantasize of things like that now and then." Shit Kelly jumped on those words with both feet, she held on to his cock and moved over pulling him next to her. Then she said "Oh baby, that turns me on, it gets me wet as can be, I fantasize allot and I want to hear what you fantasize about, do you think of juicy nasty things? Do you think of fucking other women? I mean it is only a fantasy and besides as you know it is natural to think of other women. I don’t mind. All I want from you is this lovely hard cock fucking me hard, fucking me deep and fucking me often.

"I want to know every woman you have fantasized about baby, tell me, and I’ll tell you about my dirty thoughts." Kelly was going too far, I know Jim, he would explode any minute, I know Jim and he never would think about anything like that not my husband. Kelly kept stroking his cock and Jim was now fingering her as she had her legs open facing me and I could see his fingers and her open hole. Jim said "Oh honey are you sure, I mean do you really want to know that, wouldn’t it be better to just keep those kind of things to our selves?" Kelly said "no honey, I want to know I want to pretend I am whoever it is you want to fuck with this lovely hard cock of yours"

Jim moaned and said "Well I’ll tell you one and then you tell me." Kelly said "no fare, I am sure I fantasize much more than you do, I mean every since I was a little girl I have did things in my mind that I would never do in real life." Jim said tell me, tell me." Kelly said, "I fantasize that I am with a man that calls me dirty names." Jim interrupted and asked "What kind of names?" Kelly said, "I want to be called a "cunt", "bitch", "whore", "slut" things like that. I think of a man fucking me in all my holes, and I crave being gang-banged." Jim groaned and started sucking Kelly’s tit’s she went on and said "during church when you have a long sermon, I will look at a man and think of some nasty dirty thing to do to him or him to me." 

Again Jim moaned and broke his kissing and sucking long enough to say "who" Kelly said "oh no, I don’t want you mad at anyone, it is only a fantasy." Jim stopped and said "You tell me honey and I’ll tell you who I think about." Kelly said "are you sure, I mean right now you are hot, turned on and hard as a rock, but later you could get mad and this could all turn on both of us." Jim said, "I’m sure, I will not get mad and besides I think of things like that also, who tell me." 

I sat there listening to them and I could not believe Jim. I could not believe that he ever thought like that. Besides Kelly did not know the men’s names in the congregation. Kelly said "you know "Jim, Last week I pretended that he came to my office to talk and I fantasized that he came in and made me suck his cock, he then bent me over my desk and fucked me in my ass." Jim was fingering her wild and asked "Jim, you mean Jim baker or Jim Thomas?" Kelly asked "Does it matter, do you really care?" Jim was humping her hand and said, "No, I don’t care." Then Kelly said, "I think of them both fucking me all the time. Now who do you think about?"

Jim said "I think of fucking your secretary Pam, she is so hot." Kelly asked, "Do you think of her sucking this lovely hard cock of yours?" Jim groaned but did not answer. Kelly said, "come on baby, talk to me, tell me, do you ever think of her wrapping her mouth around this cock of yours?" Jim said "yes" Kelly, asked "do you ever think about fucking her with this in her hot little pussy?" Jim moaned and said "yea." Kelly kept after him, "Do you ever think of sliding this up her ass and make her scream with pleasure begging for more?" Jim moaned as he was right at the edge of a climax and said, "Yea, yea, I do." Kelly asked "who else, who else do you think about putting this lovely hard cock of yours into? And where?" Jim moaned and humped her hand as he said "Oh honey no one, no one but you Marline." 

Kelly said "you liar, tell me or I stop and you can go home." 

Jim moaned and said "Cheryl I think of Cheryl a lot." 

Kelly kept up her verbal attack and asked "Cheryl, do you think of fucking her mouth, her ass or her hot pussy?" 

Jim said "All of them, I think of fucking her in all her openings." 

Kelly then said "I have fantasized that I am fucking a lot of men with you watching me take on all comers, want to hear about it or is that to nasty?"

Jim said "Tell me, tell me please, I want to hear about your dirty thoughts. I could not believe Jim would say that.

Kelly said "well it always starts with me working in the kitchen at church and someone knocks on the back door, I open it and there are three men (always black) asking for some food. I invite them in and I lay on the table open my legs and invite them to eat me. They do and they start fucking me one after another, I take their big black cocks. I take them all in my cunt at first and then I take them all in my asshole and finely in my mouth. Then I straddle one with in my pussy while another moves in behind us in my ass and I take the third in my mouth. I always come over and over and over."

I watch as Jim was humping hard and fast in Kelly’s hand and groaned out loud as he came. Kelly said "That’s it baby, that’s it sweetheart, come for me, come for your little slut. Come for me baby, see me being gang-banged by those three nasty black men baby?" Jim was going nuts as his body jerked, I started to try and climax myself, I closed my eyes and said very softly to myself "Fuck me I love it, fuck me I love it, fuck me I love it. It took all ten times before I could feel any kind of climax relief. I shuddered with a hard climax and the minute it was over my body craved another. I reached down and put a finger under me and inside my ass. I was afraid I would make too much noise and spoil everything going on in the room on the bed, but I didn’t.

When I looked back to the bed Jim was now on his back and Kelly was slurping on his dick. He had his hands in her hair moaning. I heard him say "Honey, I don’t think you can get him hard right now, you wore me out too fast baby." Kelly stopped sucking his cock turned and said to him "Tell you what darling, you lay there close your eyes, think of Pam, think she is here hot as hell wanting your lovely cock. Think of how it is going to feel fucking her hot pussy with this log of yours, Oh my darling your already getting hard, I better get back to work. I’ll be your hot Pam I want you to talk dirty to me I’m your nasty fantasy slut. Make me boil with your dirty talk. You my dear will be one of my dirty little fantasies." Kelly bent down and took Jim’s cock back into her mouth slurping and making the loudest sucking noises.

Jim was talking to her "Pam baby, suck that cock you cunt, play with my balls. Oh you slut, your mouth is heaven, pure heaven. You make me so hard, I can’t believe you have made me hard three times Marline." Kelly pulled up fast and said "Honey, if you play right you get everything you want, if you can’t play right, you can just jack off, I am Pam remember, I am your wife’s secretary I am the woman you dream about when you fuck your wife. Now tell me tell you that think about me and when and what." She bent back down and took him in her mouth again. Jim moaned as she did and said "Oh Pam baby I love your mouth, I dream of that mouth when my wife sucks me, I dream I am eating your pussy when you are sucking me."

Kelly turned herself around and knelt over his mouth then lowered herself to his mouth. It was hard to hear Jim as he talked to her and ate her at the same time. I could see his cock and it looked so big, I mean it looked huge. I could see his big vein and he was so hard. Kelly turned around and straddled his hips grabbing his cock I watched as she guided his stiff cock into her. I heard him say, "That’s it Pam put that fat cock in you fuck me baby." Kelly said "I ‘m going to fuck you better than your wife, I love your cock and it is made for my pussy, Hummmmmmm that’s it God your so big, I love it in me, Ohhhhhh yea, it is the hardest cock I have ever felt in my nasty hole." Jim picked up on that and said "I bet you fuck a lot of men with that nasty cunt and I know you love it don’t you Pam?" Kelly said "more than you could ever know, I fuck men all the time, but no man has a cock like this, no man makes me feel like a woman the way you do Jimmy."

I watched as Kelly was bouncing up and down on Jim’s cock. I thought for sure that it was going to come all the way out several times. Kelly said "reach up and work my tit’s, work my nipples." She was going fast and hard riding his dick. Finely she leaned forward and they kissed they kissed hard and with passion that Jim and I never had. Kelly was fucking Jim faster and hard as they ground against each other. I could see Jim’s ball churn and move as he was getting ready to shoot his stuff into my twin sister. 

They both groaned out loud as they came together and Kelly kept moving her ass up and down. I could see their cum mixed together running down his pulsing dick. I know that if it were me fucking him, I would just stop and grind hard against him getting every drop deep inside of me. But what Kelly was doing looked like she was milking him. What made me jealous was that Jim loved it, I know Jim and I know I never in my wildest could make him feel like my twin sister was making him feel right now. I was also on fire and I was on my knees chanting to myself as I masturbated and fucked myself over and over "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." After the 10th time I did get my climax. And I knelt there rocking and shaking in my bliss.

Finely the two of them stopped and Jim looked like he was drained. Kelly said "Come on my darling, my sweet husband, lets get up and take a shower, I am still turned on with all this dirty talk. You have turned me on more than I have ever been in my life. I feel like a changed woman." Jim said "I never want you to change, I love this new woman, I love this wicked lady I have for my wife." They slowly got up and they went into the bathroom Kelly closed the door and in a minute she opened it. I could hear the shower running and Jim in there. Kelly said, "I’ll be right back dear I want to order us some food, you’re going to need your strength for our next round." 
