 James and Louise, both in their early 30's, had been together for almost 10 years and married for 3. None the less, the itch was beginning to settle. That was until they had both set some time aside, packed the kids off to grandma's for a night and made the most of it with a night of passion, love and lots of amazing sex.

After that night, they vowed to make the time for a similar experience at least once a month, to keep the spark alive. A few months after that first amazing night, James decided it was time to ramp it up, by giving his wife one of her ultimate fantasies. She had mentioned it the first night, and there were hints dropped both way since, but this month, it was all set.

Not that Louise new it, but someone else would be joining them this time, and she had no idea.

Same as every time before, they arranged for the kids to got to their grandma's for the night. Usually it would start with a meal and go on from there. This time however, James had already planned a session at the gym with a friend. Before he left the house, and before Louise had even left work yet, he left her a note with a set of instructions.

The note was left on the bed next to a very sexy looking set of matching underwear. Red, lacy, and left hardly anything to the imagination, and the blindfold they got for their first time, which had become a bit of favorite of them both.

"My darling wife, i took the liberty of getting you something special ready for tonight, as tonight, you will be getting a special treat. While i am at the gym, i would like you to get fresh and showered, try on your new underwear, and feel free to watch some 'adult entertainment' to get you warmed up, but NO cumming until i get back.

I will text you when i am leaving and would like you stood at end of the bed, with your new underwear and the blindfold on, and leave the rest to me

Love you

x x x

This was bound to get her so worked up before they even started, Louise did have a very active imagination.

Shortly after James left to meet his friend at the gym, Louise arrived home, not expecting to find some kinky new underwear and a note that would instantly get her heart racing and her pussy begin to get slightly wet at the thought.

Any number of possibilities and scenarios were now going through her head. She wasted no time in stripping off and getting in the shower, with tonight's surprise the only thing on her mind.

When she got out of the shower, she tried on the new kinky underwear her husband had bought her, and relaxed on the bed with the iPad and went to her favorite go-to site, Literotica, with unlimited sexy short stories, which always did it for her. She read a few about different topics and positions, still wondering what the big surprise could be and getting very wet at the thought that any of them could happen to her very shortly.

She began to touch herself lightly between her legs, but not too much, not enough to bring on an orgasm, but enough to really stimulate the juices.

She was just getting to a very good bit about a woman being pleasured to two guys, when

*beep beep*

She picked up her phone to find the long awaited text from James to say he was just leaving the gym and hopes she liked his present. She told him it was amazing and felt so sexy and kinky wearing them and couldn't wait to show him

"Glad you like it dear, we will see you at the end of the bed shortly x x x"

'WE!'

Had she read that right? Was it a typo?

Her mind went into overdrive, could he really be bringing someone else into their session? The thought instantly got the juices flowing, her heart racing and a big Cheshire Cat grin crossed her face as she lightly bit her bottom lip, thinking if it may be true.

She quickly put the iPad away, got to the end of the bed and delicately tied the blindfold behind her head. She knew the gym wasn't far, so he wouldn't be long. She could feel the juices of her sex, already lubricating her pussy for the onslaught she was hoping for.

*click*

That was the front door, she could slightly hear a muffled voice, and then the sound of a "shh". There was some shuffling downstairs, probably them getting undressed, then footsteps on the stairs, it definitely sounded like two sets. Then, at last, the familiar slight creak of the bedroom door. She stood up straight, but also tried to make herself look seductive. She was nervous, but also excited.

"Wow!! You look amazing dear" came James' voice, but no other. She could hear him move over to her, walk around her, no doubt taking in all her beauty as she stood there in just a small red lacy bra and thong panties, and a blindfold.

She could feel the warmth coming from his body along her left arm, felt his hand touch her belly, and along her back, then his lips on the side of her neck, as he whispered softly 

"this will be a night to remember"

That instantly sent a shiver down her spine, the good kind, and all the way to her already moist sex, just waiting to be given some attention.

That's when she heard it, a slight shuffle of feet on the carpet, then a slight emanating warmth on her right arm too, another hand on her belly and one on her bare ass cheek, and another set of lips, lightly kissing her on the other side of her neck.

OMG! was all she could think

She let slip a slight moan of pleasure and excitement, as she was being touched up and necked on both sides by two guys. She felt both of her hands being guided to two naked and rock hard penis'. Both were solid, about the same size, the one she thought was James' felt slightly larger.

She began massaging them both, up and down, in rhythm. Their hands were now wandering, they were on both her ass cheeks and her breasts. Then, her bra was being undone, setting her breasts free as she let go of the two hard cocks just long enough to let it fall to the floor. There were now two sets of lips, sucking on her erect nipples, feeling so amazing, as one of the pairs of hand began to lower the tiny thong to the floor.

She now knew she was naked, apart from the blindfold, in front of her husband, and another unknown man. The thought was exhilarating.

One of hands on her front moved south, past her belly and between her legs,over her trimmed pubic mound and began circling her clit before pushing a finger inside her waiting moist sex. She spread her legs slightly to allow access.

At this time, a hand on her ass also began moving south. Between her ass crack, and a finger began circling her puckered rosebud, delicately, lovingly, then, with a little bit of pressure, pushed past her tight sphincter and in her ass.

A finger in her cunt, a finger in her ass, and she had no idea which hand was who's.

She was in heaven.

Both fingers were moving in and out at a nice steady pace, opposite each other. She was still massaging both cocks when she felt both bodies shift around her until she could sense one in front of her and one behind.

Next thing she felt was a tongue, circling around her clit while another was circling her asshole. Probing both of her holes at the same time. She grabbed the hair of the person in front, no idea who it was now, and push them into her, enjoying the sensation coming at her from her two most sensitive areas like a constant battle between which sensation felt the most overpowering.

After a minute or so, she couldn't wait any longer.

"I want your cocks in my mouth" she said, trying to sound seductive, but also authoritative.

They weren't going to argue. They stood up, either side of her, as she got down onto her knees, found their cocks, and took one all the way to the back of her throat, sucking hard while massaging the other. with her hand.

She had no idea anymore who's shaft she had in her mouth and who's was in her hand, which only added to the kinkiness of it all.

She continued sucking one while tossing the other, switching every 20 seconds or so, until her jaw was beginning to ache, as well as the rest of her.

James and his friend could tell she ready to be fucked. They helped her up from the floor where she was kneeling and guides her to the bed, where she was positioned on all fours in the middle of the bed.

Feeling the bed shift as the two men positioned themselves in front and behind, she simultaneously felt their hard members pressing against both sets of her luscious moist lips.

From the front, the penis was placed at her lips which she wasted no time is sucking the tip into her mouth. From behind, there was a penis being guided between her sopping wet pussy lips, pushing them apart as she accepted the full length of what they had to offer.

She loved the feeling of fullness from being penetrated but to have a cock in her mouth at the same time was almost too much.

She was being fucked hard from behind, with each thrust pushing her throat onto the waiting penis at her front. this continued for several minutes until she was nearing her hopefully first orgasm of the evening, when she heard James' voice telling her to turn around.

His voice had definitely come from behind, meaning he had fucked her first, so who's cock did she just have in her mouth. Not knowing just sent her imagination spiraling.

Either way, she did as instructed and spun around on the spot, now taking what she knew was James' penis in her mouth, coated in her warm sweet juices, which always reminded her of warm melted butter.

She was also now being fucked from behind by tonight's guest, who was filling her pussy and fucking her hard onto James' cock in her mouth.

It was another several minutes of this when she couldn't resist any longer and came hard on their guests penis, contracting her muscles around his shaft, as she let out a moan of pleasure around the cock in her throat.

It was time for a change around again. This time she was positioned to be sat on top of one of the men, taking their full length inside her pussy as she started to ride them. Moving her hips to raise and lower herself on them at just the right angle to lightly tease her G spot inside. Again, she felt a penis guided to her lips as she sucked it into her mouth and started to work its length in and out.

This position was paused after several minutes and then continued after the boys had switched positions and she came again hard around someones penis, gushing her juices all over their solid member, still lodged up her sex.

She was thoroughly enjoying all the attention her pussy was getting but was beginning to crave for something in her ass.

"Is one of you gentleman gonna fuck my ass now?"

"With pleasure" came the response, this time from her unknown guest, the first she'd heard from him so far this evening apart for the odd guttural moan or grunt as he was fucking her mouth or pussy.

Once again, she noticed that the voice had come from whoever was just in her mouth, so she must be currently riding her husband. She lowered her body all the way till her breasts were resting on his chest, where she found his lips with hers and kissed him passionately, before whispering in his ear

"Thank you"

"Anything for you my love" came his whispering response as they locked lips again.

At this point, the other man had moved around the back and positioned his rod at her back door. He first lubed up her rectum with a bit of spit and proceeded to work the tight hole with his finger at first. Round in circles with his thumb, and then by increasing the pressure, he popped it past the threshold and into her ass. She let out a small moan of pleasure as she was still lip locked with her husband underneath her.

The guest began working his thumb in and out until satisfied she was ready to receive him. He placed the tip at her opening and slowly pushed forward. Her ass took his entire length in one slow thrust as she took it as far as it could reach.

The two guys now seemed to be working as a team, with them both thrusting in and out of her holes in opposite rhythm. She could hardly contain the amazing feeling pulsing out from between her legs and the thought of what the scene looked like, her being double-dicked by her husband and a stranger. It took no time at all before both boys could feel her muscles contracting around both of their solid members as Louise was cumming, riding the wave, over and over again.

"I want to try this standing up?" asked Louise, desperate to make the most of the situation and try something she once saw in a porno.

The all stood at the end of the bed, switching sides this time, Louise proceeded to raise a leg beside the unknown stranger that had been helping her husband fuck all her holes tonight. He took hold of her leg, just below the thigh and took the weight as she also lifted her other leg up the other side to fully straddle him with her arms around his neck.

Before she knew it his rock hard rod was impaled in her slick wet pussy hole again, where she lowered herself slightly to take it all in. She felt her husbands familiar hands cup her ass cheeks to help hold her up while he delicately bent his knees slightly to line up his own hard member with her puckered rear entrance and slowly straightened, easing it into her tight rectum.

Between the two of them, they began to lift and lower her onto their engorged cocks, slowly at first and then began to increase in speed until she was fully bouncing between the two of them, impaled with a penis in both of her holes, her breasts bouncing against the strangers chest.

This went on for several minutes until, unable to contain themselves any longer, all three gave one final thrust and they all came together with a guttural moan. After pulling out, Louise was laid on the bed, sore and satisfied, when the blindfold was finally removed from her face.

She looked over at her husband next to her, panting, him too with a satisfied look on his face, and getting her first look at their guest for this evening, very happy with her husband's choice.

A little awkward at first, when they introduced themselves, but when they considered what had just transpired, realized there wasn't really much to feel awkward about.

Exhausted and fully spent, they all got into the giant queen size bed, Louise in the middle, with a man either side, all three of them naked, they fell asleep.

The next morning, Louise was woken, not too early, by a pair of lips on each of her nipples, two hands moving down her belly towards her swelling sex, and a hard penis poking her in either leg.

As i'm sure you can all imagine, the morning started with round two, involving much of the same as the night before but could not last forever. The kids needed picking up and the bedding was definitely going to need to be changed, so they said their goodbye's to their guest, who turned out to be Mark, one of James' gym buddies and continued with their day.

"Thank you for an amazing night Mark, maybe we could all do this again sometime?" Louise said as he walked out of the door.

"Would be my pleasure" he answered with a wink

"Catch you later buddy, thanks for the help, i'll be in touch" called James.

That night, after the kids were put to bed, James and Louise headed off to bed themselves, where they made love again. Not rough or loud this time, no toys or kinky anal. Just love.

"Thank you for last night sweetie, that was an amazing surprise"

"No problem my sweet, i just want to make you happy, and make you cum, mostly cum" he said with a smirk

"Well don't you worry" she told him as she cuddled into his shoulder

"I'm going to find a way to surprise you one day"

"Oh yeah, another woman is it next time?"

Hmmmmm maybe she thought to herself

*********************

Follow me to keep up with their next session, and see whether James gets his surprise this time.