 James and Louise were your typical married couple, life started getting too hectic and the first thing that practically stopped was the sex. Well almost. A quickie every couple weeks when they could muster it.

That was until a few months ago when they decided it had to change or risk losing it all. They started making the time for intimacy on a regular basis where they even delved 'outside of the box' on a number of occasions.

Their adult evening now involved a lot more passion and intimacy, a dash of sex toys and recently, even an addition in the bedroom.

To Louise' surprise, a few months ago, James had brought home a gym buddy, unbeknownst to Louise at the beginning, who was blindfolded at the end of the bed.

Obviously she quickly realized that her husband had not grown two more hands and another penis, but still, the evening was full of passion, sweaty bodies and many orgasms, as well as the following morning for that matter.

Still, they carried on their regular adult evening, including some very sensual massages which had Louise moaning before a penis could even be seen, but more of that evening another time.

Louise knew her husband had invited a friend as a treat for her because there are just some experiences you can't have with just one and knew that he never really expected her to make it up to him. After all, she was having many more big O's than he was, but she still wanted to show him a good time too, fulfil his fantasies too, tick off some of his boxes too. You know what i mean.

So this time, it was Louise's turn to show her husband a good time, even if that meant that she needed some help.

So the day of their adult evening had arrived, the kids were set to be collected from school by their grandma who would then take them back to hers for the night and much of the following day.

James and Louise both still had work but usually tried to get away a little early. However this time, James was having to stay a little later than usual as they needed to get stuff sorted before their annual stocktake on Monday.

By the time James finally left, he was cursing under his breath and hoping Louise was still in the mood for some fun. As he finished late, they wouldn't have time for their usual romantic meal and some drinks to get them started.

By the time he arrived home, he could see Louise' car on the drive and the sitting room lights were on. Turning his key in the door and pushing it open, he felt the warmth wash over him as he left the winter air outside.

It was then he first noticed the two distinct giggles coming from the sitting room door. This of course felt like a brick to the face, seeming like their plans may have been scuppered by an unexpected guest.

James walked through the sitting room door into the soft glow of the fireplace and saw Louise sat on the corner sofa with her old college friend Kirsty.

They both had a glass of wine in hand, and a bottle on the table, which looked almost empty. Louise must have gotten changed after work as they were both dressed in casual tight fitting tanks and jeans that hugged their bodies, accentuating both of their curvy features.

He felt a slight bulge in his work trousers and realized he could do with a drink too.

"Hi hunny. How was work?" He asked, heading towards the kitchen. "And how are you Kirsty? Long time no see."

"Work was fine, managed to get out early and met up with Kirsty. She was down this way for work and needed a place to stay tonight," she replied.

'Well there you go,' he thought, 'We're not gonna be able to have loud ravenous sex with her friend in the spare room down the hall'. All hopes for the evening were fading fast.

He grabbed a bottle of cider from the fridge and popped the cap.

"Although we have had a bit to drink already," Louise giggled playfully through to the kitchen, "So we're not very tired."

James peeked his head around the doorway to the kitchen, looking back towards the sofa to see his wife and her friend, now sat on the sofa, wine glasses still in hand. But now seemed to be only in their underwear! Their clothes were in a pile beside the sofa.

His eyes went wide and was unable to stop his jaw practically hitting the floor. They both smiled at him seductively and couldn't help but giggle at the look on his face. James shook his head and proceeded to finish his bottle in one go.

"Are you two warm enough there?" He said to them, trying to act all coy as he walked back into the sitting room.

They had both drained their glasses and put them on the coffee table and were now patting the sofa between them.

"Come and take a seat here sweetie," Louise asked him in her most seductive voice.

He walked over, trying not to move too fast or seem too eager and trying to control the cheshire cat grin on his face and took a seat between them.

"So what's all this about then?" He asked innocently.

"Well," Louise began, "i wanted to show you how much you mean to me and thank you for inviting Mark along that time, so I thought i would see if Kirsty would like to help me out at one of our special evenings."

James was really starting to tent up now. Without another word, Louise leaned in and began to kiss him passionately on the lips. He could taste the wine on her lips, feel her hand on his chest and start moving them south, unbuttoning his shirt as she went.

Although he liked to workout at the gym, he also enjoyed the cheeky takeaway and as such was not quite calendar boy material. But he was toned enough to excite both girls as his shirt came off.

Next, he felt his belt and flies being undone and Kirsty was helping pull them down as James assisted by raising his hips for her, all the while still making out with his wife.

Next came his boxers in a similar fashion as both ladies pulled them down, freeing his now fully hard erection.

Louise stopped their kiss to glance down at his manhood, staring right at her and Kirsty gave her an impressed nod as his 7 inch rod stood up right in front of her face.

"Remember sweetie, I love you and this is all for you," she whispered delicately in his ear, before planting her lips back on his. Louise moved her hand down to take his cock in her grasp and started jerking it slowly, feeling it pulse in her hand, and pushed it slightly to point at Kirsty, still on her knees between James' legs.

Needing no instruction, she leaned in a gently flicked her tongue across the head of his penis. It twitched slightly at her touch. She could already taste the pre cum.

"Mmmmmmm" she let out a happy sigh before sucking the head into her mouth, slowly moving her head lower, taking his rod further and further down her throat.

She then proceeded to bob her head up and down at a steady pace, working her tongue around his shaft as she went.

She could feel it tense and stiffen in her mouth. He was obviously enjoying it. Louise broke off their kiss to watch as her friend was jerking off her husband with her mouth. It was so sexy to watch. Like having a porno live in your own sitting room.

Louise bent down now, kissing James chest, moving south to join Kirsty at the throbbing cock in her mouth. Kirsty took the cock out of her mouth for air and as she did, Louise sucked it up and was soon bobbing her head up and down too.

James could feel his orgasm closing fast. He knew it wouldn't be long and only hoped he would recover for another round quickly.

As Louise was bobbing up and down with her husbands cock in her mouth, Kirsty began playfully tickling the back of Louise' neck, moving her fingers down along her back, towards her ass.

Her fingers reached the seam of the virginal white thong she was wearing and kept moving. James' eyes never left them, as they continued moving, over his wife's perfect ass and between her legs.

Louise let out a playful moan as Kirsty slipped two fingers past the tiny bit of fabric covering her friend's sex and into her moist hole. She was soaking wet already. Only three little thrusts in and out and Kirsty removed her hand, bringing her fingers up to her lips and sucking the juices off them.

"You taste so good Louise," she exclaimed, as she moved her fingers to hold them just under James' nostrils. He took in a deep breath through his nose, taking in his wife's familiar scent.

This was enough to send him over the edge. Before he could stop himself, he was shooting his seed into the back of Louise' throat with a moan. She greedily sucked on his slowly shrinking penis, desperate to suck out every drop and swallow his salty juices down.

Louise raised her head, kissed him lightly on the lips and the two girls stood, facing each other, in front of James. Then with their hands on the others hips, they leaned in to share a passionate kiss.

While their lips were busy with each others, their hands were undoing the clasps on each other bras, letting them fall to the floor, leaving two pairs of breasts exposed. Although the fire was lit and the room was warm, both pairs of nipples stood erect and were now rubbing against each other chest.

Louise broke off the kiss to lower to her knees, giving Kirsty's nipple a quick nibble on the way down. She grasped the seam of Kirsty's red thong and began to pull it down, first revealing her neatly trimmed mound, then her pussy lips already glistening with her juices, and finally, all the way to the floor. Kirsty stepped out of her panties and they were thrown in the pile with the rest of the clothes.

Next it was time for Louise to lose her last remaining tiny piece of clothing. As before, Kirsty now got onto her knees and began to lower Louise' white thong to the floor, revealing her mound with just a little tuft of hair above her clit, shortly followed by her pussy lips, clearly already flowing with her feminine juices.

After the last remaining piece of clothing was added to the pile, the two girls turned so as to both have their backs to James and bent over, showing him all four of their holes on display, clearly already wanting some attention.

"How about we move this upstairs?" Louise says, looking back over her shoulder at her husband, sat on the sofa, licking his lips and with a semi hard cock, almost ready for another round.

The girls went hand in hand in front, there asses jiggling slightly as they walk. James not able to take his eyes off them as he followed them up the stairs and into the master bedroom, where he was moved and made to lie down in the middle of their queen size bed.

He watched excitedly as Louise moved towards his head, kissed him lightly on the lips, then threw her left leg over his head and lowed her pussy to meet his waiting lips.

He began lapping at her waiting sex, using his tongue around her clit and between her moist lips, pushing it as deep as he could into her hole.

Meanwhile, Kirsty had taken up position on top of him and was slowly lowering herself down, impaling herself with his now solid cock, taking it as far as it would go. It slid in without any trouble, as she was that wet.

Louise and Kirsty both began grinding themselves against James' face and on his penis. Both were giving moans of pleasure as they felt their own orgasms approaching.

They were both kissing again. He reached up blindly to play with his wife's breasts, only to find another pair of hands there. Kirsty giggled as she felt the hands cross hers.

Kirsty moved her hands, taking his and placing them onto Louise warm breasts. He could feel her erect nipples under is palms as he squeezed and kneaded them, pinching and gently twisting a nipple every now and then.

A moan escapes her mouth as the feeling surrounding her sex and her sensitive nipples combined to bring her closer to coming.

"I am so close i need a cock inside me!" She declared between gasps.

"Me too. I wanna try that tongue of his," Kirsty replied.

Quick as a flash, they both stand and swap places. Kirsty took a seat on James' face where he continued to eat out whatever was placed in front of him, while Louise lowered herself with ease onto her husband's familiar 7 inches.

Again the grinding commenced until James feels a tightening around his penis and around his tongue, telling him they had both come together for the first time that night.

Slowing their pace, they stopped and climbed off of James' face and cock, suggesting that he enjoy himself and watch for a bit. They did not want him to shoot his load and finish too early. They wanted to get as much as they could out of tonight.

He shuffled over to lie on his side, arm supporting his head, cock in hand as he watched the two gorgeous ladies take up a 69 position in the middle of the bed.

Both girls immediately begin lapping at each other's swollen sex. Using their tongues to tease each others clits, flicking against their pussy lips or simply delving into their sex holes as far as they could.

Worried he might just blow his load just by watching the spectacle, he stopped slowly jerking his hard on and instead used his hands to caress both sets of ass cheeks that lay before him.

They were both soft and warm and lightly grinding against the other's face. He grabbed at their cheeks, pulling them apart, seeing their puckered assholes open to the air.

Louise looked up from Kirsty' crotch who was gyrating her hips underneath her and reached under the pillows and handed something to James. He opened his palm to see two metal butt plugs with gems in the end.

"Could you help us out with these honey?" She said with a little pout.

"It would be my pleasure," he replied.

"And ours," she countered back.

He started with his wife's ass. Leaning around behind her, he looked towards Kirsty' head, burried deep between his wife's pussy lips

"Would you mind if I borrowed this?" Gesturing to her moist sex, currently being eaten out like a hungry beast.

Kirsty nodded slightly as she shifted slightly lower to concentrate on circling Louise' clit with her tongue while James inserted the plug into her pussy. He twisted it and thrust with it and while doing so, he thrust his tongue upon her back door. First circling the sensitive area, licking back and forth along her perineum and finally, tensing his tongue to push it in as far as he could.

He thrust like that a few times and then made sure the whole area was coated in a layer of saliva before removing the plug from her sex and placing the tip to her rear entrance.

Slowly he applied the pressure, hearing a slight moan escape her lips as the plug stretched her sphincter to the full girth of the plug, then popped it where the tapered end was held in place by her tight rectum. He gave her bum a cheeky kiss and a nibble and collected the second plug, ready for Kirsty's ass.

From Louise' position, as she was on top, he was in prime position to help with this one. As she gently pulled Kirsty' pussy lips apart so James could insert the plug, she grabbed an ass cheek in each hand and pulled them apart, revealing her puckered and waiting asshole.

Leaning forwards all the way ,she began eating her ass in the same fashion that James had done to her. Coating it in a thick layer of saliva as James kept twisting and thrusting the metal plug in her cunt.

When she was ready, he removed the plug and as before, gently eased the warm metal into Kirsty' waiting asshole, eliciting a moan of pleasure as it stretched and contracted to hold the toy in place.

James had to lean back and take in the scene happening before him on his bed, as the girls went back to pleasuring each other with their tongues.

It was a beautiful sight. The two gorgeous naked bodies, one atop the other, their heads moving about between the others grinding hips, their chests heaving faster as they were clearly nearing orgasm together again. Their hands grabbing and pulling at cheeks and backs, trying to get purchase for the last push to get each other over the edge.

James found himself staring with lust as his hand reflexively moved to his cock to begin slowly jerking it again as both ladies let out a long grinding moan as they are pushed over the edge again by each other's tongues and the metal plugs in their butts. 

After their big O had begun subsiding, Louise rolled off the top and they both lay there panting for a short while, their chests heaving, breasts rising and falling along with it.

Louise and James' eyes met with a satisfied smile on their face, but the night wasn't over yet.

This time it was Kirsty who reached under the pillows to remove a large flesh coloured dildo, about the same length as James with a bit more girth.

"Would you mind?" She asked as she was climbing on top of Louise and leaning forward so their chests were touching, nipples rubbing against each other.

"I think we could both do with some cock now," she teased as she wiggled her bum in the air and locked her lips around Louise' in a passionate kiss.

Without missing a beat, James positioned himself between both of their legs and started to slowly insert the dildo between Kirsty' sopping wet cunt lips.

Her pussy yielded to the rubber as she took in the entire length. He proceeded to enter his wife using his own penis and began thrusting in and out of both beauties together, at the same pace.

They were moaning pleasurably into each other's mouths as this got going and after a few minutes, could feel the beginnings of their next orgasm approaching.

"Faster!!" One of them demanded.

"Harder!!" Said the other.

He obliged happily but could feel his own orgasm on its way too and didn't think he'd be able to muster a third in one evening.

He did his best to hold off his own approaching eruption while also trying to speed up the others. He began playfully tugging on the plug in Kirsty' ass right in front of him, while he held the dildo to his stomach with the other.

This had the desired effect as he could feel they were approaching the point of no return as their pussies tightened around the penis probed into both of their sex holes.

The contracting pussy around his cock had the same effect and as he quickly reached the point of eruption called, "I'm so close! Who wants this load?"

"Can I try this one?" Kisty asked, more to Louise than to James.

"Sure, he does taste good," she answered while licking her lips, "Come here and i'll help," she offered.

At that point, James moved around quickly to where their head lay and plunged his cock into Kirsty's open mouth where she began sucking at it hungrily. All the while, Louise lifted her head slightly to lick and suck on his scrotum, that was hanging right above her face.

It didn't take long at all before he could feel his own orgasm pushing through and his penis exploded in her throat. She continued to suck him dry, swallowing every last drop while his wife still sucked on his sack.

He couldn't help but let out a loud moan as he shot his seed down a second woman's throat in one evening.

As James now lay there, panting hard as he came down from his orgasm, the girls took it in turns to remove each other's metal butt plug using their teeth, which had them both giggling as they did it.

Still, the time was getting late and after a few big O's, they were all satisfied and ready for bed.

They all got under the covers, with James in the middle and a gorgeous woman on each arm as they all cuddled up and gave in to the exhaustion.

The following morning, having woken up with morning wood which helped get the ladies wet too, they went on to repeat much of the previous night's antics.

They then collected their clothes from the pile next to the sofa downstairs and changed the bedding which had a couple of suspicious looking wet patches.

Kirsty ended up staying with them all weekend, in the spare room of course as the kids were back but they knew her well and loved having Kirsty there. Not that Louise didn't try to steal herself a cheeky bum pinch or seductive bite of her lip on occasion, remembering their night with just them three.
