 I first met John and Lynn on-line about 6 months earlier and now I found myself walking down the hall of a DC hotel toward their room. I was understandably nervous; my cock was swelling in my pants in anticipation of what might happen. Before I continue with our first face-to-face meeting in the hotel I should give you some background. 

I actually met John first. I found his IM identification in a Yahoo group for masturbation and had contacted him. We shared stories and fantasies and learned that we each enjoyed masturbating with and for other people. We finally found time to chat when I was alone at home and I revved up my web cam and masturbated for him on-line. A week or so later he jerked off for me. We traded pictures and continued to enjoy each others company online. One day John told me that he had a surprise for me. When I clicked on the invitation to view his web cam I was pleased to see his hard cock being stroked by a woman’s hand. I heard a giggle emerge from my speakers and John told me that his wife Lynn had finally decided to share our on-line fun. He explained that she had watched the two of us jerkoff for each other on several occasions and had masturbated for him while he jerkedoff for me. It didn’t take long for Lynn to make John spurt like crazy and I came soon afterwards. It was a great afternoon. Over the next few months we continued to have fun on-line I really enjoyed masturbating for them either when they were together or when they were online alone. I also enjoyed watching them masturbate for me numerous time and mutually masturbate for me. Several times I watched john finger fuck his wife till she had several violent orgasms and then watch him quickly jerkoff over her pussy.

One day the announced that they were planning on a vacation in the DC area and wondered if I would like to meet them at the end of their visit. I agreed and waited for them to let me know where they were staying and when I should come visit them. 

We first met in a nearby coffee shop and talked for about 20 minutes. They were a bit younger them me in their early 40s. He was slim and about 5’9” and she was a bit overweight and about 5’4” with short attractive brown hair. She was wearing an attractive light summer dress which complemented her modest breasts. I had never seen her tits online and was hopping that today was going to be my lucky day. We laughed and joked about our online fun but as the conversation progressed I grew worried that our meeting would end with just coffee. Lynn leaned close to her husband and whispered in his ear. He smiled and then asked me if I wanted to come up to their room. My mouth was dry with anticipation and I could hardly speak as my head nodded yes. Lynn laughed and John jerked and groaned. It was clear that she had just squeezed his cock under the table. We asked for the check, settled our bill and walked out of the restaurant. Both John and I had a bit of a hard time walking because our cocks were fairly hard. 

As we entered their hotel room suite the offered me a seat and a drink. I asked for water and sat down in the easy chair across from the couch. John sat on the couch and watched his wife bend over to take the water from the mini-bar. He licked his lips and winked at me. My pulse quickened as Lynn walked over to me with my water. As she handed it to me her fingers caressed my hand. I gulped and felt my cock surge hard. 

Lynn joined her husband and we stated back in on small talk. Eventually, it became apparent that Lynn was becoming impatient finally saying that if John or I wasn’t going to get things started she would. John and I just smiled and I commented that I was there to please her and that she should take control of the situation. 

She smiled mischievously and winked at John as she sat up and moved to the edge of the sofa. “Okay,” she said, “Stand up and strip for us!” I was a bit surprised and hesitated glancing at John who just shrugged his shoulders. Lynn, still smiling, asked me if I heard her, her voice was more firm this time and I nodded yes. “Well,” she replied, then stand up and do as I tell you and do it NOW!” Her voice as louder and very firm. I stood and started unbuttoning my shirt as I slipped out of my loafers. Even though I had masturbated for them several times on-line being in the room stripping fro them as they sat on the sofa was very different and I was very nervous. Regardless of my nervousness, my cock was no nearly fully erect.

I pulled my shirt of and then quickly removed my pants and socks. I then stood their in my briefs with my hard cock straining against the cloth. Lynn and John were both smiling, John was massaging his cock through his pants as he watched me stand there nervous. 

Lynn spoke after a few minutes, asking “Well, don’t stop now. Finish stripping!! I don’t like being kept waiting.”

I signed and slipped my briefs off feeling the relief of my cock springing free. I then stood in front of them nude with my throbbing cock swaying out in front of me. I then looked intently at Lynn and asked her what I could do now to please her. She smile back and ordered me to move closer so that she could inspect me. I moved closer till I was standing about a foot from the two of them. She then told me to stroke my cock slowly and to fondle my balls. As I touched my self I moaned and felt a spasm surge through my body. 

I stopped and released my cock fearing that I would explode in a massive orgasm. Lynn also noticed and ordered me not to cum. She then explained that I would only be allowed to cum after she had been completely satisfied. I nodded consent and swallowed hard hopping that I would be able to control the overpowering urge to just jerk my cock and explode in front of them. 

Lynn then turned to her husband and ordered him to grab my cock. On line John had told me that he had not yet touched another man’s cock but had fantasized about it. It was clear that Lynn knew this and was eager to make his dream come true. John hesitated and Lynn’s eyes narrowed and her voice became quiet and firm as she ordered him to grab my cock. I moved to my left slightly to make it easier for him and watched intently as he reached up and took hold my throbbing cock. Lynn was smiling brightly and was now flushed red with sexual excitement. I moaned loudly and bet over as I felt his fingers encircle my cock and squeeze slightly. I struggled to hold my orgasm as Lynn enjoyed the scene.

Lynn then looked up at me asking that if she let me cum right away if I could get hard again and cum later in the afternoon. I nodded yes knowing that under this situation I would be able to stay hard all day and cum many times. She then explained that it was likely that I wouldn’t be able to control my orgasm much longer that it would be more fun if I was a bit more relaxed. I could agree more.

She then ordered her husband to start stroking me as she reached out and ran her finger nails across my balls when were wrinkled tight against the base of my cock. My body jerked and spasmed as I felt my orgasm rise. 

Suddenly she ordered her husband to stop stroking and released my balls as she pulled his hand off my cock. I felt my orgasm subside and groaned. I started to reach toward my cock to finish things off when Lynn ordered me to stand still. She rose, went to the mini bar and came back with a glass. She smiled at me and standing so close that my cock was pushing against her stomach she asked if I would do ANY THING to please her if she and John would finish me off. I nodded my head eagerly and pleaded with her to let me cum. 

She then told me that I was to cum in the glass and that she would then feed me my cum. If I agreed to this she said that they would then finish me off. I had tasted my cum on several occasions and had enjoyed kissing a woman after Cumming in her mouth and sucking her pussy after filling her. I therefore didn’t hesitate and agreed to the deal.

Lynn sat down again and grabbed my balls squeezing a bit hard as she ordered her husband to stroke my cock. She positioned the glass over my cock head so not a drop would be lost and in second my orgasm exploded. Lynn had surprised me by letting one of her fingers press against my anus as my first spurt of cum exploded. As John stroked she push the finger into me and I exploded again nearly falling over as a massive spurt of cum exploded from my cock. I nearly fainted as her finger went deeper into my ass to massage my prostrate. She then started moving her finger quickly in and out of my ass as John jerked my cock wildly. 

Finally the overpowering feelings of my orgasm subsided and Lynn removed her finger from my ass and John released my cock. Lynn then ordered me to kneel down in front of them and offered her finger to me and ordered me to suck it clean. This was new to me and I hesitated. She then ordered John to grab my balls and to squeeze hard if I refused to please her. John slipped off the couch smiling broadly his cock pressing hard against his pants. As his hand grabbed my balls he squeezed hard I coughed and lunged to suck Lynn’s finger. John’s grip lessened as Lynn moved her finger in and out of my mouth smiling at me and telling me that I was a good boy. 

She then ordered me to tip my head back and to open my mouth wide. I hesitated slightly and John’s grip tightened. I complied and Lynn raised the glass tipping it till my cum started sliding out toward me. There was a massive amount of cum, much more than usual. It moved slowly toward the lip of the glass as Lynn ordered me to hold it in my mouth and to not swallow it right away. I steadied myself realizing that this would likely not be pleasant. Lynn was very excited as she watched the cum slide out in one large mass into my mouth. Her had was shaking as she tipped the glass and ordered me to lick the last drop of cum from its lip. 

Lynn put down the glass and massaged one of her breasts as she order me to move my cum around in my mouth with my tough as she stood over me watching. I nearly gagged as the strong salty bitter flavor filled my senses. Lynn’s other hand pulled up her dress and she started masturbating wildly as she watched me swirl my cum in my mouth. She finally ordered me to swallow and I could hear her cum. She then quickly leaned forward and kissed my mouth hard and deep her tongue seeking any cum that remained. I could feel her body spasms as she came and I could feel my cock starting to swell. 

Lynn released me and collapsed on the couch gasping and giggling. Her face was flushed and her smile broad. Her had was still under her dress slowly massing her pussy as I watched with excitement the taste of my cum still strong in my mouth. 

John had taken his cock out of his pants and was stroking away watching us with glee. 

Lynn ordered me to rince out my mouth and to wash off my cock. When I returned, John was standing nude in the room his rock hard cock, which was a bit larger than mine, stood at attention in front of him. Lynn was still dressed and sat on the sofa with a smile of contentment on her face. 

Lynn ordered me to kneel in front of John and to stroke his cock and fondle his balls as she watched. John spread his legs and sucked in his breath as I reached for his throbbing cock. I felt good in my hand as I slowly started stroking him and then reaching up to cup his balls which were growing tight to his shaft. It was clear that John wasn’t going to last long and I looked over to Lynn to ask where she wanted John to spurt.

Lynn had slipped out of her dress and was removing her bar. She had no panties on. I stopped stroking John as I watched her bra fall away from her body, her small firm tits with erect nipples were beautiful and I moaned with appreciation as I heard John groan with frustration.

Lynn then ordered the two of us closer to her and told me to make John cum over her tits. We complied and Lynn fingered her pussy and massed her clit as I jerked John’s cock. John’s hips started moving faster and it was clear that he would explode soon. As I massaged his balls I rubbed the soft spot just at the base of his balls with one finger. This was all that was needed and he exploded. He leaned forward and placed his hand on his wife’s shoulder as I jerked his cock hard and fast. His cum spattered against her left breast and she reached up with one hand to start spreading it around as more cum shot our at her. John was shaking and nearly screaming as I squeezed his balls and jerked his cock with long deep strokes. Soon the last drop of cum dripped to Lynn’s nipple as John fell on the sofa besides his wife his eyes rolled back in his head.

Lynn hadn’t cum yet and ordered me to suck her pussy. She moved quickly to the edge of the sofa and spread her legs wide. Her finger was rapidly massaging her click and I could tell that she was close. I dove in, eager to taste her pussy and feel her cum against my mouth. My tongue push deep inside of her as my nose joined her finger massaging her clit. Her hips started thrusting against me. She removed her hand and I started sucking her clit hard as I pushed two fingers deep inside of her. Lynn layed back and thrust her pussy hard against me. Her hand held the back of my head and pushed me hard against her. Her legs clamped against my head sqeezing hard. I couldn’t breath but just kept on sucking madly. Her back arched and she bucked against me screaming in pleasure. I looked up and saw John sucking the tit he had just covered with cum. 

Lynn’s orgasms seemed to go on for ever and eventually she pushed me away half laughing and half crying. As I looked down at her licking my lips her body quivered with delight. She lay there ordering us to not touch her for about 15 minutes. 

Lynn’s eyes finally opened and she smiled at John and I and thanked us for one the best orgasms she had ever experienced. John and I gave each other a high-five as Lynn just giggled and shook her head.

Lynn finally stood up, her legs still unsteady beneath her, and told us that we would all take a shower before continuing. It was a fun shower, my cock was now fully erect while John’s was still flaccid. As a result I got a lot of attention and came out with the cleanest cock of all time!!

After drying off, Lynn guided us into the bedroom explaining that she wanted some more personal attention.  She laid down on her back and asked me to return to her pussy and asked John to straddle her face. John smiled with glee and excitement. As I settled down to enjoy her sweet pussy, I watched Lynn suck on John’s cock as his balls moved over her face. Soon John was hard again and Lynn released him and ordered me to move away.

She positioned her self on her hands and knees and ordered John to start fucking her from behind. He complied eagerly and as he kneeled behind her he spread her cheeks and slipped his cock in. She pushed back against him as I watched. I started fondling my cock and then Lynn ask me if I had ever suck cock before. I explained that I hadn’t.

She then asked if I would do it for her. I paused and said that if she ordered me to do it as watched I probably would. She smiled and giggled with anticipation as she ordered me to lay on my back beneath her so that I could suck her clit as her hubby fucked her. She lowered her pussy down on my mouth and I could feel John’s balls hit my head I could also see his shaft pound into her pussy. Occasionally my nose would rub against his shaft as I eagerly suck her clit. 

After a while I felt Lynn’s hand around my cock and hopped that she might suck me. Unfortunately for me she just jerked my cock as her husband and I pleased her. Her hips moved faster and her moan’s louder and soon she was rocked by another series of massive orgasms. Suddenly she moved off of me and rotated around. I could feel a rubber being slipped over my cock and then she plunged down on me. John’s cock was swaying over me as I looked up feeling her tight pussy pulse over my cock. 

As she gritted her teeth she ordered me to suck John’s cock!! John and I exchanged looks and shrugged. I reach up took his cock and guided it into my mouth. I didn’t know what to expect as my tongue massed his cock as it passed my lips. Lynn gasped and screamed as she ground on my cock. She simply screamed suck him suck him!. John complied as he started fucking my mouth hard. I tasted his pre cum and it was clear that he would cum soon. Lynn realized this and then ordered John to hold his cum till he couldn’t wait any longer and then jerk off over her face. I was relieved. 

Suddenly John gasped and struggled to rise squeezing his cock hard. He straddled me and started jerking his cock in front of Lynn’s face. Lynn hadn’t stopped fucking me and I struggled to hold my orgasm. As John started spurting I couldn’t hold on any longer and exploded inside of Lynn. I could feel John’s cum dripping down on me as I felt and heard Lynn explode into another series of massive orgasms. Soon she collapsed over me and I could small the strong scent of John’s cum covering her face. 

Lynn Lay on me for quite a while till her breathing was normal. She rose off of me a bit unsteady and walked to the bathroom. John and I followed and joined her in the show. This time we helped wash each other and talked quietly about what had just happened. Lynn asked me if I like sucking cock and I had to agree that it was exciting. But I explained that if she hadn’t been watching and ordering me to do it I likely would not want to suck cock. She smiled and commented that she liked that part too. She then asked John if he like my sucking or her sucking better. John smiled and said that even though he enjoy seeing me suck his cock it didn’t compare to Lynn’s sucking. 

After drying off we returned to the bed room to rest. It didn’t take long till we were all sleeping.

About two hours later Lynn woke up and then pushed the two of us out of the bed saying that we need to get dressed and that I need to leave. I rose and asked them if it would be okay for me to masturbate in front of them as they watched fully dressed. They quickly agreed and dressed. I then asked Lynn if I could cum over her breasts. She smiled and agreed. By the time they were dressed I was rock hard and stroking. I stood about a foot from them jerking my cock wildly as I fondled my balls and fingered my anus. Lynn pulled her dress top down to expose her tits as she smiled up at me and then stared at my cock telling me jerking cum over her tits. I had wanted to make this experience last but I had no such luck. My orgasm rose quickly and as I exploded over her tits she grabbed my balls. There wasn’t much cum but the sensation was still just a strong. After I shook that last drop from my cock over her tits she leaned forward and kissed my cock head sucking it slightly. I spammed with pleasure thanking her for the wonderful time.

I quickly washed off and said my good byes and left. About half way home, I pulled off the road and masturbated a forth time and that evening I jerked off again in the bathroom. My wife was a bit surprised that I went to bed early that night.