 You've heard the story all before, I'm sure: Man goes to Far East on vacation, meets beautiful Asian girl, brings her home and marries her. Well, it happened to me and, to be honest with you, I've never really regretted it.

I met Mia after only a few days of my vacation and, like so many other men, was immediately captivated by the mysterious, demure attraction of the Asian female. To say that Mia was attractive or pretty would have been a crass understatement. At only twenty-one years old - a full twenty years younger than myself - and with her dark, almost jet-black hair framing a stunning heart shaped face, her allure was beyond temptation. Her facial qualities were not let down by her body either. Pretty feet and delicate ankles led to long, shapely legs, a flat stomach and perky 36c breasts completed the picture. But for me it was her eyes that first made me catch my breath. The way that she looked out at me from under long, seductive lashes and fixed me with those deep green, almond shaped peepers had my cock at immediate attention!

Okay, so I admit it - she was a hooker! But the way I figured it; everyone has to do something, right?, and the way the economy looked in her home town, it was about all the was left to do to make a living. Not that Mia was ashamed or embarrassed by her chosen profession, far from it, she openly admitted to me that she enjoyed sex in all of its forms; men or women, together or separately, young or old, she would enjoy herself and make money no matter what!

The first time I slept with Mia, I can honestly say, was the best sex that I have ever had. She took me to heaven and back all night and I came three times - something of a record for me! Her lips were like soft, moist velvet and her pussy seemed to be able to grip my modest tool almost with a mind of its own. When I awoke in the morning, still exhausted but utterly content, I knew immediately that I had to have this amazing specimen of womanhood again. And I did have her again - and again and again and every day until the end of my vacation. But as the end of the holiday drew closer and closer I became maudlin and depressed; how was I ever going to be able to leave my adored Mia behind?

And then the obvious truth struck me like a thunderbolt: I was in love, and what do people do when they are in love? Answer: they get married!

It may seem like I was completely crazy but, with a pounding heart and acting like a teenager on a first date, I found myself in the corner of a moodily lit restaurant one evening and asking Mia to marry me. I'm not sure what sort of reception I had expected, but when she agreed almost immediately there were fireworks going off in my heart and my head.

Mia joined me at my London flat only a week after I left and we immediately married and embarked on our life together. To say that I was happy would not begin to describe the feelings that constantly coursed through my body and soul; I was elated; walking on air.

For me, the sex was still fantastic, but as time went on I began to feel that my greatest fears were being realised. It wasn't anything that Mia said or did, it was just a general feeling that, whilst I was being treated to the best sensations that I had ever experienced, she was becoming bored with the lack of imagination that my inexperience was causing and, to be honest, my modest sized penis. I tried everything that I knew and some things that I had never even thought of before, but little seemed to provide her with the excitement that she so obviously craved and I could count on the fingers of one hand the orgasms that she enjoyed under my fumbling attentions. Slowly I began to realise that, because of her previous experiences, it was highly unlikely that one man - and me in particular - would ever be able to satisfy her abundant lust.

And then one day it happened. Of course, it may have happened many time before, but for me, this would be the first time I had actually caught her cheating.

Arriving home early from work one evening, I heard the tell-tale noises from the spare bedroom immediately I walked in the door. My heart sank. I guess I had been expecting it but now that it was actually happening I wasn't sure what to do. Half of me wanted to leave the house and never return, but the other half was intrigued; the sounds I could hear were not just Mia and another man, but Mia and TWO other men! My legs wouldn't let me leave and took me involuntarily, silently up the stairs towards the source of the sounds.

The door to the spare room was slightly ajar so I was able to peer in without being spotted. It seemed that I had arrived just in time, so to speak; Mia was still dressed but was sat on the bed and watching her two well built lovers as they slowly stroked their cocks in anticipation.

Mia was dressed quite simply. Her black silk blouse that I had recently bought for her was open and tied at her waist allowing just the smallest glimpse of her pert breasts. The short, grey skirt was bunched up around her waist to reveal red lace panties and I could see that she had been stroking herself as she watched her lovers; a dark patch of moisture was visible in the crotch.

I continued to watch as Mia slowly licked her finger and dropped her hand down the front of her panties. Her head rolled back and she gasped quietly as she began to slowly finger herself. There were sounds of appreciation from the guys as they also watched the display continue with my wife becoming more vocal as she climbed higher and higher towards orgasm.

Mia's legs were well spread and after a few minutes of masturbation her hips began to lift from the bed. Her fingers seemed a blur beneath the material of her panties as she jammed them over and over into her obviously wet snatch. Suddenly her back arched deeply and she let out a long, low growling moan. As she climaxed her legs trembled visibly and the toes of her shoes pointed upwards.

Things now began to move quite quickly. I had decided to hide myself behind the door and watch through the crack. My erection was hard and throbbing in my pants and I knew that I didn't want to miss a moment of the action.

Both men were naked from the waist down and sported large, hard cocks. I felt a pang of envy as I looked at them; so big, so much bigger than me! 

Dicks swinging menacingly, they both moved towards the bed and the grinning Mia. Their hands were immediately all over her and clothes were virtually ripped off garment by garment and discarded casually on the floor until she sat between them completely naked. Hands covered her heaving breasts and fingers pried open her puffy labia as they groped and teased her body.

Suddenly, Mia was lifted and virtually dropped on her hands and knees in the centre of the large bed. 

"I gotta get me some of that pussy, man!" the first man cried as he knelt up behind her.

Mia smiled and looked over her shoulder nodding her willing agreement. There was no foreplay, no finesse. The guy simply lined his twitching cock up with her wet hole and thrust forward. Both Mia and her assailant cried out simultaneously as he penetrated her vagina, but her cries were abruptly curtailed by the second man who was sitting at her head as he pushed his cock between her open, painted lips.

And so began the use of my wife's body. From both ends she was assaulted - willingly assaulted - by the oversized appendages. Her body rocked back and forth as the first cock disappeared into her mushy pussy and the second drove into her mouth and throat.

"Jeez, this bitch can really suck cock, man!" the second man said as he began to push his hips forward and slowly fuck Mia's mouth.

"Yeah!" agreed the second, "and her cunt's so hot I think I'm gonna cum inside her real soon!"

A stab of concern suddenly hit me. What if Mia was ovulating? What if this big stud came inside her and made her pregnant, could I live with that? The thoughts rushed randomly through my head but my eyes remained rivetted to the scene in front of me.

With some reluctance, Mia allowed the large penis dominating her mouth to slip out from between her lips. She gasped in a deep lungful of air before she spoke.

"Ohhhh...yeah...fuck me, David....fuck me hard...shoot it inside me and make me cum again....do it to me baby .... do it to me like my husband can't!"

Whilst I had been watching, I'd been continuously massaging my cock through my pants But as Mia orated her distasteful words of ridicule, I felt no animosity, no anger. In fact, my cock twitched beneath my hand and if anything, hardened further.

The second guy, David it seemed, bucked his hips and drove deeply into Mia's tight pussy with a deep groan. His back arched and his eyes closed - I could see that he was cumming inside my wife's body and that she was loving every second of the sensation.

"Wow that was fucking great!" he whispered in a croaking voice. "You gonna cum in her mouth, Frankie?"

"Mmmmm...damn, that's a tempting idea!" the first man replied, his breathing ragged and gasping as he allowed Mia to stroke his tool back between her lips. "What do you think, my little whore?"

Again, and still rather reluctantly, Mia took Frankie's cock out of her mouth to enable her to answer.

"If I have the choice," she cooed, "then I want you to cum in my ass! I haven't had a cock in my butt for so long...I really need it! Will you do that for me Frankie?"

"You bet I will!" Frank replied enthusiastically. "Dave, help lift her up will you, buddy. Her legs are still shaking after you fucked her cunt so hard!"

Mia's second lover smiled and nodded his consent at his friend's request. Effortlessly he wrapped his arms around my trembling wife and lifted her high into the air. Mia's legs spread wide as he lowered her down towards Frank's waiting dick. I watched fascinated as his throbbing cock head speared her asshole. The tiny rosebud blossomed and opened to accept his wet member and it slid easily into my wife's anal passage.

Frank gasped as he experienced the tightness that must have surrounded his cock and wrapped his arms around Mia's writhing body and began to play with her hardened nipples. Down and down she sank until Frank was buried completely in her ass.

"Fuck me honey!," Mia cried out through clenched teeth, "fuck my little asshole!"

Frank obliged and began to lift her up and down on his dick as he fucked her back passage with slow, steady strokes.

"Oh, shit, baby!," he cried, "you're so tight back there...mmmmm.....my cock is so hot....I think...yes...yes...yes.....I'm gonna cum!"

With that, Mia dropped forwards and buried her head in the pillow, tilting her bottom up invitingly towards her anal intruder.

"Fuck me hard, Frankie...now do it NOWWWW!"

Frank's hips were a blur of activity as he began to slam his spasming cock in and out of my wife's ravaged asshole with lightening speed. I had a great view and marvelled at the way the small, tight hole expanded and dilated to accommodate the girth of his pistoning weapon. He grunted and gasped as he began to ejaculate and, on his down strokes, I could see his thick cream being forced out of Mia's hole and begin to trickle down her legs.

It was at this time that I caught my breath and realised that I too was cumming. I hadn't even touched the flesh of my cock, but had been merely massaging myself through my pants. Now I could feel a damp mass seeping through my shorts and knew that it would soon me staining my pants. 

Despite my stilted movements, nobody in the room seemed still to have noticed their secret audience and so, very quietly, I padded down the stairs and out of the door.

I parked my car out of sight around the corner and waited patiently for the two men to leave and to give me time to think. I knew now that there was no way that I was ever going to be able to satisfy my wife. As I saw things, I had two choices: Drive off now and never return, or keep what I had seen to myself. The first option definitely had its disadvantages; never seeing my beloved Mia again. But the second choice; could I actually pull that off? The down side would be having to keep a secret from my wife, but the upside... As I thought about all the lovers that Mia could take over the years a broad smile broke over my face. Yes, the second option most certainly had possibilities!