 Joyce and I went to our favorite Chinese restaurant where we could grab a quiet booth and have a leisurely chat about her sexual escapades with Kevin, a man whom we had met through an internet dating service.

I started the conversation rolling: 

"Tell me what you really think about Kevin, Joyce. I sensed some hesitancy when I asked if you would like to see him again." 

"You know me too well, Honey," Joyce smiled.

"I liked Kevin. He is a sweet man and he gave me a good time. But as I said I am not sure whether I got off so much because of him or partly because I was so horny and sex-crazed that my imagination was in overdrive and I would have exploded for just about anyone. Maybe a mixture of both." 

"Do you think you might want to give him a second chance?" I asked.

"Hmmm, maybe, Joyce replied. 

"Whilehe helped me orgasm, he lacks a certain finesse that I had been accustomed to receive from you." 

"Oh, how so," I asked. 

"Two points," Joyce went on to explain.

"You probably did not see it, but when he was going down on me he inserted his thumb in my vagina and his finger in my rear. That gave me quite a jolt and done the right way would have brought me off immediately, but he just thrust both fingers in and out forcefully. He did not gently massage me inside nor did he seek my G spot, which really turns me on, but then again maybe he does not know about that spot. It wouldn't surprise me. Next, when he took me from the rear, he just kept thrusting. No sideways or other movements with his cock nor did he reach around and fondle my breasts or play with my clit." 

"Joyce, I did see him thrust his thumb and finger in and wondered about that because I never did it with you. Do you think you can teach him to become a better lover?" 

"Yes," Joyce confirmed. " He is very accommodating and I am sure he would do what I asked him to."

Joyce pondered what she was going to say next verey carefully.

"Still - now don't get upset - but I have been fantasizing for years about what it would be like to be ravished by a strong virile man amply endowed. I would like to have a man be in total control and submit to his demands. Our lovemaking was so good that I never got beyond this fantasy but now......," she paused." 

"So that is why you wanted to keep Harry on the list despite our misgivings?" I asked.

"Yep, you bet! He seems like the kind of man who would feel a woman's fondest sexual dreams. On the other hand, he also seems like the kind of man who might manhandle and abuse a woman. I could wind up just feeling used and cheap. It's a gamble , I admit , and even if he completely satisfied me I do not know if we could befriend him and meet him on a regular basis. Actually, that is what I want, a lover who can become our friend and share our life as well as have sex with me. Someone we could relax with, entertain, take on trips and invite over to the house overnight."

I saw the direction her thoughts were going and was in synch with them. 

"Joyce, that leaves out Kevin, unless there is a side to him we have not discovered. He is an accountant, kind of a mathematical nerd. I do not think we have anything in common with him, but I may be wrong. Maybe he does share some of our same interests, but the problem is that he cannot leave his wife unattended at night and his time is limited."

Continuing, I added, "I do not know about Harry. He is arrogant and pushy. I do not like the guy's personality. Jim is another matter. I am confident we could have a lot of laughs with him. But he is flitty. Not sure how stable a guy he is. I am not even sure he wants a regular sex partner or just wants to add notches to his belt." 

Joyce thought a bit and added her assessment. "I think you are right about Harry but I still want to consider him at least once, just for the experience. Maybe Jim could be a temporary fill as I am sure he will get a steady girl or maybe marry and that would complicate our lives too much even if his partner would allow him to continue meeting us."

"Joyce, It does not sound like we have made too much progress. Don't forget we have seven men left from our top ten list. Let's take another look at them, too."

"All right, but I do not want to procrastinate too much, as this episode with Kevin has made me hornier than ever for a stiff cock, so let us do this. Let us go home and write to Kevin, Harry and Jim. In the process of writing maybe we both will get inspired with new ideas and then let us look at the seven others." 

So we set off for home and after some additional skull work, Joyce wrote three emails:

TO: Kevin: "I enjoyed our afternoon together and would like to consider meeting you again but my husband and I have some concerns and questions before we firm up another get together. Are you strictly limited to Saturday afternoons? What are your interests and hobbies? We ask because if we are to meet on a regular basis we think it is important to form a friendship. You are a very good lover, Kevin, but would you mind if I guided you more and taught you what pleases me most? Do ask us questions, too. Hugs, Joyce. "

TO: Jim: " I think you would be a lot of fun socially and in bed. Before making up my mind we have some questions. Do you consider our meeting a one-night stand or are you interested in regular get-togethers, preferably some socializing followed by sex? What are your interests and hobbies. We ask because forming a friendship is important to us if you want to meet regularly so we should have some things in common. What do you do for a living? That was not clear to us at our coffee meeting? Feel free to ask quesitons as well, Joyce."

TO: Harry: "Good Evening, Stud lol. Thought a lot about you the last few days. I bet you are a terror in bed. Have some questions before I line up a hot session to see if I can take all of you in my tight opening. I am excited about meeting you but a little scared at the same time. I am worried that I may not be the kind of woman you are looking for, given your broken marriage. What kind of sex will you want? If in the heat of the moment, I am uncomfortable with whatever you want to do will you accept No and a real No? I am not into role-playing rape scenes, for example. Do you want regular sessions or just a one-time fling? We could not tell from our coffee chats but would you also be interested in socializing? If so, tell us about your interests and hobbies. And what do you do for a living? Sorry to ask so much but it is my pussy at stake, right? lol Eager to get your response, Joyce."

We decided to wait until they got those responses before we wrote any more emails, but there was one more potential player we overlooked. I went to bed but Joyce said she would put a draft email to him in the queue, which I could look at and send in the morning. All in all, not a bad day. Joyce got some good loving, released a lot of sexual tensions and hadsome potential lovers on tap.

After a late Sunday brunch, we returned to the computer. Sure enough they had responses to their mail plus 20 new ones. We set the new ones aside and did not deal with them, as They had enough on our plate at the moment.

From Kevin: "I am very pleased you have taken an interest in me. I told my wife all about you and she encouraged me to make your acquaintance as a solution to my abstinence problem. She has a sister who lives nearby who is willing to stay with my wife evenings when I am out of town on business or have to go out in the evening. Staying overnight might be possible. I am a bit of a couch potato. I play chess, bridge and read a lot. I am a fanatic about seeing foreign and older movies. I also like to go out to restaurants and bars for a drink or two and like all kinds of music, from country to bluegrass and oldies but goodies. Joyce, I am educable. I enjoy sex immensely and would follow you lead to please you as much as I can. Many thanks again for Saturday, Kevin."

From Jim: "Hi, I kind of like not to be tied down to one woman. If we hit it off we could see each other a couple times a month with the understanding I will be seeing other women. Interested in a threesome? FFM? I know a woman that might be interested. Pointed out your profile to her. I am a pharmaceutical salesman. Travel quite a bit. Like most music, going to clubs and bars and lots of sports. Having some brews while watching a game is a good way to relax for me, except to watch some porn lol. Still eager to take it to the next step."

From Harry: "I am strictly interested in a fuck buddy. If you cut the mustard I would meet you as often as you want, but thinking it over I do not like being watched. I accept No for No. Hell, I got enough of that from my ex and listened to her. I would want to take you in the ass as well as your other holes. Lots of oral, too, both ways. Not interested in socializing, just having good fuck sessions. You would not be disappointed. One-time shot is all right, too. Your call. By the way, if you have already had someone break your cherry since your husband got his dick in a sling that is all right too. After you fuck me you will forget anyone who has EVER fucked you."

There was one more from Mike to whom they had sent a msg as sooon as they got up. He originally wrote that he is separated. He is looking for regular sex partners but only one woman or couple at a time. Another ordinary-looking guy who did not write anything about his manhood or sexual prefeerences. Lives in the area and likes internet games, sports, history and travel. He is a geologist. They asked him to fill in the holes in his background and sexual activities plus endowment.

From Mike: "Good Morning, Joyce. Now that you are interested I can provide more details. I hate to type long msgs at first because most are sent in vain. I am blessed with a fairly large penis. Over seven inches and very thick. I am six feet tall and weigh about 200 pounds. Getting a little thin on top. I love giving oral sex and am open to all positions, even a little light bondage. I usually can last a half hour or more depending upon the woman. Might be able to have two erections, but cannot promise anything. Being virtually single I would welcome the company. We would not even have to have sex after each social occasion. Friendship with benefits works for me. There are no limits on my time. I would be delighted to meet you both for drinks after work; it will be my treat. Will expand more on my background then. I hope to hear from you soon."

"Bingo," I said. " We now have some concrete choices. Let's meet Mike tonight if he is free." I still think Harry is an asshole. Jim is even iffier than before but Kevin may be a hidden gem. What do you think?"

"Send Mike a msg now, Joyce eagerly replied. "I think Kevin is such a love. It might be fun to train him. My own personal love slave. Let's meet him this time at our house. I'll ask him when he might be free. Agreed? " 

"Yep, but what about Jim and Harry. "

"I'll write Jim a polite msg declining for now. Harry is getting under my skin, too. He is too full of himself; I just won't reply. We can forget him."

Mike was standing by his computer and we had no problem setting up a meeting for 7PM at an upscale bar in the basement of a luxury apartment building downtown . It turned out to be quite an evening. He was easy to identify from his photo. He was dressed smartly. Blue blazer, striped dress shirt open at the neck, gray slacks and cordovan loafers. For this meeting, Joyce chose a one-piece, short-sleeved, medium-length black dress with a high neckline that nonetheless showed off her curves as it fit snuggly. She wore three-inch, spiked heels and no stockings. If she bent forward one could just make out her ample cleavage. 

After making introductions all around, Mike asked what we would like to drink and he ordered a round. He said he would run the tab and the drinks were on him. He was drinking combari and tonic water and we ordered white wine. He said he had developed a fondness for compari after living in Italy for three years. He told us about his travels abroad with various mining companies. We chatted a bit more at the bar until a waiter could find us a quiet booth. 

We started out cautiously. Joyce and I sat on one side and Mike across from us on the other so he could talk to us both.

"Well, Folks," Mike said, "What more do you want to know about me. My life is an open book, but let me know what brings you here. Joyce's profile was provocative but I suspect there is a lot behind the scenes going on." 

We both chimed in with personal information about our interests and personal backgrounds skirting around the sexual issue. Mike was open about his marriage which went south after he had started traveling a lot and was not able to spend as much time at home as his wife expected. They agreed to separate but being a Roman Catholic she was loathe to push for a divorce, which was all right with Mike given his life style.

"So, here I am. I make good money and can support myself and a separate family in style but I am lonely as hell." 

"Have you been dating much," I asked. 

"Yeah, but not with much success. I tried some dating services, then switched to personal columns online and in the papers and then stumbled onto the adult site where we met. The problem is that being separated is a no-no for many women. Also, I ran across a number of married women who want to meet on the side. I am not into cuckolding someone's husband nor do I like going to motels for afternoon quickies. What I really want is to socialize with people and go to their or my home. What about you, folks?"

This was the moment of truth. I explained my prostate problem and the decision we made that Joyce could look for a man we could befriend who could then be intimate with her and satisfy her needs occasionally. 

"Sounds reasonable to me," Mike said. "I might be game but would have to get you know you folks better. Say, why don't I get us another round." And with that said, Mike sprung up and left us to chat.

"Honey," Joyce said, "This guy knows exactly what he wants. He is smart and a cool customer. He is kind of big, which intimidates me, but he exudes the kind of virility that Harry does, but without without the crassness. I think he is a good candidate for us. Let's tell him we are interested and ask him how we can get to know each other better." 

" I could like this guy as a buddy," I admitted. "OK, let's go the next step. When he comes back I'll go to the John and you talk to him. It is better that way." 

Just then, Mike arrived with their drinks. "My turn in the men's room, Mike. You and Joyce can keep the conversation going."

Leaning over the table, so she could talk more discreetly she inadvertently gave Mike a peek of her ample breasts. She saw him looking and blushed; he grinned. 

"Mike just what did you mean by getting acquainted more? " 

"Just that,Joyce. Have a few more drinks here, maybe have a few more at my apartment, go out together for dinner sometime, maybe take in a dinner play. No strings. Take it to any level we want." 

"Mike, you do understand that I am not interested in a one-night fling, so having an on-going friendship is important to me and Hal."

"That appeals to me, too," Mike agreed.

"Are you dating now, " Joyce asked. "To be frank, I also do not want to be just one of your string of women." 

"Fair enough. No not at the moment. I travel some still and do not want to be tied down. In about two years when my boys are finished with college my wife and I will reassess our situation. I see her every few months and we do sleep together. Sex was never a problem. We'll either reunite or I will push for a legal separation and persuade her to give me a divorce. In the meantime, finding a steady partner and friends looks like the way to go for me."

I got back to the table and saw Mike and Joyce were in a serious conversation. 

"You two look like you are plotting something," I laughed. Joyce looked kind of sheepish.

"Just working out the ground rules," Mike laughed back. 

"Fellas," Joyce interrupted, "It is my turn to take a break. Be back from the little girl's room soon."

"You have a darling wife, Hal," Mike commented. "Too bad about your situation. I have been with a couple but not for a long time. Have not had a husband just want to watch though. Have you ever considered a threesome, getting actively involved? You do not have to get an erection to have some fun."

"Joyce and I never tried group sex," I conceded. "Another man we have been in touch with also suggested I participate. In his case I was hesitant, as he was pretty nervous and inexperienced. "

"Then I would not be the first man to have sex with your wife since you became impotent?" Mike asked.

"No, but she has only been with one other man." 

"How did that work out," Mike asked. 

"Not too bad," I replied , "but the man has some time constraints and I am not sure we could become friends as we have different personalities. Does it concern you that you would not be the first one?"

"Oh, boy! Not at all. It relieves the tension for us both. She does not have to worry about what it will be like to have extra-marital sex and I would not have to worry about being able to perform well so as not to disappoint her. No problem at all." 

"Look, Hal," Mike said. "Think about joining us for a threesome. Your wife would like it and many women like their husbands to watch." 

"Your're right, Mike. I know now that I get a kick out of watching Joyce perform. I can't get hard but I do get a kind of rush from it. It probably would give me more satisfaction to know I had something to do with her having pleasure."

Joyce popped in at this point. "Secrets?"

"Nope," we both said. 

It was now about 8PM and a combo began to play popular dance thythms. . "Do you like to dance, Joyce," Mike asked. 

"I sure do and so does Hal." 

"May I have the first dance," Mike asked.

I noddded and Mike led her onto the dance floor. Mike is light on his feet and soon they were doing several dance steps together nicely. The band settled into a slow number and they got closer together. Mike primly had one hand over her shoulder and rested the other at the small of Joyce's back. 

"I wonder what is going through Joyce's mind," I asked himself. 

Joyce was having an enjoyable time. Her thoughts about Mike began to gel. She said to herself, "Mike is not terribly good-looking but he grows on you. I do wonder what it would be like to make love to him. I think I will snuggle closer to see if there is any body chemistry."

Carrying out her thought she leaned into Mike and he reacted equally. He pressed her body closer to his and now had both hands clapsed together and pressed at the small of her back. They danced several numbers in a slow box step swaying back and forth. The body heat and the wine had now taken its toll. Joyce felt warm and tingling and also felt Mike's cock starting to stiffen against her.

"Hmmm, Mike, getting frisky, huh?" 

"Who wouldn't with your body, Babe?" 

"How about a kiss?" Kike whispered. 

Joyce did not know what drove her to do it, but she took her arms which were drapped loosely around Mike's neck and thrust them between his arm pits, and hooked them over his shoulders drawing him down to her. They kissed tentatively and then passionately. 

Joyce broke off, commenting, "We better not draw too much attention to ourselves. That was nice. You are a good kisser. Let's go back to Hal so he does not get too lonely."

When they returned to the table I saw Joyce's face was a little flushed. "Honey, Mike is a pretty good dancer. Do you want a turn around the floor?" 

I saw she was just being kind, so I begged off. This time, Joyce boldly slid into the booth on Mike's side. We finished our drinks with some small talk thrown in and I could see Joyce was feeling chummy towards Mike. 
