 After enduring two stages of serving the Fraternity graduates with their bodies, the girls were about to begin the third and final stage. The horn sounded and the girls were freed from their restraints and moved to the next station. The girls were beginning to get sore and feel sluggish from the perpetual manipulation of their bodies.

Marte moved from station one, where her mouth was a free tool for the men to use, to station number two. She lay on her on her stomach. Her hips were pressed against the walls and her legs strapped against the wall. The bench she lay on was adjusted so that her vagina match the hole in the wall.

Cindy moved to station three. She lay on her back. Her legs were raised and bound to the wall. Her ass pressed against the wall. She could assume that her pussy was again available via the hole in the wall. The blindfold covering her eyes was soaked with sweat and starting to smell. Her vaginal walls were becoming raw after taking in several different size and shapes of penis.

Terra's pussy felt fulfilled after being available to the men for two consecutive stations. This time she sat on a bench with a back rest. Her blindfold was removed. Her head was placed against the wall while she straddled the bench. She caught a glimpse of the hole, in the wall, positioned just in front of her mouth. A helmet-like contraption was placed around her head. The contraption locked, holding her head to the wall. Terra was relieved this station was using a different part of her body. She was going to enjoy this stage.

The horn sounded and the group of men approached the wall. The men's excitement had dwindling from previously enjoying at least three orgasms. The first man approached station one. He saw these beautiful, pouting lips available to him. He bent down and places his lips against the mystery woman's mouth. He kissed the lips softly at first and was surprised that they kissed him back. The warm, soft lips surrounded his upper lips and sucked his lip between them.

Terra was not feeling horny at the time. That was, until she was shocked by the touch of lips, rather than a penis. Instantly, her body kicked back into overdrive like an engine roaring as the accelerator is slammed to the floor of a car. She sucked on his top lift and ran her tongue along the edge of his lips. Her tongue was met with his tongue. She opened her mouth and welcomed his darting tongue. Their tongues danced with each other.

Marte had just received an orgasm from unknown hands at the previous station while giving a blow job. Her body was filled with perspiration and still yearning for pleasure. She was breathing hard and anticipating her womb being filled. She was not disappointed as sopping pussy was filled with a thick and decently long penis. The penis slid slowly between her walls, filling her. She released a yearning moan. She realized that she was no longer resistant of this event. She was, in fact, begging for more pleasure though she had been stretched and warn.

Cindy lay with her legs spread eagle style and held her breath as she wondered what size and shape penis was about to enter her. Her wait didn't last long as she felt a long, thin penis slide inside her pussy. She thought it was a Crayola marker or something similar at first. She then realized it was in fact a penis as she felt it throb inside her. The penis quickly began to increase in speed as it thrusted deep inside her over and over at a feverish pace. Cindy did her best to grasp his penis with her inner walls. She listened to her friend, Marte, moan next to her and wished she was at the same stage. That is when she felt pressure against her stomach and hands on her "C" sized breasts.

Terra' sucked the tongue in her mouth and felt the deliciously warm lips pressed against her mouth. The kissing lasted several minutes before the mouth slowly pulled away. She felt a tongue tracing the outside of her lips and then she heard a voice whisper, "I am ready, now". Terra heard commotion on the other side of the wall as she became more aware of Marte's increasingly loud and frequent moans and groans. Hearing the sounds of her former lover were driving her crazy. Terra felt hot, swollen skin pressed against her lips and she eagerly wrapped her lips around the hard penis.

The upper body of Marte thrived on the bench as the penis bounced in and out of her starving pussy. She wanted to thrust her hips against the rock hard penis but was unable to move her hips at all because of the restraints holding her firmly against the wall. She could feel another intense orgasm quickly building inside her gut. She felt sweat running down her arms as she tightly gripped the legs of the bench she lay on. Marte could feel her inner walls spasming as they milked the penis sliding in and out of her.

Cindy momentarily forgot about the penis penetrating her and focused on the weight against her upper body. Her hands were restrained behind her hands and the blindfold restricted her view. She heard commotion around her as two hands clung to her breasts. She felt the weight lift from her body then readjust on her rib cage, just inches from her breasts. Fingers began rolling her nipples between them. She felt jolts of joy, like electricity surge up her body to her nipples. She felt the pressure between her legs suddenly disappear. This brought her focus back to her hips. The penis was replaced with warm kisses on her outer labia.

Terra swirled her tongue around the normal sized penis as it lay in her mouth temporarily motionless. Her tongue did its best to run the length of the meat's underside. She heard the man moan and she smiled. She loved to suck penis and taste the filling seed she caused. She wrapped her lips firmly around the meat as it began to slowly withdraw and then slowly re-enter her mouth. Terra wanted to grab the base of the penis, but was unable as her hands were bound behind her back.

Marte could not believe how deep the penis was filling her in the doggie-style position. She screamed as the waves of heaven flushed through her entire body. She felt her vagina walls clench tightly to the man's penis. She heard his moans accompany her as he thrusted with all his power. He grunted and made one final thrust deep inside her as he shot his wad inside the condom.

Cindy felt the hands move to the outside of her breasts and push them together while hot meat slid between her breasts. She realizes she was about to "tittie-fuck" this person. She didn't care. She was now more focused on the warm lips circling her spread labia. The lips moved at a torturous pace, slowly making large circles around her pussy. She moaned and groaned, begging for more. She felt her body begin to rock as the penis began gyrating against her chest. She heard a familiar voice say "Ohhhhhhhh".

Terra continued to alternate sucking hard and soft as the penis slid in and out of her mouth. She heard the man grunt over and over, bringing joy to her ego. Her pussy was starting to ache as the pace increased. She pressed her lips firmly against the hot meat enticing it to fill her mouth. He wish was granted just as the horn sounded. She growled in displeasure inside as she finished milking the semen from the mystery man.

Marte was lying with all her weight against the bench as she struggled to catch her breath during the intermission. She could feel her chest sticking to the bench as she moved.

Cindy was surprised the stimulation continued with the sound of the horn. She felt the tongue pause at the bottom of her pussy and slowly slide up her slit. She cooed as waves of pleasure raced through her being. She felt the penetration of her breast temporarily stop and felt liquid land on her chest. She felt fingers cover her breasts. She became aware some sort of lotion was being lathered on her chest. A few seconds later her breasts were once again pressed together. The tongue reached her aching clit that stuck out of the hood. She felt the tongue softly circle her throbbing skin then agonizingly work its way back down her slit. The tongue slightly pressed inside her walls. Her hips tried to thrust upward, only to be held tight against the wall. She was being tortured with pleasure.

The horn sounded for the start of round two. Terra welcomed a flaccid member. She enjoyed the challenge of bringing it to glory and coercing it to feed her. She sucked on the mushroom part of the head as she rolled her lips in circles. She sucked the tip as if she were sucking on a Popsicle. The penis began to slowly inch toward the back of her throat as she worked her expertise on it.

Marte lay there wondering why she was not feeling any pressure. She wondered if the girls had warn the men out. She lay and listen to Terra moan. She noticed that she had been moaning even during the intermission and wondered why. It seemed like minutes passed before she felt pressure against her crotch. She felt what felt like a thumb pressing against her sensitive clitoris. She tried to withdraw but was bound to the wall. 

The thumb pressed firmly against her body and began a steady rhythm of tapping. Each tap made her hips try to jump. The tapping continued as she felt a finger slide her pussy lips being spread with something the size of a penis. It did not feel like a penis however. It was not hot or hard like a penis. It dawned on her what the object was when she felt her inner walls begin to be stimulated with vibrations.

Cindy felt the now slick penis begin sliding against her breasts. She wanted to see the penis, taste it, lick it, suck on it. The tongue had moved to her anus opening and was circling her bud. She moaned a soft moan as the soft pressure caused her ass to pucker. She felt slick fingers roll her nipples as her breasts continued to milk this hot meat between her breasts. She heard grunts and wished she could see this man's facial expressions. Cindy gasped when she felt her pussy walls be spread by hands and felt a tongue dart inside her.

Terra felt the penis touch the back of her throat. Her jaw muscles were beginning to get sore. She stopped sucking and softly pressed her lips against the semi-hard meet. The man took a hint and began to slide his penis in and out of her mouth. Her lips softly pressing against his skin. She felt the cock begin to grow in width as she pleasured his member. She was willing him to fill her mouth.

Marte begged for more as the vibrator lay motionless vibrating her inner walls while the rhythmic pressure continued at an agonizingly slow pace. Her requests were answered as the vibrator began moving slightly. It wasn't enough movement to do much, but it was movement none the less. She moaned, "Please!"

Cindy felt the penis moving faster between her breasts, shaking her upper body back and forth. She held onto the metal feet of the bench as her nipples were pinched and squeezed. She wasn't sure she could handle another set of orgasms. She felt the tongue fucking her pussy. The wetness of the tongue felt delicious inside her spread walls. Just when she was beginning to feel a pace forming, the withdrew and was replaced by lips surrounding her throbbing clitoris which was protruding out. 

Terra felt the meat in her mouth begin to throb. She began sucking as if she was drinking from a straw as the dick slid in and out of her mouth. This caused the man to begin grunting. She knew she could get him to give her some candy. She heard her friends moaning and felt overjoyed with their reactions. She felt his penis begin slamming in and out of her mouth. Seconds later her mouth was flooded with hot semen. She tried to swallow as much as she could as the streams shot over and over in the back of her throat. She felt the fluid begin to overflow and run down the sides of her cheeks. She continued to suck the best she could, swallowing every drop possible. 

Marte felt the vibrator increase its intensity as it slid out of her vagina. It moved horizontally along her slit and took a rest on her clit. The vibrations were overwhelming her body. She knew she would only be handle to take so much. The pleasure was too much. She felt her clitoris scream as her body began to shudder and be overtaken by several sets of orgasms. Her body locked up and she held onto the bench seat best she could. After what seemed like forever in the clouds, the vibrator shut off and left her a puddle of happiness, sprawled on the bench.

Marte's moans pushed Cindy's horniness into overdrive. She groaned deeply as the soft, hot breath hit her hardened clit. Moments later the warm mouth surrounded her clit again and sucked on the tip. She wanted more; she needed more. She begged for more. She was rewarded as she felt the fingers pinch her nipples hard. The penis between her breasts shook her body violently. She heard the man grunt over and over. She felt the body lock up and shots of warmth spread all over her face. 

Terra gasp as the penis lay in her mouth. It slowly began to retract and slither backwards like a snake after a minute or two. The penis finally left her mouth. She almost screamed when she felt lips pressing against her mouth. The mouth sucked on her come filled lips and licked up the excess liquids. The tongue then entered her mouth and swirled around her tongue. She could not believe this could be another man tasting the semen.

Marte lay there gasping for air as her chest burned. She crotch ached and she felt like she could not want sex for weeks after tonight. She heard the horn and wondered how she could last one more final round. She heard little commotion. Finally she heard someone speak up.

"Are we done then? Does anyone have anything left for this round?"

Seconds of silence went by. Marte heard the man say, "Ok then. Untie the women and escort them back to the meeting room."

The girls were released from the stations. Marte was blindfolded again like her other two friends and they were escorted back to the meeting room. The girls were carefully bathed with a warm washcloth and water. 

After being cleaned the girls hands were untied then a commotion began and ended with silence a few seconds later. The girls removed their blindfolds and noticed they were alone.

A minute later, the President of the Fraternity entered the room and handed them all an envelope. He thanked them all for there services and willingness to help. The girls opened the envelopes and saw that they were given a full-expense paid cruise for 7 days to the Bahamas. 

He smiled and told them this was their reward. He instructed them to dress at their leisure and when they were ready, he would return them to their vehicles.

The girls collapsed on their beds and slept like babies.