 This is a continuation of a previous story. One of the main characters is Brett Lawson, an 18-year old, almost painfully quiet, high school senior, brown hair, brown eyes, 5" 11" with a very fit, muscular body from wrestling. The other is Diane Graham, also eighteen, with dark red hair, blue eyes, very fair skin, and a fabulous body; a popular, outgoing cheerleader. They've known each other since preschool, live two blocks apart and are casually friendly but move in different social circles.

 . . . . . . . .

I slept like a rock. Which is surprising, at least to me, because I had a life changing experience yesterday evening. I had sex for the first time. Not only did I have sex, I had it for several hours almost continuously, doing everything I'd ever imagined. Plus, it was with the best built, sexiest, prettiest girl I know; who turns out to be hornier than me, I think. For the last couple years, ever since I started jacking off, I didn't do it looking at pictures from Playboy or Hustler, I did it thinking of Diane.

Laying in bed, the whole experience runs through my mind. Monday at lunch I'm off to the side, alone as usual, and Diane sits down next to me. She runs through some odd questions. Do I think about sex? Sure. Do I masturbate? Again, sure. Where is this leading? Do I want to have sex with a girl? Of course. Have I had sex with a girl? No. And then she bites into a sandwich. Why is she asking? Oh, well, she's frustrated, really wants sex in the worst way, but every guy she's been with moved to fast and scared her. So she'd like to try it with me and go slower, with someone she could trust, that wouldn't blab about it. No question, the only trick is when and where? My parents are off to a meeting for the weekend so she comes here after dinner yesterday, Friday. She hadn't been in the house three minutes when we're both naked and she's kneeling on the floor with my cock in her mouth, sucking me off. So much for going slow. I came all over her and she apologized, saying that next time she'd do it better and go ahead and swallow since she'd learned that she liked the taste.

Then I did her. She has a fabulous body, all light pink sort of, a little patch of dark red hair over her puffy little pussy. Unbelievable breasts with nipples that were larger than I expected when I first saw her naked but ended up darker and tighter and harder once we started working on each other. I sucked on each breast and kissed and tasted her down to her thighs and then got at that lovely pussy. I had no idea what I was doing but I did what I'd read about and it all seemed to work since it drove her nuts. Tongue fucking her, licking her clit, sucking her clit while I finger fucked her. Then once she came, I got up over her and with her helping aim me and telling me she was on the pill and I didn't need a condom, got my cock into her. Wild. So much better than I'd ever imagined. Just having that great body against me and holding me and pushing against me and those beautiful legs around me trying to pull me into her ever tighter. Neither of us were virgins any more.

Then we talked a little and she started pulling on my cock to get it up again, sucking it until it got hard, then climbing on me and fucking herself with it. Watching that gorgeous body bouncing on me was indescribable. Fantastic. Things got sort of messy with her stuff and mine all over us so we took a shower together. Feeling her as I washed her and having her feel me as she washed me got me turned on again and I banged into her up against the wall. She wrapped her legs around me and as her weight would drop a little I'd lift her up again with my cock. I've never felt so horny. I fucked her like an animal, just pounding into her. She seemed to love it, came again while I was still hard.

She had said she wanted to try a 69 so we rinsed off some and right on the bathroom floor she sat on my face and started sucking again on my still hard cock. It was all just as sexy as it could get. The more we did, the pinker she got. I think maybe, the more we did, the more she wanted. But she went home because she didn't want to stay out so late her mother wouldn't let her come over again. I loaded things into the washer last night. My sheets and some towels had our cum all over. 

She said she'd be back right after breakfast. Which makes me realize that if I want breakfast, I better get busy and get it because she'll probably be her early, just as she was yesterday. I normally sleep in PJ bottoms or shorts but since I was naked from being with Diane, I just stayed naked. So I'm naked now, with a big boner from just remembering last evening. If this was a week ago, I'd jack off. But with Diane coming, I don't want to waste anything. I'll need it for her. So I run down into the kitchen and get some cereal and milk and start scarfing it down. 

And then there she is, at the sliding glass door to the back yard. Beautiful. Her face flushed. She probably ran over here. I get up and open the door. "Great, Brett," she almost yells as she comes in. "You're already naked." She starts pulling her sweat shirt up over her head. No bra, just those luscious breasts showing up, the nipples large and soft looking. "I've been dreaming about what we did all night. I keep seeing your delicious cock in my sleep even," and she gives me a big grin as she steps out of her shorts and sandals. She starts pulling down her panties. "I've been drooling just thinking of it." With that, she's naked and puts her arms around me and we hold each other and kiss. 

My cock had gone down as I ate cereal but popped up again as she started taking her clothes off. I'm still holding her butt, feeling its firmness, kissing her, as she pushed a hand in between us to get her fingers wrapped around my cock. She breaks the kiss and drops out of sight and starts licking my cock, holding it and sort of moaning and making noises as she slurps a little, spreading her saliva all over it before getting her mouth over the head and starting to swallow it as she continues to lick.

She pulls loose for a moment, still holding it. "I want to try making this last. Taste you, feel you, all sexy." Then she's got her lips around my cock again and is licking and sucking. Her hand that's not holding my cock starts feeling my balls.

"If you're going to try and make it last," I said, "maybe I should sit down and just watch you." She looks up at me, my cock still in her mouth, and I reach back and slide a chair over to me from the breakfast table. As I start to sit down, she takes her mouth off me but still holds on. 

Just as I get settled, sitting on the very edge of the chair, she grins and says, "I want to suck this like a lollipop. Like an all day sucker." She gets her lips over it and starts sucking again. Then lifts back and looks at it and grins. "Like a Tootsie Pop that gives you a treat in the middle, this'll give me a treat at the end. A mouthful of sex." Then she has her lips around me again. She really doesn't attack it, just seems to suck and lick and taste me. She pulls loose a couple times and sort of smiles at my cock, licks up and down, and then gets her lips around it again. Once she stares at my balls and kisses them, sticks her tongue out and licks them a little, but then gets her mouth around my cock again. I just sit there and watch her, that lovely, sexy, naked body kneeling on the floor, sucking my cock. After several minutes she looks up at me, pulls her mouth back. "I can't do this. I've got to really have sex, get you to cum," she says and then starts using her hand to jack me off while she moves her head back and forth, sucking on me and her other hand really works on my balls. This is all beyond belief, as sexy as anything can get. I don't last more than another minute or so and start spurting into her mouth. Her lips stay locked around me and I can see her throat moving as she swallows. Once I finally shoot off my last, she pulls back and grins at my red cock and slowly licks and sucks it clean. She sits back on her legs and looks up at me. "I love your cock," she says, smiling. 'I love everything about sucking you, it's just all so perfect."

I get up and reach down and get my hands under her armpits and help lift her as she also stands. I wrap my arms around that beautiful body and press against her and kiss her. I kiss onto her shoulders, my hands roaming all over that sexy body. They finally stop at her breasts and I lean down enough to get my mouth to her breast and suck on her nipple. I'd love to tell her how perfect she is and how much I want her and I can't think of any words that can describe it all. I step back slightly, lift her and set her on the kitchen table and move between her legs. I suck on her other breast and start kissing down her stomach. She spreads her legs, knowing where I'm headed. I kneel on the floor and look at that perfect pussy, already glistening, ready for me. I grab her hips and pull her forward so her pussy is out off the table and I can get at all of it. "I want to do what you did," I tell her, "Suck on you and taste you and savor you for as long as I can." I lean into her and start licking. I use my hands to put her lower legs on my shoulders, her knees falling off to each side, leaving her wide open for me. I want to make it easy for her as well as for me. 

I lick up and down, back almost to her ass hole and then up to her clit. I get my tongue in her as far as I can and lick around. I read about doing the alphabet and try that. I can feel her getting a little softer or mushier and I can hear her making growling sort of noises. I get my mouth over her whole pussy and try and suck it into my mouth. I like this. I really do. I like the feel, the taste, the way she moans and sort of shudders, enjoying everything I'm doing. After just a couple minutes, I realize, as she did with me, that I really want to make her cum. So I move my mouth up to her clit and start licking it, sucking on it. I slide a couple fingers into her and push them way in, then slide them out a little, over and over, as I keep working on her clit. Her growls turn to light shouts, her hips start jumping, she gets even mushier. Then she really yells and I can feel my fingers getting wet so I move my mouth down to suck her cum out of her. Her legs come together, her thighs on either side of my head. Her hands push on the back of my head, holding me in against her as she keeps on cumming and I keep on sucking.

Finally she lets go of me, her legs move away some, even coming down off my shoulders. "Fuck Brett, that was unbelievable," she says, laying back on the table but propped up on her elbows. 

"Well, fuck Diane," I say to her, "that's what I want to do. Let's try something we haven't done. Let me get you off that table and turned around so you can lean on it and I can come in to you from behind. She gets a big grin on her face and almost jumps off and gets in position. I hold my very hard cock and get it sliding in just under her ass hole and in one push I'm fully into her very wet, very ready pussy. I lean over her and with both hands hold her breasts as I start moving my hips back and forth, sliding my cock in and out. She sort of grunts with each of my pushes into her. I feel her nipples, tweak them between my fingers. Then I move one hand off her breast and down across her stomach to her clit, right above where my cock is pounding in and out. I start massaging her clit as I keep on fucking her. Her grunts turn into almost howls and I can feel her cumming again around my cock. I stand up straighter, move both hands to her hips and hold her as I go as fast and as hard as I can, banging into her. 

She just takes it for a moment and then starts pushing her hips back at me and we're really banging into one another over and over and over. Her grunts return. We really last but I can finally feel my balls doing something and my cock actually getting even harder and I push as far into her as I can and just hold it as I shoot off every drop, in several bursts. 

I pull back and she looks back at me, over her shoulder, to make sure, I guess, then straightens up. She walks funny, trying to hold her legs together, over to the counter, where she grabs some paper towels and puts them like a diaper up between her legs. "Oh fuck, Brett, that was the best ever. I almost went out of my mind it was all so much. But I need to get to a bathroom and clean off some of this."

"I need to, too," I say. "We can go up stairs or just over there," as I pointed to the door to a lavatory off our living room. She waddled over to the door, I followed, and she sat on the john as she wiped. I gave her a wash cloth, wetting it first, and she washed herself some as I hung my cock and balls over the sink and washed them with my hands and some water. I gave her a face towel and I took one and we both dried off.

She looks at my cock and balls and smiles. As we walk out into the living room she says, "You know, Brett, we should call some friend of yours and get another guy here. You're not going to be hard again for a little while and if we had a second hard cock here, I could suck on it or fuck it while you recuperated."

"You're not serious," I reply.

"Yes I am," she tells me.

"But that's, I don't know, maybe sort of slutty, having two guys at once, isn't it?"

"But I am a slut," she answers, grinning. "I thought about it last night. I'm obsessed with cocks. Yours for now but I realized that over the next few years I want as much cock as I can get. So I am a slut, I just don't want to get that reputation. So why not call someone and get them over here?"

"That's sort of weird, though," I say to her. "What if I wanted a second girl here instead. Two girls that I could use. You wouldn't think that was any good."

She gave a big grin. "Yes I would! I mean, if I want as much cock as I can, you should want as much pussy as possible. I bet I could call Marian and she'd come over. We've talked about sex and how frustrated we both are and how much we both wanted to finally do it so I bet she'd love to."

"Marian Selis?" I answer.

"See," Diane says, grinning even more, "Your cock almost jumped just saying that. You'd love to fuck Marian wouldn't you?"

As I mentioned earlier, I jacked off for a couple years thinking about Diane. I think Diane is the sexiest female possible. But Marian is actually just as sexy. They're the two most popular cheerleaders at the school. Marian is slimmer. She may not be taller, I'm not sure, but she seems to be tall and slim. Breasts not as large as Diane's but with a gorgeous, round butt and long, lovely legs. Blonde. Beautiful face. She's modeled for several local store catalogs and ads. At school she has the reputation of being the Ice Princess, beautiful but unobtainable. I have to admit, the very idea of fucking Marian, of eating her pussy, of having those long legs around me, turns me on.

Diane grins at me some more. "See, you would like her, wouldn't you? I'll call her." She goes to the phone in the living room and dials a number. She motions for me to come over to her. "Marian?" She says into the phone. "Diane." She pulls me down to sit next to her and puts my hand on her breast while she puts her other hand on my cock. "We've talked a lot about sex, about how much we both want to try it. Well, I've done it. I spent last evening at Brett Lawson's and we did everything we've ever talked about." She listens for a moment. "Yeah, he licked me to orgasm, I sucked him to orgasm and we fucked. He fucked me and then I climbed on him and fucked him. Everything." "She listens again. "Oh yeah, it's all even better than anything I ever imagined. You know how you can finger yourself to an orgasm? Well having him give me an orgasm is a million times better. Just wild!" She listens again. "No, don't start fingering yourself. Save it. Look, I'm at Brett's right now. We're both naked. We just fucked. He's playing with my titty right now and I'm playing with his cock trying to get it hard again. So come over right away and get naked and join us. I'll share. We can start by sucking on his really delicious cock and then I'll get him to lick you until you cum. Come over right now, around to the back and in through the kitchen and I'll try and get him hard again by the time you get here." Listens. "O.k.?" Listens again, then hangs up. "She'll be here in two minutes."

On the one hand, I'm aroused and can't deny it. On the other I'm sort of wondering what I've gotten myself into. Diane leans down and sucks on my soft cock and I can feel it stirring. I've cum twice this morning and I know the next time, I should last a while. I've got what I've dreamed about so why do I have this nagging concern that this isn't exactly the way I wanted it to be? I'm naked with the girl of my dreams. But I think that I think differently about her than she does about me. I'm not madly in love, wanting to marry her, or anything. This really is just sex, even for me. But I guess I have some level of romance about it that she doesn't seem to have. It's like I'm just the available erection and nothing more. But what's wrong with that? I still get to have sex with her. And that's what I want, isn't it? And now, Marian. Can one of the prettiest girls in the school, a real beauty, the Ice Princess, actually come over here and start sucking my cock just because she's told that it's available? Start fucking me just to find out what a cock feels like up inside her? Well, I guess if she shows up, that's what it's all about. Both girls will just use me as an available male body, an erect cock. And then there's a question of a second guy. Diane wants a second cock to keep her occupied continuously when my erection is recuperating. And if there's a second girl, Marian, a second guy will definitely be needed. Who do I get? Can I really fuck Diane while right next to me someone else is fucking? Or, next to me someone else is fucking Diane? This isn't just me enjoying Diane any more, this is becoming something else entirely. A sex orgy? Is this really what I want?

Marian's at the sliding door in the kitchen. Diane calls out, "Marian, come on in, he's just about erect again!" She's actually here. As I look at her, she's even more beautiful than I remember. "Marian, this is like a hands-on sex education class with a live model. Take your clothes off and come here and get hold of this delicious cock of his."

She's actually taking her clothes off. Grinning and pulling her blouse up over her head. What do I do? "Uh, hi, Marian," I manage to get out, watching her become naked. She has a terrific body. Breasts aren't as big as Diane's but they're sure there. And long legs. Beautiful face and lovely blonde hair, looking like she's posing for a magazine cover. She g;lances at me and smiles but doesn't say anything, then turns her attention to my cock as she steps out of her slacks. I'm surprised how nice her breasts are. Coming down off her chest they're sort of like ski jumps with the nipple at the end, almost pointing up, supported on half-globes. Diane's are more like very large grapefruits on her chest, larger and more fully round. I don't know beans about bra sizes but Diane's probably a C, maybe a D, and Marian's probably a B, but still plenty there. I'll love to feel them. And legs, wow! WithDiane, from the top of her head down to her vagina, is perhaps half of her height. Her legs may be half her height. But Marian, even though she's probably the same overall height as Diane, her whole body is slightly smaller, just as her breasts are, but her legs are definitely longer. It's a little like having a naked Barbie show up. Her pubic hair is darker than the hair on her head but still fairly light.

Now she's kneeling next to Diane and putting her hand around my cock. "Hold it," Diane says, "Feel it, lick it a little, isn't it just the greatest?" These two lovely, naked girls are both holding my cock, their mouths on either side of it, licking. "Put your mouth over the end, get it in your mouth," Diane says. Marian does. I can feel her mouth holding me. "Suck on it." She does. Diane slides her hand up and down some. "Feel the way the skin moves." Marian keeps on sucking me. "I've already sucked him until he came in my mouth and then he ate me and then fucked me until he came in me. I've had three orgasms already. Since he's already cum so much, this time he ought to last. So we don't want to make him cum again until he fucks us. Which do you want first, do you want to fuck him or have him eat you to orgasm?"
