 This is a continuation of Martha Joins The Group.

Everyone had eaten dinner, had a couple of drink, and were paired off for the night. Herb was bedding with Velma, who is my stepmother. My father, Mac, was going to be fucking Emmy Lou, who is Herb's wife. Jim is sleeping with Martha, who is the new Hucow, and I'm with Becky, who is Herb and Emmy Lou's daughter.

Each has seen Martha be milked with the machine twice today as she was also being fucked by Herb at the same time. She also had Jim's cock in her mouth the second time she was milked.

It was a bout 2:00 in the morning when I felt something wet in my ear. I reached for my ear then felt a hand on my cock.

"John. I need to piss. I really have to go." said Becky. We got out of bed with her hanging onto my cock and headed for the bathroom. The night light was on so it wasn't dark and the door was open.

We stopped short of going in as there sat Emmy Lou on the toilet presumably taking a piss while Mac was standing in front of her with his rather erect cock in her mouth.

Becky just said. "Oh mother. Are you giving Mac a blow job while you piss? Please don't hurry. I have to piss too but I'll use the other toilet and you can finish sucking him off."

I looked at Emmy Lou and my father as she sucked his cock. I could tell my father was enjoying himself as he was playing with Emmy Lou's lovely teats as she sucked him off.

Becky sat down on the other stool and immediately began pissing, taking my prick and putting it in her mouth as she pissed.

Suddenly I heard my father say "Here comes your pollen you big whore." and he erupted into Emmy Lou's mouth. He must have given her a huge dose because it began seeping out the corners of her mouth and dripping down onto her stocking tops. She continued sucking his cock until he told her that was enough. Then she stood up, wiped her mouth off and told him to eat her wet cunt.

As Emmy Lou got off the toilet Mac sat down. She stood in front of him and spread her wet hairy cunt lips open and Mac slipped his tongue in her cunt and began licking her clit and pee hole. Emmy Lou proceeded to have a nice climax and told my father he had done his job. Emmy Lou waved good bye to us and they left.

Becky proceeded to piss and suck my cock. I told her I wanted to fuck her and deposit my semen in her cunt. She finished pissing and didn't wipe her wet hairy cunt, but said she wanted to use the bidet and wash herself. So she got off the toilet and moved over and sat on the bidet. I turned the water on and adjusted the temperature. She spread her cunt lips open and eased herself down onto the nozzle and let the warm water go up into her vagina. She sat there for about two minutes just letting the warm water wash her cunt out. Finally she told me to turn the water off and she got off the bidet. I wiped her very wet cunt with a towel and we headed back to bed.

Becky laid down, spread her legs wide open and said "I want that fat prick of yours inside me and filling my cunt up. I need you to unload your baby batter inside me and make me climax darling."

I crawled between her legs as she opened her cunt lips and guided my fat cock into her cunt.

"Now fuck me good and hard with it dear and make me climax six or seven times before you fill me up with your pollen." she said.

I began giving her a good hard fucking with my turgid prick and felt the walls of her cunt get wet as she began to climax. Unable to hold back any longer, I told her I was going to fill her cunt up with baby batter and proceeded to blast about five or six good strong shots of semen i her cunt. She wiggled and squirmed as I erupted and called me a big motherfucker.

When I got off her, Becky wanted to lick my spent cock clean and suck all the excess semen off it.

As we began to settle down again, we heard footsteps in the hallway. Getting up quietly to investigate we saw Velma and Herb going to the bathroom, presumably to piss. We got out of bed quietly and headed down the hallway to see if they left the door ajar. 

They not only left the door ajar, the left it wide open so we could see them clearly.

Velma was standing holding Herb's uncut peter as he was pissing. She hadn't pulled his foreskin back, so he was peeing through it.

Velma said. "I love holding a mans cock when he is pissing. Mac loves for me to do it, then suck the head of it when he is finished. Would you enjoy having me suck the head of your cock when you finish pissing Herb? I think I would enjoy doing that to your cock. Maybe even let you get a hard on and blast a load of warm creamy semen on my face or in my mouth."

"I think I'd like for you to give me a blow job and let me shoot my pollen in your mouth Velma." Herb replied. "Does Mac let you play with his nuts when you suck his cock?"

"He loves me to fondle his nuts when I'm sucking him off. He tells me it causes him to shoot more semen than he normally would." Velma said. "I wonder how Martha likes sucking Jim's cock? I hope she wants to be milked again in the morning. I think she really likes being a Hucow."

"Well." Herb said. "I know she really got my prick wet when I was fucking her and she was being milked by the machine. Her cunt was a little wet when I slipped my cock inside her, but about twenty seconds later, she was soaking wet and my cock was sliding in and out of her cunt very easily. So I think she enjoyed having her teats milked."

"Mac loves it when I tell him I want to be milked like a cow. He tells me I never need to wear a bra, but I really do. My teats aren't very big, but if I go without a bra the nipples always show and where I work that's a bit of a no no. But when I'm home, I leave my bra off so he has access to my teats at all times. He wants me to get them pierced but I haven't decided to do that quite yet." Velma told Herb.

Velma said. "We have good friends we play cards with and she has very large teats with huge nipples. She would be an excellent Hucow and I think she would like the milking machine hooked up to her teats then be fucked at the same time. Perhaps we can run it by your wife and Martha and see if they think it would be alright. Her husband Peter has an interesting prick too. It isn't very long, but it has a mushroom shaped head on it that will make any woman love it because it's so big and fat."

"Oh look. You're finished pissing. Let me sit down, piss, and suck your anteater cock so you can blast your nuts off in my mouth." Velma said "Would you enjoy good blow job on your cock and shoot your semen in my mouth?"

"I think I would. Becky, my daughter, likes to suck my cock when I finish shaving in the mornings. She comes in the bathroom to piss and I'm standing at the lavatory shaving. She'll just fondle my prick till she gets it nice and hard, then she peels my foreskin back and take the head of it in her mouth and begins sucking on it. Drives me nuts because she loves it when I shoot my pollen in her mouth. When she sucks me off, I always seem to have more semen then when I'm fucking her." Herb replied.

"Well then, let me sit and begin pissing, then I'll pop your prick in my mouth and give you a good blow job." Velma told him. She began pissing and Becky and I could clearly hear her stream hitting the water in the bowl. She must have peed for about ninety seconds then gave Herb's cock a vigorous blow job. He lasted about two minutes then blew his nuts off in Velma's mouth. She cleaned off his cock then stood up and told him to clean her wet cunt off with his tongue.

We went back to our bedroom and fell asleep at once. About five thirty I heard someone going down the hallway to the bathroom and concluded it must be Jim and Martha. I got up and went to see if they had closed the door. seeing it was wide open sneaked over to it and watched as Martha sat on the toilet and said to Jim. "I'll suck your cock while I piss, then you can eat my wet pussy." She took Jim's cock and put it in her mouth and I could clearly hear the hissing sound as she began pissing. 

By the time Martha was finished pissing Jim was in full erection and seconds later he spurted about seven streams of semen in Martha's mouth and on her face. She swallowed all of it, then took her fingers and wiped the rest of it away and put her finger in her mouth and swallowed that too.

Martha got off the toilet and went to the bidet and told Jim to turn the water on very slowly so it didn't squirt all over the place. He did as she told him then she sat down on the tube and let the water rush into her cunt.

"Oh Jim. That warm water feels so good in my cunt. You have filled me up twice tonight and I think I'm going to do nothing today except suck cocks." Martha told him.

By the time everyone got up in the morning it was nine o'clock. Some of the women had changed stockings and garter belts and Velma and Emmy Lou had slipped into a bra to support their teats, although Emmy Lou's was a cut out bra that let her huge nipples show.

None of the men were wearing briefs or DK's, so their cocks were all dangling down in front of them with the heads all covered with their foreskins. None of them seemed anxious to start fucking around with any of the women.

Mac and Herb fixed Bloody Mary's and Martha and Becky began breakfast. Coffee was put on and those that smoked went out on the patio for a cigarette and to drink. 

Suddenly I saw my stepmother spread her legs apart and the pee began splashing own on the patio as she was taking a drink of her Bloody Mary.

"Mac." Herb asked. "What the hell is Velma doing out on the patio? It looks like she's pissing all over the place."

"Well Herb. She has a somewhat weak bladder and when she has a drink or two that causes her to have to piss rather suddenly. So she is watering the patio at the moment. Looks like some of it is running down her legs and soaking her nylons, doesn't it? She has several other pairs with her so she can simply change stockings when she finishes."

Suddenly the flow subsided and Velma turned around and came back in the house as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened.

"I had to piss." she said. "Got my stockings all fucking wet too didn't I? Guess I'll put on a different pair before breakfast. John, go in my overnight case and bring me a pair with Manhattan heels on them. The dark brown ones will do nicely. You may take these damp ones with you." she said as she unfastened the garters and slipped the stockings down her legs.

John came back in two minutes with a dark brown pair of stockings for Velma. She carefully folded one down and slipped it over her foot making sure the seams were straight as she pulled it up her leg and thigh. She fastened the front and side garters to it than did the same thing to the other stocking. When she was finished she asked Mac to fasten the rest of the garters for her until all eight were fastened. Checking her seams, she did a little pirouette and Herb exclaimed. "Oh my God. Those are such sexy looking stockings. If you had been wearing them last night my prick would have needed to fuck you at least one more time."

"Breakfast is on." Becky hollered. "Everyone find a place at the table and Martha will ask a blessing for the food and whatever else."

"Bless this food to our use and let each of us have a blessed sexy day today. Maybe a new Hucow will appear and get milked. Amen" Martha said. Everyone began eating as though they were famished. There were two pitchers of Bloody Mary's and Martha and Emmy Lou had two or three. Becky had one, but Velma informed everyone she was not a breakfast person and why she didn't eat breakfast. So she simply had a cup or two of coffee.

Suddenly, Emmy Lou suggested we invite Mac and Velma's friends, Margie and Peter, to join us for the day. She said that Velma had told her that Margie had a very beautiful pair of teats with nice firm nipples that would look very nice being milked by the machine. Emmy Lou also told the group that Peter had a nice cock with a very fat mushroom head on it that was a little different from most men's cocks.

Emmy Lou wanted to know if the group would have any objection to Velma or Mac inviting them to Martha's home for the day and evening so they could participate with the group.

Normally quiet Becky said, "I'd love to see Peter and his unusual peter. I can't envision a man whose cock head looks like a mushroom. I'd really like to see it."

"When you see his prick Becky, you'll understand what I told your mother about it. It looks like a mushroom, but he can really fuck with it though." Velma told her.

"If no one objects then I'll let Velma call Margie and invite them to come to Martha's today for a little fun and excitement." Emmy Lou said. "Do you know their phone number Velma?"

"Sure. Where is your phone Martha? I'll call her right now." Velma said.

Martha brought Velma the phone and she dialed a number from memory.

"Oh Margie." Velma said as someone answered the phone. "Mac and I are at a friends home and there are eight of us here. We are having a little get together and I said something about Hucow's and told them about you and Peter. They wanted to know if you might like to come over and be a part of the group today and tonight. We have the machine here at Martha's. She has already been on it twice yesterday and loves it. Wonderful. Here's the address, Pack a little overnight case and wear your black nursing bra or black cutout bra and bring a pair or two of DK's and extra stockings too. Peter needs to wear his lingerie. Everyone is excited about seeing his prick. Why don't you try to be here about noon and have lunch with us?"

Velma hung up the phone and said. "I guess you heard. They will be here before noon and will join us. Now, if you will excuse me, I need to use the toilet. John and Becky, would you give me a hand please?"

As the three of them headed for the toilet, Herb said to Mac. "Velma has a nice ass on her and she wears her stockings up close to her cunt like Emmy Lou does. When Emmy sits down to piss, she sometimes has pee running down her thighs and frequently gets the welt of her stockings wet. If she is wearing briefs, she also doesn't always wipe her wet cunt and the gusset of her briefs gets a little wet too."

Mac replied . "Velma doesn't wear briefs or DK's during the day when she's home. When I come home for lunch, she's either ready to have me fuck her or she is going to suck my cock and let me feed her some warm semen. If I fuck her, she she puts on a pair of briefs to catch the drippings. When I gt home after work, I get to feel how wet her briefs are and she takes them off and goes commando for the rest of the day."

Martha interjected. "I feel left out. Are you guys talking about fucking women? If so, I'd like to be included in the conversation. I just had the best time of my life yesterday after Jim fucked me and I had the milking machine on my teats two different times. It felt so good to have Jim's cock inside my cunt filling me up with semen and sperm. I'll want to see Margie hooked up to the milking machine and see her teats sucked."

About that time Velma, John, and Becky returned and Velma simply told everyone that her mission was accomplished and she was good until tomorrow morning.

Martha said if she didn't pee right this minute, the chair seat might get wet. Herb indicated he needed to empty his radiator too, so Martha, Herb, Mac, and Emmy Lou all got up and headed for the patio. Jim stayed at the table and had Velma sit beside him so she could play with his cock while others peed.

It was fun sitting at the table and watching the four of them as they went out to pee. Emmy Lou and Martha just bent their legs a little bit, spread their cunt lips open and began pissing. Herb and Mac each gave their cocks a little tug, but not enough to expose the head of their cocks and began pissing. Herb must really have needed to go as his spurted out in front of him about four feet. Mac's spray didn't go quite as far. The women simply pissed on the grass in front of the patio. When Emmy Lou finished, she took hold of Mac's cock and began spraying it all over the grass. When he finished, she bent down and took it in her mouth and sucked him for about thirty seconds.

Martha peed longer than Emmy Lou, but when she finished she took hold of Herb's cock, who was finished, and stuck the unexposed head of it in her mouth and stroked him as she sucked him.

Becky just told Jim, John, and Velma that her daddy loved having his cock sucked and she enjoyed sucking it. So Martha was giving him a lot of pleasure.

Al four of them came back inside and sat down. Becky told them it looked as though they were all having a good time pissing then the men having their peters sucked.

Almost eleven o'clock the doorbell rang. Martha got up to answer it, but Velma went with her. We heard Velma exclaim that Margie and Peter were here. They all came into the dining room where Margie took off her coat. She was wearing a black cut out bra that clearly showed off her prominent nipples as well as an eight strap garter girdle and very sheer dark brown stockings and two inch pumps.

Peter removed his coat and showed his feminine side as he was wearing a six strap black garter belt holding up beautiful dark brown flocked stockings and two inch pumps. His peter was dangling between his legs and is foreskin entirely covered the head of it.

Velma made all the introductions as Martha took their coats and hung them up. Becky took the overnight case from Margie and set it in the living room. She hurried back because she wanted to see Peter's cock head.

Jim said. "Margie. I know you and Peter from church. I don't always attend the Mass you two do, but I've seen you there. You also come into the store where I help women find shoes and fit their feet for them. You've given me more than one good shot up your dress to gaze at your hairy pussy."

"Oh that's where I know you from Jim." Margie replied "I told Peter I remembered you from the shoe store. You're a very good salesman and Mel needs to keep you."

Becky said. "I want to see this fabulous mushroom head on Peter's cock so please, someone, pull his anteater foreskin back, so I can see it."

Margie went to Peter and said " You're cock precedes you. They can't believe you have a mushroom shaped head on your cock. Shall I skin you back and let them gaze at it dear?"

"Sure." Peter replied. They'll see it sooner or later today, so it might as well be right now. Then we can all have a drink because I haven't pissed in about three hours and I'll really need to go soon."

Everyone gathered as close as they could except Velma and Mac. They had already seen it from playing bridge with Margie and Peter. Margie deftly pushed Peter's foreskin back until it was exposing his cock head.

"Oh my God." exclaimed Becky. "I can't believe I'm seeing the head of a man's cock that really resembles a big mushroom. How does a woman get that cock in her cunt?"

"It's very easy darling. Once your pussy is all wet and you spread your cunt lips wide open, his cock ides inside you nice and easy. When he unloads his pollen in your cunt, you will feel it get even larger than it is now and it will make you feel so good."

Martha asked. "Do you ever suck his cock? If you do, do you let him shoot his semen in your mouth?"

"Yes and yes." Margie replied. "I love to suck his short fat cock because I can get it all in my mouth and give it a good workout with my tongue. I know when he's ready to shoot and encourage him to blast off. I love swallowing his semen."

"Now. Are you all happy with what you've seen? I understand from Velma that they have their milking machine here and that Martha had her teats milked twice yesterday while she was being fucked both times "

"Oh Margie. It felt so good because I needed a good fucking to begin with and Herb gave it to me, but having my teats milked at the same time was just glorious. I simply came and came and came. We're hoping you'll want your lovely teats milked today too." 
