 [This is a work of fiction. The story is an unadulterated and unabashed attempt to tickle male fantasies and perhaps some female fantasies as well. As such, it may or may not totally conform to reality, All locations, events, and characters are fictitious and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.]

*****



GETTING READY



I looked at my nude reflection in the bedroom full length mirror. It was a warm, late afternoon in June as I got myself ready to attend the twentieth anniversary of my high school graduating class. I was quite confident in my new maturity.

I'd made the three hour flight back to my hometown the day before and was staying with my high school girlfriend, Sue Ellen, at her house for two days and a night. She and her husband had a huge house in the suburbs. I'd stayed in touch by pictures, letters, phone, and more recently, e-mails, but I'd not seen Sue Ellen in person since graduation.

The evening would start with a six o'clock dinner/cruise on a river steamboat which would run for an hour and a half upriver and then an hour and a half return to the dock. This wasn't a gambling boat, but a cruise only. For other occasions, the boat could be rented for longer cruises and stateroom cabins rented for overnighters. The second half of the night would be a dance at the local country club from nine until whenever.

I'd had four years of undergraduate study, a year for an MBA, and fifteen years as a highly successful CPA behind me. I was still single and my own boss with my own business. Thus I was self confident and relaxed as I looked forward to a great evening. 

I wasn't worried about how I stacked up against the successes or failures of any other class member. I could simply enjoy the evening and observe how my classmates behaved and interacted. The night should prove quite interesting.

This was my first reunion since graduation. I'd missed the first one at ten years. Though confident, I wondered if anyone would be any different from what they'd been back in high school. Time would tell.

I'd just toweled off after stepping out of the shower, part of the guest suite I was using in Sue Ellen's house, as these thoughts coursed through my mind. Slowly, I turned a full circle and then came to a stop facing the mirror. Not a bad bod for a gal pushing forty.

Unconsciously, my left hand rose to my chest made slow, lazy circles around my right boob and nipple while my right hand dropped lightly to my pussy mound. The term statuesque entered my mind. I'd just turned thirty-nine in May and my venus like figure on a six foot frame carried not an ounce of fat--at least not yet.

My daily, early morning workouts and careful diet were the reason. My boobs, capped with rosy aureola and taught nipples, were larger than average, but not mountainous. My hips flared nicely from a narrow waist and I carried a tight ass behind me.

I think my head of flaming red hair, which was full and hung down shoulder length, is nicely matched by a flaming red landing strip of pubic hair only an inch wide and two inches long.

My stomach was still quite tight and I believe I have the cutest, tightest little butt ever. Svelte thighs, shaped calves, and tight ankles lead to my small feet with straight and well formed toes--just perfect for sucking--at least I think so. Both my toenails and my fingernails are painted a brilliant, shinning red to match my favorite color of lipstick.

My hands quickened their pace. My nipples were fully erect and tingling. My pussy demanded further, more rigorous action. I inserted first one and then two fingers. I humped those fingers for all I was worth. I still needed something more.

On my trips, whether for business or pleasure, I always bring along my friend, Mr. Dick. That's my favorite dildo. I pulled my fingers from my aching pussy and hurriedly dug Mr. Dick out of my luggage. Rubbing him along my slit provided more than adequate lubrication in my fully wet pussy.

Mister Dick's large head penetrated my slit easily and centered on the opening to my pleasure center. That bulbous head was the first inch and a half of the twelve inch dildo and, with a push, it penetrated my channel. I moaned in relief as a second inch went in. A third inch brought more moans, deep ones.

I had to flop back on the bed as I fed more and more of Mr. Dick into my depths. At last, I took all that I could handle in my box and simultaneously erupted into a shattering climax. It took me some minutes to recover and then get myself cleaned up again.

Well, enough of this, time to get back to the business at hand-- like what to wear tonight?

After giving myself one more admiring glance in the mirror as I passed it by, I then turned to my luggage to determine which outfit to wear. I wanted to look sexy and provocative. With my wardrobe, that wouldn't be difficult.

I'd packed four different ensembles to meet a range of moods I might be in when it came time to dress for the event. I decided to go for broke tonight as a sultry siren/slut on the make. I'd enjoyed a somewhat loose reputation in school anyway, so I started by skipping the lingerie--no bra and no thong.

With that decision made, I ended up choosing a very low cut, all white top that plunged all the way to my navel and revealed a major portion of my boobs on either side of my cleavage, not to mention a large piece of the outside of each as well. In fact, the front exposure even included a portion of the inside edge of my very large aureole.

This top would also allow my nipples, which tended to erect strongly under any kind of stimulation, to tent out the small amount of covering they had and show the outline of what was left very clearly. The top was backless, just a small loop of material surrounds my neck to hold it up.

I chose a full, black flounce skirt that barely made mid thigh in length. Leaning over would have to be a calculated maneuver as a full boob slip would be an ever present possibility, if not a total likelihood. And that's not to mention the baring of my ass that would also result from this maneuver. 

Sitting and positioning my long legs would also need to be calculated as to when an how much of my bare pussy would be allowed to show. Provocative indeed!

I also chose shear, black thigh highs with matching black garter belt, and black, patent leather, stiletto heeled shoes. A single strand, real peal necklace with matching pearl earrings would complete the ensemble. I laid these aside long enough to do my make up.

Still naked, I sat down in front of the large vanity mirror to make up my face, but as a result of thinking the erotic thoughts that came to mind as I chose my wardrobe, I first had to once more give my reflection the once over. As I did, irresistibly, I gently massaged one boob again and then the other with my left hand. The nipples instantly jumped to full erection. Color flowed into my face. 

Christ, not again girl, you nympho, you've got to get ready for the evening. 

But I couldn't help myself, insatiable as I am.

A soft moan rose that quickly became louder as I also again rubbed between my legs with the other hand. My middle finger penetrated my slit, opening my nether lips. Moisture oozed over my fingers as I eased two and then three fingers into my cunt. I was soon bucking in rhythm with my fingers, slowly at first, but then faster and harder as a fourth finger found its way into my pleasure center.

I stopped only long enough to pick up Mr. Dick again and rub him up and down my once more very wet gash. My female juices were soaking the towel on the vanity seat as I eased the dildo into my now throbbing love tunnel.

The long dildo went into my pussy only head deep at first, then slowly, it sank in, deeper and deeper until I had it buried as far as I could take it. Two in and out thrusts and I climaxed for the second time. All I could do was moan for several minutes and then I gave a final, deep shudder.

As I did, a sound from behind me caused me to look up into the mirror and I found Sue Ellen's husband, Frank, standing in the open door to my room, a leering grin on his face and lust in his eyes. He was in T shirt and boxers but had his cock sticking out and encircled by his stroking hand. And I might add, it was a very big cock at that. He stood there, slowly jacking himself as he watched me. It was his heavy breathing I'd heard that caused me to look up.

"Your moans attracted my attention, girl and I got here in time to save you, er, uh, that is to watch the closing act or so."

All I could do was shudder once more as a final shiver of my climax claimed my body. And, of course, moan some more as I said, "Shit!"

"God, Mary Jane, I need relief really bad! I was getting ready down the hall and heard you carrying on in here. When I saw what you were doing, I couldn't hold back"

Well, in my state of arousal at that moment, not to mention sitting there bare assed naked, I just couldn't resist and answered him with, "Well, my face is not made up yet, come here!" 

With a leering grin, he complied.

Frank hastened over to me and I said to him "Drop your boxers." 

I should maybe mention that Frank was the Captain of the football team from our (Sue Ellen and I) arch rival high school in the town five miles from us. They had dated steadily for three years in high school and on many double dates with me and my date of the evening.

Although I often heard and partially observed Frank and Sue Ellen in heavy petting sessions in the front seat, I never actually saw Frank's complete equipment, let alone sampled same. So, as I just related, I simply couldn't resist the temptation now to sample some of what Frank had to offer.

So, while he stood in front of me, I took his cock in my two hands and slowly stroked it. 

God, what a fucking piece of man meat! It's every bit as long as my twelve inch dildo and twice as thick! Go girl, go! 

And go I did.

I put the purple bulb of his cock head in my mouth and ran my tongue around it's circumference. That made Frank groan, in spades. I darted tip of my tongue in and out of the eye of his cockhead, getting more groans from Frank for my efforts.

With that encouragement, I inched my way down his cock in a slow deep throat while my hands played with his balls. When I'd engulfed nearly all of him, with several gagging episodes, Frank could take no more. He stiffened and then shot wad after wad of hot cum down my throat in shudder after shudder. His voyeurism had really gotten him psyched up to a hair trigger. I swallowed every drop and sucked him dry.

"My God, girl, that was heaven!" 

Frank bent over. locked his mouth onto a nipple, and sucked like a vacuum cleaner. His reaching down to grab a handful of my pussy sent more shock waves through me.

But, pleasurable as his actions were, I pushed Frank off and said, "That's it for now, Frank. We have to all finish getting ready or we will, literally, miss the boat, literally. Scat now!" 

Frank very reluctantly retreated back to wherever he'd come from and I was able to finally finish my preparations. After making up my face, I proceeded to apply judicious amounts of my favorite perfume in all the appropriate places. Then I finally slipped into the clothes and jewelry that I'd chosen for the evening.

As I finished dressing, Sue Ellen popped her head into the room and, with a sardonic smile on her face, said, "Frank is getting the car, are you ready?"

"Yes, just finished."

So, as Sue Ellen and I walked down the hall, she said, "Judging from what Frank said he saw and the fact that you've already sampled his endowments, I think we have an interesting threesome in store when we get home tonight, don't you?"

God, I sure hoped so.



THE RIVERBOAT DINNER CRUISE 

As Sue Ellen and I reached the driveway, Frank had his pride and joy idling there, awaiting us. His pride and joy was a restored 1957, aqua and white, Chevy, tudor hardtop. The car was a 283 cid. V8, fuel injected, and sported full dual exhaust from headers back. The exhaust included one glasspak muffler, so the car emitted a low, throaty grumble as it sat there idling.

I remembered those cars, rather fondly as I had lost my virginity in the back seat of one just like Frank's. That event occurred twenty years back in the spring of our senior prom, a month before high school graduation. That fucking was the start of my nympho insatiability.

Well, anyway, Frank held open the driver door and pulled his seat back forward for me to climb into the rear seat. I took my time climbing in as it was a tight squeeze through the space, but also because as I bent over to do so, my very short skirt rode up and gave Frank an unobstructed view of my bare rear end and my naked pussy, fully exposed and open.

I heard the gasp before I felt a quick hand go between my legs and grab my pussy for a long, drawn out feelie as Frank slowly drug his hand across my labia, trailing his middle finger deep in my pussy slit. And, his hand came away wet. 

"All right you two, I saw that," said Sue Ellen, "and I smell it, too! You're such a slut, Mary Jane. Let's don't get too excited, at least until we get back home." 

I grinned as I settled back into the rear seat and Sue Ellen on the front bench, snuggled beside Frank. The drive to the boat would require thirty minutes. I decided to pass the time with some teasing.

Seated on that rear bench, my thighs ran slightly uphill to my knees and my skirt rode up considerably. Even with no ride up, the view was clear, and with the ride up, I might as well have been wearing nothing from the waist down. Frank didn't miss a beat of the display from his rear view mirror.

I made eye contact with Frank as he watched my hand rub my pussy mound. I was rubbing with thumb and finger on either side of my slit while my middle finger trailed right down the crack. The heady aroma of pussy juice wafted in the air as Frank gulped and started breathing a bit harder.

Sue Ellen glanced into the mirror and then at Frank's crotch and gave a smirky giggle as she said, "What's the matter, Frank, is it gettin' a little warm in here? The windows are all down already." 

I could see Sue Ellen's hand go down between Frank's legs as she stroked his dick through his pants. I was really getting into it by then and my hand moved even faster as my breathing became more labored. Frank groaned, audibly as Sue Ellen got him unzipped. She dug out his cock and dove down, mouth agape, to blow him. Frank could barely keep the car on the road. It didn't help matters that the car was a manual tranny with a floor mounted shifter for Sue Ellen to dodge around.

I moaned and with a light outcry, shuddered into a mild orgasm. I guess that was the trigger for Frank because I saw him shudder and moan loudly as he shot his wad into his wife's mouth. 

Sue Ellen managed to get it all down without spilling a drop on Frank's suit pants or on his beautiful seat material. In my case, I'd seen the towel hanging from the seat back strap and had managed to catch my pussy emissions without soiling the back seat either.

Sue Ellen said, "Great! You guys both get off and I'm left hanging high and dry, highly in need of relief." 

I giggled and Frank chuckled as he said, "Way the ball, or should I say balls, bounce right now, sweets, your time will come." 

A few minutes later, we pulled into the parking lot of the riverboat dock. After we climbed out, Frank rolled up the windows and locked the car. Sue Ellen and I each took Frank by an arm as we walked from the lot to the boat landing. We checked in and boarded. The boat was already crowded. Our class graduated 650 and I think at least half of them made the reunion and most had a companion along. It was a good thing the boat was a big one.

Irony of ironies, the first three persons (and spouses) I met on board were the football captain, basketball captain, and baseball captain from our senior year. I'd fucked all three in their respective seasons! Those three were already light headed and their spouses looked none too happy. They knew about my school reputation and that I'd fucked their husbands back then. 

I was looking forward to maybe tasting some of that cock fruit again tonight to see how well it had aged. The wives likely sensed that. After helloes, introductions, and cursory conversation, our happy little threesome moved on.

Fifteen minutes or so later, the boat vibrated a little as the engine came to life and the boat slowly made its way out to the channel. And what a magnificent boat it was! The huge, four deck sternwheeler was magnificent in gleaming white paint with its bright red and gold trim with a majestic rear paddle wheel, also in brilliant red.

Of course, it was no longer powered by steam as in the riverboat heydays of the nineteenth century. The boat was powered instead, by a monster Caterpillar marine diesel, or so Frank, a Caterpillar executive, told me later that evening. The main or bottom deck contained the monstrous dinning room and a galley for receiving the meals from the caterer as no meals were actually cooked onboard.

The seating was self choice, so the three of us chose a table near the glass wall separating the room and the outside deck. The entire boat was air conditioned, but I like to be close to an exit in confined situations. This also enabled me to gaze at the beautiful, moonlit river scene as it rolled past the slowly moving boat.

Frank sat between Sue Ellen and me and he got a cheesy grin on his face when he felt a hand on each thigh as we sipped our before dinner aperitif. The meal and boat tickets had been purchased in a mail registration three months previously and had cost quite a lot. But it looked as as if it was going to be worth every penny of the cost!

The meal lasted through a number of courses from appetizer to dessert and was served flawlessly by a most efficient small army of waitresses. I heartily dislike the euphemisms of today, such as waitperson! These were women--i.e., waitresses. There were a number of male waiters as well.

We began with a champaign cocktail which was quickly followed by chilled asparagus. Glasses and plates were barely emptied before we were served a Lemon Sorbet, which was in turn followed by a citrus and walnut salad with Parmesan and peppercorns.

"My Lord," I gushed, "no wonder our tickets for tonight cost so much. This meal is fantastic and worth every penny. Everything else is just icing on the cake."

The next course was haricot verts and the main entree of filet minion with pink peppercorn sauce and classic breast of lobster ragout with a separate plate holding a duchesse potato. This entree was served with whipped butter, rolls and croissants. Desert eventually followed and consisted of a thick slice of chocolate cake ice cream roll and a heavenly chocolate ice cream parfait!

"Lordy, Lordy," exclaimed Frank, "I sure am going to have to work off some of this poundage."

"And I just bet I know exactly how you want to work it off too, don't I, Frank," I exclaimed.

Frank just gave me a sexy and lustful leer in answer, along with an under the table finger wipe or two of my nearly exposed pussy. I noticed Sue Ellen also sported a cheesy grin of lustful pleasure. She was getting her fiar share of attention as well as I.

At that point, I said to my two companions, "Excuse me, but I have to go to the powder room for a bit." 

Sue Ellen said, "Wait, I'll go with you." 

So the two of us trotted off to a most luxurious "powder room." It was one of several and quite large to accommodate the crowds the boat usually held. I was told there was one like it on each deck for the ladies and an equally elegant and large facility for the men on each deck. 

There was a large number of vanity/mirror seats and an unbelievable number of toilet stalls. There was also a somewhat more secluded and darkened "lounge" area to one side. I entered a stall, concluded my pee, wiped and pulled down my skimpy skirt. I didn't have any panties to pull up as you recall.
