 The narrator of this story is Diane Graham, an outgoing eighteen year old high school cheerleader, dark red hair, blue eyes, an absolutely fabulous body with a small waist, breasts that are bursting C cups and moving to D's, a firm, round butt and shapely legs.

    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

To try and understand what I'm now doing and about to do, a look at how I got here is probably needed. I've been thinking about sex for a couple years, watching as much of it as I can find on the Internet for the last six month s. I really, really needed to find a big, erect cock, needed to do everything with it that I'd seen on the 'net. I was diddling myself to orgasm a couple times a day. Each time I went out on a date I figured this would be the time that I finally got fucked, had a cock to suck, had a guy lick me until I came. But each time, the guy would start almost mauling me, squeezing my breasts, wanting to move so fast before I was ready that it would scare me. I was losing control and I didn't want to. So almost in a panic, I'd stop him. That happened with three different guys.

I finally solved my problem. I propositioned Brett. I've known him forever. We went to pre-school together and on through every grade and he lives only two blocks away. He's a good guy. I can trust him. I can control him, I think. He's also very, very quiet. Some people think he's weird he's so quiet. But I know he's o.k. and I also know he will never, ever tell anyone about us. Plus, he wrestles and has a fantastic body. Anyway, I told him I wanted to have sex. And so did he and his parents were going to a seminar so we could do it at his house all weekend. And we did. 

When I got there Friday evening after supper we went up to his room and got naked. When I saw his cock, the first one I'd ever seen live, I had to have it. I'd watched girls sucking cocks on the 'net for months and I had to do that. And I did. It was the sexiest thing I'd ever experienced. Until, right after he orgasmed and surprised me so I got it all over me, he laid me on the bed and got his mouth to my pussy. Wow, that's even sexier! I had never had an orgasm like that before. I think maybe I actually blacked out for a moment it was so much. And then he fucked me. That big, luscious thing of his was in me, filling me up and it was even more than when he ate me. It was the biggest time of my whole life. Then we showered and did it all over again. Even 69'd. It was like all my dreams came true. Fantastic.

The next day I was back early and we did a lot of it again. I told him it would be good to have a second guy available so when he had to take time to get hard again, I still could have a big cock to use. He said I couldn't be that much of a slut to want to take on two guys and I had to admit to myself as well as him that I was. Now that I'd experienced it, I wanted to get as much cock as possible. He countered by saying I wouldn't like it if he wanted a second girl.

I'm a cheerleader. I think most guys find me very attractive. Brett obviously does. My best friend, Marian, is actually the most beautiful girl in the school. I think most guys would agree. She doesn't have breasts as big as mine, she's slimmer, but she must be about half legs. Long, slim legs. And a gorgeous face. Blonde. She's a model, earns money having her photo taken. Well, Marian and I have talked a lot and she's every bit as horny as me, really wants to experience sex. She's so gorgeous, most guys are a little scared to ask her out. But I knew that she'd love to experience what I just did with Brett. And I think I wanted to brag a little that I'd managed to do it before she had. So I took up Brett's challenge and called Marian and she came over and joined us.

We ended up sharing his cock while we licked and sucked it some. He'd already cum a couple times so he seemed to be lasting longer now. We both climbed on him. I sat on his cock and fucked him while Marian sat on his face while he ate her. Once we both climaxed we switched and she fucked him while he ate me. By then we were both so hot we felt each others' breasts as we had sex. So now she was no longer a virgin either. Brett still hadn't cum, so we both climbed off him and got back to his cock. Marian had him in her mouth when he started to cum. I told her to just keep sucking, keep him in her mouth, until he's finished. She did. Then she looked at me and opened her mouth that was full of his white cum and I wanted some of it so we sort of kissed and traded his stuff back and forth between us. Very sexy. Then we showered. 

Then Brett said that since he never had, he should give Marian proper treatment of feeling and licking her body and then her pussy and then fucking her and I agreed. I sat to the side and watched. While Brett was licking her pussy, I felt her breasts and she got a finger into me. I'd never had a girl finger fuck me before. I'd never fooled around with another girl's breasts either. Odd but very sexy. Being naked and having sex seems to heighten rather than satisfy our sex drives. Then she came, really jerked around, having a great orgasm. He rolled her over to fuck her from the back. I'm right next to her so when she rolls, her face comes right between my legs and while he fucks her she's obviously feeling very hot and she starts licking and fingering me. We'd never done anything like that before but everything is so darn sexy that I loved it. She finally came and since Brett was still hard he wanted to fuck me now. So Marian slid up over me, straddling me, so Brett could get at my pussy. Then, as he fucked me, she sat on my face and I licked her. 

I don't think we're lesbians because we're both fucking Brett but I liked it. I liked her licking me and, surprising to me, I liked licking her. Very, very sexy. And I knew we would do more of it. Maybe often. 

But then Brett admitted we probably should have a second guy. Neither of us had anyone in mind so he suggested Joel Robinson. Well Joel's black and we're white. But Brett figured Joel was the type to not brag about this so we wouldn't get a bad reputation. And he mentioned that Joel had the biggest cock he'd seen at our school. Marian and I looked at one another, grinning. When we'd talked about sex in the past we always talked about big cocks. Well, Brett is pretty good, as big as a lot I'd seen on the 'net. But if Joel is bigger, why not? So Joel came over and all four of us did everything we could with each other. It turns out that his cock really is a little bigger than Brett's and very black. I can hardly get my mouth open wide enough to suck him. And I can only get about half of him into my mouth. But his cum tastes pretty much like Brett's and it's just as sexy to suck him. He does feel a little bigger in my vagina but I was surprised that the size didn't seem to matter. Almost anything moving in me would still be terrific. Bigger isn't more effective except maybe in my mind. Then another surprise. Joel fucked Marian and Brett fucked me and we both ended up with pussys full of cum. Marian climbed on me and we ended up sucking the cum out of each other. It's all so good that it scares me a little.

Anyway, I ended up really sore. My vagina and clit had a lot of action and wasn't used to it. Marian said she felt the same. So we didn't last as long as I expected but I think the guys felt a little the same. Maybe they were fucked out, too. Actually, I started dreaming about cocks again once I was home and went back to Brett's for another session before bed time.

Any how, Monday at school I didn't hear anything, nobody looked at me any different except Marian and we kept grinning at each other. We talked at lunch but had to be careful because the other cheerleaders at the table could hear us. But I could tell that she was as happy about all of it as I was.

Tuesday, I happened to see Joel about mid morning between classes and I guess I was feeling horny or something. I got up next to him so I could talk softly.

"Joel, how about getting together again?"

He looked at me and smiled, "Sure" he says.

"Maybe right after school," I suggest. "We could have an hour or so before one of my parents come home." I also knew that my younger brother would be at baseball practice.

'Fine," he replies.

"You know where I live," I say, "Just come over as soon as you can."

In the next class, Marian says to me, "I saw you talking to Joel. Are you two going to do some more?"

"Yeah," I reply. "He's coming to my house right after school. My parents won't be home so we'll have maybe an hour. Why, do you want to come, too?"

Marian looks at me a moment then says, "No, that's o.k. but thanks. Maybe I'll find Brett and arrange something."

We don't have more time to talk right then. I don't want to make her mad at me. As long as I get to use a cock, it's fine with me if she gets to, too. It might even be a little sexier with both of us naked than just me alone.

I almost run home. I want to be there when Joel shows up. Then he's here. "Hi" we both say as if we're meeting at a mall or something. It sort of surprises me that in just a couple days, I'm treating sex like it's something I've always done. But of course it isn't. So far, each time has seemed to be something new and I hope that's always so. "We don't have a lot of time so I guess we might as well get up to my room and get started," I tell him. 

In two or three minutes we're both naked. That big, black, luscious cock of his is sticking out strong and proud. I sort of push him to sit on the edge of the bed and I kneel down between his legs. I get one hand to his cock and one to his balls and start licking him. I don't know why but ever since I first saw it on the 'net, I've been obsessed with cocks. That first night after doing everything with Brett, I actually dreamt about his cock. But now I've got this big. live thing in my mouth, licking it. Several years ago I spent a week on a farm and learned to milk a cow. To some extent, that's what I'm doing, milking this cock. I use a couple fingers of one hand around it and my lips to pull on it, then go back up and do it again, over and over. At the same time I'm licking and sucking and using my other hand to feel his balls. It's all just so sexy. I love it. When he finally cums, I get a mouthful of warm, sticky stuff that isn't actually that delicious except that it's all sex some how.

I straighten up some to get my breasts to him so he can feel them and suck on them. Then I stand up, between his legs while he's sitting on the bed and lift one leg up and out, get part of it on his shoulder, moving my pussy right to his mouth. He licks it, holding both hands on my butt. "Let's change position," he says. He stands, lifts me and sets me back down so we've reversed positions. He's now kneeling on the floor between my legs and has his mouth back to me and is licking me again. I spread my legs, bend my knees and get my ankles on his shoulders. This is even sexier than sucking him because I get more and more aroused. My first really huge orgasm came when Brett did this, when he ate me. I'll probably never get over it, I love it. He's got two fingers in me now and is sucking, sort of pulling, on my clit. Fuck, this is great!

I'm cumming, gushing onto his mouth, chin, face, and the next thing I know, he's leaning over me and that huge cock is sliding in me, pushing its way into me. I'm making noises, saying "Yes, Yes" and Oh, Fuck" and loving ever moment. This is what life is all about. Nothing beats getting fucked. Really, seriously fucked, feelings out of control and something big pushing into you over and over and over until it's almost too much. I'm still a little sore but it's such a great soreness, seems to almost heighten the feelings instead of hurt. I end up with another huge orgasm and we probably haven't been here more than ten minutes. 

We're laying on the bed, both naked, holding one another. I don't know about him but I'm feeling very, very sexy. My feelings raised by the sex. If another guy was there with a cock, I'd be climbing on it, getting it into me again. I think I want more the most right after I've just orgasmed. 

"I'm going to start charging you for sex," Joel says.

It takes a moment for me to realize what he's said. "Charge me? You mean have me pay for you to fuck me?"

"Yeah. You like it so much it must be worth something."

"Well I do like it. And I do want more. How much are you going to charge?"

"A hundred dollars."

"A hundred dollars?" I almost yelled. "Joel, I'm in high school. I don't have money. I don't have a hundred dollars. I certainly don't have many hundreds so that I could fuck you as much as I want." I thought he must be kidding. I can't imagine what this is leading to but he can't be serious.

"Well, if you don't have the money, I know a guy that will pay me a hundred dollars to have sex with any juicy school girls I can deliver. You fuck him and then when he pays me, you can fuck me."

This is unreal. "Joel, I am not a whore. I'm not going to fuck someone for money."

"Well, then, I guess you're not going to get to use my cock again."

I think he means it. My classmate that I've sucked and fucked and who's eaten me a half dozen times, who's laying right next to me naked. I prop myself up some and look at him. "Joel, I don't know whether to get mad at you or laugh at you. You want to pimp me for a hundred dollars. Be a small time pimp. Well, from what I've read, I could go to a Hollywood madam and get paid $1500 to fuck someone so it bothers me that you think I would be willing to sell myself so cheap. Plus, why would I want to pay you?"

"Because you love my big, black cock. It's what you want."

"Joel, I could proposition just about any guy in our school and they'll drop everything to have sex with me. I'm not dependent on you for sex. I think I'd rather be with Brett than you anyway.

'Why would you want him? I'm the one with the big cock."

"Because you act like you're doing me a favor and Brett acts like I'm doing him a favor. He truly is amazed that he's getting sex from me. So I guess I've just had my last taste of that big, black lollipop of yours, as much as I love it."

He grinned. "That's exactly what your mother called it."

"My mother! What did you just say!"

"Nothing. Forget it. I shouldn't have said it. You just made me a little mad."

"No, I can't forget it. You're saying my mother has been with you?"

"Look, I work part time at the Country Club. My uncle is a groundskeeper there. A lot of the women there are very horny. So, yes, I've, uh, serviced, some of them."

"You've fucked my mother?" I was almost screaming.

"Calm down," he says. "Look at your mother sometime. She's really hot. She has a great body. And she's really horny."

"But my mother," I 'm almost sputtering. I don't know what to say. 

"You're just like her," he says. "You've inherited all her genes. You've got a great body, too, just like her. And you want sex all the time, just like her. I mean, the first thing you do when you see a cock is try and swallow it. So does she. She called it her big black lollipop.'

I lay back. "Fuck" I say out loud. I don't know what to think. What to do. "I guess we're done. Just get dressed and leave." And he does. Seems to be in a bit of a hurry. Alone, I just lay there, almost numb. He's right, my mother is well built, very attractive. I'm eighteen, so she's probably 39, maybe forty. Not old, I guess. But she's married to my Dad. And I have a brother, just a year younger than me. What does this mean?

I get dressed and get some books out but can't concentrate. My brother comes home. My mother comes home. My Dad comes home. I can hear them moving around. I go down stairs. Mom is getting dinner ready and gets me to help. I keep looking at her, trying to imagine her as a sexual being and not my Mom. When dinner is over, my brother goes to his room to study. Dad goes into his workshop in the garage. My Mom and I are in the kitchen.

"Mom," I say, "I have something serious to talk to you about."

"Why sure, honey," she says and comes to sit at the kitchen table where I am. 

"Mom, Joel Robinson says he's had sex with you."

An actress couldn't do what my Mom does. Her face changes completely a half dozen times. Scared, concerned, whatever. It took a minute or so and she finally says, "Wow, I never expected this. But I probably should have. You're having sex now aren't you?"

"Yes." I didn't know what else to say.

"Well, it's time for me to be a parent, isn't it. I have to be honest even though I don't want to be because you're not going to like me much. Yes, I've had sex with Joel Robinson. You have, too, I guess."

"Yes."

"I should have realized it. All of a sudden you've been gone for hours. At Brett's. You've had sex with Brett, too?"

"Yes."

"I remember some things you've said. Was Marian there, too?"

"Yes."

Anyone besides Brett and Joel and Marian?"

"No."

"Well, that's a relief. You've just started. So maybe I can be of some help instead of just disappointing you." Then she sighs and looks at me. "I'm not going to tell you to stop. You're not going to. I know. In fact, you've started a little later than I did. If you're like me, you're going to have a lot more no matter what I say. So where do I start? How do I handle this? O.k. My best friend, Marie, you know her, Mrs. Tressler, and I started in high school. Probably a lot like you. We did it a lot with different guys. Some how we remained careful enough that we never got bad reputations. And we didn't get pregnant or catch any diseases. So I sure hope you remain careful, always. And to some extent, we've never stopped, I guess."

"But how about Dad?"

"Oh. Well, that's a long story. I met Don, your Dad, in college. We had sex. It was the best sex of my life and I'm afraid I'd had a lot I could compare him to. I guess he thought I was the best, too. Without meaning to at first, I only had sex with him for a while. I think at first I would have gone with other guys but Don kept me so occupied I just never had the time. And then I consciously decided to do it only with him. And then I got pregnant and we got married and you were born and your brother was born.

"Marie met Sam and they got married. We were all friends. After four or five years of being married, the four of us went on a little vacation. Your grandmother watched you two. Don and I planned on having lots of sex. Marie and Sam must have planned to, also. It's too complicated to explain but we all ended up naked together and one thing led to another until your Dad was with Marie and I was with Sam. And once that happened, it started happening often. And we all knew what we were doing and all liked it. Swinging was sort of famous then. So we tried that, going to a party with swingers. And what's happened is that your Dad and I love one another and have sex a lot but we also have sex with others and we both know it. We don't necessarily know every detail of every time but we know it's happening and let it happen and still enjoy each other. And in case you ever wonder, your Dad is your Dad and your brother's Dad, too. At that time, there was no one else involved. Does that answer anything?"

'I guess so," I say, "It's all so new, I'm not sure I understand it at all." I sat there and thought for a moment. "Having sex with another guy, I guess I understand. But how about you and Marie?"

Mom smiled at me. "You and Marian have discovered something, haven't you?"

How did she know? "Yeah, a little. I wonder if that's not a little, oh maybe, abnormal or something?"

"Mare and I discovered, right from the beginning, that we liked to both be involved whether it was with one guy or two. Each others' presence seemed to offer some protection or assurance or something. So we would take turns or switch guys or whatever. Seeing each other seemed to actually make it all sexier, too. And being naked and having sex led us to start touching one another, feeling one another, finally sexually satisfying one another. And we've just kept on with it for over twenty years. We both still like guys. But we like each other, too. Neither of us has been with any other woman. Well, that's not quite true. I did and I think she did, try someone else at one of the swinging parties but dropped it."
