 It was just another boring Saturday night at my friend's house. We were watching a little SNL, playing pool, and bullshitting about life. We did this almost ever Saturday since Andy didn't have a girlfriend and my girlfriend Lisa worked nights.

Halfway through a very unfunny Chris Farley skit we heard a knock at his door. Andy went to answer it and came back into the room with Mary. 

Mary was my friend Kevin's very bitchy girlfriend. I truly hated Mary, hated her with a passion. We went on a few dates when we were younger, but I quickly learned that she was a manipulative super bitch and an attention whore. I avoided her until she started dating Kevin.

Out of our group, 8 guys, Kevin and I were the only ones who ever had girlfriends. The other 6, including Andy, never dated and never got laid. They just hit on our girlfriends. 

I quickly learned to keep my girlfriends away from the guys, but Kevin never learned this. He liked to show off. 

I knew when Mary started dating Kevin there would be problems, but there was very little I could do. Right of the bat the other guys starting flirting with her and she would flirt back. I blamed it on her for being a whore and he blamed the guys for being jealous. 

Mary was the text book definition of an attention whore. She always had to be the center of attention and loved having guys fight over her. She use to brag about sunbathing naked and then act surprised when guys would show up at her house after she would announce that she was going tanning. She was a cock tease, but Kevin didn't see it. He was just happy that he was getting laid on a normal basis. 

Mary was also of a "butter face", her body was perfect as she was into yoga, Pilates, and gymnastics, but her face was terrible. She had ratty blonde hair, a few ache scars, and a double chin, but her body was amazing. You could tell that she would have had huge breasts if it weren't for the exercising. The few times I saw her in a bikini impressed me. She had very tight and firm 34C breasts. They didn't move and bounce like normal tits. I would have to call them peck shaped breasts as they seemed to be more muscle than fat. Mary also had a tight well defined midsection. She was the first girl in our school to start wearing belly shirts, but she stopped once some of the girls started making fun of her muscular stomach. 

It didn't help the situation that Mary was constantly horny. They fucked whenever and wherever they could, but Kevin was never enough for her. 

In front of our whole group she asked Kevin if he would let us gangbang her for her 18th birthday. He treated it as a joke, but we all knew that she wasn't kidding. That was a few months ago and their relationship never really bounced back. There was a lot of weird teenage hormone bullshit going on back them, but it would be over soon as we would all be graduating in a few weeks.

"What are you doing here?" I asked her.

"Kevin and I just broke up," she whimpered back. 

"So why are you here?" I asked again.

"I wanted to talk to Andy, but I didn't know that you would be here." 

"We can talk," Andy informed her as he motioned for her to sit on the couch. 

I hated being around this chick and wanted her to leave as soon as possible. She was trouble. Kevin had been sure that she was cheating on him, but refused to end their relationship unless he had proof. Maybe now he did.

"He was so mean to me," she whined as she reached in and hugged Andy. She was already trying to manipulate him to her side. This break up was going to break up our cliq.

I listened to her complain for over an hour. It was entertaining. She complained about everything from Kevin's family to his lack of skills in the bed. She even bitched about me. Andy just sat there never saying a word.

After awhile she got up, hugged Andy again, and started to walk out the door. I couldn't let her leave without insulting her one more time. 

"Do your best not to fuck Kevin at prom. You guys broke up, let it go," I yelled out. For some reason it sounded good at the time.

She stopped dead in her tracks as she started to rub her hands up her shirt revealing her flat, cut stomach. "It wouldn't matter if I did. It's not like I would feel it. You know, I measured it once, and it's only 4 inches hard. It's like fucking a toothpick, but I'm sure he's got more than you Tommy." 

God, I hated being called Tommy. She was trying to get to me and I was not going to let her walk out that door thinking that she got the better of me. 

"You couldn't handle what I got," I laughed back at her.

She didn't want to lose this verbal sparing either, so she walked right up to me. "Let's see it then." 

Here was this whore that I hated, my friend's girl, asking to see my cock right in front of my best friend. I really didn't want to do it, but I couldn't let her think that she could get to me. So, I unzipped my pants and after a few quick tugs I whipped it out. 

One thing that I learned early in high school was that sluts loved seeing a nice cock. Whenever I was alone with a slut I would whip out my dick and they'd go down on it. It worked every time that I tried it. Mary was no different, she was a slut and the sight of my cock got her going. 

She grabbed it with her right hand and started stroking it. "Impressive" she said as she lowered herself to her knees. 

I couldn't believe what this bitch was doing. She was going to blow me right in front of Andy. I figured that this had to be one of her games. She blows me, Kevin finds out about it, and I lose a friend. I was tempted to stop her, but if she wanted to play a game I was going to take it as fair as I could. 

As she moved her mouth to my cock I thought about all the nasty things I could do to her. I wanted to ruin her. She looked up to me and smiled as she started sucking, but she seemed like she had no idea what she was doing. She was just sucking on the head like it was a straw in a milk shake. Why did Kevin never correct her I thought to myself. Maybe she just didn't suck his dick that often. He always made jokes about her preferring to take it up the ass. I moved my hips forward forcing my cock deep into her mouth. I laughed as she started to gag. 

"Too much for you, huh, slut."

She looked up at me with burning hatred in her eyes. Looking down at this girl with my cock in her mouth and gagging tears running down her face, I knew that I had won. She couldn't take all of me and I was in a mood to punish her. I grabbed the back of her head and pushed it down as I thrust my cock forward. As I violently fucked her face I felt the air in the room change. She was gagging and spitting up, but she wasn't fighting me, in fact she had her hand down her pants and was now playing with herself. All of this seemed to freak Andy out as he started to walk out of the room. His back was turned away from us when she pulled herself off my cock and puked on the floor. 

"Andy stop," she yelled attempting to regain her breath. "Come here." She stood up and walked him back to the couch. "Sit down. You're next."

She walked back over to me and got back on her knees. "This is already soaked, so I guess I don't need it," she hissed as she pulled off her shirt and removed her bra. She did have very nice and tanned breasts, but I was more interested in force feeding her my cock. 

As she moved her mouth back onto my dick I grabbed her head and started fucking her face again. She seemed to be much more relaxed and wasn't gagging as much. As I fucked her mouth she continued to play with her tits and moved her hand back down into her pants. If this was a contest of wills I was losing and we both knew it. 

This was going to end soon as I was close to cumming. With all of my force I started pulling her head in and thrusting out as hard as I could. With each thrust I could feel my balls whack her in the chin. I kept wildly thrusting deep into her throat as she started to gag more and more. Then I stopped. I stopped completely. My cock was all the way in her, my balls resting on her chin, and I was holding her head still in this position. She started to beat on my chest as she gagged. I could feel the vomit in her throat surround my cock as she tried to push off. This was a battle of wills and I wanted to win. 

I reached down and pinched her nose. I watched as her puke entered her mouth and caused her checks to puff out. The warmth of it felt good around my dick. A little ran down the side of her chin. With my cock deep in her mouth there was very little room for the vomit to escape. 

I let go of her nose and watched the vomit come spraying out of it. I made this bitch puke through her nose. I won.

"Asshole" she yelled out once she freed her mouth. 

"You love it" I yelled back as I watched her wipe the puke from her face. 

"Fuck you" she said as she once again started to suck my cock. 

She looked up at me and with my cock deep in her mouth she smiled. 

That look killed my ego. She had won the battle. Her expression stabbed at my soul. She was enjoying all of this. I did everything she wanted me to do. I fell into her trap. If she ever told Kevin I would be dead. She had won. She got her way again.

She looked up at me and smiled in agreement as if she knew what I was thinking. I leaned against the pool table and figured that I might as well enjoy this as it could be my last blowjob. Once Kevin or my girlfriend found out about this my life would be over. 

As I was about to cum I tried to slip my dick out of her mouth and give her a facial, but she would have none of that. She bit down on the head to keep it in her mouth. As I came in her mouth I couldn't help feeling that this was the worst orgasm I ever had. I just couldn't enjoy it.

To add insult to injury Mary stood up and opened her mouth to show me my cum resting on her tongue. She then did something really weird. She was able to blow a bubble with my cum. I watched in amazement as the bubble popped and sprayed both of our faces with my jizz. She just stood there starring into my eyes. Her face was covered in runny makeup, tears, sweat, puke, and now my cum. She looked like a used and abused crack whore.

She opened her mouth again to show me my remaining cum, and then she swallowed it. I was awestruck by how badly she beat me. I gave her everything I could and she took it all. I hated that bitch even more.

She told Andy that she would be back in a second as she walked into the bathroom. I completely forgot Andy was sitting there and watching. We didn't say anything to each other as I zipped up my pants and walked back to my seat. Mary had the shower running for only a few minutes before she walked back out. This time she was completely naked. 

I found myself admiring her toned body. She was in fantastic shape. Her muscular legs led up to a small triangle of hair that was matted down by the water of the shower. She was still wet enough that her nude body glistened in the light, highlighting her figure even more. With this naked gymnast standing in front of me I couldn't help but stare at her double chin. She had no fat below her neck, she had an eight-pack for Christ sake, yet she had this odd double chin. 

She walked slowly and seductively over to the pool table. She crawled onto the pool table and motioned for Andy to join her. He slowly got up and walked over to her. I actually felt sorry for Andy. He was 18 and never had a girlfriend, never got laid, never even kissed a girl. Maybe getting head from this whore would give him enough confidence to get laid in college. 

As I saw them struggle to remove his pants I decided to watch the TV and not them. I wanted to leave, but figured that would piss Mary off and that she would tell everyone what happened. It would be better if I could talk to her later. 

After about five minutes of slurping and moans I noticed Mary stand up on the pool table.

"Come here," she commanded me.

I got up and watched in amazement as she lowed herself into the splits across the edge of the table. Her pussy was just visible enough to see that the lips were open and ready for cock. 

As I walked up behind her I notice how muscular her legs and ass were. Maybe it was the splits position, but her legs and ass were so tight you looked like you could bounce a quarter off of them. I ran my hands over her legs as she pointed to her handbag. Opening it I found a box of condoms.

"Now that you both have cummed you should be able to fuck for a good, long time," she said in a very domineering voice as she stated to suck Andy's limp dick again. 

With Andy's cock in her mouth she looked at me and smiled. She wanted me to fuck her? We hated each other. This couldn't be happening. 

I figured that I was in enough trouble, so why the hell not. Plus, watching her suck off Andy was turning me on and this was one more chance to treat her like the slut that she was. I brought the condoms over to the table as I slipped one on my hard cock. I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction of eating her pussy. It was just going to be rough, hard sex. 

I wanted to slam my dick into her, but it was like a wall of muscle just beyond her pussy lips. It was like I was pressing my cock against a brick wall. I couldn't get my dick into her.

Andy must have cummed again because he quickly rolled off the table and put his pants back on. Mary pulled herself up onto her hands and knees as I climbed on the table.

"You will fuck me when I want you to fuck me," she told me as she rubbed her pussy.

I moved my cock towards her and was able to slowly slide my cock into her. It must have been the splits position and her muscles that prevented me from entering her before. 

I quickly started to thrust into her as hard as I could. With each thrust her body jerked forward. She slid a hand into each of the corner pockets bracing herself while I pounded her doggy style. She started to buck and grind her hips back into me. She was doing her best to fuck me as hard as I was fucking her. I could feel her start to squeeze her pussy. Her pussy kept getting tighter and tighter until it felt like it was trying to rip my cock from my body. I tried to pull out, but I was stuck. She was squeezing so hard that it hurt. 

If she was going to hurt me I was going to hurt her back. I grabbed a handful of hair and pulled. She moaned in pain. I was able to pull her hair back far enough to hold it down with my foot. This forced her head up in an awkward position. 

She started to squeeze down on my cock so tight that I could no longer move. My cock was now stuck, completely still, in her pussy. As we both froze I felt her pussy start to move. It was a strange feeling. Her pussy was gripping and releasing my cock in an up and down motion like a hand job. 

I learned onto her back and let her cunt milk my cock. It was, physically, the most painful and odd orgasm that I have ever had. As soon as I cummed she released me from her pussy. I quickly pulled out and ripped off the condom to make sure that my dick wasn't damaged. 

Mary rolled off the table, never even acknowledging me, and walked over to couch. Andy must have been whacking off to us as he was fully erect. She bent over and placed a condom on his dick and lowered herself on to it. 

Andy just lost his virginity. I sat there watching her ride him for a couple of minutes before she popped off of him. She laid herself across the coffee table directly in front of me. Andy just starred at her pussy for a few moments before jumping up and falling dick first into her. The sight was funny enough that both Mary and I laughed out loud. Andy didn't seem to notice as he started thrusting into her like a mad man. 

I was getting hard again and noticed that Mary's head was now hanging off the table. I walked up to her, bent down, and dropped my cock into her mouth. She was all smiles and moans as Andy fucked her pussy and I fucked her face.

After a few minutes I turned around and dropped my balls into her mouth. Mary seemed to love the taste of my sweat and dried cum. She rotated between sucking each ball as I smacked my cock on her face. Thinking that Mary was up for anything I decided to move a little further up placing my asshole right above her mouth. Like a pro she reached up, spread my checks and started to tongue my asshole. This was incredibly erotic, but was a very uncomfortable position.

I pulled back and flipped her over. Andy never stopped pumping her as they went from the missionary position to the doggie. Mary was breathing very heavy as I slid my cock back into her mouth. After a few quick thrusts I pulled out and grabbed her mouth.

"You like having two cocks in you don't you slut?"

Mary's eyes were now completely glazed over. She seemed to be in another world. She did not respond to my comment as I turned around and stuck her face back into my ass. 

I loved the feeling of this slut's tongue in my ass. If she was going to tell Kevin she was going to have to tell him everything, even eating out my ass. 

"I'm gonna cum," Andy yelled out as he pulled out his dick.

Mary quickly flipped over, yanked off his condom and started sucking his cock. I watched as my friend filled this whore's mouth with his cum. She swallowed it all as Andy fell to the couch lost in his orgasmic state. 

Mary pulled herself slowly onto the couch, stuck her ass up, and pulled her checks apart. She looked back at me and yelled "Fuck me in the ass you son of a bitch!"

At this point I just lost it. I walked up to her, grabbed her hips and forced my cock into her ass, with only her saliva on my dick as a lube. She screamed and buried her face into a couch cushion.

Kevin always bragged about how much she loved it up the ass, but that must have been all they ever did as her pussy was much tighter than her ass. It was much more comfortable fucking her ass than it was in her deathtrap of a pussy.

I kept pumping and thrusting until I felt Mary orgasm. It was incredible. I had fucked a few of my girlfriends in the ass before, but I had never experienced them orgasm while still in their ass. It felt weird having an asshole milk you dick. It must have throbbed a hundred times before it stopped. 

I continued to fuck her ass until I was about to cum. When I pulled out of her ass she quickly turned around and sucked my cock as I came. She swallowed me for the second time that night. 

"Whoa, that was fun," she said, sounding like she was stoned. "I have always wanted to have one guy in my ass and one in my pussy at the same time. It's my fantasy, so let's do that."

With that she placed one hand on my soft cock and her other on Andy's. She slowly started to build the blood back into our cocks as she started to suck each of us. Within a few minutes we were both ready to go, very tired, but ready to go. 

She placed a condom over Andy's cock and lowered herself on to it. I stood up and prepared to enter her ass again. I couldn't believe we were doing this.

"You ready," I asked.

I entered her ass without waiting for an answer. It seemed much tighter than the first time. I could feel the movement from Andy's cock. It felt weird. 

After a few minutes of slow thrusts I felt more comfortable and started to enjoy myself. I started to speed up my thrust to match Andy. Mary was lost in pleasure just moaning loudly. I was doing my best not to make any eye contact or ball contact with Andy, but this changed when he shifted and started to stand up. 

We stood there holding Mary up by her legs as we pounded her holes. Andy seemed possessed as he started to thrust so hard that she was popping up in the air. I did my best to hold her down by her shoulders as Andy continued on like a mad man. It was at this point that Mary started to scream as orgasms ripped through her body. I couldn't tell if she was having one after another or one really long one, but her asshole throbbed and milked away at my cock for a few minutes. 
