 Ken had ordered some drinks and Mary looked up amazed as the waitress bought the drinks to their table. The waitress was completely naked and Mary noticed immediately that all her pussy hair had been shaved off! Not just between her legs like Richard liked to do to her, but completely. Mary admired the way she walked towards them with full confidence, her breasts moving sexily as she walked. Mary noticed that all of the men were watching the waitress as she approached. As she bent down to place the tray of drinks on the table Mary heard a loud slap, as Ken slapped her playfully on her naked bum. The waitress squealed loudly and smiled back at Ken, obviously accustomed to being treated this way.

Mary knew she should go home now, who knows, she thought, what she would be expected to do here! But still she did not want to leave. The atmosphere of sex seemed to fill her senses. The horny feeling of earlier that day had returned. 

Her trance like feeling suddenly changed as she realised Ken was speaking to her. 

"I am afraid I did not tell you the whole truth about my club," he said, "now you can see for yourself, what do you think Mary?

Would you like me to get you a cab back home or do you want to stay?"

Mary ignored him for a moment. She was too busy looking at the lady guests in the restaurant. The old Mary would never have considered showing her self in front of other people dressed in sexy underwear, as she would have to if she stayed. But, looking around the restaurant below she realised that she looked equally as good as any of the ladies there. She thought of Richard, and knew he would probably encourage her to go ahead and add to the enlightenment that he had started some four years ago now.

"I'll stay, thank you," said Mary. Her male companions all cheered loudly as Ken said, "thank you Mary, I will arrange for you to be dressed properly!" He called over the waitress and asked her to escort Mary to the lady's changing room. 

"We will see you in the restaurant," said Ken, as the waitress indicated that Mary should follow her. 

Still full of doubt but feeling very excited, Mary followed the waitress to an adjoining room.

Once inside the room Mary could see a very large bath to one side full of steaming water. The bath was one of those where jets of water squirt under the surface making the water foam and bubble. Mary looked around as the waitress started to talk to the other girls in the room. 

The waitress then addressed her by name, "Mary", she said we are going to prepare you to dine with the men. First we must bathe you.

Mary felt a little stunned, she had not expected to have a bath! Just change her clothes. 

However, the idea sounded fun. Before she could think any more the other naked girls were standing around her and starting to undress her! 

Mary was amazed at how relaxed the new Mary felt as she felt her top and her skirt being removed. The old Mary was always shy about being naked with other women, but now, that naughty Richard had changed her completely!

She talked quite freely with the waitresses as they stripped her completely naked and felt quite confident of her body as she felt their eyes roam over her nakedness.

They led her over to the large bath and all of them climbed in. The hot water felt good as the underwater jets massaged her with their powerful flow of water. 

Mary felt strangely at ease with the waitresses, even when she felt their hands washing every inch of her body. She had never had another woman touch her body before but it felt natural as they went about their task. Mary was a little surprised at feeling so aroused as hands seem to concentrate on washing her breasts. She jumped in surprise as at least two hands found their way between her legs, washing her quite thoroughly.

During their small talk Mary had commented on how their pussies were completely shaved. At the time they had just smiled but now she realised she was about to be shaved as well!

She felt her self being lifted up in the water until she was placed sitting on the edge. The girls encouraged her to open her legs and lean back. One of them then produced a razor. Before she could object they all gathered round holding her legs apart. She should have felt embarrassed or even annoyed, but she found herself laughing with the waitresses and opening her legs wide so they could apply some shaving cream and shave her, making her pussy look like theirs! They were obviously very experienced at shaving pussies. After what felt like just a few seconds Mary heard them cry out, "finished" and she felt them splashing hot water between her outstretched legs and over her hairless pussy.

Mary looked down and giggled like a little girl as she saw her self with out any pussy hair.

Now they lifted her from the bath and wrapped her in warm fluffy towels.

After drying her one of them brushed her hair, whilst another expertly applied make up to Mary's face. 

Mary was enjoying being pampered in this way and for the moment had completely forgotten that she was meeting the men in the restaurant.

Still completely naked but with full make up and her hair looking beautiful, one of the girls fetched a large clothes rack that was full of sexy underwear.

"Choose what ever you want," said one of the girls "and we will dress you." 

Mary looked at the huge choice before her. The colours of course were predominantly black or scarlet. As Mary looked along the rack she again thought of Richard. "What would he choose", she thought her self.

She suddenly saw what she thought Richard would like. It was a fairly simple black bra and matching panties, trimmed with scarlet lace. "MMmm," thought Mary, "just like I used to imagine prostitutes wearing, but very sexy. 

For some reason, although Richard was not there she began to imagine he was. She imagined she was dressing for him and for him only.

She pointed to the underwear of her choice and the waitress told her she would check to see if they had it in Mary's size.

Only a few seconds later the waitress returned with the bra, panties and matching suspender belt in Mary's size. Mary also noticed a new pair of black stockings.

The girl that was now looking after Mary asked her to stand up so that she could dress her. The girl picked up the bra and expertly put in on Mary, making sure it was adjusted to exactly the right size and that her breasts were fitted properly in the cups. 

Mary felt something strange about the bra as it was being fitted.

It was not until the girl stood back to admire her work that Mary realised why it had felt strange. There were cut out holes at the front of the cups and her nipples were protruding through them!

"I can't wear this," said Mary, it shows my nipples!" Please give me different, I didn't realise I had chosen such a wild bra!"

"We could give you another style," said the girl, but they all have cut outs to show the nipples!"

As Mary was speaking she was walking around and as she moved she realised that, very cleverly, the bra seemed to stimulate her nipples. 

Again she thought of Richard and could imagine his lustful gaze if he could see her now.

"Oh, Ok," said Mary, what the hell, I suppose if all the other ladies are showing theirs it will be OK. 

Mary was actually a little alarmed at how the new Mary was taking over. She had to admit to herself that she was starting to look forward to the moment the men would see her like this; it was starting to turn her on! 

"OK Mary," said the girl, "lift one leg so I can put on your panties."

Mary did as she was asked and watched as the girl pulled the panties over her hips. The panties felt strange as the girl pulled them up tight. Mary was puzzled at what the girl was going to do as she knelt on the floor in front of her. It was not until she felt the girl's hand between her legs that she realised why the panties felt so strange; there was a gap where her pussy was! The girl was busy arranging the panties so that the fabric passed tidily either side of Mary's pussy leaving the fleshy part of her freshly shaved pussy protruding through the gap!

Next the girl clipped the sexy matching suspender belt around Mary's waist. All that remained now were the stockings. The girl opened the new packet and carefully took out the sheer black stockings. Without being asked Mary lifted one foot to allow the girl to put the stocking over her foot and then carefully stretch it up her leg to her thigh. She then expertly fastened the top with the suspenders. She repeated the same with the other leg and then stood back to admire her work!

She took Mary by the hand and led her to a large full-length mirror. As Mary looked into the mirror she hardly recognised the image staring back at her. There, staring back from the mirror, was a very sexy looking woman. 

Again Mary thought of Richard as she looked at her reflection from head to toe. The old Mary would never have let herself be dressed in this way. It was an image she had never associated with herself, until Richard had encouraged her to model for him. She remembered back to the first time she had posed for him and his camera. She had felt shy and yet excited at the same time. That first time she was not sure what Richard expected of her and she remembered the erotic mixture of emotions that had filled her as he had encouraged her to undress for him as he took pictures of her. The feeling of being vulnerable as she stood in front of him completely naked for the first time. She remembered how flattered she felt as he complimented her on her body, telling her how sexy she was. Before that time Mary had never considered her self to be sexy, always trying to hide her body. Richard had changed all that. 

She was now quite confident being naked in front of him and as she remembered the last of the photography sessions she blushed a little at the memory of how bold she had been, spreading her legs wide so that he could take pictures of her exposed pussy. Even fingering herself as he took more pictures. 

Now she was in this strange club dressed in an outfit that looked like it belonged in the photographic studio of a maker of porno films. 

Plus, she also began to realise; she would soon have to join her male colleagues in the restaurant dressed like this!

What was bothering her the most was that she knew she had the option of leaving right now, going home and forgetting the whole evening had ever existed, but she wanted to stay! 

She wanted this adventure into the wild unknown. 

She also realised with some alarm that she wanted Ken and his friends to see her like this!

Mary looked at the new Mary in the mirror, running her hands over her self, brushing her nipples that looked so boldly displayed by the special bra. She briefly ran her hand between her legs and realised the extent of the gap in the panties. It actually covered nothing between her legs. The panties were almost two separate parts, joined only at the waist front and back. As her hand brushed over her exposed pussy she reminded herself at how turned on she felt. Her pussy was already moist!

Mary recognised that she had changed but not to this extent. She had never felt so bold before. "Richard's fault!" she decided. 

As all of these thoughts and memories filled her head, the girls all came to look at her and complimented her on how sexy she looked. 

One of them then wrapped a large silk robe around her and said, "OK Mary are you ready to meet your colleagues?"

Mary replied that she was ready and the four naked waitresses led her out of the changing room to an elevator that went down to the restaurant.

As they entered the elevator Mary looked at herself again in the mirrors that covered all four sides. The silk robe was mainly white with red patterns. It was just long enough to cover her body but was short enough to reveal her black stocking tops. As the elevator doors slid shut one of the girls pressed the button marked, "restaurant". Mary felt it start to move as she still studied her reflection in the mirrors. 

Richard had always told her how he thought her nipples were very responsive and sexy. She loved receiving these compliments and was now actually quite surprised at how the outline of her nipples was clearly shown by the thin fabric of the silk that was covering them. Mary was really starting to enjoy the movement of the silk brushing over her nipples. Each slightest movement seemed to stimulate her them, making them become erect and even more prominent.

The lift slowed to a stop. Mary's heart fluttered with nervousness and excitement as she realised that they were about to enter the restaurant.

The doors slid quietly open and there before her was the restaurant. The buzz of conversation reduced to almost silence as everyone turned around to see who was arriving. The naked girls took Mary by the hand and led her around the restaurant to each table in turn. Mary noticed that as she was introduced to each table they all had a lady guest. It was a weird situation as she found herself unable to resist checking each of the ladies. They were all wearing the same style of bra and Mary was quite openly comparing the different sizes of nipples! She was also very aware of the men at each table checking out what they could see of her!

It did not bother her at all! She had never felt this confident before. She enjoyed their friendly but lustful stares and the occasional compliment regarding how her nipples protruded under the silk.

Eventually they reached Ken's table. A chair was already waiting for her at the head of the table. Ken and his guests stood up and applauded politely as the waitresses presented Mary to them.

As the men stood up Mary gave a little gasp of surprise as she saw that they were all now only dressed in their underpants! She felt her gaze drawn to the different sizes of bulge that were now on display. The fact that the men were part naked made her feel more comfortable. 

One of the girls then said, "Gentlemen, may I present Mary." As she spoke she swiftly removed the robe from Mary's shoulders, leaving her in just the sexy underwear. There was a stunned silence for a few seconds, before all of the men said, "WOW, Mary you look fabulous."

Mary blushed but enjoyed the compliments. She was suddenly very aware of her exposed and protruding nipples. The main reason for her acute awareness was that all four pairs of male eyes were staring at them!

Mary had never felt so bold before. With all the men watching her she slowly turned around for them, enjoying every compliment as they gazed lustfully at her. As the men applauded loudly she sat down and said, "OK gentlemen, let's eat."