 Mary was pleased with her new self. She felt very confident and actually enjoyed sitting with her nipples fully on display! Richard had taught her to be proud of them and now she was! 

Ken told Mary that although she was their guest it was the custom that the lady ordered the food and served the men. The idea seemed harmless enough so Mary readily nodded her head in approval.

"Shall I order some wine?" she asked, "Yes please Mary," said Ken.

Mary raised her arm to attract the attention of a waitress. Soon a naked girl was hurrying to their table. Her naked breasts moving in that unique way with each step she took. As the girl arrived Mary ordered some wine and some glasses of water. Mary was puzzled as to why the girl did not seem to give her full attention until she noticed that Mike had placed his hand between the waitress's legs! Mary could see his hand caressing the girl's thigh, moving to within only inches of her pussy! The girl seemed to enjoy the attention and Mary though how it added to the erotic atmosphere of this place. As the girl turned to leave Mike gave her naked bum a playful squeeze. The girl just laughed and hurried off to fetch the wine.

While she was gone various other waitresses came to the table to check that everything was OK and to ask if they needed anything. Four of them stood around the table as Mary ordered the main courses. Mary found it hard to concentrate on ordering the food as she watched the men tease the waitresses. It started with the men playfully slapping their bums, but soon Jerry was openly caressing one of their breasts. While only one of the girls was writing down the order the others were being touched all over by Mary's male colleagues. 

The men's actions were all light hearted and playful but Mary could feel the sexual tension starting to rise. 

As Mary said, "that will be all thank you," the girls all turned and went.

Soon the waitress with the wine and water returned, placing the bottle and glasses on the table. She looked across to Mary and said, "I will leave you to serve your guests." She then turned and went.

The table was too large to reach across and Mary realised she would have to stand up and walk round to each of the men to pour their wine. It was only as she stood up that she remembered the wild panties. As she stood she felt all the men's eyes follow her. Their eyes had been fixed to her nipples but as she stood she felt their collective gaze move down to her panties. It felt as though they were actually touching her pussy! She knew they could not actually see it but was very aware at how naked she felt with the wide gap in her panties extending right up to the waistband, allowing the men a clear view of where her pussy hair had been.

As she stood next to Ken she asked him if he would like some wine. She was aware that as he said yes and she leaned forward to pour it, his eyes were fixed on her large nipples. "You look absolutely fantastic," he said, as she poured his wine. She jumped in surprise as she felt his hand momentarily brush against the backs of her legs. She moved on to Mike and as she was about to pour his wine he moved his glass further way from her causing her to lean over much more than she would have had to. Of course she could have just stopped the fun right there and asked him to either move the glass back or just refused to pour his wine, but she didn't.

As the new Mary, she felt very sexy being the centre of their attention. She joined in the fun and, moving close to the edge of the table, leaned right over to reach his glass. 

She was being a lot bolder than she realised because her bum was now within easy reach of his lustful hand and being bent over he could not resist giving her bum a playful slap. Although it was only a playful slap, Mary felt certain that his hand had momentarily touched the naked flesh that was exposed by the gap in the back of her panties.

She walked round to the others in turn pouring their wine and enjoying their compliments as they all found weak excuses to brush their hands against her. 

Mary returned to her seat, feeling a little flushed but still enjoying the attention. She poured herself a large glass of wine and drank some before the main courses arrived.

The wine started to have an effect quite quickly and Mary was feeling more and more relaxed. 

She began to look forward to serving the men with each course. The old Mary would not even be here but, if she had been, she would hate the men touching her and would almost certainly push their hands away from her.

The new Mary was continually amazing herself at how confident she was becoming. As she stood up each time to serve the men, she actually looked forward to it. She was amused at how the men were being very careful not to go too far. So far they had all slapped her bum playfully, or touched her thighs but so far no one had touched her sexually.

After drinking some more wine Mary got up to serve the last of the main dishes. She was feeling bolder than ever as she purposefully brushed against Ken as she served him. She had been practising how to lean over each of them each time and now she was feeling bold enough to do what she had been thinking of. 

As she got to Jerry, she stood slightly behind him so that as she leaned over him, her exposed nipple would brush over his naked shoulder. It worked perfectly and she was surprised at how naughty and sexy it made her feel. As she made to stand up he managed to quickly give the nipple a kiss which sent a tingle through her body.

Now it was Mike's turn to be served and seeing how she had served Jerry, Mike was ready and feeling bold. As she leaned over him, brushing her nipple over his shoulder, he quickly moved his head and grabbed her nipple in his teeth! He gripped it just hard enough not to hurt but so she could not escape. Mary joined in the fun and managed to pinch Mike's own nipple between her finger and thumb. This atmosphere of sexual fun continued and as she leaned across John she pretended to slip and spilt some wine down his front.

"You clumsy woman!" said John, in a joking voice, pretending to be cross, "now you will have to wipe me clean!"

"Of course," said Mary boldly as she reached for a tissue. John leaned back in his chair and Mary and the others could see the wine that had spilled down his chest. Mary carefully wiped the wine from his naked chest and, feeling playful and bold, she pretended that some wine had spilled on his nipples and carefully wiped each one. 

"There," she said, "all gone." 

"Not quite," said John, "It went further than you thought!" As he spoke he shifted him self and the chair back from the table to reveal his underpants. Mary's gaze was drawn like a magnet to his brief white underpants, or, more precisely, the large bulge inside them!

She felt herself start to panic as she noticed the large stain from the wine directly over his bulging cock!

"Finish the job then Mary," said John, with a mischievous look on his face.

By now Mary was aware that the other three were all watching to see what she would do.

Mary realised that her actions now could change the whole course of events for the rest of the evening.

Until now they were all uncertain of how she would react to more direct sexual activity. OK, so far she had agreed to have her pussy shaved by naked waitresses, be dressed in very provocative underwear, and then sit boldly in the restaurant for all to see. This had all been fun and although very unusual and bold, nothing very serious had happened. This next small test was important, not only for the men, who were keen to initiate Mary into the wilder side of their club but also for Mary herself who subconsciously wanted to test her new found confidence.

She picked up another tissue leaned forward and boldly placed it directly on Johns bulge and began to gently wipe off the wine. 

Mary was pleased with her self and felt wild and excited as she felt Johns cock growing stiff rapidly as she touched him.

She made certain she wiped the whole area of his bulge, making sure it was all completely dry. Just as she finished, she gave his now stiff cock a playful squeeze and said, "OK?" before standing up straight and returning to her seat.

Ken leaned across to her and "well done Mary, I hoped you would enjoy this evening but I was concerned that you would be offended at my assumption that you would like it. Now I am relieved and pleased that you are enjoying the fun."

As Ken spoke to her she heard some laughter from the next table and turned around to see what was happening. She saw that the lady guest on the next table had also spilt some wine and was doing as Mary had just done and was cleaning the gentleman's bulge! As Mary watched the scene in fascination she gasped to herself as she saw that as the lady leaned forward to reach down to the man's bulge her fleshy pussy was actually just visible between her legs because of the crotchless panties! Mary then realised that she too must have given a similar display to the other tables! She listened as Ken and his colleagues commented on the action. "Wow," said Jerry, as he openly gazed at the lady at the next table, you can see her cunt!

Mary was not sure if the lady was unaware of what she was showing, as Mary had been, or just did not care. As Mary continued to watch she decided the lady was fully aware of what she was doing. As Mary looked on, she saw her purposely bend over further than was necessary giving Mary, Ken and the others a momentary perfect view of her exposed pussy. As she stood upright she glanced back at Mary and the men and gave them a quick smile.

Mary was impressed with the ladies confidence and was surprised to realise she actually felt a little jealous at the way this lady had easily grabbed all the attention of Mary's male colleagues!

Mary noticed that what looked like a desert trolley was being pushed toward their table by two of the naked waitresses. "Oh, good," she thought, "I would like some desert."

Of course Mary should have realised it would not be as easy as just eating desert!

The waitresses stopped next to Mary with the trolley and one of them said, "Mary, as it is your first time here with us we thought you would like to be first with the deserts."

"Thank you," said Mary, I would lik----------……." The waitress stopped her and explained that the men would order for her and then afterwards, she could order for the men. She went on to explain that there were some strict rules of the restaurant which she must obey.

Mary was intrigued and asked the girl to tell her more.

The girl went on to say, "The rules are that no chop sticks or cutlery are allowed and when eating desert your hands must be tied behind your back! Also no plates or bowls are allowed."

"I don't understand," said Mary. 

"Don't worry," said the girl, "it will soon become clear!"

The waitress continued her explanation, saying that each man in turn would chose a desert for Mary to eat. 

Mary would then eat the first man's choice, then the second, then the third and finally the fourth, when she was finished eating her deserts she would then choose a desert for each of the men.

Mary thought she understood and asked the waitress to start.

The waitress asked them all to stand up. As they all stood up, Mary could once more feel her colleague's eyes looking lustfully up and down her partly exposed body. A small shudder passed through her as she realised how horny and attractive it made her feel. She, in turn, found she was boldly gazing at the bulging underpants that were now on display. She could not help but notice that they all looked as though they had erections!

The waitress asked them all to place their hands behind their backs. Quickly she walked behind them all and fixed handcuffs to their wrists. 

Once they were all handcuffed, The waitress asked which man was going to be first to choose a desert for Mary.

Jerry said he would.

As the waitress started to wheel the trolley over to Jerry, Mary was puzzled as to why the top shelf of the trolley was empty. Not only was it empty, it had cushions on it.

Her question was soon answered as Jerry Climbed on the trolley and laid down on his back!

As soon as he was settled the two waitresses pushed the trolley back to Mary's side.

Mary could not fail to notice that Jerry's cock was causing a large bulge and looked like a tent pole holding up a tent inside his underpants!

"Right," said one of the waitresses to Jerry, "What would you like to order for Mary.

Jerry thought for a while and then said. "I will choose melon please."

As Mary watched in anticipation, the waitress reached to one of the shelves of the trolley and produced a plate of freshly cut pieces of melon. She then started to place them in a long line from just below Jerry's chin all the way across his chest and down over his belly. The last piece resting on the waistband of his underpants.

Once the melon was in place she then poured a small amount of cream over all of the pieces. Jerry laughed and said it felt cold. The waitress told him to stop complaining and to anticipate the feel of Mary's warm tongue eating from him.

Now it was all becoming clear to Mary.

"OK Mary," said the waitress, "You can start to eat your first desert course now!"

With her hands cuffed behind her back, Mary felt even more conscious of her exposed nipples. The effect of having her hands cuffed behind her was to make her breasts push outwards. She stood next to the trolley and then leaned over to reach the first piece of melon below his chin. It was difficult to pick off with only her mouth. The only way she could get it was to use her tongue as an aid.

She felt uncertain at first but soon the rest of the men were encouraging her to do a good job. As she slowly moved down Jerry's body, licking up the melon and cream, she thought it was very erotic. She could taste Jerry mixed with the cream and melon. It was not a nasty unwashed taste, just the taste of male flesh.

Unlike earlier, when she had been unaware of the risk of showing her pussy, this time, as she was bent over licking Jerry, she could actually feel the cool air of the room on her exposed pussy. She realised that the reason she felt the cool air more this time was that her pussy was getting excited and wet! She tried to keep her legs close together, but deep inside she realised it gave her a thrill to know that others were eagerly trying to catch a glimpse of her.

Soon she was down to the last piece. The waitress had wedged it under the elastic waistband of Jerry's underpants. This did not deter Mary. She was fast becoming an expert in using her tongue to pick up the melon.

In one slow positive movement, she slipped her tongue under the waistband to retrieve the melon. As she prepared to curl her tongue and retrieve he melon she could not help but notice the huge bulge in his underpants. She moved her head very slightly, just enough to feel the bulge brush against her cheek. She felt it twitch as it brushed against her. Her tongue quickly managed to retrieve the last piece of melon and as she pulled it into her mouth, Mary stood up triumphantly having eaten all of the melon.

As Mary stood there, she was not sure what to do next.

She did not have to wait long to find out. The waitresses helped Jerry up from the trolley and then asked who was next. 

John Quickly rose from his seat as he said, "I'll go next." 

John climbed on to the trolley and made himself comfortable. 

Mary stood next to him aware that her nipples were feeling stiffer than ever as they stuck out of the front of the bra.

As with Jerry before him, John had a very obvious bulge in his underpants. Mary's eyes were drawn to it's size and she remembered Richard once saying that it was sometimes uncomfortable when his underpants restrained his stiff cock. She remembered how Richard would adjust the position of his cock so as to feel more comfortable. As these thoughts were running through her head, she heard one of the waitress say, "sir, would you like me to make you more comfortable!

"Yes please," said John. Mary watched as the waitress lifted the waistband of John's underpants and slipped her hand down the front! It was all over in a few seconds but now instead of sticking up uncomfortably like a tent pole, it was now flat against his belly. Mary immediately noticed that, as she had seen with Richard in the past, the head of his cock was slightly showing over the waistband of his underpants!

"OK," said the waitress, "what would you like to order for Mary?"

John was silent as he thought and then he said, "a few grapes and some thick cream please."

The waitress reached under the trolley and found some thick cream and a few grapes. As Mary watched, the waitress placed a small spoonful of cream onto each of John's nipples, one more on his belly button and finally the last spoonful on his belly, immediately above, and almost touching the head of his stiff cock!

Onto each small mound of cream the waitress then carefully placed a grape, pushing it into the cream so that the cream would hold them in place.

The waitress then stood back and said, "Mary, please eat your second desert."

Mary could see that this whole situation was going to get wilder and wilder. Although the new Mary was definitely much more confident with her self, she had never been in a situation remotely like this and was feeling nervous about what was going to happen as the evening progressed. This weird situation reminded her of many of the erotic stories that Richard had encouraged her to read.

But what bothered her the most was that although she felt nervous, trying to anticipate what would happen, the actual situation and the anticipation of sexual adventure was really turning her on. 

She put these thoughts to the back of her mind and concentrated on the next task. She decided to start with John's belly button.

She leaned over him and sucked the grape into her mouth. Then, using her tongue, she licked up all of the cream.

Next she moved to his nipples. Placing her mouth over each one in turn and eating the grapes and cream from him. Each time she ate from his body it gave her more confidence and also made her feel even more adventurous! As she ate from his second nipple, she playfully bit it after having eaten the cream and grape. 

John seemed to enjoy this, so she lingered for a short while, licking and biting his nipple.

"Now for the last grape," she thought to her self. 

She looked down over his belly at the last remaining cream with the grape sitting in it. She could not fail to notice the exposed head of his stiff cock that was showing above his underpants. 

She moved her head down over his belly and then carefully placed her lips over the grape and sucked it into her mouth. The grape was so close to his cock that she felt it touch the side of her mouth as she sucked in the grape. Now she had to eat the cream.

She looked up for a moment to the waitress, as if for re-assurance. The waitress smiled back at her, knowing that Mary had already noticed that some of the cream had been purposely placed on the tip of John's cock!

Mary's wildness was building in strength! She pushed out her tongue and started to lick the cream from his belly. As she licked up the cream, her tongue moved nearer and nearer to the head of John's cock. She could feel the tension all around her as the other men looked on in anticipation. She felt very uncertain and nervous, but her wild side was taking over.

She moved closer and then ran her tongue directly over John's cock! She felt him suddenly tense as her tongue passed over the head. She heard him groan, "oh yes, Mary, lick it all off!"

As she licked the remaining cream from his cock she was very aware that he was moving his hips to try and move his cock towards her mouth!
