 Mary looked down her body, over her rudely exposed breasts, between her wide spread stocking covered thighs at her colleagues. In her mind she had a vivid picture of Richard and his camera as she remembered him during her last visit. 

She was remembering that last photographic session and how the new Mary had taken over. She remembered how she had enjoyed posing for him, flattered as he told her how sexy she looked, obeying all of his instructions on how he wanted her to pose. She remembered the old Mary, how shy she had been the first time Richard had parted her thighs to glimpse her pussy. That last time, she felt completely different, boldly spreading her thighs wide and following Richard's instruction to let him see her with at least two fingers pushed inside her wet cunt!

She blushed a little as she remembered kneeling on the bed with her arse in the air allowing him a perfect view of her wet cunt and arsehole. 

She realised that somehow he had changed her and, as these four men gazed between her legs, she imagined that she was still posing for Richard, pushing that large vibrator into her wet cunt as he watched and photographed her.

She realised with some shock that right now she felt the same! She knew how much it was turning on her men colleagues and she could feel their excitement and lust as they gazed at her fully exposed wet cunt. 

"Yes," thought Mary, "I am really enjoying this!"

The waitress interrupted her thoughts and Reminded Mary that she had to start to choose deserts for her guests.

"MMMmmm," thought Mary, what to choose?" 

"I am not sure what to choose," said Mary to one of the girls.

"OK," said the girl, "why don't you choose a fruit salad. 

"Is that a mixture of every fruit?" said Mary.

"Yes," the girl said, "a small portion of everything.

"OK," said Mary, "Fruit salad it is!"

The waitresses were starting to reach under the trolley for the various fruits. While they were preparing the fruit the men got up and stood around the trolley. Mary realised that they were all going to eat together!

As the men looked on the waitresses began to prepare the 'Mary fruit salad'. Mary giggled as one of them poured a little fruit juice onto her belly button and then placed some pieces of apple there. Next they arranged slices of melon laid carefully around each breast. She watched, fascinated as one of them held a ly-chee in her hand and started to cut a hole in one end. She then fitted the modified ly-chee over one of Mary's nipples! This was then repeated with the other nipple.

They were now running out of space for the fruit. Mary giggled again as one of the waitresses started pushing cherries just under the edge of her stocking tops. Eventually, each thigh had a ring of cherries running round each stocking top. With all the flesh space almost gone Mary tensed again as she felt the expert fingers of the waitress brush her pussy lips again. This time though, instead of just teasing her exposed lips, she felt the girls finger slip inside her. 

Mary felt very wet and very aroused. 

The girl with her finger inside Mary was looking thoughtful as she said to the other waitress, "I think we will get at least ten in here!"

Mary wondered what she meant until the other girl handed her friend a bunch of large grapes" 

Mary watched the waitress pick off a grape and closely inspect it. She carefully wiped it clean, removed the stalk and then expertly pushed it straight inside Mary's pussy! She then did the same with another, and another, and another. Mary lost count of how many the waitress had pushed inside her. Her pussy felt very full and if she could have seen it, she would have seen it stretched wide open with the first few grapes clearly visible.

Just as she thought they were finished she felt the waitress's finger touch her arsehole. "It would be a shame to waist this last space!" said the waitress. Mary felt her small hole being probed by the girl's finger. Not deeply, just enough to get the tip of her finger in. The other girl passed her another smaller grape and Mary felt it being placed expertly into the grip of her arse. Not completely inside, just enough to grip it and leave half of it showing!

"OK gentlemen," said one of the waitresses, "your desert is ready!"

The men started to eat almost immediately. Mary decided to close her eyes and just enjoy the sensations of being used as a large plate! She felt a hungry mouth eating from her belly. Another mouth was busily eating melon from her breasts. As the mouth removed the last piece she felt the ly-chee being sucked from each of her nipples. She knew the fruit had gone completely from her breasts but she could still feel a mouth on each nipple, expertly sucking and teasing them and sending waves of lust through her body.

As her breasts continued to receive expert attention she could feel a mouth on each thigh. The sensation was very sensual as she felt a tongue explore between her naked thigh and her stocking top to retrieve the cherries one by one. The tops of her thighs were starting to feel quite wet as the men licked around them. 

Soon all of the cherries were gone. There was a momentary pause and some discussion. Mary realised that they were arguing over who should have the pleasure of eating the grapes!

More discussion and then Ken announced that they would all take it in turns until the last grape had gone. Mary opened her eyes and looked down. She saw Ken look up and smile at her just before his face disappeared between her wide-open thighs. Mary gave an involuntary gasp of pleasure as Ken first licked all around her bulging pussy with his expert tongue. She then felt his tongue probe inside her and hook out a grape. He stood up eating it and let John take his place. John did the same, licking very gently and expertly around Mary's aroused cunt, before pushing in his tongue and pulling out a grape. This seemed to go on forever and Mary was losing track of time as these men with their expert tongues sent wave after wave of pleasure through her body as they retrieved the grapes from her cunt. Mary opened her eyes, just a little, to try and see which one of them was about to retrieve the last grape. The only grape left was the one in her arsehole and it was Ken who was about to eat it. 

She felt his hot breath pass over her aroused, wet cunt and on to her arse as his mouth covered it and then his tongue explored around to find the grape. With a mixture of sucking and probing with his tongue she felt it pop out of her arse and into his mouth.

Ken jumped up triumphantly eating the grape!

"I think we have eaten the desert course said Ken and now we can finish."

Mary was not sure what Ken meant by "finish" but before she could ask the waitresses came over and said, "before we can allow you gentlemen to finish we must check that all the fruit has been eaten!"

"Just relax as we check," said the girl, we don't want any fruit left inside do we!"

Mary again felt the expert fingers of one of the girls teasing the slightly swollen wet lips of her cunt. She also noticed that all of her gentlemen colleagues were standing looking between her legs! She could tell by their expressions that it really turned them on to see her like that. Again, this knowledge of their enjoyment gave her pleasure.

As they all watched Mary felt something cold touch the moist lips of her pussy, she looked down just in time to see the waitress had a metal speculum in her hand. Mary was momentarily horrified. The only time she was used to seeing one of these was when she had a full examination at her doctors.

It had never been a pleasant experience to have her pussy stretched open for examination. 

She felt the cold metal slowly enter her, inch by inch as the waitress manipulated it expertly. Mary began to realise that this time it felt completely different, nothing like it did at the doctors. She soon realised why, it was very obvious, previously, when at the doctors, she was always dry and not aroused. 

Now, even with all the men watching, her cunt was swollen and aroused, it was dripping with her juices, she had to admit that having this large metal object inserted into her was actually OK!

She felt the inward movement stop and then felt her cunt being stretched as the waitress slowly opened the speculum. It felt uncomfortable as her cunt was stretched wider and wider, but somehow the very full feeling it gave her was pleasurable.

The waitress then invited Ken to check inside for fruit! 

There was no fruit, Mary knew that and all the others knew that, it was just an excuse to satisfy one of Ken's and John's unusual sexual tastes of seeing attractive ladies having their cunts stretched wide open in public!

Richard had started Mary's wild education some time ago and now she was a willing pupil, always keen to learn of unusual sexual practices. 

Once more she said to herself, "Richard's fault!"

She felt her pussy start to relax as the waitress returned the speculum to its original insertion size and then it was withdrawn. She enjoyed the sensation as her cunt returned to its normal size as the metal intrusion was removed. 

"Mary," said the waitress, we hope you enjoyed serving your fruit salad. When you ordered it you did not say how many portions of cream you wanted. Before the men can finish we need to know many. 

Mary thought this was strange as the fruit had all gone.

" I am not sure how many portions of cream to ask for," she said, "what do you suggest?"

The waitress smiled at her and said, "I suggest you order sufficient to fully satisfy you and your gentlemen guests, we will keep it coming until you have had enough"

"Thank you very much," said Mary.

"We just need to finish preparing you Mary," said the waitress.

Having said that the two waitresses made some further adjustments to the trolley.

They placed an additional cushion under Mary's bum, which made her wet cunt even more prominent. The cushion under her head was lowered so that her head now laid right back so that she could almost see behind her.

They checked if she was comfortable and she replied that she was.

Mary could no longer see what the waitresses were doing but she was puzzled at this further preparation. She was about to ask what was going to happen next when she suddenly tensed as she felt something small and cold push into her arse! It did not hurt at all and as she lay there she became aware of a strange feeling as a cold substance was being squirted up her arse. Judging by the fun that had been had so far with the food and the mention now of cream, she assumed it was some of the cream being pumped into her arse! 

"Very weird," she thought, "but then so was pushing grapes in to my pussy!"

What Mary did not know at that stage was that it was not cream!

She felt the cold tube being removed and then those skilful fingers returned to her pussy. 

"MMmmm, this girl is good and very skilled," thought Mary, "maybe I will have to let Richard experience one of his fantasies for real one day and invite a girl to join us in sex!"

The girl's fingers rubbed and teased Mary and she could feel her cunt juices actually starting to drip down over her arse!

The girl stopped and stood aside. 

Mary could feel a strong sexual tension in the atmosphere as she tried to look around her. Up until now all the men had been looking at Mary's cunt as the waitress made it drip with juices. Now Mary could sense them moving. Mike appeared behind her and with her head in the new position she could now see him. She smiled up at him and he returned her smile. As her gaze shifted down his body she suddenly realised he was now completely naked. More than that, the handcuffs had now gone and he was gazing lustfully at her while slowly rubbing his stiff cock! As she watched, other men came into her view, all naked and all stroking their cocks. Another wave of mild panic but wild anticipation swept through her body and then the sudden realisation that they were not waiting for the cream at all. Well, not the cream she had been thinking of!

She remembered the waitress's words; "Sufficient to satisfy you and your gentleman guests." 

"Keep it coming until you have had enough."

"Spunk, they were talking about spunk!"

Mary did not have time to panic or think any more.

The waitress said, "Gentlemen, Ken's colleagues and any one else who wishes to help, Mary is now ready for the cream course!"