 She felt the men move closer. Someone was already standing between her open thighs. She felt a stiff cock poised at her moist entrance, rubbing gently over her moist swollen lips; then, with one long slow and deliberate thrust she felt it push completely inside her. The feeling almost took her breath away but was exquisite; in reality she had been yearning to be fucked all day and especially all evening. Whoever it was, was a nice size, just enough to stretch her a little as he started to thrust purposefully back and forth. She felt him grab her suspender straps and use them as handles as he thrust his stiff swollen cock urgently in and out of her. Whoever it was had obviously been very aroused all evening and soon she felt him thrust even harder and then tense as his hot spunk fill her insides. Suddenly she felt empty, the cock was gone, but the disappointment was short lived. Another stiff cock soon took his place. Mary could feel that it was not as thick as the last one but much longer. Soon it was fucking her hard. 

By now she was moaning almost constantly as wave after wave of pleasure and lust built up inside her. She could feel she was getting near to an orgasm and just as the cock inside her erupted with spunk her first orgasm gripped her body. 

Mary screamed out loud as the pleasure filled her. Her eyes were closed as mystery mouths teased and pulled at her nipples. The cock that had just given her so much pleasure was now also gone.

Again she momentarily had that empty feeling, then she felt yet another take its place. She could feel the spunk from the previous men mixed with her own juices leaking from her and dripping down over her arse. It felt very messy but very good! 

This new cock was much bigger than the ones before. She felt it stretch her entrance with it's swollen head. She shouted out loud, "yes, yes, fuck me! Fuck me!" 

Mary somehow felt remote from the reality. She could hear her self loudly begging to be fucked, "Richard's fault!" she playfully thought. All her mind seemed consumed with the overwhelming desire for sex and more sex.

The large cock stretched her cunt wide as it slowly pushed it's way deep inside her. She felt full as her cunt was stretched. It stayed like that for a little while, filling her completely. Mary lay there enjoying this feeling of something so large in her cunt. Then slowly it started to fuck her, in and out like a giant piston. At the same time Mary could feel something else on her nipples. She partly opened her eyes and saw that on either side of her were two more men, each with their stiff cocks rubbing over her nipples. She realised that both men had their eyes closed and were wanking. She watched as one of them tensed his legs and then felt and saw his hot spunk squirt over her nipple and breast. This seemed to trigger the other man who in turn shot his load over the other breast. Both of them then massaged their spunk into her breasts using their cocks!

The cock that was fucking her was now moving in a regular slow rhythm that felt very good. Mary then felt another cock brushing over her face. 

She opened her eyes and realised that all she could see was a pair of hairy balls. She realised it must be Mike. His stiff cock was laid over her face, the exposed purple head brushing against her chin and his balls resting on her nose. He soon made it obvious what he wanted as she felt the head rubbing over her lips. She opened her mouth, pushed her tongue out and licked the head of Mike's cock; savouring the salty tangy taste. 

She was definitely acquiring a taste for cock! She realised that something the old Mary thought was perhaps not very nice actually tasted very good! With her head laid back she now realised why the waitresses had placed her head like this. All she had to do was open her mouth with a man standing behind her and he would be able to fuck her mouth!

She felt very turned on and had an overwhelming urge to taste some cock properly! She opened her mouth in invitation. Mike did not need asking twice! As she opened her mouth Mike pushed his long stiff cock between her willing lips. She gripped it with her lips as she moved her tongue around its engorged head. It obviously felt good for Mike as he started to move his cock in a fucking motion. She remembered Richard telling her that this position was good for giving "deep throat." She felt a need to try it now and if she could get her mouth in line with her throat she might be able to practice what she had tried on Richard! Her main worry was that she did not have any control over how much cock she could take. She decided to risk it anyway and moved her head further back. Mary felt certain that Mike had had this done to him before and so would know to be considerate and ready to stop.

For the moment Mary had forgotten about the large cock that was still gently fucking her. She wanted to complete a challenge of her own. She tried to move her head a little to encourage the Mike to try. Mike got the message! Slowly and carefully he pushed his long cock into Mary's mouth. It did not feel as thick as Richard's did, she thought but maybe a little longer. It tasted good as it filled her mouth; slightly salty. The taste and feel of Mike's cock in her mouth filled her with a strong desire to taste his spunk. Just as it reached the back of her throat and Mary was about to panic he paused for a moment. She could feel the head of his cock like a large piece of food about to be swallowed. "Maybe that was the key," she thought. 

Just then Mike's voice spoke out. "Just do as you did earlier with the cream on Ken's cock. As it reaches your throat swallow hard as though it is food".

Mike moved his cock slowly forward again, but this time, as it touched the back of her throat, Mary swallowed hard. At that same time as she swallowed Mike pushed his cock very gently all the way in. Mary felt the reflex to gag, but gradually this feeling passed and the head of his cock was still in her throat! Mike started to move it, very slowly, back and forward, keeping the head in her throat the whole time. Each time he moved Mary swallowed, soon they built a rhythm. 

Mary thought of Richard and how proud, but certainly jealous he would be! She could not believe she was actually doing it. She could sense how much Mike was enjoying it and that gave her great pride and pleasure. She enjoyed the feeling of his hairy balls brushing against her chin as he really was starting to fuck her mouth. She felt the familiar signs. His thrusts became more urgent and she felt his thighs tense against the side of her head. She felt him lean over her and roughly grab hold of her spunk covered tits, squeezing them hard with each thrust of his cock into her mouth. Then, with no further warning, his hot spunk was spurting directly down her throat. It was weird she thought, she could taste it and feel it, but she did not have to swallow or risk choking because it was going directly down her gullet to her stomach!

He remained still for a while as the last of his spunk trickled into Mary. Then, fully satisfied he gently pulled his cock out. She choked a little as he pulled it from her throat and then tasted the full flavour of his spunk as a few more drops dribbled onto her tongue.

She felt so proud at what she had just managed to do but was soon occupied again as she suddenly realised the big cock in her cunt was about to cum. Once more she felt hot spunk filling her insides and then dripping from her cunt as the big cock was removed.

Two more cocks were wanking over her breasts again and another was now wanking over her face! She knew the one over her face was about to cum and opened her mouth as his spunk spurted out. She caught some of his spunk on her tongue and realised that the more she tasted it the more spunk she wanted! The rest was dripping over her nose and forehead!

Soon she was losing track of what was happening. Her breasts were now covered and dripping with spunk as man after man wanked over her nipples. She was surprised at how good it felt as they rubbed their exposed cock heads over her sensitive nipples until the warm spunk flooded over them.

Many more enjoyed wanking over her face, some she sucked and swallowed others she just tasted as they shot their spunk.

At one stage she was sure that as one cock filled her cunt another two were covering her breasts while a fourth was filling her mouth!

Gradually the activity died down and Mary could feel the vast amount of spunk dripping all over her. 

It felt disgusting and very messy, but so erotic, she thought, as another cock entered her cunt and displaced the previous spunk. She could feel it oozing out from her cunt because she was so full!

This cock fucked her cunt for a while and then slowly stopped.

She could feel the cock still inside her. As she lay there, wondering why he had stopped, she felt a finger touch her arsehole.

The finger teased her and traced small circles around her arse. She guessed what was coming next but was not sure if she could take it without all the KY jelly that Richard always used. 

Suddenly, and to her surprise, she gasped as the finger slid easily into her arse up to the first knuckle. She could feel it moving around and pushing further inside. 

This was when she realised what the waitresses had done earlier. They had filled her arse with almost a whole tube of KY jelly! 

Before she realised what was happening she felt a second finger trying to push in. To her surprise, although it felt very tight, it did not hurt. Soon she felt quite comfortable as the two fingers pushed in and out, stretching her and preparing her for her final fuck!

She opened her eyes for a moment and noticed that there were no longer any men behind her. 

The waitresses appeared by her side and lifted her head back up onto an extra cushion. Mary could feel the spunk dripping from her face and the waitresses wiped most of it off for her.

Now she could look down between her legs again. Standing between her legs was Ken. He smiled at her and she smiled back. He still had two fingers firmly up her arse and Mary realised that her arse was quickly becoming accustomed to stretching this far. "Richard's fault again! She said to herself.

As Ken moved his fingers around in her arse, the waitresses moved down to stand either side of her outstretched thighs. Mary noticed that her stockings were now torn and ripped and her thighs were glistening with yet more spunk!

One of the waitresses looked up to her and said, "I hope that was enough cream, 

"What do you mean?" asked Mary. 

"You have received the spunk of every male guest in the restaurant!" she replied. "Except for one"

Mary looked around at all the men in disbelief. "Wow," she thought, "I thought I was feeling horny!"

Her thoughts focussed back to the two fingers that were gently probing and stretching her arse. She then felt that familiar strange sensation that she had first experienced with Richard, as Ken withdrew his two fingers. It was a very erotic and sensual feeling.

Again the image of Richard seemed to appear to her, between her legs. She could see his smiling but lustful gaze and she knew he was preparing to fuck her arse.

The image faded away and once more she saw Ken. She watched as he placed a hand around each of her thighs. She then saw and felt the waitresses move their hands between her thighs. She recognised that same expert female touch on her pussy as the waitress started to stimulate her again. She felt another small hand caress her bum cheeks and then the other waitress started to rub her fingers over Mary's anus before slipping one inside!

For a while both the girls fingered her, one in the anus and the other in her cunt. Mary realised that the girls must have experienced this themselves, as they knew exactly how to stimulate her.

The girl who was fingering her cunt gradually stopped and then asked Ken to move back a little. As Mary watched him move back she could now see his stiff cock sticking up proudly. The waitress gripped his stiff cock and then produced the tube of KY jelly. She squirted the jelly all over the swollen purple head of his stiff cock and then pulled him forward by it! As it disappeared from Mary's view she felt the slippery head touch between her legs. The other waitress removed her finger from Mary's anus and then both girls together, skilfully positioned Ken's slippery cock at the prepared entrance to Mary's smallest hole!

Mary closed her eyes and tried to relax as she felt him push at her. She could feel that one of the girls still had her hand around his cock, guiding it, and steadying it. Mary could feel Ken's cock trying to gain entrance, but, for what seemed like a long time, it just would not fit, it felt too large.

Mary recognised this feeling and had learned to keep trying to relax when Richard had fucked her in this way. Eventually he had always managed to enter her anus! 

She felt the pressure increasing and nothing was giving way. Then almost without warning, the head of Ken's cock slipped inside. He paused immediately as Richard always did, allowing her to become accustomed to such a large invasion of her tight hole. 

This time, though Mary realised how quickly she felt comfortable with the head of his cock in her. "Richard's fault again!"

She relaxed her thighs and let her knees fall further apart. As she did this she gave an involuntary moan as the whole length of Ken's stiff cock slowly slid completely inside her. It almost took her breath away as it filled and stretched her. 

Even in this wild position, covered in spunk, having been exposed completely to countless men and been fucked by many of them, she blushed as all the men cheered at the total invasion of her arsehole!

She looked up at Ken and nodded as he enquired, "are you OK? Do you want me to continue?"

She did not answer. She just closed her eyes again and felt him grip her thighs. She then felt that erotic sensation as he slid his stiff cock back out, but not quite out, she held her breath as she anticipated his inward thrust and then moaned out loud again as he pushed his cock all the way back in. 

Gradually he started to fuck her, gently at first, sensing her ability to take him in such a tight hole. Then as he sensed her anus relax even more he increased his urgency.

Soon he was fucking her quite hard, his stiff cock pounding into her, his balls slapping against her bum cheeks. 

Mary felt waves and waves of unexpected pleasure surge through her body. Maybe it was the fact that she had been aroused for so long by all these men. Every nerve in her body felt alive. She opened her eyes again briefly as she felt her nipples being expertly caressed; it was the waitresses.

They were standing either side of her, massaging her breasts and sucking the spunk from her nipples. The feelings were exquisite, almost a sweet and sour contrast as the girls caressed her breasts and Ken fucked her, almost brutally in the arse. 

To her surprise Mary could feel that she was going to cum again. The feelings were rapidly building in intensity. These feelings were magnified as she felt both girls move one of their hands downwards over her belly and onto her cunt. The girl's fingers hardly entered her; just expertly rubbed and teased the wet swollen lips as Mary did when she masturbated.

She was now very close to her orgasm. Her moans and groans of pleasure were increasing and blending in to a long scream of extreme pleasure. With what seemed like perfect timing she felt Ken grip her even harder and thrust deeper than she thought possible. She felt him pause momentarily and then tense. She could feel his cock start to pulsate and fill her arsehole with his hot spunk. This was the final trigger for the biggest orgasm she had ever had. It felt to Mary as though it lasted an eternity, the waves of pleasure just kept ripping through her body. Ken could feel her arse muscles gripping and releasing his cock as if she was squeezing every last drop of spunk from him.

The feelings were so intense that Mary almost fainted.

Slowly, very slowly, her full consciousness returned. 

Where was she?

What was she doing?

It was then as reality returned she realised she was still in the toilet at work! She was leaning back on the toilet; her finger still stuck up her arse!

She quickly removed her finger, stood up and pulled her panties back up.

As she left the cubicle she suddenly worried at how much noise she had made and if any one had heard her.

As she washed her hands and prepared to go home she said to herself, 

"Definitely Richard's fault!"