 My husband had just left again and would be gone for another seven to eight months at sea. I had always been faithful to him, but recently his "buddies" were telling me stories about how he isn't when he reaches a port. 

At first it tore the heart out of me. Here I was back in military housing taking care of the house and working because he had a gambling problem. I never could seem to keep money in the account. He was out putting into ports and fucking strangers, but he was excepting me to be faithful. 

I just had to talk about it with someone and was too embarrassed to tell my family. I confided in my friend Alisha that I just didn't know what to do. I felt betrayed, hurt and frustrated. 

Alisha was active duty herself and her husband, Steve, like me, was the civilian. I often went to her house to play cards with her husband and her. When Dan was out at sea, they would invite someone to make a fourth. They would even invite me over for family night with the kids to watch movies and have fun. 

"Mary," said Alisha. 

"Yes," I replied. 

"Have you ever thought of swinging?" 

"I never considered it as an option," feeling embarrassed. "I don't know if I could. I m-mean, I've never been with another woman in my life." 

Alisha looked at me with her beautiful brown eyes. "Well, if you ever feel a need to be with someone, Steve and I are swingers and we'd love to have sex with you. Don't feel uncomfortable, we've never forced anyone. You'll know if and when the time is right." 

I thanked Alisha, but I had so many things whirling around in my head as it was.

A couple of weeks later, one of Dan's shipmates was injured and sent home. Roger had been just one of my many partners while playing cards. I went to the hospital to see how he was doing. 

"It was a stupid accident," Roger said. "I slipped and fell and broke it. Doc said I can be released today." 

"So," I began. "How's Dan doing?" 

Roger looked at me very intently. Just starring into his eyes told me what I needed to know. My eyes started tearing although I tried to control it and I stared down at my lap. 

"Go ahead Roger. I've heard a lot of different things from different guys about what Dan is doing."

Roger reached for my hand. "He's a son of a bitch for sure Mary. You deserve better."

He squeezed my hand. I looked up into his eyes while tears ran down my cheeks. 

"I'll come back later Roger. I've got to deal with this first" and I left. 

As I was walking out to my car, I kept my head down and let the tears fall. I was shaking so bad I was having trouble unlocking the car door. 

"Hey stranger! What's new?" 

I looked up into Steve's eyes. 

"What's wrong Mary?" he came over and took the keys from my hand. I buried my face into his shoulder and started to cry.

"There now, you're in no condition to drive." He walked me over to his car. 

"I'll visit Roger later. Let's go home and get you calmed down." 

I felt more like I was on remote control as I sat down in the passenger seat. "Steve. I just can't go back to that house with all his stuff. I just can't face it right now!" I cried. 

Steve started the car and began to drive, "No. You're coming over to our place for awhile. Alisha is at the airport sending the kids to her mom's for a few weeks." Steve smiled and said, "We're on leave as of now and so are you."

Steve pulled the car in the drive and I followed into the house. 

"Now, just sit there and I'll fix you some tea," he said as he started to putter around the kitchen. 

I stared off into nothing, feeling nothing ... just letting my mind go blank to match the numbness of my body. 

"There we are," said Steve as he set down the cups. 

The tea helped bring me back into some form of consciousness. 

"First thing Mary, tell me what you need from the house and Alisha and I will go gather it." 

I sat just shaking my head up and down. 

"Second, we booked a cabin in the mountains and you're coming with us. Come to think of it, I'm going to call and alter it to a two bedroom." He got up and went to the phone.

Alisha came in the front door and saw me at the table. Steve must have signaled her because she walked by me and they left to talk in the other room. When they returned, Alisha came over behind me and put her arms around me and hugged me gently back against her. Just that human, loving response helped more than anything. 

"Oh Love," said Alisha and she wrapped her arms around chest and kissed me on the side of my neck. "You just can't stay with him anymore. Why put yourself through this torture," said more as a statement than a question.

"Steve," yelled Alisha. 

"Yes." 

"Go over to Mary's and pack a bag for her. I think right now what she needs is a hot bath and a nap." 

"Ok, but I think I'll stop and see Roger first since I promised him." 

"Alright, and let's just order in for tonight. I don't feel like cooking anything and I don't want any leftovers in the fridge before we leave." 

Still on remote, Alisha guided me into the bathroom. "Come on Love, strip. Can't take a bath with your clothes on," Alisha said as she started to run the bath. "I'll be right back Mary. Go ahead and get in when you're done."

I striped my clothes off and eased into the hot water. It felt good against my skin and helped revive me although my thoughts were still swirling and tumbling over and over. 

Alisha came in wearing a bathrobe and carried another which she hooked on the bathroom door. "There's a robe for you just in case Steve isn't back before you're done with your bath." 

Alisha was starring at my body and smiled. "I forgot to add the bubble bath," she remarked and headed to the closet. 

"I don't think I really need any Alisha," I said. 

"Sure you do." She was returning with a container. "That's what makes us feel special."

She smiled as she sprinkled some in the water. She knelt next to the tub and started to reach in. "Oops! Don't want to get my sleeve wet."

Alisha untied the belt of her robe and let it slip off her shoulders baring her top. She was really in great shape even after having three kids. Like me, her breasts were a size B and quite firm. She bent over the lip of the tub and start swirling the water to make bubbles. 

I kept looking at her breasts. "Alisha? How can your breasts still be so firm after three kids?" 

She looked down at her breasts and gave a little laugh. "I absolutely refused to breast feed. I didn't want flat breasts like my mom's." 

When she rose, the rest of the robe fell to the floor revealing trim tanned legs and a tight rounded ass. She picked up the robe and placed it into the towel rack and came back over to the tub.

Alisha grabbed the sponge from the corner, "Sit up and I'll do your back. It'll make you feel better," and she pushed it into the water. 

She started to sponge off my back making small circles and my tension started to fade. I felt like a kid being given a bath. 

Alisha pulled the towel off the rack and rolled it up into a log. "Here Love, place this behind your neck and ease back," which I did without thinking. 

I closed my eyes and just let the sensations float through my body. She started sponging my neck and shoulders and on down my arms. She brushed the sponge over my chest and down across my breast and nipple. 

I sighed at the tingling sensation that it caused and tried to ease further back into the towel at my neck. She swiped my other breast in the same way and enlisted the same response. 

"Does that feel better Love?" Alisha said as she started to rub the sponge down my legs.

"It feels wonderful," I responded. 

The sponge traveled down my other thigh and leg as well; making me warm and relaxed. Alisha moved the sponge to the inside of my thigh and I caught my breath as another spasm of excitement ran through my body. 

"Mary, I think we need to shave," said Alisha "You're just a bit stubbly and we should always be smooth." 

I blushed, "I don't usually do it while Dan is out at sea." My blush quickly turned to anger as I remembered this morning. 

"Sure," I said, "Why not." 

Alisha crossed the bathroom and got the cream and razor. "I'll do it for you Love, you're still a bit shaky. Just stand up and spread your legs apart." 

I did as she instructed and she rubbed the cream over my mound. I found myself closing my eyes and pushing into her hand.

After shaving my cunt baby smooth, Alisha pulled the plug. "Time to rinse off," she announced. 

She turned the water on and adjusted the temperature to lukewarm. She hoisted the handheld shower and started up at my neck. 

"Spread your arms so I can make sure I get all the soap off." I spread my arms and closed my eyes enjoying the feeling of the water cascading down my body. It made me feel refreshed and stimulated all at the same time. 

Alisha was playing the water over my breasts and my nipples started to get hard. "Spread your legs Love, don't want to leave any soap there." 

Again, I did as instructed and felt the water play over my cunt and up between my legs.

Alisha's hand traced down the top of my mound and a finger slid between my lips to find my clit. My eyes opened wide, but it felt so wonderful. 

"Alisha," I breathed huskily. 

She smiled and waited. 

"I need to go slow and to get out of this tub." 

"No problem Love," she said as she extended her hand to help me. 

She grabbed another towel out of the closet and wrapped it around my shoulders and back while she leaned into me. 

"Close your eyes Love and when I kiss you, see if it's any different to you." 

I felt her full lips press against mine; just lightly and briefly. I opened my eyes and smiled. I bent in to kiss her again and her tongue slipped into my mouth ... probing ... tasting while her hand reached up and began caressing my breast and gently tweaking my nipple. I moaned into her mouth and leaned into her caress. 

"Come on Love," Alisha said as she led me back to the master bedroom. 

"Sit in the center and we'll just explore. We won't do anything you don't feel ready for." I crawled into the center of the bed and Alisha followed. She sat in front of me with her legs spread. 

"Sit like I am, but draped your legs over mine," she instructed. 

This way we could sit almost pressed together; both of our cunts spread wide. "You have lovely breasts Love," said Alisha as she started to stroke and caress them. 

She lightly traced her fingertips out to the nipples pulling on them slightly causing them to become quite hard. I decided to follow her example and mimick her actions doing her own breasts the same way. 

Alisha bent over and sucked a nipple into her mouth. I threw my head back and moaned. It felt like an electric current was running through my body. When she started sucking my other breast, I reached and grabbed her head. The sensations were overwhelming and I started to moan louder. 

Alisha stopped sucking and sat back up. "Why don't I just explore you for now Love," she said as she kneaded my shoulders, "and you can explore me later on." 

I looked into Alisha's eyes and smiled. 

"Women, my Love," she started, "know how to suck breasts better because we know what we like. If I do something you don't like, feel free to let me know and we'll alter it to what you do like."

I leaned back onto the bed feeling so free and that someone actually cared about what I wanted. 

Alisha straddled my hips and I felt her own shaved pussy resting on top of mine. I never would have believed that such a thing would turn me on, but I could feel my juices starting to flow. 

She lowered herself down and took my left nipple into her mouth. Her tongue swirled and sucked gently causing me to arch my back and moan. When she let go, she started to do the same to the right nipple as well. 

I started to moan and breathe a little faster. I felt like my nipples were attached to my cunt as the sensations were surging downward causing my cunt to juice and gush with tingling sexual excitement.

Alisha eased herself down my legs; licking and kissing down to the top of my mound. 

She grabbed a pillow, "Raise your ass Love." 

I raised my ass and she slid the pillow under me. She was sitting between my spread legs with my cunt fully exposed. 

"You look so delicious." 

She started licking my outer lips, sucking and nibbling all the way down. Then she went back to top and started again on the other side. By then I was sucking in air and the familiar hum of my orgasm was building. 

Her tongue traced up and down my inner lips and stopped and swirled around my clit. I moaned and bucked toward her face. She covered my clit with her entire mouth and sucked hard as she slid one finger into my dripping hole.

Alisha stuck another finger in, then another while her mouth kept sucking and nibbling my clit. She finally had four fingers in and pressed her thumb against my throbbing clit. Rotating and rubbing it hard while her tongue flicked across my asshole and then finally plunged into it like a miniature cock. 

I was bucking in full force and crying out as my orgasm kept building. I had grabbed the bedspread with both hands and was holding on with all my strength. I had never had an orgasm this powerful before. 

I felt pressure on the bed but didn't let it distract me from the sensations that were flooding through my body. Suddenly, both of my nipples were being sucked hard and my orgasm flooded through me. I was still gasping for air when I opened my eyes to the smiling faces and eyes of both Roger and Steve. 

"See you've started without us," said Steve. 

"Mind if we join you?" laughed Roger. "I might have a broken leg, but everything else is intact." 

I just laughed as I reached up to kiss Roger, Steve and then Alisha. 

"This is going to be a great vacation," I said. "When do we leave?"