 Stay safe.....

Linda's words hung in Howard's thoughts as he pulled in outside of his hotel. A diverted flight left him with no option but to stay over for the night and complete his journey home tomorrow. His chosen hotel looked fairly plush, but it also looked very busy. Something confirmed as the concierge led him into a noisy lobby.

"Is there some sort of party on?"

"Oh yes sir. It's a gathering of writers I believe. But all 'in house' functions are open to hotel guests, so please use the bar as normal." A gathering of writers, it sounded an interesting fly on the wall opportunity for an amateur author like himself. Having a very odd mind, Howard considered what the collective noun for such a group would be. Would all of the men be wearing cravats? His normal bar or gym decision was easy tonight, it was past nine pm. And the bar sounded fun.

Throwing his attaché case into the room, he started the shower, then unpacked his overnight bag and laid out a casual shirt and trousers on the bed. The water felt good, and soon washed away the tiredness of his day. He was surprised how aroused he was. Linda's emails had really turned him on, and he'd stayed that way. They'd come out of the blue, after she had read one of his stories on the net, and were quite explicit. It wouldn't have taken much effort with his right hand to rid himself of his frustration, but he was enjoying it. Her comments had increased the flow of his creative juices, as well as other, more physiological fluids.

The bar was typical of a hotel, with a small dance floor and a stage. Gentle music came from invisible speakers and a group of thirty or so people chatted in the corner. 

"Can I get you something Sir?"

"Oh yes please, a Jack Daniel’s with ice." The small whisky arrived, and was gone almost immediately.

"Sir."

"Yes please," Howard replied. He was clearly tenser than he thought.

Howard looked around the group of writers to see if there was anyone famous. There wasn't. So after a little while he looked at other couples and individuals to see if anyone needed a conversation partner. A couple came into the bar, and a rock immediately hit Howard in the stomach. It couldn't be, could it? The reaction in his groin strongly suggested that last thought to be wrong. The last time that he'd seen her was in a picture in her email. She'd been standing topless for the camera to give him an intimate view of her. Now she was dressed in a knockout black dress. And it was her. The dress was low cut front and back, and had a deep split in its side. She looked stunning.

He suddenly realised that he was staring at her, so he quickly turned back to the bar. A little too quickly apparently, he saw her reflection in the mirrored bar, both her and her male companion were looking at him. Howard's mind was racing, what should he do? He was sure that it was Linda, from her picture, but she would have no way of recognising him. And would she welcome him anyway? Quickly he wrote two words on a cocktail napkin, and called over the barman.

"Yes sir."

"I'd like you to deliver the lady's drink with this napkin. Make sure that she sees this note." Howard handed over the note and a ten-pound note.

"That's very kind sir, am I to indicate who it was from?"

"No no, not yet."

"As you wish sir" The barman went to the couple and took their order. Howard watched impatiently as he returned to the bar, and dispensed vodka and coke, and a glass of beer. He nodded as he passed Howard to deliver his message. Howard nodded back, and took a sip of his whisky to settle his nerves. He watched through the mirror, as the barman carefully laid out the couples drinks, the man's first, followed by Linda's. He then handed them their napkins. She thanked him, and put the napkin down on the table. The man paid the barman and tipped him, the barman then, a little theatrically, took Linda's napkin and unfolded it for her. She didn't see the message at first, but after a few seconds her eyes locked onto his words... Her words.

Stay safe.....

She realised instantly who she had used those words with in the last day or two. She looked towards the bar and noticed the man sat there looking at her via her reflection in the mirror. She didn't react instantly, she didn't want to make Tony aware of the message she had just been passed. She wanted to think about her next move before making it.

Linda was enjoying her drink and was chatting with Tony when somebody came up to him and started talking to him. Linda realised that this was an opportunity and excused herself and stood and walked towards Howard, he turned slightly on his stool as she walked past, she looked him in the eyes and winked at him as she went past towards the ladies. He heard her say 'Explorer69', he now at least knew that she had connected the words on the napkin to him.

He decided to remain seated and continued to his enjoy his drink and wondered what would happen next. He noticed that Linda's companion was still talking to the other man. 

Linda reappeared from the ladies, she paused beside him to order another drink. Howard notice that her hand was balled up into a fist which she brushed against his hand. He opened his hand and she passed him something and then walked off with her drinks back to her table. 

Howard turned back to observe Linda in the mirror and discover what she had passed him. It felt soft. He then realised she had passed him her silk thongs. Although he could feel something else. He put the knickers in his pocket and then discovered a piece of paper which had her name and room number on it and the message 'Join me at mid-night.'

He ordered another drink to steady his mind. What should he do....he viewed the note almost as an order rather than a request...... He thought about what they had spoken about in their emails, a meeting of any type was breaking all her own rules, but she was calling the shots so he decided to go along with her request.

The time dragged by, he tried to occupy his mind, but it was difficult when you were observing such a beautiful and sexy women only feet away from you. He noticed when the music started she was one of the first people on the small dance floor, her partner reluctantly joined her and went through the motions, whilst she seemed to have boundless energy and gyrated her body to the heavy beat to the music. Howard noticed that Linda was joined on the floor by a beautiful blond woman who appeared to know Linda, they laughed and giggled a lot. Linda's partner excused himself and left the two girls to dance together. Howard watched as they talked to each other, Linda said something in the woman’s ear and then they moved around and the blond looked across to Howard. 

Howard was careful to moderate his alcohol in take and started drinking mineral water, at about 11.15 he noticed that Linda and her partner were starting to say their good byes to the people around them and they walked out of the room. She gave him a nod as they walked past. 

Howard decided it was time for a quick shower to freshen up. He got back to his room and dived in, he couldn't resist playing with himself in the shower, but knew he had to control his desires for a little bit longer.

He dressed and then went to seek out room 323. He approached the door quietly his nerves were doing somersaults in his stomach. He lightly knocked on the door, he was not sure if it had been heard. He heard movement behind the door. After a brief pause the door opened. He saw the face of Linda. 

Howard went to say something, but she put her finger to her lips to stop him. She took his arm and pulled him in to the room, closing and locking the door behind him. She pushed him against the wall and kissed him. His hands went to her body. She was dressed in a silk gown. He stopped not knowing if anybody else was in the room. She looked in to his eyes and took his hand and led him in to the bedroom.

Her tongue invade his mouth, its stiffness mirroring his own hardness as it darted and probed, teasing, promising.....Linda's tongue...Linda's body...

Adrenaline began coursing through him, blotting out other feelings of morality and humanity as she was pressed against him, pushing against him as though she were the man and he the woman. Her ferocity excited him, challenged him. The delicious foreplay of their writings had goaded him, taunted him even. Now he wanted her to pay - she needed to pay.

He pulled at her gown, desperate to unwrap her and take her, to complete the picture he'd built of her. Her leg raised around him, long and sinuous.

The bed was only a few feet away. Too far. He pushed her to the floor, bending his head between the offered, opening limbs. He forced her legs further apart, the smooth nylon of her white stockings cool against his hands, then lowered his mouth to her sex.

His breath danced across her heated pussy, so close it was impossible to tell if he was touching there or not, making her moan. He held her immobile as she twisted beneath him, attempting to force him to do as she wished, her elegant nails dug hard into the smooth flesh of his shoulders. He breathed again; another moan, a demand now. He relented slightly and pushed his tongue against her. She arched upwards, demanding more. He ran his tongue upwards, stopping beneath the target she so needed.

"Please..."

No.

He began again, now more slowly, locking his hands against her writhing body. Then again and again, never breaking contact, over and over, her flesh now liquid, slithering beneath his tongue. Time after time, forever, until she began to cum from the sheer pleasure of denial. She would cum. Nothing could stop her.

Suddenly he stopped. Panic and rage flooded her as the tongue left her for one cruel, agonising instant.

Oh please God, please.....

Then he instantly, harshly touched her clitoris with his tongue and she exploded with pleasure. He ran his tongue round and round, the tip pressing onto her rhythmically and softly as her orgasm took her. Then more; more licking, more invasion, until the waves of orgasm crashed inside her time after time, pinned beneath his firm hands, his flickering tongue...

Linda exploded in a rush of pleasure, she pushed her clitoris hard against his tongue. Her juices were coating his face in abundance. He continued his torture; her orgasms were coming in shorter and shorter intervals until they merged in to one. Linda gripped his shoulders so hard her nails punctured his skin, he cried out and became more and more determined. 

Using her own lubrication on his fingers he slid first one finger in to her arse and then another. He fucked her with his fingers in a cork screw action, his thumb pressing down on her clitoris, he watched as she threw her head from side to side. She was playing with her breasts massaging them twisting her nipples until they stood out to attention. 

He leaned his head forward and took her nipple in to his mouth sucking at first and then he gripped it between his teeth and rolled it from side to side. She cried out in pain or was it pleasure and pain. He soothed it by sucking gently, she held his head as if he was her baby feeding from her breasts. As he sucked he could taste her milk, such was the power of her emotions.

He sucked on the other breast with similar results looking in to her eyes as she came down from her orgasm. She looked drunk, her eyes in a gaze, she was in a haze, a habit that wanted feeding. And his cock knew what she wanted. His weapon was straining and leaking pre-cum like a pedigree dog on heat that's found a bitch to mate with.

He shifted forwards picking her up in his arms and carried her to the bed, dropping her down on it, he quickly threw off his clothes, leaving them in a heap on the floor. Once again he climbed between her long legs. Lifting them up wards and over his shoulders. Pushing forwards he pushed her legs back, exposing her pussy to his cock.

He teased the large glistening head around the entrance to her pussy. Oh this was worth waiting for, he pushed forward her tight outer lips enveloping his cock as it slid in like a well oiled piston. but this one brought extreme pleasure not power..

She gasped as he pushed in, inch by inch. Her eyes were closed and screwed up as she cried out as he hit her limit, he pushed harder and finally he was fully in. He could feel her muscles tightly gripping his cock around the head. Pausing briefly to savour the feeling. 

Howard was now in full control of Linda, he used his experience and control to prolong her pleasure as he slowly eased his cock in and out in long slow deliberate strokes. She could feel the veins on his cock rippling inside her as he moved in and out, but never coming out completely. He moved his cock in a delightful circular motion, stirring her insides and pressing on her clitoris as he full penetrated her.

The pressure on his sensitive cock head was intense he was grasping and grunting trying to overcome the desire to let go. But he was very determined to last as long as possible. Linda was starting to push up wards to meet his strokes their combined efforts were taking them both to new extremes of pleasure.

He could sense he was close and started to power in to her using all his strength. With no mercy he brought her to another orgasm before, finally, he flooded her pussy with his spunk. 

Linda could feel his cock spasming, pulsing and pumping hot globules of sperm deep inside her womb. He eventually let her drop her legs down until they encircled his waist. She locked her ankles behind his back; the smooth feeling of her stockings against his skin was delicious. 

He gave her soft, soothing, kisses as they both came down from their sexual high. But the look in Linda's eyes told him she wasn't finished with him quite yet.

For several minutes they both lay there, the exhaustion from their lovemaking overcoming them, as their bodies and minds began to relax into the situation.

Howard lay, almost motionless, on his back as Linda, still wearing just her white self supporting stockings, lay on her side beside him; her head nestled comfortably in the crook of his shoulder; his arm around her. His fingers began to slowly run up and down her back very lightly. Linda closed her eyes and concentrated on the delightful feel of Howard’s soft caresses. With her eyes closed she now noticed the soft scent of his deodorant on his body, mixed with the manly scent of his sweat, and the feelings began to return to her womanhood nestled between her long legs.

Linda slid her hand over onto his chest and slowly began to rub her open palm across his slightly hairy skin. The feel of her hand caused him to take a sharp breath as her hand began to slide downward towards his groin. Slowly she inched it downward, her eyes now open and gazing at his semi hard cock, and delighted in the sight of it beginning to grow again the closer her fingers came to it. She liked a man who could get hard almost immediately after cumming inside her.

Slowly her fingers crept down. Slowly Howard’s cock began to grow. Her fingers touched the hairs surrounding it and the moment they did so his cock shuddered, as did his whole body. Finally her hands were there; at the base of his now erect prick.

Gently she touched the shaft awaiting her probing fingers. Slowly she slid her hand upwards to the head, then slowly back down again. With a short, quick movement she let his cock go and slid her hand over her wet pussy, coating it in her love juices, then returned it immediately to clutch the shaft of his cock again. His body arched upwards as her fist gripped his thickness. The silky wetness from her pussy causing her hand to slide easily up and down. Howard closed his eyes and concentrated on the wonderful feeling of her hand as she slowly began to wank his stiff cock.

Her head moved and she kissed his lips briefly before moving her lips to his chest. Another quick kiss and then southwards again. She moaned to herself as her lips touched his pubic hairs and she felt the base of his cock against her mouth. Her hand suddenly released his now pulsating cock and was replaced by the wetness of her soft lips. Gripped tightly together they slowly parted as her mouth slid expertly over Howard’s thick shaft. In one thrust she took him all into her mouth. A slight pause and then she let her teeth scrape the shaft as she pulled her head away but not letting the head of his thick cock leave her wet lips. Another thrust of her head and he was deep inside her again. The naked skin of his thick cock sending tingles through her own body. She wanted this cock inside her again. But later. This was HIS time. She would hold her own desires back for later; right now she was content to blow Howard’s mind as well as his cock.

Without letting his shaft leave her mouth she adjusted her position so that she was knelt between his open legs. Her hand slid under him and her finger slid easily into his arse. Deep, deep but gentle. At the feel of her finger sliding into him his hips jerked forward and his cock rammed her throat hard. Her mouth gripped tighter as she felt the tip of his cock penetrate the confines of her throat. Her head went back slightly and she took it all. She took the whole length of his thick, probing, prick deep inside her throat. Her head pulled out as her finger left his arse. Then just as suddenly her finger rammed back in and her head jerked downward to meet his thrusting cock.

Faster and faster she picked up the pace as she finger fucked his arse and mouth fucked his throbbing cock. Up and down, her teeth scraping his flesh, she began to suck on the thick shaft inside her. Her finger continued to ram in and out of his rectum as she listened to his loud moans of pure pleasure. She could feel her wet juices as they seeped from her screaming pussy. He was close. He was very close.

And so was she. She didn’t need penetration to orgasm. She didn’t need a cock to bring her to the heights of pleasure. But she was on the verge of her own orgasm without even a touch to her womanhood.

Her mouth tightened even harder around Howard’s jerking cock and she pulled her finger from his arse just as she suddenly changed position by swinging around and dropping her naked cunt onto his upturned face. His hands grasped her hips and pulled her down onto him as his tongue lashed out at the wet hole awaiting him. She almost screamed onto his thrusting cock as her orgasm struck. His tongue delved deep into her as she spurted onto it with her hips thrusting against his stiff tongue.

Howard erupted. With a loud inaudible moan into her wet slit his cock jerked hard into her mouth and she delighted at the feel of his hot, thick cum spurting into her in globules that slid easily down her throat and into her waiting stomach. And she wanted more. As her own orgasm was still rippling through her body she began to suck at his still spurting cock. Wave after wave of hot cum slammed into the back of her throat as she sucked greedily on his thrusting cock. She delighted in the feel of the thick sperm as it shot into her over and over again. Her pussy was still seeping juices over Howard’s probing mouth as he finally emptied the last of his spunk deep into her throat. Again she swallowed and felt it slide easily down into her before she rolled her perspiring body from his and lay, head to toe, beside him.

For more than 5 minutes they lay there without speaking. Suddenly Linda glanced at her watch. She began to wonder what had happened to her plan. But she worried needlessly. She smiled to herself as she heard the door to the hotel room open….

Howard looked up and noticed a blond woman, the blond he had seen earlier talking with Linda, but who was she? She had changed and she was now wearing a French maid’s uniform, short and oh so sexy with her stocking tops clearly visible. The crisp white blouse open to allow her breasts to be seen, the deep valley of her cleavage looking very inviting.
