 I would like to thank those individuals who emailed me, both good and bad, concerning this story.

Please let me know through comments and voting if you'd like this story to continue. The voting and comments will determine if another chapter will be written.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Mary woke up and stretched feeling safe and satisfied; had to be early morning because it was still dark. She was still lying in Alisha and Steve's bed. She could feel Alisha's butt pressed next to hers and assumed that she was cuddled next to Steve like she was cuddled next to Roger. She snuggled in closer to Roger and listened to both him and Steve snoring away. 

Mary smiled as she remembered the emotional rollercoaster that had transpired that day. 

*****

After dinner, with the insistence of Alisha and Steve, she helped Roger back to the bedroom. Alisha and Steve insisted they had some planning to do as well as after dinner clean-up; suggested that Roger and her have some privacy to talk and 'whatever'; the last said with a laugh from both.

I settled Roger back on the bed and climbed in next to him; it didn't seem strange or embarrassing to be naked in front of any of them now. I smiled as I snuggled up next to him on my side and laid my head on his chest. He slowly stroked my hair and ran his fingers down across my shoulders and back.

"Mary," started Roger and I sat up to look into his eyes, "I guess we should talk."

I smiled and scooted up a bit in the bed, bent down and softly kissed his lips; it sent a thrill through me. I finished and said, "Yes. Yes, I believe we do," and laid my hand lightly on his chest.

He cleared his throat a bit, "Like I said earlier, I've been attracted to you for some time now."

"Yes, I recall you mentioned that," and smiled at his unease. 

"How are you attracted to me Roger? Sexually? Friendship?" my hand started to trace along his chest and my fingertips lightly grazed his nipples. I could see out of the corner of my eye that his cock was trying to find the strength to come back to life; I smiled.

His breathing picked up just a bit, "Ah, definitely attracted to you sexually and I hope that I'm already your friend, but ..." he reached for my hand and held it to his chest, "You're going to have to stop that if I'm going to be able to concentrate on having a conversation."

"Oh, Okay Roger," I said as I slipped my hand from his and laid it on top of my thigh and broke eye contact. I decided that maybe he wouldn't be so flustered if my eyes looked elsewhere.

Roger ran his hand through his hair; that's not how he wanted this conversation to proceed, "I-I didn't mean you couldn't touch me. I just meant you're turning me on so much I can't think straight."

I smiled and looked into his eyes again; I laid my hand back on top of his, "I wasn't withdrawing from you Roger. I just thought if I broke physical contact that it would be easier for you."

Roger smiled and pulled Mary down and kissed her; slipping his tongue in probing and tasting her sweet mouth. He couldn't get enough of her; she turned him on so completely.

"Let's talk afterwards," he said after he broke off the kiss and started to kiss and bite his way down her neck. His hand cupped her breast and tweaked her nipple; she responded with a moan and leaned into his hand.

Mary rolled over on her back to give Roger easier access to her breasts. He leaned over her sucking her nipple into his mouth and feeling the hard nub react to his teasing tongue and teeth. Mary moaned and arched her back while she grabbed his head pushing it down; wanting more.

"You turn me on too," she strained to say and it ignited more fire in Roger. 

He reached his hand down and felt the smoothness of her shaved pussy; cupping it in his hand. She opened her legs to allow him greater access. Her pussy lips were swollen and she moaned as his fingers caressed up-and-down causing her to raise her ass slightly in response. Roger slipped a finger in her lips sliding it down across her clit and then down into her slit. She humped into his finger; she was so hot and definitely so wet!

"Roger," Mary strained to say his name.

"Yes Mary," he replied as he slipped an additional finger into her hot cunt watching her hump at his hand.

"Would it (moan) be easier for you (gasp...moan) if I was on top?" she could barely strain to get the words out.

Roger smiled, "It would, but not this time. I want you this time." and he proceed to ease between her legs. He couldn't believe just how hard his cock was; the insistent throbbing; his wanting to fuck her!

He lifted her legs to his shoulders and rubbed the head of his cock up and down her dripping wet slit. He looked up at Mary thrashing her head back and forth. "How do you want it?"

"Hard Roger," Mary managed to say. "Hard. Fuck me hard my Love."

That was all Roger needed to hear to spur him on. He pushed into Mary with all he had; felt himself bottom out at her cervix. He ground his hips in a circle against her pussy so she could feel his cock all along her vaginal walls and stimulate her clit. 

Mary moaned and kept thrashing; her breathing was hard and steady. Roger proceeded to fuck her as hard as he could; her moans became almost a continuous sound. He rubbed and pinched her clit and her moans became louder and louder. 

Roger was hoping to last; wanted her to climax first, but started to feel his own orgasm bubbling up. His balls tightened and started releasing; cumming into her hot wet cunt and then she screamed and had her own orgasm. Her vaginal muscles tightened around his cock trying to milk all his seed into her.

Roger collapsed on top of her breathing as hard as Mary below him. He started to pull away to take his weight off of her, "Please don't Roger, just roll," Mary whispered trying to get her breath.

Roger rolled taking Mary with him with his cock still in her cunt. She bent forward and laid her head on his chest while they both calmed down. He was rubbing his hands up and down her arms and across her back. He just couldn't believe she was there with him; having sex after so many months of fantasizing about her.

Their breathing had returned to normal and Mary sat up smiling. "Roger; that was simply wonderful!"

Roger smiled at her, she was just so beautiful, "and you weren't bad yourself you know."

She smiled warmly at him, "Now, if you're relaxed we can continue our conversation. Would you prefer I get off of you first?"

"No. I like you up there," said Roger as his hands started to rub up and down the inside of her thighs.

He cleared his throat again, "Well, as I was saying; I'm extremely attracted to you sexually and as a friend, but..." he looked down at his hand for a moment then back at Mary, "well, I'm not in "love" with you yet. I didn't want you to think that I was ... I mean since you just now called me your "Love" and all."

Roger looked into her eyes and waited for her response.

Mary gave a light laugh, "Roger, I've been physically attracted to you too. I don't know; just call it chemistry. I was married and faithful to Dan, but had my fantasies about you; a lot!" She felt his cock twitch in her and smiled.

"...but I'm not in "love" with you yet either. I don't know you that well, but I would like to get to know you better if you would like to pursue a relationship. Oh and when I called you 'my Love'; sorry, I tend to pick that up from Alisha. It's just a term of endearment; I'll just call you Roger unless I'm in the heat of the moment again," she said laughingly.

Roger smiled at her response, "Yes. I'd like to pursue a relationship with you too." He let his fingers travel back up her thighs and across her mound. He felt her vaginal muscles contract and squeeze his cock at his touch.

"...and you?" she asked.

"Ah, what?" he tore his gaze away from her pussy.

She was smiling with a hint of mischief in her eyes, "You said you were sexually attracted to me; any fantasies?" she felt his cock twitch again and start to get hard again. 

Roger smiled, "Lots; daily." He reached up to tweak her nipple thinking to distract her from the topic. She arched her back and tightened her muscles around his cock again.

"Any you would care to share?" she smiled and then started to laugh. She could feel his cock getting harder and starting to grow in her. She began to grind her pussy slowly and started to milk his cock again. 

"They must have been pretty hot if your cock is any indicator." She rose her hips up and down a couple of times still gripping his cock with her cunt muscles.

Roger's breathing pick up a bit, "Nothing came close to the real thing," he answered closing his eyes feeling the sensations from her riding his cock.

"You must have had a favorite," said Mary and then Roger pushed up into her and moaned.

Mary waited a minute; no response. "Roger; is there a favorite position or sexual act that you would like me to try?" His cock was now fully hard in her and she loved the sensation.

Roger had his eyes closed, but her last question brought him back. He looked into her sensual face and read the lust in her eyes. "Yes, but I don't know if you like to do it or not?"

Mary smiled, "I won't know unless you tell me Roger. If this was the last sexual act you performed in your life, what do you want to do with my body?"

Roger closed his eyes again feeling Mary ride up and down his cock. A couple of minutes passed and he opened his eyes again, "Anal. I want to go in your backdoor Mary." 

She smiled and stopped riding his cock; bent forward and gave him a deep passionate kiss. "Roger. I love it up the ass, but Dan wouldn't do it. You're making me so hot for it right now, but how do you want to go about it?"

"Get on your hands and knees and I'll get on my knees," said Roger. 

Mary rose off his cock and got on her hands and knees while Roger positioned himself behind her. She started breathing hard in anticipation of his entry. She felt the head of his cock against her puckered bud, "Slow or fast Mary?" asked Roger.

"God, I want it so much Roger ... Fast, definitely fast, I'm so close," said Mary.

Roger grabbed her hips and shoved his cock into her ass. She was so tight and hot and her muscles contracted around his cock. She humped back to meet his thrust and then ground her ass against him and moaned. She was close. 

Roger started to pump in and out of her and she met him thrust for thrust. He reached down and stroked her clit hard and she screamed out as her orgasm hit; her anal muscles clinched around his cock and he started pumping faster and faster; harder and harder until he felt his balls tightening then pumping his cum into her ass. Roger leaned over her back trying to regain air into his lungs

"Oh woman!" he exclaimed, "You're something else!"

Mary was breathing a bit better now and opened her eyes, "Man! So are you!" and then she giggled.

"Roger, think you can make it into the bathroom so I can help you clean up?" said Mary.

"Sure, give me a minute or two," said Roger still leaning up against Mary.

"No problem. I love the feel of your cock no matter which hole you're in," said Mary and then she felt a twitch from his cock again. Mary laughed lightly, "Roger? Getting excited again are we?"

Roger laughed too, "It's hard not to be being around you, but let's get cleaned up anyway," and then he extracted himself and rolled.

Mary got his crutches and they made their way to the bathroom. They heard Steve and Alisha in the dining room having sex as well. She gave Roger a through cleaning and herself as well and made it back to the bed. She placed Roger on the outside and placed his crutches on the floor in case he needed to use the bathroom during the night.

She was placing the pillow under his leg again, "Roger any pain?"

"Just a little throbbing now," he said.

"Where's your medicine?" she frowned.

"My pants pocket, but it isn't bad yet."

"It will be Roger," she said as she crossed the room to retrieve the medication. I'll get you some water; be right back.

Mary walked down the hall and into the dining room. Steve had Alisha bent over the table; taking her backdoor.

Mary smiled, "Don't mind me; keep going. I just came to get Roger some water for his medication and to let you know that we're going to sleep now. Okay?"

Alisha was still moaning, but Steve was smiling. "Sure Mary, you two go ahead. We're not finish discussing plans," and laughed.

Mary laughed too. She got the water and returned to the bedroom. She read the bottle and gave Roger the dose.

"Really Mary, it's not that bad yet," said Roger.

"Listen Roger, take this now and it'll help you get through the night without waking in pain and then having to wait for the medicine to kick in then. Remember, I've been there," and she handed the water and medicine to him.

Roger saw that he was going to loose on this so he went ahead and took it. Mary looked over at the clock, "It says every six to eight hours. I'm leaving it across the room. I expect you to wake me if you need it later," she stood with her hand on her hip.


Roger looked like a little kid grumbling about having to stay in bed and it made her smile. She sat on the bed and placed her hand gently on the side of his face. "Love, uh, I mean Roger," then laughed which made him laugh too, "I care about you too. Is it really hard for you to let me help you?"

Roger looked up into her smiling face, "No ... uh, no I guess not. I'm just not use to it is all."

Mary leaned forward and gave him a deep passionate kiss and then sat up looking into his eyes. "Well, I guess I have one more question for you?"

"What's that Mary?" he asked smiling back at her.

Mary started laughing finding it hard to suppress, "Who do you want to sleep next to: Steve, Alisha, or me?"

Roger grabbed her and tightly clutched her to her chest and kissed her passionately, "Now who do you think?"

Mary slipped her leg over straddling him. She smiled, "Okay I'll tell Steve you want him," and started to laugh again. Roger started to tickle her and wouldn't let go. "Uncle, uncle," she finally cried and kissed him again. She crawled over him and snuggled up against him laying her head in the crook of his shoulder.

*****

When Mary woke a second time, the sun was streaming in the windows. She listened to Roger and Steve still snoring and smiled. She rolled over and Alisha was on her back and Steve was cuddled next to her with his hand covering her right breast. She smiled as she remembered the sweet taste of Alisha.

She slowly eased herself down toward the end of the bed trying hard not to wake anyone. She caressed the inside of Alisha's thighs and was delighted when she spread them open to her. She lightly brushed her fingers up and down her pussy lips and Alisha bent her knees and spread herself open further.

Mary eased her face down between Alisha's legs and slowly started to lick her cunt lips and suck on them. Alisha moaned and Mary looked up; she had not awoken yet. Mary could smell Alisha's musky scent mingled with that of cum; Steve's. Mary rubbed Alisha's ass until she raised it and quickly cupped her hands under it.

She brought it up and then stuck her tongue into Alisha's slit sucking on Steve's cum and feeling Alisha start humping her. Alisha moaned loud and woke, but her moan woke Roger and Steve also.

Alisha looked around quickly and realized that it was Mary between her legs. She liked what Mary was doing and relaxed feeling her tongue fuck her and sucking out her cunt. 

Alisha moaned again as Mary sucked hard on her clit; biting it gently and then sucking hard again. Mary inserted her fingers and started rubbing Alisha's G-spot; she starting moaning faster and getting wetter. Mary withdrew her fingers and clamped her mouth over her clit and sucked with vigor as Alisha increased her humping. Mary pushed her thumb into Alisha's ass and then rubbed the thin membrane separating the two.

Alisha started humping and screaming in earnest as her orgasm washed through her body. Mary's face was drenched with her cum as she tried to suck and lap as fast as she could. Alisha was coming down to just spasms as Mary continued to suck. Finally, Mary eased Alisha's ass back down on the bed. Mary crawled up her body; stopped to kiss her exposed nipple and Steve's hand and then kissed Alisha's deep and long.

When Mary backed away she smiled, "Good Morning Love! Thanks for breakfast." Alisha couldn't do anything except lie there trying to get her breath back and smile.

Mary crawled over and sat on her knees where she had been sleeping. She smiled at Roger and then at Steve; each sporting a hard on. "Do you guys know that you snore a lot," and then she started laughing; Alisha joined her.

"Hey!" started Steve, "We were quietly sleeping when someone woke us up!"

Mary laughed in response. Steve crawled over Alisha, who was still laughing, and she rolled to the outside. 

"Hey Steve, she's ticklish," said Roger.

"Oh really," he replied and grabbed Mary under the ribs and she started laughing hard. He rolled her on her back still tickling, but now with reach of Roger also who joined in.

"Uncle, uncle," cried Mary heaving hard. 

The two men stopped their tickling, but then Steve said, "Mmmm, Roger ... look a Mary cycle." They both reached her face at the same time and started to lick Alisha's cum off her face. Mary started giggling again.

Alisha crawled up and straddled Roger, "Mmmm, Look a Roger cycle," and she lowered her mouth and started to suck Roger's cock. Roger laid back and closed his eyes enjoying the sensations cursing through his body and cock.

Steve gave Mary a deep long kiss and Mary reached up and stroked his cock. "My turn for breakfast," said Steve and Mary nodded. 

She scooted down in the bed a bit, "Do you want top or bottom?" 

Steve smiled, "Bottom; it give me more access."

Mary smiled too as Steve stretched out and she straddled her cunt over his face. She felt his tongue start to lick at her pussy lips. She placed her mouth over the top of his cock to taste and swirl her tongue. She could taste Alisha's cum and smiled. She relaxed her throat and then sucked Steve's cock all the way back and down. 

He had just placed his mouth over her clit preparing to suck when he felt Mary take him all the way to the base. "Oh my God!" he exclaimed and then let out with a loud moan. She had his balls cupped in her hands slowly massaging them. He thought he was a dead man when she applied hard suction up to the head and then fell straight back down to the base. He had never had such a blow job in his life. When she started to ride him with her mouth, he came so remarkably fast that it stunned him.

Mary smiled when Steve shouted and kept up your suction and pace. Steve soon shot his cum which she was happy to swallow. He was breathing hard trying to regain consciousness and she lifted off and sat next to him. "Steve, are you okay?"

His eyes flickered open and focused on her face full of concern. "Damn Woman! Is it still there?" and he laughed. 

Roger laughed remembering the same thought yesterday. He was close himself and soon gave his load to Alisha.

Mary placed her hand on Steve's chest, "I'm sorry I made you cum too soon. I'll pace you better next time."

Steve was still breathing hard and now so was Roger. "Give me some time Mary and I'll finish the job," Steve smiled. "I'm sorry."

"She doesn't have to wait," said Alisha. "Come here Love. You're the only one was hasn't cum this morning, but we can fix that."

Mary lied down between the two men and Alisha crawled between her legs. "It's only fair that I returned the favor Love," and she proceeded to do to Mary what had been done to her. Soon Mary was moaning and creaming all over Alisha's face. She lay there with her eyes closed and concentrating on breathing when she felt Alisha crawling up her body.
