 Mary Delaney had quite the experience at her friend Sally Randall's house. Sally had told her about a trip she and her husband Ed had made to a "naturist resort" and it "blew her mind" as the saying goes. Ed & Sally had quite the experience with an out of state couple they met there, who'd brought along their son, who'd just turned 18. Sally had proudly given herself to him and found that though inexperienced, was an eager enough student whose newly found sex drive she enjoyed thoroughly. 

What really made an impression on Mary though was when she inadvertently watched Ed and Sally fucking, and she thoroughly enjoyed that.

But how to tell her friend what she'd seen? 

Sally decided it was best to be totally honest with her friend. She even thought of rehearsing what she'd say to her. She finally got the nerve up to call her friend.

"Sally...um, I need to tell you something."

"OK, what?"

"Um, when I was at your house the other day...I fell asleep on that raft in your pool..."

"Uh-huh, I do that all the time."

"Right, um...s-s-so I fell asleep and...well, when I woke up...I went in the house and..."

Her voice drifted off.

"Oh, I know what you're trying to say."

"You do?"

"Sure, let me ask you this..."

"Yes?"

"Did you like what you saw?"

Mary was speechless.

"You saw us, right?"

"Y-yes."

"What did you think?"

Mary couldn't respond. 

"You liked it, you just don't want to say so, right?"

Mary somehow croaked out a "yes".

"Good, I'm not ashamed of what Ed and I do" she said "In fact, I wanted to ask you about that."

"You did?"

"Sure, I want you to come over and spend the night with us."

Mary didn't know what to say, Sally seemed to be implying something but she didn't know what.

"What are you saying?"

"I, I mean, we, want you to spend the night with us. It's high time you had some fun, why not have it with people you know?"

Mary still didn't know what to say.

"And I won't take no for an answer." Sally added.

Sally always knew just what buttons to push with her.

"O-okay...I'll be there." she said hesitantly

"Don't be so nervous, you'll be fine. We'll see you at 7."

"Okay."

"Oh, and Mary?"

"Yes?"

"Don't wear underwear."

Mary spent the remainder of the afternoon thinking about what might happen. Sure she knew Sally was right, she did deserve to have some fun, and she was turned on by what she'd seen. But would this be trampling on the memory of her husband? She finally decided to simply keep an open mind, her friend was smart enough to know what to say and what not to say. She could always change her mind.

But the stories Sally told, the experiences she'd had with, and without, her husband were amazing. What was in store for her?

Seven o'clock came and she appeared at the door of her friend.

Sally quickly appeared wearing what seemed like a flowing, silky bed sheet.

"What is that?" Mary asked admiringly.

"Oh, this?" Sally replied "It's called a caftan, Bill brought it back from one of his trips. I love it, it's like a robe but without the belt. And it's all silk, too. Feel it."

Mary felt the soft, thin material, then realized how thin it was. 

"Um, are you...?" she timidly asked

Sally nodded.

Sally was naked underneath the caftan, when Mary felt the material, her hand brushed over Sally's nipples. 

"Did you leave something at home?" she asked

Mary nodded.

Just as Sally requested, she'd left her underwear at home.

Sally smiled.

"Good, trust me, it'll be fun." she said before adding in that resigned tone all married couples adopt at some point "Ed's doing his grill master routine outside, let's go."

Ed was outside by the pool grilling steaks for them and he showed what a master he was at grilling. The drinks and conversation flowed freely. 

After dinner, they went back inside and downstairs to the furnished basement where in the past they'd all celebrated New Years, birthdays, anniversaries, even held a stag party for one of Ed's co-workers. It had a full bar, comfortable chairs, and a sleeper sofa. Ed opened a bottle of wine from the small stock he kept on hand. Sally and Mary were on the big couch, Ed in a chair close by.

"Did I tell you we're going back to that resort next month?" Sally said.

"Which one?" 

"The special one...that I told you about."

Mary suddenly knew.

"Oh, that one! I heard you had quite the time there." she carefully replied.

"It was different, I'll say that." Ed said as he took a sip of wine.

"He's just being modest." Sally said "He was a total horn dog!"

Ed blushed a little.

"You know you were, don't deny it!" Sally laughed

"I just don't know what that would be like...all those naked people walking around like it was nothing."

"Wearing nothing, too." Ed quickly added, making everyone laugh.

"You'd fit right in, girl." Sally said "You've got the body."

"She does." Ed said.

There was a silence when he said that. Sally looked at her husband, then at Mary.

"He's right." she said calmly.

Sally now moved closer to Mary.

"I told Ed what you wouldn't be wearing." she said as she looked at him, then at Mary.

"And he knows what I'm not wearing, too." she said "Watch me."

Sally got up from the sofa and sat on Ed's lap, they began to kiss. Slowly first, then with growing passion. Ed's hand went to Sally's full breasts, she reached inside the caftan and pulled one out, which he eagerly began to suck.

Without panties, Mary knew she could easily touch her pussy but she was too nervous to even think about that. Even though the sight of her friends was driving her crazy.

Sally looked over at her now, her eyes were half-closed.

"Oh my god...this is so good..." she moaned "Like what you're seeing?"

Mary again nodded.

"Why not show us?"

"Show what?"

"How much you like it?"

"How can I?"

"You know how...just do what comes...naturally." she said in a breathless, near whisper of a voice.

With that, Sally loudly moaned and pushed Ed's face into her tits.

Mary nervously pulled up her summer dress and exposed her bright red-haired pussy. 

Maybe not wearing panties was a good idea after all since she was already super wet. She unbuttoned the top of her dress and began to caress her tits as she watched Sally slowly pull the caftan up and off her, showing she'd been naked underneath the entire evening. Sally's huge tits were fully exposed now.

"Ed loves my body...don't you, hon?" she said

Ed nodded, his tongue was still licking her tits.

"You'd love to see her body, wouldn't you dear?" while looking at Mary.

Ed nodded again.

Sally looked over at Mary.

"Well?" she said

Mary was caught in a dilemma, she knew she was turned on watching her friends, that was apparent since she'd spied on them the other day. Even more so was the fact her pussy was exposed to them now, and her equally big tits were practically exposed too.

It had been so long since she felt this way.

Sensing her hesitation, Sally stood and walked over to her.

"Stand up." she said in a calming voice "I know it's been a long time for you, don't worry, you're OK. You're with us."

Sally softly kissed her cheek.

"It's OK." she repeated softly.

Sally opened Mary's dress further until it dropped to the floor, Mary was just as naked as her friend. Whatever nervousness she had slowly disappeared. She turned to Ed, whose eyes widened as he saw her and his wife completely naked in front of him.

"I think I know what needs to be done now." Sally said to Mary "I'll do this...unless you'd like to do the honors?"

"No, you do it...I'll watch."

Sally went over to Ed, who stood up. They kissed as Sally began to unbutton his pants. Mary stood and watched his pants fall to the floor and his enormous dick was revealed. The more she looked at this twitching monstrosity, the more she was "turned on" as the hip kids said.

"What do you think?" Sally said with a naughty smile as she held it in her hands and began to slowly caress it, she could barely get her hand all the way around it.

"Nice, huh?

Mary nodded.

"It's something!" she finally said with a giggle.

"You should've seen the faces of the people at the resort." Sally said before adding "I do declare!" in a comical southern accent that made everyone laugh.

Ed's dick was getting harder and harder the more she held it.

"He was a fucking stud, weren't you, dear?"

Ed nodded.

"You were a little sex machine, too." he said to her

"This got a workout." Sally said as she pointed to her pussy "All that young cock...not to mention young tongue too."

"Show her what you mean." Ed said

"Ooohhh...gladly, dear."

Sally knelt down and turned to Mary.

"Watch this..." she said with that naughty smile of hers.

Sally began to lick all around his dick before its huge head went into her mouth, then its full length disappeared.

Mary was shocked, and aroused. Though she'd never told Sally, she knew she could suck cock too, or give blow jobs as it was called (she'd heard the phrase somewhere but couldn't recall exactly). Bill, her late husband, enjoyed her technique but was more into her tits and pussy.

"What do you think?" Sally said when she came up for air "Wanna give it a try?"

Mary thought for a minute.

"I've got a better idea." she said before cupping her big tits "Maybe he'd like a handful of these?"

Sally and Ed both laughed

"Oh, yeah he would!" Sally laughed as she went back to sucking his dick.

Mary got close to Ed and kissed him as his hands went for her tits.

"Wow, they're incredible." he said

"Just as good as mine?" Sally said

"Every bit as good." he replied

Ed softly caressed Mary's tits, and she felt wave after wave of pleasure as his hand made her nipples diamond hard. Then she felt his hand on her pussy, it was dripping wet now and his finger easily slid inside her. Another feeling came over her, her ass was being softly felt now. She glanced down and saw that it was Sally's hand on it. She didn't care, it only felt good.

She began to moan softly as these hands felt her most private areas. 

Sally stood up and kissed Ed deeply, then trio held one another close and Ed softly kissed Mary, then Sally kissed Mary on the cheek.

Then she kissed her lips, instinctively her mouth opened and their tongues merged.

"That feels good." Mary said

"I loved it too." Sally replied as they kissed again

Mary was completely flustered, and aroused. She could only giggle, Sally did too.

"Wow." they both said before Sally kissed her husband, then Mary.

"Look at this." she said to Mary.

Sally held her husband's dick, it looked enormous.

"Whaddya think?" she giggled.

Mary's eyes widened as she saw it.

"Isn't it beautiful?"

"It is..." she said.

"He's gonna fuck me with it..." she said in a lascivious whisper "...he'll fuck you with it too..."

Mary was breathing in short little gasps now, a mix of nervous anticipation and rampant lust.

"But first...he's gonna make me feel good...really good..." she said in a soft voice.

"Let's go to the bedroom." Ed said

Mary felt positively giddy with excitement as they walked totally naked through the house, she couldn't take her eyes off Ed's enormous dick, not to mention seeing Sally's ass. She knew she was very wet "down there". 

Their master bedroom was beautifully furnished in shades of white. Ed turned on some soft jazz music that added to the mood. The trio were very relaxed on the huge king size bed and all three kissed each other deeply. Ed began to kiss Sally's tits, giving her nipples extra attention. Mary watched, then leaned down and hesitantly kissed her nipples too.

"Oh, yesss..." Sally sighed "That feels marvelous...both of you kissing my boobs."

"You like that?" Ed asked Mary with a naughty twinkle in his eye.

Mary smiled and shyly nodded. She'd never kissed a girl like this before. But then again, everything she'd been doing with her friends was new to her, and she liked it. 

"I can tell." he replied "You look beautiful, you know that?"

Mary blushed a little, then impulsively kissed Ed. Both kissed Sally and returned to licking her tits. Ed now began to softly kiss down her body. Sally shuddered as she felt his kisses, then she opened her legs. Mary looked down and could see her thick, dark pussy hair. Sally breathed in sharply and her mouth was open, Ed's face was buried between her legs. 

Sally began to moan, her head slowly moving from side to side, a look of ecstasy on her face. She slowly turned to Mary and smiled.

"Kiss me...please kiss me..." she sighed.

Mary had a moment of indecision, then she looked at her friend and smiled.

She leaned in and kissed Sally deeply, their tongues freely touching. Sally gasped and then moaned loudly.

"Gonna cum...ohhhhhhyessssss!" she cried out.

Ed sat up, looking satisfied with his work.

"I'd like to make you feel good, Mary." he said

"Oh...I don't know..." she stammered

"You have to, hon...you'll thank me for it." Sally said

"But it's just so...I-I don't know...what should I do?"

Sally sat up and gently held her.

"Just relax...it'll feel good, I promise." she said looking straight at her.

Mary finally nodded and switched places with Sally.

"Just relax...lay back...I'll be right here." she said to Mary she held her lovingly in her arms.

Ed's magical tongue immediately sent Mary into orbit. She was being held by Sally who whispered in her ear.

"Doesn't that feel good...he does it so well..." she said softly "just let yourself go, hon..."

"Oh my god...it's so good...ohhhhhh I feel it...oh god, yes..." Mary gasped.

"Let yourself go...if you're gonna cum do it...he loves that."

Mary didn't realize it, but Sally was holding and caressing her tits.

"Oh yesss...I love your boobs..."

Mary was in heaven, she hadn't felt this good in so long. She could feel an explosion building inside her. She let out a scream of pleasure and lay back on the bed.

But the pleasure was only continuing. She could still feel her pussy being licked and fingered. Ed was as good as Sally said he'd be.

She finally had the strength to open her eyes and look down between her legs. Her eyes widened.

It was Sally licking her pussy! Ed was standing near the foot of the bed and had pulled Sally's ass close to him.

Sally looked up at her.

"I've wanted to do this for years." she said with a wicked smile.

Mary was at first shocked, but this was such an incredible experience. She was feeling and experiencing things she'd never dreamed of.

It only got better.

Just as Sally resumed licking her, she looked up, gritted her teeth and grunted as Ed's monster dick entered her from behind.

"UH! Do me baby...do me Marine style!" she grunted as he fucked her while she licked Mary's pussy.

What a sight to see, Ed's strong body and muscles seemed to be rippling with every thrust into Sally. And she was still licking Mary's pussy too.

"Fuck me babe...FUCK ME!" she screamed

Ed roughly pulled Sally up and tightly held her around the waist as he kissed her neck. Then resumed thrusting into her, her mouth was open as if to scream in pleasure.

"Lookit that pussy...like lickin' that pussy...huh?" he growled at her.

"I love it! I love her pussy!" she cried "Wanna watch you fuck her...fuck her!"

Sally looked at Mary, whose fingers were buried in her own pussy.

"You wanna fuck, Mary...huh?" she asked

"Oh yes...wanna fuck...wanna be fucked."

Sally and Ed "dislodged themselves" and she had Ed lay flat on the bed.

"Get on top, this'll be good for you." she said to Mary.

Mary was a little nervous at what was happening. She nervously climbed over Ed's dick and slowly sat down on it, watching Ed's face as Sally guided it in. She felt incredible as his enormous dick went inside her, then further inside her.

"Wow, babe! You're taking it all...oh my god it looks so sexy!" Sally said happily.

Mary began to rock back and forth, then up and down on his dick. She felt so filled up by Ed. Sally watched intently, then gave her a big kiss and started to suck on her tits again. 

"Oooh I want some of this too." Sally said.

Sally swung herself over Ed's face and smiled widely as his tongue went into her pussy again. 

"Oh my god this is wonderful!" she yelled "Isn't his dick great?"

Mary couldn't reply, she was in ecstasy, feeling so free, so wonderful.

She knew her husband was smiling on her now

"GOD YES!!" Mary cried out.

Ed began to grunt now.

"Gonna cum...gonna cum..." he grunted.

"Cum in her pussy!" Sally moaned

With a gut-level groan, Ed exploded into her. She felt like a fire hose had gone off inside her. She fell into Sally's arms, crying and laughing.

"That's it, hon...oh let it out." Sally said in the same way.

"I love you...oh I love you both." Mary said through her tears.

They were all exhausted and lay sprawled on the bed.

"My...my god I can't believe it...that was incredible." Mary finally said.

Sally sat up and gazed at her naked friend.

"I loved it too...you were beautiful." she said in a soft voice

They stared at one another before Sally leaned down and lovingly kissed her friend on the lips.

"I've never done anything like that...you know, with..." Mary said

"A woman? Don't think about it." she said reassuringly "You did what felt good, there's nothing wrong with that." 

Mary nodded.

"It just felt strange..." she said softly before smiling "...but you're right, it felt good. Not just with you but..." she turned to Ed who was now dozing.

"My stud?" 

Both held their hands to their mouths to contain their laughter.

"Come on, let's get a drink." Sally said as they carefully got off the bed and went back downstairs.