 With thanks to Howard and Linda for their help in writing/editing this story.

*****

Jayne was laid back in the large marble bath eyes closed and moaning. She had two fingers in her pussy ravaging her clit and one working its way into her arse under the water. Her partner Howard was straddling her body, his hard cock between her 38E tits, which he was pushing together as he fucked them. The soapy water was excellent lubrication and the feeling of very little resistance between her tits was bringing him to the edge. Jayne suddenly opened her eyes and looked at Howard, she gasped "Oh God, I'm cumming..." and promptly orgasmed against her fingers, her arse tightening and squeezing the finger inserted up there.

Howard lost control and started to spunk in massive thick spurts out the top of her cleavage and into Jayne’s waiting mouth and over her face.

As usual there was an incredible amount of cum and Jayne savoured it all, pulling his cock from its place between her tits and wanking the last few spurts directly onto her large brown nipples. She then used the head of his cock to rub it into her nipples smiling and finally pulling her finger from her arse....

They cleaned up and finished getting ready for the night out. It was Jayne's birthday and Howard had got tickets to the Ministry Of Sound in London. Jayne had bought some clothes from an internet site and was dying to wear them, the MoS was the ideal place. It was also an ideal place for them to complete the final part of Jayne's birthday outing. They were going out with the intention of finding a girl to bring back to the hotel that evening. It had worked a couple of times before but some of the women that they had picked did not really live up to their expectations. One wouldn't go down on Jayne, another didn't want Howard to touch her. They were hoping to meet someone quite special who would be as open as they were.

Howard watched as Jayne dressed herself in the long black dress and black boots. He was quite sure that she would draw interest from some people; it would be just a matter of making sure they picked the right one. Wrapping herself in a long black coat Jayne made for the door. "Come on!" she pleaded to Howard who was making sure the room was tidy and inviting to whoever they may return with, "We'll get a quick drink in the bar downstairs then go straight there." ordered Jayne. Always the organiser....

The Kensington Hilton was their hotel of choice, the most expensive room of course. They had indulged themselves in the Japanese restaurant downstairs following a days shopping in Knightsbridge.

They sat in the bar drawing admiring glances in Jayne’s direction, mostly men, which she wasn't interested in tonight. A few women looked over but none that Howard thought he would want to see in the flesh!

"As it's my birthday I should get to choose who we fuck with" said Jayne in her usual direct manner. Looking over at his dominatrix themed girlfriend Howard didn't feel in any position to argue. "No problem, I'll simply point them out and ask for your opinion on them...ok?" Jayne just smiled and finished her drink.

The taxi ride consisted of the usual leering London taxi driver who spent more time looking in the rear-view mirror than the road. They arrived at the MoS. A short queue had formed and the couple joined it.

Howard had a look at the other people going in. A good mix of people tonight. Various ages and choices of clothing. As they were approaching the door a taxi pulled up and a woman got out. She waved to some people who were at the head of the queue and joined them. Howard nudged Jayne and pointed out the newcomer. "Patience dear" she whispered, "Yes, she's very sexy but lets see what's on offer inside first."

Howard looked over at the girl and heard a member of her group say "Thought you were never going to get here Adele." She saw Howard looking at her and smiled before replying to her friend "I was engrossed in a story my friend Rachel was telling me about a recent date she went on...sorry I'm late."

5 minutes later they were all in the club.....

Adele's head was still spinning with the details of what had happened to her friend Rachel. She couldn't resist opening her legs and playing with her clitoris whilst she read the story off the screen.

Her mind was full of the lovely sex scenes that Rachel had described and she decided to put on a very sexy outfit herself that night. She got out her very sexy short leather mini dress. She had previously only worn in the previous hot summer holiday to Ibiza. It had got very approving looks from everyone she met that night... she decided to be even more daring tonight and wore it with stocking and suspenders, but as the dress was so short they would be on view all the time. She finished off her outfit by fitting her delicate size 5 feet in to a pair of four inch high heels that just said 'Cum Fuck Me'  Underneath her dress she wore a pair of black silk thongs which felt lovely against her smooth shaved pussy.

For make up she choose her favourite deep red lip stick to accentuate her full lips and a small splash of her perfume....'Obsession'

She looked at herself in the full length mirror and gave a twirl, which bought her dress up and showed off her arse cheeks delightfully.....

Adele realised she better get a move on and jumped in to her Mini Cooper, which she loved driving and was always getting admiring looks from others, especially when she wore short skirts. She drove quickly to her friend's house and got there in time to get their taxi into London

She got to the Ministry of Sound just before it opened and joined her friends at the head of the queue. Adele knew that she wouldn't have any trouble getting in t the club in her outfit.

She loved seeing what other people wore to MoS, it was definitely the place to be seen and she loved it. She spotted a similarly aged woman in the room who looked very striking in her long PVC dress. The dress had a lovely cross-over lacing back to it. Adele was taken in by her long hair and striking looks. There was something about her she couldn't quite make out, but what ever it was, Adele felt her self becoming aroused.

She watched the woman and her partner find a table and sat down with their drinks. She initially put her to the back of her mind and chatted to her friends...

Having found a table and obtained a drink Howard and Jayne spent a few minutes looking around at the other people in the club. Across from them was a couple of men, obviously gay, dressed only in shorts and body paint, next to them was a women in a white lace negligee and thigh length white leather boots. Between the top of the boots and her negligee Howard could see the unmistakable criss/cross of white fish net stockings. "Wow", he thought "Why wasn't I behind her in the queue, would of made the wait some what more pleasant..."

Jayne had moved one of booted feet over to Howard's inner thigh under the table and was stroking up and down slowly. "We must pick the best fuck in the room" she whispered to him, "We've had some fantastic sex since being together but tonight must exceed even those nights....and I mean exceed them 100 times over."

Howard was glad he was sitting down. When Jayne got serious about sex it meant that everybody involved was about to learn something about themselves. She was voracious and he loved nothing more than being on the receiving end of her when she was in full blown nymphomaniac mood. She was in that mood tonight and it would take some real dirty sex to bring her down to earth.

Jayne suddenly kicked him under the table and indicated with her eyes to look to the left. Howard did so and saw the girl who had jumped the queue earlier. She was walking between the tables and would pass them any moment. He turned back to the table and waited for her to pass before taking a long hard look at her as she walked past with a casual grace that said "Look at me and despair because you know you're not good enough to have me."

She was wearing a very short black leather dress which came out at the bottom in an attempt at a skirt. The dress was so short however that the skirt part was decorative only. The bottom of her tight perfectly shaped arse cheeks were clearly on display as was the fact she was wearing a thong. She had on a suspender belt and black stockings, the tops of that were also clearly visible, arranged in perfect symmetry around her thighs. He followed the stockings down her long slim legs to her feet. Black 4 inch heels. Howard considered how she managed to stay on those heels when she was drunk. However this thought was immediately driven from his mind by a far more likely scenario, this wasn't a girl who got drunk in order to have a good time. Her idea of a night out was obviously something that involved very little alcohol.

His mouth had dried up in total awe of what he had just seen but he managed to gasp "How was the front?" over to his partner. "Well, looking at your face I think you can get an idea when I say that it matches the back perfectly." Howard was still watching the gorgeous arse disappear and out of view when Jayne coughed and added "Oh did I forget to mention, she winked at me as she passed"

Glad he was sitting down Howard closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "Well then, what are we waiting for? Let's get closer to her and make an offer if she seems right..."

They followed the girl onto the dance floor. This time it was Jayne that was watching the girls behind and coming to the conclusion that women only dressed like that who where....well.....like her if she was to be totally honest with herself. The girl had made it onto the dance floor. Jayne and Howard set themselves up not too far away and started to dance. The girl was joined by her friends. All possible candidates but none of them had the aura that the girl in the black dress had. Howard got a final glimpse of her before his view was blocked by other dancers and turned his attention back to Jayne.

A 3rd person had joined them, the girl in the white negligee and fishnets had come over and was dancing with Jayne. She was pointing to Jayne’s impressive chest and then saying something to her like "Are they implants?". Jayne was shaking her head and pointing to the other girls’ obvious implants which stuck out horizontally from her chest. The other girl nodded and took Jayne’s hand and placed it over her left breast. Jayne felt around a bit then smiled. The girl got up close to Jayne, placed her mouth by her ear and started whispering to her whilst running her fingers up the front of Jayne’s dress and over her tits. Jayne smiled and pointed at me and looked questioningly at the girl who shook her head vigorously

Jayne shrugged her shoulders and gave the girl a sorry look at which she moved away. "What was that about?" Howard managed to say. "She was a lesbian. Wanted me but didn't want you involved so I told her no." Jayne replied. Oh well, never mind. This place was packed with possible candidates, not least one in particular...Now where had she gone.....?

Jayne seemed to read Howard's mind and nodded behind him. He turned to find the girl in the black dress dancing behind him. It must have been her that was just bumping into him. He had been too engrossed in the other women to pay too much attention. The girl turned around and bumped into him again. Her hand went up to her mouth in a gesture of "I'm sorry!" Howard got his first look at the front of her. Pretty face with the right amount of makeup. Wow, those red lips....The black dress was pushing her tits up to form an incredible cleavage which he almost looked at for too long before remembering his manners. The girl suddenly took hold of Jayne’s and Howard’s hands. "Dance with me!" she mouthed over the music. They danced for a long time, with the girl always being the centre of attention. Sometimes it was her and Jayne, getting up close to each other, other times with Howard. At one point the girl ran her hand down over Jayne's PVC encased arse. When she saw the approving look Jayne gave her she lightly grabbed Jayne's arse in both hands before quickly moving her head forward and kissing Jayne on the lips so lightly as to be almost non-existent. At this point she had her back to Howard. He knew it was a blatantly deliberate move when at one point she just bent over in front of him for a split second. The thong running deep into her arse cheeks and the suspender belt straining as the movement pulled her stockings up slightly. The sight of her are arse gave Howard one thought and one thought alone which he had to immediately dismiss to prevent himself getting a hard on there and then.

The girl and Jayne began a conversation. Jayne was nodding over at Howard and seemed to be asking the girl something. The girl looked back at Howard and then back to Jayne before nodding vigorously. At this point Jayne ran her hand down over the back of the girls dress and stroked her bare arse cheek before starting a long, slow kiss with her. "Well" thought Howard, "looks like we're leaving....."

It wasn't late so a taxi was easy to find. Jayne got in first. Howard made sure he got in behind the girl so he could watch her behind as she entered the taxi. Another leering taxi driver with a faulty rear mirror that meant he had to keep looking in it drove them back to the hotel. During the journey they introduced themselves. The girl was called Adele and was very pleased to meet us. She stretched her legs out in the black cab and Howard made no attempt to hide his wondering gaze as he followed the length of her legs up to the visible front of her thong. He stroked along the outside edge of her thigh whilst Jayne did the same to the other leg, discretely so as to not give the taxi driver a reason to crash.

At the hotel they went straight up to the room and sat down around a sofa and chair....."I just need to ask room service for something if I may..." asked Adele appearing to enjoy a private joke..."It's only some strawberries...."

As Adele rang down to reception, Howard said to Jayne, 'She is an absolute dream, so relaxed, easy going and confident' 'Yes, I just hope she is as good as she looks' replied Jayne. 

They heard her flirting with the room service clerk 'A large bowl of strawberries .....no.... no cream thank you.....and two bottles of champagne and three glasses...oh straight away please' She replaced the handset and came back to the lounge area, her high heels clicking on the tiled floor. She sat next to Jayne and smiled at Howard who was just taking in the sight of this beautiful girls legs and body.

'Can I ask why your in London? I won't be asking you anything else'. Howard explained about it being Jayne’s Birthday. 'Oh may be I should have asked for a cake as well' joked Adele. Howard was getting a little nervous, that things might not be going to plan... This was dispelled when Adele turned to Jayne and offered to give her a birthday kiss.

Their kisses were soft and sultry at first, but Howard could start to see Jayne melting under Adele's spell. Her eyes closed and she was in a different world. Their mouths opened and their tongues started to dance with each other.

Howard grabbed his digital video camera off the table and started to film the two girls. Adele noticed the camera, but was ok about it. Then with a cheeky grin said 'I hope you have got enough tape for all night..' Howard was looking forward to adding another tape to their collection to go with one of Heather and the two of them enjoying some excellent sex at their own house......[Naughty me..!!]

There was a quiet knock on the door as room service arrived Howard quickly dealt with it, not wanting to miss any of the action.

When he returned he found Jayne stroking Adele’s thighs above her stockings and finding the front of her thongs very damp. They continued to kiss and explore each others bodies. Jayne offered her juice covered fingers to Adele to suck clean. She loved the taste of herself and she licked Jayne's fingers clean in a slow and deliberate manner.

Jayne asked Adele to help her get out of her dress as she was starting to find it a little restricting, but she wanted Adele to leave hers on for now... Adele undid Jayne's dress and pushed it to the ground, revealing her beautiful breasts, lacy knickers and hold up stockings. 

They sat back down on the sofa and took each other in their arms. Adele kissed Jayne, once more her lips opening over Jayne’s mouth letting Adele's lips devour the taste of her. Adele's hand went down to Jayne's pussy and it was wet with her own juices

Adele finger fucked Jayne for a while. First two fingers and then three. Adele was moving her fingers in and out in a corkscrew fashion. She offered a finger to Jayne to taste and she sucked the other one herself. Adele loved the taste of Jayne's pussy. 

From Jayne’s reactions her heart was beating fast and her legs opened wider to allow Adele to push her entire small fist in to Jayne's pussy. The inside was so warm and wet the sensation was fantastic. Jayne began to writhe under Adele and her legs clamped tight around Adele's body she seemed desperate to hold Adele as close and as tight as possible. Jayne's body bucked against Adele's, thrashing into her as if nothing could be deep enough to satisfy her. Jayne was becoming very vocal urging her 'cock teasing sexy rich bitch' to fuck her some more.

Jayne’s vagina now took on the feeling of a vast tunnel and Adele feared she would do Jayne some harm as her fingers and wrist went up and up inside her. My god what was that she could feel? Adele could open her hand and the fingers explored the walls of her pussy. Jayne flinched at each movement and then pushed harder against Adele wham, wham against the fist that had totally invaded her inner being. 

For a moment even Jayne wondered whether she was in danger of physical damage, but the thought soon left her as the physical sensation was so wonderful that her mind subdued her temporary anxiety. Adele now started to kiss her breasts, and then sucking her nipples with such power that again she seemed to be devouring Jayne. 

Now Jayne's mind had left her and all that was left were sensations that flashed through her entire body, she shuddered over and over and finally with a scream Jayne came, as if her entire body was shedding its soft inner core as her orgasm reached every limb and flashed like lightening and she collapsed unconscious on top of Adele. 

Adele pulled her hand out of Jayne gently and then lay Jayne down beside her and brought her back to life with some ice cold water, she was still shaking and they hugged each other very tightly. Jayne sobbed with delight and emotion. Howard couldn't believe what he had just watched and caught on camera....He was almost in shock at the erotic act that had taken place before his eyes.

Adele looked into Jayne's eyes and asked 'Would you like some more?' Howard was shocked when Jayne replied 'Yes please baby, that was incredible, I want to know were you learnt to do that'

Before Jayne could fully recover, Adele continued to kiss her way down Jayne's body in a deliberate and teasing manner. She reached Jayne's pussy that was still recovering and started to gently tongue her and kiss around her pussy lips. Adele dipped her tongue deep into Jayne and tasted her juices. She teased her clitoris and Jayne immediately reacted to Adele as she was now so sensitive. Adele sensed this and knew that she could tease Jayne in to submission when she wanted to....

Jayne lay back and opened her legs again to allow Adele full access to her pussy. Adele used her tongue to trace a path between Jayne's pussy and her puckered ass. She used her fingers to open the rose bud opening and dipped her tongue in to Jayne’s ass. Adele could tell that Jayne was enjoying this attention and continued to tease her with her tongue, before sliding her middle finger in to her ass. 
