 Art had completed his training as a masseuse and he was now working part time at a salon near the college. He was in his junior year at the university and he was doing very well in school with a cumulative 3.6 GPA. Art would graduate in a year with a degree in business and he hoped to be accepted to graduate school. Art was an impressive young man of 21 years and he had dated many girls in college. He stood at 6'3" tall, weighed a fit 190 pounds and he worked out religiously. He had strong but gentle hands which served him well as a masseuse. He was handsome with brown hair and hazel eyes.

One Saturday Art had a client that he at first had mistaken for a young woman. The person looked to be about 5'5" and probably didn't weigh more than 130 pounds. Art quickly learned that it was not a woman and that the person's name was Cory. Art was surprised when Cory stretched out on the massage table in just his knit underwear. Art stared at Cory briefly as he had never seen a guy look so feminine in the near nude. Cory had blonde hair that covered his ears and the nape of his neck. Cory's skin was hairless and without a blemish and when Art began the massage he felt the smooth texture of Cory's skin.

Art had massaged plenty of females and males since working at the salon but he couldn't recall anyone with skin as smooth as Cory's. There were only a few women who came close. Art began the massage at Cory's neck and shoulders and worked his way down Cory's back. As he massaged his effeminate client, Art felt his cock harden in his shorts. He had never gotten a hard-on massaging a guy before and he was disturbed by his reaction to Cory's body.

Cory had turned his head to one side resting on his hands folded on the massage table. He noticed the bulge in Art's shorts and he smiled at the masseuse's dilemma. Cory also noticed that the outline of Art's cock in his shorts was very impressive and Cory guessed the size to be close to eight inches and it was very thick. Art moved down to the end of the table and began to massage Cory's calves and feet. Art massaged Cory's calves up to the back of his knees and then his thighs just below his buttocks.

Cory then spoke, "Let me take these off so that you don't get any oil on them." 

Cory then pulled off his underwear and tossed them on the floor. Art saw Cory's small erection as the underwear came off but Cory turned quickly back to his stomach. Art realized that the massage was getting to Cory and he embarrassed that his own cock was still hard.

"Do you want a towel over you?" Art asked trying to be professional.

"No, I'm okay, thanks!" Cory replied in a soft voice.

Art then stared at the shapely ass before him and he was surprised that it looked so good. Art had had anal sex with a number of college girl's with hot asses. Now that he looked at Cory's ass it looked every bit as good as any of the girls that he had butt fucked. Cory's ass was ivory white and in stark contrast to his tan body. The tan lines served to further emphasize the shapely curvy bubble butt. Art massaged Cory's thighs again and then told Cory it was time to turn over. 

"Aren't you going to massage my bottom? I love to have my bottom massaged too," Cory asked sexily.

"Sure I can do that if you like," Art replied.

Art poured more oil on his hands and he noticed that his hands were shaking as he moved them toward Cory's alluring ass. "Get a hold of your self," he scolded himself silently. Art then began to rub Cory buttocks and the two globes felt marvelous in his hands. Art's cock was now throbbing and he was worried that he might show pre-cum in his shorts. Cory began to rotate his ass under Art's strong hands.

"Oh that feels wonderful. You have great hands and I love the way you massage my bottom," Cory cooed.

"I think that we better do the front now," Art stammered showing his nervousness.

"Oh would you do my shoulders again first," Cory requested.

Cory had a woody and he wasn't quite ready to turn over and besides he was going to take it to the next step with Art. Cory wanted to see how far he could go with Art in the massage room. Art moved to the head of the table and began to massage Cory's shoulders again. As Art's hands massaged Cory's shoulders, Cory let his hands drift to Art's shorts. Art felt Cory's hands fumbling with his shorts and then he realized that Cory had freed his cock.

Art tried to step back but Cory held on to the big thick shaft. "Relax and let me enjoy your beautiful cock," Cory said as he stroked the long thick penis.

"We shouldn't, not in here," Art said nervously.

"Why don't you lock the door," Cory whispered.

"It's locked," Art stammered.

"Well then let's enjoy this," Cory whispered again just before he lowered his mouth onto Art's cock.

"Oh my God his is going to blow me right here," Art thought to himself.

Art knew that he shouldn't let Cory suck his cock but it felt so good. Cory was an excellent cock sucker and Art knew that he would cum soon. Cory pulled Art closer to the table and he began to fondle Cory's balls and stroke his perineum. Art was so turned on that he busted his nut quickly and flooded Cory's mouth. Cory handled the discharge expertly and sucked every drop out of Art's cock. Cory lowered Art's shorts and underwear down to his knees and pulled Art closer. Cory held onto Art's muscular buttocks as he continued to suck Art's cock keeping Art hard.

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Why don't you massage my ass some more and lubricate my anus this time," Cory directed.

As if in a trance Art followed Cory's instructions and began to massage Cory's ass. Art then worked Cory's ass just as he had any of the girl's he had butt fucked. He lovingly massaged Cory shapely buttocks and lubricated Cory's asshole. Art put one then two fingers in Cory's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Art. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time," Cory whispered sexily.

Staring the entire time at Cory's beautiful curvy ass, Art took off his tee shirt. Next Art got up on the massage table and lowered his body onto Cory. Art held his erect cock in his hand and guided to Cory's anus. Cory held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up Cory's anus and stretched the sphincter. Art was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated a guy's ass for the first time in his life. Cory's ass opened up and welcomed Art's cock into the warm snug passage. Art held still and let Cory move under him. Once Art was satisfied that Cory had loosened up he began to fuck Cory with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had done this many times before. Cory rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the massage table. This move accentuated the round shape of Cory's shapely ass. Art like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Normally Art liked the girls in a doggy style position but he found he liked the way Cory felt under him. Cory groaned repeatedly each time Art buried his cock in Cory's ass.

Each time Art drove his cock into Cory's bottom, Cory lifted his hips to receive the cock in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Art wrapped his arms around Cory's upper body. They bodies pressed together as they made love and Art felt just like in was in the ass of one of the coeds. Art never expected that fucking a guy could be so enjoyable and so erotic. Art forgot completely that he was still in one of the massage rooms where he worked. Art was so wrapped up fucking Cory's hot curvy ass that the ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning Art shot another massive load into Cory's rectum.

Cory groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Art moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into Cory until he was nearly drained. Art pressed his body into Cory and remained still as Cory clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscles around Art's shaft. Art was still hard when he removed his cock from Cory's ass and got off the massage table. Cory turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Art watched a guy jerk off for the first time. 

Cory saw that Art was still hard and spoke softly, "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Art moved back to Cory who lifted his legs to receive Art's cock. Art laid his cock back into Cory's well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Cory stroked his cock as Art fucked him and Art was amazed that he was still hard after cumming twice. Art watched as Cory closed his eyes and felt Cory's sphincter tighten around his cock as Cory ejaculated. Cory's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on Cory's chest, abs and pubes. The action of Cory's sphincter contracting around Art's cock as Cory ejaculated caused Art to cum yet again.

Cory smiled as he felt another surge of semen enter his ass, "I think that you like fucking me," Cory whispered.

Art just nodded as he was again embarrassed about what happened. He pulled out of Cory and got towels for both of them. They wiped the semen from their body and then they got dressed. Art escorted Cory back to the main desk and then he returned to the massage room to get it ready for another client. Cory paid the receptionist and then left the building. Art cleaned up the massage room and put the cum-stained towels and linens in the laundry. 

Art never in his wildest imagination thought that he would ever have sex in one of the massage rooms and certainly not with a male client. Art struggled with that encounter the rest of the day. His mind kept going back to it but the scary thing was that he actually enjoyed it. Art convinced himself by the end of the day that it had been no different with Cory than it was with a girl, at least as far as getting a blow job and fucking a curvy ass. Art wondered if he would ever see Cory again. In one way he hoped not but in another it was kind of a turn-on.

ART MASSAGES A NEW CLIENT

When Art reported to work on Saturday he learned that he had a new client who had asked for him by name. It was the first time that a new client ever asked for him and Art was sure that it was a referral. He was told that the girl's name was Cindy and that the appointment was set for 11:00 AM. Art first had a walk-in client at 9:30 for an hour massage.

At 10:45 Cindy arrived for her massage and Art greeted her in the reception area. He led her back to the massage room and showed her wear to put her clothes and then he left the room to give her some privacy. Cindy was a good looking woman with blonde hair and blue eyes. She was about 5'4" tall and Art guessed that she weighed about 110 pounds at the most. Cindy had worn shorts and a tube top so Art noticed that she had nice shapely legs and a very cute ass. Cindy was small breasted and she had a narrow waist. 

When Art returned to the massage room Cindy was lying face down on the massage table with a towel covering her bottom. She was naked above and below the towel and Art wondered is she was naked under it. He felt his cock stir in his pants as he thought about her potential nudity under the towel. Art took some massage oil and began rubbing it into Cindy's shoulders and back. Cindy cooed as it did feel good. As Art massaged the slender attractive blonde he felt that she resembled Cory somewhat and he recalled how he enjoyed fucking Cory in the ass.

Art worked magic with his hands as they moved all over Cindy's upper body and she became totally relaxed. Art then moved his hands to her legs beginning with her feet and calves. Cindy was not surprised that Art had bypassed her ass and focused on her legs but she knew that he would be surprised when he found her naked under the towel. Art massaged Cindy's calves and then his hands moved higher to her thighs. He took his time with her thighs massaging one at a time and at times he came dangerously close to her pubic area and buttocks but he never touched her pussy or her ass. Cindy wanted to grab his hand and thrust it into her vagina.

The towel then slipped off of Cindy's bottom and she made no move to cover up. Art's first instinct was to retrieve the towel but when he saw Cindy's inaction, he left it on the floor. Art stared at Cindy lying on her stomach with her cute round ass on display. He thought her ass resembled Cory's ass in that position and once again he recalled slipping his cock into Cory's hot ass. Art put an ample amount of oil on his hands and began to massage Cindy's buttocks. Cindy relaxed as Art finally massaged her ass. She was in a dreamy state when she felt Art's hand slid into the crack of her ass and a tingle ran through her body. Cindy's ass was so sensitive. Recognizing her pleasure, Art allowed his fingertip to brush her nether hole. Cindy's body twitched not in alarm but in excitement. 

Cindy's mind was racing and she was excited beyond her expectations. She felt Art's finger probe her anus once again and she remained still and quiet as he had his way with her nether hole. Art sensed her submissive state and took it to the next step. He eased his finger into Cindy's ass little by little until his finger was buried in her rectum. Cindy remained still and allowed Art to finger her asshole and she felt tingles run through her body. Art wormed his finger around in her ass and then he slowly removed it.

Cindy was in state of desire when Art rolled her over on her back as he spoke, "Time to do the front now."

Cindy had expected him to fuck her ass but she allowed herself to be turned over and she closed her eyes as Art's hands rubbed oil all over the front of her body. He began with her shoulders and neck and then descended to her breasts. Cindy's nipples were hard as rocks when Art massaged her tiny breasts and rolled the extended nubs in his fingers. Then his hands moved lower to Cindy's thighs skipping her hips and pubes. He massaged each leg separately lifting it to his shoulder and rubbing it all the way to her pussy. His hands would occasionally graze her cunt and Cindy would flinch in response. Once again she was in a state of desire and she felt the need to orgasm.

"Touch me!" Cindy whispered in an obvious state of desire.

"Do you need to cum Cindy?" Art whispered to her.

Cindy just closed her eyes and nodded yes. Art smiled and he was pleased how easy this had been the second time he was to have sex in the salon. He gently rubbed Cindy's pussy with the massage oil and sought out her erect clit. Art pushed two fingers into her pussy, rubbed her clit with his thumb and located her G-spot with two fingers. Cindy covered her mouth with her arm as an orgasm rocked her pretty body. She kept her eyes shut as her body jerked and spasmed on Art's fingers. Art removed his fingers from Cindy's pussy and brought them to his nose. He was pleased with her aroma. Art's cock was throbbing in his shorts and he was anxious to cum but he wanted Cindy's ass first.

Art rolled her over so that she was face down on the table again and then he returned his attention to her ass. He kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks and as he massaged her ass, he put an ample amount of oil on her asshole. Then Art began to probe her asshole first with one and then two fingers. Before long his fingers were moving easily in and out of Cindy's thoroughly lubed asshole. He lifted Cindy up by her hips until her ass was in the air as she rested her head on the massage table. He removed his fingers, stripped of his clothes and climbed up on the table with Cindy. He positioned the head of his cock at the entrance to her ass. As he eased his cock into her bunghole he heard Cindy gasp and hold her breath. He assuredly told her to relax and that he would not hurt her.

Cindy struggled with the size of Art's cock but now that his cock was in her ass there was no turning back. As Art eased his cock into her ass the head cleared her sphincter and Cindy uttered an audible gasp. The pain was sharp but brief as Art's thick cock worked its way deeper and deeper into Cindy's ass. It was the biggest cock that she ever had in her ass. She was more used to her husband's 5" long and thinner cock.

Her eyes watered as she felt her anal channel being stretched to new dimensions. Art continued to ease his cock in and out of her asshole feeding her an additional ¼ to ½ inch at a time, each time waiting until she relaxed. It seemed to take hours before his entire cock was lodged deep in her ass. Art was so hot that he shot his load immediately when his cock was fully embedded in Cindy's ass. Art stayed hard however as he always did with a new ass. He knew that he could cum two, three and even four times without removing his cock from a woman's tight asshole. Cindy felt the warm cum shoot into her rectum and she loved it. She liked the soothing feel it gave her ravaged asshole but she felt unbelievably full this time. Art started to fuck her with long deliberate strokes as he admired her beautiful ass accepting his huge cock. Art stroked her marvelous ass cheeks and told her how good she looked in this position with his dick skewering her luscious ass. 

The initial pain had subsided completely and now Cindy felt more of a bloating and cramping sensation. The cramping then stopped and now Cindy only felt somewhat constipated with the cock in her ass. Art felt his second orgasm start down in his balls and rush up through his cock flooding Cindy's rectum again. He came more than he expected and cum soon filled her asshole to overflowing and backed up coating his cock and running down the inside of her thighs. However Art was not done with Cindy and he continued fucking her tight ass. Her rectum held his cock tightly and Art felt as if he could stay hard forever in Cindy's beautiful ass. 

He watched his cock saw in and out of her beautiful ass. Cindy had her head turned to the side of the massage table and she was gripping the sides with both hands as Art fondled her shapely buttocks and plowed into her. Art could feel the verge of yet another big orgasm and it felt like it started in his toes. All of a sudden it let loose and he filled her asshole with cum for a third time. His cock seemed to swell up bigger than ever and it seemed that his seed had no where to go.

He kept slowly fucking her ass until his cock started to soften. Cindy' ass involuntarily was milking his cock draining it of all his seed. When Art's cock slipped from her asshole with an audible pop, his cum shot out and ran down the back of her legs and over her pussy. It looked like Cindy was shooting cum out of her ass. She collapsed face down on the table and Art stroked her buns lovingly as she lay quietly. Art was drained and he knew he had nothing left for Cindy's pussy.

"Oh Cory said you would be a great ass fuck and he was right," Cindy cried out.

"Cory told you. How do you know Cory?" Art asked confused.

"Cory is my husband. He told me all about you two and I couldn't wait to try you myself," Cindy told Art.

Art was flabbergasted. "Cory told you that I fucked him. You two are married and you wanted me to fuck your ass too. This is too much!" Art blurted out.

Art was in a state of shock and he was about to be even more shocked by Cindy's invitation. "Cory and I would like you to come over for lunch tomorrow and then we can have some more fun," Cindy offered.

Tomorrow was Sunday and the salon was closed so Art had the time off if he wanted to lunch with Cory and Cindy. "Okay, I'll be there. Should I bring anything?" Art asked.

"Just this," Cindy replied as she took a hold of Art's impressive cock.

Cindy and Art got dressed and Cindy wrote down the address and phone number for him. Art then escorted Cindy to the reception area where she paid the attendant. Art then returned to the massage room and cleaned up after his marathon ass fuck with Cindy. It was lunch time but Art had a 1:00 PM appointment. He ate quickly and then met his next customer an older woman.
