 I know. It's been forever since I've posted a story. This is what happens when a girl has a life outside of writing erotica. Anyway, holiday vacation time coupled with some snow-ins have given me a little time to get going again.

Here's the latest installment of "Massage Mat." As with some of the other episodes, this one does NOT contain any incest, but we have some nice lesbian sex, a threesome and a first for the series: Sex between a man and woman who are not related. How kinky!

Also like the other chapters, this one can stand alone, but would be better if you have read the other parts (if you care about things like plot).

I hope this does the trick for you. As always, come hard and have fun!

KABB

==================================================

"I love you so much, Lori," John sighed, "I'm the luckiest man in the world." Lori smiled.

"And I'm the luckiest woman," replied Lori.

"No you're not," chimed in Beth. "Second luckiest. Would you pass the wine, please, Mr. Lucky?" She hummed a few bars of "Luck Be A Lady Tonight," then broke into the lyrics, "stick with me, baby, I'm the gal that you came in with..." as John filled her glass.

Jason was in the throes of midterm exams and the beginning of hockey season, so Beth had had little chance to see or even to talk with him.

With their boys also away at school, Lori and John had time for a social life, so they invited Beth out to dinner to get her mind off of her loneliness. Beth eagerly accepted their invitation. 

The three friends had spent a relaxing and comfortable time together, and Beth, who had started the evening a bit droopy was now the life of the party. Both Lori and John were amazed to see how chipper she became talking about Jason's successes at school and in hockey. As she recounted her last visit, her voice was full of lilt and life.

After a couple of bottles of wine, Lori worked up the nerve to ask about something that had been on her mind for a long time. "So when you and Jason..." her voice trailed off, "...um...when you, you know ...are, um, getting in the mood. How do you, um. transition from "mom" to...you know..." 

Beth smiled and looked at John. "You know what we're talking about, right?" she asked him. John nodded and smiled.

"Well," Beth continued, "now it's not really a big deal. Jason is so much a man now that I'm not really 'mom' very much anymore. But it's also easy for me to tell when he needs his mom, and when he needs his woman. I guess I just sort of go with my gut," she continued, "and once we get going, I just don't even think about him being my son. It feels very natural, and my body responds very easily to him."

"John, dear, I hope you don't mind if Beth and I have a little "girl talk" do you? We hardly ever get to talk about things anymore. Let us know if you get bored." Lori smiled sweetly, knowing that John would be anything but bored. The wine and the atmosphere of the evening were giving her an idea. John simply nodded, spellbound.

"I guess I can see that," Lori replied to Beth, sipping her wine, "but like...how do you get things started? I mean, does he just come on to you and say, 'hey mom, let's do it?'"

Beth laughed. "No, not exactly. You know, he's a young man, so he's pretty much always ready to go. When I'm in the mood, I just come on to him and it's a done deal. If he's trying to get me started, he usually calls me 'Beth' instead of mom. It's a good way for him to signal that he's ready for sex, I think."

By this time, John's penis was rigid in his pants. Lori reached under the table and squeezed him. "I think John's enjoying our conversation, Beth," she said with a smile.

"I'm sure he is," replied Beth, laughing. "Don't let me keep you two from your business—nothing like hanging out with an old maid to put a dent in your love life."

"Old maid my ass," said John, "You're very sexy, Beth." 

Lori looked lovingly at her husband, and knew that this would be a very special evening for them. She looked across the table at Beth and asked simply, "Beth, honey, would you mind coming to the ladies' room with me, please?" When Beth nodded, Lori gave John a quick kiss and said softly, "We'll just be a minute, then we can go, ok? Why don't you get the check?"

The women returned, laughing, just as John was signing the bill. John got their coats and Lori gave Beth a conspiratorial nudge as they headed to the parking lot. John was surprised to see the women holding hands as they walked to the car.

His surprise became astonishment, however, when they reached the car. As he opened the door for Beth, he saw as his wife turn to her and the two women embraced in a long, deep kiss. He saw Beth gaze into Lori's eyes, and looked on as his wife seemed to melt into Beth's embrace. When the girls finished their second kiss, both they and he were lightheaded and highly aroused.

"I think that maybe Beth would like to come back to our house for a while, darling," Lori said breathlessly, "Would that be ok with you?"

"Oh God yes," John replied earnestly, as Beth began caressing Lori's breasts though her coat. He began to sense that his most fervent desire was about to be fulfilled.

"I'd like that, too," Beth said softly.

By the time they arrived at the house, they were almost beyond reason with lust. "I think we should make John come first," Beth suggested, "That way he can recover while he watches us and he'll last longer for you the second time Lori." 

"Sounds good," Lori said, peeling off her dress. She was already mostly naked and starting to undress John. He in turn was busy trying to remove Beth's clothing as she tried to help get Lori's underwear off of her legs.

"I think there's a more efficient way to do this," John observed.

"Shut up. If your dick wasn't so goddamn hard I'd have your underwear off by now, " Lori complained. "Beth, for Christ's sake hold still." 

"I can't," Beth yelped, "John is knocking me over. John, honey, the bra strap is caught on my boob. Hang on a sec. " She deftly freed her left breast, then reached out to grab John just before she fell onto Lori. After a few more minutes of chaos, they were all naked and laughing. Lori led them into the family room.

"Is there a plan?" John asked.

"I think we're going to fuck," Beth observed. John's prick twitched and a ribbon of pre-cum drooled down to the floor. He thought he would shoot off on the spot.

"So her son is in college and now she's a professor," Lori teased. "So, Professor of Fucking Miller, what shall we do?"

"You definitely need to blow John," Beth said. "The poor man is going to drop his load on the floor if someone doesn't take care of him soon. I think that would be a lovely job for wifey."

Lori led John over to the sofa. When he sat down, she knelt between his legs and took his cock in her mouth. Beth kissed Lori gently, then sat next to John. She ran her hands over his body, then, as Lori began to blow him, Beth kissed his chest softly, fluttering her tongue over his nipples.

John sighed as his wife's mouth brought him to full erection. He looked down to see Lori's head begin to bob up and down slowly. He watched, fascinated, as Beth kissed her way up his chest and to his neck, nibbling on his neck and ears.

"You like the way your wife blows you, don't you," Beth whispered in his ear.

"Oh Jesus, yes," John groaned. He had no idea that Beth could be so slutty—she had always seemed so shy and reserved. Then again, he realized, he would never have believed that she'd be fucking her son, either. Beth continued her nuzzling, nibbling and teasing—now using her fingers on his nipples in addition to her lips and teeth.

"Her hot little mouth feels really good on your big dick, doesn't it?" Beth whispered into his ear. Lori listened, enjoying every moment as Beth spoke teasingly to her husband. Lori wrapped her hand around his throbbing shaft, adding firm pressure to the work she was doing with her mouth and tongue. The women felt his body beginning to become tense as he readied for orgasm.

Beth trailed her kisses up onto John's face, and their mouths met, tongues swirling together. With her free hand, Lori began stroking the insides of his thighs, moving up to cup his balls. Beth alternated deep kisses with nibbles on John's nipples. John had fantasized about a threesome a few times, but he had never imagined that it could be anything like this.

Beth looked down. "Your dick's so hard, " she said, gazing into John's eyes, "It's ready to fucking blow isn't it?" Lori felt John's balls tighten and knew he was ready. She began working her hand and mouth faster on his bursting cock. John closed his eyes, knowing that he was going to come.

"John," Beth said softly. He opened his eyes and looked at her, questioningly. He saw Beth's beautiful eyes as she looked deeply into his, and then...oh God...he felt himself leaving his body, being drawn into Beth. He felt the first spasm of the orgasm—felt the hot seed filling his wife's mouth—and then he was floating and spinning in a universe of pleasure.

As his orgasm ended, he impulsively grabbed Beth and locked her into a deep soul kiss. She yielded willingly and they kissed deeply for a long, long time. When they finished, he realized that tears were running down his face. Beth kissed them away as Lori joined them.

"Room for one more?" Lori asked. John looked into his wife's eyes and in an instant they were locked in an even deeper embrace than the one he had just finished.

"I love you so much, Lori," John sighed, "I'm the luckiest man in the world." Lori chuckled.

"I bet you say that to every girl who sucks your cock," she said, coming up for air.

"I do, but there's only one girl who does that for me," he replied, smiling at her.

"Well, maybe we'll add one more to your list," Lori giggled, "But in the meantime, I'm fucking dying of horniness. How about you, Beth?" Beth just nodded and reached across to stroke Lori's hair. The two women got on their knees and began kissing, only inches from John's face. He watched intently as they made out. Lori had told him about her exploits with other women, but seeing it brought to life in front of him was incredibly intense.

The girls kissed for quite some time, and John had a bird's-eye view of their activities. He watched, enthralled, as both sets of nipples came up into fierce erection from the deep French kissing and neck nuzzling. Finally, Lori bent down to begin suckling on Beth's large nipples, and Beth placed her hand on Lori's head, guiding her and stroking her hair. 

Lori began running her fingernails along Beth's body, grazing the undersides of her breasts and continuing down onto her belly, making large, slow circles with her fingers as she continued to suck Beth's aching nipples. She then began to work her hands lower, circling around Beth's pubes, lightly grazing the hair and trailing down to the inner thighs. 

Beth began to sway her body, and her hips began to thrust slowly. Lori moved her fingers to the outer lips, circling and swirling them over the lips and slit, spreading Beth's wetness up to her clit. The circles became smaller and started to focus in on the swollen bud. 

With a sharp intake of breath, Beth's body jerked as Lori's fingers found the mark. Beth let out a low groan, and her body settled down, spreading her thighs wider. Her back arched and she pulled Lori's head firmly into her breasts. She could take no more.

Beth slid from the couch, easing onto the floor and pulling Lori on top of her. Lori kissed her and reached down to find Beth's pussy swollen and ready. Lori began circling the aching clit, just as she had done on the couch. Beth could sense that this was her time.

"Fuck, Lori, do me," Beth moaned softly as her hips began to thrust in earnest, "Oh God, do me." Lori's fingers slipped effortlessly into her friend's vagina, gliding in smoothly until they could go no further. Lori curled her fingers in a "come here" movement, and found the swollen, nubby G-spot ready for her touch. She began to tease it in a firm press, release movement. Beth held her breath, trembling, as she knew what Lori was starting for her. Involuntarily, Beth felt her ass tighten and her hips rise into the air. She knew that she had little time left.

Startled by a movement to her left, she looked over just in time to see John's mouth closing over her nipple. He sucked firmly and Beth felt as though he was drawing her very essence from Lori's massaging hand up through her body and into his mouth. She had no time now.

"Oh God, Oh God, Oh GOD," Beth cried as she felt herself grip down on Lori's fingers. She grabbed John's hair as her back arched further and pushed her breast deeper into his mouth. She continued to grunt and moan as Lori expertly milked her pussy, spinning the orgasm out until she was totally spent.

She came back to her senses to find herself cradled in John and Lori's arms. As she opened her eyes, she saw Lori's beautiful face before her. "I love you, Lori," she blurted out as Lori took her in a deep kiss. Lori straightened up and Beth saw John take her place. "I love you, too," she said softly. John's mouth replaced Lori's, and Beth had the delicious experience of both male and female kisses back to back. Now it was her turn to become emotional, and her dear friends held her and cuddled her until she was fully restored.

She kissed Lori and said softly, "...and then there was one. How do you want to come, my love?" Lori looked deeply into her friend's eyes.

"In your mouth, Beth," Lori said shyly, "I want to come in your mouth." 

Wordlessly, Beth pushed her gently onto her back, settling between her legs. Beth gently kissed the insides of her thighs, slowly working her way up to the swollen slit. 

John came to Lori and kissed her. Lori kissed him and stroked his cock, then said, "John, honey, would you mind just watching for now? I want you to see me come for a woman as I've told you so many times." John grinned from ear to ear and settled back, taking his erection in his hand.

Lori reached down and ruffled Beth's hair. Beth planted a kiss on Lori's pussy, then opened her and began to run her tongue over Lori's lips and clit. Beth started at the opening, slowly gliding her tongue up the left labia, urging Lori to open further. When she got up to the clit, Beth gently used her tongue to tease the hood back from the head, exposing the shaft. After a few seconds, she slowly slid down the right labia, returning to the vaginal opening, probing that with her tongue.

She began again. Slowly up the left. Tease the clit from underneath the hood...just a bit longer this time. Now down the right. Use the tongue to probe the opening. 

Again. Up, tease...still longer this time, down, probe. And again. Up, tease... now the clitoris is fully exposed and ready...time to lick the shaft. Yes...stay and lick the shaft. Now, down.

Lori groaned as she felt Beth leave her quivering clit. But now...yes! She was gliding up again. "Oh yes, right there," Lori moaned. Lick the shaft. Up and down. Oh God yes. Oh...fuck. 

Lori's body jerked as Beth's tongue found the head of her clit. Now Lori's hips were beginning to thrust. 

"Yes, that's it," she cried, "keep go....no...no..." The tongue slid away, frustratingly. But...but...up and ahhhh...the beautiful tongue was back on the swelling head of her clit. Lori was firmly fucking her groin into Beth's face.

Beth, unhurried, continued to make her circles. Up, lick the clit, down. But now, as she stayed on the clit longer each time, the up and down strokes were short breaks from an almost constant licking of Lori's aching clit.

Lori felt herself climbing the ladder. Each of Beth's circuits took her one step nearer the top. She humped her pussy firmly into her lover's face. 

"Yes, Beth", she sighed, "yes. You know just what to do to me." She continued to climb. 

The ladder was unsteady at this great height, and she swayed and bucked as she rode it. Beth kept her lingering for a moment, and Lori twisted in the wind, trying to balance. With a quick flick of her expert tongue, Beth then urged her higher. Lori climbed another step, very near the top now. The ladder swayed crazily, bucking and twisting.

Suddenly, Lori felt herself falling. She cried out and grabbed Beth's head to steady herself, but her arching back and thrusting hips propelled her off the ladder and shot her into space. She hung onto Beth as she spun and careened, until, amazingly, she shuddered to a soft landing in Beth's arms. She moaned.

"Beth?" she asked softly.

"I'm right here," came the gently reply.

"Could you...I mean, could we..." Lori's voice trailed off. Beth climbed up and took Lori in her arms.

"Of course we can. Are you ready?" Beth said simply. Lori just nodded and turned her gaze toward Beth. 

As their eyes met, she felt the now-familiar sensation of leaving herself, and she eagerly gave herself over to it—almost hurrying out of herself and into Beth. She saw Beth's eyes enlarge, and then she couldn't see anything except the beautiful LoriBeth that they created. 

Their mouths met in a deep kiss and their fingers found each other's clit, now working for the second coming that would bring them together. It came swiftly, and they melted through each other.

They lay together afterward, faces buried in each other's hair. John watched, awed. He had never imagined that sex could be so...so spiritual and so explosively erotic at the same time. He was surprised to find that he felt no jealously...only joy that the woman he loved could experience such bliss in her lifetime.

After several minutes, the women stirred and looked at him. They both looked radiant and joyful—even if they were somewhat spent. Lori extricated herself and crawled over to John.

"OK, honey," she said, kissing him, "now you know what we do when you're not around."

"Wow," John said softly. "All I can say is. Wow." Lori giggled and kissed him again.

"How do you feel?" she asked.

"I feel good," he replied. "I'm so happy that you can experience that with Beth." He pulled his wife close to him and hugged her. They kissed again. Lori reached down and stroked his erect penis.

"And so you'd feel up to doing me then?" she asked wickedly. In response, John began kissing her and gently pushed her onto her back. He mounted her with practiced ease and Lori guided him inside her.

Beth watched as her friends made love slowly. She thought of Jason and how much she would enjoy having him inside her. Her thoughts drifted away as she ached to be penetrated. 

When she again looked over at Lori and John, she saw that they had changed position. John was on his back, and Lori was squatting over his cock, riding him.

"So you liked watching me make it with Beth, huh?" Lori asked teasingly. John nodded. 

"I bet you liked watching Beth come too, didn't you?" she continued, burying him deeply inside her.

"Ah, oh shit, yes, Lori," John groaned. She could sense that he was starting to get close, and she slowed her movements, helping him last longer.

Watching them, Beth felt herself becoming aroused again. Lori beckoned her to come over.

"Well, I wish you could have had the view I did when Beth squatted over my face," Lori said. "Her clit is really big." Lori felt John's penis twitch inside her as she moved slowly up and down on him.

"Maybe if you're nice, Beth would let you see what it's like," Lori said, smiling at Beth, "and who knows, maybe she'd enjoy it too." She nodded at Beth, encouraging her.

"Yes," said Lori as Beth squatted over John, "that's just what it looks like." John could see Beth's large clitoris straining out from beneath its hood, begging for his tongue. As Beth continued to lower herself, he ran his tongue smoothly over the throbbing organ.
