 For three weeks I had paid regular visits to the massage practice of Helen, who helped me get rid of the aftermath of a nasty car accident on the motorway near Rotterdam.

Helen was a woman of about forty-four years, nearly six feet tall and curved where she should be. During the eight treatments that I had received, the pain and stiffness in my body had eventually vanished and today was probably the last time I would be seeing her.

As usual I stripped completely, leaving my clothes in the small changing room and stretched out face down on the massage table. Helen asked about possible pains in my body and when I declared that all was well, she decided to give me a general massage. That relaxed me in a fantastic way. After some fifteen minutes of treating my back she asked me to turn over and rounded the massage off by dealing with my legs. While I lay there, I looked at her and let my eyes wander about her tall frame and her exquisite bust. That caused my penis, which had been resting peacefully between my legs, to stir slightly. Helen noticed that and smiled. It had happened during some of the previous sessions and she had always smiled this way. We had never talked about it, but she broke that habit now.

'Having naughty thoughts, are we?' she asked.

'I don't know about you, but yes, I am having some naughty thoughts,' I confessed. She continued to work on my left calf and finished by giving both my feet a massage. My hard-on subsided in the meantime. 

'I think, that this should probably conclude the series of treatments,' said Helen at last.

'Well, it is good to hear, that I am completely well again,' I replied, 'but it is a bit of a pity, that I won't be getting any more of these delicious massages.'

'So you liked them?' she asked.

'Didn't you notice?'

She smiled again.

'Okay, since you flatter me, I will treat you to a complete relaxing full body massage one of these days. What you have had until now, was purely therapeutical. I am sure that you will enjoy a complete body massage as well. How about it?'

While she was talking I had been lying on the table and the fantasy created in my head by her invitation caused my member to come to attention once again. She looked at my penis standing at half-mast and then looked me in the eye. 'I can see that you are interested, so I'll call you one of these days to set a date and time.' After saying that she reached out and stroked my penis two or three times. I was rock hard at the second stroke. She nodded thoughtfully and said: 'See you soon.' Then she left the room and I got into my clothes and left the practice.

I felt strangely excited, but I was also a bit surprised. Helen had never before shown any erotic or sexual interest in me and I had maintained the usual distance as well, with the exception of the occasional erection, which she had ignored every time but the last. I went about my business as usual that week and had nearly forgotten all about Helen, when on Friday night the phone rang and there she was.

'Would you be interested to come to the practice tomorrow afternoon for your full body massage?' she asked. I agreed with enthusiasm and we set the time for the appointment at three in the afternoon.

Next morning I did my shopping for the weekend and cleaned up the house. Then I took a shower, applied some body-lotion and lay down for a while on my bed. After a short nap I woke up with a tremendous boner. I asked myself if some masturbation might be in order, but then decided against it. A stiff rod might come in handy, if the session with Helen went as I anticipated.

I rang the bell at Helen's practice and she answered the door immediately.

'Come in,' she said and preceded me into the hallway. She wore the white garment she always wore when she was treating me, but as I walked behind her I saw no outline of underwear, like I always used to.

When she stopped at the door of the changing room and turned around, I could see her nipples through the white cloth. She was naked underneath her white dress.

She smiled as she saw me looking at her body.

'There is something I would like to ask you,' she said. 'I have a sister, who is just a little bit older than I am. She is staying with me at the moment and she would be interested to witness one of my sessions. I think, that this session with you might be of particular interest to her. Would you mind if she came in and looked?'

I was dumbfounded. What was the meaning behind this? One moment I thought we were going to have a steaming massage session, next moment the older sister wants to sit in.

'Please, be my guest,' I answered. 'If she thinks it worth her while, show her in.'

Helen closed the door of the changing room behind me and I shed my clothes. Then I stepped out of the small room and into the massage room.

The massage table stood ready and when I approached it, the door opened and in came Helen and what must be her sister, a woman of nearly fifty years, about as tall as Helen and with a big and firm bust. It was more than obvious that she also was not wearing anything under her pale see-through dress.

The woman shook my hand and introduced herself as Marian, Helen's sister.

Helen pointed to the table and said: 'Would you lie down on your belly, please.'

I obeyed.

Helen tempered the lights in the room and after some more preparations I felt her soft hand touch my neck, which she started to massage in the way she had been doing during the last three weeks. After just a few strokes I felt another pair of hands touching my ankles and starting the massage of my legs. So much for just looking, I thought.

The woman that was massaging my neck stepped to the head of the table and stood right in front of me. I looked slightly up and got the shock of my life: Helen was standing there and she was stark naked. The shock I had translated itself immediately in a huge erection, that caused my cock to swell painfully as I lay on my stomach.

I felt Marian's fingers touching my left side and she said gently: 'Push yourself up a little.' As I did what she asked, she took hold of my rock-hard pole and bent it so that it pointed towards my feet. Then she made me lie down again, with my penis now stretched out between my legs. It was still a bit painful, but it excited me enormously to know, that my erection was so clearly visible for her. Marian spread my legs a little and resumed her massage, working upwards along my calves, while Helen continued her ministrations on my neck and shoulders. My next surprise came, as I felt Marian bend over my legs and softly, softly trace her tits over the back of my legs. I felt her nipples travel along my legs, all the way to my buttocks; then it stopped and Marina's hands went to work again.

All the time my cock was as hard as a rock, but neither of the ladies touched it, although they came very close as their hands travelled up my legs and thighs or down my back and buttocks. Then both of them started to work on my buttocks, each taking care of one globe of flesh and squeezing and kneading it. Of course every now and then a finger or two or three would slip into the crack of my ass, causing me to moan and to feel my dick getting even harder every time. The ladies did not talk, but only massaged me as expertly as I had ever been massaged. Again simultaneously they abandoned my buttocks and my ass and concentrated on my upper thighs and my balls. I felt one of them take a hold of my sac and squeeze and massage it, rolling my testicles around and stretching my sac by pulling on it. It was delicious, even as it came very close to causing pain. At the same time two hands vigorously massaged my thighs, while in the process the backs of those hands brushed my outstretched dick.

I moaned and said: 'If you keep doing that a bit longer, I am going to cum. Not that I would mind, I assure you.'

'Okay, turn over', said Helen.

I did as she had told me and lay on my back.

Helen came and stood close to my head and massaged the front side of my shoulders so that I got a good look at Marian. She was gorgeous, all woman, enough muscle to have a finely sculpted frame and with big, firm breasts. She smiled at me and approached me. 

'So you were going to cum,' she said. 'Let me have your sperm then, please.'

Then she bent over me and opened her mouth to suck the head of my stiff penis. With her hand she took hold of my dick and squeezed the base of it. She let her tongue wander over my glans, explored my piss-hole and all that time she maintained eye contact with me. It made me extremely horny.

'Okay, Marian, suck him dry,' Helen commanded from her position near my head.

Marian obeyed and started sucking me in earnest. It took only four strokes of her delicious lips for me to explode. I unloaded a huge quantity of semen into her eager mouth. I watched her swallow it, but apparently not all of it, for as she straightened up, she went to her sister Helen and kissed her deeply, thus exchanging some of my produce with her.

My breathing returned to normal and I looked around.

The women stood next to the table and smiled at me.

'That was nice for a first round,' said Marian.

Helen just smiled and looked at me. 'How long will it take you to get ready for round two?' she asked me.

'That will largely depend on you,', I answered, 'but if I am allowed to administer round two by other means than my cock, you can rely on my tongue, lips, fingers…..'

'Excellent idea!' said Helen. 'Marian, why don't you lie down on the table and let Eric show us what other means of satisfaction he has at his disposal.'

I stood up from the table and Marian took my place. I grabbed the bottle of massage oil and poured some of it in the palm of my hand. Then I proceeded to massage Marian's feet and calves, quickly extending to the knees and thighs. Helen stood behind her sister's head and massaged her skull and from there caressed her cheeks and the upper slopes of her breasts. Marian sighed and I let my hands wander on the insides of her luscious thighs, where I reached the thick bush of copper coloured hair that covered her mons. At he same moment that I extended my massaging movements over her labia and clitoris, Helen bent over her sister and took one of her nipples between her lips. As she sucked on it, I stimulated Marian's labia and flicked her clit with my index fingers. Marian moaned: 'Jesus, this is so gooooooood! Please, go on! Yesssssssssssss!' She hissed and lifted her hips from the massage table. I placed my hands under her buttocks and dove between her legs. My outstretched tongue slipped between her hot lips and her coarse pubic hair tickled my nose. I licked her cunt and nibbled on her clitoris, while her moaning increased in volume and reached a higher pitch with every new lick from my tongue. Then her body went rigid and she had a massive orgasm, complete with a copious stream of sweet love juices that filled my mouth. I maintained the contact between my mouth and her cunt as I gently lowered her now limp body on the table. I surfaced from between her legs and was met by Helen who embraced me and gave me a deep French kiss, which allowed her to get a fair sample of her sister's cum.

'Delicious', she stated simply. At the same time her hand grabbed my penis, that had become hard again during this exciting exercise. She smiled happily as she sank to her knees and enveloped my hot member in her mouth. I felt her tongue swirling around the head of my cock that became really rock hard in the process.

Marian had recovered enough to sit up on the massage table. She looked me in the eye and said: 'You suck an excellent pussy, little man. Why don't you use that nasty cock of yours to fuck my sister's brains out and then do the same to me?' Having said that she got up from the massage table and grabbed Helen's arm. Helen let go of my dick, that slipped out of her mouth with an audible plop and let herself be guided onto the table. Marian laid her on her back, then spread her legs and kissed her sister's cunt softly and sweetly.

Helen groaned and made movements towards Marian's mouth.

Marian smiled and backed off.

'No, dear sis,', she said, 'now is the time to fuck. Our dear friend Eric here has this baseball bat ready to give you a home run.' She motioned me to get on the table between Helen's legs. As I manoeuvred myself in position, she took hold of my now throbbing member and guided me to Helen's waiting, red-hot love tunnel.

I thrust forward and slipped in Helen's cunt in one swift and smooth movement. Marian took hold of my balls and used her grip to direct my movements in and out of her sister's moist vagina.

'Yes, fuck her! Make her cum!' she encouraged me, at the same time squeezing my sac and pushing and pulling me as I pumped my stiff rod into her sister's steaming love-hole.

Apparently the whole scene had made Helen more that a little horny, for it took no more than five or six thrusts from me to cause her to buck and scream.

'O my God, oh, yes, yessssss, I'm…………….yes, yes, oh God!!!' and then she came and squirted a quart of hot female cum over my cock, my sac and over her sister's hand. Marian let go of my sac and brought her wet fingers to her mouth. She licked her sister's cum from her hand.

'You taste good, sis,' she whispered.

I slowly withdrew slowly from Helen's dripping cunt and climbed down from the massage table.

Marian took my place, that is to say, she stood before Helen's widespread legs, bent forward and placed her delicious lips on the vagina of her sister. She did not lick her cunt-lips or her clit, but just maintained contact. I enjoyed the view of the two mature women, one lying on her back, eyes closed and moaning softly, and the other, bent forward, magnificent breasts hanging down and her face buried in her sister's pussy.

Then I approached Marian's magnificent behind, placed myself behind her and allowed my rigid member to touch her vaginal lips. They were hot and moist and the head of my cock slipped in between them with ease.

Marian spread her legs just a little, allowing me to enter her, but still providing the feel of a very tight love canal. I took over a minute to push my entire length into her, then withdrew at the same pace.

But then I drove it in again in one thrust and continued to pump her with force and speed.

I felt how each thrust of my cock into her was causing a similar movement of her mouth onto Helen's vagina. I increased the speed of my thrusts and was quite happy to hear the two women cry out together as they reached their orgasmic peaks. At that moment I allowed myself to release a torrent of boiling semen into Marian's hot tunnel.

During a couple of minutes there was no other sound than that of our breathings, that were gradually getting back to normal. I felt Marian's cunt muscles gripping my deflating penis, but she couldn't prevent it from slipping out of her. She straightened herself and allowed a stream of juices to run down her thighs. Helen also got up from the massage-table.

The air was thick with the smell of semen and pussy juice.

We all smiled at each other. Helen broke the silence.

'I think a shower is what we all want right now,' she said.

Marian and I nodded in agreement.

Helen led us to he showers that were installed in the back of the building. We opened to the taps and used the two streams of hot water to refresh ourselves. Helen got hold of two sponges and handed one to Marian. She took a plastic bottle of liquid soap and put a lavish amount of it on the two sponges. Then the two sisters proceeded to wash me, front, back, legs, arms, butt, sac, and penis. Then Marian took one of the showerheads out of its holder and rinsed me. I felt completely clean and invigorated.

I stepped back. Helen took the bottle of soap again and squirted a glob of the soft liquid on her breasts. The she looked at Marian and embraced her sister. Their superb tits and bellies rubbed together in a slippery hug. I grabbed the showerhead from Marian's hand and one of the sponges that had fallen on the floor. While the two women kissed and rubbed their bodies together I washed their backs and legs and everything I could reach. After washing them both I knelt down on the floor of the shower stall and adjusted the showerhead so that it produced a thinner and harder jet of water. I aimed it at the two pussies that were grinding into each other. The two sisters spread their legs and I directed the water at their protruding clits. It took about a minute of this play before I could hear them moaning into each other's mouth and almost simultaneously they stiffened and came hard. They each had a long and strong orgasm that subsided as I gradually stopped stimulating them and put the showerhead back into its holder. We turned the water off and for the first time since we entered the shower we spoke.

'Well, that was awesome,' I sighed.

Marian smiled and answered: 'It was great. I haven't cum like that in ages.'

Helen sighed and kissed me and then Marian.

'Thank you both', she said. 

We towelled each other off and Helen led us to a small sitting room, where Marian and I sat down on a couch.

Helen fetched us some fruit juice and we all sat back and enjoyed the deep feeling of satisfaction that this sex filled afternoon was giving us.

'Have you got an impression of a massage session now?' asked Helen and Marian nodded.

'Yes, I think I understand how it is done,' she laughed. 'I trust this was one of the more elaborate versions?'

The two sisters laughed at the suggestion that things went always this way.

I felt exhilarated sitting there naked with these two beauties in the aftermath of our suck and fuckfest.

After some ten minutes the sexual tension had vanished completely and we were getting up to leave Helen's practice.

I dressed in the small room where I had left my clothes and was met by the two ladies in the small sitting room. Marian was also fully dressed, but Helen had just donned a robe.

'I'll just clean up and get things ready for next working week,' she said.

Marian and I kissed her goodbye and left.

Out on the street I saw that it was six o'clock and I asked Marian if she wanted to go out for drinks and maybe dinner. She looked at me in genuine surprise.

'Do you mean that?' she asked.

'Sure. I think you're a lovely lady and I don't mind to do things in reverse order. I mean, usually I would wine and dine you first and then become more intimate, but why not eat and drink after having had tremendous sex,' I joked.

She looked me straight in the eye and said: 'There is also the possibility of more great sex after dinner or are you exhausted after this afternoon's events?' While saying this she put her hand on the front of my trousers and felt my member starting to swell again. Marian smiled and murmured: 'I take that to be a 'no' to the question of exhaustion.'

So we went into town and entered a small bar that I go to now and then.

I ordered us drinks and some snacks and we sat down in a booth that was remote enough to allow us some privacy.

'Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?' I asked.

'Please do,' came Marian's answer.

'Have you and your sister always had sex?'

Her answer completely surprised me.

'No, this was the first time. I happened to talk to her yesterday and she confessed that she was going to give one of her more attractive clients a special session, as she called it. She said that you had had erections during her normal treatments and that the thought of fucking you had turned her on so much that she had decided to go a bit further with you. I asked if she had done such a thing before and she said no. The whole idea made me so horny that I asked her if I could join her and you.'

As she talked she put her hand on my thigh and squeezed lightly.
