 MasterPC 7: David Hires a New Assistant and Plays a Round of Golf

In a down economy any job posting is going to get a lot of applicants, most of whom are not even remotely qualified for the job they're seeking. Desperate people do crazy things. After Heather left my employ to elope with a former client, I'd spent weeks seeking a replacement. I did, after all, have a business to run, and it was tough to do it without any help. 

I called a temp agency and they sent someone to help with filing, answering phones, etc. But I didn't feel that it was appropriate to ask a temp to do some of the other things that Heather did around the office, like suck my cock, fuck me once or twice a day, and generally brighten up the place. The truth was, I missed my little slut puppy. Of course I had no one to blame but myself for her departure.

So, I was still sifting through applications. I'd whittled the number down to four -- three women and one man. Two of the women were 20-somethings fresh out of business school. The man was a retired CPA whose 401K had tanked. The fourth, a woman named Julia was a widow who'd gone back to school after her children grew up and moved away. She'd studied Marketing and Business Administration. I was intrigued by this woman. Her name was Julia.

She was last on my interview list. She was prompt -- a lost virtue for Generation Y. We were set to meet in my office at 10:00 a.m., and she walked through the front door of A2Z Consulting at 9:59 a.m. 

"Hi, I'm Julia Adams," she said, smiling and extending her hand.

"Nice to meet you Julia, I'm David Donaldson," I replied. Her hand shake was firm, her skin soft to the touch. Her smile was the 100 kilowatt variety that lit up the room. I liked her already. 

"Come on in and have a seat," I said leading the way into my inner sanctum. I directed Julia to my conference table. She sat and I took the next chair rather than the opposite chair. If she noticed this she gave no indication.

I won't bore you with the details of the interview. You've all been there I'm sure. My questions were the same ones that almost every interviewer asks a prospective employee. But, I need to tell you about Julia. Long blond hair and blue eyes; nice healthy tan; she'd had some work done but whoever did it had been really good. She had a nice set of tits, well-disguised by a tailored pant suit. Her jewelry and perfume were understated but obviously of high quality. Her nails were expertly manicured. Her makeup looked professionally applied. Her perfume was subtle but present. She was about 5-6 or so with nice long legs. I hadn't had a chance to check out her ass yet, but I was willing to bet that it went nicely with the rest of the package. She looked like money. She also looked like a lot of fun. We were soon laughing and sharing life stories like we'd known each other for years. She'd made me comfortable with her within the first five minutes, and I was thinking of the effect she'd have on clients. Plus she spoke several languages including at least one Chinese dialect (Cantonese).

"Julia," I asked, "why do you want this job?" 

"I'm bored. I want to do something with my life. I was a good wife to my late husband and a good mother to my children. I didn't work outside the home while they were living with us, and I was satisfied with that. Now, they've moved on with their lives, and I'm alone. I have an education. I have talent. I have energy. I want to work. I think I could be a good fit for you."

She certainly was easy on the eyes. I'd have to be careful with this one or face a sexual harassment suit. On the other hand, the greater the risk the greater the reward.

"When can you start? If I hire you that is."

"I could start this afternoon."

"Good. I'm generally a pretty good judge of people and I think you're the one I'm looking for. If we can agree on a salary, I'd like you to start tomorrow."

"You won't regret this Mr. Donaldson," she said, smiling her killer smile.

We talked about her salary -- and came to an agreement -- and discussed hours, travel requirements and my likes and dislikes in terms of office behavior and dress code. I dress up for work and I expect my staff, such as it is, to do the same. She had no problem with that.

"What you have on today is perfect, Julia," I said, complimenting her attire.

"You like this then?" she said doing a slow 360 in front of me. What a fine ass and outstanding pair of legs. Damn. I could really have some fun with a woman like this.

"Absolutely," I said with perhaps just a little too much enthusiasm. She gave me a sly smile.

"Be here tomorrow at 9," I said as I escorted her to the door.

"Yes sir," she said tossing off a mock salute on her way out.

She was on my mind for the rest of the day as I wrote letters to the other candidates letting them know I'd selected someone else for the job, made phone calls to some prospective clients and some who had me on retainer.

I knocked off work early and drove over to the local golf course. I was meeting a prospective client and his wife for a round of golf and a discussion of what I might do for the man's company. I do a lot of business on the golf course. I've always liked golf and having gotten myself into the best shape of my life along with some lessons, I had a handicap in the low single digits. I'd finally sprung for some custom fitted clubs and wow -- what a difference. Anyway, I got there about 30 minutes before our tee-time, hit a bucket of balls, did some putting and chipping, and talked to a few friends I saw there.

Ronald Smith was a big man. Not fat, just big. Over six feet tall, he had the broad shoulders of a linebacker or defensive tackle. He was ruggedly handsome with a deep water tan and snow white hair. I put him at around 60 or so, perhaps a year or two older. His wife, his trophy wife, was a magnificent specimen. Tall, around 5-10 was my guess, and athletic. Long legs, a trim waist, medium sized breasts, and a lovely smile. She had a mane of platinum hair that looked fantastic. Her name was Danielle. She was clearly much younger than her husband, and I doubted that she was his first wife.

They made an attractive couple, wrote the master of understatement.

"Hey, David...how's it going?"

"Pretty good so far...but the day is young."

"Have you met my wife, Danielle?"

"I don't think I've had the pleasure," I said, taking her hand in a gentle grip.

"Danielle," Ronald said, "this is David Donaldson. I'm thinking of having his firm do a little training for us down at the shop ("the shop" being his euphemism for a multi-million dollar software enterprise).

"It's a pleasure to meet you, David. Ron has mentioned you, particularly what a good golfer you are. Maybe you could teach me a few things," Danielle said flashing me a charming smile that could have meant any number of things.

In my head an inner robot was saying "Danger Will Robinson," and I was agreeing. This woman was hot to trot or my name wasn't David Donaldson.

"It's nice to meet you too. I don't often get to meet my clients' wives," I said as we headed for the first tee to begin our game. 

"C'mere pumpkin and kiss my balls for luck," Ronald said holding out a pair of Nike's for Danielle to kiss. She did it, and though it appeared innocent, there was something about the way she did it that threatened to wake up my trouser snake.

"Would you like me to kiss your balls for luck too, David? Ronald won't mind, will you darling?"

"Of course not sugar plum. You've always been free to kiss all the balls you like as long as I can watch."

"Well, David, are you going to give me a pair of balls to kiss ... for luck I mean?"

"What kind of fool would refuse an offer like that," I said, chuckling, trying to laugh it off and pretend it was still innocent.

I held out two of my favorite NXT's (with my company logo) and she kissed them. That was one hell of a kiss. Trouser snake was wide awake now and rattling the bars of his cage. I didn't know how I was going to manage to play golf with a raging hardon the rest of the day.

Danielle was wearing very short shorts. A lot of women can't wear shorts like that. On her, however, they looked marvelous. Everything she had on accentuated her body's best features. If Ronald was counting on using her for a distraction so that he could beat me at golf, it was working. My normal draw became a sharp hook into the rough on the left hand side of the first fairway. Ronald and Danielle hit drives down the middle. They were in a cart and I was walking. I went to my ball and tried to concentrate on the shot. I had a decent lie and was able to hit a five iron to the apron of the green -- I could putt from there.

Ronald ended up in a sand trap to the left of the green. Danielle played her approach just a little short. I putted to within about a foot of the hole and tapped in for a par. Ronald needed an extra stroke out of the sand. Danielle's par putt rimmed out for a bogey 5. I'd gotten lucky there.

On the next hole, a long dog leg left par 5, I tried to cut the corner and shorten the hole. Normally that would have worked -- I'd done it lots of times -- but this time I pulled it a little. My ball started out looking good, but slowly curled to the left and appeared to end up in an area of shrubs and tall grass. After Ronald and Danielle hit their drives, I went to look for mine, hoping that I'd find it -- I didn't want to lose a stroke to something dumb like a lost ball. I thought nothing of it when Danielle offered to help me find it.

"That's OK, I can manage," I replied.

"Two heads are better than one, isn't that right darling," Danielle cooed to her hubby.

"Head's always good, babe," he said, laughing at his double entendre.

"Suit yourself," I said, trudging off into the wilderness.

Danielle caught up to me and matched my stride. It had been a while since I'd been with a woman who apparently had the same inseam as mine. It was a bit disconcerting. So was her lack of respect for my personal space. She stuck as close to me as a tick.

"I think it went into these bushes," I said, pointing to a clump of buckthorn. If it was really in there it would be nearly impossible to get out. I might end up having to take a penalty for an unplayable lie and still be hitting out of the rough. Oh well -- I wanted to lose the round to Ronald anyway. Once I'd landed him as a client, I'd show him what a 5 handicap looked like.

There was a break in the clump of shrubbery and we made our way through it. There was, amazingly enough, a small clear space in the hedge which wasn't visible from the tee box or even from ten feet away.

"Isn't this cozy," Danielle said as she wrapped her arms around me and gave me a big, wet, passionate, kiss. I was momentarily stunned, but my body seemed to know what to do even if my brain hadn't caught up yet. My arms went around her on reflex and I returned the kiss. After about 30 seconds of this, Danielle stepped back and grinned at me.

"You kiss very well, David," she said, her eyes dancing with mischief. "I'm going to have to see more of you. If what Ronald told me about you is true, I'm definitely going to want to get to know you better."

OK, I got it now. She'd heard about old Mr. Johnson and wanted a sample. It sounded like Ronald wouldn't mind either as long as he got to watch. Well, it wouldn't be a mercy fuck, that's for sure.

"Only one way to find out the truth," I said, unzipping my pants and hauling out the prize.

"Oh. My. God." Danielle breathed. "It's huge."

"Wait until you see it hard," I said, feeling proud of myself.

"Mmmmm...I will see it hard, won't I?"

"Kiss me like that again and you sure will."

"Later. We'd better find your ball and get back to the game," she said, laughing.

I put myself back together and we looked for the ball, finding it, amazingly enough, in a place where I could actually play a shot, albeit not a good one. I hit a pitching wedge back out to the fairway and was now just slightly behind the place where Ronald's drive had gone and a little ahead of Danielle's.

"Found it, eh?" Ronald asked.

"I sure did, darling," Danielle said, sweetly.

I won't bore you with the details of the rest of the round, except to say that Danielle managed to make body contact with me as often as she could. She wasn't too subtle about it. I played the rest of the round with a constant hardon and my score showed it. Ronald beat me by three strokes, which he was pretty happy about.

"C'mon over to the house for a drink and a little business talk," Ronald said.

"Oh, yes, please come over to the house," Danielle added sweetly, turning her most seductive gaze on me.

"What a wonderful idea," I said, looking right at Danielle's tits.

I took out my cell phone and called home, leaving voice mail indicating that I would be late as I was with a client. This was a frequent enough occurrence that it was not out of the ordinary.

I followed Ronald and Danielle, or Dani as she liked to be called, back to their "McMansion" not far from the golf course. Their Jag went into the spacious garage and I left the Caddy in the driveway, following them through the garage (three cars wide, two deep) and through a laundry room into the kitchen. Wow -- what a kitchen. Someone here clearly liked to cook and knew how to organize a space.

"Nice," I said.

"Do you like it?" Ronald asked. "Danielle designed it herself. She's a gourmet chef and has gone to all sorts of cooking schools."

"I cook a little myself. I'd love to have a setup like this," I said, thinking that I'd have to start making more money to afford a house like this one -- I intended to pay cash for my next house.

"Well I don't know about you gentlemen, but I need a shower," Danielle announced.

"Great idea hunny bunny -- let's all take one. C'mon David. This'll be fun," Ronald said, clapping me on the back in comradely good fellowship. 

This was starting to get interesting. We went down stairs through a rec-room type area with an 8 foot pool table, wet bar, and a huge HDTV. There was other stuff, but I didn't get time to do much looking. We passed into another room that was set up as a home gym (home gym on steroids), and off of that was a locker room. As soon as we got there, Ronald and Danielle started stripping. I followed their lead and soon we were all naked. Ronald had certainly made use of the gym -- his body was in great shape. I saw him checking me out and noted that my cock was, by far, the larger of the two. Then I turned my attention to Danielle.

Wow. That doesn't do it justice. Her body was everything that her golf outfit had promised. And, no tan lines -- I guessed that there was a tanning bed somewhere in the house. My cock was instantly erect and I saw Danielle staring at it.

"Oh, my," she said.

"I think David will be our new best friend, eh Dani?"

"Oh, my," Danielle said, again. I thought I might blush.

"Let's hit the shower," Ronald said, leading us through another doorway into a kind of group shower space about twelve feet square. Multiple shower heads, dispensers for shampoo and soap, several back brushes and assorted other shower items were conveniently located all over the place. It was amazing. I wanted one of these too.

"Wow. This is amazing," I said.

"Watch this," Ronald said, moving to a wall panel with some sort of touch pad on it. He pressed a button and water began flowing from all of the shower heads. He tapped the pad again, making some sort of adjustment. 

David felt the warm water spraying him from multiple angles. It felt good after the 18 holes of golf. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of the water against his skin. He'd almost forgotten where he was when a pair of slippery hands began soaping his chest from behind. The breasts pressing into his back suggested that he was being washed by Dani. He kept his eyes closed and enjoyed her ministrations. She reached around him and started soaping his cock

"Oooooo...look honey," she cooed. "It's a big one. Do you want to watch me fuck this big cock baby? Do you want to see it sliding in and out of my little pussy?"

"You know I do sweet cheeks. I love watching you get fucked. It's almost as good as fucking you myself, only not as much work," Ronald said, laughing. 

He was sitting on a bench against one wall of the shower room, stroking his cock and watching us with an intensity that I found almost creepy. Or, I would have if my brain had been getting enough blood for coherent thought. Between Dani's soapy tits against my back and her soft soapy hands sliding up and down my cock, my brain was not getting its normal blood supply and my thought processes were a bit slow. One part of my brain that managed to eek out a coherent thought made a note to address this issue via the MasterPC at the next opportunity. Perhaps I'd have to increase my overall blood supply or something the way marathon runners used to do back in the days before testing. But I digress.

Dani led me, by my cock, over to the bench where Ronald was sitting still stroking his junk. She got on her knees next to him, put her mouth on his cock and started sucking. This left her lovely heart shaped ass pointing right at me. Ronald pointed at it and my cock and I didn't need a translator to figure out that he wanted me to play hide the salami with his wife. I took the hint, straddled the bench behind Dani, and slid my big old Johnson right up into her cookie. I didn't slam it in, but I pushed until I had as much inside her as I thought would fit for now. She was tight -- at least she was tight for now -- and her wet walls clung to me like lampreys on a lake trout. 

I held myself inside her for a few moments just enjoying the wonderful feeling of having my cock surrounded by all that warm, wet, girlflesh. Then I went to work. Ronald wanted to see his wife get fucked so I fucked her. Boy did I fuck her. In less than a minute, she was screaming around Ronald's cock. Ronald was holding Dani's head in his powerful hands and moving her face up and down on his dick with some force. This was a game that they'd played before, obviously, and she was not in any distress. From the way her pussy was flexing on my dick she had to be in a continuous state of orgasm.

Ronald was watching me fuck his wife with a rather curious expression on his face. His eyes were on me but his mind was somewhere a long ways off. It was like he was on drugs or something. I didn't think much about it (or anything else except my dick in Danny's pussy) at the time, but later I wondered what was up with this freak. After about five minutes, Ronald groaned and his hips heaved up off the bench, burying his dick in Dani's throat. I could see her swallowing repeatedly and I assumed that Ronald was blowing his load of nut sauce directly into Dani's gullet. His hands feel to the side and Dani raised her head, the last drops of her hubby's semen on her lips as they came away from his now rapidly wilting cock.

Ronald stood up rinsed off and walked toward the door of the shower room, tossing off a "fuck her all you like, Dave. Bang her like a cheap drum. She's a great cock sucker -- make sure she blows you before you leave."

And that was that. I was now alone with a potential client's wife, my cock buried balls deep in her pussy, and he was just walking away. This required an explanation.

Dani sensed my confusion. She moved forward, pulling herself off of my still rampant charger. She turned around and sat on the bench. I sat down next to her.

"Want to fill me in here? Where'd Ronald go?"

"Oh, he's gone upstairs to get dressed, then he'll go into his study and 'work' (I could hear the quotation marks fall around the word) until it's time to go to bed. He'll grab a sandwich or something in the kitchen on the way. But he meant what he said -- we're free to do whatever we like for the rest of the evening."
