 An old friend came to visit me in New York this weekend (we'll call him D), and he brought his girlfriend with him (Ann, say). They've only been dating a few months and I'd never met her, but we all got along great.

Last night we stayed at my place and drank beer. The conversation soon turned to sex, and Ann told me she and D have been reading my blog quite a bit. She told me it has really been turning them on, and that they've incorporated things from it into their sex lately. D got sort of embarrassed, but admitted that it was true.

Ann told me that they've started masturbating in front of each other, and have found it really satisfying. "It's totally hot," she said leaning toward me, getting excited. "We wanna try it with a group next, right baby?"

"Go ahead and ask him," D said, not looking at me.

Ann laughed. She fell right on the line between being completely confident sexually and slightly bashful. The mix was totally hot, but I liked the confident half better. "So yeah. I... we... wanted to ask you if you'd wanna give it a try," She said, giving me an expectant grin. "Masturbating together with me and D."

I was a little shocked. I'd just met this girl and she was inviting me into her and D's sex life. "Yeah, I'd be into that," I said, trying to sound casual. I was excited by this idea — I'd never masturbated with a couple. "When do you wanna do it?"

"I'm feeling pretty damn horny right now," Ann said, giving D a look. "How about you guys?"

D and I both said we'd be up for it. He gave me a shrug, as to say, "Why the hell not?" Ann suggested that we all get naked, to get things started, and she stood up and unbuttoned her jeans. D and I sat and stared. "You can't just watch me," she said. "You have to take off your clothes too!" We stood up and slowly began to undress. By the time we were down to our boxers, Ann was completely naked, standing in front of us. I raised my eyebrows at D and told Ann she looked beautiful naked. I stepped out of my boxers and sat back down on the couch looking at Ann, still standing in front of us.

"D, your girlfriend is gorgeous," I said. He was sitting next to me on the couch. "She has such a nice body." I was beginning to get a hardon staring at Ann's body, thinking about the situation I was in.

"Yeah," D said. His cock was beginning to harden as well, and he was stroking it softly.

Ann was looking at my growing erection, biting her lower lip. "Something's turning him on," she said to D. "I wonder if I've got anything to do with it?" She narrowed her eyes flirtatiously at me and ran her hands over her round, soft, c-cup breasts. "Or maybe it's these?" She said, squeezing them gently. I was fully hard now, and I'd taken my cock into my hand and was stroking it slowly. "Mmm, I want you two to play with your dicks while you watch me for a few minutes," Ann said, running her hands down over her stomach and to her thighs. D was hard too and he was rubbing the length of his big cock slowly and deliberately.

"I want you guys to look at each other's hardons," she said firmly. "And tell each other what you think of it." She was standing over us now, smiling a devilish smile.

D looked over at my cock in my hand and said, "Yours is nice and big. I like how your balls are shaved, it makes your dick look bigger." He laughed at the silliness of complementing his good friend on his cock.

Ann looked to me. "Yours is nice and big too. It's really fat, I'm sure Ann likes that," I said, unable to think of anything else to say. I laughed.

Ann walked across the room and D and I watched her round butt as she sauntered over. We exchanged glances and looked back at her, now sitting in a chair facing us. "You're seriously a lucky man," I said. "Her body is amazing. Nice big tits, that smooth ass, you two must have a good time together."

Ann spread her legs for us and began to caress her pussy. "I'm so fucking turned on by this," she said with her eyes closed. "I want you both to watch me rub myself." We watched her fingers glide over her lips, pushing them from side to side, and I watched her breasts jiggle as she adjusted herself in the chair. D and I both were jacking off at a good pace now, and he glanced over at my erection.

"Does that feel good," he asked, the way you'd ask someone you're fucking. "You like rubbing your big cock while you watch my girlfriend play with her pussy?" He was horny, and the words came out more as grunts. His hand was flying up and down the length of his cock and his balls were thumping rhythmically against the couch. I was torn between watching the raw sexuality of him beating off and the soft beauty of his girlfriend stroking herself.

Ann had slipped her finger inside of herself and was working on her clit with her other hand. She was moaning now, saying our names softly, telling us to keep watching her. I groaned as I increased my speed and rubbed my balls softly with my other hand. "You guys are turning me on so much right now," I said. "Watching you masturbate is making my cock so fucking hard!" Ann opened her eyes and smiled at me. I wanted to kiss her; the openness of her masturbating in front of me and her boyfriend was so beautiful.

"I'm gonna come sit with you guys so we can all cum together," she said, standing up and walking over to the couch. "Make some room." Ann sat between us with her legs spread, the sides of her knees resting on our thighs. The contact with her and the closeness of her body gave me a warm rush that started in my legs and went straight to my balls. I looked down at her tits and whispered that she was so fucking hot. She resumed masturbating, and as she moved her hips her soft leg rubbed against my thigh, so close to my throbbing cock. I went back to rubbing myself, and with every stroke my hand brushed her leg. She smiled at me. "Mmm, keep rubbing your cock," she said softly.

I could feel an orgasm coming, and I asked D if he was going to cum too. "Yeah, pretty soon," he said. "Let's try to cum together." I slowed my pace slightly and asked Ann how close she was.

"I'm getting there," she said. "Gimme just a sec. Watch me for a sec." She rubbed her clit faster and clenched her eyes shut, focused on bringing herself to orgasm. Her other hand was squeezing one of her breasts, and she was moaning loud now. D and I paced ourselves, enjoying that precipitous ledge where one good pump would propel us into full on orgasms. I was so close to cumming, and I wanted Ann to watch me.

Just at that moment, she opened her eyes and moaned, "Oh fuck guys! I'm gonna cum. Oh holy fuck!" D and I started pumping our cocks hard and with a grunt he told us that he was going to cum soon.

"Oh god, I'm gonna cum too guys!" I groaned. "Watch me cum Ann, I want you to watch me." Her tits were bouncing and her leg was grinding against mine as we both tipped ourselves over the edge into orgasm. She looked up at me with wide, begging eyes and then back down at my cock as I felt myself exploding. My cum shot out and landed right on the inside of her thigh.

"Jesus that's fucking beautiful!" She moaned. D was cumming now too, and I watched him squeeze his cock and cum all over Ann's soft stomach — right where he was aiming.

Ann stared at the hot cum on her leg and stomach and laughed, putting her arm around me and kissing me on the cheek. She kissed D hard on the mouth and told us that she was thoroughly satisfied. I looked at D and said I was too. "Thanks guys," I said. "Let's be sure to do this again sometime."

"Fuck yeah," said Ann. Fuck yeah.