 On my twenty first birthday I was a nerdy virgin who had never had a boyfriend. I had little self-confidence, a wardrobe of sweatshirts and jeans, glasses as thick as the bottom of coke bottles, braces on my teeth and no money in the bank. A year later the braces were gone, the glasses were gone, I had a designer wardrobe most women would kill for, an expensive sports car, a six figure bank account and an attitude of self-assurance that I know will carry me through life and allow me to achieve whatever I want. This is my story. The story of how I became The Math Slut. 

A drunken driver killed my father when I was eleven years old. My mother never remarried and raised me on her salary as a math teacher at the local high school. As an only child my mother had high expectations of me. By my senior year I was a National Merit Scholar hoping for a scholarship that would allow me to attend one of the Ivy League schools so that I could one day be a professor of mathematics. Money was tight, so when I got into the school of my choice with a small scholarship, I was determined not to fail my mother or myself. 

It all started so innocently the second half of my sophomore year. I was taking a statistics course that was also a requirement for graduation for political science majors. The professor graded on a strict curve. I scored the possible on the first test and was the only A in the class. If you grade on a strict curve that means that there has to be at least one F on the exam as well. I gave it little thought. When I scored the only A on the second exam the professor commented as he passed back the papers that I had scored the only A and that another student, who would remain unnamed, had once again scored the only F and that I was setting a high standard for the class.

After class I was stopped in the hall by Brian Atherton a second semester senior frat rat (he was president of the most prestigious fraternity on campus) who had never so much as said hello to me before. He explained that he had to pass stat to graduate and that he would be willing to pay me fifteen dollars an hour to tutor him. My immediate response was that I did not have the time. I worked in the library Monday, Wednesday, Friday and weekend mornings to help pay my college expenses. I could tell that he was use to getting his way when he immediately said, "Ok, twenty-five an hour on Tuesdays and Thursday nights."

I thought twenty-five dollars an hour would mean that after six sessions I could afford the contact lenses I wanted so I said yes. My roommate in the dorm had a night class Tuesdays and Thursdays from 6 to 8 so we decided that would be when I would tutor him. 

The first night I suggested we review the two tests he had failed to see what he did not know. Brian said that the whole situation of the two F's was embarrassing to him and could we work in my room and not the dorm study hall. After the first hour I realized that he had a real problem. Mathematics and Statistics are cumulative. If you don't get the basics in the beginning you will be completely lost. I explained to him that he was too far behind and should drop the class. That was when he told me he had taken the class twice before and dropped it. That he must have the class to graduate and that his father had a job lined up for him in an embassy in France. When I told him that I thought you had to pass the Foreign Service exam he just smiled and smugly said, "My father is a Democratic Representative in Congress, it doesn't matter what I score on the exam as long as I have a bachelors in political science." When I asked if he spoke any French his response was that he and his family had vacationed there many times and that he would pick-up what he needed to get by and that his father could get any language requirements waived, but he had to have the degree. At that point, I decided that I did not care whether the spoiled brat wasted his money or not.


By our fourth session Brian was making some headway, but I still thought he had little chance of passing the course. When I suggested that we consider more than the four hours a week and that I could find time on Saturday and Sunday afternoons, when I was done at the library, he told me that he could only do that every other weekend because his fiancée was going to school in the next state and he drove over to see her every other weekend. 

Before our next session I got my braces off and Brian surprised me when he noticed and told me I had a pretty smile. At the end of our session he put his hand on my arm and thanked me for all that I was doing for him. Although I still thought he was a spoiled brat, I felt an electric shock shoot down to the bottom of my stomach when he touched me. Pure and simple, Brian was the best looking guy I had ever interacted with and he seemed to take an interest in me and I was beginning to have mixed feelings about him.

That weekend I got my gas permeable lenses (probabilities of adverse side effects were the lowest with gas permeable lenses and the price was right too). My eyes are hazel and when the optometrist had suggested a green tint. The effect was remarkable. I even noticed it before the optometrist pointed it out. I have red hair and am very fair; the lenses made my eyes a deep iridescent green. I went straight from the optometrist's office to the best hair parlor in town and got my hair cut shorter in a stylish layered look that, I had to admit, made me look like a different person with the contacts and no braces.

I felt so good about my appearance that I borrowed a tank top from my roommate's closet and put on one of her mini skirts before Brian came over for his session that night. I always knew that I had a better body than 9 out of every 10 girls, but felt that my nerdy look from the neck up offset my shapely legs, tight butt, flat stomach and perky breasts. With the thick glasses gone, the braces gone and the shorter layered haircut I had to admit that I looked hot. Hotter than just about any girl on campus, but then my old feelings of inadequacy crept back and I had just decided to change back into one of my shapeless outfits when Brian knocked on my door. When I opened the door he said, "Shelley, is that you?"

I smiled and said, "I guess so."

"Wow," he said, "I never realized you were so beautiful!" 

When he said that I turned beet red, choked up, bit my bottom lip and turned away from him. I don't know why, but I began to cry. The next thing I knew we were in each other's arms and kissing. I could feel his hands on my neck as his tongue slid into my mouth and my knees began to buckle. It was my first kiss and I thought I was going to faint. Brian lowered me down unto my bed and knelt on the floor beside me. He continued to kiss me while he rubbed the sides of my breasts through the tank top. My nipples were so ridged that they actually hurt. When his hands slid under my tank top and he deftly unfasten my bra I began to quiver. When I felt his hands brush over my naked nipples I could feel the wetness soaking through my panties. Then I felt the cool air on my breasts and I opened my eyes and realized that Brian had rolled my tank top up around my neck and taken my bra totally off. Brian looked into my eyes and smiled before licking first my left nipple and than my right nipple. My breasts felt like they were going to explode! I closed my eyes again and put my hand behind his head holding his mouth against my nipples. When his finger pressed against my soaked panties I moaned in ecstasy and spread my legs wider. When his finger slipped under my panties and started to slide into me I clamped my legs together and said, "No we can't!"

Brian said nothing, but he did remove his hand from under my panties and started kissing me again. Then he took my hand and guided it down to his cock. When I felt his hot hard cock my hand closed around it. I was amazed at how hard and smooth it was. I could feel his pulse throbbing in it. Brian was now licking my stomach below my navel and working his way lower and lower. At that point I came to my senses and I grabbed each side of his head and raised his head up and said, "Brian we have to stop! We cannot have unprotected sex!" I had a mixture of relief and regret when he said, "your right" and reached for his pants. But he wasn't reaching for his pants after all; he was looking for his wallet, where he kept a condom. I watched in fascination as he rolled it onto his cock and without another word he got up on the bed and rolled my panties down and off and then any last resistance I had was lost when he bent down and started licking me. I could feel his tongue working its way deeper and deeper inside me and I knew that I did not want him to stop. 

After I began to squirm and push myself into his face he brought his head up and kissed me full on the lips and slid his tongue into my mouth. I could taste my own juices and was sucking on his tongue when I felt a slight pain as I lost my virginity. When he began to withdraw the feeling was so intense that I practically bit his tongue off as I came up off the bed trying to keep him in me. Then, when just the tip of his penis was still in me, he began to enter me again; only this time more deeply. When he started to withdraw from me again I reached up and sank my nails into his ass cheeks and greedily pulled him back down into me, my pubic bone grinding against his. After a few minutes we were slamming our bodies into each other and then I heard Brian say, "Oh shit!" and he came. I was still slamming into him when he withdrew from me and said, "We have to stop. I came and I only have one condom." 

My response shocked me as much as it did Brian when I said, "You can't stop…not yet…please don't stop…PLEASE!" Brian said, "Look," as he tied the condom into a knot and dangled it in front of me, "This is the only one I've got."

I answered, "I don't care!"

"You can't stop now…I take the pill." Brian then said, "Yes, but what about STD's?"

I then laughed and said, "You stupid shit, couldn't you tell? I'm a virgin. I can't possibly have any diseases!"

"Well," Brian answered, "other than my fiancée I haven't been with anyone for over two years so I know that I'm safe." 

"Then for Christ sakes please come back inside me," I said.

After Brian came the second time I still wanted to go some more, but he explained to me that he was not able to. When I gave him a funny look he told me that most men were the same and that I better put some clothes on before my roommate came back from her class. As he was leaving Brian reached for his wallet to pay me; when I reminded him that I had not given him any tutoring he laughed and said, "You more than earned the money." Then he saw the look on my face and apologized.

I said, "That's ok, I can't believe that women actually get paid for it." 

He answered, "Look my little math scholar, so you don't feel like a hooker, I will pay you for your tutoring at the end of the semester and, if I pass the course with a C or better, I will double it."

I answered, "That sounds good to me, and, if I can't become a math professor do you think I could become another kind of professional?" Even while I was saying it I could not believe my daring. Brian's answer was that the problem with being a hooker, aside from STD's was that they did not get to pick the men that they slept with so I had better keep studying the math. We both laughed and before he left the dorm he said he still needed his tutoring session and that he would be in town this weekend. When I told him that we couldn't use my room this weekend because my roommate had a big midterm that she had to prepare for and I had promised her the room he suggested his room in the fraternity house. My response to his suggestion was that I didn't really feel comfortable going to the fraternity house. Brian laughed and assured me that not only were they all gentlemen sworn to discretion, but also that the place would be empty on a Saturday afternoon.

He was right. That Saturday he picked me up in his sports car and when we arrived at the fraternity house there was not a car in the lot. We went over stat for two hours preparing for the test that coming Monday. When we finished studying Brian started kissing me and I wanted him again, but said that I couldn't do it here in the fraternity house. His answer was why not? He would lock his door and besides we were the only ones there. My answer was yes, but what if someone came back to the house while we were doing it. His answer was that all the brothers were sworn to respect each others privacy and that even if we were making so much noise that is was obvious what we were doing, no one would say anything at anytime anywhere. That was all the convincing I needed. Brian's eyes widened when I said nothing as I pulled my sweater over my head and unhooked my bra. When I sat down on his bed and he walked up in front of my face and undid his belt and dropped his pants to the floor I did not hesitate, even though I had never had a cock in my mouth before, I knew what he wanted and I wanted to please him. I wanted to be the best cocksucker he had ever had. I wanted to be so good that next weekend, when he was with his fiancée he would be thinking of my mouth and how much better it was than hers.

As my mouth closed around his penis I could taste him and feel his silky hardness on my tongue and cheeks. I also knew that I had the power. That before I finished with him he would be the one begging for me not to stop this time. I started with just the crown of his penis in my mouth, licking it and then sucking on it. Then I put my incisors just behind the crown and gently tugged on his head with my teeth while licking the precum from his penis. When Brian's hands cupped my head I kept the tip of his cock in my mouth and looked up into his eyes and smiled as I took it deeper into my mouth. Then I started an up and down sucking action, each time taking his cock deeper into the back of my throat until I could feel my nose being tickled by his pubic hairs. At that point I could feel his cock get even harder and began to pulse and then Brian began to groan and his hands pulled my head into him. The first ejaculation shot into the back of my throat, the second and the third coated my tongue and the inside of my cheeks. My mouth filled with sperm, I could feel a salty feeling at the base of my nasal passage into my throat and then, for a panicked moment, I thought I was going to choke. That was when I began to swallow. I swallowed every drop of him and kept sucking until he begged me to stop because he was so sensitive that he could no longer stand the sensations. When it became obvious that Brian was not able to get hard again I was disappointed and let him know it. His response was, "Would you like me to open the door and yell for help? I think I heard someone come in." My response was, "God Brian, don't be such a shit! You know I was a virgin until last week. Don't treat me like that. You had your orgasm. I've enjoyed being together with you, but you have yet to make me cum you selfish shit!" 

"What happened to shy little Shelley?," he said. 

"Shy little Shelley would like to be treated with a little consideration. I know that you are engaged and that I am nothing more than a passing diversion for you, but please please understand, you are my first and I am more than a little vulnerable here.," was my response.

"Ok Shelley, I'm sorry. I think you deserve better and I will try to be more considerate of you in the future. Are we on for tomorrow? I need to pass that test Monday and I need your help to do it…same time same place?," he apolgized.

"Pick me up an hour earlier tomorrow; you need the extra time if you want to pass that test," I said with a smile.

The next day Brian applied himself to both the stat and to me. After we worked over the material thoroughly he worked me over thoroughly as well. Brian spent nearly an hour fondling and kissing every inch of my body. After he and I were both naked and I thought we were going to make love he slowly entered me until our pelvic bones were grinding together than he withdrew himself and said, "I think my little math scholar isn't quite ready. I think that I need to prepare the material a little more" and with that he went to the end of the bed and began to lick the inside of each ankle, working his way up each leg to the inside of my thighs. Than, after licking all around my dripping pussy lips he finally began to make love to my soaking wet pussy with his mouth and tongue. He continued to kiss my nether lips until I finally started tugging on his head to come up onto me and fill me with cock. When he came up and kissed me I could taste myself on his lips and tongue. When he entered me Brian asked me how I liked the extra attention? He told me that he could tell that my little pussy liked it by how wet she was. That I was a very naughty little Math Slut wasn't I?

I answered, "Yes, my little pussy wants to be a very bad girl."

He answered, "Oh yeah, when little Shelley gets going who knows how naughty she can be? I think you have a very capable little cunt that could take just about any size or quantity of cock when it decides to see how naughty it can be."

Then he pulled a huge rubber dildo out from under the pillow and put it in my hand and asked, "Do you think little Shelley could handle that?"

"It's too big!" I answered. 

"Oh, I don't think so," he said as he began to cum into me, "A little Brian lube juice will get you ready for it" and with that he withdrew his cock and started working the dildo into me.

When it was finally all the way in I thought it would split me apart. I could hardly breathe, but it felt so big and so good. Then he turned a switch and it began to vibrate and twist inside of me. When he put my hand on the end of it it felt like I had a log sticking out of me, but I began to slide it in and out of my cunt as I rose up off the bed to get as much into me as possible. Brian watched me and smiled and ran his index finger around my lips. I immediately grabbed his hand and started sucking on his finger while pumping the dildo into myself. Then it started. My first orgasm. Brian knew it was happening and he smiled down at me and said, "My little Math Slut is sooo naughty!"

That Monday Brian managed a D on the exam. I got a B.

When the final came the professor told us he would throw out our lowest exam grade and give us the choice if we wanted to have the final count 50% or 30%. I opted for 30% and Brian opted for 50% as it was his only chance at getting a C. We worked hard preparing for the exam (between fucking).

Four days after the exam Brian called. He was ecstatic. "How much do I owe you?" he asked. When I said $840.00 he said, "No you're wrong, I owe you $1680.00!"

"You mean…."

"Yes, I got a C!"

Brian then told me he would be over in five minutes to bring me to the fraternity house, that they were having a champagne celebration and that I was the guest of honor!

I threw on one of my roommates white cotton shirt skirts and my only thong, put on some lip stick, brushed my hair and put on some perfume and was out front as Brian pulled up in his sports car.

All 26 of the actives and four of the pledges were at the fraternity house and when I walked in they all started singing, "She's a Jolly Good Fellow." They all had bottles of champagne in their hands and when they got to the last line of the song they shook the bottles and blasted me with champagne. I screamed as they totally soaked me with cold champagne. Suddenly the tee dress was totally transparent and I was a sticky cold mess. Brian apologized when I said I could not go back to the dorm like that and took me up to his room and gave me a white terry robe and then called a pledge and told him to wash and dry my clothes. Then he said lets go back down stairs. My response was that I felt uncomfortable in just a robe being the only girl in the fraternity house. Brian just laughed and reminded me that I was the guest of honor. When we got back downstairs everyone apologized and we toasted each other with several glasses of champagne. Shortly after that two brothers had to leave. As they said goodbye they each gave me a kiss of thanks for saving Brian. Then Charlie, one of the brothers I had known and been friends with since my freshman year said, "Me too!" and leaned over and gave me a lingering kiss. Before the shock was over I heard a chorus of "Me toos" from all the other brothers and they all lined up for a thank you kiss. The kisses became gradually longer and by the 8th or 9th kiss tongue was becoming increasing a part of the kisses. Somewhere in the high teens, I'm not certain exactly, the kisses began to turn into mini make out sessions and I was becoming increasing aroused! By this time my knees were shaking and I was afraid that they would buckle if I did not sit down. When someone slid their hand up my inner thigh I started to spread my legs and a small whine of need escaped from the back of my throat through the kiss. 
