 Note: This is the first in a short series (hopefully) that follows some of the minor characters from my other series on their side adventures. Hopefully it will be accessible to anyone, but it would probably be helpful to read my other series, The Girl for Me and Family Friendly, first.

*****

"Yes, yes, there..." she had apparently found the spot without much work on his end. Dr. Émilie Martin was apparently lost deeply enough in pleasure to be largely ignoring Matt underneath her, but not so much as to accidentally slip back into French as she occasionally did during these things. He must be losing his touch, he thought.

Her long, dark hair shook wildly along with her curvaceous body as she rode him to a quick orgasm. He imagined that it would be the only one for today; there was hardly enough time more during these clandestine meetings, ostensibly about his thesis, but often devolving into a secret mid-morning pleasure hunt. She hadn't even removed her dress, just slid her panties off before mounting him. Not unusual, but not nearly as exciting as it had been the first time. Still, she seemed to be enjoying herself quite a bit.

He thought he saw her bite her lip, holding in a scream, before she buried her face against his neck. Her gyrations had turned now into the quick, short contractions of an orgasm working its way through her, and he held tight as her pussy squeezed and pulled on his cock. Now or never, he thought. He essentially forced the cum from his balls, but he could tell it was not really a full load, just sort of a couple spurts. That was the nature of these things, though. At least she got off all the way. One of these times he'd like to maybe take her more fully, perhaps somewhere where they could both get fully naked and he could work up a full load of cum before releasing it into her cunt.

If she noticed, she didn't say anything. She dismounted and, as with everything she did, rather businesslike, pulled her panties back on. He'd barely had time to fasten his pants back closed before she'd sat back down on the other side of the desk and begun talking.

"So, you will have the result, what, eh, perhaps next week?" she asked, looking over the work he'd shown her before they'd gotten distracted.

"Yeah, probably; there's that sort of tricky lemma, but now that I've got that, most of the big stuff should follow," he replied, finding it less easy than she did, apparently, to switch back to talking about math. But, then again, he mused, getting off probably had a nice way of clearing the mind.

"Excellent," she said, though her French accent almost comically made it sound more like "Egg salad." He, as usual, suppressed the smile. "Then I will see you then." She turned and pulled a book off of the overstuffed shelves.

"Ok, see you then," he said. No response, as he'd expected, as he got up and left the cramped office. He quietly closed the door behind him and started trying to reconfigure his plans for the day mentally. What was this nonsense life he was leading? Fucking one's advisor was probably not a good idea.

Then again, fucking one's student wasn't, either. And that hadn't stopped him before. And fucking both at the same time was an even worse idea. Surely Mei Lin was up by now, he thought. And if she was up, then she'd have made coffee, and he wouldn't have to buy his caffeine from the shop; a penny saved is a penny earned, after all, especially on a grad student's budget. Then it was settled: he'd go back to his apartment near campus and work there until he had to teach again this afternoon. Unfortunately, by the time he'd settled on the plan, his legs had carried him to the coffee shop. When he'd come out of his contemplation, he noticed Carmen waving to him from behind the counter.

He waved back. Fortunately the place was full enough of bleary-eyed college kids who'd started the weekend a day too early. Friday mornings, he found, often looked like this, even on this relatively small and sleepy college campus. They would provide enough of an excuse for him to leave without buying anything. That's not a weird amount of thought to put into this, he thought, right?

He indicated silently that he was leaving, and caught a bemused look on Carmen's sweet face before he stepped back out the door. He wondered if he hadn't hooked up with Mei Lin, if he'd have gone after her. She was definitely his type: smallish, perhaps a little exotic, and easygoing. The fact that she had the tendency to surprise him with free coffee on occasion only sweetened the deal, he mused. Anyway, it didn't matter; in a weird series of events, by hooking up with Mei Lin, who had only sort of been his student at the time, he'd also hooked up with Will, who had definitely been one of his students, albeit only in the role of a TA, at the time. And that had led, through the magic that was Will's propensity to fuck anything and everything that moved, to Matt also eventually hooking up with Carmen in what had been, to date, the wildest group sex he'd ever had [Note: See The Girl for Me for this series of events].

His musings had once again distracted him from his route, but fortunately, this time, he'd arrived at the right place: his small off-campus apartment. He found the door unlocked, just as he'd left it, so surmised that Mei Lin had not left yet. He'd also found it, sadly, in the same state of chaos as when he'd left: books and clothes scattered about the living room. Having a quasi-live-in girlfriend had not, he had to admit, improved either of their habits. But, there was now the distinct smell of coffee wafting through the air. A marked improvement!

"Home so soon, honey?" Mei Lin had apparently heard him come in the door. She had also apparently only just woken up, as she was still dressed in only one of his t-shirts, just long enough to cover her naughty bits. He imagined she was probably not wearing anything under it, as she was wont to do. In her hand was a steaming mug of precious, precious coffee. Her long black hair remained mussed from the night before. She squinted as she grasped the mug tightly near her thin body.

"Yeah, quick meeting," he said. "Need coffee."

"There's plenty more in the pot," she replied with a smile as he approached her.

He went in for a kiss, which turned from his planned quick peck into more of a mini impromptu make-out session, awkward while she held a mug of very hot coffee in one hand. "You're a godsend," he said as they pulled away from each other.

"That's why you keep me around," she practically chirped. "That and, judging from the kiss," she continued as he moved around her to finally get his precious caffeine, "because Dr. Martin once again left you in need of finishing off."

"Something like that, yeah," he muttered, then took a sip.

"Aww, poor baby," she mocked him. "Your sexy young advisor makes a selfish lover."

"Yeah, poor me," he smiled. She was literally the perfect girl. His previous musings about Carmen had been completely pushed from his mind. "With only this perfect, sexy little thing to come home to and finally finish me off. Can you imagine the torture of having to wait maybe ten minutes for satisfaction?"

"Hardly," she smiled as she approached. She daintily placed her mug on the counter as she closed in on him. "Nobody ever keeps me waiting. I always get what I want, when I want it." Her hand was on his cock, rubbing it through his jeans.

"And what is it you want," he asked, cocking an eyebrow at her as he put his mug down next to hers.

"Oh, not much at the moment," she said, quickly wheeling away from him and picking up her mug again in one fluid motion. "I mean, I got a pretty thorough session last night." She turned to wink at him, bringing the mug up to her lips as she walked over to the couch in the living room and sat down. "Don't you remember?"

"Yeah, I seem to recall something." He joined her. "But maybe you could refresh my memory a bit?"

"Hmm..." she seemed delighted at torturing him. It was only fair, he thought. She didn't mind him fucking his advisor, and actually sort of seemed to get off on it sometimes, asking him about her, what they did, etc., all in gruesome detail. Of course, that was Mei Lin; she was not shy about her bisexuality, and was not keen on exclusivity. This worked out best for the both of them, it turned out, and he couldn't really be happier with the situation. Besides, he couldn't change it if he wanted to, he imagined. She did not seem the type to let go of what she wanted, and what she wanted included him.

It also included Nessa, though. She had been very upfront about that when they had started: Nessa was her girlfriend, and that was not negotiable. The two had spent their teen years together, houses next door, and had grown, in that mysterious way that teen girls did, he found, inseparable. Of course, not all teen girl friendships turned into wild lesbian affairs, but this one had, and no man would pull it asunder. He didn't mind the set up, but he had found Nessa a bit more challenging in person than in the abstract. She was a horse of a different color.

Racist, he thought to himself; Nessa was multiracial, her mother black and her apparently absent father also apparently white. Matt himself had never met her mother, either. This was all just secondhand knowledge provided by Mei Lin, who remained as smitten with her next door neighbor to this day as she had been the day they met, and she frequently talked about her.

But she really was quite different, despite both of them sharing a propensity for openness about sex. Mei Lin was, for all that openness, generally quiet and reserved, preferring this type of low-key teasing; Nessa was more...well, you knew when she was in the room. She was also, Matt allowed himself to muse, thicker and more curvaceous...he loved Mei Lin's cute little butt more than anything, but he could definitely see the appeal of Nessa's thick, round ass.

"Mei Mei!" Fantasize about the devil. Nessa had appeared in her usual, unannounced way, by walking through the unlocked door.

"Hi, sweetie! Come on in!" Nessa practically bounded over to the couch, the almost comically small backpack she had on bouncing after her. She was dressed in an extremely tight black top, which showed off her nice breasts, and a pair of jeans with stylish rips. Matt could almost feel the hug she gave Mei Lin just while sitting by. The smell of her perfume overwhelmed that of the coffee, which, while not really unpleasant, sort of annoyed him, emphasizing as it did, how his nice moment of quiet time with Mei Lin was over.

"Hi, Matt," Nessa said perfunctorily as she slid her backpack off and dropped it on the floor, then plopped herself down on the other side of Mei Lin. Turning her focus back to her girlfriend, she asked, "Why aren't you ready to go?"

"Hi, Nessa," Matt offered, but was, unsurprisingly, ignored.

"Well..." began Mei Lin, "I may have gotten you over here on false pretenses..."

Nessa scowled. Matt found it oddly cute, but decided to remain silent. "What are the true pretenses, then?" she asked, staring directly into Mei Lin's eyes.

"Well..." Mei Lin began again. "I wasn't planning on Matt coming home, actually."

"Uh-huh," Nessa nodded, keeping her eyes locked onto Mei Lin's. "Well, your plan fell through, I guess. What was it?"

"Well, you know..." she smiled in response.

"Ah..." Matt and Nessa said simultaneously.

"Well, anyway," Matt said, "don't let me ruin your plans. I'll just work at the library or something." They met this with incomprehensible expressions. "Or whatever you want. Feel free to use the bed, sweetheart, since it's already messed up from last night. I assume you didn't make it, at least?"

Mei Lin and Nessa just turned back to face each other. "So, I wasn't planning on Matty being here, but since he is, why don't we just make do?" Mei Lin asked her girlfriend, completely ignoring him.

Nessa seemed to consider this for a second, and then suddenly the two of them began talking simultaneously. Matt had heard of women doing this, but had rarely actually seen it done. He couldn't really follow what either one was saying, but they seemed to have no problem speaking and listening at the same time. And then, just as suddenly, it stopped.

"Ok," Mei Lin turned back to him, "let's get you out of those clothes."

"Huh?" he replied. 

Nessa was already on her feet and moving towards the bedroom. "Just drag him by the cock," she said over her shoulder. "It's no use trying to explain things to boys, you know. You just have to point them at a hole."

Mei Lin gave him a sort of shrug-and-a-smile combo, took him by the hand, and lead him into the bedroom. When they got there, Nessa turned around abruptly and faced them. "Alright, get that dick out. Let's see what we're working with here."

Alright, he thought. He quickly pulled off his shirt and pants while Nessa waited, a look of only mild annoyance on her face. Mei Lin moved past her and took a seat on the bed, still unmade, and leaned back against the headboard. She didn't bother trying to hide her shaved pussy with the inadequate t-shirt, but just watched intently. "So...?" he asked, glancing over at her as he undid his jeans and slid them off.

"So," she replied, "if we're going to live together, I need you two to get along. I'm not going to do some ridiculous bed-switching scheme like Will and them."

"Ah-ha," he said. "So, when were you planning on telling me you were moving in?"

Before she could answer, Nessa piped up. "Not bad," she said. She looked into Matt's eyes. "I mean, I've had bigger, but not bad."

Not knowing exactly what to say, he just nodded what he hoped came off as a thank you.

"Now," she continued, "let's see if you know what you're doing with that." She turned and climbed up onto the bed, then began slipping out of her jeans, having left her shoes as she climbed up. He looked to Mei Lin with amusement. She simply gave him a shrug indicating, he hoped, encouragement, and so he followed Nessa onto the bed, climbing between her legs, and moving in to kiss her.

"Nu-uh," she said, bringing her finger up to his lips. "No kisses on the first date. I need something else from your mouth first." She glanced down suggestively. Ah-ha.

He slid down, bringing his face between her thighs. He could already feel the heat radiating off her shaved pussy. "Good boy," she said. He began by softly kissing her inner thigh, but he didn't get very far before he was interrupted again. "Nuh uh," she said. "None of that. Hit that pussy, boy."

That works, too, he thought. Not that he minded. Mei Lin may have been more into the slow buildup than her girlfriend, but it's not as if he wasn't used to being commanded precisely where to put his tongue/fingers/cock. He began again, this time starting with some gentle licking up and down Nessa's slit.

"Mmm, there you go, boy," she purred in response. "Show me what my girl sees in you..." He gradually increased the pace and breadth of his licking, only slowly beginning to probe inside her pussy once he could feel her delicious nectar start flowing more copiously. The way her hips began moving slightly with his motions, combined with her continued purring, told him he must be doing something right.

He allowed himself to begin concentrating more on her hard little clit, gradually flicking it more and more between long, slow licks of her lips. With each sudden flick, her body tensed, pushing her love button into his mouth involuntarily. He decided he'd have a little fun and try a test of his own. Bringing his hands to rest against the backs of Nessa's thighs, he gently pushed as he licked, bringing her legs up towards her chest. Her only reaction was a positive sounding moan, so on the next slow lick down her slit, he let his tongue dip even further south, bringing it to rest on her small, puckered asshole.

"Ooh, naughty..." she managed after a gasp. He'd already begun proceeding back up her slit towards her clit when she spoke again. "I didn't say stop, boy." He flicked his eyes up towards hers, leaving his tongue still slowly caressing her. "I said, 'eat my asshole,' boy."

Excellent. His tongue darted back to her hole and probed it hard. He heard her gasp but focused only on assaulting the tight asshole, forcing his tongue as deep inside as he could and wiggling it around, enjoying the slightly bitter taste. "Ooh..." she moaned.

She let this go on for a bit before resting her hand on the back of his head. "Back to the clit, baby," she cooed. Baby? It looked like he'd found her secret button. Not that it was all that secret. Mei Lin did like to talk...

He placed his lips around her clit, and this time was far less coy. His tongue lashed at it, starting fast and getting faster. Nessa's body reacted as expected, her hips pushing harder and harder against his mouth with each twitch. "Aah...aah...I'm...I'm coming...oh yes, oh yes, oh yes..." She dug her fingers into his short hair and humped his face with all the might of a powerful orgasm, which seemed to last quite long, only gradually subsiding.

He allowed himself a break, taking a deep breath as he raised his head between her knees, and licking her juices from his lips. He looked at her as if to say, "Well?"

"I didn't say stop," she said pointedly.

He had to chuckle. He could see why this girl was non-negotiable. He began to move back to his former position, but she interrupted.

"No, let's see how that thing works, now."

She nodded her head slightly as an unnecessary indication of what "thing" she meant. As he crawled up her body, he noticed Mei Lin had stripped off her t-shirt and was idly fingering her clit as she watched them. Best girlfriend ever, he thought. He moved in close to Nessa's face for a kiss, this time finding she had apparently rescinded her "first date" rule. Between her legs, he could feel the damp heat radiating off her, and as they kissed passionately, he reached down and guided his throbbing member to her lower lips, then began teasing her slowly with it, moving it up and down her slit.

She pulled away from the kiss, and stared at him with a slight grin. "I'm sure Mei Mei loves that teasing shit, but me, I prefer the more direct route." She grabbed his cock suddenly, and pulling on it while forcing her hips upward, managed to slide the head inside herself.

"Fair enough," he said. He slammed the full length of his hard rod into her, eliciting a happy sound of surprise from the girl.

"That's more like it," she said as she recovered from the initial sensation. "Now fuck the shit out of me."

He complied, slamming his body against hers over and over, impaling her tight, wet cunt on his thick, hard cock. She gripped him tightly with her whole body. Her tight pussy squeezed and massaged his cock, forcing him to hold back from shooting a massive load into her.

"That's it, boy, fuck me! Tear that fucking pussy up, boy!" her voice rang out over the sound of their flesh slapping together. His balls, heavy with cum, swung wildly with each thrust and he could barely contain the imminent explosion building in them as Nessa began convulsing wildly under him, having reached her own orgasm. "Oh, yes, yes, fuck me, fuck me, make me cum!" Her eyes were closed and her fingers gripped the sheets tightly as her hips bucked wildly against him.

Oh shit, he thought, I'm going to cum already. He managed only a low, animal grunt as he finally reached the climax he'd been waiting for all morning, sending a massive load of hot, sticky cum into her tight cunt. She milked him for every last drop, the walls of her pussy squeezing it out of him.

"Mmm," she moaned as they both came down from the heights of ecstasy. He let out a deep breath and pulled out of her wet cunt. A flood of thick cum followed, pouring out of her and onto the sheets. Good thing she didn't bother making the bed, he thought. Wait, where was Mei Lin? In his focus on Nessa, he'd lost track of his girlfriend, who had been happily fingering her twat but now had vacated her spot on the bed.
