 Authors note: this is the first of four parts of this story. I did not intend for it to be so long, but as I was writing it, more ideas came to me that I could not leave out. I deliberately tried to make it kinky. I've also written a sequel to this story, which takes place five years after this story called "Maria The Closer."

*****

Chapter One, A Glorious Day in Yosemite

A beautiful woman walks quickly down the trail, "Come on Marcus! I told them we'd be there by noon!"

The young black man checked the car one more time, to make sure it was locked securely. The clerk at the front desk of the Tuolumne Lodge warned him about the aggressive bears in Yosemite, "Remember, don't leave anything that looks remotely edible in your car, and lock it!"

Their car was parked at the Tuolumne stables, which is where the trail to Glen Aulin High Sierra Camp starts. It's a two-hour hike to the camp, and after that it will take another hour to get to their final destination, Mattie Lake.

"Wait up Maria, I'm coming." 

The Hispanic woman is in her early-thirties. She's petite, about five feet tall, with an attractive figure. She's wearing khaki hiking shorts with a tight fitting sleeveless pink top and a white sports bra underneath. Her long black hair is tied in a ponytail, and she's wearing a new pair of designer sunglasses that she bought for this hike. She's carrying a fifty-pound pack on her back.

Her handsome husband, Marcus, is also in his early-thirties. Even though he's carrying an eighty-pound backpack, he quickly catches up with his beautiful wife. Marcus is big, strong and is in excellent physical condition. He's also wearing hiking shorts and a red "Go Climb a Rock" t-shirt that clings to his muscular body.

"Don't worry Maria. It's only eight-thirty. We'll be there in time. But if you want, I know a shortcut we can take... we can easily get there early."

While in college Marcus worked one summer at Glen Aulin, and he knows the terrain where they're going. 

She smiled at her husband, "That would be great, babe. Angela likes to give me a hard time about always being fashionably late. I'd love to surprise her for once by being early."

The couple plans to meet their best friends, Angela and Jason, at a beautiful alpine lake that's not on any park trail. To get there they will be leaving the trail and hiking cross-country for about two miles. 

The two couples have been close friends for years, and have gone on several vacations together. Marcus and Jason know each other from playing together on their high school football team.

Sadly, Jason and Angela will be moving out of the country soon, so this is the last time the two couples will see each other for a long time. 

Chapter Two, Early History

Angela and Maria met in kindergarten at the elementary school in Mariposa, California and have been best friends ever since. They tell each other everything... their deepest secrets, even the intimate details of their love lives. For example, Maria told Angela that Marcus loves cunnilingus. He can eat her pussy for an hour without stopping. He particularly likes to spread her labia apart and shine a flashlight inside to look at her cervix: and Angela told Maria that Jason loves having his ass penetrated. For special occasions, like his birthday, Angela will wear a strap-on dildo and fuck his firm round bottom. He also loves having his prostate massaged.

Marcus' family moved to Mariposa when Maria was a freshman in high school. She first met him in her AP Statistics class. Math concepts came easily for Marcus, but not so for Maria. She often raised her hand in class to ask questions, and it became clear to Marcus that she could use some help. He introduced himself to her after class one day, and offered to help her with her homework. She was hesitant at first, but when she saw his warm smile and the sincerity in his face she accepted. They became study buddies that year, and also good friends.

Maria was one of the popular girls in high school. She had many friends, boys and girls. She was the head cheerleader and student body president. She has a warm personality and a quirky sense of humor, and everyone likes her. Plus, she's gorgeous, so the boys were always asking her out. She liked their attention but did not have a serious boyfriend until she met Jason, the quarterback of the football team. They dated sophomore and junior years, but then broke up at the beginning of their senior year. 

Though they dated for two years they did not "go all the way." They did make out regularly but didn't do anything that could be considered sex... except one time. It happened in Yosemite Valley the summer before their senior year. They had gone up to the park for a picnic along the Merced River. They found a secluded spot along the river. It was hot that day and they were wearing their bathing suits underneath their clothes. They decided to go for a swim in the sparkling clean water of the Merced River. Afterwards they sat on their towels, letting the warm sun dry them. The river water was cold and Maria's nipples were erect, poking through her top. 

Jason noticed this and tried not to stare, but he couldn't help himself. Maria saw what he was looking at, "Jason, it's not polite to stare at a girl's breasts."

Jason's face turned red. "I'm sorry Maria, you're so beautiful... I can't help it... and I think you have great tits!"

She looked into his eyes and smiled back at him, "I'll take that as a compliment." She thought for a few seconds about how much she liked this boy. 

"Would you like to see my tits, Jason?"

He grinned at her. "Really? Hell yes!"

Maria got up on her knees, unhooked her bikini top, and let it drop to the ground. She turned to face Jason so her boobs were a foot away from his face. She let Jason look at her for a full minute. Then she shook her shoulders so her boobs swung from side to side. He couldn't take his eyes off her large pink nipples, "Can I touch them?"

Maria thought about it for a few seconds, "There's no one around... I guess that would be ok."

Jason brought up both of his hands and cupped her breasts. He gave them a gentle squeeze. Then he leaned his face towards them and kissed one of her erect nipples. Jason was grinning now, "I like the way they feel. They're really nice! This is getting me excited!"

Maria looked down at the bulge in his bathing suit, "Really, can I see? I've never seen an erection. I'm really curious about it"

Jason stood up and stripped off his bathing suit. He turned to face Maria and his hard dick stood out straight and was pointing at her face. Jason's cock was seven inches long and circumcised, and Maria liked what she saw. She felt moist between her legs. 

Maria said, "OK, I let you touch me, so I think, to be fair, I should touch you too." Jason smiled back at her and nodded. 

Maria touched the tip of Jason's penis with her index finger. "It feels warm. " She leaned in and kissed the tip. Then she stuck out her tongue and licked the shaft. Finally, she put it in her mouth and started sucking. She found she really liked this and started bobbing her head up and down on his shaft. This was Jason's first sexual experience with a girl, and he had no idea what to do, but his body did. After fifteen seconds of sucking he lost control and he felt his dick start to throb, and his anus began to contract.

"Oh Maria, it's happening... I can't stop it." His come spurted out of his cock and into the back of Maria's mouth. 

Maria stopped sucking. She pulled her mouth off his dick and looked up at his face. She had a mouthful of semen, and she wasn't sure what to do with it. 

She had talked about blowjobs with her older sister, Lisa, who told her that all boys want a girl to swallow their come. 

"Not all of them will admit it, but trust me on this, that's what they want. If you spit it out you're telling them that you think they're gross and you'll hurt their feelings." 

Maria swallowed it all and said, "I liked that Jason. I've been fantasying about doing that to a boy for a long time. I'm really glad you were the first boy I gave a blowjob to." She leaned in and gently kissed him on the mouth.

"I'll never forget that Maria. Thank you for being my first, too."

Senior year was a challenge for Maria. She was taking a full load of AP courses, and she had cheerleading practice every day after school. She was feeling stressed out, and she didn't have much time for Jason. Even though they really liked each other, both of them knew things wouldn't work out for them long-term, and at the end of September they agreed to just be friends. 

A month after the breakup Angela asked Maria a question, "Would you introduce me to Jason please?"

She had been secretly checking him out for a few months and had a crush on him. She thought he was a "fox" and was physically attracted to him. Everyone said he was really nice, and so she decided she would find out for herself. Also, Maria had told her about the picnic in Yosemite and described in detail what Jason's cock looked like. Angela found herself occasionally day-dreaming about it.

Maria replied, "Sure, if that's what you want. But you better treat Jason right. I love him... ok, as a friend... but I still care about him and I don't want to see him get hurt."

Angela looked her in the eye, "I think he's pretty wonderful too. I'd never cheat on him... I promise."

Maria pulled her cell phone out of her pocket and started entering a text message. After thirty seconds of texting she stopped and waited for a reply.

"What did you type, Maria?"

"Well, my text said, Hi Jason, my friend Angela wants to go out with you Saturday. What do you think? Oh, she also wants to see your dick!"

Angela got a frantic look on her face, "You did NOT write that! Please tell me you did not write that. I'd die of embarrassment!"

Maria giggled, "You're so gullible. Of course I didn't say anything about his dick. That might scare him off."

Just then her phone dinged. Maria looked at Jason's reply. "He says, Angela Silver? Hell yes I'll go out with her! She's the nicest girl in our class, and one of the cutest. I'm in!"

The two friends grinned at each other, and Angela gave Maria a hug.

"Thank you, Maria. You're the best."

Their first date was a huge success. It ended with a goodnight kiss on Angela's front porch. Their lips touched tentatively at first, but then Angela opened her mouth and Jason gently probed with his tongue. Jason never felt such a strong physical attraction for a girl before. He was head over heels in love. He knew it the moment their lips first touched. 

Angela felt the same. She felt enormously happy being with Jason. She knew after that first date that Jason was the only man for her... her soul mate for life, and she decided right then that he would be her husband. 

And that's exactly what happened. Jason and Angela attended UC Berkeley together. Jason graduated with a degree in Geological Engineering, and Angela graduated with a degree in nursing. They both landed high paying jobs in the Bay Area, and they were married six months later. Maria was the maid of honor at their wedding.

How Maria and Marcus ended up together is a different tale. Maria went to Sacramento State and graduated four years later with a bachelor's degree in Education. She had always wanted to be an elementary school teacher. Her long-range goal was to get her master's degree, which would lead to a position as a school principal. After graduation she returned to live and work in Mariposa. She was hired to teach third grade at the local elementary school. 

Maria is an excellent teacher. She's known for her classroom management skills and is strict with her kids. Many people assume that kids don't want a strict teacher, but the truth is just the opposite. They want a teacher who gives them clear directions. They want to know what is expected of them, and they want a teacher who follows through on what they say. Maria's students have no problem learning in this environment. She tells them on a daily that she loves them, and continually encourages them to do their best. 

After graduating from high school Marcus attended UC Davis, and graduated with a degree in Radiology. He had always wanted to work in medicine, so this was a perfect career choice for him. He also returned to Mariposa after graduating and got a job as an x-ray technician at the John C Fremont hospital.

Maria and Marcus kept in touch while in college, and occasionally got together for a meal or a movie. They found they still really liked each other. As their college years went by, Marcus found himself thinking more and more about Maria... about what a great person she is... about how much he enjoys being with her... about how sexy she is.

Marcus made up his mind to change their relationship of just being good friends. They had just finished dinner at their favorite Mexican restaurant. Marcus broached the subject that was on his mind, "Maria, this might sound weird to you, but I have to tell you something. I'm starting to have feelings for you. I know we're just friends, but I want to have more with you. I can't stop thinking about you."

She looked at his face, and he looked nervous. She thought to herself, "He must be serious... wow! Marcus and me? Together? I wonder what that would be like." 

She reached out and grabbed his hand, "You're so sweet, Marcus. I'm really touched that you would think about me like that... I feel flattered!"

She leaned toward him and kissed him on the lips. It felt good... it felt nice! "OK Marcus, let's go on a real date, and see how it goes. We can take our time... you know... be casual for now. I'd hate for this to go badly, and I'd really hate to lose your friendship. Angela is my best girlfriend, but you're my best friend in the world."

Marcus had a huge grin on his face. He couldn't believe Maria agreed to date him. He felt like he was the luckiest man in the world. 

Maria's idea to go slow didn't work out too well. For their first date they went to the Mariposa county fair. They spent the day going on amusement rides. The Zipper was Maria's favorite. She screamed when getting thrown against the back of the car, and then she'd laugh uncontrollably. Then they spent some time playing the arcade games. Marcus is a skilled basketball player and won a large stuffed teddy bear, which he gave to Maria. She named it Fair Bear. 

At the end of their date they went back to Maria's place. She told Marcus she had a surprise for him. His birthday was that week, and Maria had made a chocolate birthday cake with raspberry frosting, his favorite. Marcus was sitting on the couch, and Maria came in from the kitchen with the cake. It had a few birthday candles on it, which were lit, and she was singing "Happy Birthday" at the top of her lungs.

She placed the cake on his lap and said, "Make a wish birthday boy!"

He closed his eyes and thought for about a minute, before blowing out the candles. Maria looked at him and gave him a warm smile, "That must have been some wish... it took you a while to think of it... can I ask what you wished for?"

He took a few seconds to answer her. He took her hand and looked her in the eye, "OK, I know you said we should go slow, but what I wished is for you to be my wife. That's what I want more than anything... to be with you for the rest of my life... I really mean that."

Maria covered her mouth with her hand. She was speechless. Then her eyes started to tear up. She threw her arms around him and kissed him hard on the lips. Ten minutes later they were in her bed... naked... making love for the first time. It was magical for both of them. A month later that were married.

Chapter Three, Maria's Proposal

It's a beautiful July morning in the Yosemite high country, and at eight thousand feet elevation the sky is a deep, almost unreal color of blue. The trail to Glen Aulin is mostly flat for the first four miles. It meanders through Tuolumne Meadows for the first mile and then follows the north side of the river for three miles, at which point the meadow ends and a large deep valley, the Grand Canyon of the Tuolumne, begins. This spot is exceptionally beautiful. Behind them is the lush green alpine meadow, surrounded by majestic granite mountains like Unicorn Peak and Cathedral Peaks.

Here the trail crosses a bridge over the river, and then begins to descend down into the canyon. When they reached the bridge Marcus said, "OK, this is where we take the shortcut. Just below us are two waterfalls and the elevation drops about five hundred feet down to where the high sierra camp is. The trail switch backs through the forest on the other side of the river. We're going to stay on this side of the river and scramble down the granite to the camp. It's a little steep in places, so we'll need to be careful. I've done it many times and I'll guide you. It'll save us about an hour in hiking time, so we'll get to Mattie Lake way before noon."

Maria smiled back at him "OK. I'll race you!"

Marcus scowled at her, and Maria laughed out loud, "OK, you wimp, I'll behave. Lead the way, Daniel Boone!"

Marcus held her hand the whole way down the granite slope. They stopped along the way to take pictures of two beautiful waterfalls. The first is Tuolumne Falls and below it is Glen Aulin Falls. 

It took about twenty minutes to reach the camp. Here the water coming from the falls flows into a large pool. The high sierra camp is located beside the pool. The river exits the pool at the other end and passes down over another granite slab as a white water cascade and enters a long valley with a thick forest of lodge pole pines.

There are high granite walls on both sides of the glen. It's peaceful, serene and quiet in the glen.

As they were walking Marcus pointed out the different landmarks by name. About midway through the glen Marcus stopped at a place where the trail hugged a large granite wall, "This is where we leave the trail." He pointed towards the granite "We're going up this rock face. It's not near as steep as it looks. Keep your eyes down and take small steps. I'll be right behind you, so if you slip I'll be there to grab you."

Maria looked up at the granite and asked, "You've gone this way before, right? It looks a little sketchy to me."

"It's not bad at all. I've gone this way a bunch of times. This is the reason we'll have Mattie Lake to ourselves. Most people think it's too dangerous, but they don't know there's a game trail which we'll follow." 

"Did Jason and Angela go this way?"

"Nope, there is a way in from the backside of the lake, but the hike in is twice as far as the way we came. I gave Jason the directions and drew the route on his topo map for him. They left yesterday morning and it probably took them all day to get there, while it's going to take us about three hours."

The couple took their time walking up the granite slope. They went up about five hundred feet in elevation before reaching the top where the ground was level again. Here they were once again in the trees. They saw a small creek and followed it upstream for a half mile to Mattie Lake. 

When they first saw the lake they stopped to gaze at it. Maria couldn't believe how beautiful it was. "Oh Marcus... it's gorgeous. Thank you so much for bringing me here. It was definitely worth the effort. We're going to have so much fun here. Let's go find Jason and Angela."

Marcus scanned the shore of the lake and spotted something red on the far side. "I see their tent over on the other side of the lake. Let's go meet the neighbors."

They walked along the shore of the lake. Though they could see the campsite, they hadn't spotted their friends yet. As they approached the camp they heard a voice coming from the other side of the tent. "Yes Jason... that's it baby... yes... right there... don't stop... don't stop... yes... fuck me, fuck me harder!" 
