 Chapter Four, Maria's Fantasy

After setting up their camp Maria and Marcus came back to their friend's camp for lunch, which consisted of a plate of cheese, crackers and salami, along with two bottles of wine. Then they all went for a swim in the cold clear water of Mattie Lake. Maria had brought a large tarp with her, which she laid out on the ground next to the blanket Jason and Angela had laid out. They had a nice large area to use for acting out Maria's fantasy. She also had a bottle of personal lubricant, which she placed to the side of the blanket. They sat down in a circle and held hands.

Angela looked at Maria, "OK bitch, I think it's time you tell us about your fantasy. I hope it's a good one!"

Maria looked back at her friends and chuckled, "OK, here goes. I want to be fucked doggy style... for a long time and really hard... I want to come three times. While I'm getting fucked I want to suck a hard cock, and I want that cock to come all over my face!"

Angela smiled back at her friend and chuckled, "Well, that's not too weird. I think the boys here can handle that. Right guys?"

Marcus replied, "Fuck yes!"

Jason chimed in, "Hell yes! Who gets to fuck you?"

Maria replied, "I want you guys to take turns, and I want to experience both of you being inside of me."

Angela giggled, "That sounds like a lot of fun for you, but what am I supposed to do while you're having all these orgasms?"

Maria replied, "You can masturbate, or do whatever you want. Marcus told me earlier that he might be a little nervous... like maybe he wouldn't be able to keep his erection, or he wouldn't be able to come. You could help the boys out if they need some assistance."

Angela thought about this for a few seconds, "That works for me. I always wanted to watch other people fuck. OK, let's get this party started! You're in charge Maria, so tell us what to do first."

Maria stood up, "Angela, I want you to kiss Marcus, and not like a friend. I want you to do whatever it takes to get him hard."

Angela walked up to Maria's husband and kissed him hard on the mouth, and he didn't resist. A few seconds later their tongues were entwined. Marcus cupped Angela's ass cheeks with both hands, and his dick was starting to grow. 

"That's it Angela, don't be nice to him! Whatever it takes, right?"

Angela took a step back and cupped his balls in her hand. She gave them a good hard squeeze and smiled at him. He started to breath harder. 

He purred, "Yes, I like that!"

Maria looked over at Jason, "Come over here and kiss me." 

Jason nodded and slowly approached her. Maria threw her arms around his neck and kissed him on the mouth. Jason lustily returned her kiss.

Maria whispered in his ear, "Jason, I want you to eat me... please?" 

Jason looked back at her and nodded. She lay down on the blanket and opened her thighs. Then she reached down with her hands and spread her lips open, revealing the pink insides. Jason knelt down between her legs. He brought his face down towards her crotch and examined her pussy. He liked what he saw... her light brown colored labia contrasted with the shiny pink flesh inside of her. 

He smiled and said, "Yes... such a beautiful pussy. I love how it looks... I love the musky smell... you're making me so hard," and started licking her pussy, starting at the bottom and slowly working his way up to her clit, and then focusing his tongue exclusively on it. Maria closed her eyes and started to moan softly.

Meanwhile, Angela was still fondling Marcus' balls but she had grabbed his penis with her other hand and began stroking up and down the shaft. When Maria saw that her husband was hard enough, she turned over on her stomach and propped herself up on her elbows and knees. "OK Jason, fuck my pussy. Marcus, I want your cock in my mouth... now."

Jason knelt down on the blanket behind Maria and positioned the head of his dick at her opening. He thrust his hips forward and his dick easily slid into her soaking wet cunt. 

"That's it Jason... shove it all the way inside of me... I want you to fuck the shit out of me. Make... me... come!"

Marcus walked over sporting a huge black boner. Maria looked directly at it and grinned, "Good job, Angela!" Then she reached out and grabbed her husband's big black dick and put it in her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down, taking in as much of him as she could. She couldn't believe how turned on she was. She loved the thought of having sex with these two beautiful men at the same time.

Jason continued pumping his cock into her from behind. After about a minute of this she pulled her mouth off of Marcus' dick and moaned, "Yes, I'm coming!" Her pussy began to spasm and she felt her muscles contract around Jason's dick. Jason realized what was happening but he remembered what Maria had said earlier, that she wanted him to fuck the shit out of her. He decided to keep fucking her until she told him to stop. He continued pumping her as hard as possible. 

Marcus had his hands on the back of Maria's head and pushed her down on his cock. He began pumping her mouth while Jason pumped her pussy. After a few minutes of this Maria pulled her mouth off of her husband's cock and yelled, "Yes, I'm coming again!!" She rocked her hips, pushing herself back onto Jason's hard cock. She raised her head up and looked into Marcus' eyes as her body began to shake. She felt she had died and gone to heaven. She felt so very satisfied, but she wanted more... she needed more. This was her chance to go crazy. She held her head up and said, "OK guys, I want you to change places." 

The two men moved to swap places, and as they walked past each other they exchanged a high five. They were both grinning. Marcus took his position behind Maria's ass and slowly shoved his eight-inch cock all the way inside of her. He took his time... he liked to build up his wife's pleasure slowly. That way she would want it more. Marcus began pumping his dick into her. When he had most of his dick inside of her, the head of his dick would push hard against Maria's cervix. 

Maria closed her eyes and concentrated on the sensations she was feeling. She loved being filled up inside, and having her labia stretched apart. 

Jason stood in front of Maria. He looked over at Angela, who was lying on the ground next to Maria, facing him. She had one hand supporting the back of her head and her eyes were closed. The other hand was on her crotch, and she was furiously fingering her pussy and clit. He could tell his wife was on the verge of climaxing. A few seconds later she started moaning and her body began to twitch.

Maria looked up at Jason's face and said, "I loved it when you fucked my cunt, Jason. Now fuck my mouth, and don't be shy!"

She opened her mouth and he shoved the head of his cock inside. She licked the head with her tongue and then moved down to the sensitive spot below the head. She worked the flat surface of her tongue over it, applying as much pressure as she could. Then she continued moving her mouth down his shaft, taking all of him into her throat, until her lips touched his balls. Then she slowly moved her mouth up to the head again. She pulled her mouth off of his cock and looked up at him, "Jason, I want you to come on my face!"

Jason smiled at her and said, "Whatever you say Maria. It's your fantasy. Is it ok if Angela helps me? She knows how to push my buttons."

Maria giggled, "I don't want to leave my best friend out of all the fun. Angela, can you help your husband come on my face, please?"

Angela opened her eyes when she heard her name. "OK, Maria. Get ready for your facial. This won't take long... I'm pretty good at making Jason spurt."

Angela picked up the bottle of lube and knelt down on the ground besides Jason's left thigh, facing Maria. She squirted some lube onto both of her hands. Then she grabbed his cock with her left hand. After a dozen strokes he was rock hard and a drop of pre cum dripped out the opening. She brought her right hand up between Jason's thighs and began rubbing his anus with her middle finger. She applied some pressure and her finger plunged deeply into his ass. She probed around inside of him, searching for his prostate. She knew she found it when Jason looked her in the eye, smiled and said, "That's the spot Angela. It feels amazing when you touch me there!"

Angela continued stroking him with one hand, and massaging his prostate with her other hand. She knew her husband's orgasm was seconds away. She looked at Maria, "Stick your tongue out and close your eyes."

Maria smiled at her friend and mouthed a "thank you" to her. Then she closed her eyes and said, "Come for me Jason!"

Angela gave his cock one last slow... hard... stroke. The head was purple. Jason pushed his hips forward, looked up at the sky and yelled, "Fuck... fuck... fuck!" A six-inch strand of white spunk shot out of his dick and landed on Maria's tongue. Then two more strands quickly shot out... one landing on her cheek, and the last one landing in her hair.

Maria pulled in her tongue and swallowed Jason's semen. She couldn't speak. There was so much adrenaline in her now she felt like she was high on drugs. Her body felt wonderful, and she felt at peace. 

Jason sat down on the blanket and closed his eyes. Slowly his breathing returned to normal. Angela sat down next to him on the blanket and kissed him on the cheek. She whispered in his ear, "You did great Jason. I love you."

While this was going on, Marcus had stopped fucking his wife and watched what Angela was doing to Jason. He was fascinated... watching her stimulate Jason's dick and prostate at the same time... watching the white semen spurting onto Maria's tongue and face... watching her reaction, and finally watching the look of happiness on her face. 

He said to himself, "Time for Marcus to get to work." He began pumping his dick into Maria, but soon he began having doubts about being able to come. After a minute she looked back at her husband, "I've had three incredible orgasms, but I'm starting to get sore inside. Would you like Angela to help you come?"

Marcus looked at Angela, "Hell yes! I really liked what you did to Jason. Do you have any other tricks that can make me come too? "

Angela looked over at Maria for her approval. "It's ok Angela, whatever it takes is fine with me."

Angela sat on the ground behind Marcus. She had a nice view from that position, and she could clearly see his cock going in and out of Maria's pussy, and watch his balls swinging back and forth. With her left hand she grabbed some skin at the bottom of his scrotum and pulled it back towards her, stretching out his ball sack. She rotated her hand in a circular motion and continued pulling back harder. Then she let go of his balls and looked at them. His scrotum was stretched loose and his balls were hanging down from his body. She reached in with both of her hands and grabbed one of his testicles in each hand. She pulled his balls down away from his body, and then pushed her thumbs into his nuts, massaging them gently. 

Marcus closed his eyes, concentrating on the sensations in his balls and cock. He felt pain and pleasure at the same time. Before long he felt electrical pulses, starting at his anus and prostate and working up his shaft, ending at the frenulum. He felt his asshole begin to contract and his prostate throb. He knew he was ejaculating inside of Maria, and he fucking loved the feeling. "Yes... oh fuck yes!" 

Marcus grabbed Maria's hips and pulled her body backwards, ramming his cock into her as far as possible. This was the most intense orgasm he'd ever had in his life.

A minute later Marcus pulled out and sat down on the blanket. He was exhausted, but he felt really happy.

After a short while the four friends sat together in a circle and held hands. Maria still had some come on her face, so Angela handed her a scarf that was nearby to wipe her face. 

Maria addressed the group, "Well guys, how was it? Is everyone ok with what happened? For me, it was perfect. It was even better than I expected, and I really want to thank all of you for being here and sharing yourselves with me." She looked at their faces and grinned, "Now I understand the term, friends with benefits."

Marcus raised his hand to speak, "I think everyone here could tell I enjoyed myself. Well, I have to tell the truth, it blew my mind. I never knew an orgasm could be so intense." He looked at Angela, "I loved what you did to my balls! I learned something new about my body, and I thank you, Ang."

Angela spoke next, "You're welcome Marcus. When I'm horny I can be pretty creative. I was amazed at how much fun that was. I fucking loved all of it. I wasn't sure what to expect. What made it special for me was doing it with my best friends. I can't wait to see what happens tomorrow with Jason's fantasy." She looked at Jason, "Did you enjoy yourself dear? 

"Well... thanks for asking... and yes, as you could probably tell from the amount of come I shot onto Maria's face, I loved what we did today." Jason looked at his friends, and they all laughed with him.

Angela asked, "Are you going to tell us about your fantasy now, or do we have to wait?"

Jason thought for a second, "You don't have to wait... I know what I want, and I just hope that everyone is ok with my fantasy. So here goes... I want Angela to sit on my face, while Maria pegs me in the ass."

Maria looked at him and smiled, "Don't we get to kiss you first? And what do you mean by peg? I'm not familiar with that term."

Angela answered for her husband; "Pegging is when a woman fucks a man in the ass with a strap on dildo. I've been pegging Jason for years. He loves being penetrated, and I love doing it to him. I get to be in control, and it makes me feel powerful. And here's the great thing, he really appreciates me for doing it to him. It's such an intimate thing to do to a man. When I fuck Jason's ass, he loves me even more, and he treats me like a queen. I brought my strap-on with me on this trip."

Maria replied, "Holy shit... that's amazing! OK, I definitely want to try it." 

She looked at Marcus, "And if it's as good as Angela says, your ass is next, Mister!"

Marcus grinned, "Wow, ok, I think I'd like it too."

The group spent the rest of the afternoon relaxing by the lake and enjoying the warm summer day. But as the sun started to go down the temperature began to drop. Reluctantly, they all put their clothes back on. They had a simple dinner consisting of grilled hot dogs and baked beans, and for desert they had granola bars. They relaxed for another couple of hours around a warm campfire before climbing into their sleeping bags. 

Chapter Five, Jason's Fantasy

The next morning Marcus and Jason got up before the ladies, and walked to the far side of the lake to fish. Marcus remembered where the good fishing spots were. In about an hour and a half they returned to camp with ten nice sized rainbow trout, which they decided to save for dinner. The girls were up and cooking breakfast, which consisted of pancakes and fried baloney. It wasn't exactly a gourmet meal but they all really enjoyed it. They all felt so close to each other... and often they would hug each other or exchange a tender sweet kiss with their spouses, or their friend's spouse, and no one was jealous or hurt by this. By noon it was starting to get warm, and they all took off their clothes. They went for another quick swim in the lake before lunch, which again consisted of cheese, crackers and salami, and two more bottles of wine. 

After lunch Jason excused himself, saying he needed to take care of something, and went off into the woods by himself. Angela looked at him as he was leaving. "Thanks for taking care of that, dear. But don't keep us waiting too long" and winked at him.

Maria asked Angela, "What was that about... you guys keeping a secret from us?"

Angela smiled at her friend, "Oh... um... Jason is getting ready to get pegged. He'll poop as much as he can, and then he'll clean his rectum. He has an anal syringe to shoot water inside of him. It's a way to make sure there aren't any unpleasant surprises when he gets fucked in the ass with the dildo."

"Wow, you guys really know what you're doing. I guess that makes a lot of sense." 

At mid afternoon they sat down on the blanket in a circle, holding hands. At the edge of the blanket there was the bottle of lube and some hand towels, along with Angela's black leather strap-on harness, and a bright red silicone dildo that was nine inches long and two inches thick. Maria thought it looked intimidating: she thought it was just too much for one person to take inside. She looked over at Jason. He seemed relaxed and comfortable. Everyone was quiet, looking at Jason, and waiting for him to speak.

"OK, I guess it's time. Angela, can you help Maria put on the harness?"

"Sure thing, dear." 

She picked up the harness and instructed Maria how to step into it and secure the straps. Then she grabbed the dildo and inserted it into the harness. She stepped back and looked at Maria. 

"Hey girl, how does it feel? The straps should be pretty tight so your big dick stays in the harness. That's a nice big cock you have there!"

Maria looked down at the red dildo and giggled, "Wow, I like it... my cock is even bigger than Marcus'!" She looked at her husband and he smiled back at her.

Marcus chuckled, "I can't wait to see what you do with it!"

Jason said, "I'm going to lie down on my back. Angela, I want you to sit on my stomach, facing me. Then I want you to kiss me like you mean it, and then put your tits in my face. I want to suck on them for a while to get in the mood. After I'm hard you can coach Maria on how to put the dildo in me."

Angela chuckled, "That works for me. What about our friends here? What would you like them to do while you're sucking my tits?"

"Marcus, I'd like you make your wife horny. Whatever you want to do is fine with me."

Marcus walked over to his wife, put his hands on her cheeks and kissed her on the lips. She wrapped her arms around his waist and pulled his strong body against hers. Maria opened her mouth and Marcus put his tongue inside, licking her tongue with his. They started out gently but soon they both started to get aroused. Marcus' cock began to swell, and Maria could feel the inside of her vagina getting wet. Marcus broke the kiss, looked Maria in the eye, and smiled back at her, "You suck my dick all the time. I think I should return the favor."

He knelt down at her feet, grabbed the red dildo in his hand, and began licking the head. He licked up and down the shaft, like Maria would do to him. Then he put it in his mouth and began to suck. 

Maria looked down at her husband, "Holy shit Marcus, you're a natural born cock sucker! I think you've got talent!" 

He looked up at her, "Well, I'm just glad it's not real. There are limits to what I'll do, and sucking another guy off is one of them."

Maria laughed, "You don't know what you're missing. I fucking love doing it!"

Meanwhile, Angela was sitting on Jason's stomach and had one of her nipples in his mouth. Jason had both of his hands cupped on her boobs, vigorously massaging them. When she saw that her husband was hard she got up and went over to Maria. 

Marcus sat down on the blanket and observed the two women. He'd been looking forward to watching his wife butt-fuck Jason since yesterday. The thought of this really turned him on.

"OK, the first tip about anal sex is... take your time. You can't rush it." She looked at her husband. "Jason, can you turn over on your stomach please? I want to give Maria a good look at your asshole."

Her husband flipped over on his stomach and got up on his elbows and knees, with his thighs spread apart. 

Jason asked, "Like this?"
