 To the literary purists - As with all my stories, I act in the role of narrator. This is a short story specifically designed to fit on one page. As such, there is no character development and no witty dialogue. I am not writing the next great novel. To everyone else, I hope you enjoy.

*****

I don't know what finally triggered it. Was it my years of cajoling? Could it be that letting her read my stories had stimulated something? Did she need to feel sexy to another man? Was it that I couldn't get hard on the slightest hint of sexual activity anymore? Or was it simply time to act on an impulse?

I ran across an ad for interested couples to attend a pool party with other older adults. Now, the ad was placed by a couple in their early 60's. Being late 50's, it didn't seem like that large a leap to associate with a group like that as we had family those ages that were still very attractive. I also assumed there were a number of younger folks with mommy/daddy urges that would show interest. I responded to the ad and received a prompt reply with the address and party information and a request for information about us. The hosts were having a poolside cookout and offered a complete bar. They did also mention that their pool and hot tub were heated and that swimwear was optional. They would send an attendee list with ages and stats closer to the date.

I was excited by the prospects and showed my wife their response. She was very non-committal and I feared a group encounter was farther than she wanted to go. I assured her that no means no and she didn't have to do anything she didn't want or actually anything at all. She gave me a quick "whatever you want to do", as my phone chirped, signaling an email. It was an update from the hosts that they had left out an important fact about their parties - everyone wears a wristband. They followed with the details.

Red - Not interested in any encounters with anyone but my partner. 

Yellow - May or may not become involved in some play. 

Blue - I will only play with males. 

Pink - I will only play with females.

Purple - I will play with either sex.

Green - I would like multiple partners at the same time.

I pondered the options, having not really reasoned the situation out. It had struck me as a friendly pool party with plenty of flirting, without fully ever thinking about what we were looking for. Many of these people will be experienced in the lifestyle and we will be fresh meat, newbies. So what is the best option for a color? Obviously, red is safest, but probably also marks you as a leper. I could do pink, my wife could do blue, not sure either one of us is quite ready for purple or green. Or, just leave all options open and go with yellow and see what happens. I showed her the list and was surprised when she said she would have to think about her choice.

Another email arrived later in the week with some details about the participants. It appeared there would be 5 couples, if no one got cold feet. We were younger than 3 of the couples, who were all early 60's and apparently regular friends. And, like I had expected, there was an early 40's couple. I noticed that all the men were significantly shorter than me, ranging from 5'7" to 5'10", while I stand 6'2", 210#. The women were generally petite, with my wife at 5'5" and 135# with 36DD the largest in the group.

The day of the party dawned warm and bright. It was forecast to be mid-80's with a slight breeze. We showered and dressed in light clothes. My wife packed what she referred to as a beach bag, with her swimwear and cover up and I tossed in a pair of swim trunks (no, not Speedo's), I guess for modesties' sake, since we swam naked in our own pool. The short drive to the party did not include the giddiness that I had anticipated and the conversation about the gathering usually ended with "I don't want to talk about it." At this point, not sure what we are bringing to this party. We park on the street and proceed to the entrance, ringing the bell.

It was time for the reveal, the donning of a wristband. Our host and hostess greeted us in sarongs, she was topless, with nice, firm 32C's, thus the tone was already being set. We were obviously the first couple to arrive and that gave us a little time for a meet and greet with them. They showed us to a table that contained the wristbands and assured us that there would be no judging, regardless of our choice of colors, with the remark that we could change colors at any point of the party. Assuming my wife would be selecting red, I boldly went first and grabbed a yellow one. She followed, matching our hosts by slipping a green one onto her wrist.

I lost all the color in my face as the blood left my head and apparently immediately pooled in my penis. I was hard as a steel rod in mere seconds. This was not lost on our hostess and she stepped forward to stroke me through my shorts as my wife stood snickering. I'm not really sure about the next few minutes, but we ended up on the pool deck with drinks in our hands before the doorbell rang to signal the arrival of the next couple. 

It was the younger couple, dressed much as we were, in a sexier way. She wore a thin, white t-shirt with a plunging neckline to accentuate her 34B's with large nipples. He wore a pair of shorts that clearly showed he had a significant package. I was relieved to see that he wore a pink band, while she had decided to go with purple. At least it allowed me comfort to not be the only one who had forsook green. They grabbed a beverage and joined us at a poolside table. Now, while I adore the size of my wife's tits, I do think that unrestrained breasts are incredibly attractive.

The last two couples arrived, apparently together, and, after a brief introduction and a drink from the bar, they stripped and hit the hot tub. The guys in purple and the women wearing green. My wife finished her beverage and excused herself to the bathroom. Our hosts joined our table, pulling up extra chairs, facing the house. Several minutes passed and then a round of applause erupted from our hosts and the hot tub. My wife had returned in a brand new neon green tankini, revealing a significant amount of side boob. At this point, the hosts rose, dropped their sarongs and invited us into the pool to cool off. 

My wife followed them as the younger couple and I sized each other up. But hey, there are already six naked people here, so I dropped my clothes on the chair and stepped in to the cheers of everyone. I was greeted by the hostess, who again stroked my raging hard on. Now, as I said earlier I do not always rise to the occasion, but I should have cum a couple of times already and her ministrations had me ready in no time. She walked me to the edge of the pool, then lifted herself using the ledge and impaled herself on my pole. I glanced and noticed a small neon green fabric on the pool deck, watching our host shove his dick into my wife as the younger couple each had one of her nipples. 

I felt my partner tighten down on me and we came together. My wife squirmed and squeezed an orgasm out of our host and before she knew what was happening was being pummeled by the younger stud. I was all of a sudden confronted by a pair of 34B's and with both women playing with my cock and balls, was back in action sooner than I believed possible. My new friend backed me into the pool, placed her hands on the pool deck and rode me in a combination of doggy and reverse cowgirl. Having not cum herself, she finished quickly, but didn't slow down, continuing to milk my cock with the walls of her pussy. She felt me swell and slow and orgasmed again as I deposited my creamy load into her. I am spent for the moment.

I rise from the pool and am joined by the others, naked and dripping at the bar. But wait, there are only 5 of us. Where is my wife! I hear a squeal from the hot tub and see that she has introduced herself to that group, fucking one of those men and sucking the other. I see her reaction as she takes several spurts in her mouth and then tenses as her attention shifts to the thick penis in her cunt, tightening her muscles and climaxing with her partner. She is lifted to the edge of the hot tub and as one of the women attacks the cream pie, the other offers her slit to her mouth. One of the men steps up and slips himself into the woman snacking on my wife. They establish a rhythm, cumming almost simultaneously, as I rise, pour her a drink and deliver it to her. 

She gulps the sweet drink voraciously, partly dehydrated from the activity and partly to neutralize the tastes in her mouth. At this point, I bend and tongue wrestle with her. I realize I am only one of two people here who have not had sex with her, but I am content to wait until later. 

I retrieve my beverage and settle into what can only be described as a double wide lounge chair. I am joined shortly by the two women from the hot tub as I smell the flavors beginning to waft from the grill. The women take turns attempting to slurp my dick back to life. Not working. My wife suddenly appears, somehow manages to straddle the lounge, smothers my face with her boobs, rides my dick half a dozen times and leaves. The women now mount me face to face, one on my prick and the other with her pucker on my nose and her sloppy slit on my mouth and begin to make out with each other while I am (unfortunately?) left to fuck and suck. I soon pump another load into the pulsing pussy above and am shortly rewarded by a squirter rewarding my oral efforts. 

OK, I surrender, my afternoon is OVER! It has been a great time and I plan to tell you about the evening festivities as I remember them.