 To the literary purists - As with all my stories, I act in the role of narrator. This is a short story specifically designed to fit on one page. As such, there is no character development and no witty dialogue. I am not writing the next great novel. To everyone else, I hope you enjoy.

*****

Synopsis - 5 mature couples have gathered for a pool party. We are mid 50's, with one couple in their 40's and the other 3 in their early 60's. Sexual activity has occurred all afternoon and we now are taking a break for food, camaraderie and to determine if any of us are able to continue. On to Act II...

The grill smelled wonderful, a mix of sausage, burgers, chicken and some skewers of shrimp and vegetables. As the food was removed from the grill and the naked guests made their selections, I wondered where the rest of the evening might hold. I grabbed some shrimp and sausage and went to an empty seat next to the only woman I had not had my dick in today. Early 60's, about 115#, with slightly sagging breasts. I asked her if she would be so kind as to season my sausage for me. She reached to my plate, grasped the warm sausage and inserted it into her pussy before removing it, turning it around and inserting the other half. She replaced it neatly on my bun as I thanked her for such a unique condiment, immediately taking a bite and rolling my eyes in appreciation, while knowing the next Polish sausage inserted into her would probably be mine.

I could see my wife at another table in an animated conversation with the group seated there. She definitely had her flirt on. It was only moments before she dipped a shrimp in some butter and "accidently" dripped some on her breast. And it took less time for one of her posse to use his tongue to clean it up for her. Of course, we all know where this leads, more spilling, more licking, until ultimately she is laying on the table and all the couples have gathered to use her as the dessert bar. There is whipped cream, chocolate sauce and fruit scattered in places that would lead you to believe this has happened before. I simply sat back and watched as the other couples devoured the sweet decadence.

The sun had set and after people had refreshed their drinks, the gathering began to move inside. I looked around quickly for the younger woman, only to watch as she was whisked away by the 3 older men. My wife had become engaged in a conversation with the younger man and the hostess and before I knew what had happened, I was approached by the remaining two older women that I had met earlier on the lounge chair. One of them had obviously learned a new trick from my wife's earlier escapades and managed to land some condensation from her glass on her chest. She asked me if I would help her with that and as I reached for a napkin, she grabbed me by the back of the head and drove my face into her cleavage. I licked away, leaving far more moisture than the initial spillage. Each of our little groups now went their separate ways.

My group ended up in the mother-in-law suite, which I found apropos, given the age of our little ménage-a-trois. I was attacked by my cougars and as expected, was inserting my Polish sausage into a greasy little passageway. There is the song with the lyrics "older women make beautiful lovers" and she was no exception. She was at the age where she knew a thing or two about a thing or two. Still being sexually active at her age meant she knew what she wanted and how to get it. She rode me until she came, collapsing, exhausted, on my chest. 

Now we reach the good news/bad news part of this little story. Bad news first, I hadn't cum yet. Good news is that I am still hard and having already cum 3 times today, may stay that way for a while. Better news, our third party has rolled me onto her and guided my missile into her silo. I hardly missed a stroke in the transition. She had ridden me earlier in the day, but my attention had been split between the two women at the time. Now I had control of the coupling and found that not only were her small nipples sensitive, but that she absolutely loved having them played with. So I nibbled, bit, pinched, rolled, twisted, using most every move I had in my repertoire. Just as she was bucking to an orgasm under me, someone squeezed my balls and my right nipple at the same time. My earlier partner had recovered some and was trying to be involved. Needless to say, I started to empty my balls and as they retracted and shrunk for my orgasm, the hand left my sac and I felt a finger, then two enter my ass. Best news, my explosion went from satisfying to epic.

The three of us lie exhausted. I'm not sure if the spirit is still willing, but I know for a fact the flesh is weak. My mind wanders to my wife in the other room and my imagination sees her raw from the pounding she has received and recovering while her cream pie is being devoured by our hostess. I decide to check on her, treading lightly down the hall and nudging their door open.

Much as I imagined, I see our hostess cleaning up her sloppy cunt. The twist is that her male companion has recovered and is vigorously stroking between her tits and is endowed enough that she is licking his tip on his upstroke. Occasionally he stops and she slurps on the helmet of his cock sloppily, providing added lubrication for his attack on her chest. She begins to toss and squirm as her next orgasm arrives. Her partner continues to slide between her breasts and as she finishes her orgasm and lets out a sigh of satisfaction, he rudely stuffs his cock into her open mouth and gags her as he spurts multiple streams of sperm into her, as she gulps to avoid choking. I encircle my arms around our hostess, helping her to her feet and lead her to another room.

We lie down together, me kissing her to extract a taste of the essence of my wife's most recent conquest. I caress her back and ass, massaging deeply. I slowly kiss my way down her body, spending extra time to nip at her breasts and suck on her nipples. I nibble across her flat stomach, then down one leg and up the other, paying special attention to her inner thighs. I have arrived at my ultimate destination and attack her slit and clit with determination. She rocks as my tongue works its magic on her love button and I lap up her juices as they flow. She moves into the 69 position, sucking my limp penis into her mouth. I know that is a "no go" and increase my flicking of her clit. Her orgasm begins to wash over her and I hold her tightly until it subsides.

There is now movement in the hallway. It's 2 of the older men. They are apparently familiar with the situation and go right to our hostess, roll her onto all fours and one begins to slide into her ass as the other offers his cock to her mouth. I watch as they establish a rhythm and when she clenches in her orgasm she spurs the release from them both. I wander out, in part to find my wife and also to see if I can catch my second (or is it third) wind. I find a small group gathered at the bar and join them. No sign of my wife.

It appears the party is winding down. The men are not much use anymore and the women appear to be walking very gingerly. Sucks to get old. As we continue to mingle at the bar, I realize we are only missing our host and my wife. Nothing to do at this point but wait.

Eventually, we hear a door creak open and our missing participants join us. My wife has a shiny trail down her leg and her pubic hair is matted. Her face is flushed. In the interim, most of the couples have retrieved their clothes and are in various stages of dressing. I have donned my shorts and have no idea where my wife's clothes are as she changed in one of the bathrooms. I offer her my shirt, which she accepts and slides over her head. It is just long enough to leave the bottom of her ass cheeks exposed. I'll need to remember that for another day. We are all one big happy family at this point.

Our hosts offer lodging if anyone wants to spend the night. Most everyone is exhausted and wants to get back to their own homes. My wife excuses herself to retrieve her clothes, but returns still wearing my shirt, carrying her bag. I like the look on her, but it leaves me shirtless. Not my most attractive look, but hey, they have all seen me naked. We all say our goodbyes and start the trek home.

On the way my wife is now animated the way I thought the trip to the party should have been. As we pull into the garage, she attacks me, French kissing and groping my cock and balls. I do get aroused by her attention and we head into the house, where she promptly pulls my shirt off over her head. She makes short work of the button and zipper on my shorts and we are quickly both naked. She grabs me by the balls and leads me to the edge of our bed where she bends forward and wiggles her ass at me. She again begins to chatter and soon she is relating what she wants done to her. I plunge my cock into her as she tells me how wonderful a lover I am. I plow away until she goes silent and collapses on the bed. A couple strokes later and I pull out and paint her back with the very last sperm I have left. She has now become an inanimate object while I clean her up and tuck her beneath the sheets.

My phone chirps, another email has arrived. Our hosts have invited us back for another weekend!