 I am Vinod from eastern India, working in a reputed organization as Chief engineer, 45 yrs old. My family consists of my 39 yr old wife, Vijaya and two children. She is 5'-4"; 56 kg in weight. I always encourage her to be in proper shape. I believe due to my strong wish my wife maintained her figure well. Her figure is now 34-33-38 though she gave birth to two children. To be very frank, she is having bit saggy boobs now. But proper bra has kept those melons in nice shape.

Her cute face, long dark-colored hair, wide eyes and killer smile has given her damn sexy appearance even at 39. My wife always dresses smart. She came from a conservative, religious family. Although she is quite wicked in bed; I believe I was the only one who had ever seen it. I am very much career oriented and recently second plant of our organization has kept me extremely busy. Though we have always been faithful to each other; in the bedroom we were not that much active recently.

Last Wednesday when I came back home from office, something happened to us that I want to tell you about. The previous month, my wife had some muscle pain while doing Yoga. One renowned doctor was consulted for that. His medicine cured the issue to a large extent, but little bit more comfort was desired. He suggested that some massage from experienced person may heal it quickly. Our children were in my in-laws house as school declared holiday.

I saw an advertisement of massage parlor run by professionals. 

"I got the perfect place for you," I said. "You should get massage at that spa."

Vijaya just laughed. I liked the idea of massage for her. She had mentioned several times how she wanted to spend a day at one of those spas. But I didn't agree because all of those spas are mainly served by horny men. I know they try to seduce those ladies and fuck them hard. They explore opportunities to fuck others wives, that's all! We both are having cultured family background, so naturally stay away.

My wife is having her housewife friends in our small town. She is closely attached with them in friendship: Viji, from Kerala, South India; Kajal, from Bihar, Eastern India and Soma. All three are from age group of 35-40 years. They have two kids each, only Soma having one. Soma is from Bengal like us. They are all just sex bombs having very nice curves. My wild side always would die to fuck each of them hard though I am loyal to my wife.

They share lot of information among themselves regarding children, husband or sex life. That I know from my wife while chatting. I was facing erectile dysfunction at this age of 45 for last few months. I believe Vijaya shared that too with her friends. That closeness or trust they are having in each other. Due to that faith only, Viji took the initiative to arrange a well-mannered massager from Chennai. That man, Raj came to our town to massage some gymnasts. Viji clubbed this too and made it possible for my wife. My wife suggested me to come back home early. I believe she would feel comfortable in my presence though her friends would attend the session to make her feel good.

When the man reached our house, my wife rang me up. She informed me about her friends' presence there. So, I decided to complete my office job and reached home after around 30 min.

I opened the front door and entered my room, through the opening in window I looked into our bedroom. I noticed my wife just getting prepared for her massage. She was looking conservative as usual in saree.

I went at another door of my room. I opened it just a crack and peeked in. I saw the massage man sitting in a separate room.

My wife removed her saree-blouse; then she removed the petticoat. 

I saw my wife to strip many times, but seeing her doing it in presence of the ladies was quite arousing for me. Soma stepped towards my wife and offered to undo her bra. Vijaya nodded her thanks while I stared at them through the window. She was pawing over Vijaya's bra. She reached behind her and unclasped it. The bra hit the floor, letting her breasts fall under their own weight. My wife's perky tits tumbled into view, blue veins running here and there just under the milky skin. Her big boobs bounced back to life with their unexpected freedom. I thought my wife looked magnificent. A funny little feeling ran through me as I saw a hand glide over one of her big tits.

I waited there eagerly and looking forward to see the next step. Then Kajal stuck her thumbs into her knickers and slowly pulled them down. I was glued to the spectacle, my eyes wide open. Vijay bent over, lowering the knickers to the floor and stepped out of them. She became naked....completely naked. She looked very, very hot with generous hips and her belly was almost flat. My eyes travelled lower and she had a lot of hair on that thing. We didn't have sex for few months. Naturally I can't expect that area to be clean.

Her luscious mounds were swaying and bouncing considerably with gentle eroticism. Little whoops and laughter were heard from the ladies. Her friends appreciated her curves, her pussy swelling forward, her plump ass with the long, deep cleft between the cheeks. I felt rush of pride for my wife!

Kajal even cupped my wife' breasts and held them for some time to feel. 

There was a large table in the middle of the room covered with sheets. A table nearby held all kinds of oils and liquids to be used for the massage. I believe that ladies arranged all these things.

My breath caught in my throat. My wife was every man's wet dream. Her hair was done up with a clip and her skin seemed to be glowing. I watched as she glided over to the table and everybody would admire her firm features. She gracefully pulled herself up on the table and lay on her stomach. 

Soma covered my wife's naked body with a bed sheet. Kajal walked over to the CD player and put on some lazy music. Then Viji called the man in.

I found the muscular young man in T-shirt and short pants.

"Hi mam, my name is Raj, and I'll be your massage therapist today?"

"So is there anything special that you want me to work on today . . . any areas that have been bothering you?"

Viji interrupted him, "Raj, my friend is lying there under just a bed sheet and you are almost fully covered! That's not fair! Please just wrap yourself in a sheet if you like." 

The man felt ashamed, went back to the room and within a few seconds appeared in just a towel around the waist. 

Vijaya sighed again and said, "Yes . . . my shoulder needs some massage. You're the expert . . . I'll leave it in your hands." She showed confidence.

"Ok . . . you just relax and leave everything to the expert," Viji laughed as folded the sheet down to expose her lovely back . . . keeping her ass modestly covered. Raj moved to the side of the table and began applying steady strokes with both hands up and down the full length of her back. Intermittently he would vary the length or the pressure, and then he would use her fingers to work indefinite areas that felt tense.

This went on for quite a while. Raj worked her entire upper torso including her neck, shoulders and arms. Nothing much was said between them and I thought my wife had gone to sleep. The only thing that really kept me on the edge was a couple of times when I noticed his fingers wandering to the sides of her breasts which were crushed underneath her. But my wife made no effort to protest or stop him.

After some time, Raj pulled the sheet back up on her back and moved back around to the side of the table. Reaching down to her feet, he slowly pulled the sheet up and folded it just below her bums. I was not stunned to see that Vijaya held her legs closely together. Just an inch or so more, and he would have nice view. 

He poured some more oil on her hands and started to work on her thighs, one of Vijaya's most delicate areas. She loves a good thigh massage and that lead to nights of heated passion in our early married life.

As he worked her tiny feet, Vijaya made the first sound I had heard in a while. It was a mix between a soft chuckle and a whimper. She raised her head again and whispered softly to the ladies, "Oh, he certainly is good at this..."

Gradually he moved his way up her legs, rubbing and caressing every inch -- past her subtle inner-knees, up to the back of her thighs. Then I could start to see the soft curves of her ass buns come into view. His strong actions initiated her hips to move up and down beneath his grip. Using long strokes, he started at her feet and pushed up both legs until his hands came to rest just below her buttocks. 

There was no doubt Vijaya was enjoying the sensation too. She was clearly awake now and almost regularly she would breathe deeply between her arms. I noticed her hips start to move slightly on their own.

Raj moved around to the side again, and, without a word, folded the sheet over in the middle of her back exposing one entire side of her body. With some fresh oil, he started to work directly on her uncovered ass, his slippery fingers started to probe down between her cheeks and legs.

Suddenly I heard Vijay pant as contact was made in her sensitive area... "Umm...are you sure it's part of the service?" she whispered.

"He is just getting to the deep tissue areas," Viji answered softly. "Are you ok?"

"No, maybe just a little ashamed," she puffed back. "Nobody but my hubby has touched me down there."

"Don't worry . . .," Raj chortled. "I'm a professional. It's part of my job."

She seemed to relax again, and Raj moved around to the other side and repeated the practice -- folding the sheet over and exposing the other cheek.

Hearing no further protests, Raj started to move his expert fingers deeper between her legs with each pass. 

Vijaya's breathing began to get heavier with each passing moment. When his arm movement changed, she began to moan and gasp again. Her skin had a soft gleam on it as she continued to rock back and forth on the table. Her hands began to clasp and release the table above her head. As he increased his speed, she would raise her head at times and she had never looked prettier.

By that time I undressed myself, but only brief. I felt some movement between legs inside my brief. Here was this beautiful woman -- my wife -- twisting and gasping lustily on a table while a big man gave her obvious pleasure. 

I was sure she was nearing orgasm, but Raj slowed down her movements. 

He said, smirking broadly. "Mam, I need to do your front."

I tried to catch my breath as Raj rearranged the sheet over her. The ladies held it up like a curtain in front of her and told her to turn over.

As she changed sides, I could see how glowing with enjoyment she was. Vijaya was clearly in a state of excitement. Her brown nipples were hard and erect and her bouncing swaying breasts tossed as she lay back down. 

Raj went to get some fresh oil as my wife sneakily observed his muscular body. His towel tented out in front of him. Who noticed that I don't know, but her hubby did.

Raj moved to the head of the table and started to massage her neck and shoulders. Without warning, he shed the sheet down to her waist, revealing her perky tits in all their glory. Their exact tapering shape was flattened against her a little bit in this position, but the nipples stood up proud.

He rolled her big tits here and there, caressed her thighs and belly.

It was like an electric shock. "Uhhhhhnnggg!!!!!!!" she groaned, with her eyes closed tightly. The look on her cute face was pure pleasure, she liked that.

I don't think I'd ever seen her so overwhelmed. He reached the sheet; he simply whisked it off onto the floor.

Vijaya lay panting on the table like she had been shot. Her hips were still making small, unconscious movements. Before she could totally come back to earth, Raj reached down and pulled her ass to the edge of the table. He raised her knees up and pushed her big buttery thighs wide. But my wife's only objective was to get the massage, right? I was wrong.

All of a sudden Soma pulled the towel from Raj's waist and tossed it aside. Thrills quivered through me as I saw the long thick cock wobbled into view, already erect and skinned back, mats of hair surrounding the roots. Great wrinkled balls were swinging there, loaded with semen.

Is she going to let him fuck her? Am I going to get to see my wife riding another man's hard-on? The answer came in a matter of seconds.

Then he took his huge dick in his fist and started to rub the golf-ball sized head back and forth against her soaking wet pussy. I was furiously rubbing my cock.

Somewhere among the sluggishness in her head, my wife realized what the man was doing. She raised her head and her eyes blinked open. "No. . .Please, I can't do this . . . I'm married....This isn't right!" she whimpered.

Then the ladies broke into that glittering smile, "Just relax and enjoy. He is a professional." 

She looked closely at the faces around her. "Please . . .," she whispered, "we shouldn't do this. . ." 

"But that's what he is here for, babe . . . to please you. It's all part of the service. Now just lay back and get ready for some serious treatment!" Her friends tried to convince her. My wife sounded weak and as if she got confused what to do! I think she was scared of his dick size, much bigger than mine! 

Viji took out a condom from her purse and Kajal rolled it on his huge dick and he started to push his big cock into my wife. Apparently the ladies had planned it earlier, so came prepared with condom.

Soma and Viji gripped my wife's arm as Raj settled his naked body between her wide open thighs. He forced her knees wide apart. His massive cock aimed at my wife's vagina, slightly parted due to her spread attitude. My raging beast was roaring within the usual confinement.

"Don't! Please don't..." she moaned softly as the man pushed golf-ball sized head gently in while Kajal was caressing my wife's thighs and belly.

My mouth fell open as I saw the big knob disappear into the tight looking hole.

"Aaaaggg...." She whimpered again as she felt the huge cock sliding into her. But he went sliding right down into her and she took him in one long gulp. Her sloppy pussy became a round red ring conforming itself to the size and shape of its master, glutted with a cock other than mine for the first time. His big nuts were resting on the lower cheeks of her twisting ass, his mat of hair pressing hers.

Raj took things very slowly and let her get used to every movement before he went further. He asked if she was all right. She nodded -- still with her eyes squeezed tight. She started to breath very heavily again.

Viji worked both nipples with her fingers. As she started to become more comfortable he curved his arms underneath her legs -- pulling her thighs wide apart. It gave all of us a good view of the tip of his cock buried in her moist hole. By that time my wife accepted what is happening there.

Vijaya without knowing my presence informed her friends, "My husband may reach anytime!!"

What an amazing sight -- watching a near total stranger fucking my beautiful wife. Right at that time Kajal found me looking towards the spectacular show. As she looked in my eyes, Soma and Viji followed Kajal's gaze and saw me in the doorway. They smiled at me and nodded to get into the room.

Kajal replied with a grin, "He is here only. Mr. Husband please come in."

I entered the room just in a brief. My wife had a puppy eyed look, she was searching me. Then she looked directly at me, "Honey, I am fucking stranger's cock!!!"

I breathed to myself without realizing it, "Do as you like, babe. I watch you and enjoy", my eyes glued to the remarkable scene a couple of feet away.

"Vinod, you can't stand there staring at me lying naked in front of you. It's not polite."

I was surprised to see my wife's reaction then, "Babe, why have you still got those ugly underpants on? Come on, off with them."

I really had no choice now, Viji hooked her thumbs into my underpants and slowly lowered them to the floor and I stood up straight.

"Wow," cried Soma. "Vijaya, your hubby is truly magnificent."

"Hi...dude...! Liked the show?" Viji pointed towards the table where Raj was pounding my wife's cunt. Then she saw my swollen cock and her mouth spread in a wide grin. "Sure, enjoying it."

She was right. My cock was already erect and hanging to five inches. I held my hands in front of me, trying to cover my small prick, but there was no way I could hide that thing.

Kajal walked over to me to get a closer look.

"Vinod, you have nothing to be ashamed of," she said as she gently removed my hands from covering himself. "How big are you? Five inches, we know that."

Viji echoed, "Dude, stamina is important and erectile issues are also temporary."

I watched in disbelief as his tip was going into my wife with ease. He drove it all the way in. Now both of their pelvises were touching and his wrinkled balls touching my wife's ass. She held onto the bed sheets. Raj moaned in pleasure and in his conquest of my wife's pussy. He said to me, "Sir, I am going to enjoy this." He then began his assault on her sloppy pussy; he had slow and steady strokes.

Soma looked at me and smiled, "Don't worry man, he has rubbers on and put it to good use. Just relax."

Vijaya's legs hanging of the bed and now grousing, letting out little screams of delight. Raj was being boastful and said, "Wow, your wife's pussy quite tight. I don't think she has gotten it in a while." At this point he picked up the pace. My wanton wife was going wild with him.

I never allowed her to have massage by a man before, because to me till date it should not be done with decent ladies which lead to reckless sex ultimately. But while this muscular man digging my wife, I was learning that it was a beautiful thing to see. I am a terrible person, you all think! My wife of 16 years, mother of two was being fucked by a stranger and I was enjoying it! But what else could I do? We had gone too far. Besides, we were not being harmed. She was just being screwed. Everybody likes to fuck, don't they? Even mothers, housewives.

"Fuck her!" The command came, again pulling me back to real world. Viji, Soma and Kajal were shouting excitedly. "FUCK HER MAN, FUCK HER...!"

My wife's naked body was being rocked by the powerful lunges, the creamy flesh of her thighs jiggling firmly in rhythm. She was moaning loudly, "Uhhhh.....Ahhhh.......Offffff....."

Our bedroom was looking like a porn studio now. I was enjoying the spectacular sight of my wife. My wife's whimpering sounds filtering through the excited jabbering around her.

I couldn't resist chattering while shaking my cock, "Screw my wife.....fuck her hard....show her stars...."

Some mild ladies' voice were also audible, "Bang that ripe pussy.....squeeze her juicy melons....fuck the mom.....show her the power of your dick...."

After a couple of minutes Soma proposed, "Raj, why don't you leave Vijaya-mam for the time being and let her hubby penetrates her now."

Raj agreed to the proposal instantly, "Welcome sir."

As he pulled out, I could hear the squish of her juices as her cunt released the big dick. She looked to Raj as if he was to continue fucking her. My rod was waving in front of me as the blood rushed into it.

The ladies were staring hardcore into my meat which was pointing to the ceiling and checking out my balls. When Soma's fingers wrapped around my swelling cock, my whole body shook with delight. She caressed the smooth skin of my hard member with her loving hands. Kajal cupped my balls in her hands. I could feel myself tremble with anticipation and lust. Viji was patting on my buttocks. It was intense.

I was crazy about these hot ladies, never could fuck them. Even now they were fully dressed, but it was sensuous as their fingers glided along my shaft, fleshy knobs and my soft balls!
