 5: The Gauntlet

Author's Note - For those of you who like this series I'd like to apologize for taking so long to get to writing the rest of it. I will be posting part six soon, hopefully with the final part(s) to follow some time in the next few months.



Tony replayed the events on the beach in his mind as he drove out to his next job.

 "Seriously? This guy's an amateur, that whole thing lasted like five minutes!" Darrell blurted out from his spot in the shade.

 "Who gives a fuck?" the director turns to him, "That was gold. I've known Felicia for five years and have never seen her cum on camera."

 "Yeah but..."

Felicia cut Darrell off in mid-sentence, "Darrell shut the fuck up! You fucked me for 30 minutes and I never even came close. That guy did in five minutes what would have taken you five hours."

 "Exactly," Andy interjected, "I'd rather have five minutes of sexual fucking dynamite then 30 minutes of fake moans and the guy having to jerk off on his co-star just to get a pop shot."

 Tony had vaguely been listening to everything while Brittany continued working on him. She seemed to be trying to reward him for a job well done. She was certainly doing a good job.

 "So what'll it be, you want a job?"

 Tony had agreed to give it some thought. He'd gone out to dinner with Brittany that night and he'd found out a few things about her. Firstly, she may only perform girl-girl in front of a camera but in regular life she was definitely not a lesbian. Secondly, she had an amazing pussy. It was velvety smooth and she loved to grind it on him really slow until they both exploded in delight. Thirdly, she really liked sucking dick. She'd sucked him off in the parking lot before their meal, sucked on him for a while after they had sex and then sucked him off again the next morning in the shower. He made sure to get one more quick fuck in though before she left his apartment. They had another date scheduled for next week and Tony couldn't wait to do the one thing that he'd neglected to do, go down on her. He loved the taste of pussy and he was pretty sure hers was going to be extra nice.

 It was now two days after that little scene on the beach and Tony had given his answer to Andy. He'd take the job so long as it didn't interfere with his school. The hours might not, but he knew eventually word would get around school that he was a porn star and things would change for him.

 As he pulled up to the shooting location, a warehouse that had been refitted as a sound studio, he knew that this job was a test. Sure, he'd impressed the hell out of everyone the other day but scene was basically to put him through the meat-grinder and see if he could cut it.

 He'd been promised a big fat signing bonus if this scene went well and he really looked forward to trading in the old van and getting something decent to drive around. He took note of a few nice cars in the parking lot as he pulled up. He didn't know much about the shoot other than it was going to be some kind of gangbang scene, something he wasn't particularly interested in doing but would go along to secure some money for himself. Knowing it would likely be pretty demanding he had abstained from sex or masturbation since that last little quickie with Brittany the other morning.

 He walked in and was surprised to see a bunch of naked guys standing around, five of them by his count. There were also a lot more lights and cameras this time around. He began to get a little anxious but then he spotted something that cheered him right up. Several girls wearing shirts with the logo "Monster Bang 48" were setting up some chairs in a line. They were the fluffers. He counted five chairs and five girls, he was really glad that Brittany wasn't one of them. As much as he enjoyed her fellatio skills some part of him wasn't keen on the idea of seeing her going down on other dudes. Not after they had spent the night together.

 "Hey! What's up man?" Andy bellowed as he walked toward Tony with a big mug of coffee in his hand.

 "Not much man. So what's the setup?"

 "Pretty simple. Six guys, three girls. They'll be on these mats back here..." he pointed to three large foam "love mats" that were on one side of the room, "and you guys will just fuck 'em. Pussy, ass, get them to blow you...whatever. We're shooting for three hours so if you need a break at any time go get some water and have one of the girls fluff you. Cum as many times as you want to....we've got sponges." he chuckled, "just have fun and show me some of that intensity you had the other day at the beach. I know it's not that same thing here, but if you can be intense here you can be intense anywhere."

 With that he slapped Tony on the arm and told him to go ahead and get undressed. The fluffer girls had already set up and two guys were already getting blown. Not wanting to miss out Tony stripped down and walked on over to the line of girls. He picked out a nice looking redhead and stood in front of her. He waited a moment but she didn't start sucking.

 "You're the new guy huh? The one that fucked Felicia senseless at the beach?"

 "That'd be me." he smiled.

 "You gonna amaze us today?"

 "I certainly will try. I've got a goal in mind."

 "Oh yeah, what's that?"

 "I'm going to make each of those three girls cum really hard and I'm going to cum on each of those three girls really hard."

 "I wanna see that." she smiles and then goes to work. Her tonguework is nearly as good as Brittany's but she made up the diffrence by going even deeper. Tony put his hands behind his head and relaxed, content to enjoy the blowjob until the main action kicked off. A couple of minutes later the three girls came out. The first one was white and thin, big fake boobs and bleached blond hair. The second was dark, possibly a pacific islander, she was very pretty and had just the tiniest bit of a belly. She had nice thick thighs as well. He couldn't wait to fuck her. The third was slightly older than the other girls, probably in her early thirties. She too had big meaty thighs and what looked to be a big natural rack. She was blonde and had a nice little light brown bush. He wished the other girls had had bushes too, not that he didn't love a shaved beaver, but porn girls tended to have used-up "turkey neck" pussies that he felt would be sexier if they were partially covered with a little fur.



The girls laid down on their mats and slowly the guys began to flock to that side of the room. Tony was the last one enjoying his fluffer service when the redhead looked up at him and spoke, "You gonna get in there or you just came here for a blow?" she smiled.

 "Feels so good there's not much incentive for me to go over there." he laughed.

 She slapped him on the ass and gave his pecker one last lick, "Get to it, I'll be here when you get back."

 The first bit of the gang bang wasn't that exciting for Tony. He mostly just stood next to the older blonde girl and got some ocassional dick-sucking while one of the other guys fucked her. Finally after about twenty minutes the guy pulled out and quickly shuffler over to her mouth, pushing Tony aside. He came into her mouth and then walked off to get some water. Not wanting to just stand around anymore Tony walked around to the girl's open legs. Her pussy was quite wet and looked like it would be a sloppy good time. Without hesitation he plunged into her and was rewarded with a nice little moan.

 "Feel good?" he asked her.

 She looked up at him like she wasn't used to anyone caring what felt good to her or not.

 "Yeah. I like it deep and slow."

 "No problem." he smiled at her and started to work.

The cameramen were a bit distracting at first but the older girl's pussy felt so delightfully good that he wasn't about to lose his hard-on. She wasn't tight, but not loose either, just enough to feel really good. It took a few minutes of some slow deep grinds but slowly she started to moan more and more. One of the other guys was now standing next to her and getting sporadic head which she had almost totally ceased now. Instead she was beginning to breath hard and her moans were becoming deeper.

 Tony made sure to angle his hips the best he could to hit her G-spot and it seemed to be working. Before long she was moaning constantly and her face was getting flushed.

 "I'm going to cum!" she looked up at him and said."

 "That's right girl, cum for me...cum for me!"

 He maintained pace and within fifteen seconds or so he felt her pussy change shape and begin to contract. To his surprise she managed to pop him out.

 "Put it back in!" she pleaded.

 He did exactly as instructed and went right back to grinding her G-spot with the head of his member. Almost without a break in between she started to cum again.

 "Fuck, I'm cumming again!"

Tony let her spasm around his dick, it felt good and he liked knowing that she was getting off so well to him. When she finished spasming he grabbed her by the hips and looked at her in the eyes, "My turn."

 He start pumping faster and harder, not super fast like he had with Felicia, but faster than what this girl had been wanting. It didn't take long before that familiar feeling was rising within his balls. Tony thrusted hard one last time and pulled out. He didn't put his hand anywhere near his penis, he wanted her to do it and she seemed to catch on. She reached down between her legs and gave his dick a few good jerks before it shot rope after rope of hot white cum onto the girl's bush and all over her belly.

 When he was finished cumming she smiled up at him and winked, "Thanks."

 Tony took a moment to go and get some water and a couple of those half-sandwiches which are often put out for catered events. He then walked back over to where the fluffer girls were. The redhead he'd gone to before was now busy with a hispanic looking fellow so he chose a long haired blonde. She didn't say anything, just went to work. She was aggressive and slurped up and down on his cock so hard that he thought she was trying to get him off. What she was doing certainly worked, in no time flat he was rock hard again was eyeing the fake-boobed little blonde girl. He wanted to get her out of the way so he could really enjoy banging the islander. He pulled away from the girl's mouth and without so much as making eye contact with him she switched to the next cock in line. Tony couldn't say he particularly liked that, to him it was more of a turn-on to connect with somebody. Oh well, there was a job to be done.

 He hustled over to the blonde girl who was having some semen cleaned off of her stomach from the previous guy.

 "Hi."

 "Hi." she smiled and returned.

 Without wasting more words he grabbed his dick and lined it up with your swollen opening. He slid it in with no effort at all, she was even looser than the other blonde. This time he wanted to go for the brute-force approach so he got down on the mat with his knuckles like a gorilla and proceeded to bang the poor girl's opening furiously hard.

 To his surprise, mostly because she hadn't made a sound, he suddenly started to feel vaginal contractions around his dick and she let out a singular loud moan. She grabbed his shoulders and her eyes rolled back into her head. She hadn't lasted a whole minute with him inside of her. All Tony could do was smile as she gasped for breath and looked up at him lustily. He banged her hard for another two or three minutes but she didn't cum again. Still, she seemed to be rather enjoying it and at one point was even grabbing his ass and pulling him into her. Tony tried for a few minutes more to cum but she just wasn't tight enough, he was having trouble getting enough stimulation to orgasm again, especially after that load he'd left on the older girl's belly. This time it took Tony a good ten minutes or so to work himself up to climax. He really didn't want to blow a full load on this girl so he figured he'd just try to have one of his mini-orgasms and save the full one for the hot islander girl. Apparently he wasn't the only one who thought the dark girl was nice looking, she'd already had four guys fuck her and all four had shot off, one of them covering her from pussy to mouth. Finally Tony felt himself getting close and as he'd learn to do he pulled out just before his orgasm truly started. He let out a moan and shot one gooey shot of cum all over the skinny girl's clit. She seemed to like it and even rubbed it in a little, using his spunk as lubricant to play with herself.

 Tony thanked her for the good time and went to get some more water. When he returned he noticed that his redhead fluffer friend was busy once again, damn. He picked out a cute little asian girl and introduced himself.

 "I don't know if I can fit that in my mouth." she joked, but she tried her best. She was only able to get the tip in, not because of length but because of girth. She sucked and slurped and licked at the head the best she could but after a few minutes Tony asked her to just jerk on it. This she did surprisingly well using both of her small hands. As soon as he felt the first stirrings in his balls he knew he was horny enough to go and tackle the hot tanned girl. He thanked the little asian girl and walked over to where the islander girl was laying. She had two guys already around her, one was fucking her and the other was jerking off over her tits. Tony mosied up on the other side and smiled down at her. She smiled back with a beautiful smiled then grabbed his junk in her left hand. She wasn't nearly as talented with her hand as the little asian girl had been but it was enough stimulation to keep him hard. He didn't have to wait very long. The hispanic guy grunted and shot a load all over the girl's tits and almost immediately after the black guy who'd been fucking her pulled out and shot a load onto her stomach.

 Without even waiting for a cleanup crew Tony jumped between her legs and invited himself in. She moaned in pleasure as he filled her up. Her pussy was sloppy wet, tighter than the other two girls but still not terrible tight. It had an interesting texture though and she seemed to like him just grabbing her legs and going to town. The girl had nice tits that bounced hard with each thrust and she kept clenching her vaginal muscles which felt incredible. Unlike the other two girls, however, Tony had his work cut out for him. Fifteen minutes of hard fucking and this girl still hadn't orgasmed. He was determined that he was going to make her cum before he did. Then she looked up at him and asked, "Are you almost finished?"

 That just made him angry, she was used to being a fuck-toy and didn't expect any pleasure for herself, that's probably why she wasn't getting much. Oh well, if she doesn't want to get off then so what? Tony pulled out of her and instantly slid his dick into her ass. He damn sure was going to get a lot of pleasure out of her. Her ass was tight and felt incredible but she seemed to almost pull away in pain at first. He instantly regretted being rough and diving right in, he should have been more of a gentleman about it.

 "Sorry, am I hurting you?" he asked.

 "What? No, it feels really good." 

 Then he got it, she really likes anal. He started to pound the hell out of her and right on cue she started moaning like crazy.

 "Got you." he thought to himself. He only hoped that he could hold out long enough to get her off. Her ass was so tight and felt so good on his cock that his balls were already beginnging to tighten. As she started moaning more and more he reached down and started furiously rubbing her clit. Her moans grew louder and her body began to shudder. Just as he thought he was about to lose it and cum deep in her ass she came, hard. Her body shook and she squirted all over him. Covered in sweat and other bodily fluids she collapsed against the mat.

 He slapped her on the thigh, "Oh we're not done yet."

 He got her into doggystyle position and slid his cock back into her ass. She gasped in pleasure as he pumped away. It didn't take long before that tight tanned ass was bringing Tony to orgasm. She moaned, nearly screamed as the head of his cock swelled inside of her. He pulled out at the last minute and rested his cock between her ass cheeks then reached down and grabbed her tits from behind. His dick jumped and spurted shot after shot of hot cum onto her beautifully tanned back. When his member had finally stopped twitching he slapped her on the ass and dismounted her. He turned around to see that the whole crowd was looking at him. He made like he was tipping his hat at the camera, smiled and then walked off set.

 There was still over and hour left of filming by the time he'd gone to pee, clean up, get some water and have another sandwich. When he walked back into the room where everyone was he noticed his little redhead wasn't busy. Most of the guys were either completely spent or were fucking one of the girls on the mats.

 "Heya." she said as he walked up. "I think you're a hit."

 "Thanks."

 "Need me to get you hard again or are you done for the day?"

 He glanced down at his member, "Fuck it, let's do it."

 With no further encouragement she went to work sucking on his now-tender member.

 "Mmmhmm?" she asked without stopping what she was doing.

 "Yeah, just like that."

 He noticed her hand drop to her crotch and slide up under her skirt.

 "You having fun today?"

 She popped his dick out and looked up at him, "You guys..especially you, have got me so damned horny I don't know what to do with myself."

 "Want me to fuck you in the parking lot after shooting wraps?"

 She smiled and nodded yes then went back to sucking. Tony just relaxed and enjoyed it for a few minutes then he suddenly got an idea. By now most of the guys had given up and gotten dressed. One was still fucking the older blonde girl and another was pounding the dark chick in the ass but not getting the same response he had gotten. The skinny blonde girl with the fake tits was laying there waiting for someone to come over.

 Tony noticed one of the cameramen who had gotten bored and sat down in the corner. He excused himself from the redhead, "Don't go anywhere and stay available."

 He walked over and grabbed the cameraman, "Hey you, turn that thing on and follow me."

 The camera quickly obliged and got to his feet.

 "What are we doing?" he asked.

 "Just keep the camera on me ok?"

 The camerman nodded his understanding. Tony walked over to the skinny blonde and grabbed her by the ankles. He spread her legs apart and pulled her toward himself. Before anyone even knew what he was doing Tony was inside of her and pumping away hard. Less than half a minute later the girl was clawing at his back and moaning in ecstasy. Tony felt her cum hard and then her body went limp, as if she was totally done for the day.

 He turned toward the redhead fluffer and pointed at her. With a wet smacking sound his dick pried itself from the depths of the skinny blonde. He walked over to the redhead and grabbed her, helping her to her feet. He then bent her over the folding metal chair that she had been sitting on and lifted up her skirt. Her cute fiery red little bush was wet and matted against her outer labia. He grabbed her by the back of the shirt and thrust his dick into her.

 "Ooh!" she screamed in excitement.

 Tony turned to make sure the camera was still on him. Not only was the camera on him but all eyes were on him, even the guys who were fucking had stopped to see what was going on.

 Certain that the camera was now on him Tony grabbed the beautiful girl's hips and proceeded to fuck the hell out of her. He was thrusting as deep as he could possibly go and she was loving every minute of it. Her pussy was the perfect tightness and it was incredibly wet, he knew that very soon that hot pussy would empty his balls. He fucked her so hard that the chair nearly flipped forward and she screamed in delight, "Aaahhhh!!! I'm cumming!!!"
