 Maxine was jerked suddenly back to the present. Salma was grasping one of her slim, hose-covered ankles, strapped into a four-inch heel, and lifted one of her own legs in the air, out across Maxine’s body. Maxine felt the foot touch her breasts and reached out to grasp it, fondling it. She rubbed the sole and laced her long fingers through the toes. Salma enjoyed the unexpected foot worship and then leaned in to continue what she wanted to do. She lowered herself, aiming her cunt at Maxine’s cunt. She dropped on her one leg til their cunts were touching, then she pressed herself to Maxine’s’ cunt, and started rubbing her pussy back and forth against the other woman’s. Maxine was surprised at the new lesbian assault, but she was enjoying the stimulation, and she was strangely excited that their pussies were touching. Salma continued like this and she felt her wetness mingling with Maxine’s. Maxine too could feel the other woman’s cunt cream being transferred to her labia and rubbing over her pubic hair. Her formerly pristine pussy hair was getting nice and slimy and matted.

Salma wasn’t satisfied – she wanted to truly transfer her cum to Maxine’s hole, so she reached between them, using one hand to hold Maxine’s tight lips open and the other to scoop inside her own cunt, scooping up dollops of cunt cream and the residue of several men and pushing that hand into Maxine. She repeated this several times. Maxine was overcome with disgust as the depravity, but again, strangely excited and aroused. It was like Salma wanted the reward men enjoy: to deposit their cum in a beautiful woman. As a woman, Salma was doing the next best thing. She wanted to plant a piece of herself inside Maxine. Maxine felt strangely honored. She realized, despite her cruelty, Salma was immensely attracted to her and wanted to own her like a man could own her: by depositing his seed inside her. Salma asked George to hold up both of Maxine’s legs, so he did. He stepped over her and with his back towards her, he grasped both slim ankles and pulled them up and out. This way, Maxine’s cunt was not going to leak anything out. Salma plunged her fingers back into herself, then scooping out a huge creamy dollop, pushed it into Maxine’s cunt. She wanted to make sure it got good and deep so she pushed three fingers deep inside her, pushing up the cum scum she has just fished out of her own pussy. Maxine’s head started to spin. Salma pushed four fingers inside her, opening Maxine’s elastic pussy wider. Maxine gasped. Then five fingers as she tucked in her thumb. She finally determined she would push her whole hand in Maxine’s cunt. Maxine shrieked as she felt her cunt stretch to accommodate the bulge of Salma’s hand. Maxine’s beautiful pussy lips stretched over the hand until Salma had it buried to the wrist. Maxine’s elastic pussy closed again and as Salma left her hand inside, Maxine’s pussy closed around Salma’s wrist, her labia forming a tight seal around the other woman’s wrist. Salma watched with fierce eyes. She was impressed by Maxine’s amazing cunt. It was not only beautiful to look at, it had stretch and recovery powers unlike any she had seen. Maxine’s pussy had sealed itself around her wrist like it wanted her there. Salma leaned down and licked the tightly stretched pussy lips encircling her wrist. Maxine groaned, her eyelids fluttering. Her clit was sticking out from its hood, having changed from pink to deep red and pointing straight into the air. It had swelled to twice its normal size. Salma looked at it but she didn’t touch it, but only blew on it. Maxine almost passed out and she felt a powerful orgasm building inside her, starting at her extremities, from her toes cramped in her pointed heels to the top of her head. Maxine’s clit did a little dance, twitching of its own accord. Her pussy twisted inside her. All the lubricating pores in her hot, wet vagina started working furiously, pumping up her feminine fluids. All eyes were on Maxine’s body, roaming from her glorious auburn hair and beautiful face, across her huge, heaving breasts with their hard nipples straining almost two inches into the air, down her taut, concave tummy to the tight pussy clutching the woman’s hand deep within her, then up each of her widely spread long legs, covered in bright white hose, her slim ankles and elegant feet strapped in four-inch black high heels. Maxine’s clit became the center of attention. It seemed to increase in size even more and virtually pulse like a fire engine light. It stretched obscenely beyond its protective hood, as though reaching for something just out of grasp. Salma relented and raised her other hand to approach the twitching red bud, her thumb and forefinger hesitating millimeters from closing in, then suddenly squeezing the sensitive bud as hard as she could. Maxine screamed a high-pitched scream, a sound mixed with pain and ecstasy, then her whole body convulsed. Tears welled in her eyes.

Salma could feel Maxine’s pussy twist within her, trying to navigate the foreign invader pushing her vaginal walls apart. Her fluid ducts released all their held-up juices and Salma got the sensation around her intrusive hand that some men are lucky to feel around their cocks. Maxine was releasing a torrent of girl cum. Salma suspected that it was enough to rival her gushes. She was still holding onto Maxine’s clit. Still holding it tightly between thumb and forefinger, she started pulling it up into the air. Maxine shrieked again, trying to lift her hips to give relief to her stretched clit. But Salma was pulling it more than Maxine could lift her hips. She managed to stretch it to twice the length it had been. Then Salma withdrew her other hand from Maxine’s clutching cunt, so suddenly the top and bottom of her slit tore a little from the bulge of the hand passing through. Droplets of blood formed on the tears and Maxine shrieked again, the tears flowing from her eyes. She hadn’t stopped cumming. Salma looked at her right hand glistening with Maxine’s girl cum, and the mix of her own cum she had transferred to the other woman. She told George to keep holding up Maxine’s legs so the cum would stay inside her. George nodded knowingly. He had done the same thing.

Maxine had a pool of fluid washing back and forth in her spasming cunt. It was meant to be released but it was trapped inside. And her clit was throbbing with exquisite pain as Salma continued to squeeze it and stretch it. And her cunt, elastic as it was, had torn from the sudden withdrawal of Salma’s hand. It had grown accustomed to the hand being inside her, having formed a tight seal against the woman’s wrist. Her opening was now twitching, the formerly neat labia in disarray.

As she lay like that, George stepped back around her and aimed his cock at her again, but this time his target was her asshole, as yet untouched this round. He had Salma step through Maxine’s legs so she could continue to hold onto her clit, then bending his knees, he rested his cockhead against Maxine’s pretty pucker, and before she knew what was happening he thrust forward with all his might and weight. He broke through her tight anal ring, tearing it and making it bleed, spreading her anal passage as he went along, not stopping til his balls were pressed into her crack. Maxine screamed loudly again, tears pouring down her cheeks. George was fit to burst and started spurting his cum deep inside her tight anus. Maxine felt the burst of wet warmth in her bowels and came again.

And then the gangbang began in earnest.

George pulled his softening cock out of Maxine’s sore asshole, which wrinkled up into its cute pucker again. But it had been a while since Maxine had had an enema, and his cock was slimy from the shit deep in her rectum. He paused, then walked over to her head and reached down to pull her head towards his cock.

“Please, no!” squealed Maxine. “Don’t make me take it into my mouth. I don’t want to taste shit again.” But George was insistent and Maxine reluctantly opened her mouth and George slid his shit-slimy member into Maxine’s pretty mouth. She gagged as she tasted her own shit, but she dutifully licked it clean, swallowing the rectal slime that was coating George’s black cock. When she was sure it was clean, she opened her mouth and George looked at his cock lying on her tongue. Satisfied that it was clean, he withdrew his dick.

Two more men got onto the bed. They were raging hard, having waited for their turn through the show that had just been put on for them. They made Maxine sit up and one got below her, making her straddle his body as he looked up at her face. The other grasped his cock in hand and fingered her crinkled anus. The one below her was Matt. It made sense he was at the top of the batting order as he had been a ringleader. Matt aimed his cock at Maxine’s cunt and pulled her down. The tip went in and he murmured his appreciation at her wetness. He went in further, holding her hips and intently observing his cock as it disappeared inside her. Maxine also looked down at her pussy, giving little whimpers. She was kind of glad he was smaller than George – only eight inches, but his cock was fat. Matt pulled her hips down hard, getting all the way inside her.

“Aaaaaahhhh!!!” he moaned. “You are so hot and wet. You are one hot bitch! I’m glad I got you while the night is young, while you’re still tight.”

Maxine just groaned. The other guy, one of the new Mexicans, positioned himself behind Maxine, pushing down on her back to round her asshole up in the air. Maxine’s tits touched Matt’s chest and he grunted approval, reaching out to grab the twin globes, pulling on them and fondling them.

The bearded Mexican touched his cock to Maxine’s anus and forced the head inside, making her moan again. He finally got the head through and resumed pushing the rest of his shaft into the 35-year-old woman’s tight super-tight asshole. He was grunting and breathing heavily. Maxine was screwing up her eyes and tossing her head. To anyone coming in at that point, she looked like a very willing DP slut.

The Mexican got more of his nine inches in and tried to pull back a bit to gain a rhythm. He found it incredibly difficult to move his cock, so tight was Maxine’s asshole. Matt was meanwhile arching his hips off the bed to thrust up into her pussy, gripping her waist firmly in his hands. He was loving the look of her cunt lips encircling his cock. If she was this tight for him, he imagined what she must be like for George. And just wait until LaTroy got his cock in her! He smirked at the thought.

The men eventually got a rhythm, pushing in and pulling out of her two tight holes. Matt sometimes just rested a while with his cock in Maxine’s cunt while the Mexican, Ramone, shoved his prick back and forth into Maxine’s asshole. He was able to move more easily inside her now, even though her asshole still hugged his cock like a glove. He was glad to be able to fuck a woman like this, because his wife never let him into her asshole. And he couldn’t believe his fortune at being able to fuck such a beautiful white whore. He had jumped at the chance when informed by his friends at what was going down. He considered all this while moving his brown shaft in and out of the smooth, pale white ass beneath him.

Matt groaned and shouted as he came. He added his cum to the mixture already inside Maxine, the mix of Maxine’s own cum, George’s seed and the slush from Salma’s twat that she had transferred to Maxine. Maxine came helplessly at the burst of warmth deep inside her, washing against her womb. Ramone got excited at hearing the other two coming and he started ejaculating in Maxine’s ass. He pulled out and some last spurts splashed over her white butt.

Matt was tapped on the shoulder by one of the next pair waiting, so he reluctantly pulled out of Maxine’s tight twat and crawled out from underneath her. The next two, this time two black guys, took Maxine in the same position: one below her and the other at her backside. The guy going for her pussy this time was a bit longer than Matt, but about as big around. He wasted no time pulling her hips down towards him, her slit anointing his glans before he penetrated her. He too groaned at her wetness.

“Sheez! I hope I don’t get none of yo diseases that are mixed up in this bitch.” Maxine smiled grimly to herself. If only they knew.

The guy at her backdoor had a very slender cock, but it was 11 inches long, making it look like a black snake. He had a better time getting it into Maxine’s asshole because of his thinness and the increased lubrication of two previous loads of cum. He started sliding in and out of her tight ass, going so deep with his cock that Maxine felt him probing areas inside her as yet untouched. She was getting that feeling of discomfit, like she needed to take a dump. She knew she had to control that or these men would be angry.

The guy in her pussy was thrusting slowly in and out of her, watching as his ebony cock slipped into the pink hole between this white woman’s thighs. Like many other black men, he felt a tremendous surge of power at being able to fuck a white woman, especially one this beautiful. He knew how angry the sistahs got when they found out their man was hankering for white pussy. He reached up to handle her tits like Matt before him, loving the weight of her big breasts and the smooth white skin. Her nipples were standing out, hard as rocks.

The guy in Maxine’s ass completely withdrew his cock, watched her asshole pucker up, then thrust it back inside like a sleek torpedo. Maxine moaned at every entry. She was relieved this cock was thinner, not stretching her poor ass as painfully as George and some others, but he was getting so deep, tickling her intestines. He felt her asshole clutch at him and he started coming, never ceasing to thrust in and out of her as his penis shot forth its load. His cock slithered through its own ejaculate, working it up into a froth which bubbled out of Maxine’s hole. Maxine groaned and lay forward onto the guy’s chest below her. He took it as a sign she was loving this action, his own black cock within her, and started pounding into her pussy with a vengeance.

“Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!” whimpered Maxine.

“Thin cock” withdrew from her ass and left the guy below her to enjoy her fully. He reached around to grab her butt cheeks and ground her onto him, squeezing the flesh of her butt and leaving read marks. He felt Maxine’s pussy contract and that made him finally lose it. He shot and shot and shot into her, adding his seed to the others. Maxine flushed with her own orgasm and coated his cock with her fluids.

“Mmmm, yes bitch! You love black cock deep inside you, don’t you? You love my big black cock.”

Clive was held captive by the continuing spectacle, but he felt a sudden twinge of jealousy at the remark.

It was true, though. Maxine had flirted with Bruce at the gym precisely because he was black and she wanted to try black cock for herself. Up to that point in her life she had only been with white men (and women, if you counted her mom!) She wasn’t disappointed. Black men seem to try harder with white women, she assumed, as if they wanted to impress. And from her most recent experiences, many of them seem well hung. She thought Bruce was big until George had fucked her!

She came down from her orgasm and the guy beneath her withdrew, then kneeled in front of her, put a hand at the back of her head and offered her his deflated cock. Maxine was too exhausted to resist, which she knew was futile anyway. She opened her mouth and took him inside, cleaning the cunt cream and semen off his cock, tasting herself again. He withdrew his cock, which was now coated with her saliva rather than cum. She swallowed and wiped her lips with the back of her hand.

Another black man hurried forward and jumped onto the bed and stood over her.

“Not on the bed!” someone shouted, so he pulled her off, and she was startled to land on the floor. The man grabbed her hair and said excitedly: “Bitch, I been waiting for this,” before letting forth a torrent of yellow piss in her face. She was shocked. It was the man she had relaxed her bladder on in the first gangbang. He wanted revenge. She thought he was being cruel but he also seemed to be turned on, having to hold his hard cock down to aim it at her face. Her face was drenched, her hair was getting soaked and her eyes were burning from the piss.

“Open up some, bitch, so you can taste my piss,” the man said.

Maxine absolutely refused, but her jerked her hair painfully so she cried out and he got some piss in her mouth. She coughed and spat, but he jerked her hair again and she whimpered and opened her mouth, the piss filling her mouth til she had to swallow. She swallowed and swallowed and it burned her throat. It was her second load of piss this evening, after Salma had made her drink her piss. Her stomach was feeling upset. How much more degradation would she endure, she wondered to herself?

The others were getting extremely turned on by the sight. The beautiful white slut was drinking piss! The man squeezed out the last few drops and then started moving his cock against her tongue. She realized he wanted her to give him head now, after he had humiliated and degraded her! The man above her closed his eyes as he held her hair in his fist, sliding his cock back and forth on her tongue.

“Suck me bitch!” he said.

Maxine closed her lips around his cock, starting to suck on his glans as she worked her tongue around the shaft. His cock grew bigger in her mouth, growing to its full 10 inches. He let her just suck him for a while, before he started moving his hips in little thrusts against her mouth. Maxine was trying to get him to come as quickly as possible, so he wouldn’t try to get his cock down her throat. But the man was lasting too long.

In the meantime, J. Lo, Salma and Aitana were paired up with men around the room, kissing and groping.

The man in Maxine’s mouth was groaning, fondling her hair and massaging her scalp as he brought her head in closer. The tip of his cock was now touching her epiglottis and she started to gag. But he kept his cock in her mouth and pulled her in closer. He was plunging back and forth in her mouth now, starting to go down her throat. She tried to push him away, but he gripped her head determinedly. Finally, he got his cockhead past her epiglottis and in the entrance to her throat. Maxine gagged and coughed up bile which burned her throat. The man kept pulling her head back and forth on his shaft. She swallowed her bile again, along with loads of saliva and the pre-cum leaking from the man’s urethra. The man was now repeatedly ramming past her epiglottis, squeezing his cockhead into her tight throat. Her throat was clenching and relaxing, massaging his cockhead and he was loving it. Saliva was coming out the corners of Maxine’s mouth and pouring down her chin. The man gave one final thrust, pulling her face right up against his belly, her nose buried in his musky smelling pubic hair, her lips stretched obscenely wide over the base of his shaft, pressed right against his balls. He got his cockhead lodged in her throat and started pumping his semen straight down her gullet. Maxine couldn’t breathe, her throat plugged and her nose squashed against the man’s belly. Her face was getting red and she started frantically waving her hands.

“Hey, let her go, man,” one of the other gangbangers said. “She can’t breathe.”

Clive was getting scared for Maxine.

The man in her mouth just smiled and looked down at her, almost with affection. When he finished cumming he relaxed his hold on Maxine’s head so she could breathe through her nose. He pulled out slowly, and she coughed and choked.

“Make sure you swallow it all, bitch,” he said.

Maxine was panting with her mouth open now, his cock still resting on her tongue. You could see a string of creamy semen still attached to his urethra and lacing Maxine’s tongue. She swallowed what was in the back of her mouth and he held his cock and wiped it all over the inside of her mouth, wiping off the string of semen.
