 Erik has begun sharing Maya with Steve, but now will become a more active participant in the activities.

Content includes anal, voyeur and fetish.

...

I let Maya's skirt slide off of Maya, and as it fell, she was nearly naked, wearing only the lacy white panties I had just gotten her, and while the frilly undies were quite enthralling, I was pretty sure that Steve would be taken by what they didn't cover.

"Thought you would appreciate this," I told Steve after I set the skirt aside, and when Steve's eyes saw what had been revealed, I knew that I had been correct.

"I'm speechless, for once," Steve said in a whisper, as he cupped his cock and pulled on it slowly, and even though he had just had his member drained by Maya's mouth, he showed signs of getting ready to get back into action.

"Beautiful, isn't she?" I asked while Steve's fingers played with the abundant curls that the panties could not contain.

The hairs sprayed out from the sides and the tops of the lace, and their stark blackness against the brilliant white of the panties was as mind-boggling sight for him as it was for me.

Tugging the panties down so that Maya could step out of them, her full beauty was exposed, and the dense jungle between her legs was glistening with moisture. Her panties were actually dripping, as I held them up for Steve to see, and he smiled while putting his hand into her bush.

"Maya - you are so hairy and so wet," Steve said, as he probed into the fur.

Maya surprised me by reaching over and grabbing Steve's cock, which was already half hard, and after she touched it, Steve moaned.

"You're incredible," Steve muttered.

Maya looked over to me, and I nodded in approval while I took off my clothes, and after I had gotten naked. Maya reached over and grabbed my cock, and stood there milking the both of us, while Steve played with her pussy.

"I am so lucky," Maya said shyly, looking at the stiffening cocks she was stroking. "For so long, I had no man, and now I find myself with two men. Two men so virile and well endowed, and two men that find me attractive."

I moved Maya onto the bed on her back and nodded at Steve, who went down to his knees while parting Maya's legs and burying his face in her bush. I could hear his slurping and lapping while I positioned myself next to Maya's head.

With glazed eyes, she took my cock in her mouth, sucking first on the knob before starting to lick the underside of it, her tongue gliding up and down the entire length of me while making little sighs of pleasure.

With a mischievous grin, Maya's lips parted and she let me slide my cock into her mouth and down her throat a ways, and while she was no Kyle in the cock-sucking department yet, Kyle's tutoring had shown some amazing results already. Now Maya was able to take more than half of me without a problem, and she had learned to use her tongue as well.

Maya's sucking was hampered by her muffled sounds of pleasure, as Steve worked over her pussy with his tongue, but soon I saw his face emerge as he rose up kneeling, his erection wagging around in front of him. Steve looked at me first, and after I nodded, he took his cock in hand and guided it to Maya's pussy.

They both groaned as Steve slid his long tool into Maya's glistening wet pussy, and as he sunk deeper and deeper into her, I pulled my cock out and straddled her face, letting her lick and suck on my balls.

Maya's tongue worked around expertly, licking from the underside of my cock right on down to my perineum, causing me to shiver. Hearing her breathing get louder and more rapid, I pulled myself away from Maya's face.

"Man!" Steve muttered as he thrust into Maya in a steady rhythm. "She's got a snug pussy. Figured you would have stretched her out with that thing of yours by now."

"Maya's very resilient, and multi-orgasmic, as you're going to see soon," I warned Steve, seconds before Maya started cumming.

I held Maya down by her shoulders, my thumbs stroking her armpits, while Maya lurched and bucked under Steve's prodding. After she stopped spasming, Steve pulled his cock out of her.

"What muscles she has down there!" Steve exclaimed. "You want some, my man?"

I nodded and rolled Maya over onto her stomach while Steve rolled over a bit. Lifting Maya's lower half up by the hips so that she could get on her knees, I took Maya's little bronze ass cheeks in my hands and spread them wide.

"Take a look at this," I suggested, and when Steve saw Maya's furry ass crack, and her cocoa-hued balloon knot, he almost burst.

"I think I died and went to heaven," Steve muttered as his finger slid through the crack. "Don't tell me you've fucked her there."

I nodded and chuckled as Steve rolled his eyes.

"You going to now?" he asked.

"No," I said, guiding my cock to the furrier opening underneath it and pushing it in, as Maya made a loud groaning sound that sounded like a moo. "I'll bet you'd like to."

"Dumb question."

"I thought that maybe we could give Maya something to remember," I said as I knelt behind her and kept moving her body on my cock. "Let her keep you primed for now."

Steve went up to where Maya had her face buried in the bedding, and spread his legs above her head. Maya lifted her face to see Steve's scrotum right in front of her, his long arching cock curled up towards his stomach.

Without skipping a beat, Maya began sucking on Steve's sac, going back and forth in taking each low-slung ball in her mouth and sucking it hard, and then letting it go with a low popping noise. Her hand had reached up and grabbed his dick, slowly milking his tool while she did the nut work.

I would look at Steve with every loud pop, and he was clearly loving what Maya was doing, shaking his head and laughing while she worked him over. After a few more minutes of watching Steve getting milked and sucked, I pulled myself out of Maya's pussy and brought my index finger to Maya's anus, toying with the puckered ring before letting my finger slide in.

"Oh!" Maya whimpered, and looked back over her shoulder at me. 

"Get up for a second," I directed Maya, and as she let go of Steve's package and rolled over, I took her place on the bed.

"Climb on," I told Maya while I held my cock up straight.

"Oh good," Maya said, swinging her leg over me and slowly sinking herself down onto my cock.

"Why good?" I asked Maya. "Did you think I was going to fuck you in the ass?"

"Yes," Maya hissed as she lowered her body down further, impaling her pussy with my hardness.

"Maybe later," I said, motioning for Steve to go into the night stand, where he pulled out the tube of lube. "Right now, Steve is."

Maya looked confused, glancing at both of us, but mostly at Steve, who was priming his pump with enough lubricant for a week, and then squirting a little on his hand before climbing onto the bed behind Maya.

"I don't - I mean," Maya stammered, while Steve climbed behind Maya, and I saw her shocked expression as Steve began working the lube into Maya's ass. "How?"

I reached up and took Maya's arms and pulled her down toward me to give Steve enough access and a good angle. I felt his legs against the insides of my thighs, and tried to ignore the feeling of his balls rolling against my own as he put his cock into her, and I could feel his tool on the other side of the thin membrane as it slid into her.

"Aayyii!" Maya screamed as Steve drilled deep into her ass, which caused her pussy to get even more impaled by my cock.

"You like that, don't you Maya?" I asked her, but she was clearly not up to conversation, having herself being stuffed with at east a foot and a half of cock.

Instead, I just ran my hands up and down Maya's arms, enjoying the feel of those furry limbs which were taut as they held her up above me. Steve was hugging her around the waist as he methodically slid his cock in and out of Maya, and she whimpered meekly as Steve seemed to be almost pulling completely out of her ass, and then sliding almost all of that long pole back in again.

"Fucking unreal," Steve grunted. "So tight."

I started massaging Maya's teats as the little cones hung down in front of me, wet and slippery with nipples fully expressed. Steve's hands slid up toward where mine were, and I let go of her breasts so that he could enjoy them, but his hands were going elsewhere.

I watched as his hands glided over her breasts, squeezing them briefly, before they moved over to Maya's armpits. His pale, bony fingers raked through Maya's armpit hair, which were dripping with sweat. As he stroked and pulled at the dense tufts, I forced myself to look away, for fear I would cum from watching.

Maya was under no such need, because I could tell by the way her pussy muscles were starting to ripple on my cock, very much like a snake swallowing prey, that she was going to cum. 

"Gonna cum, aren't you Maya?" I asked her, and she replied by making a sound that could have been just about anything.

Steve began thrusting into her much harder and much faster. Maya's mouth was open, and she there was drool coming out of the corners of her mouth as she tried to stay on all fours under Steve's ruthless pounding. Her eyes were all white when she came, her body going into a seizure under the onslaught of both of us.

Seconds after Maya kept, Steve started groaning gutturally as well, and while Maya collapsed onto my chest, Steve exhaled while I felt Maya's insides twitch, the result of the spraying of his cum into her. He looked like a drowned rat as he looked over Maya's shoulder at me before falling off to the side.

Everybody was happy and satisfied - except me. I was still hard as a rock and inside Maya's pussy, but after a couple of thrusts, I figured that Maya was pretty much spent. Easing out from under Maya, I looked at the two lifeless bodies I was sharing the bed with. Steve was sprawled out with a look of sheer contentment, whereas Maya looked like she was in a daze.

For a brief moment I considered rolling Maya over and doing her ass as well. After all, she would be a lot looser than she had the first time, but the thought of getting into that cauldron of fluids did nothing for me, so I propped Maya up so that she was almost sitting upright.

She smiled weakly and as I moved closer to her, she opened her mouth, offering to take care of me orally, but I had another idea. Lifting her left arm, I moved closer to Maya, my erection swaying and bobbing as I moved. Maya caught on to what I was going to do and grabbed the bed sheet and dried her armpit as best she could.

With cock in hand, I slid next to Maya and rubbed the head of my cock into the damp jungle, and with long and sweeping strokes, I began to slide the crown of my cock up and down the spacious expanse of fur, from the inside of her bicep right on down, just like a roll-on deodorant.

"Please don't tell me that feels as amazing as that looks," Steve said, now propped up on one elbow and watching with great interest.

I remained silent, and just continued to rub my cock up and down, and the smile on Maya's face showed that she was not only loving the feeling of my cock stroking her sensitive armpits, but was also enjoying my enjoying her. The head of my cock was turning red when I finally felt my orgasm on the way, and I looked down just in time to watch my cum spurt out, saturating her armpit with rope after rope of my seed.

"Fuck!" I heard Steve mutter while I squeezed out what was left inside of me and rubbed the tip of my dick around in the milky mess.

"She does have another armpit, you know," I reminded Steve, whose eyes lit up at the prospect. "And we do have all night."