 This story was inspired by a sub who switches that I have been mentoring. We are planning to co-top another sub. This was a story that I wrote for her of a possible scenario. She'd like it to happen, so hopefully we can find a slender, dark haired woman with which to play out this story. Any takers?

-----

You open the door for us, dressed in a robe. I enter first, greeting you with a deep kiss, tongue & all, grabbing one of your large, generous and sensitive breasts, squeezing firmly. 

"I brought us a present," I say and step aside so Natalie can enter. She resembles a half-asian Michelle Tractenberg, a slender but shapely brunette in a dark short sleeveless dress. Goth, with pale skin, a generous amount of dark eyeliner, and half sleeve tattoos, with images from Bauhaus videos rendered upon her flesh. She wears a tiny hoop nose ring, with midnight blood lipstick. Long straight hair falls to her mid back and spills over her shoulders, barely covering her pert b-cup breasts. Pageboy bangs frame her face perfectly.

"Good evening, Mistress" she says meekly, head bowed, hands clasped in front of her. You step to her, lift her chin with your fingers. You lean in to brush her lips with yours, then move to her neck, first inhaling then a long lick, causing a gasp from her. 

"Mmmm," you whisper in her ear. "Yes Sir," you say to me. "I think she'll do fine."

You slide the dress from her shoulders and it drops to the floor as she drops her head, knowing she did wrong. She stands in front of us in a black lace bra and panties. Instructions were to wear nothing underneath. 

"Oooh, you're in trouble now," you say as you tear the bra and panties from her.

"Oh no!" she gasps.

Too late. I bind her arms behind her back, securing each wrist to the elbow on the opposite arm. We drag her to your bedroom, against her pleading resistance. You stop her before your bed and take her head into your hands for a deep, forced kiss while I stand behind her and blindfold her. I then bind her ankles and also her knees together. My hands drop to her B-cup breasts. Cupping them, I pinch her nipples, causing her to moan into your mouth. You drop your fingers to her bare pussy, finding her already wet, as I am already hard. She gasps and undulates as you slide your fingers across her clit, up and down her soaking slit.

"I think she's ready," you say.

We kiss, sandwiching her between us, she feels my hard cock against the small of her back and shudders. With a gleam in your eye, you step back so we can push her face down onto the bed. I straddle her, knees on either side of her thighs. You settle down on the bed, facing me, and spread her ass cheeks. Her tiny pink asshole winks at us, beckoning.

"Let me get you ready," you say.

You lean forward, taking me into your mouth. You suck me deeper and deeper in, feeling me grow even harder. I slide in and out of your mouth, my hand on your head, feeding you. You gag a little as I hit the back of your throat, but eventually suppress the reflex and take me all the way in. Reluctantly, you pull back, leaving me coated with saliva and plant a kiss on the tip.

"Now he's ready," you say.

You move back, spreading her open for me and grasp my cock with your hand. Lining it up with her asshole, you pull me forward. She starts to squirm when she feels you rub the head around the opening.

"No, no!" she protests, then yelps when you spank her hard with your other hand. 

"Enough!" you say sternly. "You brought this on yourself, now you're going to pay the price!"

You slap her again and she jumps.

"I remember when he did this to me," you whisper in her ear, nipping it and getting another yelp in return. "I resisted...just like you are," as you lean across her back, keeping her from getting away. "But it didn't make a difference. You might not like it at first, but you'll learn to love it. Like I did."

She sobs a cry as you pull me forward again, this time rubbing her clenched opening in circles. With a little pressure, her anus relaxes and I start to slide in. I stop for a moment, letting her adjust as she groans. I begin gentle, slow back and forth motions as she moans protests. Soon, I'm all the way in. I groan at how tight and warm and soft she is.

"Mmmmm," you say. "You're all the way in her ass. God, that looks so hot!"

Her crying turns to sniffles, turns to moans as she gets used to me sliding gently in and out. Lying over her, I slide one hand under her belly and grasp pert breast in the other. I turn us on our right sides, so you can slide up in front of her, facing her. You kiss her face all over, reassuring her it will feel better. You slide up a little farther and feed her your left nipple. At first she tries to avoid it but opens her mouth to gasp as I twist her nipple hard, and you shove her face to your breast. She squirms but has no choice but to start licking and sucking you. You lift your right breast up to me so I can also start sucking you. We both add some biting, causing you to gasp. I reach in between you and Natalie to finger you but you grab my hand and place it on your breast.

"No", you pant, "I want to... cum... just like this... just from... my tits."

Who am I to deny you that? And certainly Natalie is in no position to do anything about it. So we keep at you. I grasp your breast firmly in my hand, gripping hard, just as you like it. I take your nipple tightly between my teeth and start rapidly flicking it back and forth with my tongue.

"Oh, god!" you cry.

I'm not sure what Natalie's doing to you, but it must also be working because you start moaning and groaning, getting close. You reach between us to finger Natalie's sopping wet pussy. You feel me in her ass through the thin membrane, thrusting in and out harder and harder. Hooking a finger in her, you pull on her G-spot while she whines into your breast, which almost smothers her. We work on you like that for awhile, as your orgasm builds.

"Fuck, keep it... keep doing that... getting close."

You start squirming on the bed.

"Shit... shit!" you cry. "Ah... that's it... like that... gonna... gonna... cumming!" you cry as the wave of an orgasm washes over you.

We keep going through the orgasm until you pull away from us, the feeling too intense. Natalie and I gasp for breath. Then I roll her over, back on her stomach and start fucking her steadily, pinning her to the bed with my pelvis. She grunts and moans as I pound into her, harder and harder. Having recovered, you sit in front of us, spreading your legs and move down so Natalie can lick you.

"Eat her." I growl into her ear." "You don't get to cum until she does again."

She drops her face in between your thighs and starts lapping at you, desperately seeking out your clit, to make you cum as quickly as possible. I feel her getting close as she starts to try to press back against me, to meet my thrusts. I pause as I feel her about to cum and she whines in protest. You take her head in one hand, forcing her against your crotch as you thrust into her face.

"Yes... yes... eat me you slut! Make me cum!"

I shove one hand down under us, rubbing her soaking wet clit while the other slides under her chest to take her tit firmly in my grasp. She gasps and writhes beneath me.

"Please Mistress... please... oh please... let me cum! I can't take it any more!" she wails. 

"Finish me first, bitch!" you pant as you approach orgasm.

You finally explode, your juices coating her face.

"Fuck yeah! Oh GOD!" you scream.

I can feel her shudder beneath me, her orgasm about to begin. I stop mid thrust, causing a huge protest.

"Nooooooooo! You said I could cum when she did- OUCH!!!!"

I pinch her clit and twist her nipple painfully.

"Sorry... SIR! I meant to say Sir!" she pants.

You, being the devil you are, rip the blindfold off, pull her head back by the hair so you can stare deeply into her eyes and say

"No, wench. Now you must wait for Sir to cum first."

On the brink, she is forced to hold herself back.

"No, please, Mistress! I need to cum," she sobs. I am so turned on by the two of you I start fucking her harder, grinding into her, keeping her right on the edge.

"Fuck her! Cum in her ass! Let her feel it!" you shout.

"Fuck yeah!" I roar as I explode into her, ropes of cum coating her inside. She squeals as she feels it.

You pull out from under her and lean in to whisper in her ear while you stroke her hair and face.

"You may cum now, pet."

She squeals and convulses beneath me in orgasm, tears streaming down her face.

"Thank you... thank you... thank you!" she sobs as her orgasm winds down.

We lie there together, panting. Eventually, I slowly pull out of her and we untie her. Then the three of us lie there together, holding her between us, her head resting on your chest as I spoon in behind her. She drifts off to sleep as you and I trade kisses and follow her into unconsciousness.