 When we looked up from the table and saw the smile on Cujo's face as she approached us, we knew Mike at least would also be joining us. Bob too was grinning, and I couldn't help but notice the now very obvious bulge in his pants as he stood next to her.

"Well?"

"Mike will be here in about twenty..." she said. "Gave him your room number, told him to meet us there. Only thing, he said he'd like to use your shower first after he arrives. Told him that shouldn't be a problem, and no doubt someone would probably join him when he got here. He sort of liked that idea."

"I bet," Mabel laughed. "I've already showered, so I doubt it will be me, though I'd be more than willing to sit there and watch him shower," she said excitedly. "Just something about seeing a man all slick and soapy gets to me."

"No shit, me too!" Cujo told her. "Maybe we can stand there and finger-fuck one another while we watch him shower, I'd like that."

"I'd love watching you two do that too," Bob said joining in, his hand absentmindedly going to his crotch as he stood there thinking about it.

"What about that other guy? Mr. Clean you called him?" Mabel asked though her eyes had followed his hand movement.

"Couldn't reach him," Cujo said, "But I did leave a message for him at the desk, as well as one with the bartender. He gets here...he'll know where to 'come'," she said emphasizing the word purposely. "Oh, and Kay said she and FC will be up in about an hour, just as soon as FC finishes things up here," she added. "So...shall we then? I'd sort of like to get in some pussy-eating before there's too big of a crowd on the bed."

Mabel laughed at that. "I rather like a lot of people on the bed at once," she stated. "Makes for some rather interesting groping all around."

"It does that," she said looking over towards me, and then at Bob who merely continued to stand there smiling. "Let's go!"

**

The doors to the elevator hadn't even closed yet when Mabel turned towards Bob as the four of us stood there.

"Ok, let's see this dick of yours," she told him. "Come on, whip it out for us."

Bob didn't even hesitate, smiling as he reached down unzipping his fly. Seconds later his fairly large prick was sticking out, and though it wasn't nearly as big in length as I was expecting it to be, the head of his dick was enormous. It reminded me of a rounded out mushroom on a thick stalk as he pulled it out, allowing it to dangle there throbbing expectantly.

"Holy shit!" Mabel said. "I'm not sure I could even get that fucker inside my mouth!"

"It's not easy," Cujo mused. "Bob might not have the longest dick I've ever seen, but it's got the biggest fucking head on it for sure! Check this out," she said grinning, and then wrapped her fist around his shaft, holding it there. It was a fairly interesting sight, even I had to admit that. Though her hand easily surrounded his shaft, the head of his prick all but dwarfed her fist as she held him. Swollen, and now growing even more purple than he already was, the contrast between his prick and her hand was obvious. She squeezed it, a large dollop of precum fuck juice suddenly appearing at the tip, bubbling forth as it lazily rolled over and then down between her fingers.

"I love seeing that," she said squeezing it again, producing another. "I love making a guy's dick all nice and slippery."

"Me too," Mabel laughed just as the doors opened. To my surprise, Bob made no effort to tuck his prick away, nor did Cujo remove her hand from it as we stepped out into the hallway. "This way," Mabel said leading the three of us, Cujo pulling Bob along behind her, his hard stiff prick still in her hand.

Inserting her key-card, Mabel entered our hotel room, her hands already reaching for the hem of her blouse pulling it up and over her head barely feet inside the room. Walking over to the sliding doors on our small overlook deck, she actually stepped outside looking over the railing bare breasts and all before turning. By the time she had, Cujo too had pulled off her own tee shirt, undoing the bra she'd been wearing and letting it fall. In seconds she moved towards May, embracing her as the two of them stood there kissing, their bare breasts pressing against one another.

"Now that's...fucking hot!" Bob stated, his own hand now slowly milking his prick as the two of us stood there watching them.

"Actually, that's hot!" Mabel grinned looking over towards us, or rather at Bob as he stood there fully dressed, his enormous prick sticking out of his pants as he continued to fondle it while watching the two girls embracing. "Come on James," Mabel winked. "Time to join the party!"

Although somewhat self-conscious, and more than a bit nervous, I now did as she'd asked. Unzipping myself, and fishing out my own hard erect cock, which I was at least glad that it was. Though perhaps a bit longer, and thick around enough, the head of my prick was far slimmer, and looked almost puny in comparison to Bob's.

"About fucking time," Cujo said now seeing me as I stood there. She quickly popped the buttons on Mabel's jeans, her hand immediately slipping down beneath the waistband, her fingers quickly locating the wet slippery furrow she found there. Mabel moaned as the woman's fingers obviously began toying with her, though she did so only for a moment longer before taking her hand out again, licking off her fingers.

"Hmm, sweet and oh so tasty!" She now said still licking them off, though she immediately undid the belt on her own jeans removing it. "Ok, time to get naked," she stated after that, and quickly began removing the rest of her clothing just as Mabel did. "Well? You two just going to stand there jerking off...with your clothes on or what? At least get naked while you do that," she added giggling.

Bob and I quickly stripped off the rest of our clothing as Mabel and Cujo walked over to the bed sitting down on the end of it.

"James? How about fixing us a couple of drinks?" Mabel asked me. I wandered over to the small side bar, my cock bobbing up and down excitedly as I did so. Admittedly it was a strange feeling to be standing there fixing drinks for everyone with my cock hard as a fucking rock sticking out in front of me the way it was. Not only that, but standing there as I fixed our drinks, seeing Cujo beckoning for Bob to walk over to them promised to prove interesting, which it quickly became.

"I love chewing on this fucker," Cujo said her hand once again wrapping itself about shaft of Bob's cock, pulling him down onto the bed with her. "Here...hold it for me while I do that," she grinned wickedly.

Now lying on his back with Mabel sitting off to the side, Cujo slid up between his legs, her tongue quickly snaking out to tickle the tip of his prick as Mabel held it.

"Feed it to me," she told her. "I like that."

Mabel indeed did that, holding Bob's enormous prick in her hand, stroking it softly up and down, her hand bumping against the flanged head of his mushroom-like prick. Cujo, true to her word began nibbling at it with her teeth, softly nipping and biting at the exposed flesh sending shivers of delight up and down Bob's spine as he closed his eyes groaning appreciatively. I stood, now sipping my drink, enjoying the spectacle as Mabel looked over towards me smiling, nodding her head in approval at me. I chuckled, realizing I was fisting myself as I stood there watching the three of them.

"I love watching a man jerk himself off," Mabel said as Cujo took a moment to look back in my direction.

"Me too," she grinned, and not many men will either," she added. "And why is that anyway? They sure seem to enjoy watching us finger-fuck ourselves, but then the moment we ask them to do the same for us, it suddenly turns into something else!"

"That's what I love about James," Mabel said. "He's so new to all this, that he's enjoyed satisfying all my silly, sometimes kinky requests. And that keeps it fun and exciting for me," she said blowing me a kiss. "And speaking of requests..." she then added. "Come over here and let me rub that hard cock of yours against Cujo's pussy for a moment. Before we get too lost and involved in sucking one another's cunts."

Bob rolled off the bed, basically exchanging places with me as Cujo now rolled onto her back. As per Mabel's instructions, I now found myself kneeling between her legs, bent at the knee and spread wide as Mabel gripped my shaft and began running it up and down Cujo's wet glistening split.

"Ooh yeah, that feels good!" Cujo moaned excitedly, her hands coming up to caress her own breasts. Her nipples were thick and hard as she pinched them, rolling them between her fingers. Looking over at Mabel, I reached out as well, now doing the same thing to hers as she continued to play with Cujo's cunt, using my cock to do so with.

"Oh yeah, I like that," Cujo moaned even more deeply as Mabel slapped her clit with my dick, pounding my shaft against her repeatedly before slowing, once again touching my dick tip against the woman's clit, and then holding it there as she worked me back and forth, side to side and up and down rapidly.

"Like that do you?" Mabel cooed excitedly.

"Fuck yes!" Cujo moaned in response. "You gonna make him squirt on me and then lick it all up?" She asked hopefully.

"Would you like that?" Mabel asked unnecessarily.

"You fucking know I do," she answered back hotly, then looking at me. "How about you James? Would you like to squirt all over my cunt and then watch May lick me all nice and clean again?"

Bob had walked over to the side of the bed, standing there looking down at the three of us once again fisting himself. "How about me?" He asked. "Mind if I toss a little cream onto your tits?"

"Please do!" She said grinning lustfully. "Shower me with all that hot sticky spunk baby, lots and lots of it! And you James...I want to feel you squirting all over my cunt, I want to feel the slick slippery spray bathing my pussy while May masturbates my clit with your dick. I want to cum like that, want to juice your prick while you're juicing my cunt. Think you can do that for me?" she asked.

I knew in that very moment, it wouldn't take much longer and I would be. I was amazed at how highly aroused I was. It wasn't something I had honestly expected, and to be perfectly truthful, being with people I had barely met, seemed for some strange reason to excite me even more. I had begun to understand the intensity of that, which Mabel obviously was already well aware of. The encounter we'd enjoyed earlier in the stairwell with the still as yet nameless man we'd picked up, had even then given me some insight into that. And now here...watching as Mabel continued to slap my prick against Cujo's pussy, Bob standing off to one side, now purposely jackhammering his own cock, had escalated my own arousal to new heights.

"You ready for some hot titty cum?" Bob asked clenching his teeth, his face already working up into a grimace.

"Hell yes! Shoot it baby, cum all over these big soft tits!" Cujo called out, once again cupping them within her hands, presenting Bob with a nice sexy target in doing so.

"It's going to be a big one too!" He warned her. "Been a while..." he left off, his face turning red as the obvious intensity of his pending climax began racing up his shaft.

"Oh yeah, cum baby...cum!" Maybel now added urging him to do so, still rubbing my cock furiously up and down Cujo's split. "Squirt it! Squirt it! SQUIRT IT!"

"Here...it...COMES!" Bob shouted out, his eyes popping open as he looked down at himself. Even I had to look over, mesmerized as I anticipated his momentary climax. Already purple and angry looking as it was, his prick head seemed to darken in color, his mushroom head swelling even more than it already was. The wide thick eye-slit suddenly opening, pulsating for a moment, and a pearly drop of pre-lube appearing. And then like someone had thrown a switch, his cock twitched, throbbed, and then shot an amazing streamer of white hot sticky spunk clean across the bed, missing her breasts completely, though he quickly readjusted his aim.

"Holy fucking shit!" Cujo cried out, surprised at the voluminous discharge, though it was rapidly followed by another, and then another, each one of those landing squarely upon her breasts. "Oh yeah! Yeah! More baby more! Cum on these titties!" She said holding them up, her hard thick nipples suddenly covered in Bob's spunk as he now leaned over, ensuring the last remnants of his still seeping prick covered them each.

I wasn't far behind. The obscene spectacle of seeing him do that triggered my own release. Mabel well aware of it, now held my prick steady against Cujo's clit, not even bothering to pump it as I throbbed once, twice, and then showered her cunt with my spray yelling out as I did, just as I knew Mabel would want me to.

"Oh yeah...pump it baby...pump it. Make me squirt again...again, that's it...oh yeah, see all that nice hot sticky spunk? See it squirting on her clit?"

I was mad with desire, lust...excitement beyond my wildest imaginings. And as I came, as I knelt there watching my semen shooting out the end of my prick, Mabel's hand now directing it up and down Cujo's lips, still working her hard stiff clit as I did so, she too was climaxing. She didn't at first even utter a sound, her body thrashing however wildly, making it somewhat difficult for Mabel to continue rubbing her with my prick. Finally, as the overwhelming sensation seized her, she cried out with a long unintelligible scream of delight, nearly ear splitting as she did. I wondered briefly just how sound-proofed the rooms were, and figured even if they were to some extent, Cujo's orgasmic cry of delight would have still easily been heard.

Almost before I was finished, Mabel dove between Cujo's legs, her lips and tongue now continuing what I'd begun doing. Cujo immediately launching off into a second orgasm, barely after the first one had run its course. I stood there next to Bob, the two of us watching as Mabel began licking up the pools and streamers of cum-cream that almost entirely covered the woman's cunt. Laughing delightedly, deliriously as she did so. I was so engrossed in watching that myself, I didn't even hear the knock on the door to our room, until whoever it was knocked again.

Still looking back towards the bed as Mabel continued licking and cleaning Cujo's cunt from my massive spending, I finally reached the door looking through the peephole quickly before answering it. Kay, FC and some other guy I didn't know, hadn't seen before stood outside patiently waiting, smiles on their faces. I opened the door, forgetting for a moment that I was standing there in the nude.

Giving me an appreciative eye as the three of them passed, Kay was the first one to speak.

"See I told you that was her scream," she laughed. "We heard you the moment we got off the elevator! I wouldn't be at all surprised if everyone else on this floor did either!" She added laughing.

"Yeah well...what can I say?" Cujo said finally sitting up, as did Mabel, now wiping off her face.

"And this...must be Mike?" She asked addressing the guy just standing behind the two women.

"Either that, or some guy that heard Cujo cumming the same time we did, and thought it might be interesting to drop by and see for himself," she laughed making me wonder if that wasn't actually the truth.

"Yeah, I'm Mike," he told her extending his hand. "And as much as I'd like to join you all, I really would like to shower first...if that's ok?"

"Be my guest," Mabel told him pointing him in that direction. 

"I think I'll join you...I am a bit sticky now myself," Cujo said rolling out of bed, but not before planting another quick kiss on the tip of Bob's cock as he stood there next to her. "And after that...I'll be needing that drink," she said winking at me.

**

I might be a guy, but even I had to admit Mike was strikingly handsome. He wasn't at all like I'd expected, though even that thought now escaped me. Tall at just over six feet, with a full head of dark hair, tanned skinned from being outside a lot. He also had what could only be described as a chiseled Adonis like look about him, almost as though he had posed for one of those ancient Greek sculptures, which as I soon learned wasn't far off the mark. Mike was Greek in fact, and looked every bit the part. No wonder Cujo had been anxious to meet up with him. And even Kay, swearing she herself would never be with a man, gave him more than a second glance when a bit later he came wandering out of the bathroom, still nude.

I was glad for the brief rest, having so pleasurably spent myself such a short time ago. Sitting about relaxing with drinks, chatting, laughing was a bit odd as by now everyone did so totally naked. But after a while, it seemed almost normal to me, and I no longer cared that I walked about only half-cocked. Even Mike was far less than erect, though his penis hung well enough to be impressive even like that. I was curious myself to see how it might appear when he was finally, and fully hard.

The other most interesting thing about the ladies was indeed F.C.'s enormous tits, particularly her nipples. I'd been given a rather quick brief introduction to them earlier in the bar. But even that hadn't quite prepared me for what I now saw as she came strolling out of the bathroom herself a short time later. Her boobs were indeed big and hung heavily against her chest, which I myself found quite alluring. They were still well rounded and full, but it was without a doubt the size of her nipples that amazed me the most.

For starters, they were almost chocolate colored, giving hint at her own exotic heritage. Her areola was larger than most as well, nearly covering the entire front portion of her breasts. That would have been interesting in and of itself, had it not been for the amazing rigidity of her nipples themselves. As thick and as fat as my thumb, they also stood easily a full two inches off her breasts when erect. A sight as I said immediately caught the eye regardless of where or what you were first looking at. The moment her breasts came into view, the eyes just seemed to lock onto them. It was almost impossible not to. And the fact she had again intimated at her looking forward to fucking Mabel's pussy with them, and soon...made that all the more exciting to look forward to in seeing.

I almost felt sorry for Kay. Though she had nice-sized breasts herself, her nipples were way small in comparison, though she did state they were very sensitive, and she had in fact been able to achieve orgasm just in having them played with. I looked forward to seeing that, if in fact it even happened, though I had no illusions on ever touching them myself.

Things were just starting to heat up again when Mike, Cujo and Mabel came walking out of the bathroom after taking a shower together. I had no doubts that Mike had enjoyed the pleasure of having his dick, fondled and very possibly sucked by Cujo at least and very possibly to orgasm after that. He was initially content to stand next to the bar sipping the drink I had fixed for him and watch the continuing developments. Cujo and Mabel on the other hand were all warmed up and raring to go again.

As I'd been standing there doing myself, ogling FC's nipples, Mabel immediately walked over, her fingers quickly reaching out and then latching onto one, just as Cujo did to the other one.

"What was it you said earlier about tit-fucking me?" Mabel asked.

"Thought you might like the idea of me doing that," she said smiling. Leading her towards the bed, FC then pushed Mabel down onto it as Bob scurried out of the way from where he'd been laying as Mabel now spread her legs, FC scooting up between them as she did. Almost immediately she beckoned Kay over towards them. "It's easier if you tit-fuck her with my breast while I kneel over her," she said. "Want to?"
