 I slowly walked through the gate of my apartment complex with my laptop bag hanging over my shoulder. The cab had dropped me outside the gate as it did every night and now.

I had to walk past 8 buildings to get to mine. 

Usually it took 2 minutes to walk to my building but at 2 am in the night, after working for 14 hours, I was exhausted and those 2 minutes seemed like eternity.

People think working in IT is fun. At times it is but most times it isn't. I was at a time when it was a nightmare. 

The deadline for a huge project was approaching in days and I spent long hours at work. Leaving early in the morning and coming way past midnight had become a norm.

The elevator door opened and I lazily stepped towards my apartment. I reached the door to my apartment and started searching for the keys inside my handbag. After a few seconds I found them and I immediately opened the door and walked in.

I literally threw the bag on the couch and collapsed on the couch. I closed my eyes, relieved that I was finally home. I had the compensation off the next day so all I could think of was sleeping. 

This is what my life had come to. At 27 years old, I was single, neck deep in work, hadn't partied nor had a single drink in weeks and I hadn't had sex in almost a year. I wasn't the hook up types so one night stands were out of the question.

I opened my eyes when I realized something. When I entered the apartment, I saw a pair of shoes near the door. Those shoes didn't belong to me or my room-mate; they simply couldn't because they were a man's shoes.

The black suede shoes stood out amongst many pairs of women's shoes. I also noticed two beer pints on the coffee table in front of me. Droplets of water trickling down them indicated that they had used minutes ago.

I sat up when I realized what I should've realized the moment I walked inside. As I looked around and listened carefully for any sign of movement, I heard a giggle; a distinct giggle of my room-mate. I stood up and walked towards the bedroom, the only bedroom of the apartment that I shared with her.

I stood next to the door of the bedroom with my back against the wall. I could now here muffled moans and grunts coming from the room. 

The door wasn't closed, there was no sock hanging off the knob, it was wide open. I realized what was happening and I wanted to leave but I just couldn't walk away without a glimpse. I slowly leaned over the door and watched in amazement and shock.

My room-mate Lucy was lying on her back on the bed; over her was a man, resting his body on his hands. Their lower bodies were covered by a blanket but the back and forth movement of his body just couldn't be missed. Her eyes were closed and her head was tilted backwards and she sighed as her lover ploughed her pussy. Her sighs started turning to moans as he started pacing up.

He lowered his head to her and kissed her to which she moaned, this time louder than before. I could see his lips sucking hers. Her one hand was resting on his right shoulder while the other moved freely and smoothly on his back.

I could clearly make out the contours of her slim shapely legs under the blanket as they moved rhythmically. The blanket slipped lower inch after inch, making his taut butt more visible as he continued drilling her, gradually picking up pace. He stopped and lowered himself, this time resting his body completely over hers. 

At that moment I realized the difference in their body sizes. Lucy was a petite five feet two inches and this guy was at least five feet eight. He slipped his hands under her body and grabbed her petite butt and her hands wrapped around his shoulders as they prepared to fuck hard.

He slowly raised his hip and then plunged it deep inside her. Lucy moaned and gasped loudly and her eyes opened wide as her lover buried his cock to the hilt inside her. 

The next moment he started stroking hard and fast and she she moaned in rhythm with the strokes. The blanket slipped off them completely as she raised and locked her feet behind his back. 

I let out a small gasp as I saw them in their most natural and the most animalistic state. His butt flexed and tightened with each stroke as he kept pummelling her pussy; his thighs and calves did the same. Her toes curled as she rose to the highs of an orgasm. I could distinctly hear the squelching in between her moans and his balls slaps as his cock rapidly moved in and out of her spread open cunt.

My exhaustion from long day at work seemed to have vanished as I watched my room-mate and the stranger engage in the most primitive of acts on a bed, in the bedroom, in the house that we shared.

From leaning near the door, I stepped out and stood at the door, watching them spellbound as they made love. They didn't seem to notice me and but their act clearly had its effect on me. 

I could feel warmth in my loins and the wet underwear patch stuck to my pussy. I felt like fingering myself to an orgasm right there in front of them; I felt like cumming at the same time with Lucy.

I hadn't had sex in a year. I masturbated maybe once or twice in this past year and I never watched porn; so this hardcore scene in front of me hit the right part of my brain and I was instantly turned on.

Moments later, the guy slowed down before coming to a halt. They opened their eyes and looked at each other before engaging in a deep kiss. He broke the kiss and raised himself on his hands before resuming the stroking, this time slower than before.

Just as he was about to pick up pace again he noticed me and I realized that. It took a few seconds for us to clear our minds out before we noticed each other. He stopped stroking and stared at me blankly. It took another couple of seconds before Lucy realized that her lover had stopped and opened her eyes. She looked up at him and then followed his gaze to me.

I could see surprise in her eyes; not surprised that I was in the house but surprised that I was watching them. Lucy was the bang opposite of me; street smart, outgoing and a party girl. She had chosen a profession suiting her qualities; marketing. Her job made her meet new people, travel the world, hook up and have sex with many men and women too.

I was the confused Indian girl. Liberated yet stuck to her traditions, very confident at her profession but not very in bed. I didn't have many friends in my life and my job was as boring as Lucy's life was interesting.

Lucy was surprised to see me standing at the door with a hand in my pants and the top two buttons of my shirt open. I didn't excuse myself out of there and Lucy didn't scream at me and neither did she try to cover herself. 

It was a delicately poised moment; a moment between me and Lucy. I could see her surprise wane a little and I could feel her beckoning me with her eyes. She always insisted I should try the wild life, embrace the 'dark side' and that's what she was doing, calling out to me.

I always admired and envied Lucy for all the crazy things she did. 

I always wanted to try something like this, a hook up, a one night stand but never could muster courage to do so. The desires at the back of my mind seemed to take over and I slowly stepped forward.

The guy was sitting up by now, watching me and Lucy. I was sure he was a tad confused and very aroused. I knew he was calculating the possibilities of his wildest dream coming true; his cock definitely showed how eager it was.

I took another step forward and stopped. The last ounce of reason and logic popped in my head. Should I do this? Should I cross the line? What would be the consequences of this? I then noticed Lucy smiling at me and that disarming smile quelled all my worries and I stepped right up.

I walked up to the bed and got on it. The guy was sitting on his shins on the bed and leaned back, thrusting his cock out as I approached him. I kneeled in front of him and lowered my head to his crotch. His cock was covered with a slimy red coloured condom. I could smell the sweet fragrance of strawberry and the stench of Lucy's juices.

Unmindful of where that cock had been minutes ago, I popped it in my mouth. I gobbled up inch after inch of his tool before reaching the base. In the frenzy and rush I ended up deep throating the guy; my first of many firsts that night. I didn't gag, didn't pull back; I simply stayed put feeling his cock head brush my throat.

I could taste the artificial sweetness of the lubricant and also the tangy, salty juices of Lucy. I pulled back, squeezing out the sweet lubricant and her juices off the condom and gulped it down. More than the sweetness, I liked the tangy flavour more and I was surprised at the conclusion. The rubbery feel of the condom was kind of a turn off and I pulled it off his cock and threw it away.

"I hope you have more covers." Lucy said as she saw her possessed room-mate take on her man of the night.

"Yeah...Aahhh..." He moaned after he replied. He moaned because I had started sucking his cock.

I didn't care if he had more condoms with him because the way his cock looked, I wanted to take him raw. He possessed a nice, long, thick sausage of meat.

He was circumcised and the big, bulbous, pink cock head glistened in the dim lights. His clean shaven cock appeared inviting and the beautiful, soft ball sack hung below his cock delicately.

The last cock I sucked was my ex boyfriends before that prick broke up with me. Abstinence for the entire year seemed to be paying off at the moment.

As I bobbed my head on his cock, I felt a hand on my head. For a moment I thought it was the guy's hand but then I realized that the hand was too small and soft to be his. 

From the corner of my eye I looked up to see Lucy kneeling next to us. She gently caressed my head as if encouraging me and praising me for the great blowjob I was giving. The guy surely was enjoying it as he moaned and grunted as I sucked his cock. 

I felt her other hand sliding down my back and on to my ass, my ass which had protruded as I kneeled, sucking the cock in front of me. Her gentle caresses didn't alarm me; in fact I wasn't repulsed because I was being sexually touched by another woman but rather I was turned on even more. Perhaps like the guy, I too had a latent sexual fantasy of a threesome and this was just the trigger. 

The Pandora box had opened and Lucy's touch made me wonder if I played on both sides of the fence; was I bisexual? I was still wearing my pants but her touch made me feel so naked, so vulnerable but so desirable.

I had been sucking this guy for a few minutes now and even though I loved having him in my mouth, I was getting desperate to have in my pussy. I withdrew and sat up. Lucy was right next to me, kneeling on the bed. She knew what I wanted and immediately started unbuttoning my shirt. 

The shirt was off a couple of seconds later and I stood up on the bed to take off my pants. I didn't have to bother with the trousers because she pulled off the button, unzipped the trouser and pulled down my pants and my panties in one swift stroke. 

She dug her face in my crotch and vocally inhaled my scent making me squirm. This move turned me on even more and I started believing that I was bisexual.

She pulled me down to face her before grabbing my face and kissing me. I was shocked at her sudden aggression but I composed myself a second later. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her back. 

I was sure the guy's eyes were popping out right now and so was his cock. Seeing two naked girls make out is a turn on for any guy, including this one. I was making out with my best friend and roommate; something I thought I'd never do.

We broke the kiss and saw the guy next to us, stroking his cock furiously, watching us make out. Lucy smiled at me devilishly before she pushed the guy on the bed. I quickly mounted him, straightened his cock and pointed it at my pussy.

"Aaaaahhh...Finally!!..." I sighed, acknowledging the end of my dry run in the bedroom. The feel of a hard, wet cock sliding up my pussy was so amazing, so divine and so dirty.

"He's not wearing a condom!!" Lucy almost yelled at me.

"Ohh...Fuck it..." I snapped at her. Seeing me in that state, she too didn't bother me further. 

With his cock buried inside me to the hilt, I started gyrating my hips; moving forward and backward, side by side and circling my hips. I mixed up my hip movements beautifully to let his cock rub against my pussy walls.

My eyes were closed, my head thrown back and I relished those small orgasm bombs that exploded in my head. His hands which were holding my waist slowly slid down to my ass and he squeezed a handful of my fleshy, taut butt. I moaned and started riding him harder.

When I opened my eyes, Lucy was on the bed lying next to him, her head next to his. She was fingering herself as she watched me ride him. One hand played with her pussy while the other squeezed her petite, perky tits. 

I was drawing close to an orgasm, my first in months. He pulled me on to him and our faces were covered with my long, flowing hair. Behind the curtain of my hair, I could see his deep dark eyes, his flaring nostrils and his stubble. It was the first time I was really noticing him and he indeed was a handsome man and the way he was fucking me right now, no wonder Lucy brought him over.

I flipped my head and let my hair flow over my back. By now he was grabbing my ass and thrusting from below. I was moaning, Lucy was cooing, he was grunting and the bed was creaking as the ménage a trois got wilder.

He pulled my bra cup and pulled my boobs out, first the right and then the left. I then felt his tongue circling around my nipple before he sucked on it. I moaned from the multiple assaults on my senses. My boobs which had not been touched in a year were now getting the right attention and the treatment they deserved. My nipples hardened as the received the loving of this man, this stranger who I had willing got into bed with.

Lucy was right next to me watching me and masturbating. Her face was flushed and drops of sweat accumulated on her forehead before trickling down. I reached over to her and she did the same and our lips met. We chewed on each others lips as two lovers who had found each other. That moment, Katy Perry's song 'I kissed a girl and I liked it' came to my mind and I indeed liked it to the point that I wanted to keep doing it.

The fucking, the boobs sucking and the kiss pushed me off the edge. I screamed so loud that I was sure the whole building could hear me at that hour of the night.

"Aaaaahhhhhh...Yeahhhhh..Luccyyyyy!!" I screamed as my hips bucked and my body shivered and trembled from the massive orgasm.

I collapsed on him, huffing and panting from the biggest orgasm I had in a while. I was dazed, sweaty, tired but still horny. That one orgasm wasn't enough for me. I wanted more. He guessed it right and pushed me over him.

"Do you want him?" I asked her. After all, she had picked him up, hunted him down and I was gate crashing her party. 

"No...watching you is more fun!" She replied and giggled. I smiled back to in a way thanking her. 

I got on my fours on the bed. My back was arched, my head tilted back, my ass jutted outward and my legs were spread; I was the perfect bitch! He kneeled behind me like the alpha dog he was. I felt his cock rub against my slit a couple of times before he pushed his cock inside my waiting cunt.

"Aaahhh..." I sighed. I just couldn't get enough of this. I felt his large, rough hands on my soft butt as he started stroking me from behind. He was taking his time, setting his pace and moving back and forth, ploughing my pussy. He wasn't the only one moving back and forth; I too was matching his strokes expertly.

Lucy was lying on the bed near me, playing with her cunt. I tilted my head to see her glistening little twat and she realized that. She spread her legs giving me a clear view of her pussy and her fingering. She stopped fingering and moved in front of me. She lied down in front of me and her pussy was now just an inch away from my mouth.

She looked down at me in anticipation. The hard strokes from behind pushed me towards her waiting cunt and my lips brushed her nether lips with each hard thrust. I looked up at her and our eyes met. My mind was blank but I opened my mouth and placed it on her pussy. 

"Aaaiiii..." She moaned as I darted my tongue at her pussy. Being a woman myself I knew exactly how a pussy is to be treated and I did exactly that. Lucy moaned and gyrated her pussy against my face as she enjoyed the oral attention I was giving her. I was surprised that I too was enjoying eating a woman's vagina. That's it...I am a bisexual!

Watching me lick her pussy gave him a kick as he started fucking me harder. My tongue darted inside her pussy as he fucked me faster and harder.

As the orgasm drew close, I raised my head and moans after moans escaped my open mouth. Lucy raised her hip and pushed it against her mouth. 

She too was close to an orgasm and didn't want to loose it. I grabbed her ass from under and licked her. She was moaning, her high pitched shrill reverberated through the room. My moans were perhaps equally loud but were muffled by her love hole.

I was surprised that the guy still hadn't cum. When I walked in he was fucking her; that means foreplay had happened and now after fucking me for a several minutes and watching two women kissing and licking each other this guy still wasn't cumming. 

Lucy and I were closing in on our orgasms and the way this guy was grunting and thrusting, he wasn't far away too. As I bit down on Lucy's clit, she screamed and came. I was hit by a jet of sticky liquid and I knew what had happened. She had squirted.

The whole idea of this encounter and the way Lucy behaved pushed me off the edge to and I came. Lucy's pussy was no more covering my mouth and I too screamed loudly as the orgasm swept over me. Through my orgasm he hadn't stopped pumping, in fact he fucked me harder as I came, making my orgasm even bigger and stronger.

I was still on my fours but my face was lying flat on the bed. I was exhausted but very satisfied. The guy kept fucking me but I wasn't mentally there now.

"I am gonna cum." He grunted with a sense of urgency in his voice. I looked back at him as he pulled out of me. The next moment Lucy pulled me towards her and I was literally lying in her arms. The guy crawled up to us, holding his cock tightly in his hand.

He kneeled right in front of us and gently stroked his cock. I looked at Lucy and she winked at me. I looked up to him and I saw an expression of urgency and anticipation. I just went with the flow and opened my mouth; I couldn't believe that I was opening a mouth to a cock which was an inch away from my mouth and was about to burst but I did.

Seeing my mouth open and tongue sticking out, he started stroking his cock harder. I saw the piss slit widening and contracting with each urgent stroke. It was just moments away but those moments seemed like an eternity. I looked up at him and then looked at his cock.

He groaned loudly and as if in slow motion, I saw a thick jet of cum spurt out of his cock and fly at me. It landed right on my lip and the splatter going inside my mouth. The next one flew right inside my mouth, landing on my tongue. The next couple of them hit my eye, blinding me. I couldn't see now but I could still feel his cum landing on my pretty face.

The subsequent jets landed on my tits signaling the end of the cum bombardment. The whole thing seemed unreal. Lucy got busy right then, licking off the cum of my face and body.

"Kavya..This is Imran. Imran...meet my roommate Kavya." Lucy said as she introduced us. 

"Lucy, Kavya & Imram; perfect example of secularism.' I thought as I sighed, catching my breath.

I knew the whole encounter lasted only a few minutes but those minutes seemed like an eternity. I knew I had changed forever and so did Lucy. We acknowledged that with a kiss and the guy lit a cigarette watching us make out again.
