 I'd never fucked a woman like this before, and I was nervous! In the past, my luscious lips and talented tongue had been enough. What if I didn't do it right? I asked Tony to place my part of the U-shaped toy into my hot, wet, tight little pussy. He leaned down, licked me from base of pussy to tip of clit in one stroke, and gently inserted the egg. It filled me nicely. I clenched around it and felt the beginnings of an orgasm swell. Connie lay down on the bed. I knelt before her and spread her legs. The cock -- MY cock -- felt heavy between my legs. I wanted nothing more than to enter her. I leaned down and kissed her deeply, licked her luscious dark nipples, then looked her in the eye while I eased the cock into her. She gasped in pleasure and began to flush. I pumped her pussy like I'd want mine pumped - hard and fast, then slow and easy, alternating to the rhythm of her sighs. I apologized for not knowing what I was doing. Connie looked at Tony (who had moved to the side of the bed for a better view) and between moans said, "I think she knows EXACTLY what she's doing." I was incredibly turned on but was getting distracted holding the egg inside and fucking Connie at the same time. Clearly I need practice, but I digress...

I slowly backed the cock out of Connie's glistening pussy, and then expelled the egg from mine. I handed the toy to Tony who licked both ends like a lollipop he hoped would never end. Tony said Connie and I tasted amazing when mingled in his mouth. I said, "Shut up and fuck her."

I moved so I could kiss Connie and give proper attention to those awesome tits, and Tony mounted her. He had a vibrating toy w/a corded remote. He placed it on her clit, and then placed his right leg over her left. He fucked her smooth and sweet, talking to her about her past lovers. He thrilled to hear of other men's cocks being buried deep inside his wife. He fucked and stroked, they talked, and I kissed and licked and watched. Connie came hard - but quietly. She was always so quiet...she turned a glassy eyed stare to me and asked, "Do you want him to fuck you again? He's ready to cum, and I want him in you when he does." I said yes, please, and grabbed another in a long line of condoms. So many fallen soldiers that day...

I asked Tony how he wanted me, and he wordlessly directed me to my back. I gently rolled the condom down, and marveled that his excitement was not diminished by the raincoat. He wanted me. Bad. Tony kissed Connie, said a quiet thank you to her, and then entered me. This time was more personal. More passionate. He pumped into me and I wrapped my legs around him. He bit my neck and kissed my forehead, staring into my eyes and straight through me. Tony backed off then -- much to my dismay! -- and repositioned my legs. He lifted my left leg up onto his shoulder, then repositioned himself so he was literally fucking me sideways. Connie kissed me throughout my fucking, whispering to me how hot it was to watch her husband fuck me like that, and thanking me for letting him take me. (Damn! I'm getting wet just thinking about it!) I looked at Tony and told him, "Don't hold back. Give it all to me. Now." He looked at Connie for approval. She nodded, and he truly let go. I felt his already rock-hard cock get harder (is that possible?) then pulse as his cum filled the latex between our skin. Connie reached over and touched him and remarked that he had goose bumps from head to toe. Tony shivered, shuddered, looked at me, kissed me deeply, and backed out. I reached down to grab the condom and make sure nothing spilled out onto the bed. I needn't have worried. The condom was still snug in my tight little pussy.

Connie and I kissed a bit more, and I couldn't resist tasting those nipples again. I gathered my clothes and went to the guest bathroom to freshen up. Connie was dressed when I got back and Tony was just coming out of the shower. I said my goodbyes and left, promising to return.