 Much as Alice Young enjoyed the chemistry between women and men, she enjoyed women too - every once in a while. They had a subtle pull, an energetic presence than was enticing in an entirely different way. Unable to say who or what she preferred, Alice Young simply refused to choose. It wasn't a matter of one or the other, or both equally. Alice certainly liked men. But she loved the female form, too. And everything in between, in fact. And in those moments when she noticed a beautiful, elegant woman—felt a spark pass between them—she felt a little thrill. Energy passed between two women felt different to the energy between women and men. 

For most women, after marriage and career settled in, girl on girl action was relegated to their youth, wild parties and the occasional confession of an experience with a uni friend. With their pilates classes and weekly waxes, most women Alice Young met in Sydney were like neatly mown yards with fences that hemmed them in. Those who knew about Alice's career as a professional escort were either intrigued or judgmental - usually a little of both. Alice didn't mind. Alice Young was a rogue, a stray bullet - a woman who had never been conventional. 

It so happened that she met Nina Woolf at a party. A party in Sydney where everyone looked beautiful and yet everyone looked fairly similar. Alice had come as somebody's date, to drink champagne and look across Sydney Harbour at night — a sight that never got tired. Yet that night, another sight caught Alice Young's eye. It was her legs she had noticed first, brown and freckled with a hint of muscled thigh. She was in a soft cream coloured shift dress and sleek black stilettos. Not Alice's style, at first glance. Then they'd been introduced.

"Hello, I'm Nina Woolf." 

She was older — early to mid-forties — with that youthful, well-kept older woman look Alice liked. The kind of body that suggested many hours with a tennis instructor, with shoulders that were petite yet firmly sculpted under the straps of her dress. Her blunt-cut honey blonde hair tickled her shoulders. Her mouth was wide, with a smile that spread into her whole face. Her eyes, which crinkled corners, were an unexpected pale grey. Both on the arms of their dates, it was an introduction in passing. Feeling her gaze, Nina Woolf looked up with a moment of interest. Then, immediately distracted, the connection was lost. 

Alice drank. One glass, two, three. She felt loose, the air was cool. Nina's small, strong features played on her mind. A stranger except an air kiss and a smile, this woman was certainly exceptionally pretty. She had probably gone through life breezily, easily bending men to her will, having them fall madly in love with her and shrugging it off lightly. Alice had felt an unexpected but all too familiar quickening. A sudden sweat of her palms when the woman had said;

"This is my husband, Dominick." 

He was tall and imposing beside her. About fifty, strong and broad. Shaking Alice's hand, he had looked her up and down approvingly. Usually, she'd be interested in Dom too. He was greying but sharp with the relaxed energy about him of a successful businessman. And yet despite his obvious charisma, it was definitely Nina her smile was for.

Later, the guests were milling—some drunk, some high—starting to leave the party. She'd seen Nina and Dom Woolf across the room several times, always busy. A popular couple, they seemed to know everyone, and Nina seemed content to stay in the range of her husband the entire night. She'd seen her once, glance at her watch while her husband stood engrossed in conversation. Then she had returned, to listen attentively to the discussion, nodding and smiling appropriately. 

It was in the ladies room, of course, that they crossed paths. The room was plush; a long, curved sink with low lit flattering light. A door unlocked and a woman came out of a stall. Nina Woolf. Her pearl coloured dress softly illuminated the curve of her breast and her hip bone. Alice put away her lipstick. Looking down while washing her hands, Nina was unaware of her gaze. So Alice looked, shamelessly. Noted the muscle in the woman's toned arm moving as she rubbed the soap over her tanned, slightly bony hands. She had short, pale pink nails. She was delicate, but with an energy of strength that radiated from her person. 

"Hello. We were introduced earlier. I'm Alice." 

Nina looked up in surprise, as if Alice had caught her off guard in a private moment. She was ever so slightly drunk, Alice observed. Yet she recovered well. 

"Alice, of course. Lovely to see you. How's your night?" 

She had a slight English lilt to her voice, as through she might have lived in England child, or grown up in Adelaide. There was freshness about her person, in fact, that suggested she hadn't always been in the melting pot of Sydney. 

"I'm good. Thankyou." 

The words came out hoarsely, sounding unlike her own.

"Good?" 

Nina looked at her briefly, almost quizzically, then examined her reflection, fluffing her hair quickly in the mirror. Her eyeshadow was a smoky grey with a hint of glitter. God, she was beautiful.

"I mean, you know. I'm here for work." 

"Oh?" That question again. 

"I'm an escort." 

God, why had she said that? You idiot, Alice. Pretty housewives like Nina Woolf were the last people to reveal herself to. The statement couldn't be taken back now. The woman, wiping a smudge from her eye, made no response. It felt like an eternity before she glanced back over.

"Oh. What's your date like?" Her eyebrows raised, a look of casual interest. 

"He's lovely, actually." Alice smiled. "And yours?" 

Her responses were a little slowed. 

"Me?" And suddenly a white flash of a smile. "I'm not..."

"I know," Alice said quickly. "It was a joke." 

"Ahhh." Nina Woolf relaxed, her smile deepening into her face, looking at Alice in an open friendly way. 

"I met your husband earlier." Alice offered. 

"He probably liked the look of you then." She said it in a casual, non-defensive way. The kind of woman unconcerned and unthreatened. Alice warmed to her even more. 

"I don't know why he would with you on his arm." 

God, but there was something so suggestive and enticing in her energy, the way her face looked up, giving Alice her full attention. 

"Oh, please. Are you teasing me?" The question held laughter. 

"Of course not," She found herself smiling back. 

"Ugh. I'm getting old." Nina shook her head. 

Alice smirked. It was the kind of statement said when one is well aware their age is no barrier. 

"Time to go home and pay the baby sitter, I think."

"You have kids?"

"Two girls. Eight and ten. Hopefully fast asleep." 

"I don't know where you put them." Alice said, uncensored. Her gazed fell helplessly to Nina's tiny frame. Oddly, the compliment fell flat. Nina was collecting her bag, suddenly distracted. She smiled. 

"Nice to meet you, Alice." 

A sudden kiss on the cheek, her fingers on Alice's arm, taking hold. What did she smell like? Like clean. Clean and soft. 

"Are you leaving? Shall I walk with you to the street?"

It was forward. But Alice couldn't help herself, she wasn't ready for Nina to leave. The woman glanced up. Instinctually, Alice braced for a knock back. But her face, tilting upward to look her in the eye, gave Alice was what she sought. A perfect smile, surprised and pleased. 

"Yes. that would be nice." 

No hesitation. They walked out together, weaving through the party. The night was cool, the street busy. Alice was beside her. She felt light, triumphant, that she should like to prolong the moment as long as humanly possible.

"Dom!"

Nina located her husband with a gesture. With that a single command, Alice noted him making his apologies, heading to join them. She looked at Nina with further interest. Her blonde hair obscured the profile of her face. She was, after all, not a real person, yet. Even as they walked beside one another she was immaterial, her own reality obscured by Alice's projections, superimposed on her. She was a shimmering vision made up of coy smiles, occasional looks, a face that seemed to ripple with good humor. Dom came up beside her, acknowledging Alice with a nod and smile. He put his hand on his wife's lower back. Alice's eyes followed his disappearing arm involuntarily.

"Where are you off to now, Alice?"

She was framed perfectly, nestled into the comfortable arm of her husband's grey suit jacket - barely coming up to his shoulder, even in her heels. 

"Oh, I think we'll be here for a while longer. I should probably get back to my date." 

"Oh, yes. Of course." 

Nina nodded sagely. Alice sensed the energy of allegiance, an awareness of a shared secret between them her husband knew nothing about. 

"Maybe I'll see you again," 

The sentence hung limply. Alice could've kicked herself. Who said that? Really? It was like she'd become a sixteen-year-old boy with bad acne and hair gel issues. You didn't say that to women you met at work parties, especially while on a date with a man. As though she hadn't heard her, Nina didn't appear to respond. She'd begun rummaging in her purse, turned slightly away, barely listening. Alice hovered. Awkwardly. 

"Aha." Nina pulled something out of her purse, pressing the sequined clutch into her husband's chest. He took it passively. She turned to Alice. In a moment, she had pressed something into Alice's hand. Her fingers closed around it. 

"Thanks." She said it automatically. It was a smooth, white card.

"We live in Mossman." Nina looked at her with a rounded, even expression on her face. With swivel of her body, she took her bag back from Dom and took his hand. "Goodnight, Alice." 

And they had turned away, Dom with a gentle salute, down the steep tiled driveway. 

Nina Woolfe Design. The card read in small, neat black print. Available by consultation. 

*

An image came to her unbidden, of the two of them later, at home. Dom relaxing on the bed - Nina, fresh from the shower, wrapped in a towel. They'd finish off a bottle of wine in comfortable silence. They seemed to be a couple who understood each other. Who had different priorities, full lives, who came back to one another for luxurious moments. She imagined how they would be with each other. First affectionate, then, stroking each other's arms and entwining their legs, they would become intimate. The thought sent a lightning bolt through her belly. How did they pleasure each other? 

Over the next week, Alice gained a certain amount of satisfaction imagining Nina in bed with her husband. What were they like together? Were they in love? Were they intimate often? And did she like it? Imagining any man not sexually desiring Nina was impossible. Alice wasn't a man, but she couldn't deny that she desired Nina as if she were. Alice, who enjoyed being the object of male desire, enjoyed the idea of men desiring Nina, too. She wondered if Nina desired men back? She was, for all intents and purposes, heterosexual. Did she like cock? Did she like fucking her husband? 

Alice imagined Nina, alternately with her interested and disinterested in the process. Like an icy Brigitte Bardot, she imagined Nina's complete disinterest in sex with men, unfulfilled and waiting to be enlivened by the touch of a woman. Alternatively, she imagined her aroused, wet, nipples erect, being undressed by her husband. She imagined her being made love to, being penetrated, being wet for him, her breath getting shorter and shorter as she was stimulated by her husband's cock. He would rub her clit until her muscles spasmed, until her legs spread wide apart while her cunt clutched his cock. She would orgasm with him inside her, breasts covered in a sheen of sweat while her husband's erect cock stroked in and out of her pussy. Generously, Alice hoped she had this kind of sex. 

It occurred to Alice later that week that she would also like to fuck Nina Woolf. And for Nina's husband to watch them. She would like for him to encourage it. In fact, she'd like him to feel just a little bit threatened, but for his arousal to override his sense of threat. Alice would like Nina's husband to find her attractive, to arouse him, but mostly Alice would like Nina to be aroused. For the flirtation to continue, roam into innuendo. She would unquestionably hint that she, Alice Young, would have a threesome with Nina and Dom Woolf. She would like them to consider it, and both want it. The older woman would be a little uncertain. Alice would have to take charge. How would it be?

She would come to their home, drink wine with them, pay Nina special attention. She'd watch out of the corner of her eye as her husband observed this, feeling proud of his beautiful wife. Alice would demonstrate to Dom that she knew how to arouse his wife. She would stroke Nina softly, feel her prick up, her hairs stand on end, while he watched. They'd exchange a glance. They had both agreed to this. They were nervous. But they wanted it. Alice would focus entirely on Nina for some time. Make like it was just the two of them, a secret girls club with husband at a distance. Alice would entice Nina to relax. To admire Alice's body. To open herself up to the possibility of desire. She'd place her hand on Nina's hip, feeling her shift in her seat, her legs slightly ajar. She'd look into her eyes, tell her softly that she knew how to give her what she needed. Alice would feel her stiffen, her pulse quicken. Then she would lean in, hold Nina on both hips and kiss her mouth. That wide, perfect mouth with clean, white teeth beneath. She would taste her freshness. And Nina would receive Alice's kiss curiously, shyly. She'd want more. They'd kiss again, tentatively. The third time, Nina would return the pressure. Her reciprocal energy, against Alice's lips, would be Alice's moment of triumph. The moment when Nina desired her. 

Alice was in her mouth now, tongues caressing, dancing delicately. She pulled her a little closer. Closer than she had ever been to her before. Nina's chest was inches away from Alice's body, her breathing light and a little erratic. Their eyes locked. Nina's brilliant and curious eyes were now vulnerable and desiring. Her mouth open and wet, her body smaller than Alice's. Her cheekbones were utterly perfect, smooth and brazenly high. All those things in a split second. And her mouth. God, Alice thought - that mouth - like a wide pink slash against white teeth. It was desire incarnate. 

At a distance, Dom watched the women. He noted the changes in his wife; her flushed pink sternum, the pink creeping up to her neck. He saw the way her body pressed into Alice's in familiar yet new way. He was watching her desire unfold from the outside. Watching her desire while not being a part of it. His cock twitched, stiffened, watching Nina reach forward and kiss Alice sensually again. The younger woman's hand was on her chest now, hovering just above the slope of her breast. 

Alice looked out of the corner of her eye at Dom. Slowly, she let her long, delicate fingers play on his wife's collar, opening the fabric slightly, exposing the curve of her small breast. Beneath the fabric, Nina's nipple was a hard, perfectly round pea. Alice's fingers brushed it and felt the woman quiver. Her grey, achingly pretty eyes settled on Alice's. Leaning in, Alice licked her delicately on the lips. Dom shifted in his seat. Alice had her hands on his wife now, roaming up and down her body. Nina was leaning in with her hips tilted forward, raising her arms so Alice could remove her clothing. His pretty wife had her tongue in another woman's mouth, and liked it.

Dom joined the women, pressing against Alice's back. She leaned in and he cupped her breasts from behind, softly thumbing her nipples. Nina saw this and smiled. They were sharing eye contact behind Alice's back. She knew and didn't care. She was the meat in the sandwich. She could feel Dom's erection from behind as she caressed his wife's soft body. Nina's delicate hands found Alice's breasts, pulling down her bra straps. Her husband watched. Alice's ripe breasts fell from their black lace restraints. They were flushed, firm and large—at least a D cup—rounded, teardrop shaped. Gently, Nina took them, watching her husband over Alice's shoulder as she did so. She leant down. Licked a nipple. Her husband touched his cock, so aroused he could barely breathe. That she wanted to stroke another woman's breasts, put them in her mouth, was almost too much. Dom began stroking his cock openly, large and hard. Looking cheekily back at him, Nina fondled Alice, stroking her breasts, daring him to stop her. He didn't. 

Nobody paid any attention to how they found themselves in the bedroom. Alice watched intently as Dom expertly removed his wife's bra. It fell to the floor. She observed the way he lifted her easily by the hips to put her on the bed, familiar with every part of her body. Yes, there had been intimacy here. A lot of it. His hands on her thighs, riding up her skirt, exposing her tanned, freckled skin. His hands easily holding her, thumbing her breasts as he had thumbed Alice's before. Nina's nipples were hard and firm. Her arousal had taken over now. Dom tugged off her panties, then turned and pulled off Alice's. He wanted the women naked, and they were happy to comply. He looked at Alice Young's body. Roved over her long, toned limbs, a sizeable, curved ass and a trimmed pussy. But, he noticed, she was too busy looking at his naked wife. 

And his wife was a prize. He covered her flesh with his hands, pulls her tittles lightly, his spade like hand reaching down with practised familiarity to her little pussy between her legs. She weakened. Moistened. Reached out and took her husband's cock with a firm, equally practiced grip, moving it expertly up and down. Alice watched, hungrily, her eyes roaming Nina's body, watching her open herself to her husband. Dom was strong, firm, tanned. They were undeniably hot together. And hot for each other. Dom had watched the women kiss, stroke one another, play with one another. He had seen his wife arousal at another woman. He saw that thing which he couldn't have, didn't have, which was just between them. He was a man who could offer his cock. Alice certainly seemed to enjoy it, watching intently the way he teased his wife's pussy with the head of his cock, watched her sweet, wet, red lips open. He felt a desire to show Alice what he could do, and Alice, her breasts rosy and erect, watched with a sharp intake of breath. Watched Nina lick her lips and spread her legs wider for her husband, her pink tongue wetting the slash of her sultry mouth. Wet with desire. She wanted to be fucked. Alice pressed close to her and Nina's small hand closed on Alice's pussy, her perfect fingers finding her wetness, stroking Alice's swelling clit. She moaned. 

Forty five year old, blonde, pretty Nina Woolf was naked, leaning back into her pillows, one hand in a woman's cunt, playing with her. Her pussy wanted them, wants this, wanted to fuck the both of them at once. She was wet and ready and wanting. Dom pushed the head of his cock into her. She gasped. 

Her husband, knowing her body expertly, moved in an out of her clutching pussy slowly, teasingly. The sight of a voluptuous naked women, her pussy being caressed by his wife as he fucked her was almost enough to make him come on the spot. His wife's mouth found the woman's nipple, sucking greedily, her fingers buried now in Alice's pussy. Dom penetrated his wife to the hilt. She moaned beneath Alice's dangling breast. She lay on her back, raised her hips to receive his cock. She sucked Alice's breasts, her fingers in the wetness of the woman's pussy, intoxicated with the scent of her hair, her skin, another woman's perfume while her husband's cock was inside her. She was in the heat of her desire. She couldn't stop now. She felt the nakedness of her body being penetrated. Her husband stroking her powerfully. His masculine prowess begged him to demonstrate his skill. To make her come. 
