 A while back my wife Dee finally admitted that women turn her on. I never pushed or prodded her but the subject came up while we were cuddling right after a particularly delicious romp in the hay. At first I was sure that she had just brought it up to keep me 'up' and turned on. But as the weeks went by we kidded each other about strangers and people that we knew. I knew that I had to set something up.

I didn't have many opportunities until Dee's sister Carla brought a friend by our apartment one afternoon. I had that day off and was kicking around the apartment taking care of chores and our 3 month old while Dee relaxed. Since the girls brought along a case of beer and the baby was having her nap I didn't argue at all. I could tell that Dee liked Lisa very much. Looking at her, there wasn't much to dislike and her relaxed attitude made liking her a certainty. 

Standing around 5'8", she couldn't have weighed more than 130 pounds or so. A nice tight body topped with a fiery mane of red hair that cascaded down to the middle of her back. Creamy white skin dusted with freckles hinted that she needed only a minimum of makeup to look beautiful. 

As the beer kept flowing the girls talked about everything and anything. And as I hoped, the conversation started turning to my favorite topic, sex. Since our daughter, Dee worked hard getting back into shape and was determined to make up for the lack of sex during our pregnancy. Dee was really having a good time and enjoying herself so I decided to stop drinking in case our daughter needed anything. Meanwhile I told the girls I'd be keeping a eye on the baby and would be writing on the computer. After about a hour Dee came and told me that her sister had to go home to be able to work later on that night and that all of them would go to Carla's and then Lisa would bring Dee back home later. 

I knew I could handle anything with the baby and that this would be something good for Dee since she hadn't been able to be carefree since having our baby. I wanted her to have a good time and told her so. 

While they were gone I made dinner for myself and settled down in front of the TV with our daughter. I had just put the baby to bed when Dee and Lisa came back with Lisa's 10 year old son. The boy wanted to play on the playstation so we left him to have fun while we sat down to play cards. I was putting more beer on ice when Dee pulled me aside and told me that she had mentioned some of my stories to Lisa. Dee wanted to show some to her, and I knew exactly which one she wanted Lisa to read. It was plain to me that Dee was really starting to get horny and couldn't wait to show off so with a squeeze of her shapely behind, I sent her off to entertain Lisa.

I had wrote a story that had me finding Dee in bed with another woman. It featured me taking Dee from behind while she licked and fingered the other woman. That story was one of her favorites since I had tailored it to one of her fantasies.

Mentally crossing my fingers I brought a couple of beers to the girls and found Lisa in front of the computer, quickly reading my published story and squirming in her chair. Dee gave me a knowing wink over Lisa's head and nodded towards the screen. Giving the girls their beers I sat down on the couch while wait for Lisa to finish. Dee quickly sat down in my lap demanding that I rub on her. Knowing that she was trying to tease me I went along with her game. I slowly kneaded Dee's shoulders and back while Lisa still kept reading. While Lisa wasn't looking our way, I snuck my hands forward to cup my wife's breasts feeling her hard nipples through her top and teasingly ran my hands over the inside and outside of her thighs. Dee let her head swing back onto my shoulder, giving me a chance to nuzzle the side of her neck and whisper in her ear. I caught Lisa glancing our way while trying not to get caught staring. Catching her eyes, I cupped one of my wife's breasts while running my other over the crotch of her jeans. I could feel the steam rising off of both beautiful women. She blushed and looked away but her gaze quickly returned to what I was doing with my hands.

Rolling Dee off of me, I explained that I would check on the kids and be right back. I found Brian asleep on the floor and with a smile, carried him to the spare bed in the baby's room. Next I woke Jenny for her feeding since it was starting to get really late. As I rocked Jenny back to sleep, both Dee and Lisa came into the room wearing bathrobes. My cock got hard all over again when they quietly told me that they were done with the beer and were going to take a steamy shower. I puttered around picking up the house while trying not to notice the voices and occasional moan coming from the bathroom. Finally I turned to the bedroom to set the mood with low music and lit candles. While I was turning down the bed Dee led Lisa into the room. Grabbing a towel, I headed to get my own shower.

Done in record time, I raced back to the bedroom and was amazed at what I found waiting for me there. Lisa was sprawled on the bed with Dee and they were both half out of their robes. Dee was leaning over kissing Lisa deeply while they both used their hands to caress and explore. Dee's robe was only open to the waist while Lisa's was completely spread wide. Dropping the towel, I moved to the end of the bed to watch without interrupting. I didn't want to break the spell. Staring at Dee's hand gently waft over Lisa's white skin, I almost moaned with Lisa when my wife started pulling and pinching her nipples. While Dee was slowly making her way down Lisa, I helped them both remove their robes, revealing both women completely to my view. 

As Dee's kisses trailed down Lisa's stomach, I quietly discarded my shirt and jeans. Releasing my hard cock from it's confining cloth. Dee was now running her moistened fingertips over and around Lisa's outer lips causing her to twist her hips and moan deeply. Lisa had her head thrown back and was pulling and pinching her own nipples as Dee spread her thighs and settled on all fours to taste her newfound treasure. The little redheads heavy breathing mirrored her movements as her hips swivelled, trying to keep my wife's tongue in one spot. 

Dee moaned into Lisa's cunny when I nestled up against her beautiful ass from behind. She was so wet, my cock easily slid up and down against her puffy outer lips. I pushed down on her back making her arc her behind even higher allowing me to tease her even more by rubbing my hard-on all around her outer lips, and making her jump when it crossed over her clit several times. Finally, she gasped for me to fuck her before Lisa dragged her face back to her damp box. Inch by slow inch, I speared Dee with my raging hard-on. I could feel her muscles clamp down and relax several times before I hit bottom. 

We stayed in that position for a little while before Dee started bucking her hips attempting to get some relief. Lisa wasn't having any of that, however. Gripping Dee's hair tightly, she kept her face firmly buried and then looked me right in the eyes and told me to give it to my woman. Slowly I pulled out until only the tip of my dick was being held by Dee's lips then just as slowly pushed back in. From the moans and the way Dee's ass was twitching, I knew she was gearing up for one of the biggest cums in her life. Gradually I picked up the pace until I was firmly jamming my cock in and out of her quivering pussy, her screams muffled by Lisa's thighs. 

I felt rather than heard Dee's orgasm start. Her body quivering, she let out a long moan then bucked back against me hard. I was about to cum and held it back as best I could but when I felt a set of wet fingers start rubbing my balls, that was all it took. Pulling out, I started spraying all over Dee's pretty ass and back like a firehose. Climbing off the bed I went in search of some glasses of water for everyone. 

When I returned the girls had changed positions into a sixty-nine. Lisa was on top straddling Dees busy tongue and fingers. I set the water glasses down on a side table while listening to the wet, eager moans both girls were sharing. Once again, I stopped to revel with the sight before me.

The girls were across the bed this time, with Dee's head resting right at the edge of the bed with Lisa on all fours above her. Dee was fingering her while sucking and taking short licks at her clit. From my position I could see every detail of Lisa's shapely ass. As I stepped up Dee reached out with her free hand and grabbed me by my hardening tool. When she felt my cock get hard enough she aimed me at Lisa's steaming pussy. Using my cock like a dildo, she teased Lisa the same way I had teased. Rubbing the tip of my cock over Lisa's bulging clit, getting me nice and wet for what was to cum.