 I settled into the airplane seat next to my friend Suzie and buckled up. It was a relief to be sitting still. The last twenty four hours had been hectic with preparation. Now we could relax for at least the length of the trip to the Caribbean. 

As we settled in we quietly had the conversation that we had been through a hundred times before. No, we're not lesbians - we're interested in guys. We aren't exactly bi because we only do it with each other. And besides, we always thought it was better when guys are there - or at least one guy.

But I should start at the beginning. That was when Suzie phoned me the day before. She was working in a travel agency specializing in travellers with disabilities. She said that she had a fabulous flight and hotel deal for one night on an island in the Caribbean. It would cost us almost nothing. She told me to pack as we were leaving the very next morning.

I told her she was crazy and it was useless to fly thousands of miles for only one night and then have to turn around and come home. (Maybe it was hundreds of miles - I wasn't sure exactly where the Caribbean was.) Even if it was almost free it wasn't worth it.

But then she convinced me. She said the magic words "topless beach." I agreed immediately. I love showing off my boobs!

But now I have to go back to an earlier beginning when I was thirteen years old. That was when I lost my legs and got my breasts almost at the same time. Uncle Milton was driving (and drunk as usual). He missed a stop sign and drove into the path of a gravel truck. The truck hit my side of the car. I woke up in the hospital and was gradually told that my legs were gone - the left below the knee and the right one above. (Uncle Milton was fine, except for the DUI conviction and losing his license.)

But while I was in the hospital, my breasts started to blossom. I came to think of them as compensation for my lost legs. I know that makes no sense, but that was how I felt. I guess I still feel that way.

I used a wheelchair for the first year I was at home. It was good to be home and in my own bedroom after the public life of the hospital. I could close the door and even lock it. Then I would roll my chair to my dressing table and then inspect my new naked breasts in the mirror.

They were large. They were firm. Their nipples protruded when it was cold and when I touched myself in the right place . (Or was it in the wrong place?) The haloes that I learned to call "areolas" were pink and the size of half dollars. I spent part of every evening watching myself.

Soon after I began my nightly ritual, I realized that Wendell was watching me through the window. His bedroom in the house next to ours was directly across from my room. Since I was a girl, I had never bothered about drawing my shades. What for? Then one night I saw the curtains rustle in the darkened room next door. I immediately knew it was Wendell. I felt a little thrill, knowing I was being watched.

Now, Wendell was about my age but a real dweeb. I wouldn't have anything to do with him at school or in the neighborhood. But the idea of him watching me made me feel really good.

I began to perform for him. Sometimes, I would stroke my breasts and finger my nipples. I imagined the effect on Wendell. Once in a while I would draw my shades to tease him. I would do that after rolling my chair to the window to give him a full frontal view. Once at the window, I would peer all around outside and then stare directly at his window. I could see the curtains move as he drew back inside. Then I would abruptly draw my shades. I laughed at his disappointment.

After a year, I was fitted with prosthetic legs and could walk around school with a kind of rolling gait. I took attention from my legs and my walk by dressing sexy and revealing on top. I wore tight sweaters and blouses. I loved anything that was low cut and showed a lot of cleavage.

I didn't have many dates in the ordinary sense. Mostly the boys wanted to feel my boobs (and other places) but didn't want to be seen with me in public. They felt good but I kept aloof from them. In the evenings I continued to tease Wendell. Then in the bed and out of his sight, I learned to please myself.

Anyway, that is the history of my boobs and my legs that aren't there. That is why I was eager to go with Suzie to the Caribbean. I wanted to be seen!

But, before I can tell that story, I have to tell you about Suzie and me and about how I met her. We were alone and naked in the locker room of our health club. Suzie struck up a conversation with me and said that she heard some guys talking about me and how nice my boobs are. I was pleased. She wondered what my breasts look like. She also said that she would like to know what her breasts look like, too.

I forgot to tell you that Suzie is blind. That's why she didn't know what we looked like. I described hers to her as well as I could. They were middle sized and pointy. "Perky" would describe them. I thought they were beautiful and I told her so. She was pleased.

Then she asked about mine. I'm not really good with words and I stumbled about searching for the right ones. Then she asked if she could see for herself. I was surprised but I said that she could. Her touch was wonderful and she took her time to explore every inch of them.

Then I asked if I could look at hers in the same way. She only smiled and then I did. Our pleasure was interupted by two middle aged fat ladies who entered noisily into the locker room.

After that, Suzie and I started to hang out together. We cruised the bars and clubs together. We picked up guys - sometimes only one guy. If we didn't get lucky we always had each other.

Afterwards, we always had the same conversation. No, we are not lesbians, we told ourselves - we are interested in guys. We aren't exactly bi because we only do it with each other. And besides, we always thought it was better when guys were there - or at least one guy.

Now you can understand why we were on the plane and on the way to the Caribbean together.

The plane touched down and it was not long before we were in a shuttle bus going to the hotel. The room was large with a huge bed. We slept for a bit and then got ready for the beach

I wore huge clunky sandals and covered my prosthetic legs with low slung and baggy white cotton pants. Of course, my chest was bare. Suzie was clad only in a tiny bikini bottom. Yes, her breasts were perky. We both carried shoulder bags.

The sand was difficult for me. I held her arm as I walked with a roll more pronounced than usual. She asked me what we looked like. I told her about her perky breasts. I told her that walking on the sand was making mine rock back and forth like jugs floating on the ocean. She said that she wished she could see them and pulled me closer to her. Her upper arm brushed my breast.

After a few minutes of this, I guided her to a place near the lifeguard's tall perch where we spread our big beach towels and sat down. The lifeguard was was obviously watching us and, in a low voice, I tried to describe him to Suzie. He was tall and dark and had magnificent muscles emphasized by the tight tank top that he wore. She said that he sounded like a possibility and I had to agree.

I folded my towel to cover my legs and with a few quick twists I was free of them and ready for the water with only my little bikini panties. Of course, I had to get there and I depended on Suzie for that.

She stooped down while I raised myself as high as I could on my only knee and climbed on her in piggy-back style. The skin of her back was hot from the sun and felt delicious on my bare breasts. I let my hand clasp one of hers as if it was an accident. She lurched and stumbled and we both shrieked and giggled.

She regained her balance and I gave her directions to the water. With me on her back, walking was hard and she went off course and I had to keep giving more directions. We both giggled the whole time. After a while we got there.

She waded into the warm water almost up to her bikini. Without any warning she collapsed into the water and I was submerged. I came up spluttering and coughing and we giggled some more. Then I was very quiet and sneaked around behind her. I used both hands to throw water on her. She tried to do the same to me but she couldn't tell exactly where I was. I told her that it was revenge for dumping me in the water.

When she turned to face me I saw that her nipples were big and hard. I told her that and she asked me about mine. I looked and I saw that they were at full attention and sticking out like little thumbs. I described them to Suzie. We agreed that the water was too warm to do that to us. Suzie said that it must be because we were both really horny. I couldn't disagree.

We retreated to the shallow water where we could sit with our chests showing. We were both turned about halfway so that the lifeguard could get a good look. Under the protection of the water, our hands were free to explore and to enjoy the feel of each other. We stayed there for a long time talking softly and giggling quietly while Suzie made me describe the lifeguard in detail.

The more I told her about him, the harder her nipples seemed to get. Under the cover of the water my hands told me she was very aroused. Of course, her hands told her the same thing about me. She quizzed me about my nipples and I said that they were behaving like hers. We both giggled even harder.

Then we swam and splashed around some more until we decided it was time to get out. I climbed onto Suzie's back again but it didn't work this time. In the first place we were wet and slippery. And Susie must have been a bit tired, too, because she stumbled and pitched us both into the water. We spluttered and laughed and tried to figure out what to do.

Then the lifeguard was down from his high perch and standing beside us in the water. He lifted me with one strong arm and held me tight. With the other arm he took Suzie's hand. My breast was pressed into his bare shoulder. His skin was hot from the sun and sent shocks through my swollen nipple. I felt like I never wanted to let go.

He took us to our towels and bags (and, of course, my legs). He loosened his grip on me and I slowly slid to my beach towel. As I went down, my breast still pressed against him, going from his hot bare shoulder, down the coarse fabric of his tank top, then to his trunks and finally to the bare skin of his leg. When he released me, I was so muddled that I couldn't even find words to thank him.

Suzie is never at a loss for words, though. She still held his hand as she asked him what was the best place for dinner and drinks. He named a place that he said was his favorite. His voice was deep and sweet. (Suzie says he has an "island accent.")

Suzie pressed on. She asked him if he would meet us there. He didn't seem surprised and he asked if he should bring a friend. Suzie told him he could if he wanted but both of us would like to thank him properly for his help. I was always amazed how bold she could be. I wondered if she would be that way if she could see what was going on.

Anyway, he agreed and they arranged a time and he gave us directions. I managed to thank him as he retrieved his hand from Suzie. Then in an instant he was back on his high perch and on duty.

I put my legs on and we gathered our things. We made our way back the way we had come. We paused as we left the beach to put on our tops to go to the hotel Of course, we giggled the whole time. I was deliciosly happy in spite of the stray grains of sand that had made their way between my stumps and my legs and began to torture me.

Back in our room, we stripped and showered together. We fooled around a little as we speculated what it was going to be like with our lifeguard. We dozed for a bit on the big bed and woke up ready for the evening.

Of course, I wore my pair of long and baggy pants. But I wore a very tight and skimpy top. It showed off a lot of cleavage. I didn't put on a bra. Suzie wore a very short sleeveless summer dress. She had only a thong underneath it and her shape showed everywhere. We were ready for conquest. With her on my arm we headed out.

The bar/restaurant was on the beach and open to the gentle evening breeze from the ocean. Our lifeguard was there before us and he took us to a corner table on the beach side. We ordered pina coladas and settled in to flirt. After a few more drinks and some appetizers, he suggested that we order conch chowder. (People there pronounce it "conk" and Suzie had to straighten me out on the spelling.)

All the while, the flirting became intense and Suzie kept telling him how we both wanted to thank him properly. Of course, he didn't resist. After we ate, she insisted on paying with her credit card and said that it was a business expense. Neither of us resisted but I left some cash for the tip.

The trip to the hotel was kind of slow. I was latched on to one side of our lifeguard and Suzie was on the other. All the drinks had affected our balance and my walk was kind of drunken even when I was sober. And the food had made us mellow, too. (Be sure to try the chowder if you ever go there.)

We got a lot of stares as we entered the hotel and went into the elevator. I didn't care and, of course, Suzie didn't either. I watched our lifeguard closely and he didn't seem to be bothered about it. We went up one floor and made our way down the narrow hallway to our room. I retrieved the key from my pocket and after a bit of fumbling we were inside.

Suzie is not one to stand on ceremony so she just announced that it was too hot and slipped her dress over her head and let it fall to the floor. Then she was standing there dressed only in her thong and shoes. And, yes, her breasts were perky.

I collapsed on to the big bed and as Suzie kicked off her shoes I did my usual twists and removed legs, trousers and panties and stowed them on the floor mostly out of sight. Then I was wearing only my top that didn't hide any secrets anyway.

For a moment our friend looked startled but then broke into a big smile. Suzie asked him if he wasn't hot, too. He didn't answer but slowly stepped out of his sandals. Then he removed his shirt. His muscles were everything I had anticipated. Then he dropped his trousers and stepped out of them. He wore no underwear.

I almost gasped. People say that size doesn't matter. That's probably true enough when lovers are long term and know each other well. After, all, Suzie and I go at it all the time and we have no size at all! However on a one night stand, size is a very good thing and we had clearly gotten very lucky.

Now all three of us just stood there naked and mostly naked and staring at each other. Of course, I wasn't really standing and Suzie wasn't really staring but you get the picture. Then Suzie asked me what he looked like.

I told her about his gorgeous muscles and his flat belly. But the closer I got to the real business the harder it was to make the words come. She scolded me for being silly and said that she would just have to see for herself. She walked toward him and her hand found him without fumbling. I never understand how she could do that so easily.

As I watched, her fingers brushed his face and she announced to nobody in particular that he really was handsome. Then she explored his shoulders and back and chest. She kept up a running commentary and she didn't hurry. Finally she reached his erect cock and took it in both hands. She didn't say a thing but a huge smile appeared on her face as she stroked it even harder.

He responded by sliding his fingers down the front of her thong. She retrieved one hand and recovered her voice. She playfully pushed him away and giggled that she was a lady and needed to get to know him better. Then she guided his hand to the outside of the skimpy thong and began to rotate it. He caught on quickly and she returned her hand to stroke his butt while the other stayed in front of him. She told him that if he was any good she might invite him inside later.

As his hand worked on her she began to shudder a bit and make little breathy sounds. I knew the signs. Without thinking about it, I had let my hand steal down to my bare crotch and it was imitating his movements. She climaxed with a huge shudder and a moan. My orgasm was smaller but came at the same time.

She clung to him for a long moment. Then as if she was waking from a dream, she announced that they were neglecting her friend. She led him to the bed and the sat down next to me. her hands discovered that I was still covered on top. She told him that if he behaved I would show him my boobs but he would have to wait. I was a little surprised and even disappointed but I felt a little thrill of pleasure at the thought of holding out.

She ordered him to lie on his back and told him that she was glad she had gotten to know him so well. Then she wiggled out of her thong. She retrieved a condom from the nightstand. She unwrapped it and very slowly rolled it to cover him. Suzie always says she likes that part because she is a very tactile person. I guess that is a fancy way of saying that she likes to touch things. She says I am a visual person because I like to look at things (and I like to be looked at).

She climbed on him upright and took him between her legs. Then She signalled for me to do the same thing but over his mouth. I maneuvered on one knee to sit on his face. He seemed to welcome it and his tongue went to my clit without any hesitation. This guy really knew where everything was!

Suzie and I were facing each other and we leaned close and embraced. My hands fondled her breasts and her hands were on mine and stroking through my blouse. I was the only one who was not completely naked.

She began to move up and down on him while his tongue played games in my crotch. I knew that he was getting off on it because he gasped and stiffened as she moved. I knew I was going to pop when he did. I knew that when Suzie was hot she would climax when I pinched her nipple. He writhed and moaned when he emptied himself into the condom and that set me off. I pinched Suzie and she was with us, too.

We were groaning, panting, giggling and making a lot of other noises that are hard to describe. I couldn't figure out who was making which sounds. We all collapsed in a heap as if we had all melted into one big gurgling puddle. We stayed that way for a long time.

Suzie spoke first. She asked him if he really wanted to look at my boobs. He said that of course he did. I felt myself get really aroused and started to take off my blouse. Suzie stopped me and said that he would have to earn a look. I got a little cross with her. I really wanted to show off, but she insisted. She ordered me to lie on my back

I could see that he was hard again. Suzie got another condom and did her tactile thing again. Then she told him it was my turn now. He was inside me in an instant. His size took my breath away for an instant. Then my brain seemed to turn to mush with colors oozing through it as he took charge.

Suzie was lying beside us and stroking my boobs through their prison of cloth. One of my hands was between her legs. The tip of her clit was the size of a grape and I only had to wiggle the end of one finger to keep her up. I knew I could bring her any time I wanted.

With a husky voice she kept up a constant chatter. She was telling him about how I loved showing off my breasts. I could tell that he was getting more and more excited. As she kept on talking I got really crazy. I started to beg him to please look at me.

I didn't expect what happened next. He grabbed the top of my blouse with both hands. I could feel my climax coming. Then he simply ripped the cloth apart and my breasts were free. He and I came together. I had the presence of mind to do a little finger trick and Suzie was with us, too. My back arched and I screamed. For an instant I was at my old bedroom window with Wendell watching. Then we were all together again with the all noises and the melted puddle.
