 I hadn't seen Tom in a few weeks since I sucked his cock in his living room. We had graduated high school and my other friend was having a big party with two kegs out in his back yard. He lived in a rural area so we didn't have to worry about noise or the cops being called. Word got out and almost our whole class showed up. My friend who owned the house having the party, his dad Rick was there and he and Tom are friends so they hung out and drank with us.

The party died down and most people left an my close friends and our girlfriends were all left. Tom had disappeared and Rick left to go do his girlfriend's house so we had the house to ourselves. Scott and his girl took a room and so did Greg, whose house it was, went to his room with his girl. 

My girl, Denise and I headed up to find a place to fuck, and went to a room in the back of the house near the hall bath room. We jumped on the bed and started to fool around and get undressed. I had to piss so I left the room and headed to the john. I turned the corner into the bathroom and there was Tom, passed out on the toilet. He was naked and his head was leaning on the wall. 

My heart skipped a beat as my mind flashed back to a few weeks back when I sucked his cock on his recliner! I immediately looked to his crotch and saw his thick cock hanging on the front edge of the toilet seat. I walked over and stood in front of him. My cock was already hard and bulging out of my briefs. I reached down and started to play with his cock. 

It took a minute or two but it started to grow in my hands! He was obviously very drunk but started to stir. He opened his eyes and looked up at my face. He recognized me and smiled. I put my finger to my lips to tell him to keep quiet as I stroked his cock. 

To my surprise he reached out and grabbed my dick with his right hand and started to stroke me though the material of my underwear. Then he pulled them waist band out and released my throbbing hard on and began to stroke me. I whispered to him that Denise was in the room next door and that I would love to suck him again but I had to go back and fuck her. Without warning he leaned forward and took my cock in his warm mouth! Ah, it felt so good! I had to get back to my girl so I pulled back and he let my cock go. He stood up and we stroked each other a few more seconds.

I told him I had to go but that I would leave the door cracked to the room we were in so he could watch us but to wait a few minutes before he left the bath room. I took a quick piss despite my erection and then went back to Denise. We immediately started to kiss and after a few minutes I maneuvered us into a 69 with her on top. We were laying across the bed and she was facing away from the door.

Her knees were on either side of my head and she lowered her gorgeous 18 year old pussy to my mouth as she took my cock into her own and began to suck me with gusto. She was drunk and so was I and she gets really horny when she is drunk. I turned my head slightly to look towards the door and there was Tom standing just outside, naked with his thick 8 inch cock in his right hand stroking it slowly. He had a grin on his face and that twinkle in his eye.

Denise was grinding her pussy down on me as I tonged her hole and licked her clit. She was soaking wet and I knew she was gonna cum soon. I continued to work her hole as she sucked my cock. Suddenly she moaned with my dick down her throat as she came all over my face. She loved to have her pussy eaten and I loved licking that tight hole. 

As her orgasm waned I moved my arms out from between her legs so that her knees were now under my armpits and I pulled her down and back so that her pussy was still over my face. I quickly moved my hand to her snatch and started to work first one then two fingers into her tight pussy, fucking her with my fingers at a quick pace. She moaned her approval and began to push back against my hand. 

I saw some movement out of the corner of my eye and I looked up to see Tom had quietly entered the room and was now just a few feet from the bed behind us. He had a great view of my girlfriend's pussy and her puckered asshole and was stoking himself faster now. Denise was on her way to cumming again as I fingered her and I knew she was oblivious to Tom. I motioned for him to move to us and he did so that his big cock was just above my face. I grabbed it with my left hand and guided him to Denise's opening. He needed no instruction so when I removed my fingers he replaced them with the head of his big cock. 

There it was in all its glory just an inch or two from my mouth about to enter her juicy slit. Denise froze for a second knowing that what was at the opening of her cunt was not my fingers, what was there was much larger. Just then Tom pushed forward moving about half of his massive cock into her. She let out a yelp and must have looked back to see Tom entering her. I panicked for a second thinking she might freak out, but she was drunk and horny as hell so instead she just let out this low guttural moan and pushed herself back further on to Tom's awesome member. 

We all froze there for a second. My nose was buried in Tom's nut sack and my tongue was on Denise's clit. She began to quiver and shake as Tom slowly pulled back and his cock slid out of her almost to the tip. It was glistening with her juices and the veins were bulging all along the underside. I moved my tongue up to lick her juices off his shaft and as he pushed his full fat eight inches back into her his shaft rode the flat of my tongue. As he bottomed out in her, Denise grunted again and pushed back against him. She obviously like being filled with his impressive dong. 

Tom began a slow and deliberate stroking in and out of her tight pussy. Each time he pushed in, her pussy lips stretched around his thick cock. She was really soaking wet now and her juices were running down Tom's cock and dripping on to my face. Each time I would lick his dick and her pussy lapping as much of her juice as I could from them as I could. My hands were holding her ass cheeks apart giving Tom a great view of her hole as he filled her up with his pole. 

Tom began to really fuck her hard and pick up his pace as he plowed her hot cunt right over my face. By this time Denise was no longer sucking my cock but I didn't care as she was concentrating on being fucked by our friend's dad. She was pushing back against his groin each time he thrust into her and as Tom sped up she was getting closer to cumming again. 

Tom was pounding her so hard he was pushing her forward so now his balls were above my mouth. I licked his nuts and his taint as he fucked her for a bit and then he grabbed her hips and pulled her back over my face. He was pounding her furiously now and she was moaning and begging him to fuck her harder.

His piston was flying now in and out of her as she began to cry out as her orgasm took hold. She was cumming and Tom's balls moved up tight as I knew he was about to unload too. He plowed her hard for a few more strokes then he pulled all the way out of her. His cock began to erupt sending jets of his hot white cum onto her. The first shot onto her ass crack and low back and then three more thick ropes hit the outer lips of her twat. The cum started to slide down her pussy towards my mouth as the last small shot of cum from his cock hit my nose and mouth. 

I quickly licked the cum from my lips and then pushed my mouth onto Denise's cunt to lick the rest of his cum from her pussy. I was licking her twat from top to bottom as she pushed her hole back against my mouth. She grabbed my cock and was stoking me fast and furious. This whole scene was so fucking hot she sent me over the edge in just a few strokes. I erupted shooting my cum into the air hitting her face and hair and landing on my legs. 

I couldn't believe it but Tom was still rock hard and so was I. I rolled Denise off me and she turned around to face Tom. She reached out and grabbed a hold of his monster and started to stroke it, working it like a pro. I got up and got behind her doggy style and shoved my cock into her now stretched hole. 

I pushed in with so much force her face went into his crotch and she took his cock, slimy with her own juices into her hot mouth. I began a steady pounding of her, slapping my belly into her ass with each stroke. She was moaning her approval but it was muffled by Tom's big dick. She was enjoying the spit roasting and soon she came again, this time squirting pussy juice all over me. We fucked that way for a while as she lapped and sucked and slobbered all over Tom's cock. Finally, I pulled out and move around and watched as she continued to orally worship Tom. 

He as tired of standing so he pulled out of her mouth and got up on the bed on his back. Denise was in a frenzy and wanted to be filled with his thick veiny member so she scrambled up on top of him, quickly engulfing his cock's full length in her now sloppy hole. I got down beside the bed and moved in behind them and watched as she rode his cock for what seemed like a half hour. She was moaning and bouncing on him like a rodeo rider. 

She looked so hot and each time she ground down on him to the root she would let out a moan. I moved my face and began to rim her ass and this drove her over the edge. She came again with a scream as I tongued her hot asshole. At the same time growled that he was cumming and proceeded to shoot his second load into her sloppy twat. 

She continued to slowly grind on his fat shaft as his come started to leak out of her all around her pussy lips and coated his balls. What a sight! I couldn't resist and proceeded to eat my first cream pie from her cunt with Tom's cock still inside of her. After a few minutes we all collapsed on the bed. 

Denise was passed out shortly thereafter and Tom and I gave each other a high five. I told him he should probably find another place to crash, I didn't want his son and my other friend to find us all sleeping in the same bed the next morning. I gave his cock a final squeeze and told him we'd have to do that again sometime. 

He smiled and said "I can't wait for that"!