 I don't keep secrets. It's totally pointless anyway because someone always finds out. I usually just confess everything right off to avoid anything embarrassing happening later when I get caught in a lie.

A lot of my friends don't have this philosophy though. They like to go around acting like demure ladies instead of the sluts everyone knows they are. I'll just admit that I'm a slut. I'll have sex anywhere with almost anyone. 

I never used to be a slut. I was actually very proper at one point. It all changed one day at my friend Rick's house though.

I went to hang out with him and two other guys, Andy and Michael. We were all friends. I really only hung out with guys back then for some reason. I never used to get along with many females.

We were sitting around while the guys all played video games. I wasn't playing though because there weren't enough controllers. I didn't mind this because the guys were entertaining enough.

Somehow sex was brought up and we all started talking about our favorite sexual experiences. I was telling about losing my virginity in great detail and could tell Rick was getting kind of turned on by the way his breathing had gotten heavier. He was sitting beside me on the couch and began rubbing my thigh while he listened to me. I really liked the feeling of his hand on me. I felt a tingling between my legs right away. I actually had a slight crush on him.

"What happened next?" he asked.

"Then he stopped licking me and plunged his cock right in. He didn't even try to do it slowly or gently, he just rammed all seven inches in my virgin hole."

All the guys now had strange looks on their faces. They seemed affected by my story.

"Did it hurt?" Andy asked.

"It did for a minute, but then it started feeling really great. He just kept slamming into me until I came. It was awesome. Most girls I know don't have orgasms their first time," I said.

Rick began to lick his lips. He leaned toward me and whispered in my ear, "You're making me really horny. Can we fuck?"

I was shocked at the time. I had never really been propositioned like that in front of anyone else. I wanted him though so I nodded.

Rick told the other two guys to keep playing video games. They knew what we were going to be doing though because they kept laughing and whispering as we headed to his room.

"I've always thought you were hot," Rick said as he eased me back onto the bed. This made me blush.

He unzipped my shorts and slid them down my legs. He then began rubbing my now wet pussy through my pink cotton panties. It felt so good.

"I've wanted you to touch me like this for a long time, but now I feel slutty," I confessed. "I can't believe I'm doing this with Andy and Michael in the other room."

"It's a good thing we're not in the other room then. We don't want you to feel slutty," a voice said from the doorway.

I tried to remove Rick's hand and cover myself with his comforter, but he wouldn't let me. He grinned down at me and kept his hand on me.

"Guys, what are you doing?" he asked.

"We decided that we need to see you two do it. It's bad enough she's only going to give you some, so you might as well not be stingy and at least let us watch," Michael said.

My face reddened with embarrassment. No one had ever watched me have sex before. It had always been just me and the other participant.

"There's no way. Go away," I said.

"You might as well let them. Once I'm inside you, you'll feel so good that you wouldn't notice ten guys in the room," Rick said.

I grudgingly agreed after some more coaxing from all three of them. I was really horny from all the caressing, and Rick threatened not to give me his cock if I didn't give in. That's what finally sealed the deal.

While Andy and Michael sat on the floor, Rick pulled off my panties and began to lick me. No one had ever done it as well before, and I loved it. Every time his hot, wet tongue flicked over my clit, I moaned with pleasure and bucked against his mouth. I was seconds from an orgasm when he stopped.

"Fuck her, man. Ram her deep for us," Andy urged.

That's what he did. He knelt over me, hovering just above me, lightly rubbing the very tip of his cock against my clit until I began literally begging for him to fuck me. When he had me pleading, he rammed it in harder than anyone ever had before.

"God, she's so tight! She's so fucking tight! I love this pussy so much!"

He groaned and said things like that with every thrust until he came. I realized how much the dirty talk added to the experience and joined in some myself.

"That's right, daddy! Fuck your dirty slut hard! Fill me with that hot cum! Fill my slutty pussy!" I screemed as his cum flooded into me.

I looked over at the guys and saw that they both had their dicks out and were jerking them hard. This turned me on so much. I had forgotten about not wanting to feel slutty by this point.

"I want more cock. You two can have me," I said to them.

They both rushed at the bed as if I would change my mind any minute. They decided that Andy would fuck my pussy first while I sucked Michael.

Andy's cock was bigger, but Rick's cum helped lube up the situation so that he slid in with no problem. He fucked me hard too. I could feel him so deep in me that it hurt until my body got used to it.

"I'm hard again. Where can I stick my cock? Who has a hole for me?" Rick asked.

"I'll let you try my ass, dude, but you have to be careful. Don't do what you did to her. Go in slowly. I'm dead serious," Michael said.

I was shocked at this, but no one else seemed to be. Andy was ramming away at my pussy, I was sucking Michael as if my life depended on it, and Rick was easing his pussy-wet cock into Michael's ass. It was so hot. I loved seeing Rick's cock burying itself in there.

"Oh, god, that's great!" Michael said.

"Fuck her pussy! She loves it! Fuck her! Do her like a dirty whore!" Rick directed at Andy as he began thrusting into Michael's ass faster and faster.

"Her pussy is amazing!" Andy answered.

After Rick shot his load into Michael's ass, he decided my ass needed something too. He told Michael to fuck it while Andy continued fucking my pussy. I wasn't so sure about that though because my ass was virgin.

"It feels so good. You'll love having two cocks in you at once," Michael reassured.

I figured I couldn't get any sluttier than I already was so I gave in without much protest. Andy rolled onto his back and I began riding him while Michael lubed up his cock with lotion Rick gave him. He entered my ass slowly, but it still kind of hurt.

"It hurts! It's too tight!" I yelled.

"Just concentrate on Andy's cock in your pussy. It'll feel better soon," Rick advised.

Sure enough, my ass stretched to accommodate Michael and it began to feel awesome. Each cock gave me a different kind of pleasure. I couldn't believe I liked having my ass fucked, but I really did.

The best part of the whole experience was that both guys inside me came at about the same time. This caused me too cum too, though it was a few seconds after them. My orgasm was the strongest I'd ever had. I could feel the juices flooding out of me and all over Andy. It was incredible.

Ever since that day, I've been a total cum slut. I love to watch and be watched. Guys fucking each other is a particular turn on of mine. I love to watch cocks ram into tight male asses. I also like my tight ass to be fucked while my pussy is too. I am really thankful too the guys for introducing me to all of this. I don't worry about being a slut anymore either. I now just accept it as a fact.