 I followed Lisa as she went through the doors of the elevator. She looked at me and said that she was nervous, "I have never did anything like this before." I told her that I knew and that I was also nervous. She looked back at me and asked why I should be nervous, "I am the one that's going to be fucking him...not you." The doors parted and we saw by the signed in the hallway that we were on the tenth floor. Gibbons was waiting in room 1014.

Lisa hesitated and stepped from the elevators and saw the signs that said that room 1002 to 1020 were to the right and turned in that direction. I followed her. She stopped and turned around and took my hand. She squeezed it tightly and then took a deep breath before walking on.

Lisa was thirty one and I was a year older. We had been married eight years. I have to say that the eight years were the best anyone could hope for. We had met in college when we were both getting degrees and fell in love. She was a virgin and so was I. We had both felt that by keeping ourselves for each other on our wedding night would make it special for us. We were right and we had never questioned our decision to wait. For eight years we had been happy, even when we found that Lisa could not have children. We had each other and we were thinking of adopting as soon as possible.

That is till the fate full day that Lisa went to work at the federal building ans then all hell broke loose for us. We took rapid transit from the station just a block away from our apartment. Before we boarded we went by Mario's place across the street to pick up donuts for all the secretaries at work. Mario's was crowded and Lisa must have picked up to wrong bag from the counter when we saw that the train would be there soon. We grabbed the bag and left.

We sat next to each other on the train on the way into the city and Lisa's body felt warm and supple to me. I had placed the bag withe donuts and our briefcases on the opposite seat till a man sat down and we moved the briefcases and the bag over and forgot about it for the rest of the commute. I had seen the man before on the train and today he was especially obvious when he stared at Lisa's legs. She had to wear short skirts because she had to get up from her desk a lot of times and anything longer would have hampered her.

She usually wore thick pantyhose but today she had ripped her last pair while putting them on. The result was that Lisa's creamy legs flesh were on display. Usually when she crossed the legs her pantyhose protected the view but today her skirt rode halfway up her thighs and the man was enjoying the view. It was nothing and I kept quite while he feasted his eyes on the sight. Lisa nuzzled me to show that she was feeling a little frisky. She wasn't turned on but she didn't try to cover herself. That would have been an impossible task so Lisa just let him look. I felt a little pride that she was turning him on so. 

He was older than us by twenty years or so but was very well built. He was good looking in a rugged way. he had a long scar which once before my wife had remarked had made him sexy. I acted hurt till we got home and Lisa gave me the best blow job possible. She took to sucking me the first time on our honeymoon and had only gotten better. We kidded about the fact that neither of us had anyone to confirm her oral talents. I had never had another woman and she had never did it to another man to find out what he thought.

One night after she had blown me for an hour without stopping she remarked that any man would say she was good. I told her that at least a hundred men would have to confirm that she was the greatest. She told me that then she would suck off a hundred men and see what they thought. I stopped this kind of talk when my eight inch thick cock filled her up and We fucked for over an hour. I told her that the only competition would be her velvet pussy. Some women are gifted with a velvet feel to their cunt and Lisa was one of the few.

That morning when we got off to go in to the federal building where we had to go before we went to the office. It shared the same entrance but you had to pass between a metal detector before going in. We knew the security man on the detector from going in the other entrance and spoke to him as we went in. I glanced behind us and saw the man from the train as I placed the bag containing the donuts and the briefcases on the table to go between the monitors.

Lisa and I were about to walk when there was a loud alarm from the bag of donuts. Clarence looked at us, " What do you have there Jim?" He thought that I forgot something. He opened the bag and saw the small automatic there. He was about to get over his shock when the man from the train suddenly materialized and told him that he would take it from there. he held a wallet open in his hand. Clarence took a look at the credentials displayed there and just went on to the next person in line behind us as Lisa and i were led to a small room by the man from the train.

I smelled a rat and told the man in no uncertain terms. He asked if the bag was mine or my wife's. I knew that the donuts were for Lisa's office but i said that they were mine. "No matter you two are together so it's a moot point. He acted very official as he placed the gun in front of us,"You were caught trying to smuggle a gun into the federal building. Who were you going to shoot? The secretary of State was due there at noon for a meeting so we can assume that she was the target.

Lisa was sobbing uncontrollably while I put my arms around her protectively. The man said that he was Samuel Gibbons. He was in charge of security for the building. He said that he had watched Lisa for several weeks while he stayed in an apartment close to us. He knew who we were and told us that our lives were in his hands and that he could turn us over to homeland security. "You don't even have to be guilty for them...just the word would be enough to screw up your happy lives."

Lisa knew that she could kiss her job goodbye and be branded forever but what bothered her the most was that she would never be allowed to adopt a child. I asked Gibbons what he wanted because he had obviously set us up and he just grinned and looked at Lisa's legs. I started to get up and beat him to a pulp then, I could have easily, But he exposed his revolver then and said that he could kill me then Lisa would be at his mercy without me, "Why don't you two play along?" After a while he said that we could go home and talk it over.

We left and Lisa took a long time before she could accept that the man wanted sex with her and we could do nothing about it. He had taken a lot of pictures and we had to sign some papers before we could leave. While Lisa cried her eyes dry I was on the outside pay station to a friend of mine. I knew that a crime had been committed against us and I would take measures to protect us. Lisa had accepted that she had to have sex or it would never have worked. 

I tried to tell Lisa that we would finally get to test her theory out. Lisa said she knew that I was just trying to make a game out of it. A game we could control. I knew that we had to tape him. I took Lisa out that night. We had to give Gibbons an answer by tomorrow night. We drove to a derelict part of town where there was no chance we would be recognized. Lisa looked at the adult video sign in front and asked what we were doing there. I took her inside and to a booth. I had gotten several dollars in tickets from the counter in front. I talked to Lisa as I fed tickets into the video.

"I have to suck cock don't I...for the first time I have to suck a cock besides yours," Lisa said dejectedly, " I have no choice. Even if I refused and told them to put us through Homeland Security we would be dead." I told her that that about summed it up. I also told her that he would not be the first cock other than mine that she did. She looked at the large holes in the walls and said that she was ready. It hurt like hell but I had made up my mind that Lisa would have other cocks before his so that his wouldn't be so special to her and to him also.

I kissed her then and started to undress her. I had her naked and moaning in no time. Lisa saw some movement in the next booth and told me that her first cock was here. My heart was in my throat as I led her to kneel down with her head at the hole but she got to her feet. "I have to take it slow and get in the mood first Jim," she said as she turned her beautiful butt to the window and took my head in her hands and kissed me long and passionately. Suddenly her eyes got real big and i looked over her shoulder to see a hairy arm come through the hole and start caressing her butt cheeks.

I couldn't help it. With Lisa kissing me and me feeling her breast I got hard. My cock rose hard and rigid. I reached for the arm and found the caressing hand. I directed it between her legs and backed her up some. The man's fingers started to open up her cunt lips and Lisa moaned in passion. Her tongue thrust faster and deeper in my mouth as the man began to finger fuck her in earnest. He was slamming his fingers in her and the heel of his hand was hitting against her nub at the top of her cunt lips. Lisa started to orgasm on the strangers fingers and ground her cunt hard down on them. She moaned out her orgasm in my mouth.

When the stranger withdrew his hand his arm vanished through the hole. His jean covered crotch appeared in the hole and he started to unzip. Lisa fell back to her knees and reached through the hole. Her hands quickly completed the unzipping and then pushed the jeans down. Her arms were a lot smaller than his burly arm. His hairy belly and cock came pubic hair came into view. Lisa was almost feverish in her desire to uncover his cock. Then it was there. A thick uncut shaft. The skin peeled back with Lisa's help and uncovered the large purple head. Lisa pulled then and the stranger stuck his entire nine inches and some of his cock hair through the hole. Lisa took the cock and closed her fist over it. 

"You made me cum so good and now I am going to repay you with the best blow job you ever had. She did just that. From the moment that her lips spread open and the cock pushed into her mouth till she let him shoot large amounts of fresh sperm into her sucking mouth. She pulled the cock back till just the tip was resting on her tongue and let the last few spurts shoot into her throat. She let him finish cumming and then looked at me. With the cock still buried in her mouth just as she has done top me a thousand times. She then took the shaft and milked the dredges of cum still in the tube into her mouth and then she kissed me with her mouth open.

When we finished licking the others mouths out she took the cock she still held and pushed my mouth on it. For five minutes the two of us took turns taking the hard again cock into our mouths till it started throbbing and she held my mouth on it as it deposited it's load in my mouth. As the cock withdrew she kissed and licked the insides of my mouth. She then got up and opened the door just as the man left. Our booth was pretty roomy so she pulled him into it. "Do you want to fuck me too?" he was getting hard again as she felt his cock harden.

Now that we could see his face I got the impression that he was a sailor, about sixty five years old. He had a gut but I could tell it was muscle. Lisa held him and pulled his wrinkled face to her soft smooth one in a passionate kiss. She thrust her tongue into his throat and laved it with her wet organ. He tried to reach her tonsils with his tongue. I thought i had better get busy. Lisa wanted another man to fuck her and so did I. Tomorrow she would have to do this with Gibbons and she wanted to be ready for him.

I pushed his jeans down again and his thick cock reared up and ready. I reached down between him and my wife and grasped the thick cock. I knew that he was just a little larger than me so I wasn't worried that Lisa couldn't handle him. I angled his cock up toward my mouth and went way down on it to wet it good, however when I spread Lisa's lips they were so wet that I knew that it was a useless gesture. Still I enjoyed sucking it again. I rubbed the end of the cock up and down her cunt lips and teased them both. He plunged forward and she pushed against his cock.I held them back by holding his cock in place, "God damned it Jim let him fuck me...now."

I released his cock and it pushed in my wife all the way to his balls. I heard them both sigh as he bottomed out in her cunt. He was so hot that he came in less than a minute. "Oh my God a velvet cunt," He screamed as he came. She came seconds later and held him close to her body. His naked hairy body molded to her soft pale one. I told Lisa that we had better get going but I noticed them whispering together. Lisa looked at me and said that he had a room nearby and that she wanted to fuck him in a bed if I didn't mind. "I want you there too Jim." I was ready and my cock hardened again. I wanted to see Lisa fuck and I got less than a minute of it.

They dressed and we walked out of the store a few doors and into an old door. there were a set of stairs leading up and we took them. At the top of the stairs he went to a door and used a key. We stepped into a room that was barely larger than the double bed in it. There was no sheets and the mattress looked well used. Lisa took off her dress and lay down as the sailor undressed. Completely naked he looked like a white hairy gorilla. Only his head neck and arms were tanned. Lisa held her arms open to him and he fell in between them. I was forgotten for around twenty minutes as they fucked and kissed. he swallowed her breast and she sucked his hairy teats into her wet mouth. Finally he stiffened up and grunted a few times and Lisa mewled like a cat as she had orgasm after orgasm as the laid there and kissed deeply for another five minutes. She reluctantly got up and dressed she bent over to kiss him one last time but he had fallen asleep.

As we went back down the street Lisa stopped at the book store and asked me if I had any more tickets. I told her that I did. She bent her head toward the wanted more cocks. She went in front of the hols and shook her dress off. As soon as she opened her mouth and licked her lips a cock came through. She took it in her mouth right and didn't let go till it had cum in her. She kissed me to let me have some of the cum. Almost at once there was another one. This one was black and a little larger, She sucked it down as she did to three more before she said that we had a lot to do tomorrow. On the way out the man, a tall skinny man looked at her and asked if she was leaving so soon. She went behind the counter and he had his cock already out stroking it. She sucked it till he came. Outside she was just getting ready to close the car door when another older man walked to her door. He had a large soft cock in his hand. She sucked it hard and had him cumming in five minutes. I floored the car. If any more guy's had come up Lisa would have sucked them and we had to get to bed.

The next day I took off from work and Lisa did too. We met Sam Gibbons in the room where he was waiting for us. Lisa hesitated when he took her by the hand and led her to the bed. She turned and kissed me passionately on the lips before she let herself be led to the bed by Gibbons. I spoke up then, "Hold on a minute...we want all of the tapes of the gun and the forms that we signed...the originals," I said forcefully.

"You sure are demanding a lot for a man who has his balls tired." Gibbons said laughing. He took the papers and threw then on the table along with the tape from the metal detectors that showed me and Lisa on them. "I get to have a little fun with your wife first and when I'm finished she will love this...," he took off his pants and let his cock, all twelve inches of it swing free. Lisa Gasped and I swallowed my tongue as I saw the huge cock that my sweet wife would have buried in her if I couldn't get him to admit what he had done on the small bug I had hidden up my ass.

First he had Lisa undress and he jammed his fingers in her cunt and her anus before he told me to undress. I was counting on the fact that he was to macho to stick his fingers in my ass where i had put the recording device that Roy had given me. He was now manning the tape recorder in the room next door to us. He looked at me and said," You undress completely...I just want to make sure that you don't have anything hidden on you." I undressed and turned around while he looked at me. Gibbons only asked me to lift my balls and spread my butt cheeks apart.

" Alright now you sit over there and jack off while you watch your wife discover what a man has sex like. I sat in a chair on the side of the bed. He told me to start jerking off and laughed as i took my limp cock and started to think about Lisa and the night before. I knew that Gibbons had a large cock but I was hoping that Lisa would not be swayed by it. I spread my legs apart and pushed my ass forward to capture the sound better. " Now whore," he said to Lisa, "Suck me slut." Lisa didn't like his calling her names but she reached and took his giant cock into her mouth. She could not get all the large thick cock in her mouth.

Gibbons laughed at her attempts and told me to show her how. I was shocked but I knew that I had to. He told Lisa to hold it for me to suck him. Her small hands looked real tiny trying to grasp the thick weapon. She looked at me with her eye's full of love and I took the thick monster in my mouth. I was just able to get it in. He told us both to suck him. "Well now look at that I have both the sweet little married people sucking on my cock," he started to laugh more as I showed Lisa how to get the cock head in her mouth. I knew as did Lisa that we had to get him excited so he would talk more freely.

I took Gibbons finger and brought it between my wife's leg's, "She liked to have her cunt finger fucked while she's sucking cock," I told him. He started to ram his fingers into my wife's cunt. She moaned as she started to become excited. He smirked and told her to keep sucking and me to suck his balls. I told Lisa to suck harder. She was now taking about a third of the cock in her mouth. I sucked first one testicle and then the other one. If he had not been who he was I could have enjoyed it. With Lisa sucking his large cock and me sucking his balls it was like last night all over again.

"Take his cum Lisa," I said excitedly. Then to Gibbons I said, "Looks like she is loving your big cock down her throat," Lisa was now swallowing half of his length. I stabbed my stiffened tongue in his anus and he stopped being so arrogant and became more of a man aroused.

I got back up with my wife as she appeared to enjoy sucking the enormous cock. I looked at him and asked if he was happy with the way things had turned out. He nodded his head while very aroused. " Did you really have to plant a gun on us to make it happen...why couldn't you have just asked?"

I couldn't take a chance on it...I had to make sure and the only way was to trap you two with the gun...," he said. Just then he came in buckets and Lisa started swallowing like a woman dying of thirst. She took all she could in her mouth and i grabbed the cock and took the next few spurts. Lisa swallowed fast and took the cock from me as i swallowed. She sighed as she let the cum pour into her mouth. Gibbon's spurts were getting less and less and Lisa and I kissed and swallowed the rest. She looked me in the eyes and said that she loved me. There was a knock on the door and Gibbons just lay there with Lisa still sucking his limp cock. I opened the door a little and looked to see Roy. He looked at me with a grin and gave me a thumbs up sign. Gibbons had so much as said that he had trapped me and Lisa. I noticed the large tent in Roy's pants and the way his eye's opened wide when he saw Lisa naked.
