 It had been a busy two weeks in Berlin. There had been the time in the booth at the convention center, the private conferences, and the parties that I was required to attend. There were sales quotas to make, customers problems to solve. Through it all, I was always on guard to project the proper company image. "Friendly, yes, but I won't fuck you", as I jokingly tell my associates at Frederick's of Hollywood.

The others departed for the States on Thursday. I elected to stay on for a week. Friday night, I was taken to a jumping hot spot by a cab driver, after I slipped him twenty Marks. Like a downtown San Fran bar, any type of person your little heart desired was there. The music was German, but a beat is a beat, so the dancing was fun. 

As I had heard, some of the guys were in need of a good bath. Otherwise, everyone that I met was friendly to me, even when they found out I was an American. I struck up a conversation with a woman that spoke English. While with her, I happened to glance at a magazine. An article caught my eye. I showed it to her.

The woman explained that the ad was for women that wished to try out to "Star" in a pornographic movie. I ask her if it was common to advertise for that position, and were there a lot of that kind of movie made in Berlin. She answered "Yes" to both questions. We were interrupted when a guy ask her to dance.

I was horny. I craved some excitement. Sitting there, I thought; "Gee, if I was in a German film no one in the States would ever see me." Then, I "Got real," when the sobering thought struck me "You are an old woman of 41, and a little chunky at one hundred and thirty five pounds. They would only be interested in some young thing of eighteen to twenty five." I smiled and went back to watching the sea of strange creatures before me. I did put the magazine in my purse.

During the night, I fingered myself several times thinking of strange cocks in me. "I will only go to the try out to see what kind of people are there." 

At 10:45 AM, the cab dropped me off in front of a modest looking, two story, building. I walked in. The office was occupied by an older woman in a blouse and slacks smoking a cigarette. After some sign language, I was handed a number, and then she led me down a hallway into a larger room. At one end there were fifteen woman of various ages. Two men sat at a table in front of a small stage. No one looked my way as I entered.

At eleven, one of the men, speaking in German, issued some directions. All the woman took off all their clothes, except their high heel, as did I, following their example. The men did not stare at them, and the woman continued in their conversations, or sipping coffee as they waited for what was next. Numbers were called . One by one the woman were asked to walk back and fourth on the stage before the two men, who sat at the table, occasionally writing notes. Six of the girls were told to get on their hands and knees and shake so that the men could see their breasts sway. 

I was asked to walk, crawl, and shake my tits too. When I finished, I was surprised to hear my number called as one of the five girls to be hired. My game had gone further then I thought it would. One of the men approached me. Speaking in broken English, he said, "We will break for lunch and then the van will take the you and the rest of the crew to this afternoons shooting site. Shooting will be for two days. We make several movies at once, so you will go from one role to another, sometimes with the same set, but different men." He pointed to a small place to eat across the street, and was gone. 

I joined the other gals for lunch. There was nothing hard about them. Two spoke English. Two were housewives. One was a student, and one a nurse. All were interested in the 800 Marks ( about $400.00 US) a day pay for their "Time." 

The first shooting site was a treed park area. The plot of the movie that I was in had scenes of me wearing a dress (K Mart Blue light special type) being pulled by the hair through the woods by this guy wearing a black leather jacket, black pants, and a black leather hat. He was the Bad Guy. Following us. Not is the picture with us, was a Police officer. We were being tracked by "dongs and condoms being dropped by the bad guy. 

In a clearing, my dress was ripped off. With my hands tied, I lay on the ground. Bad guy flings off his clothes and the Director yells, "Cut." Bad Guy does not have a hard on. 

While I am laying there naked, there is a long discussion between the Director, Bad Guy, Cop, and another guy. Off to one side three of the woman are sitting at a table drinking Coke, and three of the men crew members are arranging for other scenes. No one is looking at me. Some ants on the blanket begin to crawl on me.

Bad Guy starts to run his hand up and down his cock causing it to stiffen into an excellent cock. They are ready to shoot. Oh, my. It is long and thick. I'm thinking, "Don't run that thing into me dry." Bad Guy picks up a bottle of "Slick Glide." After coating that thing between his legs he gets into position. The director yells something, and Bad hops on me and runs his rod all the way into my dry pussy with one push. If they needed a look of fear, they got it. It was not necessary, since the lube worked and I was fine. 

I had been told to squirm and try to roll from side to side. Bad was humping as fast as he could. I looked to the side. The three woman were talking to each other, and not looking at us even though they were no further then flirty feet away. The fourth woman was some distance further, speaking on a cell phone. The three crew members were laying a mat and blanket. The director was sipping a Coke and speaking to the camera man, who was the only person watching me getting fucked. 

Bad Guy humped as hard as he could, pulled out, and blew his load all over my tummy. Off to one side, I could see the Cop stroking his cock. At the right moment, he tucked it into his pants and ran onto the "Set." He hit Bad guy one the head, causing him to fall to the ground. Bad guy is cuffed. Ahhh, I am saved. Well sort of.

Cop casts an evil glance in all directions, and looking like the Keystone Cops, flings off his pants, but leaves on the hat and jacket. He jumps on me and begins to fuck like crazy. Good thing that "Slick Guide" works so well. It does not hurt, and now I am beginning to feel very good. Very good, indeed. I pull my tied up hand down over the Cops head, so that I can get a grip on his back. Digging in my heals, I begin to thrust at that pole that is filling my insides, and then some. I don't know who was watching. Didn't care. My orgasm was coming. My jaw opened, as I gasped out in pleasure; "Yes, Yess, Yesss, Yesssss, Ohhhhhhhh." My cunt clamping onto his cock caught the Cop off guard and he unloaded his sperm into me with four warm spurts. It was wonderful!

"Cut, Cut, Cut," the Director yelled. Cop got off me as he would a toilet seat. He had not said a word to me, and neither had Bad Guy. I was told to wash up and be ready for a shoot in thirty minutes. A small gal, with small breasts, and a cute face, was to be the center of attention of three guys. I walked to the bathroom to clean up.

My next scene was in a small cabin. I am fucking my lover. Two of his friends stop for a visit and they share me. The Director stops this several times for the men to get up a hard on when the camera is on them. By now, the fact that anyone is watching me naked, being fucked is not on my mind. With three hard fucking cocks working my cunt and mouth, I have a series of orgasms, much to the Directors delight.

When this started, I was worried about being hurt by huge cocks. I had been with five of the men. So far, they felt good. The largest was about ten inches long, and all were thick. Excitement was what I had wanted. I was getting that, and then some.

The next day we were taken to a remote farmhouse. The place had been rented. The owner and two of his friends stayed to watch. I was the first gal to be called on. My swaying C cup breast were the reason, since this lover scene was "Doggie" style. They had the guy eat me for a time. then he ran that pole of his deep into me. I thought I would pass out, it felt so good. It seemed that his wand was in my stomach, as I moaned and thrust back at him. This was not acting. My mouth opened, and gasping from pleasure, I again told the World, "Yessss, Oh, Yesss, Yesssssssss, Oh Yyeeesssssss." The guy filled me with his sperm, which leaked down my leg.

After the "Cut," I cleaned up and sat sipping on a Cock. Two of the gals were being serviced in a gangbang scene. The other director, that spoke English, asked me to come into one of the other bedrooms. I noted, as I walked into the room, that the farmer and his two friends were standing to one side. As I got to the Director, the door was closed behind me. I was told, " We rent this place from this man. He gets of fuck any woman he wants with his friends. They want you. Do what they want." With that he walked out.

The door was closed by the farmer, a man of well over two hundred and twenty pounds. He stood with his back to it. I glanced to one side and the other as both friends dropped their clothes in a heap. My clothes were removed.. I was lowered onto the bed, with each of the friends laying on my arms. Their attention, however, was on the farmer, who was slowly dropping his pants. A strange smile played on his lips as he watched my reaction to him. As his cock came into view, I knew why.

The Director had made a big mistake. Compared to this man, his other male porn stars were just boys. Hung took on a new meaning. Yes, it was sitting low below his pubic bone, but that thing between his legs, that was beginning to rise, was an addition to the man, with a character of its own. Beet red, with veins the size of pencils, it was rising with each beat of his heart. It thickened and thickened, as his hand slid up and down its length three times to hurry its erection. The bulb on the end was as big as a golf ball, and gleamed as a small stream of liquid betrayed his excitement. I was about to get the fucking of my life.

I'm a big girl. I had fucked six large men in the last two days. The men on each side reached down and pulled my legs apart and up over my head. One man got up and standing by my head held my legs firmly down against my shoulders, as the farmer eased onto the bed. MY cunt was now facing straight up, and defenseless. As that monstrous cock neared my cunt, I was wide eyed in amazement and awe with its size. 

They knew that I had been fucked a half hour ago. They knew that the last guy had filled me with his jism. I had washed the cunt hair, but they knew this cock would have a slippery passage into the soul of me. That was what they wanted. They wanted to fuck me so deep and so well that I would cry out like a cow as she receives three feet of bull cock..

I watched as the red, one eyed monster was run slowly up from my ass to the opening of my cunt. He eased it into the opening that he hungered to thrust into. Once in place, he placed both arms on each side of, and outside my shoulders, and spread his legs slightly. He dropped onto me. All his weight drove the entire length of that monster into my cunt. It hurt for the first three sizzling passages of that rod into my very womb. Then it begin. 

The feeling of all my sexual zones being stressed to their maximum, and at that moment the two men on each side roughly begin to yank and squeeze my breasts. "Aaahhhhh, Ride me, Please Ride meeeeeee," rushed from my lips as that train of cock muscle made all the fucking this girl had before seem like child's play. Again and again, during the next ten minutes, I shook as the orgasms shocks thrashed my body.

With several loud grunts, he pumped his seed into me.

"Cut, Cut, Cut," the director yelled as he entered the room. "Oh, that was wonderful,' he said. 

My look of bewilderment brought smiles, and a low laugh from all four men. Monster cock walked over to the side of the bed. 

Lowering himself to his knee, he said in a distinctly American voice, "Hi, I'm Billy Johnson, the star of the movie. There are cameras in the flowers, clock, bed stand, radio, and over head fan. We want to record a woman's expressions when she first sees my cock, and then how she reacts as the scenes progress. Your reaction was just what the Director wanted. Oh, and your a very good fuck too, I might add." 

"You're not so bad yourself," I retorted, as I shifted my weight to allow my legs to open slightly. 

"Where are you from?" He stood, smiled, and said, "I work out of an office just down the street from the intersection of Hollywood and Vine, in Hollywood, California. It is easy to find. It is across the street form a store called, Frederick's of Hollywood. If your ever in the area, I would love to be with you again."

"Really!"

- I'm Softly UB 2 -