 Andrea and I met Curt that next weekend on the corner of Hollywood and Vine. He chose the spot and it isn't too far from where we live so we agreed. He was so sweet; he had brought two bouquets of flowers, one for each of us. I had brought a bottle of cherry flavoured lube. It turns out that Curt is just in town for vacation and he is really from Nebraska where he works in the healthcare industry. We took him to an inexpensive motel just off the Hollywood freeway. I don't ever take boys home with me. I'll go to their houses or we can go to neutral ground, like a hotel or a motel, or the back booth in a dark bar, but never to my house. 

Dressing rooms in department stores work pretty well too. The best one I know about is the women's changing room in Nordstrom's at Del Amo Fashion Center but that's way down in Torrance, we were in Hollywood. Besides, I'm seldom quiet with anal sex and that was what I wanted with Curt. 

I think, I mentioned in my last post about him that his dick was long and thin. I wanted to entertain the deep penetration without the oversized reaming. Andrea wanted the same thing and Curt had told me that he had never taken a partner anally before so, we were going to pop his cherry! So exciting!

At the motel Andrea and I were arguing about who got to be first. Normally I don't mind whether I'm first, last, or somewhere in the middle; but I really wanted to be the one to inaugurate Curt in the joys of anal sex. We decided to play rock, paper, scissors and begin the game fully clothed. The winner would lose an article of clothing until naked and once one of us was completely naked they would get to be first with Curt. We sat him on the bed and she and I stood toe to toe in front of the TV set. 

"One, two, three," Andrea and I both shook our fists along with the count. On three I threw scissors, she threw paper . "Damn," I said as she pulled her t-shirt over her head. Andrea has really nice titties - not too big, and they curve upward at the nipples, like a ski slope with the nips pointing up. She was wearing a bra but it was a push-up bra. She looked good, Curt noticed and she knows she looks good so she flaunted it just a bit.

"One, two, three," she threw scissors again but this time I threw rock. Immediately, I turned around with my back to Curt and slithered out of my shorts; bending at the waist as I pushed them to the floor. I wore thong panties so he got an eyeful of what I was offering that day I shook my butt back and forth, stood back up and turned around so he could see the front of my panties. The green colour looked good against my tanned thighs. Andrea was frowning.

Both of us girls shook our fists, "One, two, three," I threw rock again, so did Andrea - tie. "Again, one, two, three." She threw rock and I threw paper. Hooking my thumbs over the elastic band of my thong I faced Curt and pushed my panties down. I had my bush trimmed down short but it was still there, still promising the pleasures of the flesh. I knew Andrea shaved and I was glad to be different. Curt was watching carefully as I slowly pirouetted and when I was facing away from him I paused and bent at the waist again. I reached back and spread my cheeks so he could get another good look.

"One, two, three," and Andrea won. She removed the bra and let the girls free. She took the two steps over to the bed and sort of pushed her tits in his face. He wrapped his lips around a nipple and spent the next few seconds sucking on it. I had to break them up.

"One, two, three," I threw scissors and she threw the rock. She walked back over to Curt and let him push down her skirt to reveal her french cut, powder blue panties. Then he ran his hand back up her thigh and let his fingers linger between her legs, moving ever so slightly over the top of her clitoris. She drew a sharp breath and I watched as his dick strained against the left leg of his jeans. I broke them up again.

"One, two, three," we shook our fists and my scissors beat her paper. This time I walked over by Curt and raised my arms, inviting him to lift my shirt over my head.

"No fair," Andrea protested, "you're not wearing a bra!" she was right. I was naked. I had won the game. Eagerly, I reached for Curt's belt and began working to undo it. I could see through his trousers that he was hard. Andrea pitched in and we had him completely nude in almost no time. His cock was long and thin. Really long.

"Andrea, did you bring that tape measure?"

"Right here."

"Let's see how long this thing is. Do we measure from the top, where it joins with his abdomen? Or do we measure along the bottom, from his sac?" I asked.

Andrea cocked her head, pulled her panties to the side and straddled Curt's lap. "For research purposes lets see what part contacts me first, his pelvis or his nut sac. That will identify the effective part of his dick." 

Curt was smiling as Andrea lowered her pussy onto his rigid cock she slid up and down to ensure full penetration and when she was sure he was as deep as he was going to get she looked at me and said, "OK, CJ get down there and check it out."

I leaned down rubbed Curt's balls and pretended to study the scene, "I don't think it's fully inserted, Andrea. You might need to reposition yourself. Maybe jump up and down on it a few times." She slowly raised herself until only the tip of his dick remained inside and then slid down again; she repeated this maneuver several times. I continued to fondle his balls. Curt merely closed his eyes, leaned his head back and moaned.

"OK, I got it," I said, "definitely the top. We gotta measure the top." 

Andrea stood up and I held the tape measure against Curt's dick. "ten and a quarter inches," I said. "Well, actually one tick mark beyond that."

"Let me see," Andrea reached for the measure and looked at the numbers. She pointed at the markings beyond ten and a quarter inches, "this mark?" she asked, "or this one?"

"The first one," I said.

"That's ten and three eighths." Andrea reached out and tousled Curt's hair, "Hey, I'm impressed, big guy, but CJ won the game. You do her first."

Curt grabbed his dick, "How do we do this?" he asked me.

"You are already hard," I answered, "so we can just lube up and go for it if you want to." 

He nodded his head but looked a little leery. I reached for the lube and squeezed a little on my hand. I held it out to him, "Taste it." I said, "its cherry flavor and it's pretty good so we can lick or suck if you want to." He took a taste and smiled. Curt wasn't talking much today.

I squeezed more on my hand and rubbed it on his cock. "Give me your hand." I instructed and I squeezed some out for him. I turned over and laid on my stomach, my hips elevated on a pillow "Rub some on my ass now and don't forget to stick your finger in. Without enough lube neither of us would enjoy this very much."

Curt did as instructed and his finger felt great. He lingered as he thrust it in deep and twisted it around. I was anxious but he was teasing me. Finally he brought the head of his cock in contact with my rosebud and I pushed back against it. We were so well lubed that the head slid in straightaway. He moved in and out going a little deeper with each thrust of his boner. I was in heaven with his long dick deep in my backside and I lifted my ass a little more. 

That was all the encouragement that he needed and the long, slow, deep pushing began; both of us pushing against the other. Gradually the tempo increased and soon I was transported. The first time I came I clamped my cheeks together as hard as I could. I was as rigid and stiff as his dick but he didn't slow down. He kept it up and he got even faster as he neared his own orgasm. I came the second time when I felt his warm cum flooding my ass. His dick had gotten even stiffer, if that were possible, and I could sense, rather than feel, the spasms of each individual spurt. We were one as we rode the crest of our orgasms together. He stopped thrusting when he came. We were both making a lot of noise and scarcely noticed the knock on the door.

Andrea noticed though and went over to swing the door wide, wearing nothing but her birthday suit. It was the manager, the guy from the front desk whom we had checked in with when we took the room. He didn't say anything at first. He only looked openly at Andrea before leaning to the side to see me on the bed, with my butt elevated, my hair a mess and a dick deep in my ass. I think Curt was a bit embarrassed and he pulled his cock out. The manager was mesmerized watching the cum run from my ass and down my leg where it puddled on the bedspread. It was one of those thin bedspreads like your grandmother used to have, with ornamental knotting and the twisted fringe around the edges that dusted the floor. Finally Andrea stepped in front of him and said, "Yes?" 

This brought him back to his senses. He cleared his throat, "Hey, I know youse guys are in here fuckin' n all, an' that's OK, but can you keep it down a bit? I'm getting' a lotta calls at the desk." He stopped talking but his mouth was still open. His eyes were moving from Andrea's face to her titties and down to her shaved pussy then back up to her face again. He was trying really hard though.

"Sure thing," Andrea told him and she began to close the door, she got it halfway closed before opening it wide again. His eyes were locked on her crotch. "Hey," she said to the manager. He looked back up at her face. "We're probably gonna need some extra towels here," she said and smiled. "Do you mind?"

He shook his head, with a look of longing on his face. Then he turned and walked away; back towards the office.

After he left we all had a good laugh and I spun around positioning my head at the foot of the bed. Andrea knew what I was doing and straddled my head. She lowered her pussy down where I could service it, but before I did, I said, "Come on over here Curt. Andrea needs you too."

"But, I'm not hard right now."

"Come on and stand behind her. Look at her sweet ass and pussy, reach around and give those magnificent titties a squeeze. I can lick your cock or suck on your balls. You'll get hard again. I guarantee it."

He came over and did as I had instructed and in almost no time he was rigid. I lubed both of them up and as he slowly inserted his cock in her ass I started flicking my tongue over her clit. When the door opened Andrea looked up and saw the manager standing there staring with his mouth open.

"Are we making too much noise again?" she asked. He shook his head and stared, held up a stack of towels and shrugged his shoulders. "Oh, just leave them on the chair, please," Andrea said as Curt continued driving his dick in and out of her ass.

The manager set the towels down on the chair and watched us for a little while before he dropped his head and left, silently, respectfully closing the door behind himself.