 Tracy paced the floor in the bedroom, so nervous she couldn't be still. She was wearing only a short pink silk night gown and it floated around her as she walked back and forth, trying to calm down and breath. This whole plan was crazy; they couldn't really go through with it, could they? She stopped in her tracks when she heard the front door, then walked backwards until the back of her legs hit the bed, and she sat down. She thought she might start hyperventilating, feeling panic set in. Why had she ever agreed to this??

The bedroom door swung open, and she saw her husband, Justin, standing there with another man right behind him. Justin was a little above average height, with short black hair, and dark blue eyes. He had a nice body, on the thin side, but with strong arms that she loved. The stranger next to her husband was a bit taller, with blond wavy hair. That's about all she could tell at first. Justin hadn't told her anything about the man he was bringing home, so she was very curious.

"Hi honey," Justin said. "This is my friend Bill, from work."

"Hi," she squeaked, feeling her throat closing up.

The two men entered the room, and Justin walked over and sat next to his wife on the bed, while Bill stood about a foot away, watching her. He rubbed her back, noticing her discomfort. "Are you okay to do this," he said. "If you want to back out..."

She hesitated, looking into the stranger's brown eyes. He was looking her up and down, eyes heavy. He appeared to like what he was seeing. Being looked at with such heated desire was helping the nervousness to leave her, and she felt excitement in the pit of her stomach.

"No hon," she said, eyes locked on Bill, "I was just a little nervous, but I'm feeling much better."

"Alright then," he said, and stood up to move next to Bill. "I'm just going to sit over there. Bill, go sit on the bed next to Tracy." He moved over to the chair by the wall, and sat down, his cock already stirring, as he watched his friend sit on the bed next to his wife. He couldn't believe this was actually happening. Unlike his wife however, he wasn't nervous at all, just turned on, and on edge with anticipation.

A few weeks ago when they were talking about fantasies, and he hesitantly mentioned watching her with another man, she didn't just shoot him down like he thought she would. She said she needed to think about it. By a couple of weeks later, he thought she had totally forgotten their conversation, or was pretending it didn't happen. But then she brought it up, and said MAYBE she would be willing to try if he really wanted to do it. He had someone in mind at work that would be perfect, and he told her he would set the date, so she wouldn't change her mind.

He took Bill out for drinks after work one night, and showed him some pictures of Tracy on his phone. She was a pretty, petite blond with green eyes, and a nice smile. Then Bill showed him a picture of Tracy no one but he had seen, and Bill saw even more of Tracy. She had small perky breasts, a small waist, and nice curvy hips. Justin saw the look in Bill's eyes, and explained the situation to see if he was interested. Bill wasn't in a relationship, and could see Justin was serious, so agreed. What the hell? They only worked together occasionally, so if things went south, they wouldn't have to see each other that much.

Now here they all were, and it was happening. Bill and his wife sat next to each other on the bed, and Bill leaned over to whisper in her ear, "I've been thinking about this all week. Thinking about the picture Justin showed me of you, laying back on this bed, naked and touching yourself. I could hardly think of anything else but touching you all over on this same bed and making you come over and over."

Justin couldn't hear what Bill said to his wife, but he saw her eyes widen, and then she licked her lips. She was getting aroused; he could read her body's signals. Bill put his hand on Tracy's thigh, gently caressing up and down, working closer and closer to her inner thigh. He gently pushed her back on the bed, and as she laid back, her legs naturally spread a little, and he immediately pulled the short nightgown up above her belly, smiling at the sight of her.

The cool air on her pussy felt wonderful. She had shaved completely for the first time, and now was glad she had. She looked straight up at the ceiling, as she felt the palm of his hand rub down along the outside of her pussy lips. A man other than her husband was touching her most private place, and she felt herself getting wet.

Tracy turned her head to look at her husband. He had taken his cock out of his pants, and was slowly stroking it to full hardness, looking directly at Bill's hand on her cunt. This turned her on even more, seeing her husband so excited watching another man pleasure her.

"You're already so wet," he said softly, as he kept whispering his fingertips over her pussy. "I need to taste you," and he moved to the floor between her legs. He took one look over at his friend, masturbating in the chair, and turned back to lick her pussy from the bottom to the top of her pussy lips, then started sucking on her clit.

Tracy was amazed at her husband's rapt attention to his friend eating her pussy. The ecstasy on his face was incredible. Bill was sucking her clit hard, and she felt his fingers slide inside, fucking her with his hand. She pushed her hips up, needing to be closer to his mouth and fingers, so close to climax already. He sensed her excitement and thrust in and out of her harder, faster, never losing contact with her swollen clit, until he heard her rising moan, juices squirting out on to his face and hand.

Not letting her body have time to relax, he stood up, unzipped his pants, pushed them down and kicked them to the side, then pulled his shirt over this head and threw that as well. He wasn't wearing any underwear, and he took his semi-hard cock in his hand.

"Sit up and suck my cock," he said firmly.

Tracy didn't even hesitate, sitting up on the edge of the bed, and leaning forward to place a gentle kiss on the tip of his penis, tasting his pre-cum on her lips. As his hand fell to his side, she reached over to hold his member in her hands. He was about the same length as her husband, but thicker, with a large mushroom head, and she wondered how it would feel inside her. With that thought sending a stab of warmth to the center of her, she started licking the shaft up and down, like a giant stick lollipop, while her hands circled the base, squeezing gently.

His cock was fully erect from the amazing job she was doing with her mouth and hands, and he rested his hands on the back of her head. She pulled back and tried to take him in her mouth. It was so thick, she could only get the head in at first, and she sucked hard, causing him to unconsciously push his hips forward, while pulling her head up a little, to force more of him into her mouth.

In his chair, Justin was quickly stroking his own rock hard cock. Seeing his wife's mouth on another man's penis was so hot, and he felt an odd sense of pride in her blow job skills. His friend was obviously enjoying her mouth and hands as he started to push forward to fuck her mouth.

Tracy's mouth had never been so full, lips stretched to the limit, tongue working along the head and shaft as he thrust in and out. Her eyes were frozen up, looking at Bill's face, his eyes closed in ecstasy. He opened his eyes, amazed at the sight of Tracy's mouth full of him, so near coming. He pulled out of her mouth, and pushed her hands off her, starting to jerk himself off.

Tracy could tell what he wanted, and just stayed in place, mouth open, waiting for him to finish. A moment later Bill grunted, and he squirted into her open mouth, and onto her face and chest. He kept jerking until the last drop spurted out, and Tracy moved in to lick off the bit of cum hanging off the tip.

Justin saw his friend's juices all over his wife's face, and that put him over the edge, his own cum squirting out onto his pants. Tracy looked over at her husband, cum dripping out of her mouth and down her chin, seeing he had also had an orgasm. She stood up and walked to him, dropping to her knees in front of him, and licked off the remaining cum from the head of his cock. She sat back on her butt, licking her lips and wiping her face.

He stood up, reaching down to help his wife stand. He put his arms around her, hugging her close, and whispered in her ear, "that was incredible honey, more than I ever could have imagined." He pulled away enough to look her in the eyes. "Are you ready for more? I have to see him inside you."

Tracy smiled; her face still covered with cum from two men, and saw Bill had moved over to stand next to Justin. She reached down, taking a cock in each hand, stroking gently. "As soon Bill is ready, I am".

To be continued....