 This story is like the rest of my stories in that I do not write them with much descriptive sex in them. I like to think that my style is more of describing the chase, than the actual catch. It is just a quirk I have. This story should have enough facts for you to use your imagination to fill it in though. 

I like the constructive criticism comments I get back from readers because I learn from them. The slash and burn comments will be deleted as soon as I see them because they are meaningless and a waste of time both yours and mine.

******

My wife, Angie and I were sitting in the lounge at the airport waiting for our flight to the Caribbean side of Mexico to be called. The flight was an early one. It was so early in the morning that it was still dark outside. The early departure was hard on the system, but we had done this a few times in the past and knew we could get a bit of sleep on the plane. It was a four-hour flight and by the time you landed you were rested enough to get settled in the room at the destination, then you could spend the afternoon getting oriented.

We took off for warmer climates every year about this time just to relax. The hot sun on a sandy beach was the biggest motivating factor to get away from the ice and snow in the area we lived in.

Another big bonus on these trips we also used the holiday to let our hair down and get some excitement in our lives. By letting our hair down, I mean, if we found some others that had the same idea about sex that we did and liked the idea of swapping partners, we'd go for it, just for the no strings fun times. I guess you could call us swingers, even though at home, we didn't live that lifestyle too much. We had been enjoying the lifestyle since early on in our relationship, mainly when we were away from home, thus avoiding the prying eyes of people we knew.

This year's trip was different than the normal. We had some friends coming on this trip with us. That happened because we were talking about our hopes of getting away one night over coffee at Bev and Dave's place. Bev thought it was a great way to get out from under the six inches of snow that had just been dumped on us, and decided Dave and she should join us. Dave reluctantly agreed to the idea, but we all could see he didn't really want to go. He was a big homebody, so he wasn't as enthused as Bev was about getting away for the holidays.

Bev was soon energetically planning along with Angie. The two of them hit the computer to find a deal and they booked everything online once they did find that perfect place. The hotel was an adult five-star resort, with an all inclusive package. In the Past Angie and I had stayed at a few places that were for families, and having kids around spoiled the relaxation, and the night life. Consequently, we wanted the adult setting.

I should explain that Bev and Angie had been friends since about grade four and that friendship continues to this day. Bev was Angie's bride's maid at our wedding where Bev met Dave. Dave was there as a guest of some cousin or other, and for whatever reason they started going out. I had always thought there was something weird about Dave, but if Angie's best friend was going out with him, I could be civil to him, even if I didn't like being around him.

After Bev and Dave got married, we soon found out Dave thought he was a man's man and the woman was supposed to do as the man says. Since they got married, he had turned into the conservative, "Don't change a thing guy" and hated any change in his routine. All he ever wanted to do was go to work, come home and sit in front of the TV with a beer. On his days off, the most work he did was hook up his camper, and the two of them went to a campground where the most he ever contributed on their time there was putting his beer cans in the waste can.

They went to this same campground every weekend and holiday of the year, be it summer or winter. Bev was tired of that, and was bored going to the same old place and seeing the same old things. Plus she was the one stuck with making meals and cleaning up all the time. In her words it was, "Just like at home except there wasn't as much hot water or other conveniences." That's why Bev was the one pressuring Dave into the holiday in a sunny locale, especially when she figured she wouldn't have to cook, or even make the bed.

I think the only reason Dave told Bev he would go on the holiday was to get Bev to quit bothering him about it. As the day of our trip got closer Bev naturally got more excited, but we should have known something would happen because Dave got progressively quieter about the plans and was grumbling loudly about not going to his favorite camping spot.

The big day was here and Angie and I were sitting in the departure lounge finishing our coffee and wondering where our friends were. They were almost out of time to be able to board the plane. I had just impatiently checked my watch again when I saw Bev angrily stomping down the concourse towards us. There was no sign of Dave, and Bev looked mad as hell about something. I said to Angie, "I think Bev is mad about something, I'm sure that's steam coming out of her ears."

Angie replied, "I can see that, I wonder where Dave is?"

Just then they announced our boarding, and when I asked Bev about Dave I got glared at and told in a pissed off voice, "Don't ask." As we made our way to the plane I did hear her tell Angie, "You won't believe what that asshole husband of hers tried to pull off. He can rot in hell as far as I am concerned." Believe me she didn't sound happy about things.

Once on the plane Bev and Angie sat in the seats behind me so they could talk. The original plans were for the four of us to have first class seats with Bev and Dave sitting in the row behind us. The change was OK for me because I now had a lot more room to stretch out in.

After takeoff Angie and I, along with most of the first class section heard the story of why Dave wasn't there. Apparently almost from the first day after the reservations were made he had been pressuring Bev to cancel the trip and to go camping for the two weeks instead. Bev was pissed off that he wanted to go camping in, I quote her here, "a fucking snowdrift for two weeks instead of enjoying the sun." I guess there was a hell of an argument over that.

A few days later she caught him on the phone trying to cancel the holiday and get a refund on the trip. Seeing as we made an almost last minute booking it was too late to cancel the reservations, so he was out of luck there. He then threatened to rip up their tickets and Bev wisely took the precaution of hiding her ticket. She even caught him looking for it. I guess things were pretty heated in their house the last while.

That morning she got up and Dave was still sleeping and didn't want to get out of bed. Bev was getting more upset and decided she was going with or without him. She got ready to leave but couldn't find her luggage that she had packed and put by the door the night before. Dave being half asleep, mumbled that the campground had their reservation, so she was going there with him after he got out of bed and she made his breakfast. She was fuming by then and went off in search of her luggage. When she did find it Dave had put it in their camper. She dragged it out to the front steps, got her ticket and called a cab. That took a bit of time so that was the reason Dave wasn't with her, and why she was almost late for boarding the plane.

I slept most of the flight, but I guess Bev kept ranting to Angie about her jack ass husband and his antics. By the time we landed, she had finally run out of complaints about Dave. We got off the plane in the tropical sun and heat, got our luggage, went through customs and boarded the bus that was taking us to the resort. By then she was happier than ever about the holiday. The warm sun, palm trees, and all the new sights had her on a high.

On the bus the two women did some planning to see if Bev could get a bit of a refund on the hotel rooms. They decided to try to change the sleeping arrangements that had been made. Instead of two rooms with king size beds they thought one room with two queens were a good idea. That way Bev wouldn't be by herself. I had absolutely no say in the matter and could see my plans of spending a lot of time connecting with Angie in bed were not going to happen, not to mention the other fun times we expected to have.

The girls got lucky and the hotel was busy and could use the extra room, so they readily agreed to the girl's plans. As an added bonus Bev was able to get most of her money back. Bev was happy because with the extra money she could do some serious shopping. Once settled, we changed into our warm weather clothes and walked about all afternoon checking out all the amenities of the place. The hotel was top of the line and the best part was the sun was shining brightly, and the beach and ocean were beckoning.

We had our supper and the food and service were excellent and then went to sit in one of the bars to chill out and relax. There were four guys sitting at the table beside us also enjoying the free drinks. I recognized them as also being on the same plane we had been on so we exchanged hellos and names and got to know each other. They were Abe, Brian, Chuck, and Dennis from a recruitment agency in our home town.

We found out they were on a two-week seminar in the hotel's conference room and would be flying home on the same plane as us. Their meetings were for four hours every morning from eight to twelve, then they had the rest of the day to do what they wanted. By the way they were acting it sure looked like on their down time they were determined to party. Inevitably the tables got pushed together to make the socializing easier. It seemed there was always one of them running to get some more of those free drinks for all of us. They were a fun group of guys and when we broke up for the evening we exchanged plans for the next day.

The next day was Sunday and a day for relaxation. So I put on my swimming suit and left to stake out a place on the beach, leaving the girls to don their outfits. It took a while before the girls joined me. Angie had on one of her string bikinis and Bev looked a bit uncomfortable in hers.

Angie informed me that Bev had only come with an old one-piece suit and had to be talked into wearing one of Angie's bikinis. I guess for a while it was a pretty heated debate. Angie's big argument was we were a million miles from home, no one we knew would see her, so she could stop being a bashful nun and enjoy some freedom, loosen up a bit, and forget Dave. Bev didn't want the bikini because then people would be looking at her, and she was uncomfortable showing so much skin. When they looked out the window from our sixth floor room that overlooked the pool all the girls out there had bikinis on, and there wasn't a one-piece suit to be seen. When Bev saw that she gave in to Angie and put on one of Angie's bikinis. 

I had always been proud to be seen with Angie on the beach, because she had the body that could wear those bikinis without being ashamed to be seen in it. I loved it when she showed off her assets in public and she knew it. As a result, she was a bit of an exhibitionist and was known to flash guys when she was feeling playful. After checking out Bev, I had to admit, she had hidden a pretty nice body under frumpy clothes all these years. In the bikini she looked almost as hot as Angie did.

The guys from the night before joined us after lunch and rounded up some more loungers to be by us. It didn't take long until everyone had consumed more than their share of drinks, and those four guys spent a lot of time flirting with the girls. For some reason there seemed to be no end to the offers to apply the sunscreen on them. Bev wasn't too sure about strangers touching her, but the drinks and merriment loosened her up and after being in the ocean a few times she did accept the offers from them to apply the sunscreen.

All the cares of the world were forgotten as we had fun with our new friends. There were more jokes and funny comments passed in those few hours than I had heard in years. I noticed there were a bunch of people sunning in the nude and suggested the girls do the same. Bev said no, but Angie took off her top to the enjoyment of all us guys. I noticed that as more time passed, the more fun we were having as the sexual innuendos seemed to be raised to the next level. Bev didn't participate at first but near the end of the afternoon she was right in there with the rest of us.

The next morning the three of us headed out to do some shopping. I found some dressy shirts, and the girls headed off by themselves to do their thing. We met back at the resort at lunchtime and after a quick snack hit the beach again. I could see Bev had spent some money on some string bikinis and she seemed to feel more comfortable about wearing them. When she took off her cover-up she flaunted her purchase and wanted my opinion on how she looked in that skimpy red thing. I told her without lying, she looked pretty hot.

The guys finished their morning session and arrived soon after to join us. Like the day before Angie was topless. The guys weren't bashful in the least, offering every couple of minutes to spread tanning oil on the girls. Once they were covered in lotion, no one stopped rubbing. With what seemed like a gallon of lotion being applied there wasn't a chance of them getting a sunburn.

I saw a hand move up between Angie's thighs and that elicited a moan from her. This only encouraged them to touch her more, and she wasn't stopping them. I was thinking to myself that it looked like the guys were getting Angie warmed up for me so I wouldn't have to work too hard for some fun between the sheets that night. The guys were nervously looking my way wondering if I might object, but when they got the nod from me they got bolder and their hands seemed to be wandering even more.

Bev finally was persuaded to take her top off too. I'm sure the only reason she took her top off was she noticed the attention Angie was getting and was jealous. I don't know why she was nervous about being topless, because she could match or top anyone that was on the beach with her boobs. She had firm C cups with those nice little button nipples the same as Angie had, and they were very pleasant to look at.

Once she was topless the guys treated her body the same way they were treating Angie and it didn't take long until I saw Bev was actually enjoying the same attention from the guys that Angie was receiving. That was something which at the start of this holiday I never expected to see from her.

I know the guys took more than a few liberties when we frolicked in the ocean, and at times it looked like a game of "you grope me and I'll grope right back". Afterwards on the beach they had to cover the girls in lotion again and the touching never stopped.

The girls were in good spirits and laughing as they fooled around. It seemed they were looking forward to the guy's advances. I know Angie was turned on just by the way she acted, and I was sure Bev was getting that way too.

We had supper with the guys and then a few more drinks. By the time Bev, Angie and I headed to our room the three of us were pretty blitzed. Angie and I jumped right in bed while Bev went into the bathroom to change.

By the time she came out of the bathroom Angie and I were enjoying each other's bodies and weren't going to stop just because she was there. Bev got into her bed and left us to our fun. When Angie decided to sit on my face for a good tongue licking Bev couldn't ignore us anymore. Angie always loved getting eaten out and her moans that night, let me know she loved the way my tongue worked her clit.

I was on my back and my cock was pointing at the ceiling. Bev couldn't help herself and watched us, and when she saw my cock she was soon masturbating. Angie saw her and said, "To bad Dave isn't here so you could have some fun. If you want, you can jump on Bill and use his cock. It's pretty good, and using it is better than fingers."

Bev didn't know what to think, but she was horny from the booze and all the touching and teasing from the guys that day, so she got up and stood beside our bed mesmerized watching us for a while.

Bev was staring at my cock with her hand in her pajama bottoms playing with her pussy when Angie again told her, "Hop on, he won't mind, Bill loves threesomes and if Dave wouldn't have been such an ass you wouldn't be in this position." Bev hesitated, but did get on the bed and Angie told her, "Come on you are obviously horny and want cock, and we are a million miles from home so use it. Get those pajamas off and have some fun."

I couldn't see because Angie's pussy was in my face, but I soon felt Bev straddle me and lower herself on my cock. I heard a moan from her and she started to pump her pussy up and down on my cock. "Oh Christ I've had too much to drink," Bev said. "What am I doing? OH DAMN that feels good." After she got into a good rhythm she said, "Fuck Dave, he didn't want to come and I'm so pissed at him I'm going to have fun, and if you don't mind, I just might want to use this cock some more before we head home."

"I don't mind in the least. This isn't a first for us and we enjoy the fun times." Angie then instructed Bev by saying, "He likes it when you grind your pussy back and forth on his cock and it feels pretty good doing it that way too. Try it." I must admit Bev took instructions well and it indeed felt quite good.

The two of them worked me over for a bit and I could hear Bev's breath quicken then I heard the unmistakable sound of a kiss. What a turn on. Hearing that made my cock involuntarily jump giving Bev a jolt. "Hope you didn't mind me kissing you?" Angie asked Bev.

Bev replied, "No I didn't mind and it was kind of exciting. I've never kissed another girl and it wasn't bad at all. Or maybe it's because I got a cock in my cunt and can't think straight."

I stopped licking Angie and worked my head out from under her and told Bev, "If you liked it, you should kiss her back." She hesitantly gave Angie a peck on the lips. "Jesus you can do better than that. Put some feeling into it," I told her

This time the kiss was as hot as they got, and I could see the two of them swapping tongues so I went back to eating Angie's pussy. From the sounds of the soft moans and kissing sounds I knew the two of them were getting right into their making out with each other which got me pumping my cock into Bev faster and my tongue working overtime on Angie. That action went on for a while, then the next thing I heard was Bev saying, "Pinch my nipples harder, that feels so good. How do you want me to touch you? Do you want it harder too?"

I knew Angie could get carried away like this because I had watched her a few times when we had some extracurricular fun, but Bev doing something like this was something I couldn't imagine her doing. The thought of them making out with each other was an instant turn on. I assaulted Angie's clit with my tongue as fast as I could and jammed my cock into Bev hard and fast. Bev came pretty fast and then Angie and I did. We caught our breath and I crawled out from under the two of them and I watched as they continued to softly kiss and caress each other.

"That was a fantastic turn on. I had the biggest orgasm of my life," Bev said. "I've never even thought about doing something like that. Dave would shit himself if he knew I made out with my best friend while fucking her husband."

I said, "I'm not going to tell him if you're not." Bev was going to say something else but was interrupted by Angie giving her a tongue swapping kiss which led the two of them to make love to each other as I watched. Tittie caressing, nipple pinching, pussy rubbing and fingering, along with some oral action on each other was hot as hell to watch.
