 Dear readers,

Thanks for all the comments and feedback! This is the last chapter of the Tommy story. I have other projects I'm working on and will post more stories soon. I love responding to e-mails so don't hesitate to send feedback and leave comments. I actively chat and send snaps to fans who enjoy my work and give me ideas or material. I'm open to writing stories based on real couples and scenario requests.

*********************

I was woken up this time not by Gianna, but both of my slaves. They were sharing my morning glory, sucking and licking it as if they were starving scavengers. I LOVED being woken up like this for the second time in a row. I felt the couple enjoyed servicing me together, as if they were bonding and strengthening their relationship trough me owning them. 

Me: Let's take this to the shower.

The three of us headed to the bathroom as I was focusing more on Tommy today. As we were under the shower I let Gianna suck me off as I pressed Tommy up against the wall and spanked him.

Me: You have been a naughty boy Tommy, I need to discipline you. Your tight virgin ass looks so good with my hand prints all over it.

Tommy tried to hide his enjoyment but his girlfriend always gives away how turned on he is. She laughed after each thud came out after I struck him.

Me: Thank me for spanking you. Your girlfriend likes to watch me play with another slut.

Tommy: Thank you, thank you so much.

I didn't cum. I had no intention of cumming from Gianna's blowjob. I was saving my load for the birthday gift I had prepared for Tommy.

Me: Ok dirty boy, you are clean now. Go downstairs and wait for us...we didn't forget that it's your birthday.

Tommy's eyes lit up thinking of all the possibilities me and his girl had in store for him. He quickly ran downstairs and waited for us as I gave his girlfriend instructions on what to do.

Me: Bring the camera and a bottle of lube. Don't stop filming no matter what happens and don't talk to Tommy unless I tell you to.

Gianna: What are you going to do?

Me: Give Tommy his birthday gift.

Gianna got the equipment and we both went downstairs as Tommy was waiting naked. I observer his small weak hairless body mentally preparing myself. I did not look at him as a man anymore. I convinced myself he is my sex toy and I will break him today. My dick started swelling as these thoughts fuelled my sex drive.

Tommy: What's going on? Baby why do you have the camera?

Me: Tommy close your eyes. Trust me for one moment.

Tommy obeyed but I could feel his fear which made my prey look so tasty. I then lubed my dick up and stroked it covering it from head to base making sure its nice and slippery. Tommy had his eyes closed and could not see what I was preparing for him.

When Gianna was in position and the camera started recording I began. I punched Tommy in the gut which made him collapse on the floor gasping for air. I swiftly grabbed the lube bottle and shoved the head up his ass and squeezed. I squeezed half the bottle inside his hole and pinned him down on the floor.

Tommy: What are you doing? NO PLEASE NO.

Me and Gianna did not talk, she was recording and I was focused on Tommy.

I took my stiff lube drenched hard on and pressed the head up Tommy's anus. I pushed in forcing the head inside, but his tight virgin ass did not let me in more than that on my first try.

Tommy was screaming in pain trying to get me off him but his weak physique had no chance against me. I just kept pushing my cock in his tight little hairless ass inch at a time in front of his cute girlfriend. 

Me: Your ass is so tight Tommy, its squeezing my dick. I can't wait until I go balls deep. You are going to have a real man with a huge cock make you his bitch.

Tommy: Please stop it hurts so much, It's too big I can't take it. 

Me: Loosen your ass up faggot! The sooner I go all the way the sooner you will start liking it. Let my cock fuck your ass wimp.

I was still on top of Tommy as he had his face pressed on the ground and 4'' of hard cock stuck up his petit ass.

Me: Do you like getting ass fucked hmm Tommy? Your girlfriend seems to enjoy watching you. Look at the way she is staring at your pathetic weak body as I turn you into a woman.

Gianna was completely silent just like I instructed her. She was focusing the camera lens on my cock digging a hole in Tommy's backyard.

Now that half of my size was inside of Tommy I picked him up and shoved him face fist into the wall pressing up against him from behind, inserting my strong dick in his dripping sore asshole trying to go deeper.

Me: Tell the camera who has the bigger and thicker cock slave.

Tommy looked at Gianna holding the camera focused on his pain painted face and repeated my instructions.

Me: Tell your girlfriend that your asshole is now my pussy.

Tommy: He made my asshole his pussy.

Me: Tell her that you are not a man.

Tommy: I'm not a man!

Me: Tell her you're a sissy!

I slapped Tommy's ass with full force that his ass cheek stuck to my hand for a second as I bucked my hips and managed to go another inch deeper inside.

Tommy: IM SO SORRY! IM A SISSY. AH FUCK ITS SO FAT IN MY ASS!

I pulled my dick out of his punished asshole as lube and ass juice flowed down on his skinny legs. I spread his ass cheeks apart witch my fingers opening his hole for the camera to see.

Gianna: Oh my God! YOU GAPED HIM! 

Gianna could not hold her fascination of how I was dominating her weak man.

Me: I'm just getting started with this cheap whore.

I spat inside Tommy's asshole and violently shoved my cock inside his abused hole being now 7" in. I was almost all the way inside of him.

Me: Let me in Tommy. Let the entirety of my cock fill you. You will become a complete anal toy for me then. I will fuck you whenever I want. I'm going to assault your tight ass every day at work. I'm going to fuck you on my desk. I'll make you suck me off in the bathroom. You will swallow all my cum after I have used you.

I felt a change in Tommy's body. After the huge amount of pain and strain on his body he stopped his futile resistance and I felt his body get relaxed. His asshole was still tight but became much warmer and softer. I could now slide my cock in and out much easier.

Me: Look at that! Looks like somebody is starting to like this. Gianna I think you are getting some competition.

I walked Tommy with my cock in his anus in front of a large mirror and started having some fun for the camera.

Me: Look at yourself Tommy. You love being fucked by a real man in front of your bitch. You love me turning your asshole into a pussy. Your pussy is tighter than Gianna's.

Tommy was staring at his own light blue eyes in the reflection as I put my hands on his shoulders and butt fucked him.

Me: Gianna are you jealous? I see you like watching me and my new slut.

Gianna: This is so hot. Your strong body and thick cock spreading his ass makes me so wet.

Me: Come get a close up. Let him watch us in the mirror.

Gianna snuggled up to me camera in hand as we started to make out. I put my arms around Tommy's neck and slowly fucked him gently as he watched me kiss his girlfriend.

Tommy: Your cock is so deep inside me, It's so thick!

Tommy was starting to like the loss of his anal virginity and his small dick was erect from the pounding I was giving him.

Me: Film this babe.

I pushed Gianna to the side and spun Tommy facing her as I put him in a rear naked choke and pumped my hard cock in and out of his elastic ass.

Me: Who has the bigger cock Tommy?

Tommy: You do! Your cock is so much bigger and better than mine.

Me: Do you like me fucking your tight asshole in front of your beautiful girl? Transforming you into my slutty jerk off hole.

Tommy: Thank you for giving me your cock!

I lifted Tommy up and spread his legs with ease, he was so light and tender, perfect for my hungry cock. I was stroking my length in his hole as my balls slapped his when I reached his deepest point. His small wiener was spinning around while I was manhandling and fucking him like a ragdoll.

Gianna: Haha, his balls look like they are smashing yours when he's slamming you. His balls are so much bigger than yours babe. His cum is much stronger and thicker than yours.

Me: Oh fuck! Your ass is gonna make me cum. I'm gonna cum inside of that virgin asshole Tommy. I'm gonna ruin you on camera!

Tommy: NO! Please not in my ass! Please not in front of her! I can't have an anal creampie on camera.

I did not give any attention to Tommy's pleas as I rammed my penis deep inside him and pushed his body on me as I shot my huge load all the way inside him.

Me: Happy birthday gay-boy!

I pulled my filth covered cock out of Tommy's gaping asshole as my heavy cum globs dripped out slowly falling on the floor. I dropped Tommy on the ground on all fours and stepped on his neck forcing him onto my protein juice on the floor.

Me: Gianna feed him his juices.

Gianna used her right foot to scoop up my sticky cum off the floor with her toes and brought it to Tommy's mouth.

Me: Eat up birthday boy! Taste your ass and my semen.

Tommy had no choice and put Gianna's toes in his mouth and sucked on them for dear life. He knew they had to be clean once he was done.

Gianna: He's sucking them so hard. Baby how do you like the taste our bull feeds you?

Tommy pulled back leaving Gianna's toes spotless as he swallowed.

Tommy: It tastes so dirty. He fucked me so deep. I felt like my guts were being pushed around inside me.

Gianna: Baby don't forget your manners. Thank our guest, thank his cock.

Gianna did a close up with the camera on my flaccid penis as Tommy got his face next to it.

Tommy: Thank you!

Me: Thank you for what? Tell me slut. What are you thankful for?

Tommy: Thank you for fucking my tight little ass in front of Gianna with your gigantic cock. Thank you for feeding me your tasty creamy cum from my ass.

Gianna closed the camera as the hot scene was complete. But that was just the beginning. I put my arm around her as we walked to the couch and Tommy followed us crawling of the floor.

I sat on the couch with Gianna next to me spreading her legs revealing her pink pussy wet and eager for me to fill. Tommy crawled between her open legs and started to lick her cunt like a starving dog getting her ready for me. I was feasting on her perky tits biting and chewing on them which made her so horny.

Me: Now that your boyfriend's ass is my new pussy I think we need another hole to satisfy me. Gianna have you ever had anal?

Gianna: No...I...we never thought of it.

Me: Tommy you have never been inside of her sweet little ass? 

Tommy: Well we never tried...her vagina always made me cum so fast I never...I don't think I'm capable of fucking her in the ass.

Me: Well since I just butt fucked you don't you think your girlfriend should get the same courtesy? I think she would enjoy it more.

I placed my middle finger on Gianna's clit and started flicking it gently, not to make her cum, but just enough to excite her.

Me: How about it girl? Want me to open your ass in front of your beta gay boyfriend? Make him watch a real man fuck a whore in the ass?

Gianna was very aroused as she kissed me deeply trying to stop me from talking and further humiliating her broken boyfriend. I pulled back and gave a slap across the jaw knowing I have my pets right where I want them. 

Me: Answer me whore! Do you want me to fuck your ass in front of your small dick boyfriend?

Gianna: Yes...please! Fuck me like he can't.

I looked at Tommy smiling as his eyes trembled knowing there was no going back.

Me: It's decided! I'm going to give her the same raw birthday ass fucking I just gave you. But first my cock needs to be clean. I want every single trace of your dirty asshole gone from my rod. I want to conquer Gianna's ass with a clean hard cock.

I spread my legs and pulled Tommy in front of my dormant member as I got the camera and started recording.

Me: Clean it from top to bottom, I want it spit shined. Look at the camera, I want those pretty blue eyes tearing up as you gag on my cock.

Tommy being the good obedient cucky boy he is followed my instructions as he used the moment of my dick being limp swallowing as much as he could covering all the canvas he mustered with his tongue. His gaze was focused on his sexy girlfriend kissing my neck showering me with compliments.

Gianna: I love the way you control him. Your cock is SO much bigger and thicker. You fuck like a god. I have never been fucked so good.

My dick was growing in size rapidly, awaiting its next anal virgin. Tommy used both hands to stroke it while licking the balls.

Me: I'm ready. I want you two to work together as a couple and swallow my cock with your ass. Help her ease in my size. Tommy use your mouth as a lube dispenser. 

Gianna grabbed my cock and sat on it in reverse cow-girl, thanks to Tommy's saliva she was able to fit the head in but not much else.

Gianna: Ah fuck! It's so big.

Me: Deeper whore! I still need to make your boyfriend jerk his small dick while I make you scream.

Tommy spat on my shaft and held Gianna's ass spreading it open helping her take in more of my girth.

Me: God damn you're a tight little fuck bunny. I'm gonna tear you apart!

A third of me was now inside Gianna as a very small red string of blood came out of her anus. It turned me on so much watching her ass being torn to pieces by my large cock. I pulled out and filmed her gaping crimson asshole as Tommy did not hesitate to suck the head of my erection.

Me: Looks like I need to step in. Take the camera and follow me sub.

I handed the camera over to Tommy and dragged Gianna to the mirror as I was poised to go balls deep with no mercy.

Gianna: Please be gentle...

I laughed for second before giving her a hard slap on the ass and grabbed her hips thrusting with full force inside her. I managed to fit half my cock in her super tight ass as she let a loud scream of pain. I just kept pumping and fucking knowing eventually I would reach all the way inside. 

Gianna: AH! NO IT HURTS! It's so huge, I can feel my ass breaking. My ring is tearing apart.

Me: Don't worry whore, the blood coming out will be used as lube. I'm not stopping even if you beg me to.

Gianna started screaming and crying from pain, watching her reflection being shoved back and forth from my powerful strokes ravaging her virgin ass.

Me: Your boyfriend likes filming you get fucked by a real man. Look at him playing with small pee-pee.

I grabbed Gianna and lifted her up by the thighs spreading her dripping wet pussy and cock stuck ass in front of Tommy as he was jerking off to his girls anal sacrifice.

Me: Watch her ass bleed from my oversized manhood wimp. I can fuck you and your girl in the ass and there is nothing you can do about it.

I now lowered Gianna's beat up ass on my cock all the way inside and let it rest there as my balls had small strings of blood flowing on them.

Me: Tommy look her in the eyes and tell her you love her.

Tommy looked at Gianna's red face as she had been crying in pain this entire time holding on to me as I raped her. Her body was shaking as I grinded my cock inside her.

Tommy: I love you so much baby. This is the best birthday ever.

Me: Let's DP her Tommy, you need to get some action too. Fuck her pussy while I slowly tease her ass.

Tommy loved the idea and quickly stuck his small excuse for a dick inside Gianna and started humping while I stayed still and held back my laughter.

Me: Can you feel him at all?

Gianna: No...Baby I'm sorry I can't feel a thing.

Me: I think my huge cock stretched her out so much she can't feel your small size Tommy.

Tommy was so humiliated and hurt he instantly came after only a few strokes.

Me: Hahahaha, from now on only I can satisfy her. You're not man enough to please a cock thirsty whore like Gianna. Now clean your mess faggot.

Tommy submissively went to his knees and licked his own cum out of Gianna as I started to inflict pain on her ass again. I pulled my cock back with just the head left inside and then swung with full force back in so my balls would slap Tommy's chin, that way I was fucking Gianna and Tommy both at once.

Me: Your boyfriend is so pathetic, he can never please a small whore like you. He's a slut that needs a master with a large cock.

Gianna: You are so dominant, do what you wish with us. I have never been fucked like this. It hurts so much and feels so good at the same time.

Me: If you broke up with little Tommy here would you come to me? Would you still want me to fuck you like a piece of a meat? Like the cheap whore that you are?

Gianna: I love Tommy so very much, but I can't live without your cock in all of my holes.

Me: Fuck! You dirty sluts are going to make me cum again, your ass is squeezing me so tight.

Gianna: Cum for us! We want your tasty cum. Feed us!

I bucked my hips and started shaking as my balls squirted out every single last drop in then. I felt my sack being completely drained. I shot everything I had into my new anal jerk off hole.

I let my dick deflate and fall out of Gianna as I lifted her up and tilted her asshole in front of Tommy.

Me: Drink.

Tommy immediately stuck his tongue in Gianna's gaping bloodied hole and sucked out all the blood, juice, spit and semen inside her. Eagerly lapping up all the aroma and swallowing it.

Me: One last thing...both of you clean my cock together. Your whore girlfriend has an even dirtier ass than you do slut.

I took the camera and pointed it at the couple as they shared multiple kisses on my spent flesh. They licked and sucked the balls clean as they were shrivelled and slightly smaller than usual due to their high performance these last few days.

Me: Happy birthday love birds. I need to get going. See you Tomorrow at work Tommy.

Gianna and Tommy smiled and thanked me with a kiss on my dick head as they resumed kissing, passing my seed and their juices in each others mouths. 

Me and the couple maintained this relationship, I even took it a step further and started fucking Tommy in my office and sometimes in the bathrooms. He gave me at least one blowjob per day and I would video call his girl and film his felatio as she played with herself watching. In the weekends I would regularly visit and fuck them both switching between ALL their holes making them cum uncontrollably. 

The end.