 Luke's cousin had a med-school friend who was coming to town for a short residency at his local hospital. His cousin swore that Tara was a super cool girl, but a little shy and in need of a few friends while she stayed. Mia and Luke exchanged a few emails with her and she seemed really lovely, so they offered her their spare bedroom for the first week while she looked for a place to stay. When she arrived, they were both a little taken back by how beautiful she was. She wasn't very tall, but she had black curly hair that fell down to her hips. She was wearing a heavy sweater, but it was easy to see she's had complimentary curves above and below. After they showed her to her room and left her to get settled, Mia shot Luke a look with wide eyes and they both laughed. "Yowza," said Mia.

The first days passed and they didn't see much of Tara because of her busy schedule, but she was the perfect house guest. At the end of her first week, she made them dinner and they spent the evening drinking wine, eating, and telling stories. Tara was still very shy and only really answered direct questions. She laughed easily, however, and was completely engaged with the conversation. Her dark eyes were entrancing and Mia sometimes found herself losing concentration while talking.

In bed that night, Mia told Luke how much she liked Tara, how much she reminded her of someone, how at ease she made her feel. Luke agreed and Mia said that he only wanted to get in her pants. 

"It would be nice," Luke said.

"It would be," Mia agreed.

They laughed and kissed before making love quietly, fearing Tara might hear from the next room. Inevitably, Mia became too loud and they were sure Tara had heard them in the end. Luke suspected Mia had done it on purpose, but Mia didn't seem to care. Tara had a funny smile on her face the following morning and was suddenly a bit more chatty. She joined them with their friends during the weekend and everyone agreed that she was very sweet.

Luke and Mia both worked on Monday, but Luke arrived home early. He was feeling pretty horny, thinking of Tara, thinking of Mia, thinking of Mia and Tara. He turned on his computer and did a quick sweep of the house to make sure Tara wasn't home. The door to her room was open slightly so he peeked inside quickly. The room was a mess, but it smelled wonderful, like the ocean, and her comforter was all bunched in piles on the bed.

He returned to his office and surfed his favourite porn sites for a while until he found some things he liked. He found a video of a beautiful topless girl on her knees giving a handjob. The girl could barely fit her hand around it as she rubbed in lube and stroked it slowly, expertly. When another man stepped into the frame, she worked him too, taking turns as the men fondled her perfect breasts. Luke freed himself from his pants and began stroking himself. The woman in the video was too hot to be a real porn star and handjobs were as far as she would go, making the whole scene even better. Luke stroked faster as the first man reached climax. The girl jerked him onto herself and sprayed his cum onto her beautiful tits. Looking down at her chest, she laughed coyly, but then realized she wasn't done and grabbed the waiting cock beside her. 

Luke was getting ready to finish when he heard a small sigh behind him. He turned to see Tara partly hiding behind the doorway watching him. She was wearing a tight t-shirt with no bra and he could see her nipples poking through. He was so embarrassed that his erection died a bit and he tried to jam himself back into his underwear. The video continued in the background as the second man came and Tara simply stood there staring at Luke. He could see her hand moving inside her pants. 

"Don't stop," she said. "I want to see you finish." 

Her eyes were half closed and he realized she was close to orgasm herself.

Luke felt a guilt come over him and hesitated.

"Please," she said, her brow furrowed. 

Her other hand grabbed at her shirt and squeezed. 

"Please. Just finish."

Luke pulled his cock back out and started stroking himself again. He felt his erection return, but he was worried and felt like he was cheating on Mia.

"Finish," she said. "I want to see you cum."

She pulled her shirt up a bit so Luke could see her tits, her hand gripping them. Her pants had moved down and he could see her fingers running through her lips frantically. Watching her, his dick got harder and harder until he could think of nothing but what he was seeing. Her breasts jiggled and swayed as she played and it was too much for him. He stroked faster until he came everywhere, so intensely his whole body shook. She moaned and sighed, watching his cum drip from the tip. 

"Oh," she said. "Touch me." 

She came closer and took his hand and put it against her. 

"Rub me," she said. 

She touched Luke's softening cock and ran her hands around his balls. He found her clit and circled it. "Harder," she said. "Faster." 

As she came, he felt her quiver and she pressed his head between her half-exposed tits. She looked down at him with her big dark eyes and said, "I need more." 

Tara pulled off his shirt and led him to his bedroom. She stripped down his pants and closed the bedroom door slightly behind them. She fell back on the bed to fully remove her pants. On her back with her legs open wide, she reached down between them with both hands, her breasts pushed together into two big mounds. She propped herself up on her elbows and grabbed Luke's cock, pulling him closer. He was hard again and she stroked the wet head. 

"Fuck me," she said, breathlessly. "Please fuck me hard."

Mia arrived home a little earlier than usual and came in through the basement with her bicycle. She came up into the kitchen and heard nothing at first. She thought the house was empty and took off her gear. Then she heard a strange noise and headed slowly up the stairs. The bedroom door was slightly ajar and so she didn't hear them right away and they didn't hear her. Mia heard Tara's moans and moved slowly towards the door. She pushed it open enough to see in and found Tara lying on her back on the edge of the bed, her legs spread wide as Luke stood there fucking her.

"Harder," she whispered. 

Mia didn't know what to think, but she was immediately turned on and realized that this was probably intentional, that she was supposed to find them. Luke and Tara still hadn't noticed her, so Mia stood and watched her moaning as he pumped her. Mia's hand found its way into her pants and she felt how wet she was.

"Lick my pussy," said Tara. "Lick my clit hard."

Luke fucked her more slowly.

"Lick me, please, now." 

Luke pulled out and Mia watched him kneel down to Tara's pussy waiting on the edge of the bed. Mia was rubbing herself furiously now, trying to stay hidden but watching closely. Tara put her feet on Luke's shoulders like stirrups and held his head hard on her pussy, grabbing his hair in handfuls. Mia saw her back arching, her tits shaking as his face was deep between her legs. Tara came intensely with a huge exhale and Mia could see her wetness all over Luke's face as he stood up. This was too much for Mia and she felt herself climax, her heavy moan escaping unwillingly.

Luke turned and there was an awkward moment that was quickly broken by Mia's smile and a laughter that spread through all of them.

"Don't stop on my account," said Mia, stepping into the room. 

Luke's cock was rock hard, so he slid it back into Tara's pussy as Mia took off her clothes. Luke moved slowly as Mia crawled onto the bed beside her. She moaned hard when Mia take her tits in her hands and sucked on her hard nipples. Mia kissed her hard on the mouth before facing Luke and raising her legs to straddle her. Tara took Mia's hips in her hands and brought her pussy down to her tongue. Mia sat up and looked at Luke with a smile, her eyes closing as she felt Tara's mouth on her clit. When Mia opened them, she saw Luke holding Tara's spread legs, sliding his big cock back and forth into her. Mia could see his ass in the mirror behind him, tightening with each thrust. Mia held Tara's tits in her hands and concentrated on her tongue, her thick black hair splayed on the bed beneath her. Tara's moans reverberated through Mia's body and she felt her orgasm coming.

"I'm going to cum," Mia said, watching Luke thrust harder. 

Tara's moans got louder and Mia's orgasm grew until she felt it well up and push its way through her whole body. Seeing Mia cum on Tara's face, Luke pulled his cock out and stroked his cum out all over Tara's body, her tits, and onto Mia's quivering stomach.

Mia climbed off and Tara sat up laughing, Mia's wetness on her face, Luke's cum covering her body. 

"Well," she said. "That's a first." 

Mia and Luke helped Tara into the shower then met again on the bed with a kiss.

"I had a feeling this was going to happen," said Mia.

Luke told the story and she laughed. 

"Well," she said. "That's embarrassing, but obviously she didn't think so. Lucky for you, isn't it?"

Luke sat back and folded his arms behind his head with a smile. "Good things happen so sexy people," he said.

Mia rolled her eyes, but quickly turned her attention to the sound of the bathroom door opening and footsteps coming down the hall.