 In the first episode, there was a party of young friends at Kimmie's house. She asked her ex-boyfriend, a sports jock, to go upstairs and talk with her divorced mother, Ann about her possibly dating Matt's, divorced dad. Ann had taken a medical marijuana pill that made her horny and one thing led to another and Matt experienced great MILF sex and she, great young stud sex. Do read the first episode. It's a good erotic tale.

In this episode, Matt goes back down to the party and hooks up with his ex-girlfriend.

Matt

Ann says, "You better get back downstairs. They must be wondering what happened to you." 

I get dressed and head back down in a bit of a daze. When I get down to the rec room, I see Kimmie coming towards me. Most of the lights are off and folks are dancing, and some are making out on the sofas in the semi-darkness, your normal party.

She says over the music, "You were quite a while. Does my mom want to meet your dad for a date?"

"Yes, she liked the idea. She sounded like she wants to get out and hook up with a man."

Kimmie

Matt is such a hunk. He took my virginity last year and we went out for a few months. I had to break up with him when he fucked my BFF, Mandy. It was an insult. I've had sex with two other guys since then but they were nothing compared to the mind-blowing sex we used to have. Matt was always so in control, so much a real man. The other boys were shy like me. The sex was never the same. 

Tonight, I've been smoking grass and have had a couple of beers. It's been a real turn-on watching these couples making out. My period is due next week, and I always get so horny around this time of my cycle. Matt looks so sexy. I'm sure I'm blushing for thinking all these lusty thoughts. Thank goodness the lights are low or he'd see it. 

Matt

Isn't Kimmie acting all sweet and nice standing there with her hands joined behind her back and thrusting her chest with those sweet, little titties at me. When we were going out, she used to act all submissive and cute like this when she wanted to fuck. I'm thirsty after fucking her mom. 

"Kimmie, can you get me a beer?"

"Sure, Matt. Whatever you want."

Hmmm. I wonder what that means? I love the way her tight little ass grinds in those short-shorts as she walks away to get the brew. I love it when you see some bare ass below the denim of a girl's shorts. Kimmie is a great gal and a super fuck. I really blew it when I fucked around on her. I just can't stop trying new pussy. 

I see most of the folks have left but the ones still here are coupled up and making out like crazy. Those two dancing slow over there are groping each other like nobody else is here. They should get a room. I'll have a beer and leave. Sex with Kimmie's mom was great and I have a rugby game tomorrow.

Here comes Kimmie. What a sweetie. She looks a lot like her mom but is more petite, slimmer hips and smaller boobs. She has that shine of innocence where her mother has an air of experience. Her hair is short like the girls wear it nowadays. She's really put together very nice. Those denim shorts are so tight that you can see a distinct camel-toe notch in her crotch. Women like to see a big package at a guy's crotch. It turns me on to see a deep, denim hugging crotch. 

"Here's your beer. Do you want to do a joint?"

"No thanks. I've got to drive. Where's your boyfriend? I thought you had one." 

"No, that ended a month ago. How about you?" 

"I'm not dating anyone seriously. University starts in a couple of months and it's not good to start anything serious."

"I hear you."

"I'm just going to finish this beer and leave. Thanks for inviting me. I really feel badly about what happened between us. I was stupid."

"Forget it. Shit happens. No stay and keep me company. These other guys are busy making out." 

Kimmie

Matt is so tall. His body was strong when we went out, but he looks like he's put on a lot more muscle in the last year. I can't help looking down at his package. His penis is magnificent. I didn't realize it until I'd been with two other boys who were just normal. Live and learn.

I give him a big hug. His body is so hard and manly. Wow, sexy memories are flashing back.

"Please stay. Pretty please."

"Sure Kimmie. I just thought you might be pissed at me."

"No way. That's ancient history. Come over here and sit with me."

The sofa is a long one with a couple kissing and groping at one end. Matt sits at the other end so the horny couple is behind me. I'm shy around couples getting it on. I can hear their grunts and moaning as they make out as if we're not here. They're both high. 

Matt

I must have been upstairs a long time. The party has really slowed down. There's a couple dancing to slow sexy music and the horny couple at the other end of the sofa. Looks like I'm the only sober person here. Kimmie is kind of blasted and the others are in their own worlds. 

Kimmie is so pretty. She is always bright and cheery. What a sweet girl. I love that silky blouse she's wearing. She's unbuttoned it quite a bit, the little tart. Her push-up bra makes her titties look like they're overflowing. She has such great tits, just a handful each. Fuck Matt, you always have sex on the brain. You should ease up on the steroids. They make you horny all the time. 

The couple behind Kimmie are really getting into it. He has his hand inside her shorts and she's stroking the crotch of his jeans. 

Hell, even in the semi-darkness I see it's Jason. He's built strong, broad-shouldered and tall. He's my rugby team's center, the big, strong base of the scrum. His hair is cut very short in a military cut, but it's blazing blonde colour gives away his Nordic ancestry. He's handsome in very masculine way that the girls love. He was the only guy in our school that was hornier and fucked more girls than me. We had a few four-way group sessions that were memorable. 

Angie is the typical girl Jason loves to date, gorgeous, athletic, muscular and often tall. I recognize her as a star center on the girl's basketball team, over six feet tall. She has dark hair with a short boyish cut. His preference for big, strong girls is why we never dated the same ones. I like petite, feminine girls like Kimmie. His type seems too masculine. Well, each to their own. 

Kimmie says, "You and my mom must have had a good chat." She's sitting cross-legged facing me on the sofa. The material in the crotch of her shorts are stretched tight revealing the outline of her pussy lips. Fuck, I remember how sweet her pussy tasted. Her question rolls around in my sex fogged brain as I my eyes eat up her sexy body. My mind flashes a picture of her mother shouting 'Do me" as I drilled her hot pussy.

I smile and say, "Yes, you can say that. She's amazing."

Jason looks over and recognizes me. His date has her back to me. He gives me a big evil wink and grabs her ass. 

He says loud enough for us to hear, "Oh Angie, I love the feel of your ass." He breaks out into a bog shit-ass grin.

Kimmie

Holy shit, what are those guys doing behind me? That Angie is such a slut, beautiful, but a slut. All this heavy groping in the room is a turn on. The grass and beer are revving my engine. I haven't had sex in a month. I'm so glad Matt's here. I've felt so alone all night. The way his eyes are drilled into my crotch, is so erotic. I hope he sees how I'm checking out his package. I broke up with my boyfriend three weeks ago. I've run the batteries down on my vibrator. It makes me jealous to see all these couples being together. 

Matt's eyes are now looking over me at the couple behind with a horny look on his face. I remember that look before we made love. God, it he so handsome and the sex was mind-blowing. He was my first and by far the best. What harm would it do if we hooked up tonight? Can we be friends with benefits? That would be so good.

I slide over to him and say, "Matt, I'm freezing. Snuggle me and warm me up."

"Of course, babe. Come on in."

I press my chest to his and he wraps his strong arms around me. It makes me feel so feminine and safe being held by this strong guy.

Matt

Holy shit, that's a surprise. She's holding me tight with her luscious tits pressed up against my chest. My face is in her hair and it smells so girlish. She is tiny but so well built. My hands instinctively cup her butt-cheeks like when we were dating. She has such a tiny, sweet butt. My mind flashes to the feel of her mother's womanly ass and my cock splitting her hairy beaver. The thought gives me an instant woody. 

I look over at Jason and his babe. She's on his lap facing me and he's unbuttoning her blouse. His hand is cupping her braless, full breast and she's looking me straight in the eye with a proud horny look on her face with not an ounce of shame. Fuck, exhibitionist Jason has found his match. What a horny sight.

I cup Kimmie's sweet butt. It's just a normal reflex like what we used to do when we were going out. She hugs my chest tighter as a signal this is all okay. Not to be undone by Jason, I whisper just loud enough for the others to hear, "Your ass feels as good as I remember it." I massage it deep with both hands in the naked fleshy part below her shorts. Kimmie gives a little whimpering sigh and hugs me even closer. Holy fuck, she's into this. 

She whispers, "I remember your hands on my bum. It was so good."

That seals it. She's into this. 

I look over and see the couple that was dancing leave. It's just the four of us on the sofa now.

Kimmie

Jeez, I've never been in a room where another couple is getting it on. It's embarrassing but very erotic. Matts hands on my bum feel so good. It might be fun to make out for a while. Then Matt and I can go up to my room and make love. Mom lets me have boys over since I turned eighteen.

I kiss Matt's rock-hard chest through his t-shirt. Not to be outdone by the girl on the other end of the sofa, I unbutton my blouse and pull his hand to my bra-covered breast. My back is to the others. They can't see me acting slutty. I kiss his neck in complete submission as he kneads my breasts through my bra. That's so yummy. Wow, my pussy is on fire. He rolls my blouse down off my shoulders and off. I blush when I realize the boy behind me will see more of my body. Oh, sweet Mary, being with Matt is so incredible. I feel safe and desired. I just want to do what pleases him. 

His hands go to the clasp of my bra on the back. He hesitates, "This okay, Kimmie?"

"Why don't we go up to my room Matt? I've missed you so much."

"Sure, but let's play here for a bit and then go up."

I say breathlessly, "Whatever you want, Matt."

I feel the bra loosen and drop away. It's my turn to push his t-shirt over his head and off. I need to be skin-on-skin and press my naked chest to his. 

Matt

Jason gave me a good look at his naked woman. I'll do the same. I lift Kimmie onto my lap facing him. He breaks into a big grin when her tits come into view. Kimmie covers herself shyly with her arm when she sees him ogling her. I pull her arm down.

"Don't be shy sexy girl. Be proud of your beautiful breasts." She looks down timidly but bravely drops her arm and lifts her chest to better display her assets. That's good. I cup her firm, perky breast.

Jason gives a big thumbs up and shouts over, "What a great set of tits, Kimmie. Very nice." His girl giggles brazenly.

Kimmie looks up at me with a look that begs me to indicate if all is good. 

"He's right, you have great tits. That's Jason. He's a buddy that's on my rugby team. He's a good guy."

Kimmie

Guys are all so juvenile. Holy shit, that bitch is unzipping Jason's jeans. He's got a big shit-ass grin on his face as she pulls his semi-hard penis into plain view. Holy shit.

I lean into Matt's ear and whisper in a panicky voice, "Please Matt, let's go up to my room." I want sex but in private. 

He says firmly, "I'll say when we go upstairs."

Like always, he is in control. I want to please him. It's would be so great if we could be friends with benefits. He's so amazing.

"Sure, Matt. Whatever you say." I know where this is going. Matt tried to get me to have sex in groups with his teammates and their girlfriends, but I wouldn't do it. That was a long time ago and I've had a lot more experience since then. Not that I've done any group things but then again, I know Matt and I will never be a couple again. What the hell. I'm feeling horny and adventuresome. My future boyfriends or husband won't know about this.

Matt

So, the little tart says, 'Whatever I want.' Wow, that tells me the menu is open. Holy fuck, Kimmie is a new kind of girl. 

I say firmly, "Hey baby, why don't you stand up and take off those sexy shorts."

She hesitates, then gives me a kiss on the cheek, stands and wiggles out of her tight shorts. As I suspected, she has no panties on. What a sweet tight body she has with a girlie little bum. And there is that clean shaven pussy.

I look over at Jason and he's staring at Kimmie's pussy and his dick is getting hard. Can't blame him. 

I need a beer. "Kimmie, get me another beer and ask Jason and his girlfriend if they want one."

Ha, big blush crosses her face as she steps over and looks down at Jason and his hard dick.

"Do you guys want a beer?"

Jason says, "Great idea and get one for Angie too." 

Kimmie's ass looks even better nude this time as she walks away. It's incredible that I'll be doing a mother-daughter fuck-fest tonight. It's great to be me.

Jason says, "Didn't you and her go out for a while?"

"Yes, we were a unit. But that was a while ago." 

"She's really cute. I'd love to get some of that. Would you mind? Angie loves variety too and is very sexy. Aren't you sweet-cheeks?" She breaks into a big smile and nods yes. 

"Sure, if Kimmie's okay with it, no problem."

I stand up and take off my jeans, underwear and socks, then sit back down. Jason moves over close to me with Angie on his lap. Angie has a nice Double D set of tits. They are big and very perky. There is just enough room for Kimmie to sit between us when she gets back. 

She says with a sly grin, "Do you like my tits?" I smile and nod yes. She continues, "You can play with them if you want." 

Kimmie coming back with the beers interrupts Angie's offer. The beers are handed out and Kimmie sits in the tight space between me and the other couple.

Kimmie

Goodness, there isn't much room to sit here. Jason's knees are against my bare thighs and Angie is so close on his lap that I can smell her cheap perfume. Matt has his arm over my shoulder and is drinking his beer with his other hand. My body is turned towards the other couple with Matt behind me. Jason is brazenly staring at my breasts with a horny look in his eyes. I keep both hands shielding my crotch. He's a good-looking athletic dude that I've seen around the school, one of the in crowd. These folks seem so at ease with sitting totally nude and drinking beer. I feel like such a prude getting all up tight. 

Jason starts the conversation. "I remember when you and Matt were going out. We never got to meet but I thought he was a lucky guy to hook up with a sexy girl like you." He cups Angie's breast and kisses her shoulder tenderly.

I blush at his compliment and his sexual action. "Thanks Jason." 

He says to her, "Angie, you're a bit heavy on my lap. Do you mind sitting down there on the floor beside the sofa?"

She says, "No sweetie, it's all good." She moves to the floor and rests her head on his knee. He strokes her hair. His semi-erect penis is now in full view. It is long and thick laying on his thigh. His ball-sack is clean shaven like Matt's.

Matt's arm is over my shoulder and now he reaches that hand down and cups my breast. It strikes me as so naughty to be doing that with Jason and Angie so close. But I can't help that my body reacts as my nipples harden and sensuous animal pleasures swirl in my chest. The grass and beers are making my sense of pleasure so strong. I close my eyes and drink in the exquisite feeling. 

My reverie is broken when Jason moans, "Yes, just like that."

I open my eyes and see Josie slowly stroking her man's semi-hard manhood. It's not as imposing as Matt's but larger than any of the boys I've been with. Not to be outdone, Matt takes my hand and pulls it behind me to his penis. I grip the staff and pull the loose skin slowly up and down like I know Matt loves it. Matt is behind me and I know his eyes are drilled into Angie's sexy body. She is looking up and into his eyes with a horny look on her face.

Jason blurts out brazenly to me as I stroke Matt's manhood, "Kimmie it looks like you know your way around a dick, you naughty girl." 

Matt speaks up, "She sure knows my cock. Don't you sweetheart?" I nod squeamishly.

Jason shoots back, "Angie is just learning about mine."

She looks up at Jason, smiles and rises on her knees to kiss the head of his penis. She says, "Yes, and I've loved every lesson." She gobbles the head of his cock into her mouth and it instantly becomes stiffly erect. Everyone's eyes are locked onto the erotic sight. 

I feel Jason's hand on my thigh and a shot of adrenaline hits me. Matt must see this and he's doing nothing. I don't want to be a prude. Sweet Mary, is this really happening. I'll just go with the flow. I really, really want to be Matt's friend with benefits.

Jason say over my shoulder to Matt, "Angie gives such great head. Do you want her to suck your dick?

Matt says, "Holy shit, of course." 

Oh my god. My mind is in a frenzy. I'm still holding the staff of Matt's manhood as she walks over on her knees. I withdraw my hand as she smiles up before licking his penis from the base to the tip with a sexy, lusty look in her eyes. I must turn away when she engulfs the head into her mouth and Matt groans in pleasure.

As I turn away and towards Jason, he takes the opportunity to cup my breast and cover my lips with his in a kiss of pure animal lust. At first, I resist but then my primal instincts take over and our tongues twirl in a deep French kiss. His hand goes from my breast to grope my butt-cheek. I must admit that feels good. Our lips part.

He says, "Matt, your girlfriend has a sweet ass." 

I cringe at the thought of Matt seeing another man fondle my private parts. 

Jason is very attractive and a great kisser, but I want to be with Matt. I'll turn and go down on Matt. He'll be surprised I've learned a lot about oral sex since we broke up. If my plan works, the other girl will go back to her boyfriend. It's okay for them to watch Matt and I make love. Truthfully, I think it's very erotic to let others watch. Matt and I are just friends now. So, what the hell?

Let me suck his incredible cock.

Matt

Wow, two hot mouths pleasuring my dick. Fuck, I'm in fucking heaven. I'll put a hand on the top of each head. I'm a king. All right!

Jason is fondling Kimmie's naked ass and reaching under with his other hand to cup her bare breast. What a horny fucker.

He says, "I just love Kimmie's sweet, tight ass." His hand squeezes one naked, small, firm ass-cheek, then the other. "Yes, very sweet. Let me check under for pussy." 

I can see Jimmie has her legs tight together blocking his hand. Not very friendly. 

I say firmly, "Spread your legs sweetheart and let my friend feel your pussy. It's all good."

Kimmie 

How can I say no. Jason's girlfriend is so willing to give Matt pleasure. I don't want to piss off Matt. Plus, I can't deny, Jason's's hand stroking my bum is very sensuous. I'll spread my knees. What the hell?

He crows in glee, "There's that fine pussy."

I feel his hand dip down and over my hypersensitive crotch. He says loudly, "What do we have here, a very wet, very turned on pussy. I think this horny girl's in heat, Matt." 
