 ***Many thanks to NickJBella for editing this story for me!***

When I pulled up to the front of his house it appeared to be quiet. The windows downstairs were without light and the only activity to be seen was a TV that was flickering in the dark living room. His bedroom window upstairs had a light glow. My day had been long and stressful. I couldn't seem to relax after work and I needed to be with someone. And what better company than a man who never turns me away no matter what time I decide to drop in? 

I parked my SUV on the street and quickly made my way up the walk. The door was unlocked so I slipped inside. Just as I thought, the TV was on with an absent audience. I could hear footsteps just above where I was standing. Looks like I may catch him either getting in or out of the shower; mmm what a delicious thought. 

I slunk upstairs and saw a glowing line of light from his bedroom doorway before I reached the top. I didn't hear the shower running but I did hear something else. 

I peered in through the crack in the door and was shocked by what I saw. I quietly pushed the door open just a little bit wider so I could get a better look. After studying it for a moment, I pushed the door the rest of the way open and asked, "Are you fucking her or rocking her to sleep?" 

I instantly had two sets of eyes staring back at me with shock and surprise. A woman, whom I didn't recognize, was on her hands and knees at the foot of the bed while he was giving it to her from behind rather pathetically. 

She quickly gathered herself and covered with the sheet that had been pulled free from the bed. 

"Oh my god I am so sorry," she directed at me. "You asshole, you didn't tell me you had a girlfriend!" she spits out with fury. 

"No worries, Hunny. I'm not his girlfriend. So, are you going to introduce us, asshole? As she so nicely called you," I asked. Great, the one release I could count on was preoccupied with another woman when I needed him. It looked like I was going to have to go home with my tail between my legs rather than his cock. 

He was paralyzed and hadn't moved. He stood there naked and unaware of how to react. His cock was slowly going flaccid which was a sad sight; such a waste. After a few stutters, he seemed to have given up on talking. I should probably have been upset but I couldn't help to feel an overload of sexual feelings after watching him screwing her even if he was fucking her like an old man instead of the aggressive youngster that I know he can be. 

"I have to go. We're through," she directed at him as she started gathering her clothes. 

"Wait," I said as I stepped towards them. "I'll go, you can stay. I probably should have called. I'll let you two alone. I'm the one who intruded. I could have turned around and walked away without being noticed but I didn't and I'm sorry for that." I looked at him and whispered goodbye. 

"I can't stay. I'm so embarrassed and pissed," she said. 

"Wait, both of you," he finally chimed in. 

"Oh, so you *can* talk!" I pointed out. 

"I'm sorry. I never meant to mislead you," he directed at the woman. "She and I aren't involved like that. We're just fuck buddies. Nothing more, please don't leave." 

She looked at me for a reaction. I shrugged my shoulders and nodded in agreement. "I came here looking for a piece of ass but you beat me to it," I informed her and I turned to walk out leaving it at that. 

"Why didn't you just walk away?" She asked me. It wasn't a rude tone. I think she was genuinely curious. 

I turned to address her. "To be honest, I liked it. Now, as much as I'd like to stay and fuck the both of you, I'll just leave you be." 

"Don't go," she said. "*I* want you to stay." 

I looked at her with a raised eyebrow. "You were ready to leave and never look back but now you want to share? Are we supposed to take turns with him?" 

"You said you wanted to fuck both of us. I've never been with a woman," she said with an inviting smile. 

I looked at him and, as I expected, he had a silly grin on his face as if he'd just won the lottery. "There's no better person to teach you than her," he said to her while motioning to me. "She will show you everything you need to know." Talk about a compliment that went straight to my head. 

"I don't even know where to start," she said looking nervous like a virgin. 

"Don't worry, I'll lead the way," I said as I stepped towards her. I gently wiped the hair away from the sides of her face. She was the same height as me so we looked at each other eye to eye. I can see why he was attracted to her; she closely resembled me. Dark hair, brown mysterious eyes, perky tits from what I was able quickly catch a glimpse of. I placed a finger under her chin and guided her lips to mine. They were soft like flower petals. Her lips had a slight hint of cherry lip gloss that I could both taste and smell. It seems as though they jumped right in and got down to business since he didn't take the time to kiss and lick the gloss off from her. 

Meanwhile, he walked up behind me, slowly unbuttoned my blouse and pulled it off. His erection was pressed against my back. It was clear that he was ready for action once again. He kissed my shoulder and neck while I continued to taste her mouth. He reached around and unfastened my pants. They fell to the floor as he unhooked my bra. After sliding that off he took her hands which made her give up the grip on the sheet she was hiding behind. Our eyes locked onto each other's breasts. He moved her hands to place a firm grip on my tits and left them there for her to explore as he slid my panties off from me. He quickly placed a hand in between my legs as I reached out to fondle her chest. They were soft and warm with nipples that seemed to stare at me. 

"I'm nervous. I don't know what to do," she whispered. 

"You and I are going to get on the bed," I said to her. "And you are going to sit in the chair for now and watch," I instructed him. He responded quickly and made himself comfy with a front row seat next to the bed. She sat on the bed and slid up far enough to lie down. She shyly placed her hands on her chest and squeezed her legs together. One would think she were a virgin all around rather than someone who was just bent over exposing all. 

"Relax," I spoke softly to her with a friendly smile as I crawled up onto the bed. I straddled her hips and I could feel her legs slightly parting as she calmed her body a little. I ran my hands along her smooth stomach until they came upon her hands that were still barricading those pretty tits of hers. I leaned down and lightly kissed her. Her breathing was quick and she still remained somewhat tense. As I kissed her neck I could hear her moan. She finally moved her hands and trailed them down my sides where they came to rest on my hips. My lips began tasting their way down between her breasts. I placed my hands on them and buried my face in the tight alley in between. As I sucked a stiff nipple into my mouth she moaned and squeezed my ass. It was satisfying to know she was enjoying her first time with a woman so far. I took the whole areola into my mouth and teased the nipple by making sharp flicks with just the tip of my tongue. Her hips were starting to thrust up against mine. I kissed my way back to her lips and lowered myself onto her; bare mound to bare mound, feeling her swollen tits against my own. 

"How far are you willing to go?" I whispered into her ear. 

"Lick me, please," she begged. 

"You don't have to ask me twice," I said with a smile. 

"Hey! Did you forget about me?" he asked eagerly. 

"You had your turn already. Just sit there and jerk off until we're ready for you," she replied with a giggle. Wow! I'm beginning to like her. I ran my tongue over her breast and down her stomach. I could feel her flinch with each tickling move. I slipped one leg in between hers and she opened wide. I could hear him anxiously playing with himself so I looked in his direction and gave him a teasing wink. I turned my focus back to her. I rubbed my hand over her pussy; feeling how hot and wet it was. It was completely smooth with a sweet fragrance that was drawing me in closer. As soon as my tongue touched on one side she gasped. I ran it up and over to the other side while she moaned softly. I took one long stiff lick up the center and she clenched her hands. Pulling away to admire her, I could see that she had opened up like a flower searching for sunlight. My tongue explored every crease and fold before I focused on her erect clit. I slid a finger in deep. She was hot and extremely wet. A second finger slid in just as easily. With deep thrusts and powerful wiggles of my fingers, I sucked her clit into my mouth and stroked it vigorously with my tongue in hopes of making her cum hard. She was breathing hard and moaning loudly. I glanced over at the chair without a single pause and was amused at the look on his face. He looked like a helpless bystander. At that exact moment, her body made a quick flinch as she came. Her loud scream lets me know just how satisfied she was. 

"That was amazing," she said between breaths as I climbed back up to her. She placed her hands on my face and kissed me deeply. She rolled us over a whole new side of her emerged. "It's your turn!" 

She wasted no time. She quickly got busy playing with the very first pair of tits that weren't her own. She squeezed them, licked them, and sucked them hard. I quickly realized I was going to be impressed with her. I held her hair behind her head as she let her tongue wander around my body. When she made her way to a whole new world, I spread my knees wide for her to study me. She looked long and hard at what I had to offer. She shyly bit her bottom lip. "I really want to but I don't know what to do." 

"There's no right or wrong. Don't worry about pleasing me. Just enjoy yourself and explore," I assured her with a smile. With a deep breath, she reached in with her hand. She made light, lingering touches as she started exploring. I looked over at our spectator and gave him the come-hither motion with my finger. He knelt on the bed next to me and leaned in for a kiss. 

She was lying flat on her stomach between my legs so he decided to straddle her. He held her hair out of her face as she leaned in for her first taste. It was a long, stiff lick up the center just as I had done to her. Her tongue was warm and soft. He took one of her hands and slowly led her finger inside of me. She planted small kisses and playfully darted her tongue around. I closed my eyes and took in every small detail. It wasn't long before she learned just what kind of attention a clit should be given. My breathing quickened and my body was tensing. 

"Mmm, that feels so good," I complimented. I wasn't just saying that to cater to her ego. She really was sending me over the edge. He had leaned down to kiss her shoulders and back. She was moaning just as much as I was. I wasn't expecting to climax with her but it took me by surprise. My body flexed as I came for her and I screamed in satisfaction. 

"I'm impressed," I said when she came back up to me. We were now face to face and she was kneeling between my legs. As she leaned in for a kiss, he threw his cock into her and she gasped. Each thrust he made caused our breasts to bounce off each other. I reached between us and rubbed both of us at the same time. I felt his slick dick burying itself deep inside her. She kissed and nibbled my neck and I held her tight. I squeezed her ass with both of my hands and felt every jiggle made from him pounding her hard. 

He withdrew himself from her and lay on his back. "It's time for one of you lovely ladies to have your way with me." 

She and I looked at each other. "Be my guest," she said. 

I climbed on top of him and finally got to take every inch of him inside. As I began riding him, she crawled up near his head and he got a puzzled look on his face. She turned to face me, threw one knee to the other side of his head and lowered her wet, swollen pussy onto his face. He let out a pleased grunt and went to town lapping her wetness as I slid myself up and down his cock. She and I were face to face yet again. She placed her hands on my thrusting hips and stared at my bouncing chest. She still seemed timid at moments but she was slowly learning to just go with it. I reached forward and fondled her tits without missing a beat with the business I was tending to on him. 

"I want to eat your pussy again," she whispered with a huge grin. 

"I'll lie down. I want you to put that pussy of yours on my face too," I responded as I lifted myself off from him. I laid myself back, placing my head at the edge of the foot of the bed. She removed herself from the ravenous embrace that he had on her thighs. She walked around to the foot of the bed and placed a knee on either side of my head just as she had for him. I welcomed her face between my legs once again as she lowered herself onto me. She seemed to mimic every move that I was doing to her; learning from me, the best teacher for the job. He stepped up behind her so I was able to look up and watch him slip his dick inside of her. His movements were slow and shallow. I reached around her thighs and spread her ass allowing him to see everything. The sight of his cock slipping in and out between her pussy lips was driving me wild. She was able to keep her focus on me while he had his way with her. He went balls deep and held himself there. I took the opportunity to suck on each of his balls as they dangled so closely to my face. 

He pulled himself out of her and looked down at me with a smile. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" 

I nodded with a devilish grin. 

"What are you two thinking?" she asked us while looking over her shoulder. 

"It's a surprise," I said as she moved off from me. I climbed off the bed and disappeared into his master bathroom. 

A few minutes passed and I reemerged from the bathroom. I stood in the doorway to watch the action happening on the bed. Once again, he was taking the easy route. She was riding him hard and was quite impressive. 

"So, who's first?" I asked. 

They both looked at me, he with a huge grin and she with a gaping mouth of surprise. There I stood wearing a rather large strap-on, blue of course; his favorite color. 

"Ladies first," he said. 

"Oh my god! How exciting! Wait! What do you mean, ladies first?" she asked with complete curiosity. 

"Well, this is his house...his toy," I said. "His favorite!" 

"You mean....? You use that on him?" she asked. 

"I love it when she fucks me with that," he said as I walked towards the bed. The cock swayed with each step I took. 

I stood at the end of the bed and tossed a tube of lube and a handful of condoms on the mattress along with a towel. I imagined things may get little messy switching things up between the two of them. "Back that pretty little ass of yours over here," I instructed her. She withdrew him from her and backed towards me on her hands and knees. This new addition to the party was just slightly larger than our male counterpart. I quickly rolled on a condom and slathered "myself" with lube. She was watching me over her shoulder and hadn't noticed him move so he was kneeling in front of her. It looked like she was going to get fucked in both ends. I rubbed the tip along her slit and she opened with anticipation. I stepped forward and placed my knees on the mattress for leverage. I wiped my hands on the towel and placed them on her hips. I slowly slid the toy inside while looking her in the eyes. She gasped when she accepted all 8 inches of fun. 

"Oh my god! I can't believe he takes this in the ass!" she giggled. 

"Like a pro," I responded as I made slow, shallow thrusts. She turned to look ahead and found herself being stared at by the dick we'd been passing back and forth. She looked up and locked eyes with him. She opened her mouth and welcomed him inside. The harder I fucked her the more she moaned with his cock in her mouth. His hands grasped her head and he began sliding himself in and out of her mouth along with my rhythm. The sight of the toy pushing and pulling at her pussy lips with every movement was thrilling me as much as watching the enjoyment on his face as she sucked him off. 

"I love watching your tits bounce every time you ram her," he said as he reached for them. He squeezed them, pulling on my nipples. 

"You'll be able to watch them bounce when I fuck you next" and I winked at him. I saw a gleam in his eye that I've seen so many times before. He removed himself from her oral grip and gave me the go ahead to give her my best moves. The harder I thrust the louder she got. I noticed she had reached down and began rubbing herself in hopes of coming again. 

"Don't wear yourself out all on her, babe," he said with a pouty look on his face. "My ass is loosening just by seeing you wearing that." With that, I throw a final hard thrust into her and hold myself tight against her. I can hear her panting along with me as I slowly withdraw the toy from within her. 

"I don't know how much more I can take. I'm exhausted," she said as she crawled up the bed, rolled over, and wiped her wet, sweaty hair from her forehead. 

"Well then, I guess this is a great time for you to relax a bit and be the spectator," I said as I pulled the condom off and grabbed a new one from the bed. I motioned for him to assume the position and he couldn't seem to move fast enough. He quickly replaced her with his ass high up in the air for me to admire. I rolled the condom on the toy and made sure the lube was close by for when I'd need it. I licked my lips and I noticed my partner in crime had joined me at the foot of the bed. 

"I thought you were taking it easy," I said. 

"I've never participated in any kind of anal play," she said with extreme curiosity. 

"I certainly hope you'll be willing to volunteer when I need you," I begged and she anxiously nodded her head. "We need to loosen him up a bit." I placed my hands on his ass and spread him wide for the two of us to see. He's right; it wouldn't take long for him to accept the big cock that I was wearing. I kneeled down on the floor so I was at his level and touched my tongue to his nuts. I made one long, stiff lick up them and along the entire crease where I gave a strong flick on his eager, begging hole. He let out a deep grunt of satisfaction. 

"May I?" she asked. 

"Go for it. Make him beg to be fucked," I urged. She slightly hesitated, not because she was changing her mind but because she was wandering into uncharted territory once again. I stood up and she knelt in my place. She gave a light little lick. He immediately puckered and she smiled to herself. I reached out and pulled her damp hair back from her face. She replaced my hands on his ass and spread him wide once again. His toes were wiggling and his breathing increased. With each lick she gave he gasped and moaned. It wasn't long before she had her face buried and her tongue was darting in and out of his ass. She joined in with his moans and I was hardly able to contain myself watching her eat his ass like she'd been doing it for years. She reached down with a hand and started stroking his cock as I played with his nuts. 

"Fuck me, now!" he whimpered. I reached for the lube and asked for her to hold out her hand. I squeezed some onto her finger and instructed her to make sure her finger was completely covered. I squirted some lube on his ass, tossed the tube on the bed, and slowly swirled it around making sure he was nice and wet. I slowly inserted my finger and waited for his ass to grab hold and pull me inside which didn't take much coaxing. I was able to easily slide it in and out without any resistance. His moans got louder the faster I thrust my finger. I pulled it out and took hold of her hand. I inserted her finger and told her to hold it still as I inserted my finger alongside hers. I guided her hand as we fingered him together. I could feel him starting to loosen up more and his moans were certainly a telling sign that he wanted it. We removed our fingers and I reached over to the lube again. 
