 Tracy had just had a co-worker of her husband eat her pussy, followed by her sucking his cock and him coming all over her face, all while her husband watched, jerking off. Now she was standing between her husband, Justin, and his friend, Bill, cum from both men on her face, and she had a cock in each hand.

Tracy stood there, stroking her husband's cock in one hand, and Bill's in the other. Both men were getting hard again. Tracy had tasted both cocks already, but dropped to her knees, wanting more. First she took her husband's penis deeply into her mouth, sucking and licking. She pulled off him with a pop, releasing his cock, and moved to Bill, circling the tip of his cock with her tongue. She held the heads of their cocks together, and started licking them both at the same time.

Her husband, Justin, loved the sight of his wife's head, bobbing up and down on their two dicks, and the feeling of having the head of his cock rubbing again Bill's felt surprisingly good, but he needed to see Bill's monster cock buried inside her. He couldn't wait anymore. He pulled his cock away from her open mouth. "Get on the bed honey, on all fours on the edge of the bed. Let me see that wet pussy."

Hearing the excitement in his voice made Tracy even hornier. He never really talked to her like that before, and she could feel the wetness dripping down her thighs. She pulled away from Bill's cock, licking her lips, and did what her husband had asked her to do. She walked to the bed, and got on her hands and knees on the edge of the bed, legs apart, air cool on her wet pussy, and waited, heart pounding.

Justin looked at Bill, "I want you to fuck my wife hard, don't hold back, and make her come until she screams."

Bill started fondling his hard cock, as he looked over at Tracy ready and waiting on the bed. With her shaved pussy, he could see her swollen lips, and juices. He walked behind her and ran his fingertips over her ass in small circles, causing a shudder to run through her. His hand moved to her glistening wet pussy, spreading the lips open gently, to slide a finger inside, stroking the tender flesh, until she started moaning.

Pulling his finger out, pussy lips still spread, he held his cock at her entrance, and guided just the head inside, and stopped there. He put his hands on her hips and pushed in further until his cock was halfway inside. "Oh my god," he whispered, "you feel so tight."

Tracy tried to push back against him, needing more, although his thick cock was already filling her.

Do you want more?"

"Yes, please, give me all of it".

"What do you think Justin," Bill said, looking over his shoulder, "should I put every inch of my thick cock in your wife's pussy?"

"Yes," Justin groaned, cock in hand. "Fuck her senseless."

Bill smiled, turning back to the woman beneath him. "Get ready," he said, grasping her waist firmly, and started to thrust harder, pushing and pushing, until he felt his pelvis against her ass. He was all the way inside, and it was incredible.

Justin moved over to sit on the bed next to his wife, reaching under her to play with her clit, wet and swollen, while his friend fucked her.

Bill pulled almost all the way out, and then thrust in again, buried to the hilt, feeling her cunt opening to his girth. He started losing control then, his cock throbbing inside her, and started to fuck her hard and fast. Tracy started moaning, near to climax already from the pressure of his cock filling her and the sensation of her already tender clit being rubbed hard by her husband. 

"Oh god, fuck me, fuck me!!" she screamed. Don't stop! Deeper! Deeper!"

Bill felt her pussy spasm around his cock, and he stopped moving, to try and halt his own orgasm. He wasn't done with her yet. Tracy came with a spurt of juices around Bill's still hard cock, onto her husband's hand. "Yes. Yes. Oh my god yes!!" She didn't know how many orgasms she had, they just rolled over her, each stronger than the last, and seemed to continue into the next.

Bill groaned, the inside of her pussy was squeezing his cock tighter and tighter, and he knew he couldn't hold it much longer, so he started moving again, thrusting as hard as he could, relentlessly. The renewed hammering of her pussy sent her right into another deep orgasm, the last one still lingering. Tracy was in such a high state of arousal, she couldn't even get any noise out, her mouth open in a frozen scream, her entire body shuddering as her pussy sent ripple after ripple of pleasure through her.

Bill couldn't stop his own climax anymore, and he continued to plunge his cock in her as he sprayed his cum inside her, burst after burst of juice. Still buried inside her, the last of his cum drizzled out. He didn't think he had ever cum so hard or so much.

Tracy's head dropped, too heavy to hold up, her entire body sore to the point of exhaustion. As Bill pulled out of her pussy leaking with his and her mixed juices, her husband helped her lay on her side. She looked into his eyes, slightly dazed, but seeing the desire there. She looked down to see his still hard cock.

"Baby, I can't take anymore inside me right now, but come a little closer and let me take care of you".

Justin moved closer, on his knees on the bed, and Tracy managed to scoot to him, taking his penis in her mouth. She was sucking so gently, tongue circling the tip. Justin was so charged up from watching his wife being fucked by another man, it didn't take more than a few minutes before he felt a tightening in his ball sac, and he shot his load into his wife's mouth. She kept him in her mouth, making sure to suck down every bit, and then let his cock fall out of her mouth.

He reached down to wipe a bit of cum from her lip that she had missed, and put his finger in her mouth. She licked the last drop of his cum off his finger. Justin looked up and saw Bill pulling his clothes back on.

"Hey man, thanks."

"You don't have to thank me. That was the hottest sex I've ever had," he said, walking back to the bed. He reached down to softly caress Tracy's hip. "You were amazing". Tracy just smiled at him, already half-asleep. Her entire body was wrung out, but pleasantly tingling everywhere.

"I think your wife is going to need some recovery time," Bill said, heading to the door, where he stopped, looking back at the couple on the bed. "But, just let me know if you want to try this again, and I'll be back. I can let myself out." Then he walked out of the room, and they heard the front door close.

Justin moved his wife further up on the bed, where she would be more comfortable, and lay next to her, pulling a blanket up over both of them. She was already sound asleep. He hoped she would want to try this again, maybe with Bill, or maybe with another woman next time. He definitely enjoyed watching her with another man, but seeing a woman lick his wife's pussy, that he could definitely get into. They could talk about it in the morning...