 This is Chapter 2 of a story about swingers and how a housewife got caught up in the web of sexual predators. If the reader does not like stories about swingers and/or unfaithful wives then I suggest not reading this story. I placed it under group sex because most of the action, particularly the subsequent chapters will be mostly group sex. I have continued this story because of the positive feedback in the comment section and the e-mails received.

*

THE PARTY

Rhonda and Vince were having another party coming up in a couple weeks. Vince arranged for Diane's husband Dave to be out of town on business the weekend of the party. Vince wanted to enjoy himself at his own party and Dave was always a pain in the ass hanging by his side all the time. Rhonda told Diane to come to the party even if Dave was out of town. This particular Saturday was a scorcher so swimming would definitely be in order. Diane wore a tasteful two piece bathing suit with a matching wrap around skirt. Rhonda, Barb and Suki all wore skimpy thong bikinis. They also had wrap around skirts but they were sheer and their shapely buns were very visible. The guys all wore Speedo suits and their endowments were well outlined. Diane was embarrassed and blushed continuously.

The party went very well and people would jump in the pool to cool off and then sit around sipping summer drinks. Rhonda had made a special batch of frozen drinks that everyone enjoyed, although they went to your head quickly, particularly in the sun. Diane looked over at Vince and Dick and saw them openly fondling the exposed ass cheeks of their wives and Suki. She was getting turned-on and she could feel that familiar itch in her pussy. She looked at Walt and he was sporting an erection that was very visible in his Speedo. His excitement was very obvious. 

He leaned over to Diane and said, "Let's go to our favorite room," and then he licked her ear. Diane shivered with his touch. 

Diane went in the house first and Walt followed her shortly afterward. He led her back to the same room where he had first eaten her pussy. Diane flopped on the bed and removed her bikini top as Walt slid her bikini bottoms off of her. He dropped his swim suit and his big cock sprang out of it as the waistband cleared his crotch. Diane spread her legs and Walt slid right between them his big cock filling her immediately. Diane was so turned on that she came almost immediately and then again several times as Walt pounded her pussy. Walt did not cum and each time he was close he slowed down. Walt rolled Diane over on all fours and began to fuck her from behind again. 

Diane was expecting him to flood her pussy with his cum when she heard, "Well, well look at our little Miss Goody Two Shoes, isn't she something with a big cock in her." 

Diane was shocked when she saw Rhonda, Barb and Suki walk in the room. She wanted to get up and hide or grab her clothes but Walt kept her pinned to the bed and continued to plow into her cunt. The women all took off their bikinis and Rhonda got up on the bed with her pussy facing Diane. 

"It is time for you to learn to eat pussy," Rhonda announced. 

"I can't," whimpered Diane. 

"Of course you can my dear, you have had yours eaten you just have to do the same thing to me. Barbara be a dear and eat Diane so as to refresh her memory," Rhonda directed. 

Barbara moved along side Diane and began to apply lotion to Diane's asshole and soon had one then two and finally three fingers sliding in and out of Diane's bung hole. 

"Be a dear, Walt and fuck her ass while I eat her," Barb said. 

Walt moved his cock from Diane's pussy to her asshole and began to fuck her ass. Barb slid under Diane and began to eat Diane's cunt. Rhonda pushed her body closer to Diane and with further encouragement soon had Diane lapping her pussy. Suki moved up along side Diane and began to play with Diane's tits and nipples. Diane was going crazy and she could feel another intense orgasm building.

Diane came in Barb's mouth just as Rhonda drenched Diane's mouth and Walt filled her ass with an enormous amount of cum. As Walt's cum ran out of Diane's ass it trickled between her ass cheeks down over her pussy lips and in to Barb's waiting mouth. Walt's softening cock slipped from Diane's ass and right into Barb's waiting mouth. Diane could feel movement around the bed and her body and when she finally regained her senses she realized that Vince was now fucking her in the ass, Suki was eating her pussy, Rhonda was playing with her tits and Barb was presenting her pussy to Diane to eat. This was a repeat performance with Vince cumming in her ass and Suki's mouth, Diane cumming on Suki's face and Barb coating Diane's face with her juice. More movement and then Dick entered Diane's ass, Rhonda was at Diane's pussy and Suki presented her pussy to Diane while Barb played with Diane's tits. This time Dick came in her ass and Rhonda's mouth as Diane juiced on Ronda's face and had her own face covered with Suki's cunt juice.

The three guys took a break and watched while Barb, Rhonda and Suki kissed and sucked Diane all over. They took turns sucking cum out of Diane's asshole and Diane was in ecstasy with the girl's mouths all over her. The three guys were sporting erections again and decided to introduce Diane to a triple penetration. Walt got on the bed on his back and Diane with the help of the girls was placed on his cock. As soon as his big cock was buried in her cunt, Vince got behind her and shoved his 7" in her ass. Dick presented his 7" cock to Diane to take in her mouth. As Diane serviced the three men Rhonda whispered to her that she had about two feet of cock in her at the same time. Diane shivered at in orgasmic delight and thought to herself that she had now reached total debauchery. The guys came in all her holes and withdrew their cocks from her. Diane soon found a mouth at each hole with Suki sucking cum from her mouth, Barb from her pussy and Rhonda from her asshole.

The guys watched the women sucked Diane's holes clean and then rearranged themselves to give her another triple penetration. This time Dick was in her ass, Vince in her pussy and Walt in her mouth. Once again they came in Diane's holes and once again the women were there to clean her out. Barb sucked cum from her mouth, Rhonda from pussy and Suki from her ass. One more time this scenario was played out this time with Walt in her ass, Dick in her pussy and Vince in her mouth. After the men came the women were back at Diane with Rhonda kissing her deeply and sucking all remaining cum from her mouth, Suki took care of Diane's pussy and Barb sucked Diane's asshole dry. The guys and Diane collapsed as they were entirely drained. Diane looked over at the three women whose pussies needed attention and watched as they fucked each other with dildos. Suki was in the middle and had two double dildos in her, one in her pussy and the other in her ass. Rhonda had one end in her pussy as she fucked Suki's ass and Barb had the other dildo in her pussy as she fucked Suki's pussy. Diane had never seen anything like this but at this point nothing surprised her. The three women took turns being in the middle and being double fucked until they were drained and exhausted. Diane thought to herself, just two months ago I was complaining that my pussy was being ignored and now I have sucked and fucked more cock and pussy then one could ever imagine.

After everyone had recovered they all freshened up their drinks and proceeded to the Jacuzzi. They sat in the hot tub and allowed the bubbling water to rejuvenate their bodies. They all toasted Diane and welcomed her into their world and assured her that all their activities were held in the strictest confidence. Rhonda told Diane that she should visit her during the week that often she and Barb were just hanging out by the pool. Diane explained that she couldn't leave her young children but Rhonda said she had the perfect Nanny for Diane. Diane agreed to try her out.

DIANE SPENDS TIME WITH RHONDA AND BARB

Next week Diane was introduced to Rita a stunning redhead as her new Nanny. The children loved her and Diane was very comfortable leaving them with Rita during the day. Diane started to visit Rhonda more often and most of the time Barb was there. Dave was thrilled that Diane was spending more time with Rhonda and did not object to the cost of having a Nanny. Most of the time the women would recline by the pool making small talk, sometime they would get horny and eat each other out. Diane learned about three-ways and 69 positions. She also was introduced to the double dildos and often was double fucked by Barb and Rhonda.

One day at Rhonda's pool Vince came home when he heard Diane was there. He came home so that he could fuck Diane in the ass. Vince loved Diane's ass and had become addicted to it. So he came home took off all of his clothes, placed Diane on all fours, removed her bikini bottoms and lubed up her asshole with lotion. He slipped his cock into Diane's ass and fucked her until he came in her ass filling it with his seed. Rhonda dropped to her knees and took Vince in her mouth sucking his cock clean and dry. Vince dressed and pecked Rhonda on the cheek and headed back to the office. Rhonda then turned to Diane whose pussy was throbbing with need and she licked Diane's cunt before sucking her husband's cum out of Diane's ass. The two women then fucked each other with a double dildo. 

Another time Rhonda announced that Vince was going out of town for a few days and he was going to stop by the house on the way to the airport. He was coming home so that he could fuck Diane in the ass before he left town. He was going to be in a hurry so he wanted Rhonda to have Diane lubed and ready. Rhonda had Diane on all fours and she had worked the lotion into Diane's bunghole. Rhonda was sawing three fingers in and out of Diane's ass when Vince arrived. He walked over to the bed and dropped his trousers and underwear. He was sporting a hard-on since he had been thinking about Diane's ass on the way home. He shoved his cock all the way in her ass and fucked her fast and hard. Vince blasted his jizm in Diane's ass and as before Rhonda sucked him clean and dry. He pulled up his pants, tidied himself up and headed for the airport, just like that. Diane was horny but Rhonda told her that Barb, Dick and Walt would be over soon and they would party then.

Later that day Rhonda, Barb, Diane, Dick and Walt fucked themselves silly. The variations and positions seemed to be endless. Diane was placed in between Barb and Rhonda with double dildos. Diane had a dildo in both her pussy and her ass and the other ends were in Rhonda and Barb's pussies. Walt fucked Barb in the ass and Dick fucked Rhonda in the ass as the girls fucked each other with the fake cocks. They all fucked each other until everyone came with Walt and Dick flooding the girl's assholes with cum.

Diane lay on her back and Rhonda straddled her mouth and lowered her cunt to Diane's mouth as Barb knelt between Diane's legs to eat her pussy. Dick slipped his cock into Rhonda's ass as Diane ate her twat. Walt fucked Barb first in her pussy then her ass as she ate Diane's cunt. Barb was then placed in the center between Rhonda and Diane with the double dildos but this time the dildos were placed in Rhonda's and Diane's ass so that they faced away from Barb. Barb had one end in her cunt and the other in her bung hole as the girls fucked each other. It was quite a sight to see the three assholes getting fucked with the fake cocks. Dick fed his cock to Rhonda and she sucked him willingly in to her mouth. Diane anxiously sucked on Walt's pole. The guys came filling the girl's mouth with their seed and the girls all had volcanic orgasms. They all collapsed in a heap on the bed.

THE TRIP -- DIANE'S DEBACHERY CONTINUES

Rhonda and Barb took a Mediterranean cruise every year for a week. It was Vince's gift to Rhonda and the last couple of years she was allowed to invite Barb. Rhonda wanted to include Diane this year and Vince agreed saying that he would set it up and take care of all the arrangements. Diane was excited with the prospect of going and everything had been worked out. Rita would watch her children while Dave was at work and Dave had thought it was terrific that Diane would be vacationing with Rhonda. Dave thought that he was gaining points all the time with Vince.

The girls would fly to Naples, Italy and board the boat there for a week long cruise. Vince arranged for a charter boat with a crew and the girls flew first class on Alatalia airlines. On the plane the girls sat in the bulkhead row three abreast. First class service was provided by four flight attendants and one of them was a very pretty Italian girl with a roaming eye. Rhonda noticed how the attendant checked them out when they boarded. 

The service was delightful with a gourmet meal and plenty of wine. Rhonda was seated on one aisle with Barb in the other aisle seat and Diane was in the middle. Often the flight attendant, Verna her name as they learned, had to step over Rhonda to pure Diane's wine. Most of the time Verna's leg would come in contact with Rhonda's leg and Rhonda was convinced it was intentional rather than accidental. Rhonda decided it was time to test the water. As Verna leaned with her legs slightly spread to pure Diane's wine her skirt would ride up a little to about 4-6" above her knees. This time Rhonda placed her hand on Verna's leg at the side of her knee. Verna froze at first then continued to serve the wine as Rhonda slid her hand up Verna's leg over her inner thigh over her stocking tops toward her panty covered pussy. Verna acted as if nothing was happening and even leaned further over toward Barb to fill her glass as well. Rhonda reached Verna's cunt and stroked the pussy mound through her panty. Verna moaned but stood there for the attention as her pussy got wetter and wetter. Rhonda slipped a finger under the panty elastic and stuck it in Verna's pussy. She then massaged Verna's clit until Verna stopped her. Verna leaned over and whispered in Rhonda's ear that it would be better when the cabin lights were turned out later. During the rest of the service the touching games between Verna and Rhonda continued to keep Verna in a state of arousal.

True to her words when the cabin lights were turned out Verna came back to the three women and stood between them facing Diane with Rhonda and Barb on either side. By this time Barb and Diane had been clued in by Rhonda and they were all ready to play. The three of them stroked Verna's shapely legs, buns and pussy under her skirt. Verna was beside herself with all of the touching going on. Verna had one girl's finger in her asshole, another girl's finger in her pussy and the third girl's fingers tweaking her clit. Verna had a massive orgasm and had to cover her mouth to smother her moans. 

Verna had each of the women put a blanket in their lap and she knelt down in front of them starting with Rhonda and working her way across to Barb. She slid her hands up Rhonda's shapely legs and removed her panties. Verna then buried her face in Rhonda's cunt and ate her to an intense orgasm. She repeated the same things with Diane and Barb. Verna's face was covered with pussy juice. Rhonda had Verna sit in Diane's seat so that the three women could work on her. Verna pulled two blankets over her one up to her neck so that her uniform would not be recognizable to anyone. Rhonda dropped to her knees before Verna and moved under the blanket to remove Verna's panties and suck on her cunt. Rhonda ate her pussy and finger fucked Verna's ass at the same time. Barb and Diane had loosened Verna's blouse and unhooked her bra so that they could get to her tits. 

Verna had very firm tits with rock hard nipples that had to be an inch long. Barb and Diane twirled her nipples in their fingertips while Rhonda continued to do a job on Verna's pussy. Barb and Diane ducked their heads under the blanket and sucked Verna's tasty nubs into their mouths. Verna had a volcanic orgasm soaking Rhonda's face. Rhonda came up to Verna and kissed her deeply allowing the stewardess to taste herself. Barb was the next to eat Verna and finger her asshole as Diane and Rhonda worked on Verna's tits. Diane followed Barb and just when Verna didn't think she could cum again, she totally lost it. All the girls took turns in the wash closet cleaning and straightening up before the plane landed. Rhonda told Verna that their cruise did not start until the next day and they would be at the hotel if Verna wanted to join them. Verna said that she may see them later.

That afternoon the three women were sun bathing at the hotel pool when Verna arrived. Verna joined them in the sun and they made small talk and sipped cocktails as they took in the sun's rays. Verna explained that she had been with women before but the flight was incredible and she had never had experienced anything quite so erotic and that the idea of getting caught added to the excitement. That evening the four women dined together before adjourning to their suite for more fun and games. Verna was an Italian beauty with dark hair, olive skin and dark mysterious eyes. She was built very much like Diane except with larger tits that were extremely firm and very sensitive.

That night Verna was treated to the most incredible night of sex she ever had. It started with Rhonda on her back wearing a strap-on dildo and Verna sitting on it filling her pussy. Barb also wearing a strap-on slipped it into Verna's asshole. Diane presented her pussy to Verna's mouth so that she could eat Diane while she was getting double fucked by Rhonda and Barb. After Diane and Verna came they switched positions this time with Barb getting her pussy eaten by Verna and Diane fucking Verna's ass. Then it was Rhonda's turn to be eaten as Barb and Diane double fucked Verna. Verna then rested on her back as the three women massaged her body rubbing her all over until she started to get worked up again. Then they took turns with Verna, one eating her cunt and the other two working over her marvelous tits. Finally when Verna didn't think they could do anything else or that she had anything left in her, they arranged Diane and Verna facing each other with a double dildo in their pussies. Barb fucked Diane in the ass with a strap-on as Rhonda fucked Verna in the ass also with a strap-on. Barb and Rhonda rotated with Diane but Verna always remained in the middle to be double fucked. The four of them fell asleep in this position with strap-on and double dildos filling their holes.

The next morning Verna said goodbye and thanked them for a marvelous time. The girls got cleaned up dressed, packed and checked out of the hotel. 

Diane said on the way to the boat landing, "God, I am looking forward to a relaxing time, I am exhausted." 

Barb and Rhonda looked at each other and smiled knowingly.

Meanwhile back in the states at Vince's home Walt, Vince and Dick had there cocks in Suki's holes. Walt in her cunt, Vince in her ass and Dick was in her pussy. They fucked her until they all came and Suki would be triple fucked two more times that night with each guy cumming in all her holes. 

"Wonder if the girls had a good flight," said Vince. 

"Oh I am sure that they found a way to keep each other entertained," chimed in Walt. 

"They are probably sucking and fucking as we speak," added Suki as she licked cum off her face and hands and then scooped more of it out of her asshole and pussy.

THE CRUISE

The women arrived at the boat landing and they were escorted to the boat, actually the yacht that they would be cruising in the Mediterranean Sea. It was beautiful at least 60' long and had a crew of 9 men. 

Diane was overwhelmed and Barb said, "Well Vince outdid himself this time."
