 [this is the 'Director's Cut' of this story due to high demand to know more! Thanks for emails q68]

* * * * *

After what seemed like an eternity, but which was about 15 minutes, the boys had simultaneously reached the same point of satisfaction, as they steadily fucked, fingered, humped and generally shafted my beautiful chesty fiancée, Sandra. My presence had not been detected.

The larger guy, John, had swapped with his partner, Sam, in their pre-nuptial obligations...John had moved from fucking Sandra's face to then turning his attention to Sandra's ass. He'd given Sam a look, upon which Sam withdrew his big prick from Sandra's pussy. John then firmly held Sandra by her skinny, toned hips [I admired the pale outline of her g-string...the most recent sunbed sessions with her daughter-my ex-Jenny, had worked wonders] and turned her around. Using the ample lubrication from her mouth that remained on his cock, he'd then positioned it on her practiced asshole, and steadily pushed in, much to Sandra's delight, although her face registered an expression like pain, eyes shut tight, mouth wide open. I knew it not to be the case.

Sam, meanwhile, climbed up on the small box that John had vacated, and fucked her face in alternate moves to his partner...Sandra once again sandwiched from both ends. I could hear the slopping, slapping sounds of Sandra's predicament, her body used as it was as slut-toy.

As the trio's momentum increased, I realised I'd had enough...I was bored of Sandra's infidelity, although I'd initially found it very arousing. She was just too cheap. Fuck this, I thought. I then returned to the room in which I'd changed planning to get my stuff and exit, when a familiar form appeared at the door. We both halted with a surprise and looked at each other.

It was Jenny. She was gorgeously attired in her tight pink bridesmaid's outfit, but what amazed me was a certain enhancement...in the upstairs department. With a shock, I realised I hadn't seen her for at least 3 months. She must have had her already huge breasts enlarged, and was now probably bigger than the H-cup Sandra. Her tits were just massive, and reached some way to her naval, the tops of her huge chest visible down to the cleavage, some five inches worth. She was gorgeous, her blonde hair feather-cut and fringing her beautiful blue eyes, her curves so subtle and toned...she'd lost a tiny bit of weight, no doubt as a result of the gym, I surmised. I looked at her and thought one thing: money. She was so unbelievably desirable that no doubt thousands of men would empathise...I'd be her agent in...well, something I'd plan later, I could see it now. But so far, we hadn't even spoken. She smiled up and me. 'Hi', she offered. 'Sorry'.

I just beamed back at her. 'Apology accepted. I guess you just can't say no.'

She smiled and came towards me, buried her head against my shoulder and wrapped her arms around me. 'I'm so sorry' she said, and squeezed me. I reciprocated, and was aware of the now-too-familiar feeling of oversized tits pressing against me: just like her mother. We parted slightly and gazed at each other. My hand dropped to her buttock and firmly caressed it, something she allowed. I turned her around with a smile. 'Naughty girl', I said, and quite bluntly hitched her dress up right to her waist [as she excitedly caught her breath], revealing her expensive, but tiny white thong. I slapped her ass hard, some three times, and, while it was quite toned, wobbled nonetheless. 'Ouch, ouch, oooohhh', she exclaimed. My hand's imprint remained on her little ass. I turned her back to face me. 

We kissed slowly and deeply, her sweet saliva now spread through my mouth by that long, expert tongue. My erection grew. Jenny then smoothly unzipped my fly and in one movement had her hand deep inside, now releasing my hard erection, and gently now, wanking it's length with an assured, measured touch. I sighed deeply.

'Jenny, let's give it another try.'

Her eyes grew a little wide with surprise. Wasn't this my 'big day', my wedding? It was, but now it was to be bigger...I looked her up and down. Much bigger.

She smiled. 'OK. Let's.'

'You get freshened up and tell the others there's a slight, er, surprise. That Sandra had planned this all along, and that there's a, er, change to the advertised programme.'

With that, I kissed her forehead, grabbed my bag, and headed back to the rear room.

--------------

I knew what to do, and it was completely thrilling, just amazing...life had just changed again for the absolute best.

I approached the room that Sandra and friends occupied and once again heard muffled sounds from within...Not still going, are they? I thought, exasperated. I only had half an hour till the ceremony. I opened the door just a crack, to see Sandra, thankfully clothed and arranging her hair, speaking to Sam, who was tucking his shirt back into his trousers. I overheard fragments of conversation, but managed to pick up '...Friday....best time...he's out till six' and '...don't worry about it...good for the complexion!' The last comment could only pertain to the amount of spunk Sandra had just worn all over her pretty face, no doubt ruining her makeup. She then stood, like the perfect miss watching her new boys depart, arms folded under her massive bosom, her posture straight...I admired her form, curving down to her exquisite posterior, slim legs, high heels. But enough. The boys had gone.

I walked in as if I was preoccupied, head full of arrangements.

'So there you are, gorgeous!' I laughed. Sandra turned quickly, her eyes bright, a look of innocence and slight alarm on her face. She smiled hopefully.

'I think we should get ready, don't you?' I offered. She nodded. 'Oh yes...yes! Of course. Let me freshen my make up.'

'OK...but wait a minute.'

Sandra froze, unsure what to do. I capitalised on her trepidation.

'You look so wonderful, and soon we'll be, y'know, hitched up...can I get a photo of you as...my wanton, single slut? Before you're my wife, I mean.' I smiled happily...she really was confused, but was no doubt still recovering from as much of a conclusive, heated threesome as I'd ever seen...even on video.

'I want to capture you as you are now, frozen in time: the woman I love, my object of lust', I offered.

Sandra smiled, resigned, and nodded. I stepped forward, brushed her hair back, and nuzzled her neck. She was initially stiff, no doubt wondering if I could detect the smell of dried spunk that remained on her face, and in her hair. Her perfume was quite strong, and I may have detected just a whiff of something else...but was it written somewhere that spunk rubbed into the skin is an aphrodisiac? Maybe.

I stepped back and looked at her, smiling. She smiled. Those tits. Jenny's indeed were now the same size, but it was just...the 'something' Sandra had. So pendulous, so monstrous. The description 'breasts' with all the connotations of weight, excess and something almost masculine in presence had never been more apt. No matter. Enough. I directed her to sit on a nearby table, some four foot wide. She complied, looking up at me for further instructions. I then reached down, pulling the stretchy pink material of her dress down, until it clung to the tops of her nipples. I stood back, observed, and frowned. I walked back and collected my bag, and brought it forward, next to us.

'Fine...almost', I said under my breath. 'Spread those legs.'

Sandra complied, and as she did, her dress rode up her thighs, until her crotch was revealed. She wore a pink g-string, tiny, but nonetheless just covering her pussy, which was perfectly trim. I knew that the crafty bitch had packed a spare g-string as the one I'd seen discarded on the floor previously was white...or was this one of the honeymoon surprises? No surprise now.

'Hmmm...this is getting better and better, but I wanted to try something.' I had a surprise ready for our honeymoon too, and thought I'd follow Sandra's example by introducing it now. I crouched down to my bag out of Sandra's view and brought out four lengths of sturdy rope, then swiftly held her ankle to one of the table legs, wound the rope about three times and secured it with a double knot.

'Hey', Sandra laughed, 'what's going on?'

'Oh darling...I've been dying to do this. The perfect photo! It won't take long, I promise.'

Sandra nervously laughed, but I ignored her, still capitalising on my surprise entrance. In no time I'd bound the other ankle to the opposite table leg, stood and admired.

Sandra's legs were almost painfully spread, due to the width of the table, her crotch looking unbelievably hot in her pink thong, the tops of which were now revealed, and extended up high, under her dress, now riding up to her naval. She had to lean back to balance, or she may have flopped forward...her heavy tits no doubt adding to the issue. She grunted with discomfort, looking up at me with an expression that said 'Just get it over with!'

I hopped on the table behind her, held her hands gently together with wrists touching, explaining that this would balance her....I took the longest measure of rope, bound her wrists, then drew the loose rope-ends out, over the side of the table until they hit the floor. I then quickly moved off the table, gathered the rope from each side, crawled underneath and firmly, very firmly, knotted the rope under the table. From up on top, I heard Sandra start to complain. The last measure of rope was then used to create a securing triangle: hooking over the rope I'd just secured, then winding forward to doubly restrain both ankles and table legs, and back, secure. Sandra was going nowhere. 

Knowing that she would get very alarmed now, I quickly reached into may bag for one last implement of restraint, then hopped back on the table behind her. I reached forward, kissed her ear, and murmured 'Last touch...you look great!'

I then pushed a ball quickly and simply into her mouth, and while she squealed in protest, affixed it securely behind her head, making sure it caught none of her beautiful hair. Then, quite flushed with all the effort, I hopped off, casually straightening my tie, brushing dust off my trousers, and stood in front of her.

Sandra's orange ball-gag held perfectly, as did my whole rope configuration. She was the perfect doll, her eyes wide in alarm, her huge tits heaving, and her legs spread wide. I gently reached forward and adjusted her g-string, reducing it, pulling it up, and allowing it to slip inside her large slit. I then reached up and fully exposed her huge tits, and working from one to the other, lapped at those massive nipples, absolutely rock hard in her confused arousal. Sandra actually seemed to relax, knowing that her bondage-something I'd never really been into-was now complete, and now expecting me to take a snapshot and release her. How naive.

I stopped and thought for a second, and considered the time factor. I then turned to her.

'One for the road?'

I then unzipped my trousers and pushed down my underwear, taking my large erection in my hand and stroking it steadily as I viewed my prize. Moving forward, with one hand on her left hip, I fingered the soft fabric of her thong, and then stretched it to one side, revealing Sandra's ample, pink lips, still blushed from her recent shafting. 

With two fingers, I stretched her pussy lips apart as she grunted, half in pleasure, half with trepidation. I then positioned my circumcised cock-head in her steamy hole, and then, with small thrusts gradually becoming larger and larger thrusts, I had entered her, and was fucking her right to the base of my prick. Soon my pubic hair was moist with her pussy juices...and no-doubt with some of the residue of her new boys.

I fucked Sandra for a good ten minutes, happily observing her discomfort, her straining bound arms and legs and her mouth full of the gag, as she dribbled slightly, and of course, her huge bust wobbling and swaying. I gave one of her huge tits a good slap from time to time...what a loud sound it made! Her face registered severe contradictory responses: the anguish of uncertainty and the pleasure which she was no doubt receiving from her discomfort, and of the fucking she was receiving. Her grunts became louder. How tempting it was to take the gag out and hear her expletives, moans, torment. But it wouldn't be wise.

Soon [no doubt spurred on by the knowledge that my cock would be buried in Jenny's ass later that night] I felt my balls contract, and knew that I wasn't far from a huge ejaculation. Indeed, I felt Sandra's vulva contract possibly unintentionally as she sensed my speed increase...and soon my spunk rose up. The first few dollops erupted deep inside her, filling her right up so that when I withdrew, and sprayed her hanging tits and abdomen with the rest, her pussy was dripping with my hot, white cum. I rubbed some on her tits and over her flushed face, but left the rest dripping and streaking...well, for later.

I then towelled my cock with a section of her dress and took the final pleasure device from my bag: a small camcorder, fully-charged and armed with four hours of film, not sure where to place it for the best view. Then, a small voice called for me from the next room: Jenny's. Sandra looked at me with utter horror and shock. I stepped forward as she struggled, perhaps with dawning realisation, definitely with the conviction she had been had, well and truly. I kissed her on the cheek, stepped back and smiled. Did I have time to jerk off into her face, despite my recent orgasm? No. I felt my cock harden again, and indulged in the vision of Sandra' face once more resplendent with streaks of pearly jism. But no. Don't push your luck, I considered.

'Bye Sandra.' She struggled and squealed, the heavy table anchoring her completely...the perfect picture!

--------------

Some weeks later, Jenny and I were enjoying our honeymoon, driving to a seaside resort. The flight and scenery had been perfect, the sex unbelievable. I already had made more than adequate contacts for our new career, and the advances for Jenny's five year film contract had come through...just fabulous. But in the back of my mind, another film played...I chuckled as I drove. Jenny looked at me sweetly, her almost-non-existent pencilled eyebrows raised.

'Have you contacted Sandra, or is she still tied up...with business?

Jenny slapped my leg and laughed, the heavy load in her halterneck wobbling.

I thought back. After I'd left the room to meet Jenny, I quickly ducked into my dressing room. I wanted to confirm a suspicion which had been stirred by the fact I had heard noises from the next room-Sandra's-so clearly. Sure enough, now I that I inspected the dividing wall, I saw it: a square outline, perhaps for communication [perhaps I was in the cloak room?] or small space for storage...I inspected it and sure enough saw hinges on one side. With little effort, it had opened and I now looked into the next room, past a crack between some boxes and pillars at...Sandra. She looked at me, alerted by the sound of the little door, still wide-eyed and struggling, covered in spunk, squirming and angry. I smiled: this was excellent. I'd planned to use the camera for just a short while, until the ceremony, but had hoped...this was perfect!

I placed the camera on the opening between the two rooms, and crouched to focus it, and to frame the scene to best advantage...there. I then set it running, partially closed the small door...no-one would know, if all went to plan. Then, straightening my outfit, I'd rushed off to meet Jenny, and to meet the confused reaction of our guests, hoping that Jenny would have explained that it was all a massive surprise orchestrated by Sandra, that Jenny and I were to tie the knot all along. And as for those other knots...?

As I drove, I couldn't help smiling. What an outcome! 

After the ceremony and the ensuing outcome, and my hasty escape with Jenny, I'd managed to duck into my dressing room to retrieve the camera...it was still running! The shots I'd gained were just beyond description, and had been my favourite movie for these honeymoon times.

I had arrived in the hotel, and, after Jenny, complaining of jetlag, fell fast asleep on the sofa, I'd retrieved the camcorder from my luggage, and quickly hooked it up to the room's VCR. The TV flickered to life. 

The scene started with Sandra, of course, struggling, struggling and moaning...occasionally looking at the camera, dumb with frustration had she been able to speak, occasionally looking to the door. Her form was horny beyond description: her slim, spread legs, her pink porno high heels, her dreamy slit emphasised by her hitched-in g-string, her flexing abdomen, her arms restrained and back arched forward, making her enormous bust bigger and more extreme; her gorgeous face a portrait of caged frustration, the jism I had dispensed over her now just stains on the fabric of her dress and streaks in her foundation...I had to laugh, contrasting this image with the self-assured Sandra who'd arranged what may have been a series of private engagements in my absence with her flower-boys.

After an hour, during which the ceremony was taking place, voices could be heard. Sandra looked to the door hopefully. I had, at this stage, turned to the assembly after Jenny and I had exchanged vows, and announced that, if not for Jenny's wonderful mother, this could not have happened. Some of the assembly exchanged glances, still very confused, especially Jules and Eva, who looked at me sardonically with her liquid, piercing eyes. I expect she was suspicious, but keen to know more. I then suggested that we all retreat to the back room, where Sandra had prepared...another surprise!

The crowd moved slowly out. I turned to Jenny and smiled. 'Let's just go now!'

Jenny smiled, hugged me, and started for the front door.

'You go out to the car. I've left something behind.' The timing was perfect as, the second Jenny stepped out, the exclamations and laughter began. I ducked in to my dressing room, unnoticed by the guests spilling into the corridor, who strained to see inside the back room. I reached my position behind the camera, and stooped to look through the viewfinder. What a sight! Sandra was still restrained, and the fact that she was not naked, but only partially so, seemed to make her appearance more obscene. She was surrounded by guests, some shocked and amazed, some laughing loudly, some gossiping and pointing. None would have seen breasts to compare...unless of course, as I suspected, they were some of the many Sandra had fucked. And perhaps the men that had contemplated sliding their cocks in and out of her mature, sumptuous vulva? Well, here it was, mostly exposed for them to later jerk off to, some driblets of semen still visible...None knew what to do, but most, no doubt aware of Sandra's sexual prowess and appetite, would have speculated that this was part of the ceremony somehow.

Eva then strode forward and comforted Sandra, now utterly humiliated, stroking her hair and whispering to her, perhaps asking her if she was ok. As she did so, she slowly turned and looked at the camera directly...and smiled.

This is where the film ended.

Whether it could have been directed in a better way is something I will have to discuss when I interview the possible addition to my company, who will help to exploit Jenny's potential to the fullest extent.

The beautiful Eva.