 I am not sure why I even went here, but one day I found myself on one of those adult dating sites. I had used them in the past as my marriage had been on the rocks and I was looking for someone – ANYONE who wanted to be with me. During that timeframe I was tired of searching for porn and tired of being rejected by my wife. When the divorce was final, I became very bitter towards women in general.

In the past I had used the sites to find married women or women looking to hook up. I never really upgraded in the pursuit, but the women I found were more than accommodating sexually. In fact, in a lot of ways they reminded me of the way my wife used to be when we were dating. For whatever reason, however, I decided not to put an ad in the section looking for women, but instead, and ad for couples (male/female).

I am not gay, but I had had a threesome with a married woman before. Actually, I had sex with her regularly (she was in an open marriage) but one day I ran into her along with her husband. Drinks were consumed and before I knew it, we were at their house having a threesome. To say it was awkward is an understatement because she and I had sex many times and many ways, but this was the first time we were going to do it in front of her husband (or with him). In fact, she had to tell me that we were supposed to follow certain rules when we had sex and well, we never followed them. The biggie was that I was supposed to wear a condom in vaginal and anal penetration. Well, this sucked. One of my favorite things to do with her was to fuck her for a bit but then make her taste her pussy on my cock. Not quite the same when you have a rubber on. Also, I don't care what Dr. Ruth says, it does NOT feel the same with a rubber on. Maybe when you are 18, but not when you are in your 30s.

This time was different. I was making an ad and it was specifically to have sex with a woman who wanted to do it in front of her husband. I also made sure that I set ground rules in place for myself, and if they didn't want it, well, I wasn't going to meet with them. So, like a lot of people on the board, I took a couple of pictures (without my face) and put them on the website. I made sure, though, that I said things like "Make her my cumslut" and "fill her cunt up." As I said, I was very negative towards women – especially married ones – this was one way to have sex without having to worry about them falling for me.

I am quite certain my ad blended in with thousands of other ads on the website, but I felt rather confident given that – like a lot of divorcees – I had lost weight and really toned up. My ad was up for maybe a week when a couple about my age reached out to me. 

Typical middle-aged couple, he was starting to bald and had a bit of a gut on him. She clearly had gained some weight though she had a nice figure and a nice face. We traded messages back and forth and I was pretty direct about things. I am fairly certain I was trading them with the husband and was also pretty sure that things were going to be shut down several different times. Something I said offended him or caused him to chicken out. It was clear this was a first time swinging for this couple and just when I thought they were backing out, they started to pursue it even more. Maybe they were talking about it and having great sex or maybe she was the one, I didn't know. All I know is that after a few weeks of trading emails, one day they asked me to meet them for a drink at one of the nicer hotels in the area.

When we met it was a Friday night. They didn't say for certain, but I gathered that they had kids and it couldn't be on a school night. No biggie for me, but since I was meeting them after work, I came dressed in a nice suit. It wasn't hard to find them because the hotel bar was fairly empty – most are early Friday evenings because the traveling business people usually check out early and the out of town people on trips don't arrive until later. The initial meeting was a tad awkward. I really didn't know whether to shake hands or what. In the end we shook hands and had a seat in a booth. 

The pictures were fairly accurate. I was right in that he had a bit of middle aged spread and he didn't really go to any trouble to look presentable. I could tell he didn't work out at all and he was dressed in a plain polo and jeans. Carmen, however, was dressed in a nice cocktail dress and had makeup on. Some of her pictures didn't look all that good, but it is amazing how good a woman can look when they are dressed up. She had a bit of a baby pouch and her legs had a little extra padding, but her top looked great and her ass was nice, too. She had a sparkle in her eyes, but if she was turned on by me, she didn't let on.

I guess I was still in business mode because at some point Carmen said to me something like, "You would never guess you are the guy who was writing those things." It made me realize how harsh they sounded but it also made me realize that I needed to close this deal tonight because she was having second thoughts. We had a few drinks and I was very glad to see that neither of them could hold their alcohol very well. In the conversation they shared that they had thought about threesomes, but had never had one. They also shared that she was going to do a threesome (male female female) with her husband, but told him that the only way she would do it would be if she got one with another male first. It all made sense as to why they were writing and then stopping off and on. I realized they were negotiating with each other and also that they were searching out men and women to meet what they wanted.

After about 30 minutes I headed to the bathroom. It gave me a good opportunity to freshen up and clear my head. I was quite turned on by Carmen, but didn't really care much for her husband, Tom. I was gathering he didn't care much for me so I wanted to give them the opportunity to back out, or at least talk about it among themselves. When I returned, Carmen was alone and I thought maybe she was breaking the news. Instead she said, "My husband is getting a room and using the facilities. He will be back shortly." She could tell I was a bit shocked so she continued, "In the end, his horniness won out over his jealousy. See, he really wants me to go all out in a three way with another woman. I mean, he wants me to go down on her and he wants me to do things I have never done with a woman. I told him that if I was going to do that then I would get to be a total slut for one night." 

Wow, it was amazing hearing her talk like this when she seemed so innocent before. I was not sure if it was the alcohol or mere revenge, but it was clear that she wanted it to go a certain way. When Tom returned, I still had the look of shock on my face and he said out loud, "We are in room 1401. It is a suite with two bedrooms, a Jacuzzi and 2 bathrooms. This way you (he pointed at me) can go into another room when we are done. While he smiled, he did not seem at all happy. We rode up the elevator together and Carmen and I really didn't have a chance to chat after that. I had an overnight bag with me and Tom directed me to a room where I would be sleeping. Meanwhile, Carmen headed to the larger bathroom "to freshen up." 

There was a knock on my door and Tom entered. It was the first time we were in a room alone together and I could see his look of trepidation on his face. He shared with me that what she wanted went and that if she said she wanted to stop we would. He then finished up with, "and while she may blow you, you cannot cum in her mouth. She hates that and doesn't let me do it." 

"Fuck!" I thought. I let him put in a ground rule that was totally against what I wanted. Yeah, I liked Carmen, but when I set out for this, I really wanted to use the woman. Instead, I was somewhat liking her and allowed myself to be controlled by it.

Tom looked at his watch and he said, "I will be watching at first, probably not participating. I agreed to this, but it doesn't mean I am going to enjoy it. She should be ready about now, so let's head to the master bedroom.

The master bedroom was at the other end of the suite. This suite had more square footage than my first house (and more bathrooms). I didn't know how to wait for her, so I opted to sit on the end of the bed while Tom took a seat in a reading chair. When Carmen came out, she was dressed substantially different than what I was expecting. In fact, she exceeded all of my expectations. This innocent mother was wearing red pumps, black thigh highs, garters, a corsette and no underwear. I couldn't take my eyes off of her and was just starting to enjoy the view when Tom said, "What the hell? You never dress like that for me and you have never shaved."

Sure enough, Carmen was fully shaven down below, and after spending years with a wife who refused to groom, I was extremely aroused. Carmen cut him off, however. She said, "A deal is a deal. I get to do what I want with him and you will get your threesome with me and Linda. Now sit right down and enjoy the show."

While I was turned on by this, it also felt awkward. I never thought of this being a show for her husband. I thought of it as a three way where we were going to use her sexually. Now, it was just me and her. She walked over to me and while it was clear she was nervous, it was also clear that she really wanted to go all out. She asked, "So, do you think I am a hot piece of ass?"

I nodded and grunted a little like a teenager, but she seemed pleased rather than being bothered. She continued with, "Then I want you to use me like the woman I am. We have this suite until 11 am and if I am going to go down on another woman, then I am sure as hell going to enjoy my time with you." With that, she grabbed me by the tie and pulled my lips to her. She had bright red lipstick on, but I could tell it was not the kind that would smear. We kissed very passionately for a while and already I could feel a bulge in my pants. I love to nibble on women's necks, so I worked myself to nibbling when she whispered in my ear, "I mean it. I want me to use me like a slut you picked up at a bar. I am tired of being a model wife, make me your slut."

While she was whispering dirty to me, I could tell that she wanted me to talk dirty out loud. I pulled away from her neck and said, "I want you to suck my cock in front of your husband. I want you to show him how much you want my cock in you. Get on your knees and worship my cock." By the sparkle in her eyes, I could tell that I was doing what she wanted and she bent down to undo my pants. I pushed it further and said, "No, on your knees you whore. Serve my cock."

She didn't complain at all and got down on her knees. She undid my belt and unzipped my fly. To my surprise, my cock sprang out at full attention and she seemed to be rather impressed by it. She slid my pants off and put her hands on my cock. I could tell that it had been a long time since she had seen another cock and I could also see Tom stirring in the corner. He was quiet, though, so I grabbed her by the back of the head and hair and said, "Show your husband how much you want it. Show him what a cocksucker you were before you got married. I know you have sucked hundreds of cocks, but Tom needs to see how good you are at it." She opened her mouth and took it in, grabbing me by the ass as she guided the cock in her mouth. She did a few strokes with her mouth before she pulled off and looked up at me while stroking it with her hand.

"God, it is so big, I don't know if I can handle it all."

"Oh, don't act all innocent you little slut. I know you can take it. You are just afraid that Tom will see what a slut you really are. Now suck my cock and lick my balls." Man did she go to work. I mean, she was looking like a pornstar while she slobbered on my cock and licked my balls. Meanwhile, I continued with, "That's right you whore. Show me you belong on your knees with a dick in your mouth."

I didn't want it to end, but I knew there was more to it. I was feeling pretty powerful now and I picked her up by the waste and put her on the bed. I said, "I want to eat that pussy of yours before it gets filled with cum. Now spread your legs and make your pussy wet for me. It didn't take her long so I surmised that she was really turned on, because in a matter of seconds she was sliding 4 fingers in and out of her cunt and even had me lick her juices off of it. She repeated the process with her 4 fingers and this time I pulled her hand out and made her taste her fingers herself. If she was bothered by this, she didn't show it, but I added, "That's right, show your husband how much you like the taste of pussy."

More so because I enjoy it and less because I knew she would, I worked my way down to the bare pussy of hers. This really turned me on because it was completely smooth and it had been several years since I had eaten a cunt without feeling like I had to push hair aside. The other thing I found enjoyable was that her clit was very easy to find as it was very engorged. She clearly loved having her pussy eaten and made sure that both me and her husband were aware of it. While she was clearly orgasming (I could feel her pussy tighten around the finger I slid into her), she made sure to talk it up even further. "I can't wait to have that big cock of yours in my cunt. I can't wait to show my husband what a real cock will do to me." 

Well, I was horny as hell and I wanted to fuck her, so I climbed on top of her and buried my cock in her in one slow but forceful thrust. She greeted my entry with a big groan and a smile as I believe the first penis she had (other than her husbands) was entering her. I am not sure what it is about women, but when they have the same dick for years, a new one feels even better – no matter the size. I went to kiss her, knowing full well that my face was still sloppy with her juices. If it bothered her, she didn't let on. In fact, she pulled me into her to kiss her more deeply. In a few minutes she was orgasming again and I could tell for a while that she forgot she was on show. When her pussy stopped clenching my cock and she started to let down, she smiled at me and said, "Oh GOD that feels so good to have your dick in me. I want you to use me. Use me like the slut I am. At this point I went back to my women hatred and decided to really use her. I would pump her as deep as I could and then stop. If I thought she was building, I would stop. I could clearly tell it was teasing her.

I looked her in the eyes and said, "Taste your pussy on my cock." I pulled out and moved up alongside her mouth. She opened wide and took it in. I pulled it out and told her to, "Lick your pussy juices off my cock. Show your husband how good it tastes." In true form she ran her tongue up and down my cock – even licking the juices on my balls. I then went back to fucking her, repeating the same pattern of getting in a rhythm and then stopping when she was building. I made sure to do this several times – getting her on the point of begging. 

Finally I started to let her build some more and I knew I could take advantage of it. "How bad do you want it?" I asked.

"Please let me cum again. Please stop teasing me. I'll do whatever you want."

I knew I had her and I knew I was going to take this to the level I wanted. "Then beg for my cum. Tell me how much you want my cum. Tell me you want to taste my cum."

The response was not what I expected and was more than I could hope. She was clearly going over the edge in a very intense orgasm. She looked me in the eyes and as she was orgasming and yelled out, "I want to taste your cum. I can't wait to swallow your big load. Make me your cum slut. Make me swallow your load."

This sent me over the edge and I barely made it, but I pulled out in just enough time to slide my dick inside of her still red lips before I unloaded. Spurt after spurt seemed to empty from my aching balls and while she gagged a tad, she didn't pull out. In fact she continued to suck and swallow and finally said, "I want to make sure I swallow every drop of your hot load." I looked her in the eyes and she closed them one last time around my cock before pulling it out, giving it a slight kiss and then winking up at me. I looked down at her bald pussy and it was still clenching and dripping. 

As I proceeded to get off of this beautiful woman, her husband cleared his throat and announced, "OK, that is enough, head to your room." I didn't even acknowledge his dismissal. I gave Carmon one last kiss and she sighed as I got up from the bed, gathered my cloths and headed down the hallway. I didn't know what else was going to happened, but I was glad I pushed the envelope like I did. Hey, if she didn't want to do it, she wouldn't have.

Fortunately my room had a TV and access to a private bathroom. I showered and watched a little TV. I questioned whether I should go, but figured that if they wanted me to leave they would kick me out. So, still a little tipsy from the alcohol and the incredible fuck, I drifted off to sleep. 

I was awakened at what I can only guess was about 2 am. Carmon had climbed into bed with me and was basically spooning me. She was kissing my neck and rubbing my cock through my shorts. I turned around to face her and she had a really big smile on her face. I looked at her for information, not wanting to come out and ask for it. She said, "You were perfect! Everything. That part where you made me swallow your cum really pissed him off – especially when I begged for it."

"Pissed him off?" I asked. "He didn't get violent or anything did he?"

"No," she replied, "but if I am going to go down on my friend I am going to make damn sure he has to pay for it. He was so jealous that he made me give him a blowjob. I haven't swallowed cum in 20 years and that is two loads I swallowed in about an hour." She gave me a devious smile and said, "Don't worry, I brushed my teeth."

"Well, what are you doing in here then?" I was concerned because the big ground rule was that it was a threesome.

"It's like this," Carmen replied. "I only get this opportunity until 11 am and Tom is sound asleep. While I enjoyed the show we put on, I haven't made love to another man in over 20 years. I really want to make love to you without and audience. I need to know how beautiful I am – how desirable I am. If you make love to me right now, I will make it worth your while tomorrow morning?"

While I really hadn't thought about this scenario at all, who was I to complain? Here was a very beautiful woman who wanted to be with me. Something my wife had not wanted for a number of years. Upon further examining the situation, I could see that she was in a white –almost virginally white – teddy. I nodded my approval and was floored when she climbed on top of me and started to kiss my face and chest. She even worked her way down and warmed me up with a little head before she climbed on top of me and slid her pussy around my cock. If it was possible, it was wetter than before, for she had the combo of horniness and passion that women really needed to make love. It was incredible watching her face in the soft light, and suckling her breasts as she pulled me towards her. I could tell that she was aching to orgasm but she looked at me and said, "I want to cum with you. I want you to cum inside me as I cum." It didn't take me long from that point as she kissed me and thrust on me, I felt wave after wave of fluid empty into her. I rolled her over on her back and proceeded to kiss and penetrate her as my cock went flaccid. Unlike before, neither of us rushed out of the room and I drifted off to sleep with her in my arms.

It was 8 am or so when I heard a knock on the door. I got up and was shocked to see that it was Tom. He looked at me and I realized that I never put shorts back on after making love to Carmen. Tom simply said, "Breakfast is being delivered. Put some pants on and join us on the balcony."
