 After that first meeting, I now wanted to repeat the experience. We met once more and talked about it. I knew we were both feeling the same way and we were now also more comfortable with each other. Thus we both knew that we would do it again.

On the next Saturday night around midnight I visited the park again, wishing I would meet him once more. I went to the same spot where we met twice before but could not see him. However, I could hear some noise and I slowly and silently tried to locate the source. I found a couple making love. In fact it was that same couple we talked about three weeks before and which got us so excited.

The guy is standing up with his pants at his ankles and the girl is almost naked with only her panties on. She is on her knees in front of him, sucking him.

The spot where I am standing is not ideal, I have a tree partly blocking my view and I risk being spotted by someone walking along. So I begin to look around for a better spot and while approaching where I want to go, I notice my new friend discreetly waving at me to join him.

When I join him, I notice that his pants are already down to his ankles and he his masturbating himself. This new spot is excellent, we can see the couple very well but still, the bushes keep us hidden from view from any bystander. I immediately do the same as my friend, I let my pants drop to the ground and begin masturbating myself. Soon my cock is in the same state as my friend's own; warm and hard.

I watch the couple in front of us; she's sucking him and obviously she knows how to do it and he loves it. I can also see her ample breasts swaying with her movements on his cock. God! How I wish I was in his place.

As I am thinking about how much I would love to be sucked, I feel a hand pushing mine from my cock. I look down and my friend is now nude and on his knees in front of me; he is holding his hard cock in his right hand and takes mine in his left hand. He immediately begins to stroke me. Our eyes meet and he opens his mouth, bends forward, licks my cock head before opening wider as he begins to suck me. Our eyes still locked together as he moves up and down on my cock. 

I moan in pleasure. It is so great, the feeling of being sucked while watching that beautiful girl sucking her boyfriend in front of us. Then I see the guy pushing his girlfriend, he removes completely his clothes while the girl sits on the grass and watches him. He then go down, remove her panties and crawl between her open legs. His mouth goes directly to her pussy.

As they had moved, my point of view is now not as good as it was. Also, I am so excited already. I remove my shirt and my friend helps me to remove my pants and shoes and soon we are naked and in a 69 position; me being on top of him. I take his ass cheeks in my hands and lick his hard cock before taking it in my mouth. It's so great to feel his warm and hard cock in my mouth again, to taste him again.

Soon we are in our own world and think only about giving each other's pleasures and excitements. We must have made some noise because I suddenly feel a presence. I look around and see the couple standing near us and watching us.

I panic and try to find my clothes. My friend does the same. The girl laughs as I try to cover myself with my friend t-shirt and he find my pants to cover himself. She told us that we were exciting to watch and that we shall continue. I am not sure what to do and my friend, while less shy than me, do not move either. The girl then go down in front of her boyfriend and begin stroking and licking his cock. She turns back toward us and encourages us to do the same.

My friend is the first to react and moves in front of me, he pushes my hands and begins to suck me again. In front of my eyes I can see his cock getting hard again, glistening with my saliva and his pre-cum juice. 

We are now on our sides on the ground as I move forward and begin to suck him too.

The way we are positioned on the ground, I have my back to the couple, I cannot see them but I can hear her cheer us and I hear also her slurping sounds as she sucks loudly on his cock.

I also begin to make slurping sounds as I suck, letting the saliva run down on his cock. We all can feel the excitement mounting in the air. We make our own sucking sounds and we can clearly hear them too. It's difficult to think about anything but my own excitement and that of my friend who starts to move faster in my mouth.

Then, suddenly, I feel a hand on my shoulder pulling me back. My friend's cock escapes from my mouth and I see the girl get over me and, after saying a few words I do not understand, she takes his cock into her mouth and begins sucking him.

I find myself underside her with her breasts right in my face.

I move a bit to breathe better and I see the guy crouching behind the girl; I can see him take her doggy style while she still sucks my friend.

My friend who had to see what was happening now sucks with even more vigour while I lick and stroke the breasts of the girl above me and while she is taking my friend's cock deeper and deeper and while her boyfriend is behind her and fucks her with abandon.

The girl's breasts are soft and yet firm, warm and shiny from my saliva. Her nipples hard from excitement. I just can't resist enjoying it all while sucking and gently biting on her erect nipples and kneading on her ample breasts.

I stretch my hand toward the girl's pussy and I'm surprised to find that she is shaved smooth, I had not noticed before.

Soon my fingers find the bump of her clitoris and I begin to gently stroke it. I can feel the cock of her boyfriend going in and out of her cunt, so close that once his testicles even hit my fingers.

Then she arches her back and shouts loudly as she reaches orgasm before returning to my friend's cock that explodes immediately in her mouth.

While he is cumming in her mouth, he not only stopped sucking on my own cock, but he has tightened his grip on it and he is clamping it tight in his hand. As soon as he finishes cumming and releases the pressure on my cock, I am so excited that I cum in several jets right on his face. All the while I hear the girl's boyfriend cum deep inside her pussy.

The girl crawls forward to go lick my juice from my friend's face and in so making; her boyfriend's cock pops out of her cunt. In fact, I received it right on the forehead. I move slightly and see his shiny cock standing right before me, glistening with hers and his juices. I barely have time to give a few licks before he withdraw from my mouth.

Now the girl is in front of me, her legs apart and her smooth pussy in full view with her lips all red and swollen. Some of her friend's cum begins to run out from her vagina.

What an incredible sight!

I tilt forward and am able to taste a bit of her cream pie while she finishes licking my sperm from the face of my friend.

The guy then said something and the girl stand up immediately and they left us. My friend and I were exhausted and flabbergasted.

A few moments later, after recovering our minds, we slowly gathered our clothes and put them back on before leaving the park, almost without speaking to each other.