 I met this lovely lady named Jane while having coffee. We were both out on business trips staying at a pretty nice hotel. She was having coffee and toast and what was left of a poached egg. It was about seven in the morning, I sat at a table next to her and had coffee and a breakfast steak, two eggs over easy, hash browns, toast with real butter and black berry preserves and an orange juice. All the smells were wonderful in the restaurant. We were sitting there just eating and checking each other out. Our eyes met several times and we smiled at one another. She had long brown hair and dark brown eyes, looked like she couldn't weigh over 115 pounds, 5'3" or 4" but she was a sweetie. She was doing some work on her laptop as I was too. I could see a rock on her finger, so I kinda lost hope that she might like to play.

We both left after eating breakfast. I finished a long day and walked into the elevator and there she was too, just getting off work. She stepped into the elevator with me and we were both going to the same floor! We found we were next door neighbors. Jane introduced herself and I did likewise.

She asked how much I knew about laptops and invited me in her room so I might be able to help her out. In just a little while I found she had a bad wire connected to her computer, and I had the same type wire so I offered her mine, for that evening anyway. I wanted no more to do with computers that night. I was tired of looking at a screen! She looked so nice wearing a business suit, I loved the way her hair looked and she had taken off her jacket while I was checking out her computer.

Her breasts caught my eye right off. She knew I was looking at her body and she smiled as we seemed to have an attraction to one another, we got along really well, like we were in tune to one another. I thought. "Yessss, there's hope!" She double checked with me wanting to make sure I didn't need my computer that night. I assured her I didn't. She suggested that maybe we could go downstairs later and have dinner later? I said. "I'm ready whenever you want me!"

She smiled and said. "About sevenish then." I nodded agreeing with her.

I went on over to my room closing the door, thinking this was interesting, Maybe this could turn out to be a good trip. I walked over to the bedside taking off my clothes, so I could take a nice shower. After getting the water just right, I walked in thinking about Jane's body and the way she acted she seemed so nice to be with, just agreeable. The more I thought about her and pictured her in my mind, I found my hands stroking my long cock, the soap was so slippery, it felt great! Closing my eyes seeing Jane right there in my mind. Wishing I could have her even for just one night, I just knew we could share our feelings and our lust.

What I felt we must both have built up in us. Both looking for something a little extra or special. Think of it as a kind of reward, for all our hard work. I could tell by the look in her eyes, she wanted me, but she didn't know how to ask. I have those same feelings but I'm kinda shy too. I didn't jackoff in the shower and cum, I just had a hard-on for an hour just thinking about her, even after my shower. I laid on the bed slowly stroking myself, pretending it was her soft touch, it was a nice time. Closing my eyes and just picturing Jane in my mind. I always enjoyed having a hardon anyway. I wanted her so much, but I knew it was a slim chance, her being married and all.

Then a soft knock on my door! It was only six o'clock! I jumped up. Not really knowing what to do, I grabbed my bath towel and said. "Who is it?"

Jane said, "It's me, handsome."

I could sure tell her voice even on the other side of the door! There I was with a monster hardon! I wrapped that towel around my waist and went and cracked the door open and asked, "What is it Jane?"

She said, "I can't get any work done! I was thinking about you!"

"Well I'm not dressed." I tried telling her. She pushed the door open walking in saying. "What are you doing?" She looked down seeing my cock pushing the towel way out! She looked in my eyes smiling saying. "I hope that's all from thinking about little ol' me?" I was red from embarrassment, not like me at all! But she came in so unexpectedly. She walked up and hugged me, my cock pushing into her tummy. She was just wearing a silk robe and looked great! Her hair was damp from a shower she just took. I placed one hand in the small of her back and the other running my fingers through her hair, gently holding the back of her head as I kissed her. It was the longest most passionate kiss I can remember giving any woman.

We fit together so well, not feeling any awkwardness between us, even with our first kiss, feeling our lust. I kissed her all down her neck, she placed her hands on the side of my head, holding me to her. Her robe was falling open. So I picked her beautiful body up in my arms carrying her to my bed. I'm this big cowboy kinda guy with a great smile. I have blue eyes and blonde hair. I'm six two and weigh two hundred and eight pounds. I laid her down, my towel falling to the floor. I continued kissing her neck softly biting and licking my way to her shapely breasts. I sucked on her right nipple, rolling it between my teeth, biting her ever so gently. My left hand was feeling the firmness of her other breast, and I softly pinched her nipple between my fingers. She was squirming from the attention I was giving her breasts, soon her nipples were all shiny and wet from my licking and sucking.

She said. "Dave, I'm so sensitive there." Her nipples were so hard, I loved the feeling of having them in my mouth and to hear her moan in pleasure. So I lifted her up smiling at her pretty face her eyes almost glassy. She was saying, "Take me, love me, make me be the woman you want." I helped her out of her robe setting it out of our way. I rolled her over on her tummy, kissing her back all over, running my tongue all the way down her spine licking all the way through her ass crack continuing down her body kissing and licking the insides of her legs, biting on those tendons behind her knees licking all that soft skin there, hearing her moaning with the pleasure I'm giving her.

I continue on down, licking and kissing her calves, biting her heels, licking the slow curves on the insides of her feet. I slowly sucked all her toes one after another then back over them all again, her toes curling all the while. I kept my hands busy too, massaging her strong calves. I could tell she was in real good shape. She would need to be if she was going to let me make love to her. I got up on my knees on the floor, and pulled Jane up so she was on her hands and knees, her pussy was right in my face. I had spread her legs and my long tongue was taking long slow licks over her sweet soft pussy. My fingers opening her, other fingers probing, finding that nice rosebud clit of hers, my fingers danced around and around it. I could hear her crying out so softly. her body just shook there for several minutes and soon there were tiny droplets of her juices dripping from her pubic hairs, my tongue was busy retrieving them all, her womanly scent and her taste was so arousing to me my fingers played in her.

I kissed it licked her pussy making her so wet and so ready. I longed for the time to slide my long cock deep in her. I took my time gently rubbing her clitoris and driving her wild. She felt my big hands spreading her legs apart even more, licking deeper into her. I heard her moaning softly. "Ohhh Pleazzzze, oh, oh my God!" After a time I get her turned around sitting on the side of the bed and I stood up in front of her. I softly massaged her perfect breasts, rolling and pinching her tender nipples, my fingers still dripping wet from that wonderful pussy of hers.

I admire this new lovely woman in my life, exploring her body and the softness of her skin, the scent and taste of her body as I lean down kissing her warm lips, smelling her clean damp hair. I sucked in her bottom lip. She reached out holding my hardened long cock in both her hands. She warned me again how sensitive her breasts were but I loved to feel them caress them and softly pinch at the nipples but she almost acted like she was in pain. So I ran my hands up her chest and her neck sliding my fingers though her hair, gently holding her head and I passionately kiss her mouth.

Her tongue searched my mouth, her warm breath sounded so good, she sounded so horny! I planned to give her what she wanted and more. I ran my hands down her smooth back, gently pulling her closer to my cock. I could feel her fingers gliding up and down it's length, feeling her hot breath flowing over it, she began to slowly kiss it and I could feel her wet tongue washing the head as she tasted my precum. I massaged her back and neck, which she seemed to be really enjoying, her body felt so good to me, just being with someone the first time like this was exciting, we slowly explored one another, I could feel her lips engulfing me. I could tell she knew exactly what she was doing.

I thought of how lucky her husband is to have someone like her to live and sleep with. What a fine woman! Yes, we were both married and we talked of our families and kids later but for this time we wanted just something for us and to forget about other things for a time, to share a different kind of love just between us, something brief and memorable, something we can both keep back in our minds, something to think about for those quiet times in the future. Jane sucked on my cock, as I thought about those things, I knew she was game for anything I wanted, I could have easily came in her mouth as she was sucking me to full term. But I had her stop and I laid her down on the sheets, kissing her lips and working my way in between her legs, she opened her legs wide for me, she took hold of my cock and helped guide it right where she wanted it. I worked the head in her wet pussy, she was straining and moaning, but I continued into her, her fingernails raked my back as I kept going deeper in her, finally our tummy's cozied together and I just laid over her petite body.

Being a foot taller than Jane she sucked and bit at my nipples. She said. "You're a lot bigger than my husband, but I like this!" I loved the way she felt for sure. After I felt her pussy walls had got used to my cock, I started sliding my cock in and out real slow like, her snug pussy felt fantastic! She let out the nicest moans wrapping her legs around my hips, she held me tight as I released the animal in me. I fucked her hard and long. After twenty minutes, she asked me if she could get on top saying. "I'm so glad your not a minute man and I hope you can last another twenty minutes." I grinned at her saying. "I would do my very best little lady!" I held onto her and rolled us both over, she laughed at how I could just fling her around. She said she loved being with such a strong man.

Laying there watching her work up and down on my cock, she was the best! Jane's pussy seemed to almost suck my cock as she worked herself up and down my length. I watched her slaving away on me as she had orgasm after orgasm. During one of her longest ones, I held her hips pulling her down tight to me. She yelled out. "Ohhhh. Yesss, yes!" I could tell she liked being on top! She was throwing her head back as she felt me cumming so many spurts of my warm cum going up in her body. She had strong legs and hips but I bucked her like she hadn't been, probably never. I came and came bucking her up and down. She laughed out loud saying. "I'm a cowgirl now! Yahoo!" She knew what she wanted. She softly laid down on my chest, she was worn out. Feeling my cock deep in her we just stayed there and I caressed her back softly squeezing her buttocks and my big hands pulled her close to me, our pubic hairs all tangled together. I loved having my cock buried deep in her, she was so fine. I stayed hard, I wanted this time to never end.

After a time I asked her. "Hey Darlin' How do you feel about going down to dinner?" She was softly snoring. What a sweetheart. What memories.