 How was I to say no? I had just fucked a woman who had wanted me since high school on top of a table in a restaurant. Now I have this cute blonde, who watched the whole thing, telling me she wants to join us when she gets off work. I was just about to tell her we would wait when we were interrupted.

"What is going on back here? I thought I heard somebody scream."

It was the manager. Apparently, Kristy and I had caused more noise than I can remember us making and we drew the attention of the manager.

"My apologies I just 'shocked' Kristy and she screamed."

"It didn't sound like that to me. In fact, I am going to have to ask you two to leave."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes."

We were being kicked out because Kristy screamed. If he had come back just a minute earlier, he would have caught sight of my dick slipping out of Kristy's pussy. As it was I had just rezipped my jeans and Kristy had just gotten off the table when he walked in. I paid Amber for the check and we agreed to wait outside while she went to clock out and get her stuff. Once Amber joined us, the three of us went back to my apartment.

Scene 3: My apartment was only a few blocks away from the restaurant. The three of us arrived there in a matter of minutes. Amber wanted to take a quick shower and clean up from working earlier. I told her to go ahead that I was going to make Kristy and me a couple of drinks. Amber headed to the shower, while Kristy turned on my CD player and began looking through my CDs.

"Have you ever been with another woman before?" I asked Kristy.

"I experimented once a couple of years before."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Yes, it was fun."

"Why didn't you further your experience?"

"Because, I love dick more than pussy."

"Will you be comfortable sharing me with Amber?"

"Who said anything about sharing? Amber and I may not even let you join us."

What was she talking about not letting me join them? The way I see it if two chicks come back to my house then they must know I will be joining them. It is not right to lead a horse to water then not allow him to quench his thirst. On the other hand, it might be nice to watch two women get each other off. Either way I could hardly wait.

Kristy needed to use the bathroom but Amber had locked the door behind her. I let her know that there was another bathroom through the master bedroom. Kristy had just disappeared through the bedroom door when I heard Amber struggling to open her door.

I went to help and I opened the door to find Amber standing there naked. Unable to control myself I pulled her to me and gave her a deep kiss. Amber broke the kiss asking where Kristy was. I explained that she went to use the bathroom in my bedroom, but should be out to join us in a minute. Apparently, this was just what Amber wanted to hear. Her smile practically split her face. I noticed Amber was sporting dimples. I always liked a woman with dimples. It gives me something to aim for when the girl likes facials.

"Would you like something to drink?" I asked.

"Sure." 

While making her drink, I took a few moments to look her over. Amber was a stunning blonde with shoulder length curls. She stood just 5 feet tall and probably weighed 130 pounds soaking wet. Her breasts had to be a c-cup. Her hands were so small I could not wait to see them holding my dick. Maybe it will look bigger. 

I was handing Amber her drink when Kristy walked out of my bedroom just as naked. It was the first time I had seen her totally naked. I definitely liked what I saw. Most men have an idea of what a trophy wife would look like. Mine had just walked out of my bedroom. I knew right then that I would do whatever it takes to make Kristy mine.

Noticing Amber, Kristy made her way towards her. Amber was just as speechless as I was. Kristy walked right up to Amber and gently put her arms around Amber's neck in a loving embrace. These two ladies started to slowly sway together as though they were dancing. I couldn't help but notice that the sharp contrast between them only made it more erotic. I moved over to the bar, watching as these two women soon began to kiss each other passionately. I could feel my cock stirring again just watching them kiss. As the only one still with clothes on, I did the only thing I could think of I began to undress.

Once I was as naked as they were, I suggested that we take the party into the bedroom. 

Upon moving to the bedroom, Kristy and Amber made a beeline for the bed. Amber lay down on her back and Kristy lowered her head between her legs. From my angle, I could not see what was happening, but from the noises and Amber's moans, I new Kristy was attacking Amber's pussy with all she was worth. It did not take long before Amber began screaming that she was Cumming. Amber arched her back, grabbed the back of Kristy's head, and ground her pussy onto Kristy's mouth while she began to squirt this clear liquid all over Kristy's face. Kristy continued licking and sucking on Amber's clit until Amber begged her to stop. While Amber was recovering, Kristy went and cleaned her face in my bathroom. 

Once she returned, I joined the two women on my bed. Noticing my rock hard cock within inches of their faces it did not take long before both of these beauties were working my dick. Kristy was sucking and cleaning my balls from our earlier time together, while Amber was polishing my knob and cleaning my shaft. Occasionally they would switch positions and Amber would start sucking my balls while Kristy would move up to my rod. Every time they would pass, they would kiss one another with my shaft between all four of their lips and their tongues swishing against each other's tongue and my shaft. In almost no time, I was ready to blow my load. Without warning them, I began to shoot string after string of thick cum all over both of their faces.

I needed some time to recuperate, but the girls were just getting started. With cum dripping off their faces, they began to lick it off each other. It did not take them long until they had moved into a 69 with Amber on top of Kristy. Watching and listening to them eating each other out gave me another instant erection. Kristy, not having had an orgasm yet, was the first one to start Cumming. Having already fucked Kristy earlier that night, I decided to help her get Amber off. I positioned myself straddling Kristy's head. I lined myself up with Amber's steaming hole, and with one thrust, I embedded my penis deep inside Amber. Amber let out a long moan, and began to beg me to Fuck her nice and hard. Kristy continued to lick both Amber's clit and my balls at the same time. With the double stimulation, it did not take long until Amber began to buck with the onset of her second orgasm. Her pussy grabbed a hold of my dick, as she began to spasm. This warm clear liquid began to ooze out between my penis and her vagina. Kristy was right there to lick it all up.

I figured Amber would need a few minutes to recover, but I was wrong. Amber continued to Fuck me begging me to fill her with my cum. I was happy to oblige. After several deep thrusts, I grabbed her around the waist, sank my cock deep into her, and shot my third load of the night. As my dick went limp, I began to pull out of Amber. Once I was fully out, Kristy replaced my penis at the entrance to Amber's hole with her mouth and began to suck my cum out of her. Once she was finished, both girls came and gave me a huge kiss. 

Having cum three times during that evening, I was spent. I let the girls know that they were more than welcome to stay the night. They both just smiled and snuggled close to me one on either side. It had been a fun and enjoyable night. Unable to help myself I fell into a deep sleep almost as soon as my head touched my pillow.

I awoke the next morning to an empty bed. I began to think that it might have all been a dream when I noticed the sound of my shower running. I got out of bed, went into the bathroom, and saw Amber taking a shower. I started to wonder where Kristy was, when I felt her hands encircle my chest and kiss me on my neck.

"Well good morning, sleepy-head, did you sleep well?" Kristy asked.

"After last night, it was the best sleep I have had in a long time." I replied. "How long have you two been up?" I asked.

"Long enough to have discussed what happened last night and to plan on what is going to happen today."

"Oh, and what is going to happen today?"

"Well why don't we join Amber in the shower so she we can show you what we planned."

How was I to say no? After pulling Kristy close and giving her a huge kiss, we wasted no time in joining Amber in the shower. But that is another story. 

To be continued...