 Lady Anna used her leather-clad hand to wag her big, fake cock at Bella and Melissa. Dana lay on the couch, breathing heavily and trying to recover from the explosive orgasm that Lady Anna had given her.

"So," Lady Anna said as she took another drag from her long cigarette holder, "who's next?"

Melissa barely heard the question; she was so taken by the sight before her that she couldn't have responded if she wanted. Lady Anna was quite a sight, sitting there and smoking while she gently rubbed the nine inch dildo that protruded from her pussy. The big red cock contrasted perfectly with her black, sheer body suit. Her large round areolas could be easily seen through the material and her nipples were hard and straining on the fabric. She shook her head, throwing her wavy red hair over one shoulder.

It was Bella who responded. The little brunette crawled over on her knees in front of Lady Anna and took the dildo into her mouth. Her tight brown curls bounced as she bobbed her head up and down on the cock. After a minute, she stopped and replaced her mouth with a hand. She stroked the big cock as she looked up at the redhead. "I want to see you fuck Melissa next, Lady Anna," Bella said. "I want to see her take this big cock."

Lady Anna arched an eyebrow at the hot little brunette. "Oh, really?" She took a final drag off her cigarette and put the holder down into the ashtray on the table in front of her. She turned to Melissa, who still kneeled on the floor in front of Dana. "What about you, slut? Do you want me to fuck you good and hard like I did to Dana?"

Melissa, having already cum once that night, got wet again at the suggestion. "You know I do, Lady Anna," she answered.

Lady Anna smiled again, but said nothing. She grabbed Bella's short hair and drove her mouth back down onto the dildo. She kept her hand on Bella's head, guiding the girl as she went to town on the cock. Melissa slid over toward them, wanting in on the action.

Lady Anna saw this and let out a brief laugh. "You know what they say," she said as she pulled Bella from her cock, pulled her to her feet, and threw her down on the couch beside Dana. "It's good to want."

Lady Anna pushed Bella's legs as wide apart as they would go and lowered her smiling face down to the girl's pussy. Keeping her gloved hands on Bella's thighs, she slid her tongue into the folds of the smaller girl's pussy. Bella sighed delightedly as Lady Anna began to slide her tongue up and down her slit.

Dana leaned over to Melissa. "Don't worry," she whispered, "you'll get your turn, I'm sure." The blonde smiled at her and placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. She pulled Melissa in and kissed her passionately. 

Lady Anna now had a finger inside Bella's tight little hole and was rubbing her other hand over the top of her pussy. When Bella's clit began to swell out from under its hood, Lady Anna dove down at it like a woman possessed. She sucked the little nub into her mouth while she continued to bang her finger into Bella's pussy.

"Ohhhhh, yeah," Bella moaned. "So I guess I'm next, Lady Anna."

The dominating redhead's mouth came free of her pussy. "Are you ready for it, you naughty little girl?" she asked.

Bella nodded. "You've got me so wet, Lady Anna," the brunette replied. "I can't wait for it anymore. Can I have it now, please?"

Lady Anna stood and grabbed the brunette's ankles, pushing them down by her shoulders. She rubbed the big dildo up and down Bella's pussy, teasing her. "Is this what you want, slut?"

Bella nodded frantically. "Stop teasing me, Lady Anna," she squealed in frustration, "I need you to fuck me!"

Dana and Melissa broke off their kiss so they could watch as Lady Anna got ready to fuck Bella. Still pinning the girl's legs back into the couch with her gloved hands, she pulled her own waist back and lined the red dildo up with Bella's pussy. She tossed her head to the side and looked at Dana and Melissa as they watched eagerly. Her lips curled into that sinister smile that Melissa was beginning to recognize. She drove her hips forward with one strong thrust.

Her cock slammed into Bella's pussy and slid in about three inches. "OH MY GOD!" the Brunette cried out in surprise. 

Dana whispered to Melissa again. "Bella is so tight, she hasn't been able to take the whole thing yet. Lady Anna usually fucks her with a smaller dildo." The blonde sat up and leaned forward for a better look. Her hand slid between her legs to play with her recently fucked pussy.

Lady Anna pushed the cock two more inches into Bella. "AAHHHH! OH, YEAH!" Bella cried. "GIVE IT TO ME!"

Lady Anna pulled the dildo back and then drove it back in, this time getting about six inches into the writhing girl. She began to stroke it in and out at that depth, trying to loosen Bella up for the whole thing. "You like that, Bella?" 

Bella was rubbing her perky little tits with both hands, her legs still pushed back almost behind her shoulders. "I love it, I love it, I love it," she said over and over. One hand drifted from her chest down to play with her protruding clit. "I love it, I love it, I love it." 

Melissa's hand wandered down her body to her own pussy and she began to rub the wet folds vigorously. It had been some time since her orgasm, and she was dying for another. She almost couldn't bear to keep watching what was going on.

Lady Anna had the cock about seven inches into Bella's pussy, but couldn't seem to get the last two inches in. A look of frustration painted her face, so different from her usual commanding appearance. 

"It's too big," Bella sighed, "I can't....."

Lady Anna cut her off. "Shut up, slut!" she said and pulled the cock out of the brunette. Lady Anna lay back down on the floor, the cock rising straight up into the air. "Straddle me!" she commanded.

It took Bella a moment to rise, but she got down on the floor and did as she was told. Reaching beneath her pussy, she grasped the big red dildo and guided it into her. "Oh, God!" The huge thing slid in about four inches. Bella let go of the monster cock and began to bounce up and down on it. Her hands reached down and began to fondle Lady Anna's perfect tits.

Lady Anna smiled up at the girl. "Yeah, baby, ride that cock." Reaching forward, she grabbed Bella's hips and began to pull her onto the cock. It still would only slide in about six inches. From the floor, she looked up at Dana. "How about a little help, Dana?"

The blonde stopped playing with her pussy and stood up. She placed a hand on either of Bella's shoulders and began to push down. 

Slowly, the big dildo began to slip further into Bella's tight hole. Between Dana pushing and Lady Anna pulling, they almost had the whole thing into her. "OOHHHHHH! YES, YES, YES!" Bella cried out. "I WANT IT ALL! FUCK ME!"

Melissa stepped forward and lent a hand, too. She stood behind Dana, reached around her, and placed her own hands next to the blonde's on Bella's slender shoulders. Dana turned, her face right in Melissa's, and the two resumed their kissing as they pushed Bella down onto Lady Anna's cock.

The last bit slid in. "OH, YEAH! OH, FUCK YEAH!" Bella screamed. "It's all the way in!"

Lady Anna, her hands still on Bella's hips, started to rock the girl back and forth. "Ride that cock, Bella, you fucking slut," she said.

Bella began to bounce up and down on the shaft, moaning wantonly. Now that her pussy had accepted the whole dildo, she slid up and down on it easily.

With no need for further pushing, Dana and Melissa took their hands from Bella's shoulders. From behind, Melissa reached up and took one of the blonde's huge tits in her hand. Her other hand went down to Dana's shaven pussy and began to rub it slowly. Her lips were still swollen from the fucking that Lady Anna had given her, so Melissa was gentle. "Oh, Melissa," Dana cooed.

Bella put her heeled boots down on the floor, raising herself up to a squatting position. She drove her hips downward onto the cock rapidly. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

Lady Anna looked up at the two other girls. Melissa now had two fingers stroking in and out of Dana's dripping pussy and was pinching one of her nipples with her other hand. 

"Now, now," Lady Anna said to them, her hands now on Bella's thighs pulling the brunette down onto the dildo. "I don't think I gave you girls permission to please each other..."

Dana pulled from Melissa's grasp and knelt down beside Lady Anna as Bella continued to ride her. "I'm sorry, Lady Anna," the blonde said sheepishly.

Lady Anna gestured to the table. "I desire a cigarette, slut. Fetch one for me."

Dana scrambled to the coffee table and grabbed the pack of cigarettes. She took one out and inserted it into the foot and a half long cigarette holder. She handed this to Lady Anna who placed the tip to her lips and held it out. Bella groaned as she continued to slide up and down Lady Anna's cock. Dana held the lighter out and lit the cigarette for Lady Anna.

The redhead beckoned Dana down toward her. Dana leaned in and they kissed, Lady Anna breathing the smoke into the blonde's mouth. After breaking the kiss, Dana turned to Bella and exhaled the smoke toward the slim brunette. "Oh, yeah," Bella said, still riding away, her hips slamming down to engulf the whole dildo inside her pussy. "That is so fucking hot!"

Lady Anna beckoned again and Dana leaned in once more. The redhead whispered something to her and she nodded and rose to her feet. The blonde bombshell walked over to the stairs and went up without another word. Lady Anna eyed Melissa as she took another drag from her cigarette holder. She then held it up for Bella, who wrapped her full lips around the tip and inhaled deeply. She exhaled a huge cloud and seemed to increase her efforts, bouncing wildly on Lady Anna's cock.

"UH! THAT'S IT! YEAH, BABY! YOU ARE FUCKING ME SO GOOD, LADY ANNA!" Bella's thin frame was now covered in sweat from her exertion. "GOD, I AM RIDING YOUR COCK! I LOVE RIDING YOUR COCK! GIVE IT TO ME!"

Enthralled, Melissa sat down on the couch beside the two. She took a cigarette from the pack on the table and lit it, inhaling deeply. Lady Anna smiled up at her from the floor. Melissa leaned back into a lounging position and spread her legs for Lady Anna to see her dripping pussy. She was so wet that it was easy to slide two of the fingers of her free hand into her pussy. She stroked in and out, finger-fucking herself while she watched Bella riding Lady Anna's cock.

Lady Anna's smile widened. "Ooooo," she said in a hush, "I found us a nasty little girl, didn't I Isabel?"

Bella turned to look at Melissa without stopping and nodded frantically. "Yeah," she said in between deep breaths. "She's so...OH GOD....fucking hot! OH YEAH!"

Lady Anna suddenly grabbed the slim brunette by the hips and lifted herself and Bella from the floor. Without taking the dildo out of Bella, the redhead threw the girl down onto the couch beside Melissa. Bella squealed in delight. Lady Anna then began to slam away at the girl's now fully stretched cunt.

"FUCK ME! GIVE IT TO ME HARD!" Bella cried out.

Lady Anna really went to town on the girl. Melissa hoped she would have her turn; the thought of Lady Anna slamming that big red cock into her made her start to finger herself furiously.

Melissa caught movement from the stairs and saw Dana returning from the room above. In her hand she held what appeared to be another dildo, almost identical to the one Lady Anna had on. Seeing it in Dana's hand, Melissa realized how the strapless thing worked. The shaft stuck out from one end of a curved strip of plastic. Opposite the side of the cock, there was a smaller dildo that would slide into the wearer. A few inches behind that was a thick knob of plastic that she assumed went into the wearer's ass. Once in place, it would stay in place.

Lady Anna followed Melissa's gaze and saw Dana return. "Good girl," she said without even slowing down; Bella was now moaning beneath her like an animal. "Have Melissa help you put it on, Dana."

Dana's eyes met Melissa's and the blonde smiled. "Yes, Lady Anna."

With no room on the love seat, Dana sat down on the couch and beckoned her over. Melissa pulled her fingers from her pussy and put her cigarette out in the ashtray on the table. She sidled up next to Dana on the couch, immediately groping one of the girl's fantastic tits. Dana cooed her appreciation.

The blonde held the knob portion of the dildo up to Melissa's lips. Without hesitating, she took it into her mouth and started licking and sucking at it. Dana smiled as she watched Melissa lube the toy up for her. After a few moments, she pulled it away and moved the inside shaft to Melissa's eager mouth. The inner dildo was about six inches long and slimmer than the outside cock. Melissa slid her lips around it and worked it like she was giving a blow job.

Meanwhile, Lady Anna continued to relentlessly pound away at Bella's tight pussy. The girl was now coated in sweat and her short curls were sticking to her forehead and cheeks. Her lips were pulled back in a feral snarl and she was screaming at the top of her lungs. "I LOVE IT! I LOVE YOUR COCK, LADY ANNA! FUCK ME, FUCK ME, OH, GOD, FUCK ME!"

"You like that, you little fuck-toy?" Lady Anna asked from around the tip of her cigarette holder. "Yeah....you are taking it like a pro!"

The girl seemed on the verge of cumming, so Melissa turned to watch. She continued to lube up the toy for Dana, though, alternating back and forth between the butt-plug and the smaller dildo.

Bella's hands were on Lady Anna's ass, and her nails bit in, actually ripping the sheer black material of the redhead's body suit. "Oh, Lady Anna," she breathed, quieter now. "Keep pounding me like that! You are gonna make me cum!" She pulled at Lady Anna's ass, encouraging the older girl to really give it to her.

Lady Anna stopped briefly and pushed Isabel's legs back again, raising the girl's ass into the air. As she did this, she stepped up onto the love seat and grabbed the back of the cushions. She resumed slamming Bella, only now her thrusts were going almost straight down. "OOOOOH YYEEEEEAAAAHHHHH!" Bella screamed again as Lady Anna used her new position to pile drive the little girl.

"Oh my God!" Dana said as she watched. "She's fucking her so good!" 

Melissa was also in awe of the sight before them, but somehow managed to keep her mouth working on the dildo. The toy was now nice and wet, so she took it from her lips and showed Dana; she was really hoping to get fucked by one of these things. From the way Dana had responded earlier, and the absolute ecstasy Bella was now experiencing, she couldn't wait.

Dana took the toy and then lay down on her back across the couch. Grabbing the backs of her legs, she pulled them to her shoulders, displaying her ass and pussy for Melissa. Seeing this, Melissa decided that maybe the coating of spit she had applied to the dildo wouldn't be enough; she leaned down and began running her tongue over both of Dana's holes. "Yeah, baby," the blonde responded. "Get me good and wet."

Lady Anna was still pumping into Bella on the love seat. The brunette's cries had become unintelligible groans that sounded in rhythm with Lady Anna's powerful thrusts. "Take it Bella! Take it all, you fucking slut!" she shouted in triumph.

Melissa now had Dana good and wet. She straightened and looked to Dana, unsure how to continue. Dana smiled at her. "Put the plug in my ass first, honey."

Melissa complied and pressed the wide head of the knob up against Dana's asshole. It took some twisting and a decent amount of pressure, but she managed to work it all the way in. Once inside, her ass clamped down on the narrower area that connected the plug to the plastic strip and held it in place. "That's it, baby," Dana coached. "Now slide the dildo into my pussy."

The curve of the plastic already had the tip of the inner dildo pressed right at her lips, so it took Melissa little effort to work the slim shaft inside. Dana moaned in pleasure throughout the process. 

Melissa's rapt attention was torn away as Bella seemed to finally have hit her limit. She was screaming again as Lady Anna pounded her even harder.

"OH SHIT! I'M GONNA FUCKING CUM! I'M GONNA.....AHHH! OHH, YEAH! FUCK ME, BABY!"

Lady Anna was rubbing Bella's clit while she kept driving the big fake cock in and out of the upended girl. "Cum for me, Bella! Be a good little slut and cum for me!"

"I AM! OH, LADY ANNA! I'M FUCKING CUMMING! OH! OH! YES, YES, YES! I'M CUMMING SO FUCKING HARD!

Lady Anna pulled the cock free with a grunt and got down off the couch. She kept Bella held upright with her hands, though, and stepped aside to give the other girls a good view. Cum was bubbling from Bella's upraised pussy like a water fountain! It ran down her back and over Lady Anna's hands. "IM FUCKING CUMMING!" Bella screamed one last time.

Melissa nearly came just watching. Dana was giggling beside her and pointing, her other hand covering her mouth in disbelief. "Oh, my God! Look at that!"

Melissa was in absolute awe. "Bella told me you were a squirter," she whispered to Dana, "but she didn't say anything about herself being one."

Dana slowly shook her head, not taking her eyes from the sight before them. "She's not," she whispered back. "I've never seen anything like that!"

As Bella's orgasm began to fade, Lady Anna slowly lowered the girl back to the love seat. Her pussy pumped a few more times, leaving cum on the cushion beneath it.

The dominant redhead turned to the other two girls as Bella vainly tried to catch her breath. The brunette's hands were rubbing her perky little tits as the aftershocks of her orgasm went through her.

Lady Anna took a cigarette from the table and put it in the holder. She inhaled deeply as she lit it and blew out a cloud of smoke. "Whew," she said breathlessly. "Now that's how you do it."

She saw that Dana was wearing the dildo and smiled again as she took another contented drag from her cigarette. She beckoned the girl over and the blonde leaped to respond. Raising her hand, she slid three of her cum-coated fingers into Dana's mouth. The blonde licked and sucked at them greedily.

Looking down at the awestruck Melissa, Lady Anna's smile widened. With one gloved hand holding the cigarette holder to her lips, she reached down and grabbed Dana's cock with the other. She stroked it slowly, sensually. Dana responded by reaching over and doing the same to Lady Anna's.

Melissa just stared at the two women as they eyed her like a piece of meat, stroking each other's big fake cocks.

Through a thick cloud of smoke, Lady Anna asked, "Now, are you ready for yours, little slut?"

To be concluded...