 Melissa sat on the couch and looked up at the two women standing before her. Across the large coffee table that dominated the living room, Bella lay back on the couch breathing heavily. Melissa briefly turned her gaze to the petite brunette; the girl was on her back and her naked form was covered in sweat. She seemed unaware of anything in the apartment and was simply trying to catch her breath. Melissa was amazed by what had just happened to Bella.

"You want some of the same, don't you, Melissa?"

She turned her gaze back to the other two women in the apartment. Lady Anna was smiling at her, one eyebrow arched in expectation of her answer. Melissa's eyes took in Lady Anna's body, covered in a sheer black body suit; she had never seen such a perfect body in her whole life. It was a body built for sin. The gorgeous redhead lifted her leather-clad hand to place the long cigarette holder to her bright red lips and took a deep drag. Her other hand was around the girl next to her, gently caressing her shoulder. Dana was younger than Lady Anna, but nearly as beautiful. Her tits were not quite as big, but still quite full. Lady Anna's fingers played with the end of Dana's shoulder length blonde hair as the younger girl pressed up against her. Dana leaned down and licked Lady Anna's nipple through the body suit, then made her way up to Lady Anna's face and leaned in. Melissa's pussy was throbbing as she watched the two kiss deeply. She had climaxed only once so far this night, though she'd been close on several occasions. Now, she was about ready to burst.

Lady Anna broke off the kiss and placed the tip of the cigarette holder back to her lips. Her green eyes locked onto Melissa. "Well?" she said.

Melissa nodded and sat forward on the couch. "Yes," she said, her voice barely audible. "I want you to fuck me, Lady Anna. Like you did to both of them."

Lady Anna laughed cruelly. "Oh, I don't know if you're quite ready for me yet, toy." The redhead gently pushed Dana toward the couch. "I think I might have Dana warm you up. Then," she paused dramatically and took another drag off the sleek cigarette holder, "we'll see what happens after that."

Melissa was a bit disappointed; after seeing what Lady Anna had done to both Dana and Bella, she had really wanted some of that. But, Dana hadn't been anything but pleasurable in their encounters so far, so her disappointment faded quickly. Especially when she watched the blonde make her way over to the couch. The big red cock that stuck out from her pussy bobbed as she walked. Melissa's eyes locked onto it and she bit her lower lip in anticipation.

Dana looked down at her with an angry look on her face. "Am I not good enough for you, you little slut?" the blonde nearly yelled. She placed her hands on her hips and stared at Melissa.

Fearing that anything she said would be a wrong answer, Melissa said nothing. She just leaned forward and took the cock in her hand and began to stroke it. Having helped Dana get the thing on, she now understood how it worked and knew how to give the wearer pleasure from touching it. She pulled the cock away from Dana's body knowing that the inner dildo would be sliding in and out of her pussy as she did so. The blonde's angry expression faded and her lips parted in a smile. Melissa smiled back and then leaned forward and took the fake cock into her mouth.

Melissa had always liked to give head and began to go to work like never before. She threw her light brown hair over her shoulder and started bobbing her head up and down on the dildo. She knew that the inner dildo would be stimulating Dana's pussy and that the ass-plug that helped hold the thing in place would be stimulating her ass. Soon her saliva coated the entire length of the nine inch cock and its tip was slamming into the back of her throat. She kept herself from gagging and just kept going.

"Suck it, baby," Dana said as she looked down at Melissa. "Oh yeah, suck it just like that."

Lady Anna came up behind Dana, one hand reaching around to fondle the blonde's breasts. "She's good, isn't she?" Lady Anna had discarded her cigarette holder and used her other hand to take hold of the cock and feed it to Melissa.

"So good," Dana replied

"Then reward her," Lady Anna said right into Dana's ear. She paused to lick at the pierced lobes, then continued. "Reward her by fucking her hard."

Dana grabbed Melissa's hair and pulled her from her cock. With a not too gentle tug, she let Melissa know that she wanted her on her feet. Melissa didn't hesitate and stood up in her high heel shoes. Still gripping her by the hair, Dana pulled her face to hers and kissed her. The blonde's tongue jutted into Melissa's mouth and she sucked at it like she had the cock.

After the kiss, Dana spun her around and smacked her ass. Her hand came free of Melissa's hair and went to her tits, which Dana groped roughly. Then she put her other hand on Melissa's back and bent the girl forward onto the arm of the couch.

Lady Anna smiled as she watched and made her way over to sit on the love seat beside the still recovering Bella. She slapped the brunette's ass. "Get up, slut. You're going to miss it."

Bella looked up, confused. "Miss what, Lady Anna?" she asked, her voice a bit coarse from her earlier screaming. Lady Anna pointed across the coffee table to where Dana was grinding into Melissa from behind.

Melissa felt the cock brushing against her outer lips as Dana was writhing behind her. Finally, the blonde took the thing and stroked the shaft up and down her pussy. "Are you ready, you little slut?" Dana asked.

Melissa looked back over her shoulder, tossing her wavy hair as she did so. Her eyes locked onto Dana's pale blue ones. "I want it," she said. "I want you to fucking give it to me!"

"You want it?"

"I want it! Fuck me, Dana." Melissa was practically shouting. Dana kept stroking the cock along her pussy...she couldn't take the teasing any more. "Fuck me hard, you bitch!"

Dana laughed at that. "I'll show you 'bitch'," she said and took hold of Melissa's hips in either hand. With that she pulled back and then thrust forward.

Melissa felt the cock slide into her pussy. She was so wet by then that it happened easily. It was so big, though, bigger than any of the guys she'd been with, and it felt like it just kept going in without stopping. It felt so good! She gasped in delight.

Finally, the dildo started to withdraw. Just when it was about to leave her pussy, Dana slammed it back in again. "OH GOD! OH DANA!" she cried out.

With that Dana didn't let up. She began to fuck her hard and fast, her cock sliding out and then slamming back in.

"You like that, Melissa?" Dana asked. "Does that feel good?"

Melissa began to buck her hips back against Dana's cock. Again she looked back over her shoulder. "It feels so fucking good, Dana. You fuck me so fucking good!"

Dana smiled back and began to slow her strokes down. She eased back, too, using less of the dildo to fuck Melissa. She worked that way for a few minutes, slow and shallow. Then all at once slammed the whole thing back in again.

"AHHH! OH FUCK!" Melissa found she couldn't help but scream. She had never been fucked this good before and was barely in control of herself. "FUCK ME, DANA! FUCK MY TIGHT LITTLE PUSSY!"

"How about that tight little ass, slut?" Lady Anna suggested from where she sat on the loveseat, watching intently and placing another cigarette into the holder. Bella was up, too, leaning against Lady Anna and smiling as she watched.

Dana chuckled. "How about it, slut?" she said leaning down over Melissa's back. "Can I fuck your ass?"

She had enjoyed her first anal experiences earlier that night, so Melissa didn't hesitate at all. "Please do it. Please fuck my ass, Dana. I want your cock in my ass, baby."

"I'll bet you do, you fucking slut," Dana responded as she pulled her cock from Melissa's dripping pussy. She placed the tip of the dildo at Melissa's tight asshole and gently rubbed it around the area. Then she slowly began to work it into Melissa's ass.

As the cock got further up her ass, Melissa struggled to relax. It was easier when she managed to relax. After a few moments, Dana slid most of it in. Melissa had never felt so full before. The whole area seemed to come alive at the sensation. Propping herself up with one hand, she reached down with the other and began to stroke her swollen clit. 

"That's it, honey," Dana encouraged, "play with yourself while I fuck your ass."

The combination of sensations was overwhelming. As she rubbed her clit, Dana began to slide in and out of her ass. The blonde started to pick up the pace as her ass grew accustomed to the size of the cock. Soon Dana was banging away as hard and fast as she had at Melissa's pussy.

"OH YES! FUCK YES!" she screamed at the top of her lungs. "FUCK MY ASS, BITCH! FUCK IT, FUCK IT, FUCK IT!"

Dana used her free hand to spank one of Melissa's ass cheeks. The shock of the slap heightened the sensations she was feeling.

"You like that, slut? Do you fucking like that?"

"OH FUCK YEAH! I FUCKING LOVE IT! GIVE IT TO ME, BITCH! FUCK MY TIGHT ASS! FUCK IT, FUCK IT!"

Dana spanked her again and then grabbed hold of both her cheeks and really began to pump away. Melissa was getting ready to explode. "I'M GONNA CUM! MAKE ME CUM, BABY! JUST LIKE THAT!"

Suddenly, the cock slid from her ass. As it pulled free she felt one more burst of pleasure, then felt empty. Tiny waves of sensation were radiating through her body from both her ass and her pussy, but she hadn't reached climax yet. She turned to look over her shoulder. "What....?"

Lady Anna stood with her hand on Dana's shoulder smiling down at Melissa. "Not yet, slut," the dominant redhead said with a wicked grin.

Melissa was confused. "But I was almost there. Why...?"

Again Lady Anna cut her off. "Not yet, I said." She leaned in to Dana and kissed her again then motioned the blonde to the couch. Dana obeyed without hesitation and took a seat.

Lady Anna sucked on the tip of her cigarette holder and gazed at the bewildered Melissa. Finally, she said, "Straddle her, slut. I want to see you ride that cock."

Melissa didn't even think about disobeying; after what she had experienced tonight, she would listen to anything Lady Anna said. She moved from the arm of the couch onto the cushions. Dana smiled at her, the cock rising straight up into the air from between her legs. Melissa threw one leg over Dana's as if she was getting on a bike and then lowered herself.

Dana took hold of the dildo and guided it into Melissa's throbbing pussy. Once the tip was in, Dana took her hand away and allowed Melissa to slide down onto the thing. Coming into her at this angle, it felt a bit different. Different areas were being stimulated than before. "Oh, yeah," Melissa said as the last couple of inches entered her. "That's good."

Dana's hands came up and pressed Melissa's tits together, her thumbs rubbing her nipples. "You like riding cock, honey?"

Melissa placed her own hands over Dana's, urging her to fondle her breasts more. "Yeah, baby," she answered. "I love your cock."

Dana used her hold on Melissa's tits to begin lifting the girl up and then sliding her down onto the dildo. Soon enough, Melissa was doing it on her own, using her legs to raise herself up and slam herself down on the dildo. 

"Ride it, baby," Dana said as her hands came down from Melissa's tits to her hips. "Ride my big cock!"

Melissa bucked atop Dana frantically, trying to recapture the sensations that had been building up in her moments before. This felt good, but not quite as good as before. "I'm riding it, Dana! I'm riding your cock! I fucking love your cock!"

Lady Anna leaned down onto the couch and kissed Dana again. "I think we've created a monster, Dana," she said as she offered the cigarette holder to the blonde.

Dana wrapped her lips around the tip of the offered cigarette holder and took a long drag. Exhaling the smoke up at Melissa she nodded her agreement. "A cock-monster!"

Lady Anna smile and took another drag. "Well, let's see how much cock she likes, shall we?" With that she stood and made her way around the two of them so that she was standing right behind Melissa. Melissa turned to watch the woman as she kept bobbing up and down on Dana's cock. Lady Anna once again discarded the cigarette holder in the ashtray on the table. Then she moved closer.

Lady Anna pressed her voluptuous body against Melissa's back and reached around to grab the girl's breasts. Then she pulled one hand back around and place it on Melissa's back. She pushed forward, forcing Melissa to bend down toward the back of the couch. Her tits pushed into Dana's face and the blonde began licking away at her nipples. Then, Melissa felt Lady Anna's fake cock come to rest between her ass cheeks.

Shocked by what was obviously about to happen, she turned back and looked at Lady Anna. The redhead gave her that wicked smile once again as she took hold of her cock and guided it toward Melissa's now exposed ass.

"We'll see just how much cock she likes," the dominant woman said.

Melissa had stopped riding Dana's cock while this was happening, so she was very aware as Lady Anna's slowly started sliding into her ass. The earlier feeling of being full came back to her now, but it paled in comparison to this. With Dana's cock all the way in her pussy, Melissa leaned back to force Lady Anna's into her ass.

After a few moments, it was all the way in. "Oh my God," Melissa whispered, totally in awe of what she was feeling. She knew, however, that it hadn't even begun. 

"Good girl," Lady Anna said once she was inside Melissa. "You took it all, baby."

"Mm-hmm," was all she could respond with.

Lady Anna took her by the hips and began to slowly rock her back and forth. She could feel both of the dildos sliding around inside her; it almost felt like they were rubbing against each other. As her body grew accustomed to this, she began to rock back and forth with more speed.

"That's it," Lady Anna encouraged. "Take both of our cocks. Ride them both, you nasty little slut."

Her tit popped free of Dana's mouth. "Ride those cocks, baby," the blonde said.

Melissa slowly raised herself back up to a sitting position. Then she began to grind her hips back and forth. Dana's cock slid into her, then pulled out as she moved back onto Lady Anna's. It was like they were taking turns fucking her two holes. It was the best thing she'd ever felt. Immediately she was back on the verge of climax. She fought it off, though; she didn't want this to end.

"OH MY GOD! OH SHIT, OH LADY ANNA! I NEVER....I'M SO...OOOOHHHH!"

Lady Anna started driving her hips forward with abandon, her fake cock sliding in and out of Melissa's ass with ease. Below them, Dana was thrusting her hips up, slamming all nine inches of her cock into the girl's pussy. "Take them both, you little slut!" Lady Anna yelled. "Take both those cocks!"

Melissa was now operating on pure instinct; her body was no longer under her control, she was just along for the ride. "FUCK ME! OH YES, FUCK ME, FUCK ME!" Lady Anna spanked her ass like Dana had and a small shockwave tore through her. "FUCK MY ASS, LADY ANNA! FUCK ME! HARDER, HARDER! GIVE IT ALL TO ME!"

Lady Anna laughed in response and put one leg up onto the couch. This forced Melissa to sit up on her legs a bit and gave both Dana and her better access. Now, she really began pounding that tight little ass!

Dana slid down a bit so that her ass hung off the end of the couch. Then she drove her hips up, slamming her cock into Melissa's pussy. Juice was spraying freely from the girl and landed on Dana's toned stomach in thick drops. "Take that, slut!" the blonde cried.

This new position was almost too much for Melissa to bear. The two women were no longer taking turns fucking her, they were each just slamming away at their own pace. "FUCK MY HOLES! OH GOD! FUCK ME! GIVE ME BOTH OF THOSE BIG COCKS! OH! SHIT! YOU TWO ARE FUCKING ME SO FUCKING GOOD! OH....AAAHHHH!"

On the loveseat, Bella was rapidly fingering her already fucked pussy. She was smiling as she writhed on the small couch. "Fuck her, Lady Anna!" she yelled. "Give it to her Dana! Fuck her little cunt so good!"

Lady Anna grabbed a fistful of Melissa's hair and used it for leverage. She pulled the girl down on to both of the cocks that were invading her. "Tell me, bitch!" she yelled. "TELL ME HOW MUCH YOU LOVE IT!"

Melissa was rapidly approaching an explosive orgasm. There was no fighting it off any longer, but it wasn't quite there yet. "I LOVE IT SO MUCH! YOUR COCK IS SO GREAT, BABY! FUCK ME, BOTH OF YOU! FUCK ME TILL I CUM! FUCK ME TILL I CUM! OH GOD!"

It came on slow at first, like a big wave forming off-shore. It rose inside her, then crested....then crashed down all at once. Cum sprayed from her pussy around Dana's cock and drenched the blonde's legs and stomach. Her ass seized hold of Lady Anna's cock and wouldn't let go. She felt like her whole body was on fire.

"I'M FUCKING CUMMING! OH.....OH....I'M CUMMING SO FUCKING HAAAAARD!"

Dana kept slamming her pussy through the entire thing. It seemed to last for hours. Melissa's legs went weak and her knees buckled. Lady Anna held her up as Dana just kept pounding away. She couldn't concentrate or think....white spots swam across her vision. Finally, it stopped and blackness swallowed her.

She felt a hand gently tapping her cheek and she opened her eyes. Dana was smiling down at her. The blonde offered her a hand and raised her up to a sitting position. "I think you blacked out, Melissa," she said.

Melissa's body still felt weak. She leaned back against the couch and rubbed a hand across her forehead. She was drenched with sweat. "I think I'm okay," she said, her voice barely above a whisper.

"I'd say you are much better than okay," Lady Anna said. The dominant woman was lounging on the loveseat a few feet away smoking another cigarette from her sleek holder. She too was covered with sweat. "I'd say you were amazing." She blew out a long stream of smoke contentedly.

Melissa smiled. "I think it's you who are amazing, Lady Anna," she said. She looked to Dana beside her and Bella who was sitting on the coffee table also smoking. "All of you are."

Lady Anna smiled, but it was not her usual wicked smile. This one looked....pleased. "I suppose we are."

Melissa got up and sat on the couch. Her pussy juice was coating the front end of the middle cushion so she sat on the left. "My God," she said, still a bit dazed. "I hope....well, I hope we do this again some time."

The wicked smile returned to Lady Anna's lips. "Oh, we'll be doing it all the time, Melissa." She inhaled from the cigarette holder and blew the smoke up into the air above her head. "You see, you are mine now, to do with as I please. You are mine."

Melissa started to respond, but stopped. She looked at Bella, who was nodding slightly, and to Dana who was smiling knowingly. She nodded then, because she knew Lady Anna was right. After what had happened this night, she would do anything the woman asked of her. The mere chance that she would experience more nights like this was enough.

Lady Anna kept staring at her as she smoked her cigarette. "Say it," she said.

Melissa raised her face to look her newfound Mistress right in the eyes as she spoke. "Lady Anna," she said, her voice strong, "I am yours."

And she was.