 As the plane set down on the tarmac I tingled with anticipation. Not only was I about to get off the plane and take my first step in beautiful far away Australia, but I was about to meet my best friend of 10 years. 

How does one meet their best friend you may ask? It all started 10 years ago when I was 15. I was not a very popular kid and spent a lot of time on the internet. Luke and I met in a (don't laugh) online Pinochle game. I played one game with him & when we realized we were the only people in the online game under the age of 50, we bonded pretty quickly. We both frequented the rooms pretty often and before we knew it, we had become friends. 

We started chatting outside of the game room – almost every day in fact. It went on this way for 5 years, until we finally got up the nerve to have our first cross seas phone call. We talked for hours. I can't tell you how much that first phone call from Australia to my home in NY cost, but I'm sure it was a small fortune. Our friendship has continued on the phone and on the internet ever since.

After 10 years of talking, Luke finally convinced me to board the long plane ride to see him in Australia. Call me crazy, but I figured after 10 years, even the most dedicated internet serial killer would have given up so he must be safe. I knew Luke better than I knew pretty much anyone and when he begged me to accept the trip to visit him as my 25th birthday present I couldn't refuse.

As the plane finally rolled to a stop and the seatbelt sign turned off with a ding, I unfastened my seatbelt & stood up to pull my carry-on out of the overhead bin. 

At 5'11'' I easily reached up and pulled out the small Vera Bradley duffel. I set the bag on my seat and pulled out a small mirror to examine myself. My brown eyes shown with excitement and my long brown hair had survived the 16 hour flight fairly well. My blue knee length dress was a size 10, but looked almost svelte on my slim torso and long legged frame which at my height carried the couple extra pounds I had pretty well. 

I shuffled off the plan and, looking at the signs in the terminal, made my way towards the baggage claim. I shivered with excitement. Would I know Luke when I saw him? I had seen many pictures over the years. I knew he was tall, about 6'2'' and slender with sun bleached blonde hair that would come to his ears if he didn't style it up in a spiky style. His eyes were green and on the rare occasion he wore glasses.

I hadn't needed to worry. As soon as I entered the baggage area, my eyes were riveted to one man. I immediately recognized him as Luke and nearly stopped breathing at the site of him...he was a GOD! His skin was tanned a golden bronze. His dark jeans and crisp white polo shirt perfectly molded to his athletic frame. He was running his long strong fingers through his tousled blonde hair while his other hand gripped a bouquet of gorgeous pale pink lilies. He shuffled nervously, and when his green eyes hit mine they lit up like a Christmas tree. A sexy smile crossed his face and he started walking towards me. 

I quickly walked towards him – so excited to finally meet my friend. 

"Lillian?" he asked quietly, almost in a disbelieving voice as we reached each other. 

I nodded, not able to speak. His smile lit up even brighter (if that was possible) and to my surprise he grabbed me into a huge hug, lifting me off the ground. 

"I'm so glad you're here," he whispered into my ear with a hot breath. 

My heart raced as he held me tight against his muscular chest. He smelled like heaven...that sexy virile man smell that no cologne can reproduce.

He set me down gently, and handed me the flowers. 

"My favorite!" I exclaimed excitedly. "Thank you!."

"I know." He responded with a wink and a wicked smile. "Let's get your bags and get you out of here." 

It only took a few minutes for Luke to grab my suitcase and wheel it towards the door. I walked behind him a couple steps and couldn't help myself from sneaking a quick peek at his butt in those just tight enough jeans ...luscious was the only word for it. 

He stopped for a second and turned slightly, waiting for me to catch up to his strides. By the silly grin that came across his face I think he knew what I'd been looking at. 

"Come-on beautiful," he winked at me again. 

I blushed and took the few extra steps to join him. 

"Marcus is waiting for us with the car."

Marcus is Luke's boyfriend of 6 years. Over those years of my conversations with Luke, I'd also had quite a few conversations with Marcus and we'd grown to be almost as close as Luke and I. 

He was Luke's total opposite in both looks and temperament. Where Nick was blonde, lithe and sun tanned, Marcus was dark and muscular with an olive skin tone. Interestingly enough, however, his personality was the lighter of the two. Where Nick was more strategic, less emotional, more serious and assertive, Marcus was gentle, more considerate, soft hearted and always quick with a joke. They were as different and night and day, which seemed to make their relationship work well.

We exited into the bright Australian sun and walked towards a dark colored SUV. Against it leaned one of the sexiest men I've ever seen. 

Holy shit. 

In pictures Marcus was definitely a sexy man, but in person he was drool worthy. A black T-shirt was stretched over his bulging chest and arms. His jeans were tight in all the right places. As we walked towards him he pulled off a pair of dark sunglasses and placed them into his black hair, revealing a pain of piercing dark brown eyes. Upon seeing Luke and I, a huge toothy grin broke out on his face. 

He opened his arms wide and stepped forward, pulling me into a big bear hug. He pulled my tightly against his chest. My nipples couldn't help but harden as they rubbed against his chest muscles under the fabric of his t-shirt. After a few seconds, Marcus loosened his grip and I reluctantly stepped back. 

"Welcome to Australia babe. We're so excited to finally get you over here."

Luke was already putting my bags into the back of the SUV. Marcus opened the back seat door and helped me in before walking around to the driver's seat. I was pleasantly surprised when Luke opened the back door to slide into the back seat with me rather than in the front with Marcus. 

"We figured you're pretty tired after the flight so we're headed back to our place so you can relax and refresh." Luke told me as Marcus navigated out of the airport parking lot.

"Sounds great! I'm beat."

The drive was full of excited conversations as the boys showed me the Sydney sites and peppered me with plans for the week. A couple times during the drive Luke would casually lean towards me putting his hand on my thigh. The contact though brief was hot enough to create some moisture in my panties.

After about 20 minutes of driving, Marcus pulled into the driveway of a house on what appeared to be a quiet suburban street. He walked around and opened my door, helping me out of the SUV. Luke walked around back to pull my bags out of the car, and both men escorted me into the house. 

We walked through a bright, airy kitchen and Luke ushered me into the first of a series of doors in a small hallway. Inside, a queen size bed was covered with a black and white coverlet. The room was painted a soft shade of white while the carpet was a deep soft gray. Luke set my bags on the bed. 

"The bathroom is right through there, if you'd like to freshen up and meet us out in the kitchen for dinner when you're done." He said pointing to a door on the other side of the bed. 

He stared at me for a second, with eyes that looked surprisingly heated. "I'm really glad you're here Lillian," he whispered, looking at me for a few more seconds before he turned and walked back out toward the kitchen. 

Damn is that not the sexiest man ever.

I turned and unzipped my suitcase, pulling out a toiletry bag and walked toward the bathroom. I stepped onto the cool gray tile and quickly undressed, eager to get out of my well traveled clothes. I reached into the shower in the corner of the room, adjusting the water temperature and stepped in under the hot streams of water. I quickly shampooed and washed my hair. I pulled what looked like a new bottle of lavender body wash off of the shower shelf and began to lather myself up. 

My nipples were rock hard, and I couldn't help but shudder as I ran my fingers over them. With one hand I flicked and twisted my nipples, running my other hand down my stomach, over the brown curls covering my puffy pussy lips, which I found very slick with my juices. 

Just being in the presence of the two very virile and sexy men had my dripping. I slid my finger in between my pussy lips, gasping as my finger tip hit my sensitive clit. I thought about the feeling of Luke's sexy muscular chest and his pecs rubbing against my nipples through my thin bra. I was sure the extra seconds of him holding me in the airport had meant nothing to him, but I could have rubbed up against him until I purred.

I slipped the finger that had been slowly rubbing back and forth across my clit, down and inside myself. I sighed, thinking about the feel of Marcus's cock through his jeans when he had wrapped his arms around me outside the car. It had been bulging against my body – it must be massive. I could have sworn it was erect, but that was silly – as silly as thinking that hot look in Luke's eyes had been lustful. 

My hand slipped back up to rub my clit which was on fire as this point, my fingertips of my other hand continued their assault on my straining nipples. 

I would have laughed if I wasn't so close to cumming. I was having sexual desires for my two best friends who happened to be gay and madly in love with one another. It was silly to think that either of them harbored any sexual desire for me, but right now I didn't care. 

My finger flicked furiously against my clit as I thought about Luke's sexy blue eyes. I came so hard I had to brace against the shower wall to stop from falling over. I stood there for a second, breathing heavy with the water streaming down over my body. I finished rising, my now spent body and turned off the shower water.

I dried myself off with one of the fluffy clean towels on the shelf next to the shower and walked back in the bedroom to find something to wear for dinner. Carefully sorting through the clothes I had brought, I picked out my favorite pair of jeans and a tight, slinky red top. I scrunch some gel in my naturally curly hair and refreshed my make-up, taking just a little extra time. The guys might be gay, but I couldn't help but want to look hot in their presence. 

After taking one last look in the mirror, I headed out of the bedroom and back towards the kitchen. I could hear soft music coming from somewhere in the house and something smelled amazing. I stepped into the kitchen, giddy at the thought of having dinner with these two incredible men and then suddenly stopped cold in my tracks.

Luke's back was to me as he had Marcus backed up against the counter. The two men were locked in a very passionate kiss. Marcus's hands were clenching Luke's ass and Luke had his hands twisted in Marcus's hair – pulling him in as if trying to swallow him whole.

I had never seen two men kiss before, much less this passionately. It was extremely hot and my nipples harden immediately. My pussy began to flutter.

Marcus must have registered my presence in the room because he looked up from the kiss. His eyes bore into me with incredible heat. His mouth crooked up into a slow, sexy smile.

"Wanna join?"

Holy shit this was getting interesting.

To be continued...