 I was meeting Julie and Les at last, a thousand letters and a hundred phone calls had been exchanged. while l was married, it was all fantasy. But after my divorce then the fantasy became reality. 

It came to a head when l received a video of them.. "Hi Pat, we want to show you how we want to fuck and make you feel like the woman you are". With that the video went on to watch them performing for me. I am not a lover of porn, and have rarely seen it, but this was something else. Les, fucking his wife and looking up at the camera and saying that he wished it was me he was fucking,,, Well it was something so new and erotic to me.

More phone calls now, seemed letters were to slow and they wanted me to travel to them, a long distance that l think they understood was to far for me, so they were to come and see me the next weekend, we were both agreeable to that.

It came, last weekend, they were to arrive around two and relax and be fed and we were to have this threesome that we had spoke about so often. 

I had only ever got a girlfriend of mine off sexually once, and that was with my fingers and we were in the shower at the time. Julie had gone one step less, and had never touched another woman sexually. So that side of the threesome was somewhat, new to all of us.

Even the threesome thing was new to us all, they had never done it and l didn't even know it existed!. But our phone chats were very revealing and we all knew something was going to happen this weekend.

Think l spent all day Friday in M/S looking for something light, it was warm and l went through every piece of underwear before making up my mind.

Needn't have bothered, it was so warm and they arrived earlier than expected and l was in the garden, an old bikini set on and no make up. threw a shoal around me and must have looked nothing like the photos l had sent them as l answered the door with trickles of sweat running from my hair.

Think that was a good thing, it lightened a tense situation straightaway and within no time we were all out in the garden, l was drinking wine, but they gauged a few bottle's of water in no time flat.

We got on 'easily' which was what l needed and wanted, and we all took turns to shower and make up and around eight in the evening, we were all dressed nicely and enjoying the buffet l had put on for them.

Being a lover of champagne, they sent me six bottles the day before and we had finished two and was on our third when the evening started to change from a talkative one to a more erotic affair. We danced as a threesome, slowly and all closely cuddling up. It soon seemed the natural thing to go up to the bed room, so off we all went.

Les and Julie had made it obvious that they enjoyed their sex, and although a first for us all , the threesome thing seemed to take a back seat as they, firstly started to kiss alone and l watched as both of them groped at the others body. Then l was dragged in and felt Les first kiss me deeply and his hand went to below my skirt and hold onto my pubic mound. I had Julie looking on and enclosed in our embrace, and soon with my hands free l had a hand on Les's cock but more importantly l had an hand between Julie's thighs I felt her hand on mine and it was pushing right into mine and although on the outside of her clothing l could feel the awareness she was showing me.

Gradually we went one step further, we took each other to the bedroom and soon we were to rid ourselves of our clothing. Feeling alone and naked l wanted someone to come closer to me and was delighted when Julie came close and cuddled up to me. Her warm body, soft boobs, squashing into mine and the tickle her half shaved pubic hair's gave me as they brushed along me made me feel much more at ease. I stood and stared in pure erotic delight as Les finally showed us what he had to offer us. He was a powerfully built guy, l know he used the weight's a lot but his body was twice as sweet as l had ever realised before. "Your lovely Pat", he murmured as he came over to us, think l said something in return but my mind was on his body and his hard shaft pointing at me as he came and hugged us.

The sex that l have had recently has been very unfulfilling and l know Les is a sexual athlete and knew that l was in for a satisfying weekend. On the bed and together kissing, feeling his wetness with mine l could sense that his mind wasn't on me and then noticed Julie had his cock in her mouth and was gently sucking at the length of it "Is that nice Les?" l whispered to him, "think l have died and gone to heaven", he replied. A giggle from Julie helped lighten the situation and it also stopped him getting over excited. "Come on Pat, now's your chance," Julie said holding his erection with one of her small hands at the base and offering me the rest to taste. They both knew by our writing's together that l hadn't sucked a man for a long, time but it seemed like l had been missing out big time as l slowly lowered myself down Les's body and took the thickness of him in my mouth. Wet with Julie's saliva it soon brought back those distant memories of what l liked doing and why, as Les squirmed with pleasure as l loosely licked and kissed on his adorable cock still held firmly by Julies hand. She was smiling widely at her first sight of someone enjoying Les's body as only Julie had before.

It wasn't long before hands from above were pulling my face away from my enjoyment and we both looked up at Les and smiles from us both made Les realise that we were happy down there. Changing positions Les had hold of his almighty erection now and was looking for a willing hole to put it next, l wanted it, but so did Julie and Julie pulled Les to her and l watched Julies face change from laughter to sheer passion as she screamed out when Les entered her. Julie was looking at me, her hands out stretched, a look of satisfaction on her face and her eyes closed and her face screwed up each time Les forced himself deeply inside her. I wanted him, l wanted him bad, the video that they sent me of them screwing l timed it to being almost twenty minutes while he was inside her, think l timed it on more than one occasion by the way, and although he had my attention also to contend with his face showed no emotion's as he seemed to coolly go about his business. Unlike Julie's, who, also as in the video, was the loudest person l had ever known and her screams were deafening as slowly Les carried on ramming himself into her. Julie was ' used up ' and a total wreck when Les finally lifted himself off of her, her body was soaked in perspiration her legs were motionless and l couldn't help but take a peek, but her groin area was open wide and very red, wetness was all around her and she had leaked her juices onto the duvet cover. 

Knowing it was my turn now, pains were building in my stomach. I was holding Julies hand tightly now and her face gradually relaxed and her sweaty hair and puffed eyes gave out a beaming smile to me and she laughingly said that it was my turn now. Julie by now had risen off of the duvet and was holding me closely and like a pair of wrestlers she laid me down flat on the duvet. Obviously in a height of sexuality Julie kissed me, not the kiss that welcomed me as they arrived, but this was one of passion, her salty lips and tongue was crushing onto mine and l felt her free hand searching my breasts and pinching my already aroused nipple between her finger's. This was a different feeling that l had experienced from Maggie, much more rougher and as if there was a sense of urgency about it. Quickly her hands left my breast and found it's way straight to my pussy lips and although they were soaked in anticipation of Les it still was a shock to feel Julie's finger slide effortlessly inside me. It was Julie that was going wild at this stage and her excitement was adding to mine and soon l was opening myself up fully for her as she, still roughly finger fucked me. Still kissing l felt Julies body moving so as l could free one of my hands that Julie had trapped on the bed earlier and searching down her body l was soon touching the hair of her pubic region. Trying to be more gentle than her, l put my hand over her soaking wet pussy lips, l had not realised how wet she was as a couple of my fingers disappeared into her. A gasp from her and she stopped kissing me allowing me a little room to breath for once. Instead she looked down at me, her face showed a deadly serious look and as l moved my fingers inside her l felt her hips thrust down on my hand and again a scream from her as her hips moved violently with my fingers helplessly inside her.

"Enough of this" Les said in a strong voice, and almost in one movement l felt his hardness pushing and searching for my willing love hole. A scream from me this time as l felt his body tight against mine and l could feel every inch of him along my wet passage. Think everyone was screaming "Oh Pat,,," as he stayed deep inside me and l could feel his erection twitching inside me. Oh it felt good, even though l think we were all afraid to move for a while, but gathering his composure again he lifted himself off of me and his erection slid the length of me and l could feel his hands on it as it probed and stroked my erect clit. "This was 'fucking' l thought to myself as l was dying to feel him inside me again so that the orgasm he was giving me on the outside could be fulfilled properly inside me.

I wasn't to wait long either, as if it had a mind of it's own now he pushed himself back inside me and the pain he was producing was the best pain l had ever experienced, slowly now he was fucking me, seemed to use the whole length of himself as slowly l felt him deep inside me and then nothing and a second later he was guiding himself back into me. Don't know how long this went on for, the feeling's l was receiving were so intense my orgasm by now was muddled and l think it was just one long one lasting the time that he was in me. I still had my fingers around Julie and she was shouting encouragement to us as l felt Les become more intense with his fucking of me and he was now fucking quicker and quicker and l could feel from his loins that he was going to fill me with his cream. As l screamed out knowing he was coming, and that first jet of him l felt so intensely as he tried to keep going on top of a now a totally satisfied woman.

It was a hot day and the heat that we had produced as Les's sweat was dripping from his face down onto mine, and Julie by now had got into the clutches of us both and all three of us were out of breath and breathing erratically.

Les rolled off of me, his mighty erection now much softer as it flipped out of me and he laid flat on the bed next to me. My legs were aching where, muscles l had somewhere in them hadn't been used for that purpose for so long. Julie was the only one wanting, and able to talk, she was trying to get a conversation out of me, but my mind was elsewhere....

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Sunday morning, think l was the first to wake up, l had closed the window's, knowing of Julie's noisy escapades and the place honestly smelt awful. Getting up l opened the curtain's and windows wide and put on the center fan to try and disguise the aroma, l was sure it was all me as l stood under the shower cleaning myself was on my third cup of tea before l heard stirring's from upstairs, still nervous l looked up the stair well and it was Julie, rushing to the loo. A wave, that was it and she was in the loo.

Wake up please, l begged, l needed to know whether l was good, but Julie just rushed back into the bedroom.

Hours, or so it seemed passed, and again movement's upstairs, this time l had a pot of tea brewing and of l went to them. . Wow, that cock that had given me so much joy and fulfillment was there on my bed, even placid it was a joy to admire and a sleepy yawn from him and an excited "Hi" from Julie told me thing's were OK.

L left the he pot and thought they would be better alone to talk over the previous evening. "Can l take a shower", Julie shouted down, "Ofcourse" I answered.

"Well!" Julie said, dressed in a toweling robe that l had left for Les really, "Well?" l repeated... "Was we OK Pat!!!!" Julie asked, "Was you OK!!, was I?" " Our wildest dreams were reached last night Pat, and they were wilder than we ever imagined!" Julie screamed, Full of relief, l hugged Julie, and whispered... "mine too".

Les came down a while later a stupid towel was hiding his modesty and a big hug for me and a kiss proved that l wasn't all bad.

They were to leave around mid day, and quiet honestly l didn't mind my head was in a daze and l was dying to tell my best friend what had happened that evening. But Les had other ideas, and apparently had already been talked over, they wanted to stay and leave in the early hour's of Monday morning,

Sore, but wanting to become sorer still of course l agreed and instead of a leaving breakfast they were treated to a Sunday lunch, not much, it was hot and all l had available was a salad and some salmon that was to see me over the weekend.

It was only around 11 but someone suggested l break open another bottle of Champagne and soon we were all having a whale of a time with our lunch and already we were on the last bottle of champagne.

Before long Julie, who already had a lovely tan asked me where she could lay out to sun bathe, the bed was already in the best position and l pointed to it. We sat out with her for a while, it was steaming hot and perspiration was oozing from my face. Knowing sex was going to take place sometime l told them that it was to hot for me and I needed another shower.

I was in a dream, the water was running on me and my mind was probably on Les's cock, l don't know, but the door to the toilet opened and it was Les. And letting his towel drop came over to me into the shower. " Just me and you babe, that OK?, Julie is sore and don't think she could do us any justice today" his large frame, over powered me and my fantasies were on over time as l reached up with my arms. encircled his neck, kissed him and think purred like a contented cat..

As per norm, l was my clean and boring self, we dried off and not allowed to perfume myself, Les led me by the arm to my bed. My hair was bedraggled, and my face was a mess, but he pushed me down on my bed and l watched his cock grow as he stood above me and looked at me, l have always a fantasy of fingering myself in the company of a man, but this time I wasn't allowed to as Les laid down on top of me, not crushing me or anything he asked where that spot was that Maggie used to nestle in, l told him there was no need for that this time, l was ready and willing to take him..

" but l want to play" he whispered, with his face buried in my neck. I said something that l thought l would never say, in answering him l simply said " I wanna fuck". I think even Les was taken aback, and he asked me to say it again, " Fuck me Les" I pleaded with him now. "Don't you want to play around first Pat" he asked in a very calm voice, as l felt his hardness rubbing and caressing my open lips, eager to enjoy his erection, "Later l said, fuck me now" l pleaded, like a whore needing my daily cock, and this time l felt him glide in easily, all the way in till l felt his hairs tickling my shaved pussy. "Oh fuck." l remember saying, that was about the last verbal thing l remember, l know he was asking me to tell him what l wanted and every other word was 'fuck' He fucked me good and hard, feeling's l had never remembered feeling before were present as all l know l was screaming for him to fuck me as he kept on asking me what l wanted.

He wasn't no super stud this time though, the first time we fucked he was in complete control of things, this time he lost it, and after a short while he fell down on me and our sweat filled bodies mingled as he too screamed out "Patttt......." and l felt his lovely nectar filling deep inside me.

Didn't know, didn't care, about Les, but l could have died then, the happiness and contentment l felt was overwhelming. He collapsed also onto me, his full weight now was crushing me, but l wasn't to moan or argue, l had pleased him probably, half as much as he had pleased me though.

Stuck together through our perspiration, and neither unable to move a voice from the bedroom told us Julie had arrived. " Blimey, l could hear you two from the garden". Looking at me a beaming smile appeared on her face, "Pat, you look as if you have enjoyed my Les, l do hope so and hope this is just the start....

It was early afternoon, think l had taken all l could and hoped Les and Julie were the same, Julie came on the bed with us, but fortunately not for sex, just to cuddle up as we all fell asleep. 

Think l died there, the previous evening l was awake most of the night, in complete satisfaction and wanting to relive my experiences, my only friend whom l confide in was not around till Monday morning, but this day, l was truly satisfied and think l or all of us slept in a heap till late on into the evening.

They left for their journey home in the early hours, and not wanting to give snap judgments, we have decided to write down our weekend together and whether we want to continue it, am awaiting their replies, but prey they enjoyed me.....