 Steve and I sat in the bar after our respective days at work. I have known him since we were at school then when we left school we had played football for the same team. In the last couple of years we had almost completely drifted apart as he had moved away due to work commitments. Out of the blue I had bumped into him again which had led to us chatting and catching up on what had happened since we had lost touch. This had seen us meet up today after work and we had enjoyed a pint or two.

"So Steve are you back for good now?" I asked.

"Looks like it Paul, I found I had missed the old place so was more than happy to come back."

"And?" I said sensing there was more to it than simple homesickness.

"Well while I was away I met someone. She is really nice. One thing led to another and ..we kind of got together."

"But, it broke up and you moved back to forget?"

He laughed. "No. It was the opposite in fact." I have to admit to being more than a little confused. "See although I met her while I was working away she was only there seeing friends. You see she's actually born and brought up here like us."

"Would I know her?"

"I don't think so. She is a few years younger than us and has not long left college."

"You dirty old bastard." I teased 

"As it happens people who know the pair of us say that she acts more grown up than me. Anyway if you can hold on a bit you will get to meet her as she is meeting me in here tonight before we go out for a meal." 

I offered to get us another drink while Steve waited for this new mystery girl of his to arrive. Having known that Steve liked to be with his women for no more than a week I was intrigued as to what woman had managed to convince him to commit. I was even keener to meet her given that she was so young. Walking back to our seats I caught him glancing out of the window and as he turned he coloured noting that I had seen as he was obviously eager to met with his girlfriend.

Sitting back at the table I handed Steve his beer. "So what's her name?"

"Lucy."

"Nice. So what does she do for a living?" I asked.

"Oh you will like this." He replied. "She's training to be a solicitor. Her degree course was law. I can see you are shocked."

Steve and I are both manual workers, who are fairly typical beer, football and women loving men, who enjoy ourselves. We had attracted 'posh' women before but all they really wanted was a bit of rough so none of the relationships had ever flourished.

"Was she defending you?" I teased.

"You already know how I met her you wind up merchant. I admit that I was as surprised as you when she eventually told me what she did. Anyway she is different to all the girls I have met before. Here she is now mate. I will just go and get her a drink, be back in a moment."

My gaze followed him as he walked across the bar. As they met he and Lucy kissed passionately. He spoke to her and she looked over his shoulder at me. Immediately I could see why he was so taken with her. She stood a fraction shorter than him, probably about 5'7 with her heels raising her, in a smart business. Her shoulder length red curly hair was in complete contrast to the dark material of her clothes. She smiled at me, with a smile that was to die for. They parted momentarily as she walked to the bar and he returned.

"I'll make a move now Steve."

"No need to, she wants to meet you. What do you think?"

"She's stunning. I thought you had said that you would never date a ginger!"

He grinned, "For Christ's sake do not say that."

I laughed. "Of course I wont. But you are one lucky bastard Steve she is really beautiful. Why the fuck is she with you, I thought you said she was clever."

As she approached us our chat stopped. "Lucy, please meet my friend Paul."


"Hello Lucy." I said extending my hand to her.

"Hi Paul, nice to meet you."

"It's nice to meet you as well." I replied.

I stayed with them for maybe half an hour while we chatted. Lucy and I got acquainted and when I left she said that she hoped I would go for a drink with them again soon. I agreed and over the next few months saw them often as we frequently met up for drinks.

******

During the summer we were sitting in the beer garden after work. As was becoming normal Lucy met up with us when she had finished work.

"Hi boys. I would have thought you outdoor workers would have had enough sitting out in this heat."

"I am only getting the rays before we need to go inside my dear." He grinned as he and I pulled on our tops to go into the pub. Lucy's red hair and fair skin meant she was preferred not to spend to long in the sun.

Once in the gloomy interior of the hostelry we sat ourselves down. It was quiet inside as most customers were drinking in the beer garden. One of the World cup football matches was on the television screen; the two teams involved were only 'minor' nations and therefore were attracting little interest. Steve and I looked up at the screen.

"Honestly, this summer is dreadful we have no escape from the bloody football." Lucy complained.

"It will be heaving in here on Saturday when the England game is on." 

"Where are you going to watch the game?"

"Not given it much thought." I replied.

"Steve, why don't the three of us watch it in peace at our place?"

"Good idea, you up for that Paul?"

"Love to."

Lucy grinned, "That's a date then. If it's a sunny day we can have a barbeque and a few drinks and make a day of it. I will even slap on the high factor cream and sit sunbathing with you two if you like.

On Saturday I arrived at their house with a bottle of wine and a case of beers. After I rang the doorbell as was greeted by Lucy as she let me in. She was stood in the doorway in a pale blue summer dress. Her pale shoulders had the tiny spaghetti straps holding the material up. The outline of her small firm breasts could be easily made out by the curves in her dress. She also appeared tinier than normal then I realised that she was standing barefoot in front of me. 

"Hi Paul." She said as she reached up giving me a light kiss on the cheek.

"Hi Lucy."

"Put those in the kitchen will you then join Steve in the garden. I'm busting to use the loo, I'll be down in a minute."

Walking out into the garden I found Steve sitting on the patio drinking a beer. Sitting in the chair next to him we briefly chatted about the approaching match whilst enjoying the warm summer sun. When Lucy joined us she handed Steve a bottle of sun lotion and asked him to rub it into her skin for her. She sat on the opposite side of Steve, facing the sun, allowing him to rub the cream into her pale skin. He pulled the straps of her dress to one side and I could sense he had lowered the dress. I could see Lucy's bare shoulders and could make out small murmurs of enjoyment coming from her. I turned and from the way Steve was leaning over her I guessed he was massaging the sun cream into her small round breasts. I remained seated looking down the garden trying to appear unaware of the attention that he was paying her.

Once he had finished he resumed talking to me as if nothing had happened. Lucy sunbathed and allowed us lads to have the usual male conversations. When kick off time arrived Steve and I went into the house to watch the match. Lucy told us she would be outside a little longer as she was not so interested in the football. 

In front of their large screen television Steve and Lucy had a large leather three-seater sofa, so Steve and I sat in the position at each end. We sat down to watch the game and enjoy some beers and crisps. About twenty minutes into the game we heard Lucy enter the Kitchen from the garden.

"Can you bring a couple of cans in honey?" Steve called out. We heard her go to the fridge then she walked into the room behind us. She handed the beers over to us from the rear of the sofa. Steve reached up and took his without taking his eyes off the screen. I turned to take my beer and thank her.

"Cheers Lucy…." I said before pausing. She was leaning forward on the back of our seat so she could watch the match. As I turned my eyes fell to her chest. The front of her dress had fallen forward and I could see her naked boobs beneath as they hung free. Although her chest was small her breasts were perfect, small and rounded with little red nipples. 

She smiled replying "Your welcome." I blushed as she caught me eyeing up her cleavage. Despite this she merely returned to looking at the screen. I guessed she did not want to cause a scene. After a couple of minutes Lucy announced that if she was going to have to watch the footie then she expected Steve to give her shoulders a rub. She sat in front of him allowing him to softly rub her while he watched the game.

Halftime arrived and with England three goals in front we all agreed that surely they were destined to make it to the next round. I made my excuses as I needed to visit the toilet. As I walked up the stairs I looked back into the living room and saw Steve lean forward and begin to kiss Lucy.

Closing the toilet door I turned and was surprised to note that there appeared to be a pornographic magazine on the cistern. Once I had quickly emptied my bladder I put the toilet seat down and began to flick through the magazine. To my surprise it was a magazine containing hardcore pornography. One section was devoted to contacts were couples could place adverts to meet. I was obviously surprised that Steve had left this out but then remembered that Lucy had been the last person to visit the bathroom after she had let me in the house. I quickly returned the magazine deciding to make no reference although I could not had not seen it. 

I flushed the loo and loudly closed the door before making my way downstairs so that they had a chance to stop kissing if they had taken the opportunity to get frisky. Entering the front room I saw Steve reaching over Lucy's shoulders and roughly squeezing her under her dress. The television was no longer showing the usual half-time analysis but now was playing a pornographic video. Looking at the screen I noted that the woman was being filled at both ends. Then I noted that the woman in the film was a petite redhead, not totally dissimilar to Lucy in fact, giving me the final piece of the jigsaw puzzle. I sat quietly in my seat once more, with my heart beating rapidly, as I hoped that one of them would say something or make a move to confirm my inkling that they wanted a threesome with me. 

Lucy turned to face me and smiled warmly. "Steve, has a desire to see me with another bloke. I fancy you Paul so if you are up for it…. Well Steve and I want to forget the rest of the football and get down and dirty. What about you?"


I simply nodded. She lifted herself up off the floor before approaching me. She moved my legs apart and straddled my left leg. As she leant forward she cupped my face and began to gently kiss my lips. She was soft and gentle with her kisses making it obvious that she wanted this to be a slow passionate lovemaking session rather than a frantic fuck. Steve was clearly getting his fantasy but only on Lucy's terms. She sucked on my lower lip and lowered herself down to sit on my thigh. As she did this I felt the heat of her pussy, then the soft tickle of her pubic hair on the skin of my legs, followed by the wet sensation of her bare sex on me. She was therefore totally naked under her summer dress. I carried on kissing her with my hands delving under the straps allowing me to lower her top and expose her tits.

We continued to embrace as I felt Steve's weight shift on the leather as he made his way across to the seat next to us. He leant forward and began kissing Lucy's neck and ear. I took his lead and paid the same attention to the right side of her neck. She was enjoying the attention of two men as she gasped at the kissing and gentle nibbling of both of her earlobes. 

Steve whispered in her ear, I was so close that I could also hear what he had said. "Are you going to fuck him darling or not?"

"In my own time." She said turning and looking right into his eyes. She pushed him back as she eased herself off of me. Momentarily I worried that he had pushed her to far and I was not going to experience this stunning beauty but I should not have feared as she now was kneeling before me. Her hands snaked up my legs and dived through the leg opening of my shorts. Gripping my solid shaft she pulled the erection out of my shorts.

"Mmmmm now Steve you never told me he was such a big boy did you?" She looked up at me grinning. "When he asked me to do this and I suggested I would be willing to do it with you he said he had seen you in the showers after football and that you worked out and were muscular but he didn't tell me this." She was stroking my erection, which is almost nine inches long. The irony was that, on a football tour the team had hired a stripper who was taken up on her offer of 'extras' provided we did it all together, so we had seen each other hard as well as shagging. He knew I was long while I knew he had a very large girthed dick. 

Lucy continued to massage my shaft before leaning forward to place her mouth over the tip of my cock. Her tongue liked across the shiny head of my cock after she had drawn my foreskin back. Swirling her tongue under the head she then took me deeper and deeper into her warm mouth. She sucked hard on me. I looked at her pretty face as her cheeks were sucked in as she went to town on sucking me. 

Steve moved off of the sofa then knelt down behind her. She gasped and moaned as Steve started to finger her from behind while she continued to give me head. I could hear soft squelching noises escaping from her groin while Steve rubbed and probed her damp pussy. He crouched over her body so that his face was next to her ear. "Please I can't wait any longer. You are dripping wet, he is not getting any harder, I want to see you ride him." 

Lucy allowed my engorged penis to escape her mouth while she continued to rub me slowly up and down. Turning to Steve she said, "Originally I was only doing this for you, but now you could not stop me honey!" They grinned at each other then she kissed him. When they parted I could of sworn I saw him his tongue lick at his lips as he had obviously tasted my salty pre-cum in his girlfriend's mouth.

Pressing my legs back together Lucy placed a knee either side of my legs. My rigid cock was taken in her right hand as she reached back behind her. Very slowly she lowered herself until the tip of my dick was touching her damp pussy. Moving me backwards and forwards she rubbed the helmet of my penis against her labia and outer lips. 

Her teasing continued as she leaned forward and started to kiss me once more. Breaking from our embrace she looked into my eyes. "Are you sure you are cool with this?"


"Christ yes, please don't stop." 

She smiled at me. "Okay, but I want to be in control, okay?" I nodded, willing to do anything that would allow me to have her beautiful body. "Don't say anything just enjoy me." With that she gently placed me against her sweet opening. Placing her spare hand on my shoulder she very slowly sank her weight down until my cock had pierced her sex. Letting go of my shaft she put her other hand on my shoulder. With a hand on each of my shoulders she pushed down until I had completely filled her. At this point she fell forward and began kissing me. 

While we kissed she began to rise and fall getting accustomed to the length of my shaft. Once she had done this she began to move up and down gradually getting quicker. Even though her chest was quite small she was still jiggling as she rode me. Her nipples were rigid and very erect. I placed my mouth over her right areola, suckling hard on her, making her moan out load. I felt her fingers move over her clitoris as she rubbed herself while she rocked backwards and forwards on me.

"Fuck me Lucy this is so horny." Steve said. We both looked to the side where Steve had knelt on the seat next to us. His hand was pumping backwards and forwards on his erection. 

Falling forward Lucy pulled herself tight against me as she kissed and licked my neck. When her mouth found my ear she licked my earlobe before giving it gentle nibbles and pulls. All the while she was slowly fucking my cock. Her breath was becoming laboured. "This is lovely Paul. I want to have your hard cock in my pussy and his cock filling my mouth when I orgasm, after you can cum inside me, don't worry I'm protected." 

Then she moved slightly to her right, beckoning Steve to come closer, then she placed her lips over the tip of his dick and moved her head slowly up and down. She placed one of her hands on my chest with the other on Steve's chest. We both stopped moving which was obviously what she wanted as we both got a thumbs up. She concentrated on sucking Steve as she rubbed furiously at her clitoral hood. Occasionally she rose and fell on my cock, once or twice I slowly raised her by bringing my hips up. I put my mind to focusing on holding on until Lucy had experienced her sexual release yet I watched my mates cock pushing into her mouth. 

"Mmmmm I am going to cum you minx!" Steve moaned. I saw his balls tighten which was quickly followed by Lucy's cheeks expand, her throat visibly swallowed, as I heard the squelch as his seed was drawn down her willing neck. As he calmed she kissed and licked him as his penis began to shrivel. 

"Now it's my turn." She said as she turned to face me once more then she began to bounce on my lap. I looked into her eyes and I could see by the look on her face that she was desperate to climax before me. I licked my fingers and let my hand fall to her groin. Seeking out her clitoris I began to rub my fingers over her fleshy lips in a figure of eight pattern. "Wow that's it keep that up. I'm cumming… oh yes…. Oh Jesus this is so intense. Fuck me hard. Oh yes, now please please fill me Oh god." Her chest and face flushed as she leant back and as her pussy pulsed and throbbed around my hard cock her eyes rolled back as she moaned. 

After she had cum she pushed me back in the seat and thrust her groin up and down riding me. I could feel my semen building and knew that I was about to cum. I pulled her to me and kissed her as my cock exploded. My sperm flooded her as she rode my dick.

"Thank you." I said.

"I think we all enjoyed that. Hold on let me help you get clean." With that she lifted herself off of me. I felt my spunk slide down onto my groin, leg and the leather of the sofa. Lucy then knelt between my legs and slowly and tenderly started to kiss and lick at my skin. She removed and cleaned the liquid away. I closed my eyes enjoying the sensation of her soft tongue and lips caressing me before she let out a soft gasp. I looked down to see that Steve had regained his erection that he was now sliding inside of Lucy. He moved her legs so that they were splayed wide open and he leaned into her filling her damp, semen coated, vagina. Having enjoyed the sight of his girlfriend having sex Steve was now really slamming into her. I placed my arms under her and gently eased her to the floor so the Steve could enjoy the moment of screwing her with no interference from me. They were embracing, kissing, nibbling and petting as he relentlessly repeatedly penetrated her.

No words were said as once more she began to convulse. This time she had received no clitoral stimulus and then Steve thrust deeply into her as he buried his sperm deep inside of her throbbing vagina. I later found out that that was the first occasion that Lucy had achieved and orgasm purely from penetrative sex alone.

Steve and I sat on each side of Lucy as she massaged or cocks and balls. We took turns in kissing her lips, her nipples, her neck and earlobes. Once I was stiff once more she told me that she wanted to thank me and she gave me a slow and sensual blowjob. 
