 It was a warm Saturday night in June. I was preparing for my best friend Tasha's graduation party and I'd chosen a short white sundress, one that that hugged my boobs and barely covered the top of my thighs. It was my last ditch effort to seduce her before we both left for college. With her beautiful cocoa skin, pouty lips and round curves, I hadn't been able to stop fantasizing about her for the last year. Tonight, I planned on giving her a going away present that would make her toes curl; especially, now that her boyfriend Tyrone was kicked to the curb. 

"Have you met the neighbors yet?" asked my mom, poking her head into my bedroom.

"Yeah, kind of," I answered, running a brush through my long red hair. "They're a little weird."

My mom's eyes narrowed. "How so?"

I just shrugged.

There was no way I was going to tell her that I'd been laying out in the sun earlier this afternoon, while she was at work, and I'd actually witnessed them fucking in their backyard. 

"Well, I think they're very nice. In fact, they asked if you'd be free to babysit next weekend for their one year old."

I nodded. "I think I'm free."

I could certainly use the money.

"Well, could you do me a favor and let them know before you leave, tonight? Otherwise, I'll forget."

My mom works as a nurse. Her hours are long and she's usually exhausted by the time she makes it home. She'd definitely forget if I didn't do something about it myself.

I applied a thick layer of cherry flavored lip gloss and smacked my lips. "Sure, mom."

She left my room and I thought back to scene earlier, of the neighbors getting hot and heavy when I was just an earshot away. They had to have known I was in the backyard, with my loud music playing. Of course, with the shrubs and trees, they probably couldn't see me, which was probably for the best; I'd had my top off and was trying to catch a little sun so I wouldn't look like Casper the Friendly Ghost when I made it to Tasha's party, later that evening. Anyway, I heard the neighbor lady moaning between songs and it had actually made me so hot, I'd went inside, pulled out my vibrator and got down to business. What was even better was that my bedroom faced their backyard, so I'd actually seen the husband's hard ass pumping into his wife, her tits jiggling with every thrust. Oh, and she'd been loving every minute of it while I'd been upstairs staring down at them, rubbing my pussy as I fantasized about riding her face as he fucked her. Needless to say, I came almost as hard as they did.

I took one last look in the mirror, added a little perfume, and told my mother I was leaving.

"Drive safely," she said. "Remember, there are lots of cops around. Don't do anything stupid."

"You're so paranoid," I said.

She kissed my forehead. "I'm just old and wise."

As I was leaving, I remembered what she told me about letting the neighbors know about next weekend, so I went over and knocked on the door. 

"Hi," I said, when the wife answered the door. 

She was taller than me with long dark hair and deep brown eyes. I figured her to be somewhere close to thirty. 

She grinned broadly. "Oh, hi. You must be Ashley? I'm Vale."

I nodded. "Um, yeah my mom said you needed a babysitter for next weekend?"

She smiled. "Yes. Come on in and meet my husband. My parents are watching Billy tonight, otherwise, I'd have you meet him, too."

I waved my hand. "That's okay. I'm great with children. I'm sure we'll get along just fine."

I followed her inside where her husband was sitting on the couch, his back to us, playing some kind of video game on the television.

She cleared her throat. "Um, honey? The girl from next door is here."

"Oh, hold on one second," he said, trying to kill a monster with some kind of fiery sword.

She smiled at me. "Sorry, he's still such a big kid himself."

I smacked my gum. "No problem."

He swore as he died and then put down the joystick he'd been using. When he stood up and turned around, my breath caught in my throat and I almost choked on my gum. 

Fucking gorgeous... 

Dark hair, clear blue eyes, and dimples that probably got him his way; all the time. Thinking about his perfectly sculpted ass pumping into wife earlier that day, started another fire between my legs.

"Hi," he smiled, holding out his warm hand. "I'm Shane."

I smiled and stared into his eyes, feeling like a lovesick puppy. "Hi."

"So," he said, still smiling. "You're the girl next door."

I laughed at the way he said it. I'd always pictured the girl next door as someone demure, innocent, and sweet.

If he only knew. 

"Your mom says you're going away to college in a couple of months?" asked Vale.

I nodded. "Yeah. T.C.U."

"We met in college," said Shane, turning towards his wife. "Those were some good times, huh Vale?"

She licked her lips and smiled. "Definitely."

He put an arm around her. "Poor Vale, she met me and I kind of tied her down." 

Fuck, he could tie me down...

She threw her head back and laughed. "Literally."

I could tell the smile he gave her held many intimate secrets. 

"See," he murmured, turning back to me. "She was a free spirit when I met her; reckless, unabashed, and very sexy. She's still that way today, except now with our youngest, it's been very exhausting for her to say the least. She hasn't been able to let loose her wild side anymore."

"I'm sure," I said, wondering where this was going.

"It's my birthday, today," she said, moving away from us. "I was just about to open a bottle of champagne. Would you share a toast with us?"

"I'm only eighteen," I said, biting the side of my lip. "but, happy birthday, Vale."

"Oh, you're an adult now and its only one small glass. If you won't tell, we won't," said Shane.

I smiled. "That sounds good to me."

Vale disappeared and Shane's eyes traveled down my tight white dress. "You look like you're ready to break some hearts in that dress. Going to a party?"

I nodded. "Graduation."

He licked his lips and stared at my boobs, which I knew were pushed to their capacity inside of my dress. "Can I ask you something?"

"Sure," I answered.

His eyes met mine. "Did you hear us earlier?"

I could feel my face turn pink; of course I knew exactly what he was talking about. 

He smiled. "It was her idea, to make love outside. She knew you were out there and it turned her on. She adores redheads."

My pussy twitched as I realized the invitation into their home wasn't all that innocent. 

Thoughts of her hands on my skin flashed through my mind and my mouth went dry. "She does?" I answered breathlessly.

He slowly undressed me with his eyes. "So, do I."

I stared at him, now aching with desire. He was so hot and it was obvious that he worked out from the way his t-shirt hugged his broad shoulders and tight abs. I'd already seen his muscular ass with his wife's hands gripping them from behind. 

He smiled wickedly, as if he could read my thoughts, and then brushed a hand over his growing bulge. 

Oh, my God.

I wanted to tear off his clothes right there and ride his cock, grinding my hips against his pelvis as he stared up at me. I wanted to feed the ache he'd ignited when I saw him fucking his wife earlier. I wanted him inside of me, hammering and hammering, and it was making me crazy...

Fuck. 

I'd have to go home and change my panties before I left for the party. They were already soaked.

As I crossed my legs, Vale walked back into the room, breaking the sexual tension in the air.

"The mood seems so serious in here," she laughed, looking at us.

"Everything's cool," said Shane.

Still horny, I stared at her with lustful intrigue, wondering what her nipples looked like and if she shaved her pussy. She really was a nice looking woman and I could tell she kept herself in shape.

"Ashley and I were just talking about red-heads," he murmured.

She smiled and poured us each a glass of bubbly. "Really?"

"Yes, I was telling her how much we both enjoyed them."

Her eyes met mine and they appeared more amused than anything. "It's true."

"Let's have a toast," announced Shane, raising his glass. "To my wife's thirtieth birthday. May she get everything she wants on this a special day."

"Cheers," I said.

We clinked glasses and I took a sip, enjoying the taste. It was fizzy and made my tummy warm as it went down.

"I hope I didn't offend you," said Shane, putting his glass down.

I shook my head. "No."

"It's just that we saw you, sunbathing earlier..."

My face turned red. "You saw me naked?"

Vale licked her lips. "It's nothing to be ashamed of. You're so beautiful."

I laughed. "Well, now my breasts are slightly pink from getting burned by the sun, so I probably won't be doing that again, anytime soon."

Vale's eye's narrowed. "Did you put anything on them? Aloe Vera?"

"I didn't have any."

"I'll be right back," she said and left the room. When she returned she held a bottle of green gel. "Here, take this home. It will help."

I took another drink of my champagne and giggled to myself, thinking about how I was going to shock the hell out of them. It was definitely what they wanted, I could tell the way they were each leering at me, and now I was horny as all hell. 

"I should probably put some on right now," I said, putting down my glass. Then I watched their expressions as I raised my dress over my head and tossed it to the ground. 

"Oh..." smiled Vale.

Because I'd been wearing a white dress, my push-up bra and thong were both ivory. I probably looked like a new bride offering herself on her wedding night. I unclasped my bra and walked towards her, still covering my boobs with the sides of it. "Would you help me with that?' I asked, motioning towards the bottle.

Her hands were shaking as she opened the bottle, her face flushed. She squirted some into her palms and stared at my cleavage. "Remove your bra," she whispered.

I took it off and her hands moved to my heavy globes, rubbing the green slimy gel over them. 

"Mm..." I sighed, enjoying the cooling affect it had on my sunburned skin.

"Put more on," murmured Shane. He was now sitting in their club chair, his hand rubbing the bulge between his legs.

"I'd better," she said, squirting more into her palms. "It must feel good, her nipples are hard."

I bent my head backwards and let out a soft moan as her hands moved over my skin, rubbing and squeezing. 

"More," demanded Shane, his voice barely a whisper. "Put more on."

I looked over at him and noticed he'd unbuttoned his jeans. His hand was in his boxers, moving as he stared at us. 

"Enjoying the view?" I asked sliding my hand towards my panties. I slid it over, exposing my trim red landing strip and glistening slit.

"God, that's sexy," murmured Vale, going down on her knees. She then opened my slit, exposing my pink folds.

"Yes," I whispered, as other hand slid up between my thighs and found my hole. She began wiggling my clit and pussy with her hands, driving me crazy.

"So perfect," she said, moving closer to my mound her warm breath teasing my skin. "I have to taste." 

"Fuck," I grunted as she grasped my ass and pulled me towards her hot tongue. 

"Eat that pussy," growled Shane, whose thick cock was out in the open now, being stroked vigorously as he watched us. 

Her tongue slid greedily into my slit, finding my swollen clit and I grabbed her head to keep from falling backwards. "Yes," I whimpered.

"So good," she whispered, sliding her tongue slowly around my labia. "So fucking sweet."

Shane stood up and moved behind his wife, removing her top and watching as Vale slowly fucked my pussy with her tongue. 

"Make her cum," he said, tugging on her pinkish brown nipples, making them pucker.

Vale's tongue moved faster, flicking and teasing my clit as she stared at me between my legs, a triumphant look in her eyes as my legs began to shake.

"You going to cum for me?" she asked, shoving two then three fingers inside of my dripping snatch. 

"Yes, keep eating my pussy," I groaned, grabbing her hair, and shoving my mound against her unwavering mouth. "Come on. Eat it."

Her fingers slid faster and faster, in and out, while her tongue danced around my clit, sucking and nibbling until I couldn't hold back. My body convulsed as the orgasm roared through my body. 

"Yes!" I screamed as my juices released all over her lips, and she lapped it all up. "Mm...mm" 

"That's it," she murmured, licking her lips. "Good girl."

"Your turn," I whispered, looking down at her as she reached up for my breasts.

Shane pulled her up from the ground then removed her pants until she wore nothing but a black thong. 

"Come with us," she said, grabbing my hand. The next thing I knew we were in their bedroom. She turned to me and began kissing my lips, our breasts pressed against each other.

"Do you want to fuck my husband?" she whispered, trailing her tongue down my neck to my nipples.

Oh, God, yes...

But, I was afraid to respond to that, so instead, I grabbed her hand and moved over to the bed. "It's your birthday and you haven't been spanked, yet."

She smiled. "Oh?"

I then pushed her onto the bed so that she was on her knees. 

Shane seemed to be holding back from touching me but I grabbed his cock and stroked it a couple of times, feeling his pre-cum on my hand.

"God," he groaned as my hand held him firmly, trying to decide what to do. I wanted to taste it so bad, but it was Vale's birthday and I was the third wheel. 

I licked my lips. "Shane, she needs to blow her candle."

He smiled and then moved in front of her, waving his hard cock. I watched as she opened her mouth and he shoved it in.

"Fuck, yeah," he grunted, as she began stroking and sucking.

"That's it Vale," I said, moving towards her ass, which was up in the air. "Suck that fucking cock." Then I raised my hand and slapped her ass playfully. "One."

She groaned.

I reached over and squeezed one of her tits, pinching the nipple. "You like getting slapped?" I whispered.

She didn't say anything, so I slapped her cheek harder. "Two."

"Oh," she panted. She then spread her legs wider and I slid one of my fingers down her crevice, feeling her soaked thong.

"Oh, you do like that?" I asked, slapping her again. "Three."

"Yeah, slap that ass," growled Shane as she continued to work his cock in and out of her mouth. 

And I did. I kept slapping it, not too hard but watching in delight as her skin turned pink.

"Twenty-eight," I said, this time sliding a teasing finger over her hard dripping nub and wiggling it around.

"Mm..." she whimpered as I removed it, pushing her ass towards me, wanting more.

I slapped her again and gripped her mound in my hand when I was done, reveling in how drenched I'd made her. "Twenty-nine."

"One more, baby," said Shane, his face flushed from trying to hold back as she sucked him off.

I slapped her again, this time working my fingers back up to her slit afterwards. "Thirty."

I then got on my back and slipped my head between her legs, so she was straddling my face with her musky scent.

"Yeah," she moaned as I pulled her pussy towards my mouth and attacked her slickened clit. 

"You're so wet," I whispered, sliding my fingers into her pussy.

"Oh, my God," she whimpered.

I trailed my tongue around her clit, stroking and flicking, licking and sucking. Soon she was grinding her mound against my face with such force, I could barely breathe.

"Suck my pussy," she panted, grabbing the top of my hair and pulling me closer. "Eat it."

I buried my nose into her labia, shaking my entire face as my fingers pushed in and out of her drenched pussy. 

"You like that?" growled her husband. "You like getting your pussy sucked with my dick in your mouth?"

She groaned and sucked him harder as I worked her cunt with my mouth and fingers.

"Fuck," he groaned. "This is fucking amazing, I...I... can't hold back anymore. I'm gonna ...cum..."

"Cum on my tits," she demanded.

He pulled out of her mouth and shot his load all over her nipples just as her body tensed up and she exploded her hot juices all over my lips and chin.

"Yes," she growled, grinding her pelvis against my mouth. "Fuck, yes."

When she finally slowed down, I grabbed one of her tits and squeezed while she stared into my eyes from above. 

"You're a hot little thing, aren't you?" she murmured, sliding off my face. "That tongue of yours has a mind of its own."

I wiped my mouth and smiled as Shane took her into his arms. The look in both of their eyes held promises of more adventures to come. "So, I've been told."