 It was a couple of days before I saw Frank and Lisa again - a couple of very confusing days, since I'd lost my anal virginity and swallowed semen. I'd never considered myself gay or bi before, but the sex with Frank and his wife had been so hot, I knew there was something there. Now I found myself checking out guys as well as girls. When I looked at the nudie magazines I'd brought to my little housesitting "job," I flipped to the pages that showed couples together, imagining myself with both of them. I'd discovered a new side of myself and I wasn't sure what to do with it. Fortunately, Frank and Lisa had some ideas.

I was just lying around being lazy one evening when Lisa called on the phone. "Alex honey, come over, sweet cheeks," she said. "There's someone I want you to meet." 

Needless to say I ran over to their house in short order, wondering what was in store for me now. Lisa met me at the door and ushered me into the living room, where there was a girl about my own age sitting in her bra and panties on the floor looking at a Polaroid photo. She was a petite girl, fair skinned with dark, bobbed hair and beautiful brown eyes. Lisa introduced us. 

"Alex, this is Christina. She was the housesitter next door last year. We've kept in touch, you see." Christina giggled. 

"Lisa was my first woman," she said, "Just like Frank was your first man." She held up the photo and I realized it was the shot they'd taken of me the night before with Frank's cum on my face. I blushed. 

"Look, he's embarrassed," said Lisa.

"He shouldn't be," Christina answered. "I think it's hot." She took my hand and pulled me down next to her. "Don't be shy about it. I'm bi too," she said. "I found it was very liberating, opening myself up to that kind of experience. Just be up front about it. I think it's sexy. Say it. Say, 'I like sucking cock.'"

"I like sucking cock," I said, tentatively.

Lisa chuckled. "Wow. That was a turn-on," she said sarcastically. 

"Come on, make me believe it," Christina said. 

"I love sucking cock. I want to suck a big hard throbbing dick until it blows down my throat. I want to take a big fat cock in my ass, too," I said, for good measure. 

Lisa and Christina both laughed. Christina pulled me closer. "I find bisexuality irresistible in a man," she murmured in my ear, running her hand under my shorts to where my cock was already stirring. 

"I'm glad you two are getting along," Lisa said. "I just love to see young people get together." Christina licked my earlobe and gently ran her tongue along my neck until it reached my mouth. Unable to hold back, I kissed her passionately, our tongues lashing against each other. She started pulling my clothes off, but Lisa stopped her. 

"Hold on," she said. "Let me explain to Alex why I asked him to come over." 

"Oh yeah - that's right. We need you, honey." 

"Frank and I are entertaining tonight. Friends of ours, Don and Karen, are in town for the night from Los Angeles. They're bi too -- we've done swinger type things with them before. Our idea was that you two would make a wonderful gift to them -- we'd have you here tonight as our little sex toys for the four of us to amuse ourselves with. Since you enjoyed being our slave the other night, I thought you might like this too," Lisa said. 

I looked at Christina. Her tight little body and pert tits were too hot to resist. "Of course," I said. "How can I refuse such a lovely lady?" 

Lisa smiled. "You're such a sweetie. Come on, let's get you guys ready for when Frank gets home from the airport with Don and Karen."

I wasn't sure what "getting ready" meant, but I soon found out. Things were going a bit further than on my first visit to this house, but with two sexy ladies there to lead me on, I was in no shape to resist. Lisa told me Don liked his boys smooth, so I had to shave - not just my face, but my underarms, chest, legs, ass, balls, all of it. Christina and Lisa helped me, and Christina rubbed lotion on my skin after to keep it soft. It was a peculiar feeling, being hairless below the neck. I found that I enjoyed it. Lisa then offered me what was basically a thong to wear. It felt so kinky feeling the thong slide up my asscrack, right where I'd be fucked later that night. I could hardly wait. Christina dressed in a tight little thong bikini also, and then Lisa sent us into the den to wait for the others to get there. 

When Don & Karen arrived, Lisa and Frank showed them into the den where Christina & I were lying on the couch. 

"To make your stay memorable," Frank said, "We thought we'd offer you these two horny little 19-year-olds. Meet Christina and Alex, your entertainment for the evening."

Karen, a tall, leggy blonde in her early 40s, spoke first. "They're cute. What do they do?" 

"Whatever you want," Lisa said. "Just ask."

"Will the boy suck my cock?" Don asked, unzipping his pants. This crowd wasn't much on formalities! I walked over to him, knelt down and freed his member from his pants. It was huge - a good 9 inches and quite thick. I massaged it gently, then placed my mouth over it. Within seconds I was sucking, my own hands massaging my cock through the tight thong. As I sucked Don's cock, Christina put her head under Karen's skirt and started licking her out. Within a few minutes everyone was nude and licking and fingering each other. 

The girls agreed that they all wanted to see an all-male sex show. Christina was fascinated by my cocksucking, and she wanted to see me take it in the ass, something I wanted very badly at that moment and didn't mind admitting. Don lay down on his back, his fat dick flopping back against his belly. I knelt over him on all fours and started licking it and sucking it again. I felt Frank's finger rubbing cold lube around the rim of my ass. His finger slipped in, then another. When he'd greased me up good, I felt the tip of his cockhead against my butt. 

"Oh, yeah, Frank, fuck him," Karen moaned. Christina had two fingers buried in Karen's cunt, while Karen was massaging Lisa's clit. 

I felt the same painful pressure as before against my sphincter, and cried out softly - then he was in. "Oh yess," I moaned. "Give it to me deep in my ass!" It felt so good to know that I was bi and that sensation was what I craved. Frank started fucking hard, his hips rocking and his stiff tool pistoning in and out of my chute so deep and fast I could hardly stand it. I was gasping for breath, still bobbing my head furiously up and down on Don's dick. I felt Don shift under me, his beefy frame tensing, and then he came. I couldn't believe how much jizz flooded my mouth. I slurped up as much as I could, letting the rest run down his cock and balls. I turned around to look at Frank, and the sight of me with cum on my lips must have sent him over the edge. He grunted and pulled his spurting cock out of my ass, spewing sperm onto my buttcheeks and back. 

Since the girls had their show, we demanded a lezzy display now. The ladies were quick to oblige. Lisa and Karen both dipped their heads to Christina's shaved crotch, lapping at her tender pussy as she spread her legs. 

"We're going to fuck your ass just like Don and Frank fucked your boyfriend's," Karen said, pulling on the strapon Lisa had used on me previously. "You're taking it in the rear until we both come." 

Christina moaned unitelligibly, but it seemed to imply consent. She lay on her back, legs apart and high over her head, while Lisa knelt over her face. The sweet girl licked the hot woman furiously, while Karen slowly lubed up her dildo, pressing it up against the young girl's butt. Gently she began forcing it into Christina. The girl moaned softly, then yelped "Oh YEAH! Fuck my ASS!" The dildo slid easily into her anus, and Karen started fucking her steadily as Christina lapped away at Lisa's cunt. Soon Lisa was clearly on the verge. Her thighs quivered and she came in Christina's pretty face, the cute girl eagerly licking up every drop of juice. Then Karen and Lisa switched places. This time, though, Lisa lay down so that Christina could ride her cowgirl style while she licked and fingered Karen to a satisfying climax. 

"Well," said Lisa when the sapphic display concluded, "We've buttfucked our little friends and enjoyed them so thoroughly, but we haven't made them cum yet. What shall we do?"

"I have a suggestion," Don said. "Watching you girls has got me and Frank ready to go again" - they'd been stroking each other the whole time - "Why don't we have a little blowjob competition?"

"What do you mean?" Christina asked. "Simple," Don answered. "You two suck off me and Frank. Whoever sucks his guy off first is the winner, and gets to fuck anyone in the room any way they want. The loser has to do something super kinky as punishment."

"Like taking the Mondo," Lisa said.

"Oh, yeah," said Karen. 

"What's the Mondo?" I asked. 

Lisa demonstrated, pulling from a cupboard a large dildo -- larger than seemed possible. The head of the thing was bigger around than a fist, and the shaft didn't narrow down that much. 

"Oh my god," Christina and I said in unison.

"With enough lube, it can be taken," Lisa said. "I've done it, and I've seen it done - quite an experience. Are you two up for this?" 

I looked at Christinaa's petite, tight, pale body. Her shaved cunt was dripping wet and I wanted to fuck her so bad I could hardly sit up straight. 

"Sure," I said. Christina agreed, probably in no better condition than I was. 

Don and Frank stood against the wall of the den. Christina and I knelt in front of them. I had Don's cock in front of me again - huge thing that it was. Hardly fair. At a signal from Karen we both began licking and sucking to the best of our ability. 

Don was a tiger, and his dick was stiff again in no time. I did everything I could think of, running my fingers over his asscrack and balls, licking his little peehole, swirling my tongue around his cockhead. I felt like such a slut - and it was great. Then I heard Christina moan next to me. I looked over and saw Frank's dick spurting little geysers of white juice onto her flickering pink tongue. She'd won! 

As soon as Frank was done cumming Christina pulled me off of Don. "Stop sucking that dick - I want that damn thing in my pussy!" she declared, pushing a grinning Don onto the floor and mounting him without further ado. No doubt Christina was getting hers... now I was to get mine.

I looked up and saw Karen cradling the huge dong in her hands. Lisa was smearing lube over it generously. "Lots of lubrication," she said. "That's the key. You can do it honey." 

My heart was in my throat. I didn't know if I could take it - but I didn't want to stop. I wanted to do whatever they decided to do to me. So I submitted when Karen directed me onto all fours, tenderly stroking my backside. Lisa straddled me, holding my hips steady with her hands while Karen got behind me with the dong. I felt its huge presence at my back door, pushing, pushing -- it didn't seem possible. Then I screamed. Karen had forced the huge head of the dong into me, stretching me incredibly wide. It was agony. She kept shoving it up me, impaling me on the enormous dildo. I kept shrieking as it reamed me. Christina and Don stopped fucking to watch me get done, while I squirmed and squealed in front of them. My cries died down as I adjusted to having the huge thing stretching my butt. 

"Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck... Ooooh..." I moaned. Karen established a gentle rhythm with the dong, and I felt kind of hot getting reamed like this in front of all of them. She kept working it gently in and out, and Lisa began tenderly caressing my body with her fingers. She worked her way down to my cock, stroking it more and more firmly until finally I couldn't stand it anymore. My dick jumped, and I felt something cold bump against it. Lisa was holding a cup under my cock to catch my cum. It was too late to hold back now, the assfucking I was getting was too undeniably hot. I felt the orgasm rush up from the depths of my body, semen spewing from my cock into the cup in Lisa's hand. When I was spent Karen pulled the dong out of my ass, leaving my asshole gaping open. I collapsed on the floor, and Lisa offered Karen the cup of my cum. The sexy blonde looked at it as though it were some kind of wine, swilled it around a little, then drank it. I couldn't believe what had just happened. 

Christina and Don were done with their roll in the hay as well by then, and as soon as I was finished she lay down next to me. 

"This boy is so adorable," she said. "I want to keep him." I was flattered. Frankly, I'd felt more than a little chemistry with her and wasn't keen to be parted from her company either. 

"I think Don and I would like to keep both of you," Karen said. "If the two of you came back to California with us, you could stay at our place. You'd earn your keep like you did tonight, and if you want something extra, well, there's always the business." 

"What?" Christina and I asked together. 

Don explained. It seemed he and Karen were quite rich in addition to being perverts. One of his hobbies was producing porn films. The proposition they were making was basically that Christina and I would fly home with them the next day, live at their place as sex slaves, and appear in porno films. It was crazy. 

"We'll treat you great, honey," Karen said. "It's not like you're in bondage or something. You could leave anytime. But as long as you keep putting out for us and whoever else we want, we'll put you both up rent free and support you. Want pocket change, shoot the occasional porno scene. We're always looking for young hotties like you two." 

I looked a Christina. Something in her eyes said she was thinking about it. How could we? But then, how could we not? I felt her soft body next to me. She was what I wanted. I couldn't leave her.

"Sounds good to me," I said. 

That was the beginning of a whole new story.