 [This is Johnny's second meeting with Zoey, and the tenth story of Johnny's life in Atlanta. But you can read these stories in any order. As always, some of these events actually happened. I will leave it up to the reader to figure out which ones.]

Zoey had found me on an online dating site on Monday, but I found out quickly that she was only in town for a four-day conference. I had taken her out to dinner anyway, and apparently that made a big impression, because we had shared an incredible night in her motel room. 

Zoey was about my age, but she was in much better shape than me. She had dark hair and dark eyes, and a tight body that showed off a lot of exercise, (or possibly some expensive plastic surgery). The only sign of her age was some slight laugh lines around the eyes. Even with the tiny wrinkles, though, she looked much younger than me.

I also guessed that she made a lot more money than me. She was in town for a medical conference, and she clearly had been given some sort of expense account by one of the vendors.

I was worried that a girl like that would simply move on to some other guy the next day, but she seemed to be interested in hooking up with me again. During her conference, on Tuesday, by 10:00 am, she was already texting me and telling me what we would do that night.

I had gone back to work straight from her hotel, but long before lunch she had already sent me a text asking if I was available for dinner and sex. She didn't seem too concerned that someone might see the messages, because her texts got more explicit as the morning went on, including a close-up shot of her fingering her pussy, apparently under the table at the conference. 

She did not invite me for lunch. In fact, she bragged that she had invited the instructor up to her room at lunch, and fucked him in the shower. Afterwards, she even sent me a close-up picture of his dick deeply inserted into her ass. She then teased me about it in the next few texts, asking me if I got turned on thinking about another guy fucking her during lunch break.

The previous night, I had learned that she really enjoyed anal sex, and that she carried condoms around with her everywhere she went. She may have been testing to see if I would get jealous, or she may have simply not cared that if I was jealous or not, but either way the message was that she did whatever she wanted, and I could play along or go home. 

In fact, I was a little jealous. I had to think for a minute to figure out why. We had only shared one night, and as she reminded me, "Tim" was not the first guy she had fucked that morning. (Right after waking up, we had taken a shower together, and fucked in almost the same position as in the sex pic she had sent me.) She had been completely honest with me that she liked to fuck a bunch of different guys, and that she couldn't do it in her small town. Even though we had met on a dating site, she made it clear that what we were doing was not dating.

I finally decided that the jealousy was my problem and not hers. Here was a beautiful girl who apparently made a pretty good living, and was not at all ashamed of her sexuality. ( knew deep down that if I was able to get that much sex, I would do the same.)

The picture eventually stopped bothering me, and the teasing convinced me that I was available for whatever she had in mind. I looked at the picture again for a few minutes. Tim appeared to be wearing a condom, and had shaved off almost all his body hair. Looking at the picture, I found myself getting horny looking forward to fucking Zoey again.

Since I was still wearing the clothes from the day before, I took the opportunity to take a late lunch, go out to a nearby men's store, and purchase a change of clothes.

When quitting time finally came, she had already sent me a couple of more text messages. In the final one, she invited me over to the "professor's" house for dinner. This didn't sound all that much fun to me, particularly since I had a close of photo of his dick (really about half his dick). But Zoey implied that the Professor's wife would be there, so it sounded like anything was possible.

When I didn't respond right away, she texted me "I will make it worth your while." So she knew I would be uncomfortable with the idea, but she was basically promising me that things would work out for me either way.

I responded that I was up for anything, but deep down, I was hoping that I wasn't going to end up with some middle-aged professor's wife while he got to fuck Zoey again.

I picked her up at 5:30, and she gave me an address that turned out to be pretty far outside town. As we drove, she talked about the conference, which was basically a sales conference for new products in oral surgery. She had to dumb it down for me, but basically it was sponsored by a company that made various kinds of implants. The company made so much money that they supplied the doctors who attended the conference with anything they wanted. She hinted that the male doctors got hookers if they wanted them, (which apparently made it hard for her to seduce the other doctors.)

As a female, they had been unsure exactly how to bribe her, so they had supplied her with the most expensive suite at the hotel. In fact, I had slept there Monday night after we had experimented with her magnificent balcony. 

Considering that she was one of the few women there, and certainly the best looking, I actually felt complimented that she had picked me out again. Clearly, she had her pick of guys most everywhere she went.

While we were driving on the interstate, she had been casually stroking my dick through my pants. When we got to the outskirts of the city, she started unbuckling me. I had to adjust my seating a bit to allow her to pull my pants down, but she had them down to my ankles and my dick out in a matter of seconds.

Just as she leaned over and took my dick in her mouth, I saw the police car light up in my rearview mirror. 

She saw the lights reflected on the dashboard, and started laughing right away. When we pulled over, she was still laughing, and had refused to help me pull my pants back up. Instead she had covered me with my other shirt, which did nothing to hide what had been going on.

Fortunately, the police officer had a good sense of humor. When I told him I was just changing into my bathing suit, Zoey broke out laughing, and the officer just rolled his eyes. He ended up not giving me a ticket, but he did give me a verbal warning "no blowjobs in a moving car."

Zoey laughed the rest of the way to Tim's house. I admit that it is kind of funny, looking back on it, but at the time, I felt like it was a bad start that was going to ruin the evening.

When we got to Tim's (the "Professor") house, it was the kind of oversized mini-mansion that you see in suburbs all across the United States. It was huge inside, maybe 5000 square feet or more, but the front yard and back yard were not much bigger than mine. The house was very GQ inside, and we were met at the door by a girl named Mariya who was an absolute knockout.

Mariya was about 19, and was wearing tight jeans with a white halter top. She was blonde and petite, and she had a natural smile that made it look as if she really did enjoy meeting us. She had a very slight accent that hinted of Eastern Europe. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and the had a small face with a slightly pointy nose and a square chin that made her look like a girl in a James Bond movie. When she smiled, her teeth were very white, hinting possibly of some very expensive dental work. In short, it was hard to keep my eyes off her.

I was expecting Tim to introduce her as his daughter, but instead he introduced Mariya as his girlfriend. Because she was so stunning, I assumed at first she was an expensive hooker from the conference, but instead, it turned out that she was one of his students from the local university. 

Tim was a little older than me, and a few inches shorter, and very much looked the part of a college professor. He had a neatly trimmed dark brown beard, and short hair that was turning grey at the edges. His clothes were cleanly pressed, and seemed to match the furniture in an odd black-and-white-granite sort-of way. 

Dinner was interesting, and it sounded like Mariya and Tim had an open relationship, even by the standards of a professor fucking a student. Tim and Zoey talked openly about having sex during their lunch break, and Mariya pretended not to mind at all. She was hard to read, but maybe a combination of jealous and turned on: "Sorry I missed that, but you know, I had a biology test to study for."

"You should have come," Zoey joked. "We studied a little biology."

With that, Zoey got out her phone, and literally showed Mariya the picture she had sent me. Zoey seemed to be teasing Mariya, or maybe testing her, but Mariya responded as if she was a disinterested third party, asking lots of questions about the different places they had sex. It turns out that Zoey and Tim have done this before, and have a history going back at least a few years.

Zoey also told the story about how she had sent the picture to me to get me frustrated, and then made a big show of giving me a blowjob in the car to make up for it. Then she told about the police stop. 

"By now, Johnny must be about ready to explode," Mariya smirked. She cut her eyes up at me and flashed me a smile that hinted that she might enjoy teasing me as well. By then, we had finished dinner, and the sexual tension was pretty thick in the air. I tried to think of a good joke, but all I could come up with was; "Yeah, she played me like a fiddle, when what I really wanted was for her to play me like a harmonica."

Everyone laughed politely, so that I wouldn't be embarrassed by my terrible sense of humor.

"Let's go out to the hot tub," Tim suggested. "It is getting pretty nice outside."

With that, everyone stood up and simply headed straight out to the porch. In fact, the weather was perfect. The sun had almost gone down, and the breeze had picked up just a bit. The heat of the day was done, but it was still warm enough that the night air wouldn't chill us too badly.

The hot tub was a big wooden deal sunk into the deck, and Mariya stood by the edge and casually undressed until she was completely naked, piling her clothes neatly on a nearby lounge chair. As I had noticed before, Mariya had a very tiny body, with smallish tits that were well-rounded on the bottom, and fairly close together. I stood and admired her body as she climbed in the hot tub and motioned for us to join her. 

Zoey and Tim barely noticed Mariya, and were also undressing, as if it was the most normal thing in the world, leaving me as the only one with clothes completely on. When I finally started to undress, I knew that my erection would be pretty obvious, and I wasn't sure if it would make me look like a pervert. After all, maybe they were just nudists. I looked up to see if Tim was sporting a hard on, (figuring that if he was, then I wouldn't feel so awkward.)

Tim was standing in the hot tub up to his thighs, and Zoey was standing in front of him, wrapping a condom slowly over his outstretched dick. Tim was leaning back a little to give her (and us) the best possible view, as if to make his dick look bigger. (It wasn't working: His dick looked shorter than mine, and also not as thick.) He had shaved it down, and he clearly exercised a lot, so except for the outstretched dick, the overall effect was a very organized and orderly professor, auditioning for a porn film.

I stopped what I was doing and stared for a minute as they progressed. They seemed unaware of Mariya and I watching, as Zoey stroked his dick for a few seconds, and then simply turned around and bent forward, presenting her ass to him. 

Instead of rocking forward and sinking his dick into her, Tim sat down in the hot tub as said "Try this." Following his directions, Zoey sat down in his lap, and gradually started working his dick inside her. It couldn't have been easy, since he was under water, but maybe the condom kept some lubrication. Although I couldn't tell from the angle whether he was sticking it in her ass or her pussy, I assed it was her ass because of how long it was taking, (and Zoey's hints from earlier.)

After more than a full minute of squirming, she sat further down and sighed, with his dick apparently buried deep in her ass. At this point, both of them finally looked up from what they were doing, as if they just now noticed Mariya and I. 

"Sorry," Zoey said, "I have been needing that for a while."

Mariya looked over at me, and flashed her smile again. "Now I am super horny. Maybe Johnny can help me out." Her smile was beautiful and mischievous, but her tone of voice sounded a bit sarcastic. Also, when she looked back at Tim, her smile faded just a bit.

I was still getting undressed. "That sounds nice." I said. (As you may have noticed, my conversation skills are almost always this bad.)

Zoey was already grinding her ass slowly on Tim's dick, but she looked up at me and said: "There is a condom in your back pocket."

Sure enough, when I checked my back pocket, there were two condoms that she must have slipped in when I was not paying attention.

"Looks like you got a visit from the condom fairy," joked Mariya.

"Yeah, he left a little something under my pillow last night," said Zoey.

By then I was completely naked, and I had sat down in the hot tub next to Mariya, and felt the electricity start to rise again between us when she pushed her leg against mine. I was working a little too hard to get the condom out of the wrapper, but while I fiddled with it, she reached down, and wrapped her hand around my dick. It was literally one of the best things I have ever felt.

"Oooh, he is nice and big." She glanced over at Tim again, as if teasing him. 

When I got the condom open, I stood up so I could put it on. The lube seemed to be water based (I literally have no idea how Zoey used it underwater), and I didn't want to lose all the lubrication in the warm water of the hot tub. 

When I stood up, Mariya continued stroking my dick, but cut her eyes over at Tim once again. I couldn't tell if she was enjoying herself, or if she was turned on by watching Tim have sex, or if she was just pissed. 

Mariya finally stood up as well, as said; "Let's join in the fun, and maybe give them a show." I literally can't think of anything she could have said that would have sounded sexier to me. Even if it was a grudge fuck to get back at Tim, I was totally ready.

Instead of standing up on the seat of the tub as Tim had done, Mariya and I were both standing on the floor of the hot tub. The hot tub was round, and the area in the middle was small enough that her feet were touching Tim's. Tim and Zoey were apparently both turned on by the idea of watching Mariya and I fuck, and they increased their pace before Mariya and I even figured out the position.

Zoey's feet had been propped up on Tim's thighs, but when Mariya faced her and stood close, Zoey pulled her own knees down, and curled her legs behind her, with her knees wide, almost doing a split.

The hot tub was fairly deep where we stood, and my balls were touching the water. Mariya was much smaller than me, and her pussy was completely under water. If I had simply bent my legs to get down to her level, I think I would have washed the lube off pretty quickly. 

While I was trying to figure out the angle, Mariya mood closer to Zoey, and put her knees on the seat on either side of Tim's legs. When she leaned forward, her breasts were level with Zoey's mouth, and Zoey reached out and drew one nipple and then the other into her mouth.

While Zoey sucked her breasts, Mariya leaned further over and kissed Tim, who was seated so low that he was almost out of her reach.

Even though Mariya's pussy was still under water, this seemed like my first (and maybe only) chance. i approached Mariya from behind, bent my knees, and pushed my dick down and forward to get it between her legs, against the lips of her pussy. I held on to her hips for a moment to steady myself, and I waited a moment or two to make sure my approach had not been too sudden. I was kind of worried that she would call it off, but instead I felt two, and then three hands gently spread her pussy lips and guide my dick inside her.

It took a few minutes to figure out what was going on, but Zoey had one hand in her own pussy, and one hand in Mariya's. Mariya had one hand on Zoey's shoulder and one hand in her own pussy, and Tim had one hand on Zoey's breasts, and one hand in Mariya's pussy. 

"Oh my God," Mariya said. "His dick is huge."

My dick is actually only slightly bigger than average, but it sure was nice as hell for her to say that. Even if she was just trying to piss Tim off, it made me feel like a stud horse.

It also gave me the encouragement to pay attention to fucking her, and not worry about whose hands were on my dick. (I was hoping that it was Tim and Zoey spreading her pussy lips and Mariya guiding my dick, but it could have just as easily been the other way around.) Mariya pushed back against me slowly as my dick worked its way inside her.

Zoey was already bouncing around so much that she occasionally lost track of where her hands and mouth were, but Mariya moved up and down slowly, once, and then twice, stretching my dick almost completely out of her, and then pushing it back in again. 

After a few long strokes, Mariya started a grinding motion, which felt amazing to me. I was kind of expecting Zoey to stop rubbing Mariya's pussy, but she didn't. If anything, she increased the pace to match her own.

Mariya had only leaned down once to kiss Tim, and now she was arching her back, and tilting her head back toward me. I took the opportunity to take my hands off her hips, and move one hand up to left breast. With the other hand, I stroked her neck, and when I felt the goosebumps form, I gently grazed her neck with my lips. 

After just a bit of this, Mariya started coming (or faking it, for all I know). She sped up her grinding motion for a moment, and then stopped still while Zoey and Tim fingered her pussy. I could feel their hands brushing against my dick, but it felt so good to feel Mariya's pussy pulsing against me that I ignored all the assistance she seemed to be getting.

With Zoey and Tim fingering her at a rapid pace, Mariya made a series of grunts and groans, and then collapsed in Zoey's arms. Zoey had to move her hands to catch Mariya, and as she bent forward, Mariya pushed back against me so that my dick remained inside her. Zoey was looking over Mariya's shoulder though, and staring me straight in the eyes. 

Although I had been really getting into it, Mariya had come (or faked her orgasm) in just a minute or two, and appeared to be ready to quit. I was looking down at her smooth back and narrow ass, and trying to decide how rude it would be to continue fucking her. It almost didn't matter, though. As hot as she was, and as tight as she was, I could have easily unloaded in her right then.

Zoey mouthed something to me, but I couldn't tell what it was, so I finally just shrugged and and smiled, and said "What? out loud.

"Don't come yet," Zoey said, still staring at me but stroking Mariya's hair. "I want you to come inside me."

This was actually messing up my plans a little. With the weight of Mariya's tiny body pushing back against me, I could feel my dick bottoming out against her cervix, and was about to blow my load any second. 

"Good thing you told me," I said. "Because you might be running a marathon, but I am about to finish up a 100 yard dash."

Mariya was starting to recover, and she lifted her tiny frame gently of Zoey's chest, and pulled herself slowly off of my dick just by standing straight. She then turned to face me, and gave me a deep kiss. I loved the feel of her breasts pressed against me, and she seemed to enjoy the feeling my my dick pressed into her stomach. I ran my hands from her hips to her back, enjoying how small she felt in my hands. She pulled back a little, and so I removed my hands, but she made a slight hand wave as if it was totally fine for me to keep fondling her body in front of Tim and Zoey. At any rate, Mariya then cupped my dick in her hand, and pulled the slightly loose condom the rest of the way off.
