 My second submission (ha, ha) with Meg. Love hearing comments, especially from any women who have tried this (or want to!)

*****

The morning after Meg took my anal virginity was surprisingly normal. She woke up and made coffee while I stumbled to the shower, and then we both hung around on the balcony like any other Sunday morning. Neither of us talked about what had happened the previous night. Not because it was taboo, I don't think, but because Meg was giving me time to process.

And I probably did need a little time to process. She had violated me so completely- turned the tables so completely- that there was still a part of me asking whether it was OK. But it was, I realized. Nothing changed. We were just two adults having fun, and if it was a turn-on for her... well, it was a turn-on for me too.

I couldn't look at her quite the same way when I passed her in the hallways at school, though. Her pretty green eyes would flash at me, and I thought (or was I imagining?) that there was a mischievous hint of teasing in her glance. Like she was saying, "We both know what I did to you..." But she never said anything, it was just the look... just once, when we were in an elevator together, she slid her hand up the back of my ass and squeezed lightly. I would have said something, but there was a senior secretary in the elevator with us. Who would have guessed that this 32-year-old TA would be so devious?

We had sex a couple of times in the month after that, and she put her finger in my ass while going down on me, but we never repeated the full-on exploration of that first night. I was relieved, and also a little disappointed. I started thinking about it when I was alone, when I was masturbating, and then even when I was inside her. I decided that I wanted her to take me again. I just needed to get up the courage to ask.

Her birthday had passed, but mine was coming up, so that seemed like the perfect excuse. I playfully texted her and asked her what I should expect for a present. 

"Oh, I have something in mind. Something I KNOW you want..." she texted back. 

"Hmm... How do you know I want it?" I asked, trying to be clever.

"Because EVERY guy wants it," she replied, with an evil smiley face. 

Well shit. I guess I didn't have to guess what that meant. I nervously (and excitedly) looked forward to my birthday weekend. 

Friday night finally arrived and I had prepared for the event. My bedroom was well-stocked and I had even taken the liberty of inserting a medium-sized plug to loosen up my ass. She told me that she would be coming over about six, and to be "ready." So I was.

At 6:15 she knocked on the door and I answered. She looked fantastic- in fact, she was all dolled up, with a glittery black cocktail dress and heels. She wore silver hoop earrings and had put on makeup. I must have looked a little surprised, standing there in jeans and a T-shirt.

"Come on, hurry up and change!" she said.

"Change? Are we going out?" I stammered.

"Yes, of course. You didn't think we were going to spend your birthday holed up in your apartment, did you?"

Well, YES, actually. But OK. I ran back inside and looked around my closet, realizing that I would need to take out the plug also. How was I going to non-awkwardly do that?

"Here!" she said, grabbing a red collared shirt off a hanger. "Just wear this. Jeans are fine, just put on nicer shoes."

"Ummm.. no, I can wear something else, I just need a minute..."

"Taxi's waiting! Come on!"

Taxi? How was I going to get out of this one? Shit. There was no option really- Meg could be insistent when she wanted to be. I grabbed the shirt and followed her down the stairs and into the back of the cab. As I sat down, I could feel the plug pushing deeper. My cock surged. 

I must have let out a sound, because Megan leaned into me and whispered, "Everything all right?"

I nodded nervously. "Mmmhmm."

She grinned. "Good. You have a big night ahead of you!" 

We arrived at a trendy wine bar-club and walked to a circular booth in the corner that Meg had evidently reserved. The lights were turned down low and the decor was warm, but there was lots of energy in the air as people mingled about on a Friday night. I had a couple glasses of wine and felt more relaxed. The plug had settled in comfortably and was even turning me on now... since the lights were low I wasn't so worried about anyone seeing my raging hard-on.

Halfway into our second glasses, Meg excused herself to go to the bathroom and I sat surveying the crowd. I'm a man like any other... I couldn't help looking, and besides it was my birthday! At the corner of one end of the bar, I spotted a pixyish girl in a shiny green dress and my gaze paused. She was younger, probably mid-20s, and had light brown hair cropped close to the shoulder. She was thin, with probably B-cup breasts, but she was really cute. Although not the "model" type, she looked like she would be a lot of fun in bed. 

Unexpectedly she turned toward me, and our eyes met. She smiled, turned back to keep talking, but then she looked up at me again. I realized I was stupidly staring at her and looked away, turning back to my half-glass of Pinot Noir. Blushing, I glanced up again and saw she was walking toward me. 

"You seem to be taking up this whole table yourself. Kinda selfish, don't you think? It's Friday night." She put her wine glass down on our table and scooted in next to me.

"Oh, I uh... actually it's my birthday." Why the hell did I say that? That didn't have anything to do with anything! I guess I was struggling to think about how to introduce the subject of Meg. She wasn't my girlfriend, exactly, but for tonight that might do...

"Well, Happy Birthday, rock star. I guess you get a pass. This time." And with that, she slid her hand down and brushed my thigh. My cock pulsed and I must have looked- well, a bit surprised. Like I was.

"I'm Lexie," she said. "I'm here with my friend Alyssa. Should I tell her to come join us?"

Well, this was getting out of control quickly. "Actually, I think..." I started to say.

"What the HELL?" I recognized Meg's voice, but she did not sound happy. "Who the FUCK are you?"

"Oh, hi, I'm Lexie..." she chirped prettily as she got up. "I was just keeping your boyfriend company till you got back." 

"'Keeping him company'? You fucking WHORE."

WHOA. This was getting out of control quickly, and I tried to intervene. "Meg, I'm so sorry, we were just talking and..."

"YOU shut up. I'm talking to 'Lexie'." She turned back to Lexie. "'Lexie', how would you like me to take a big fistful of hair out of that dumb head of yours?" 

And with that, Meg grabbed a fistful of hair on the back of Lexie's head and yanked her backwards. The move took her balance and left Lexie arched toward the floor, wine glass still in hand. If Meg let go, Lexie would quite obviously crash to the floor. It was kind of astounding.

Holding her hair tight in her fist, Meg leaned over Lexie's upturned head. "I guess now you know... Don't FUCK with me. I eat girls like you for Sunday brunch."

HOLY SHIT. I was aghast, but I was afraid to say anything, lest Meg drop her. This was my fault! What the fuck was I thinking? Sure, we were flirting, but...

Then, in unison, both started laughing.

"Wha...?" I must have looked completely mindfucked, because they then looked at me and started laughing harder. Meg lifted Lexie back upright by the hair but, instead of letting go, pulled her in for a sensual kiss. Then they broke out laughing again.

"You two KNOW EACH OTHER? Oh fuck!" I got it. They had set me up. 

"Yup. Lexie was one of my students last year. She graduated, so now she's free for the taking. I thought I might see how you reacted to a little jailbait dangled before you."

"I barely looked!" I protested, slightly annoyed. She really had gotten me, though.

Lexie turned out to be really nice, and- now that everything was OK- the three of us talked about school, movies, travel, and various other things that people talk about in bars. Every twenty minutes or so they would break out laughing at me again- and I have to admit, I was laughing too. 

About midnight, Meg reached over and squeezed my hand and said aloud, "Well, WE have to get home... this guy hasn't gotten his present yet." 

Gulp. I'd forgotten all about my "present."

"Oh yeah? What's he getting this year?" Lexie asked, curious.

"Oh come along and find out! I'm sure he won't mind," Meg said, completely innocently. "Right hun?"

"Uhhhh... no. Of course not." She wasn't exactly giving me room to say no. I supposed there must be some "fake" present to open... right?

We piled into the back of a taxi, first Meg, then me, then Lexie. I was sitting between two sexy women who apparently "knew" each other. I wondered if they had ever had sex, or whether the kiss in the bar was just one of those things women do because it drives men crazy. 

It was about a 20 minute drive back, and the driver seemed focused on the road. I had one arm around both girls and was feeling pretty good. Meg slipped her hand down over my thigh, and then began rubbing my crotch in the dark of the cab. I stiffened and made some innocuous comment about the weather or something. She replied with some equally irrelevant comment and kept stroking, then quietly opened the top of my jeans and reached inside. It felt good, but this was ridiculous. I took her hand away.

Apparently the mischief wasn't over, however. Yawning loudly, Lexie announced that she was sooo tired- and then proceeded to lie down with her head in my lap. Purring like a kitten, she began rubbing her face over my swollen member, through my underwear. I tried to subtlety move her away but Meg reached over with her left hand and grabbed her hair again, pushing her head into my crotch. Oh fuck... well. 

Predictably, we arrived right about the time I was ready to give up and let both of them blow me publicly in the middle of street, if they wanted to. I zipped up and paid the cab and we walked up the stairs to my apartment. I opened some wine and then excused myself to take out the plug- I wasn't sure what was going to happen from here, but I figured that Lexie didn't need to know about all my perversions. 

Meg and Lexie were drinking wine and talking on the couch as I re-emerged. I wandered into the kitchen to get my wine, and heard their talking stop. When I came back to the living room the two girls were locked in a sensual embrace, Megan's lips locked on Lexie's, both leaning toward the other. Not knowing what to say, I sat down on the chair and watched. Meg's hand wandered down from Lexie's shoulder to her breast and squeezed. Lexie let out a little moan. Then Meg paused, undid the zipper on the side of her own black dress, and slipped the straps down over her shoulders, revealing her voluptuous C-cup breasts in a lacy black bra. She reached behind and undid the clasp, then slipped the bra off so that she was naked from the waist-up. Lexie's eyes were fixed on Megan's taut nipples, and without waiting for an invitation she leaned over and took one in her mouth.

At this point I had decided that it would be OK to get less clothed myself, so I slipped off my jeans and left my underwear down so I could rub my now hard cock. It was incredibly erotic watching Lexie as she softly nursed my lover's swollen breasts. Meg held the back of her head with her right hand, and sitting sideways on the couch she took her left and slipped it under her dress to play with her pussy. I couldn't see it, but I could tell by the look on Meg's face that she was stimulating herself.

I hadn't wanted to interfere, but as the two girls continued Meg looked up at me and said, "I think we should take this to the bedroom." I could only nod. Lexie, her hair mussed and still in her green dress, found her wine glass and walked toward my room. Megan followed, but only after kissing me deeply. I could smell Lexie's perfume on her. 

Lexie was standing next to my bed when we came in. She took a deep drink of red wine and then put the glass on my nightstand, climbing on to my kingsized bed on her knees. She was probably only 120 pounds, whereas Megan was at least 150, but she had a cute little ass and now I was now filled with the desire to put my face in it. How did she taste? I wondered if I would get to find out.

Megan climbed onto the bed also and helped Lexie lift her shiny green dress over her head. Lexie wore no bra underneath, but her breasts were soft and pink. She still wore white panties that looked wet between her legs. Satisfied, Meg began kissing Lexie again, this time kneading her soft pink breasts as she did. I decided to take a chair and watch- this seemed to be Meg's operation, and I figured I would be invited in when appropriate. 

Meg obviously liked taking a dominant role with Lexie, and I could tell Lexie liked it too. Meg began pinching harder as the two kissed. Each time Megan pinched harder, I heard Lexie make a moan, but she didn't break the kiss. Finally Meg broke off. "Get on your hands and knees," she whispered, and Lexie did as she was told- just like I had. I guess Meg had a way with words. 

Kneeling to her side, Meg took a nipple in one hand and began stroking Lexie's swollen pussy through her panties with the other. Lexie groaned, louder this time, slipping to her elbows. Meg slapped her pussy at close range, making a wet smack. "I didn't tell you you could say anything." But Lexie seemed to like this position, and Meg started smacking Lexie's pussy with more force. 

"You like that, don't you? You fucking slut." It was all whispered. Lexie nodded.

"Mmmmm... I guess I have two little sluts here tonight," she said, looking up at me. Oh, well fuck. She hadn't told Lexie anything, had she? I was sure she hadn't. She was just teasing me.

"Hon, I want you to come look at this. This little slut has a big swollen pussy. You see?" I came over to the bed and nodded. Her pussy was swollen, I could tell, even through her wet panties. "That means she wants to get fucked. She was hoping the whole way home that I would let you fuck her. Isn't that right, slut?"

Lexie only nodded.

"See, I told you she was a fucking WHORE." Meg laughed. "You didn't believe me. Well, she can't have your cock. But because I'm nice and because its your birthday, I might let you lick her pussy. Do you want to lick her pussy?" 

Nodding seemed the safest answer. 

"Well, alright." She gave Lexie's pussy one last slap, then reached in to move aside her soaking wet panties. Her pussy was bright red and completely shaved. "Get down there then."

She took my head and led it down to Lexie's upturned ass. I repositioned myself and put my nose up against her backside, inhaling deeply, smelling her excitement and her endorphins. I took a tentative lick on one side of her pussy, and Lexie gasped in pleasure. I took another lick and I could actually see her body shaking. She was obviously really amped up now, shaky on anticipation. 

I wanted to keep teasing her, but I just couldn't resist. I dove in, licking her pussy in long, vertical strokes from up from clit to the end of her slit. Each time I could taste a bit of her creamy wetness seep out. She was a little salty, but mostly sweet. At this point her back was arched, her head flat against the bed and her ass raised. The panties were getting in the way so I reached up and coaxed them off of her, then flipped her around so she was lying on her back. Taking her thighs in either hand, I settled back between her legs and resumed my slow, sensual tongue massage. She began running her hands through my hair, lost in the mounting pleasure. 

I got a little lost too... I love licking pussy. At the same time, I was a little disappointed that Meg had said I couldn't fuck her. Still, so far this was the best birthday ever!

Meg came back from the bathroom and looked at the two of us approvingly. "Oh, good, I see you got her into position! Keep her there." With that, she slipped off her black panties and, still wearing the lower part of her black dress, climbed onto the bed to straddle Lexie's face. Facing me, she nudged Lexie's face into position. "There... that's a good girl," she said, as she settled down on Lexie. God, this is amazing, I thought!

But Meg wasn't done. From her hand, she produced two metal clamps strung together on a short chain. "Lexie likes it when I use these on her, don't you Lexie?" Lexie murmured something, but it was drowned out in Meg's pussy. "Watch and learn, hon. This is how you keep this one on a short leash." Using one hand, she took one breast and stretched it skyward, attaching the clamp under the nipple. Then she did the other. Sitting upright and holding the chain in her right hand, she began tugging lightly as Lexie sucked. Lexie's nipples strained upward.

"NNNNnnnnnmmmmm!" Lexie said.

"Yes, thats right," Meg replied, growing breathless. "Keep going, you little slut." She closed her eyes and focused on her pleasure. Her face was flushed and her tits stood straight out as her friend ate her out. God, she looked beautiful. 

Lexie's attention was now taken by her pussy lapping, so I got up from between her legs and knelt beside her to devote some attention to Meg's nipples. Instinctively Meg switched the chain to the other hand, using her right to hold my head. It was amazing how effortlessly she had set this whole thing up! I found myself wondering how much she had told Lexie beforehand. Obviously they had been together before...

Meg began making that sound that I knew heralded an approaching orgasm, somewhere between a moan and a cry for help. (She was quite particular in that way!) Determined to help, I bit down lightly on her nipple and pinched the other with my thumb and forefinger. She gripped my hair tighter and the pitch in her moan rose.

"Oh, oh yes, oh yes, yes, yes, yes..." Suddenly she collapsed on top of Lexie, pushing me away. I was surprised to see Lexie's face completely wet, and she was breathing heavily. Finally Meg rolled off, still breathing heavily and whispering, "Yes, yes..."

"I guess you two know each other," I said. 

Meg nodded. "Yes..." she said again, breathlessly. Both Lexie and I broke out laughing at her inadvertent joke.

Leaving Meg to her own devices for a minute, I settled down next to Lexie and took her in a full embrace. Meg's juices where all over her face, and her hair was damp from sweat. Very sexy. She kissed me long and deep, and I could taste Meg's cum. She seemed exhausted, but very relaxed.

Meg got off the bed and went to the bathroom, while Lexie and I kept kissing. Lexie reached down and started stroking my cock, which felt amazing after so much visual stimulation. Soon she moved down to take my member in her wet mouth, working it softly. She could only get a little more than the head in, she was so small, but it felt amazing. I reached around and started playing with her pussy again, sliding two fingers in past her tight hole. She was so wet and so ready to be fucked!

I was fully ready to come when I heard Meg's voice. "That's enough. Time to get what you came for, you little slut. On your hands and knees." I looked over and saw Meg standing over us, eight inch strap-on in attached at her waist. The dildo was blue and had a large upturned head, tapering down to a ridged end. In one hand she held a bottle of lube.

Oh my god, I thought. She TOLD her. She told Lexie she had fucked me in the ass, and presumably all the things I had said that night. She knew all along!

Two emotions hit me simultaneously: betrayal, and arousal. Betrayal, of course, because this was supposed to be our secret- ours alone. We hadn't talked about it specifically, but I had thought it was understood. Arousal because, despite that, Lexie apparently knew and was fine with it. Even turned on? So should I still care... DID I still care, knowing that the cat was out?
