 "We'll be by to pick you up in 10 minutes. Remember – sexy lingerie and nothing else but a coat to cover it up." The line went dead and Meghan wondered what she had gotten herself into. The 18-year-old was away at college for the first time and had decided to pledge one of the sororities on campus. The school is a good-sized private institution in the heartland. There are independent Greek groups on campus that are not affiliated with any chapter. As a result they do not have to answer to any larger organizations. Based on her partying experience in the first semester, Meghan quickly realized that to get anywhere socially she would have to "go Greek". The fraternities and sororities ruled the campus and she would have to become one of them in order to fit in. She had decided to go with the KOGs – Kappa Gamma Omega. The girls seemed really nice during rush and she had fun at their parties. She had seemed to make great connections with some of the girls, and besides, they always seemed to be with the cutest boys. 

Meghan took one more look at herself in the mirror. "Damn," she thought, "I do look good." Meghan had straight blond hair that fell just to shoulder length. Her athletic 5'8 figure was adorned with a matching lacey black bra and thong. She had also gone the extra naughty step of black thigh high stockings with tiny black heels. Her body was tight, athletic, and slightly tanned. What she lacked in breast size (34B), she more than made up for with abs and legs. But her ultimate asset was her eyes. She had the most striking pair of blue eyes. She took it as a compliment when people asked her if she wore fake contacts. And on several occasions, she had caught men staring into her eyes, completely oblivious to what she was saying. 

Pledging had been fun the first couple of weeks, but things had really started to ramp up this week. On Monday, she made out with a three boys she didn't know, per her big sis's instructions. Tuesday, she grabbed some kid's package at a party, because she was told to. What did they have in store for her tonight?

Meghan grabbed the longest coat she had and met her sisters-to-be outside of her dorm. After a quick drive, she soon found her self in the outdoor quad of the school – a large open area bounded by three academic buildings and a boys' dorm. The entire sorority and all 18 pledges were present. KOG president Bridgette was the first to address the group. "Girls we have an annual tradition on this night of pledging. You want to become KOG sisters, but in order to do that you must live up to our standards. KOGs are known across campus as fun girls to be with, if you catch my drift. We need to see that spontaneity from you tonight. Each of you will be blindfolded. A pledge brother from another fraternity will soon be here and you will allow him to do whatever he wants to your body. Don't worry. No fucking. Just touching and whatever he likes. You can stop at anytime. But you will be dismissed from the pledge class. And your blindfold must stay on at all times. Take it off and you will be dismissed."

"Ooo, naughty" thought Meghan. This would be unsual but she could handle it. She was the first to be blindfolded and she could hear one of the pledges – it sounded like prissy Heather – refusing to partake in the activity. "I am not some cheap slut. I don't need this shit." "Then we'll see you around, bitch. And don't bother coming to any of our parties 'cause you aint' getting in."

Meghan heard the sound of another large group approaching. It was definitely a lot of boys. The fraternity had arrived. Within seconds Meghan was led by the hand some distance and then let go. She quickly felt a large hand grab hers. "Ummm. Hi," said the stranger. Meghan didn't respond, but let a small smile crack her lips. 

"Girls, remove your coats," Bridget barked. Meghan unbuttoned her coat and let it fall to the ground. She heard several whistles and cat calls from all of the men present. She even heard her "partner" take an audible breath of air. "Boys, have your fun." She felt her man quickly step behind her and place his hands on her hips. He pulled her close and she could smell him. It was a great combination of soap, cologne, deodarant, and male sexuality. He ran his hands over her ass and hips for what seemed like an eternity until finally moving up to grope her breasts. It didn't take long until the stranger's hand slide down her belly, into her panties and straight to her bare pussy lips. "Nice," she heard him comment. 

The young man knew he way around a woman's body. He gently massaged her outer lips before slipping a finger into her steaming, hot pussy. Meghan had no idea she was this wet until his finger easily fell inside. He slowly moved in and out and around, gradually picking up the pace. He brought his other hand into the mix and began to slowly rub her clit. Meghan was quickly reaching orgasm. Caught up in the moment, Meghan reached up behind her shoulders and put her arms around her mystery man's neck. She began to grind her ass against his groin. "Damn, this kid is packin'," she thought as she tried to judge his size with her ass cheeks. Meghan reached down behind her self and began to rub the boy's package. She could tell he was wearing some sort of basketball shorts. Easy access. Meghan quickly slipped past his waist band and found what she had been looking for – a hard, thick cock. She wrapped her hand around it and slowly worked her hand up and down the shaft. This was the third dick she had ever touched in her life and it was definitely the biggest yet. She had had two serious, sexual relationships in high school and knew how to manually please a man. Meghan wrapped one hand around his dick at the base of the shaft and sped up the pace with other hand – slamming the tip of his cock into the small of her back. 

"Oh god, that feels good girl," she heard from her mystery man. His warm breath on her neck was enough to send her over the edge. Meghan came and came hard. She convulsed and shook from pleasure as her entire body tingled. It was bound to happen sooner or later, but Meghan Kupp came from being fingered for the first time in her life. She could count the number of orgasms she had had in her life on two hands. But never had she been able to get off with just a pair of hands. "Yeah, baby," was all she heard from her mystery stranger. That and a pair of moans and groans that told her that another pledge sister had reached the same high just to her left. 

"Girls, I hope you had fun offering yourself up to your pledge brothers. I know some of you had A LOT of fun. Its time to thank these men properly, like any KOG would. Get on your knees." Meghan knew this was wrong and going too far. But she didn't even think twice about it. She was caught up in the moment. She had never felt so free and alive in all her 18 years. And she really did want to thank this man for the pleasure he had given her. She thought she could hear two other women drop out, but she didn't care. As she spun and dropped to her knees, she felt as if a sexual beast was taking over her body. She needed to have a cock in her mouth. She craved to lick and suck a big, thick dick. Blindfolded, she reached out and found what she was looking for.

Meghan leaned forward and began at the base, licking her way to the top. She kissed and licked up each side before finally setting the thing in her mouth. Trying to wrap her lips around this veiny stalk confirmed what she had suspected – this is the biggest cock she's ever touched. She had given countless blowjobs to her two highschool sweethearts. But this was so wrong and depraved that it made her sopping wet. Meghan felt her personality shift. She wanted nothing more than to please this man. She wanted to give him the best blowjob he's ever had. Once she had applied enough spit, Meghan went into her patented move she learned from her first serious boyfriend. She placed her hand in an O shape at her mouth and slid up and down this stranger's big, beautiful cock. As her mouth came off at the top of each up stroke, her hand would follow and close at the tip, sliding right along with the spit she had just deposited before diving back down onto it. Another quick intake of air through clenched teeth from the man told her he liked it too.

Meghan felt sexually charged. She wanted to consume this cock like it was her last meal. She then reached into her oral toolbox and grabbed a trick she had learned from boyfriend #2 last summer. She pulled the dick out and slid it across her face, trailing shiny spit everywhere it went. She slapped the thick dick on her cheeks as her man laughed. Meghan then used the dick to push up one eye of her blindfold. She wanted to see whom it was she was servicing. Meghan knew this kid! It was Brian, the basketball player from her microeconomics class. She had always thought he was cute, but had never summed up the nerve to talk to him. But here she was in black stockings, bra, and thong, kneeling on her coat in the school quad sucking him off. She looked to her left and saw a dozen of her pledge sisters doing the same thing as her – salivating on thick, hard dicks. A quick look to her right and she saw Jenny about six feet away trying to swallow a massive load while still jerking her man's cock. But she wasn't very successful as thick, white cum squirted out the sides of her mouth, and ran down into her cleavage, pressed together by a sexy, navy bra. Jenny pulled back and took a second to swallow what had not already gone down her throat. Then Meghan saw her use the dick as a facial squeegee, wiping the cum off of her cheeks and feeding into her mouth. "I got to remember that one," the freshman thought. 

Meghan looked back up at Brian, who was now staring down at her. He winked and smiled. And quickly pulled her head back onto his cock.. His breathing picked up. Meghan was young, but she knew what was "coming". She tried her best to relax her throat in preparation for her partner's impending load. But she was surprised when he grabbed her hair and pulled her mouth off of her cock. 

"Keep jerking it," Brian said through clenched teeth. He gently, but forcefully moved her head by the hair, positioning her under his cock. "He's going to cum on my face," thought Meghan. She was thrilled. A raw, nasty, sexual energy was pulsing through her body and Meghan couldn't wait to get her first official facial, sucking a stranger she barely knew, surrounded by two greek groups, dressed only in bra, thong, and stockings. Naughty. 

Meghan watched as Brian's thick cock began to swell even more. She could feel his dick stiffen in her hand, and with a couple more strokes, she got what she wanted. Brian's dick exploded in torrent of thick, white cum.

The first volley landed square on Meghan's chin and she instinctively opened her mouth, snaking out her tongue to lap at the fresh jizz. A second convulsion from his cock sent a massive load clear over Meghan's head – landing on the ground behind her. The third volley followed the same trajectory but lacked the power – landing on Meghan's head, leaving a trail a white cum across her forehead, from hair line to eyebrow. Blast four hit the pledge right between the eyes and ricocheted off of her face. Five and six ended square on her smooth cheeks as Brian's cum hose began to calm down. Two more pulls and Meghan landed a bull's-eye directly into her mouth. 

There was a beat of silence in the nearby crowd until a loud cheer erupted. Dozens of actives from both the KOGs and their invited guests had watched this pornographic display and clapped and yelped their approval. Brian stepped back and Meghan began to wipe away the cum near her eyes. 

"You seemed very eager to participate in this activity, pledge," Meghan heard a deep male voice say to her. She looked up and saw two older actives approaching.

"Let's see how well you can handle two dicks at once." Instantly the two men wiped out rock hard cocks. Both were of decent size. Not pornographically large, but not too small either. "Just right", this cum-covered Goldilocks thought to her self as she reached forward and took one in each hand. She rubbed her hands up and down their undersides as the men stepped closer to her face. Meghan felt like a completely new person as she leaned forward and took Mr. Left into her mouth, licking him up and down, while still managing to jerk off Mr. Right. 

Back and forth, she went from cock to cock, leaving a trail of drooping spit on each dick as she pulled off to please its counterpart. Meghan felt a delirious sexual high. Never in her private life had she been so nasty and here were dozens of people watching this act of sexual depravity. She fell into herself and the moment and without any manual assistance, Meghan began to cum. She came simply from the slutty act of blowing her second and third dicks of the night simultaneously. She pulled off of Mr. Left and paused to catch her breath, shaking with small convulsions as her orgasm passed through her body. That was all the stimulation Mr. Right needed. His cock began to spurt forth white hot cum. First squirted landed on her chest. But he grabbed his own dick and started to jerk. The second volley shot diagonally across Meghan's face. It was a massive line of cum that started near her right temple and ran unbroken across her face, over her nose to her left jaw. Meghan opened her mouth and the remaining jizz landed on her pink tongue. The new found porn star in her led her to slowly dribble the sweet, salty jizz onto her tits. This display was more than enough Mr. Left. He pushed Meghan on the shoulder, directing to kneel down even further. She was confused until she felt the first drop of jizz on the top of her head. Mr. Left continued to pump his cock with each upstroke depositing more and more cum on top of the freshman's head. The pool of jizz was too large and it began to run down in all directions: down the back of her head, down across her ear and drip, drip, drip onto her cheek. 

Again, the gathered students exploded. "Am I in the sorority?" Meghan asked rhetorically as she used Mr. Left's donated T-shirt to wipe three men's jizz off her beautiful, angelic face.