 Note: This story is Part 2 of the series Melanie and Team Vasquez

~~~~~~

We gathered at eight, Friday night, returning to the game room of the house. Our Team V dinner had been fun, celebrating our success at the plant, but everyone really had been thinking about what would happen later.

The video on the big screen showed couples dancing at a club somewhere accompanied by slow, romantic music. The atmosphere was just right.

Robbie asked me to dance. I could tell the other men were impatient, but I wanted to tease them a little. Unlike the first time, a week ago, we knew where we were going. It was fun to take it slow, if not too slow.

Robbie and I were moving around the floor, sharing little kisses, when Jack stepped up to cut in.

I said, "Give me a second."

I was wearing jeans and a white blouse with the usual underthings. I took off my heels and the jeans too, then accepted Jack's embrace to dance with him. My bare legs and blue panties got all the attention from the other three.

While we were dancing, I unzipped Jack's pants and reached through the opening to squeeze his dick. I held on as he grew in my hand.

When the next song came on, Lester took over. He held me closer and I pressed into him, squirming against his body so he felt my every curve. I got in his pants like with Jack.

When Lester's song ended, it was Floyd's turn. To keep the excitement growing, I removed my blouse, dancing in my lacy blue bra and matching panties.

"Mel, you look great tonight," Floyd said. I smiled at him and at the other two men watching us.

Without actually disturbing my dance with Floyd, first Robbie, then Jack, approached me from behind, pressed against me, kissed my shoulders and squeezed my ass cheeks. After making sure I felt their erections, they returned to the couch to enjoy watching us dance.

The guys called out, urging Floyd to at least get my bra off and suggesting what to do when my tits were exposed.

I whispered, "Floyd, honey, they have some good ideas."

I gave him an encouraging broad smile. Still dancing, he unhooked my bra and tossed it away.

"Follow my lead," he said.

Floyd dropped to one knee as I leaned far back, supported by his extended leg and one arm. My upper body was on display and my head hung down, hair falling to the floor. Floyd used his free hand to softly caress my boobs and tickle my nipples. Then he slid that hand between my legs, dipped into my wet pussy and tasted the fingers. 

I was moaning, sighing from those highly erotic moves, squirming in response to Floyd's handling. The others watched briefly then took off all their clothes and launched a free-for-all where I was felt all over and twirled by one man into the arms of the next. Each ran his hands over my breasts, my butt, down into my panties, up and down my legs, or wherever he wanted, but quickly. Then another twirl spun me into the next man's waiting arms.

I was getting dizzy, with excitement as much as from the twirling.

I clung to Jack; we stopped and stood together, out of breath.

A series of hugs followed. Each of the men expressed deep affection for me and utter delight at our recently discovered mutual sexual desires.

"Then let's do it!" I finished, impatient to have their cocks inside me.

The fake bearskin rug in front of the fire was perfect. I took off my panties and got on hands and knees, looking up at my four men and their erections. I didn't say anything, but I wiggled my ass and swayed my tits.

Robbie gave me his dick to suck while Lester knelt to put his into my pussy from behind, spit roasted, one of my favorites. I was hot, very energetic, fully matched by Robbie and Lester. I was heavily pounded from the back while I excitedly sucked Lester's fat and desirable dick.

Jack and Floyd kept busy, kneeling alongside, feeling my swinging tits under me, propelled by the rhythm of fucking to Lester's beat. I noticed they found my panties and were tossing them back and forth over me, sniffing them each time.

I was gasping and moaning, hungrily responding to the cocks and the sexually explosive surroundings. My mouth and pussy were both wet, dribbling spit over Robbie's dick and my cunt slime all around between my legs.

I reached up with one hand to cup and nestle Robbie's balls as he pushed deep through my mouth and down my throat. I started gagging which just convinced him to go deeper.

One of the guys pinched my clit gently between two fingers without interfering with Lester's thrusts. I went nuts, gasping and shrieking, swishing my ass around, bucking, totally losing it from the multiple sources of huge stimulation.

Robbie unloaded in my throat, pushing hard as he pumped his pungent cum in there. When he pulled out, I kept my lips sealed around his prick, retaining the cum inside, mostly. Meanwhile, in my pussy, my furious fucking got Lester off. I made freakish noises as I felt his cum inside shooting from his dick.

When we separated, I knelt in front of the guys while I spit the cum into my hands and glazed myself with it. I emptied cum from my cunt to refill my hands for more coating of my boobs.

"Help me, Jack," I asked, softly, sexy. I arched my back, squirmed under my own cummy touch.

I reached out for his hand and pushed his fingers into my snatch. I gave little cries from the feeling of his fingers moving inside, getting coated. I pulled the fingers out and brought them to my mouth. I exhibited my delight in licking and sucking them clean.

"Floyd?"

He allowed me to take his hand and rub my tits with it. I went back and forth, up and down; there was plenty to coat his entire hand. I threw my head back, boobs out, tossed my hair, moaning, as he made the most of his turn slopping the cum from my body. When he was loaded up, I pulled his hand to my mouth and licked him as I had Jack, using my lips and tongue, cleaning each finger, licking his palm.

I lay on my back, with my legs pulled far back.

"Jack, can you get your cock into my ass in this position? I've never done that."

Using cum as lube, he easily slid in there, pumping slowly at first, then gaining depth and speed.

Floyd brought his cock near my head; I turned that into a hand job, jerking him off on my face as I lay there being speared in the ass by Jack. As Floyd began to come, I painted my cheek, then quickly moved him into my mouth to finish up fucking my tight little oral space, with cum squirting on my tongue. Simply wonderful.

Jack kept going so I lifted my head up a little to spit Floyd's cum down my mid-line, startling everyone. I giggled, staying on my elbows to watch Jack. The view was a little different since he was in my ass, something I'd never watched before.

Soon he came. I humped stronger to make it good for him; my active pelvis felt great to me too.

When Jack uncorked me, I put my legs down and just lay there, idly pushing cum around on my chest. The men settled down too, putting their heads on me or lying next to me propped up on an elbow.

After a few minutes rest, I made a suggestion, "Let's watch some porn and see what happens."

"You seem to like porn, right?" Robbie asked.

"Gives me ideas. I get hot thinking about us doing things," I answered.

The men were excited by that. We moved to the couch to find something.

I sat between Robbie and Jack. Lester and Floyd sat on cushions on the floor in front, with my legs between them.

Floyd had the control. He brought a porn video website to the screen.

"We can search for what we want. What would that be?" he asked.

Everyone looked at me to answer.

"A gangbang kind of fits," I suggested. They seemed happy with that.

Floyd typed "gangbang" and hundreds of possibilities filled the screen. He chose a highly rated video, twenty eight minutes long. The thumbnail showed a busty blonde surrounded by naked men with erections.

The video opened with the blonde woman walking into a room full of men, dozens.

"Okay, sort of like us," I remarked.

I watched as the blonde took off her clothes with the men watching, then lay on her back on a table. The screen men crowded around, pricks in hand, watching her use a vibrator. The men made a lot of noise and comments, mostly about her insatiable desires and huge physical capacity.

"Mel, the combo of you and this video is really hot," Jack said, a little huskiness in his voice.

I put two fingers in my pussy, licked them off, and blew Jack a kiss.

"Damn, Mel. I like the new you," Jack exclaimed. The others murmured agreement.

"Ummm, thank you," I purred. "I'm thrilled we're doing this," I told them.

I felt so aroused, sitting there nude, playing around about sex with these great guys. I looked at their cocks and felt such desire.

The woman continued with the vibrator, getting deeply into her front and back holes, then licking it off and applying it to her clit.

The scene suddenly changed to the same woman, but spread out with men sequentially fucking her pussy and ass while other men came on her face or in her mouth. All the men came on her externally, to show the camera. She played with her tits and pussy while everything else was happening.

As soon as a man came, he squeezed his last drops on the woman and was replaced by a new hard-on. The woman seemed to be enjoying her work, but the men were zeros, just there to show an erection and come.

I couldn't wait.

"Floyd, could I interest you in my actual pussy while the rest of us watch the video?"

"Whoa, Floyd. You must have found her G-spot last time," Jack jabbed, making me grin sheepishly.

"Actually, he found my lovebud," I commented.

Floyd didn't say a word. He just handed the control to Robbie and moved over to kneel between my legs. He pulled me to the edge of the couch and put his tongue in me. The video was twice as interesting with Floyd licking my clit. And my G-spot.

The video went on. The woman moved to a bed where she was fucked by one man after another, on her back, on her side, and all fours. They used all her holes and she was leaking cum from all of them.

Meanwhile, on our own couch, Floyd was pleasuring my pussy and the rest of my guys were kissing and fondling me, playing with my nipples, putting fingers in my mouth, stroking my skin, tonguing my ears, generally getting more and more totally sexual.

I loved it, responding physically with rapid breathing, blushing, light sweat, and erect nipples. Floyd had total control of my clit which was standing up, engorged, poking out. I could feel the rising intensity inside, growing closer and closer to orgasm.

And I encouraged the men by stroking and fondling them, wherever I could reach. I lay back across their bodies, taking a cock in hand or in my mouth while Floyd kept very active between my legs. They changed places, running their hands over me as they did so. I smiled, kissed them, played with their meat, and stroked myself sensuously, all to help them get more aroused, recovering well from their first time that evening.

I was totally wet and ready, imagining and experiencing their cocks, tongues, and hands.

Floyd's efforts paid off with my beautiful climax, one that incorporated all the stimulation from the four. Whimpering and wailing loudly, I clenched my body, thrashed from side to side, and gripped Floyd's head, pulling him tight against my pussy. They all kept their efforts going, maintaining my high state of arousal even after the orgasm passed.

The final big scene on the video had all the men standing around the woman on the bed. They jerked themselves off, flinging cum all over her prone body and face. She was laughing, seeming to have fun. She used her fingers to scrape cum from where it fell, then licked it and swallowed it as the deluge continued.

In a close up, two of the screen guys knelt next to her face and shot their cum directly onto her lips, mouth closed, leaving her with jizz pooled on her as the video ended. The very last frame was frozen, her cum dripping face with her fingers in her mouth, looking very pleased.

I was highly pleased too, serene from the orgasm, and still excited by my closeness to the exciting and horny men.

"Okay, you've seen the video and you've seen me come. What are you hot to do?" I asked.

Floyd said, "I have my fantasies, but it's hard to say it."

"Kiss me Floyd," I demanded and he complied. "Oh yummy, you taste like my pussy."

I pointed to the screen, where the woman's cum-face was an unchanging image.

"So you've been lapping my pussy with everyone watching, but you can't say you want to come on my face?" I challenged. "Your interest in the video gives away your fantasy."

I was out on a limb, but I was pretty sure that's what he wanted. Besides, I thought that last bit on screen was incredibly hot.

Floyd admitted it. "You're right, Mel. I want to come on your face and that's not all, like the woman on the video." He stopped, waiting to hear if I agreed.

"Well, now I know what you want so I want it too. Here on the couch? Bedroom?" I asked.

They carried me and my giggles up to the bedroom that had the king size, threw the covers on the floor, and put me in the middle on my hands and knees. The men were on my left and right, with Robbie and Jack near my legs, Lester and Floyd at my head.

"Am I in the right position?" I asked.

Floyd knew what he wanted, "On your back. I want to jack off right on your face."

"Ooooo, that's so hot, so honest. Aim for my mouth Floyd, okay?" I urged as I lay down in front of him.

He started beating off. The others watched, fascinated.

I spread my legs, working my pussy furiously with one hand and squeezing my tits with the other.

Floyd worked hard to make his dick perform again. I licked my lips, opened my mouth to him, touched his cock tip with my tongue tip, all while diddling my own pussy and tits as everyone watched.

"I'm here for you Floyd. You can change your mind, come on my tits, or anywhere you want. You choose."

"God, Mel. You have loosened up," Robbie commented.

"Haven't we all?" I asked.

Floyd slipped his dick past my lips. Even though we were in round two, all the men had rock solid cocks and were as gung-ho as before.

I eagerly sucked him, using my lips and tongue to make it feel as good as possible. I was loving how it felt to have a hard cock in my mouth, hands all over me, totally turning me on.

When he came, Floyd pulled out of my mouth to squirt on my nose and lips, like he had fantasized. I let out a whoop of joy and licked some of the cum into my mouth.

Smiling, I asked, "Who else wants cum on my face?"

Lester raised his hand, sort of shy.

I motioned for him to bring his dick to my mouth. On my knees, I sucked and used a full hand motion on him, hoping to feel his cum spurt another load for me to play with.

While I sucked Lester, Jack and Robbie were taking turns in my pussy, keeping me hotter than I ever knew possible.

"Do you want it in my ass too?" I called to them, doing Lester by hand for a moment. "One in each hole? Like in the movie?"

I didn't know if that was even possible for me. I'd never done anything anal. But Jack and Robbie wanted to try.

"After Lester paints my face, I'll do anal with you two."

I got busy with Lester's dick in my mouth, so busy that I forgot all my surroundings and just felt that long, hard, delicious cock stroking my lips, tongue, mouth, throat. Then I switched to a fast, finger and thumb hand technique, aimed at me, that he seemed to respond to.

I concentrated on my own feelings; he soon came on my left cheek, giving me a nice visible load that I felt draining downward.

"Am I a cumslut yet?" I asked, tilting my head to exhibit my facial.

They were all happy with me, patting my ass while praising what I had done.

To cement my cumslut status, I smeared the face cum all over.

As I promised Jack and Robbie, it was time for me to lose my anal virginity. I was steaming and wanted it, but really had no experience.

I admitted my cluelessness.

"I've never done this, but the porn girl was on top of the first guy while the second entered her ass from the back. Will that work?"

There were no experts, but Jack volunteered to be on the bottom.

I got on top of Jack and began to ride him, reverse cowgirl, facing his feet, with my hands gripping his knees. My pussy was plenty wet, on its own, making it comfortable and pleasurable to bounce up and down on his shaft.

They all loved how my boobs moved in that position. I did what I could to exaggerate the effect.

"Woman, your tits are poetry in motion," Robbie said.

"I want to play with your tits all night," FLoyd wished.

"You guys make me blush, talking about me like that," I said coyly, feigning innocence.

"Oh right, that makes you blush? What about everything else going on?" Robbie said, drawing laughs from all of us as I got ready for the next step.

"I'm going to turn around and lay down on Jack, to position for Robbie. Lube me up before you start, okay?"

I swiveled around, facing Jack's head, girl on top, and lay down on him with his dick still inside me. He kept moving.

I felt Robbie's fingers apply the slippery lube. He carefully pushed one finger, then two, into my ass.

"Seriously, I've never done this. Slow, slow, please," I requested, a little doubtful.

Robbie entered and I could feel both cocks inside me, incredible feelings. Starting slow, they ramped up to fuck me together, with lots of unfamiliar sensations, slippery sliding internally. It got easier and felt better as the minutes passed.

"Ummm, feeling good," I let them know. "Everything more intense."

The guys doing it with me agreed. "Different, feels good, tighter," Robbie said.

Jack added, "I can feel Robbie's cock, next door so to speak. Otherwise, I'm fucking Mel. I love that."

They went on for awhile, but they didn't come in me. After they had enough of the all new double penetration, I rolled over on my back, Jack and Robbie moved to my head, and both came on my face, one from each side.

Cum was running down my cheeks as I burst out laughing.

"Great moves, guys. Spectacular. Where's my purse?"

My little vibrator from my purse had fresh batteries. I dipped it in my pussy then put it to work on my clit. I looked around to make sure everyone was watching.

I played with my pussy, my face still wearing the cum from before. I saw signs of arousal in the men, like at the first party when they watched me diddle myself.

"Anybody got another shot in him?" I asked, breathing hard but trying to sound inviting.

They all volunteered. "I want it," was all I had to say.

While I worked the vibrator on my clit mercilessly, one after another they jacked off on me, mostly on my face but landing on my tits and pussy too. I was more excited than the first time, getting into it, silently wishing there were even more men to do that with me, more cum. Cum flowing without limits.

My orgasm was great, powerful, scary wild. When I quieted down, everyone had a hug for me, even though I was still somewhat cum coated.

"That was good, guys. We're learning to do this," I praised.

Robbie claimed me. "You're our cumslut now." Everyone seemed to agree with that.

After a shower, I slept spooned with Robbie until the morning.

~~~~~~

When I woke, I felt a hard-on pushing into my ass from behind. It was Robbie, turning the spooning into more anal sex. I started moaning and whimpering, changing to heavy panting as we got going, humping into each other.

It didn't take long for Robbie to come in my ass. When he got quiet, I reached my hand back there to feel what was going on. Cum was oozing out of my asshole.

I got on all fours, to ask Robbie, "What does it look like?"

He said, "Like you've been ass fucked."

"Will you lick it out of me?" I asked him.
