 Note: This story is Part 3 of the series Melanie and Team Vasquez.

~~~~~~

Friday evening, before the weekly party with the five of us started, Floyd was bursting with an idea.

"I've been thinking about what Mel asked for. There's an indoor range, near Madigan Mills-"

"Way the hell over there? Why so far?" Lester cut in. 

"It's perfect. Nobody will know us," Floyd explained. "Mostly guys use the range, then look for a little entertainment after. There's a couple of bars and a motel right across the road."

Floyd made his proposal, "What if we had a room at that motel and invited some guys to stop in to meet Melanie?"

"You're making me hot," I announced as I went over, sat on Floyd's lap, and kissed him. He kissed me, I kissed back. I took my top off to better feel his hands on my boobs. I was squeezing his hard dick.

Jack asked, "Melanie, I love watching, but can you come up for air? What do you think about Floyd's idea?"

Topless, I was kneeling between Floyd's legs, pulling his pants off.

"What kind of guys?" I mumbled, feeling a hot surge as I tried out gangbang images combined with Floyd's actual cock pulsing in and out of my mouth.

"Oh, I don't know. They're pretty clean cut," Floyd managed to say as he began to gasp and moan from my activity.

"I hope not too clean cut," I added, to laughter.

I went back to sucking Floyd, watched intently by the other three as I got him off.

I swallowed Floyd's cum, licked my lips.

"I'm willing to give the motel a try. Now show me what the rest of you have for me in your pants."

I put my head back in Floyd's lap while the others got undressed.

~~~~~~

Two weeks later, on another Friday party night, the five of us arrived at the motel together. We'd rented a large suite with a sitting room, king size bedroom, and two bathrooms.

My zip-front sheath dress, over a matched thong and bra, showed lots of cleavage and leg. I wore a black leather, studded dog collar attached to a leash that Robbie held. My arousal was very intense even before any new men showed up. I wanted the plan to work.

Robbie led me to the bed while Jack rearranged some chairs. We wanted to have one of our team in the room at all times, to observe what I do and as security. Other than that, we'd have to go with the flow.

Another innovation was to use a phone camera to record at least part of my time with the men.

In less than five minutes, Lester showed up with the first two guys, from the gun range. Jack brought them into the bedroom. They stood, gawking at me, not knowing what to do next.

Jack dimmed the lights and faded into the background, comfortable to watch and video record from a side chair. Lester leaned in the door frame for the first few minutes.

I was sitting in the middle of the bed, legs under me, still dressed, hoping I looked like a tempting morsel. Robbie sat on the edge of the bed, looking stern as he kept a tight grip on the leash.

Robbie introduced me to the new men. "This is my wife Tiffany. I like to see her get fucked."

Robbie tugged on the leash forcing my head down on the bed.

Robbie ordered me, "Show them your pussy."

I rolled to my back, then hiked my dress up and slid the thong down my legs, giving it to Robbie. Then I opened my thighs real wide and used my fingers to spread my pussy lips, exposing my pink interior.

I looked right at the two new men, but didn't say anything. Robbie pulled the leash tighter as he leaned over to whisper to me, loud enough to be heard.

"These men are going to fuck you. You'll love it because it turns me on."

Saying nothing, I nodded in agreement, trying not to look as happy as I was.

Robbie finished, "If you're real good, maybe I'll gag you with my cock later."

The men fished their dicks out of their clothes. As soon as I saw those stiffies, I had another wave of sexual excitement. My heart fluttered and I murmured appreciatively.

As the men stood by and stroked themselves, I unzipped my dress and slithered out of it. I slowly unhooked and removed my bra, not too fast or too slow. When my boobs were uncovered, I teased my nipples, fondled myself, whimpering quietly.

One of the guys reached out to feel my tits, causing my pussy to wet up when I heard him say, "Amazing jugs, natural." The second guy had to try them out, nodding his agreement.

On my back with my legs in the air, I spread wide so the new men were staring right up my slit. I licked my lips.

Robbie used the collar to hold my head down while the first guy mounted me. He began a rapid fucking that I responded to with my own humping and twisting, panting, only a little restrained by the collar.

The guy seemed to like the collar, saying, "Dude, you keep your woman under control. Cool. Now hold her right there."

He pulled out of my cunt and went to my head, pumping his cum load on my face. He grunted and looked angry as he came, but relaxed and thanked me at the end.

Robbie kept me locked down by the neck, ready for the second man. The cum dripped.

"You too?" Robbie asked him. The replacement inserted himself into me.

Again, I was humping away while my head was restrained by Robbie's grip on the dog collar. My inner arousal was huge and I couldn't keep that hidden.

"Fuck me, big guy. Oh, oh, I love the feel of your dick. Give it to me, harder," I gasped.

His pace increased. "Oh fuck, that's good," I mumbled.

"Are you going to come on my face?" I asked.

He moved up to my head, grabbed my hair with one hand, and finished on my face. I licked his dick and told him how grateful I was.

Right then, Floyd returned with three more guys.

Robbie said, "Come in. She can handle everybody." He unclipped the leash, but held on to the collar.

Two of the new guys got on the bed, pants down. They moved me onto all fours for a two on one. Their back and front pounding drove me into ecstasy.

When they both came, they squeezed their last drops into my mouth and I licked them clean while another new guy quickly took over my pussy. Cum was starting to drip down my legs. More flowed down my cheeks. My fantasies were turned into reality, my dreams were acted out on that bed.

Part of the thrill was that I liked how I felt when I knew I was being shockingly slutty. Taking dick in all holes, cum dripping out of me, men lined up to fuck me... Doing it was enhanced by knowing that I was being watched, turning the men on, inflaming their lust to use me for their gratification. It was all one thing to me, driving me wild, confusing my senses, making me willing to do anything, everything.

Over the next hour or so I had a series of men penetrating every hole, taking them two or three at once. Men knelt over me, stroking their dicks, waiting for a turn. While they fucked me, they felt my tits and butt cheeks, put fingers in everywhere, and kept me totally hot and wet.

Before I finished with one group, more men arrived. The word was spreading and the crowed was growing. I lost control, the men did whatever they wanted. Cum accumulated around my pussy, my ass, and my mouth as the number of cum shots grew.

Robbie encouraged whoever showed up, pimping me out. Everything he said was designed for my ears, to feed my crazy obsession. The surges of heat coursed through me with every sentence.

"Her blow jobs are sensational," he recommended. I moaned.

"Come on her tits or face," he invited. I gasped.

"Or just fuck her, whatever," he said, as if it didn't matter. I sighed, threw my head back, and whimpered.

He demanded loudly, "Do a good job or I'll use this leash as a whip." He slapped it once on my bare ass. The guys were impressed as I squirmed and cried from the burn of the lash.

I moved from one position to another as I served the wishes of all those men. I was on my knees, I was on my back, I had my head down and ass up, I was so wet...

My mouth was a favorite, my blow jobs exceptional. I was always busy. When a cock left my mouth to come on my face or body, I took in another one and started sucking. I had a big flow of cum going from my face down across my tits and over my belly while sucking, giving hand jobs, and just being the cum target for so many hard cocks.

I relished everything, but had a special liking for sucking men off. When a man came in my active mouth, I could feel his dick erupt and flood my tongue. I felt him soften. I drooled the cum out of my full cheeks or spit into my hands and smeared my tits and belly over and over. All so exquisite.

Men continued to arrive and while some left, many stayed awhile for the show. They requested their favorites, like I was able to set up an airtight seal with a DP plus a cock deep in my throat. Cheering men encouraged the three to all come inside me, pretty much what happened. I scooped cum out of my cunt and ass to mix with what was in my mouth and smeared it all on my body as the men urged me on like an X-rated sports crowd.

My four Team V guys were all in the room with me at that point. New men kept arriving for the party without any special effort as the word got around to the bars and parking lots, about a slut who would do anything.

The random men simply used me to get off, exactly what I wanted from them. My desire was to be stretched out and hammered by their dicks, filled and glazed by their cum. I wanted it inside my openings and all over my skin. Most of all, I had to taste, smell, eat, drink, and be overwhelmed by the men and their jizz.

And, as a bonus, I wanted Team Vasquez to see me do it, to understand what I craved and fantasized about, to get hot from it and use that energy later to fuck me with all they had. I was glad they were recording much of it with the video camera for future hot sessions of our five-way.

The unlimited sucking and fucking was great but I wanted to try something else, a gokkun, a fetish cum dump. Robbie narrated what was happening for the crowd standing around so everyone knew what to do.

"She's got a one quart Pyrex measuring cup. You're going to help her fill it up. Then she'll drink it, amazing."

I sat in the middle of the bed on my legs, opened my mouth with my head back and held the glass container under my chin. Squads of guys stepped up onto the bed to fill my mouth and spray my face. The Pyrex caught a lot of cum that missed me and, when my mouth got too full, I emptied in there too.

I collected cum, servicing a long line of men. I smiled at them as they beat off near my face, extended my tongue when I could, and felt wonderfully aroused as I did it. My pussy was so wet I soaked the bedspread.

I could feel the deep slimy coating of cum over my face, gooey cum that I finger-scraped into the cup, filling it more than half way.

As the event proceeded, I was able to relax, taking the cum shots to the face or in the cup. I spread my legs so I was sitting with my cunt exposed and I could finger my clit, while still catching the loads from the many men targeting me.

The raucous guys around me made the most outrageous comments, driving my immense sexual heat to new heights.

"I heard she won a gangbang competition, fucked hundreds of dudes," one said.

"Yeah? Sounds right. I know she fucks the winning team at the Super Bowl; they used to bring in five women but now she does them all."

I wish.

When the time felt right, with no more hard dicks available, I finger scraped my face and other spots that had cum. It all went into the Pyrex.

With a flourish, I bent down to lick off the bed cover where a lot of cum had accumulated. I handed the cum container to Jack, while I put my head in the mess, licking madly while my ass waved in the air.

The men hooted and hollered, commenting on my ass and cunt, how "heavily used" I looked. As usual, their insults and remarks just made me feel hotter and eager to do more.

When my mouth was full with the results of licking the bed, I returned to Jack, held the container with two hands, and spit out a huge blob of cum. Cheers and applause rewarded the effort as I got ready to drink it down.

I lifted the Pyrex to drink the cum. I gulped it down calmly while the men cheered and chanted encouragement.

"Chug, chug, chug...drink that cum...get it all."

It went down very smoothly, creamy and slimy. I finished with a big, slutty "Ah!" I used my fingers to wipe a little more out. All the while, I took additional direct cum shots in the face and mouth, fresh from men who had been stroking as they watched.

Inside my mouth and throat, I was completely coated. Head back again, I used my fingers to pull loops of cum out of my mouth. I lifted it high then dropped it to decorate my face and tits.

I knew I had the cumslut role down, a world class talent. The men told me so.

~~~~~~

The party rolled on with many more men dropping in to fuck me, get sucked off, or to jerk off on me. My reaction continued to be delight and sexual excitement, including many orgasms, large and small. Each time I got off, as I lay there panting, the men in the room celebrated it as a big event, heightening their enjoyment as they saw me convulse with pleasure, making primitive noises and gasping for breath.

Finally, after more hours of such fun, Robbie announced we were closing shop, but said, "If anybody was left out, it's not too late."

I looked around with my mouth open, and got three more dicks to lick and suck, to blow their loads down my throat.

It was after midnight when we were able to leave, going straight home. I laughed hysterically the whole way, an emotional release, as we reviewed what happened at the motel.

We were hardly in the door before I threw open my coat showing I had nothing on except an uneven glaze of cum.

I said to my guys, with an almost desperate breathlessness, "I am so horny. You'd better fuck me and fuck me good."

I paused, a little afraid I had gone too far and that one or more of them wouldn't accept the kind of cum party I just had.

Wordlessly, but grinning, Robbie picked me up and carried me to the master bedroom with the other three right behind us. All the way, he hugged me to him. He threw me on the bed; they all stripped.

They fucked me into oblivion, totally reaming every hole, doing every combination. I was stretched and filled past my limits, my dream.

When I was totally frazzled from that onslaught, they started working over my clit with their hands and tongues. They emptied the toy drawer and used every vibrator and dildo. I had orgasm after orgasm, long lasting and deep into every hidden component of me, orgasmic rewards that do not happen without the hyper-intense titillation I'd had that night.

Hours went by unnoticed in the sexual frenzy.

At the end, when I was utterly drained, Team V treated me to a four way facial from their four dicks arranged around my head. The only dicks I really cared about pumped their cum onto my face, all at once. I was in the heaven above heaven, on my back feeling the cum ooze off my face, across my ears and neck.

We lay in a heap and slept into the next day.

I was the happiest cumslut in history.

~~~~~~

The video recorded at the motel became part of our sex life at home. We first used it at a Friday party with the five of us, replacing the porn we usually enjoyed. The first time we watched the "Melanie Show" it had an electric effect on all of us. Even though I had lived it, the video of me amplified the impact. Everyone was super hot and we had a much longer and more intense evening than normal.

But it went further than that. Another day, I walked into the game room to find Lester watching my video while masturbating. No one else was around.

"My fan club!" I exclaimed. "Should I leave or would you like the real thing?"

Floyd said huskily, "Both," he said, panting. "Put on a show for me."

I grinned and shed my clothes. I stood in front of him, whipping my clit and swaying my tits to get started. He looked at me and at the screen, absorbing both. I kissed him, pushed my boobs in his face, and stuck my pussy-wet fingers in his mouth.

Lester was beating off faster and faster, he couldn't last much longer. I dropped down and took his dick into my mouth where I finished him with my tongue and head movements. My mouth was very full.

I gargled, blew a few bubbles, put my fingers into the cum and used it to paint my nipples. Then I swallowed.

Back on his dick, I licked and sucked him to half hard again, then I crawled into his lap.

My video continued to roll as I stretched my whole body against Lester. I put his hand between my legs, opening mine as his leg pushed between. I squirmed and pressed on him as he played with my clit, getting his fingers in the exact position to raise my sexual temperature, giving what I wanted. I gasped and moaned, holding on to his dick, moving against him more and more rapidly.

I felt my body arch and clench, my breath explode in a rush, as the wave of orgasm swept across me, leaving me breathing so hard. Lester held onto me, kissing my cheek, as I lay helpless on top of him.

I spent another hour with him in blissful afterglow.

~~~~~~

At the end of the second year, the men said they had a question for me.

"Will you move in with us?" Robbie asked, speaking for the group of four.

Until that question, our arrangements were the same as our first time, the night I was the hostess for the poker party. I had my own apartment, fifteen minutes from the house shared by the four men. We spent a lot of time together as Team V - outside work that was almost always for a sex party. Even when we went out to the motel, we'd end up back at the house. If I stayed over - too fucked out to drive home - I still went home the next day.

"What would the arrangements be?" I asked. "There are only four bedrooms."

Robbie explained. "We found a different place a half-mile from here. It's like a small hotel. We could each have a bedroom and private bath, plus a shared modern kitchen, living room, party room, lots of storage and parking. Really ideal for us. It's quaintly charming with lots of nice touches like fireplaces, stained glass windows, antique woodwork, and stuff."

"How much is the rent, or my part of it?" The idea was attractive, but there were lots of practical questions.

"No rent, we'd buy it."

"How? It must cost a lot."

Robbie explained the finances. The owner was willing to finance a purchase. Due to the unusual nature of the building, it had been on the market for many months, too long for the seller. Under the terms of the sale, with five of us splitting the costs, my part of the monthly expenses would be less than the rent I was paying for my apartment.

"But assume the financial part works, do you want to be with us?" Robbie needed an answer to that.

"I do. I totally trust you guys and want to be as close to you as possible. We've been together intimately for two years now. I think I can commit."

They took me to see the place, including the light and beautiful private room proposed for me.

I loved everything about our potential new home. It took another month to make all the arrangements, then we moved in.

The inauguration party - just the five of us - was epic. We had some kind of kinky sex in every room of the new house to start things off. Then hours of sex using my video as a backdrop. For the finale, I lay on my back on the big couch, with my pussy and ass stuffed with an oversize dildo and a butt plug while I sucked my men off one by one, holding the cum in my mouth.

Holding their four loads, I sat up and let cum dribble out, down from my lips and chin, falling on my tits, over my belly and between my legs.

They praised me and showered me with their approval.

"Welcome home, adorable cumslut. Welcome home."

~~~~~~

We continued to have evenings at the motel, where a steady supply of guys were available for the cumslut treatment I wanted and the arousal of my four Team Vasquez men. We became known, well enough to cause a line to form when Robbie's black F-250 pulled in.
