 Before long, Melanie was out of her bath, through the secret passage in the kitchen to her bedroom, and dressed in clothes suitable for lunch. She was pleased to have a chance to sit still and contemplate something as simple as food, for the day was surely turning out to be a strange one. 

At lunch, she noticed she drew little attention. Her tutor greeted her normally, asking if she felt up to the afternoons lessons. The maid didn't give her the same looks she'd given her in the morning, though she did give her a speedy, friendly wink as she poured her coffee. Mr. Anderson barely looked at her, and her father said she seemed more settled and that the ride must have done her the world of good. Melanie was grateful for these small mercies and put it down to her bath and the fact that she felt less self conscious - now that she had done many things in such a short space of time. 

And she did feel that a lot had happened to her in the space of a few short hours and that indeed, she had grown into a woman. Melanie, having known no better, and having witnessed the maid and Mr. Anderson, assumed this was the normal state of things for all adults and that through their own maturity they had been able to keep all of this from her when she was a child. 

And yet, dear reader, the day was not over yet, and there were more occurrences to come. 

In the afternoon, Melanie sat with her tutor and they worked on her literature knowledge. Melanie was bored with the Greek myths, but loved the tight, high ass of her tutor, so she listened to all that he said with a faint smile on her face. She concentrated better than she had in the morning, for she no longer felt that she would be denied if she wanted to drink from his body later in the evening. Scarcity transformed itself into abundance, and although this had no affect on her rampant desire, it did make a difference to her ability to see the value of right time and right place. 

The afternoon lessons were always short, and unlike the morning, Melanie really did want to go for a horse ride in the afternoon. Not for the need to flush agitation from her system, but for fresh air, exercise and the joy of giving her horse a strong and powerful run, the thrill of working with the great animal as she sat on its back, something she derived great pleasure from.

It was after this ride, that she was rubbing her horse down, that she was visited by none other than Mr Anderson.

Alone in the stable with the man who had ass-fucked her only a few hours before, Melanie smiled and flushed. She felt strangely shy, but timidly nodded at him when he approached her. Anderson seemed to take it all in his stride. He looked neither uncomfortable nor self-conscious.

"Melanie. My dear. How are you feeling?"

Melanie smiled. "I'm well Sir. All the better for having had a strong ride."

Mr. Anderson smiled as if he shared a private joke with Melanie and she should know what it is. Melanie smiled back, but turned to rub her horse down. Mr Anderson continued. 

"Melanie. Your father has sent me to inform you that he has been called away for the afternoon and then for the evening, and he has asked that my colleagues and I keep you entertained this afternoon. For some reason he is a little nervous about you spending time alone with your tutor tonight. Would you do us the honors of dressing for dinner and then meeting us in the games room for a few hours? We were thinking we might offer you a small drink to celebrate your coming of age."

This sounded lovely to Melanie, and overcame the initial sinking of her heart at the news that her father had been called away.

The rest of the afternoon was a blur. Melanie took her to room again and this time the upstairs maid prepared a bath for her (that Melanie took alone) and then helped dress her (clothes on not off) so that she was a fine beauty for dinner. As she walked down the stairs, she noticed the tutor was there, staring at her, his hand out to escort her to the dinner table. He looked handsome in his finery also, a neat dark tie at his throat setting off his black unruly hair, his dark eyes sparkling in the evening lights. Melanie's heart raced.

"I'll meet you in your chambers tonight madam." He whispered as she came close to take his hand. "I know you are invited to a private function this evening. But I assure you, I will end this day with you." 

Melanie smiled at him. How she wished she could skip the dull old visit with the business men and spend time with him alone. The young tutor continued. 

"And may I say, Madam. You look ravishing tonight."

Melanie flashed him her warmest smile.

Dinner was an uneventful affair. The three business men sat at the top of the table surrounded by papers and calculating machines and lower butlers running to and fro. Melanie sat with the tutor, and they laughed and giggled, a few times with the maid as she came back and forth with food and empty plates. The atmosphere was always easy when her father was out, and even though Melanie loved her father dearly and preferred him to be there, like all teenage children, it was rather thrilling when he wasn't present. 

Before she knew it, the meal was over, the three men had retired to the games room, and Melanie was polishing off a fine espresso. The tutor bade her farewell, promising to visit her later and Melanie was alone at the table.

She was just contemplating whether she should go directly to the games room, when the maid appeared at her side. 

"Ma'm. I'm to take you to the gentlemen now, for the evenings activities."

Melanie smiled up at her. "Ok. Thank you Veronica. That will be excellent."

She stood, and followed the maid through the entry hall, to the larger of the two sitting rooms off to the side of the main hall. When she entered the games room, the three gentlemen were standing around the billiards table, each holding long straight cue's. They stood tall and performed slight bows when Melanie entered. Then Mr Lay and Mr Skilling turned back to their game, while Mr Anderson found Melanie a chair. 

"You look lovely tonight Miss Melanie." Said Anderson. "The men and I were speaking earlier of how well you have blossomed into a woman. You are very beautiful and will prove a fine asset to your fathers fortune."

"Yes indeed!" Said Mr Lay. He was a moon faced man, older, with graying hair. His physique was round without being fat. "I think you will fetch a fine husband Miss Melanie and bring with that marriage a grand addition to your father's estate." 

Mr. Skilling turned and smiled at her. "We're counting on you Miss, to double your father's already substantial estate. A good marriage could bring your Father up to the second wealthiest man in the country."

Melanie laughed. "That sounds a little like you gentleman may have a future husband planned for me."

Anderson smiled. "Unfortunately, you will find out that it is very much like that. You are your father's only heir and therefore bound to inherit one of the largest estates in the country. If you marry well - which is your major asset, you will be able to single-handed do what all the successful business working in the country take decades to do. You will be able to increase your father's estate significantly. Your marriage is a little like your most successful business decision."

Melanie smiled. She was aware of all of this, but her father always gave her his promise shed never have to marry someone she didn't - or rather couldn't - love. 

"But Gentlemen, what of love? I would like to marry for love. Doesn't that count?"

Mr Lay smiled back at Melanie, enjoying the game. "It is our understanding, Miss Melanie, that you know quite a bit about the subject of love, for you have been schooled on the subject all day."

Melanie flushed and started down at her hands. 

"Now she's modest!" Laughed Mr. Skilling. 

Veronica ran to her side. She stroked Melanie's hair and put her arm protectively around her shoulders. Then she turned on the gentlemen. 

"Hush now you three. You have no business talking to Miss Melanie that way. She may have learned a lot, but she's still her father's daughter, and the three of you should recognize your future boss when you are looking at her."

Still smiling, Skilling stood tall, bringing his heels together with a click. He gave a slight nod toward Melanie and said "I do apologize if I have hurt your honor in any way Miss Melanie."

Melanie felt bad that the fun in the room had turned sour, and so she smiled to lighten the mood. 

"It's alright Mr. Skilling. I wasn't offended. I'm just so new to all these adult games, and even though I have been... er... schooled as you say, I still feel there is so much for me to learn, I hardly know where to begin."

Mr Lay sat down in a large deep arm chair off to Melanie's right. "Come here child. Come and sit on my lap like you used to as a little girl. Tell me all about your day."

The other men eagerly dropped their pool cues as Melanie stood and moved to Mr. Lay. Sitting on his lap she snuggled into his brad chest. She remembered sitting this way as a small child and then a young girl, when she used to like the way he smelled of brandy and cigars and his broad belly was soft and cuddly. She cuddled into him now, giggling just as she used to.

"Lord it's been years since I did this." 

"I know." said Lay. "We had to stop certain games when you were too old as a child Miss Melanie, but we can do them now that you have become a woman. You will find sometimes it is still fun to act like a child and let go of all the responsibilities of being an adult."

"Oh that would be fun."

Mr. Lay wrapped his arm around her waist and Melanie snuggled in closer. His other hand he moved across her body, and clasped her thighs over her clothes. He held her tight, and Melanie felt so safe and happy, just as she used to when she was a child sitting in his lap. 

"Would you like to act that way now, Miss Melanie? You can just let go of any worries, you know and relax. We three men will be the grownups for a while."

Melanie smiled and snugged into his chest as a way of giving her consent to this notion.

"Now tell me, what is confusing you?"

"Well, sir, I'm not sure that I am hiding well enough that I have been playing adult games. I am aware that I am meant to always show I am a virgin, but it is hard, when I have been doing things that mean I no longer am."

"What sort of things have you been doing?' Said Mr. Lay. 

"Well, I pushed the bed post into my little pussy till I leaked juice all over it while the tutor watched. Then later in class the tutor put his thing in me. Then I met Mr Anderson, and he put his thing in my little ass. And then I went to clean up with the maid and she put her tongue in me."

Melanie buried her face in Mr. Lay's chest.

The three men looked at each other. Anderson had a huge grin on his face. The men exchanged lust filled smiles and without any words, Skilling stood and clapped a high five with Anderson. 

"Do you feel more or less shy with these people that you have done these things with?" Lay asked Melanie. 

"Oh less shy." She said, still with her head buried in his chest. "I'm not ashamed when I see them, I am happy and proud. It's the other people. The ones who seem to be able to see through me - like my Father - that I am so worried about." 

Lay started to stroke her leg, with a soothing notion; trying to make her feel more relaxed. 

"Well, then surely, the answer is to do these things with as many people as possible so you can feel more and more relaxed around them."

Melanie pulled her head back out of his chest, so that she could look at him. Her face was very close to his. She could smell the familiar lovely smells of her youth, and it gave her a dull ache. The way he was stroking her thigh was starting to make her feel very good down there. 

Suddenly it didn't seem they were playing a game anymore. She had an overwhelming urge to kiss Mr Lay in the same way she'd kissed the others that day. So she opened her mouth, and leaned forward. He didn't seem to be objecting as she drew her face forward, and when her lips touched his, he didn't complain either. As Melanie pressed her face into Mr. Lay's face, and they started to kiss properly, she felt his hand that was on her thigh, move higher till it was at the top of her bodice. He ran his hands over the swelling bumps at the top of her corset as the two of them kissed and sucked on each other's tongues. 

When Melanie pulled away, Mr Lay said, "Melanie, do you know what I would like to see?"

"No sir, I do not." Said Melanie. His hands were still feeling her breasts over her clothes and she was starting to get the desperate urge to remove all her clothes. 

"I'd like to see the maid do that thing to you again. Do you mind if the three of us watch as she kisses you down there?"

The suggestion gave Melanie an instant rush of fluid and she said "Oh no! I don't mind at all."

With that, Veronica moved directly over to them. Mr Lay twisted Melanie around so that she was on his lap, but facing forward, her legs falling over his at the front of the chair. Kneeling before her, Veronica glanced up and smiled, and then started to lift Melanie's skirts. Mr Lay had both hands over her breasts now, and it felt wild. She looked at Mr Anderson and he had his huge cock out and he stroked it, and when she glanced at Mr Skilling, he had his dick out in the same way. She started at Mr Skilling's penis. She hadn't seen it before, and it was very long. She wondered if she'd get that inside her tonight, and secretly, fervently, she hoped the answer was yes. 

Soon Veronica had her skirts up, and she was pulling at the ribbons on the sides of her undergarments. Before Melanie could think, she felt the cool air on her bare thighs, above the knee where her stockings stopped. Mr Lay removed his hands form her breasts, and ran them down the front of her bodice, till he was at her naked thighs. Then continuing down, he cupped his hands under her knees, and lay back, holding them apart.

Melanie fell back into the chair again with him. He held her legs wide apart, and she was now naked from the waist down. Mr Lay whispered into Melanie's ear, "Are you comfortable darling?" And she replied she was. Mr Lay twisted his head around to her side so that he could see Veronica. 

"Miss Veronica. Bring her off as you told us you were able to do."

Veronica leaned in. Melanie could see her head disappear beneath the large bulge of her breasts and then suddenly she could feel the hot wet tongue on her snatch. Veronica flat tongued her at first, sweeping it from ass to slit and back as Mr. Lay lifted and spread her legs wider. Melanie noticed the men on either side pulling hard on their cocks, as Veronica rolled her tongue around the outside of her now soaking pussy. 

Then Veronica moved her tongue deep into Melanie's cunt and immediately Melanie started to convulse. The combination of Veronica's tongue and the gentlemen at either side stroking their cocks was too much for her, and she burst into a small, starter orgasm into Veronica's mouth. 

Veronica pulled her face away. 

Mr Lay sat up, and started to pull at the lace of Melanie's bodice. 

"Let's get these tits out baby, and we can have some real fun." He said out loud into the room. Mr. Skilling grabbed Veronica and kissed her hard, while Mr Anderson watched the action continuing to stroke his dick. 

Soon Melanie felt her big tits being lifted and dropped, over the top of her bodice. Her dress was on still, but disheveled and her undergarments had been thrown to the corner of the room. As he pushed her to a standing position, Mr Lay said, "Lay on your back girl. Here on the floor."

Melanie lay down on her back. Veronica was standing over her, as Mr. Skilling was undoing her dress from behind. It fell at her feet and as before she wore no undergarments, except for her black stockings that came just above the knee. Naked, but for those stockings, she looked beautiful. Melanie started up at her from the floor, salivating. The dress was kicked to one side. 

As the men fumbled with their shoes, hose and trousers, Veronica moved to stand over Melanie's head. She squatted so that her own hungry snatch was above Melanie's face. Melanie reached up to draw her cunt into her face, and Veronica obliged, happy to offer the young girl her dripping pussy. She relaxed into Melanie's mouth that was open, hot and drooling, and leaned forward to pay the compliment back in kind. The women pleasured each other in a 69 as the men got themselves naked. 

"Gentlemen, come and look at this." said Veronica. She motioned toward Melanie's snatch. 

Melanie barely noticed. She loved the juice that flowed out of Veronica so much, she sucked and licked and devoured her maid as if she were a starving woman.

"Have you ever seen a cunt as juicy as this?" asked Veronica? She was stroking Melanie, her huge breasts laying forward so that they hung over the younger woman's thighs, as she pulled her hand back to reveal great strands of clear liquid sitting so thick and heavy over her hand it made her fingers looked webbed. 

"Oh my god." Said Skilling. "Let me in for a taste." 

Then he and Veronica kissed each other over the top of Melanie's snatch, letting their tongues entwine with each other and rolling them in the slick flesh of Melanie's hungry cunt. 

As he pulled away, Veronica sat back on Melanie's face, and started to rotate her ass. "Oh god, she's gonna make me cum." She cried. She threw her head back and tugged hard on her nipples. She thrust her cunt hard in Melanie's face. 

"See if this helps." Said Anderson. He had a billiards cue. With the fatter end, he slowly worked it into Melanie's cunt under the amazed gaze of the other two men. Melanie instantly braced her feet on the ground, bent her legs at the knees, and spread wider while tilting her pelvis up to give the long piece of wood more access.

"God yes! She's sucking me like her life's gonna end!" cried Veronica. Anderson started to pump the cue in and out of Melanie's body, getting faster as Melanie thrust and pushed hard against it from the ground. 

Just at that point, Veronica screamed and came all over Melanie's face, and at the same time the men noticed large globs of clear fluid gathering around the entrance to the cues. 

It looked like the women had just brought each other off in front of them.

Anderson pulled the cue out and bent in to suck all the fresh fuck out of Melanie's body. Mr. Lay jumped up and standing over the top of Melanie, thrust his cock into Veronica's mouth. He grabbed her hair and dragged her face into his body hard, holding her against his torso till she went red and started to splutter. In seconds he burst into her, his cock spurting its stuff deep into her throat.

As soon as he stood back, Veronica coughed and spluttered, her face red and her eyes weeping. She lifted her ass, and bent her face above Melanie. Then with a huge cough, she allowed a large river of mucous and saliva and cum to spill into Melanie's open and waiting mouth.

This drove the other two men crazy. Anderson stood and turning Veronica around, stuck his huge cock into her pussy over the top of Melanie's face. While she watched the cock slamming in and out of the maids cunt, she felt her own cunt being filled with the enormous cock of Mr. Skilling. 

"Oh god yes!" cried Melanie as she watched the fucking that was taking place over the top of her, her own pussy being pounded and slammed harder than she'd ever received, as Skilling had her legs looped over his arms and her huge trembling buttocks pumping against his pelvis. Soon Anderson pumped Veronica full of his goo, and as soon as he pulled out and collapsed into a nearby chair, Veronica squatted over Melanie, allowing the white fluid to drip from her pussy into the eighteen year old girls mouth. As Melanie licked her lips and pulled Veronica over her face in order to suck it out properly, Skilling cried out and emptied his own balls into Melanie's young fresh tight snatch. As soon as he was done, Veronica made her way down between Melanie's legs to suck all the cum out of her cunt. Melanie, already exhausted from several orgasms, found herself with one last one in her, so she wrapped her legs around Veronica's head and thrust her cunt into her face before the captivated, thrilled eyes of the three men watching. 
