 4. The Condo: 

I'm Melanie. I'm a 30 year old, married slut who cheats on her husband almost daily, if not even more often than that, because he can't come close to satisfying me and I can't possibly get enough cock anyway. This is another entry in my memoirs.

At the time I'm writing this, I've got about eight to ten guys who I count as "boyfriends" -- guys I fuck somewhat regularly. I decided to write down how I got here -- the doting, boring suburban housewife to the cheating, cock-loving little bitch that I know I am -- because I know how impressed many guys are with me. I've done some really, ridiculously naughty things. Really depraved, outrageous things. Two years ago, before all this started, I barely even had fantasies about some of the things I've done.

I can't get enough attention from hung, sexy men (and hot ladies too!). I want every reader of this to crave me, as much as I crave the men in my life. Don't you want me? My petite 125 pound frame, my long dark hair and slender, triangular face, my hot small ass, my gorgeous C-cup tits. I'm here for you, baby, are you man enough to please me, hmm?

So go on, grab your dick (or jam your fingers in your twat), read on and I hope you get off as hard as I have!

* * * *

(I recall this momentous event happened on a crisp and chilly, early December day this past winter; not freezing and snowy, but "warm" enough -- by our Pennsylvania standards -- to have been October.)

Having been cheating on my husband with other men -- in person -- for about six months, my sexual escapades were teaching me a lot about myself. Some things I wouldn't have guessed. But in my decisions of whose emails I was going to respond to, you know, what did I find really attractive in a man, I found some surprises. Like, maybe a guy's money was attractive me, even if the guy wasn't a rock-hard stud?

I'd married my husband in part because he's from a well-off family and had a secure job at the large family company. We got engaged my senior year in college, and I gave up any idea of a career of my own, because he had a family nest egg in case his self-financed lifestyle fell through. We don't live rich, but his daddy is worth a few dozen million, and there's no way we'll be broke, ever.

In fact, it was my luxurious life of not having a job that led me to the freedom of fucking other men all the time. My husband worked day to night, while I got to stay home and do whatever I pleased. Sleep in, work out, go window-shopping. I love to shop, but I don't dare buy anything except the most trivial items, lest my husband object to my spending habits. He works, I spend, that sort of thing. I could go to school (but why?), I could start my own at-home business (tried that, hated it), my life was my own. I ended up filling most days online, having cybersex or phonesex, and then later finding men to go meet to fuck. From September to late November, besides our handyman Roger whom I'd been fucking since July, I met and got laid by four men from the Internet -- Chuck, once in a hotel room; Mark, a hot married stud was I had been able to see only twice, which was disappointing since he was a great fuck; and a couple guys I'd seen four or five times, Justin and Max.

I was meeting most of the men from my online personal ad, advertising that a horny married 29 year old wanted to get laid by handsome guys with big cocks. I'd met a lot of men in chat rooms, but none were local to me. But the ad created a steady stream of emails from respondents trying to solicit some naked time with me, and I spent a lot of time each week reading through emails and wondering if guys were worthy of my response. Some were; few panned out to be real opportunities that sounded interesting to me.

One such opportunity was the message from Paul. Now, Paul is hot in a different way. A self-made multimillionaire, he had a huge mansion in the most expensive part of town, and a house in Florida, and a wife and kids, and a very expensive sports car. He was in his late 40s, he was fit although not athletic, he was handsome although not scorching hot. But, as his nude pictures showed, he looked good without clothing, and his 6 1/2 inch penis was thick and popping with veins, and streaming with cum and pussyjuice as it was in the photo I saw, I instantly thought about fucking it.

Paul's offer, however, was more than just his cock. He wrote in his email that he was married but had a girlfriend who was 23 years old, and she was living in a condo her daddy bought for her. Turned out, his girlfriend Blayne came from big money too, and she didn't work but lived a rich kid's life in the city. I guess these high-life snobs met somehow and started fucking all the time in her waterfront condo. Paul wrote me saying, if I was interested, he and Blayne loved to include a second female time to time, and I was "gorgeous" and they'd love to have a threesome with me.

Damn, a threesome. I'd talked about them with men and women online, and even passed over an opportunity for one in college with my then-roommate. (Would have been too weird, I thought.) Paul was not bad looking, but the photos of Blayne were exceptional. She was a blonde, slender, proportionate small breasts, super-long golden hair, and her body looked fit and tanned in the bikini she was wearing in the photos.

There was a lot of back-and-forth about this, and I can't remember all the details even if I had the patience to relate them. I exchanged emails with Paul, got to see a video of Paul and Blayne fucking, and also a video of Blayne doing a "69" with another female (or, it looked like it was Blayne, her face was buried in some bitch's crotch). We played phonetag a bit because, I guess, Paul is a rather busy guy. He never put me in direct touch with Blayne, but he forwarded me a voicemail from her where Blayne said to him, "She's sooo hot, I'd luuuuuv to do her with you!" That made me cum, just hearing it.

It was almost frustrating, thinking I had an opportunity for a very interesting afternoon but never able to schedule it, until it just happened quickly one morning. My husband left for work, I was nude and checking my emails on my iPhone. Paul wrote at that moment, and we were on the phone talking. How about today. After lunch. One pm. He gave me Blayne's address, and details about where to park. Buzz up to her condo, number somethingorother. See you then.

Another trip into the city, although not as difficult a drive, as one previously where I went to a downtown hotel to fuck a business guy I met on the Internet, Chuck. This trip to the city my husband would never know about, I just wouldn't tell him.

I was at the condo building too early, nervously fidgeting on a bench outside the building about 20 minutes early. It wasn't a frigid December day as would be typical of our part of Pennsylvania, but it was just chilly, like late October or something. Windy too. If it had been a nice day I might have waited the 20 minutes, but in that weather I wanted to get inside past the locked vestibule. So I pulled out my iPhone and emailed Paul that I'd arrived already, and a moment later he called to say he'd be there soon, we could go up together. So more nervous waiting, although it was probably only about ten minutes or so, when a handsome, well-dressed man walked up to me. Paul put his hand out, graciously telling me how much more sexy and attractive I was in person than in the photos, and if I was "ready" we could go up and "hang out with Blayne."

"Okay." I took his hand, standing up, realizing I was blushing. My coat wasn't thick enough for the heavy wind, letting a gust of chilly air through what I was wearing, making me shiver as I stood in front of him. "I'm sorry if I seem nervous, I -- well, this is a little different for me."

Paul seemed to understand. "You won't have to do anything you don't want to," he promised, "but, Blayne is really cute and fun, trust me you'll have a good time."

This was one expensive condo, it was marble and brass all over, huge paintings and sculptures. Paul was very relaxed, which helped because I felt like I was stepping outside my world coming into the place. The elevator had an old guy working in it, and he certainly knew Paul. We went up to the top floor, and soon we were at Blayne's door.

The blonde was smiling and giggly as she let us in. She was wearing nothing particularly fancy -- tight jeans and a worn t-shirt -- but her makeup was plentiful, and her long blonde hair was done up in curled, teased 'do. When she saw me, she had a lusty look, one that men often gave me. That actually relaxed me too; there was no ice between us. "Hi, Melanie, can I take your coat?"

Snickering, I knew that removing my coat would draw a reaction. I dressed for a threesome. As I pulled my raincoat off, Paul and Blayne saw me wearing only a see-through mesh negligee, with black g-string thong underneath. My tits might as well have been naked, they could see my areolas and stiff nipples through the mess, and the slit of my shaved cunt was visible in the mesh thong.

Yeah, I was nervous dressing like that with only a coat over it, and felt doubly weird wearing it on the street, but a horny voice in my head told me it would be more fun to wear it. See what reaction I'd get.

Paul reacted by whistling, and Blayne actually stepped back as if blown away, her face lighting up in delight. She took my coat, her eyes on my tits and crotch, and she said, "Holy shit, you're hot!"

So an awkward moment happened, I'm standing there almost nude with a horny guy and his girlfriend, and I didn't know the etiquette. I was the third person, the add-on, I didn't know what to do. So I stood there, stupidly, horny, showing off my tits and cunt, instantly thinking maybe I should have dressed more conservatively.

My hesitation was resolved quickly, when Paul took over. "Darling," he said to his young girlfriend, sliding to stand next to her, "maybe you should put on something like her cute little outfit." He playfully chastised her for not being "dressed" for the afternoon, and she mockingly scolded him back about setting it up so late, and she only woke up not long ago after partying the previous night. Paul took my hand, leading me into a plush, well-decorated living room while Blayne disappeared into her upstairs bedroom. He sat on the large leather sofa, pulling me to sit sideways on his lap, my slender legs stretched down the sofa and his crotch throbbing against the side of my buttocks. I felt one of his arms behind my back, his other hand resting on my naked knee.

Disarming my nerves further, he began whispering in my ear how much he looked forward to today, and how much he'd been thinking about me since seeing my ad. The fact I responded to him "made his day," whatever that day was, and he said he and Blayne had been talking about my visit ever since he brought it up with her. Obviously full of himself, he kept talking about how his wife "runs the roost" at home, but they had "grown apart" and he was spending more and more time with Blayne. "I would think we'll end up together, someday," he confided in me.

Meanwhile, as he talked to me, I felt his hand behind my back sliding down to my butt. As I sat on his lap, he began stroking my small asscheeks through my negligee, his fingertips tracing the outline of my bony ass. His voice quivered, as his eyes stared at my nice tits in the see-through outfit. "You sure are delicious, Melanie."

"Mmm, is that right?" I leaned over to rub my nose against his, not really caring his girlfriend and soon-to-be wife might be walking in on us. They invited me over, after all. He let me rub his nose, giggling, then I kissed his nose quickly. "I didn't dress wrong, did I?"

"Oh no," came his quick response.

Blayne added her thoughts too. "Here, maybe this is better?" Striding down the stairway, the sexy mistress was wearing only a red negligee herself. I could see her round firm butt uncovered by a string thong, then the shape of her pussy in the tight panel of the thong. The negligee had faux red fur around the top hem and spaghetti straps, but her nipples were visible below it through the lacy fabric. The little dress stopped about mid-waist. She'd also put on red thigh-high stockings, giving her a sleek, packaged look. "Baby, this more what you had in mind?"

Paul moaned, patting the sofa next to himself for his kept woman. "Oh, definitely." He smiled at me, lifting my legs so Blayne could sit hip-to-hip with him, so that as I sat sideways on his lap, I was facing her with my legs crossing her lap too. "Now you two look like a matched set."

We three started talking, and it lowered the heat I'd brought into the room with me. Hooking my arm behind Paul's shoulder, I leaned back on the sexy older man and pushed my C-cup tits forward, knowing both he and the 23 year old blonde were staring at them. Blayne' slender hand took to caressing my feet and calves, while Paul's hand was still touching the curves of my butt. I felt sexy, but not needing instant physical contact, as we began talking. They were asking what kind of men I'd met online, and if I'd accepted any dates. I told them about Chuck, and mentioned Adam and Roger. Blayne said they'd had two guys and one female join them whom they met on the internet -- giggling that she meant all at different times, not at one big orgy. Paul wouldn't rule out an orgy with all of them, jokingly, and Blayne said she didn't need "more than what we have here," smiling at me with a wink.

Paul started asking if I'd been with another girl, and I confided I hadn't. I had to further confess I was a little apprehensive about it, but "excited" because Blayne was so gorgeous. She gave me another wink, squeezing my feet in place of a hug. It was clear to me who was really motivated to have me over, so Paul told me I needed to get "more friendly" with Blayne. He lifted me off of himself, putting me sideways on Blayne's lap now, us to girls sitting right next to him, me facing him this time.

Suddenly, I was very nervous, but very horny. I felt Blayne's breath on my naked neck, and smelled her perfume and her wet pussy. I felt gentle in her arms, held by a slightly taller but still petite female, both of us barely dressed. I could see Paul eyeing us together, enjoying the view of his blonde girlfriend in red and a hot brunette in black together. He nudged Blayne, nodding at me, and the fun started.

Blayne started making out with me. I hadn't kissed a girl that way before, but I told myself, treat it like a guy. Only, a girl isn't a guy. Her lips were sensuous, her tongue soft and melodious, her breaths were different and her presence inside my mouth was relaxing. We moaned together, she let me suck her tongue, then she returned the favor, and soon I was in a full-fledged face-sucking kiss with another woman. I turned around on her lap, straddling her, facing her, my legs spread open over her hips and my face pressing down into hers. Blayne's hands started cupping my naked buttocks, and next to us Paul was barely stirring, watching.

"Mmm," purred Blayne, breaking the kiss to look at her much older boyfriend, "she's a good kisser, Paul!"

"Really?" He leaned forward. "Mind if I find out?"

Now I was kissing Paul, his much more powerful, probing tongue filling my mouth, driving my jaw open. Still squatting on Blayne, I was facing her, and she moved her mouth to my chest. I felt my negligee pulled down, my C-cup tits exposed, and the blonde started sensuously licking and suckling my tits while her boyfriend and I made out. Paul's hand groped my other buttock, so both of them had their hands on my firm little ass, and I couldn't help but grind my wet cunt against Blayne's abdomen through out flimsy clothing underneath me.

Everything the rest of that afternoon, and I mean about 2 and a half hours of it, was at Paul's direction. He wasn't like a "dom" and us "subs," but everything that happened was at his direction or with his blessing. Not so much controlling as self-centered, as if Blayne was afraid to challenge his emotions by doing anything he didn't want.

Paul liked the visual aspect of it too. He stripped and leaned on the sofa on his knees, having me suck his nice cock while Blayne went behind me to lick my butthole and vagina. Wow, I had some orgasms from her! She was really, really good eating me, which I kind of expected would be the case. Guys can't understand exactly what we feel, and she knew what buttons to push, so to speak. She used her fingers and thumbs perfectly too, toying with my clitoris just as I hit a crescendo, sending me over into cums while Paul stuffed my mouth with his prick. He was the third guy I'd fucked since I started cheating, and by now I was learning to take dick in my throat. Paul was smaller than Roger and Chuck, thank god, so I was able to get him into my throat a little bit without choking or vomiting, as Roger had experienced in our last fuckfest.

Paul cummed in my mouth, but had me not swallow so I could spit it into Blayne's mouth in a "snowball." It was a messy affair, we girls were laughing because the shit got everywhere on our lips and jaws. She kissed me, to suck up the cum, and that was sexy, sharing male sperm with another female mouth-to-mouth.

Then it was off to the bedroom, where Paul watched her and me strip each other while doing a sexy dance together. I thought about stripping for Chuck and kind of did the same thing, gyrating and touching a lot, but paying more attention to Blayne than myself. She was like a partner, we were entertaining Paul. She smiled a lot, she smelled very feminine, and she clearly really appreciated me; her purrs and kisses were not perfunctory. It was easy to be with her.

Which was good, because I was with her a lot!

Although Paul was nude too, most of the early action on the bed was exclusively between us females. We made out, fondled each other's bodies, and I touched the first female vagina other than my own. Its juices tasted a lot like mine, on my and her fingers. Then I was pushed back, and Blayne continued to eat me while I wormed around, cumming, moaning, clutching her long blonde hair. Paul kissed me a little and let me hold -- not jerk -- his cock, while he just admired the two-girl sex.

Of course, I knew what was going to happen, and the longer it took to happen the more nervous I was. I knew I had to lick Blayne's shaved pussy, which I wanted to do, yet also was afraid to do. But, lying on my back, suddenly she turned around for a "69" position and it was there, above my face, wet and pink, leaking, smelly, so sexy. She wasn't offering it to me, as much as expecting it. I stuck out my tongue, closed my eyes, and thought, what would make her feel the best? So I started rapidly tonguing her clitoris, vigorously licking it around, and alternatingly suckling it between my tight lips. I glanced over, naked horny Paul was staring at me eating his girlfriend's twat. I smiled at him, and went to town, shoving my tongue inside her wet hole, stretching my tongue as deep as I could.

We ate each other out, orgasming in each other's mouths. I drank mouthfuls of Blayne's sexy female juices, realizing I was pretty good at eating a cunt, which should have been no shock to me. Paul just sat on his ass, growing more horny, watching us intently.

Blayne and I didn't just 69, we took turns eating each other, and made out a lot, tasting each other's cum in our mouths, using fingers as much as tongues to screw each other's pussies. At times, I almost forgot Paul was there, until his cock was against my hand or mouth, if only briefly.

But, eventually, Paul had to get his sex too. He had me lie flat, Blayne sitting on my face, so I continued to eat her cunt while Paul mounted me. I couldn't see him but I felt him rub his hard prick against my twat, then with a shove he was fucking me, while making out with his girlfriend. He felt good, better than my husband, not as big as the huge pricks I'd fucked recently before him. Already having cum so much from Blayne's sex, I didn't cum right away, instead I gripped my slender knees and spread myself open to get used by Paul.
