 6. The Bar: 

I'm Melanie. I'm a 30 year old, married slut who cheats on her husband almost daily, if not even more often than that, because he can't come close to satisfying me and I can't possibly get enough cock anyway. This is another entry in my memoirs.

At the time I'm writing this, I've got about eight to ten guys who I count as "boyfriends" -- guys I fuck somewhat regularly. I decided to write down how I got here -- the doting, boring suburban housewife to the cheating, cock-loving little bitch that I know I am -- because I know how impressed many guys are with me. I've done some really, ridiculously naughty things. Really depraved, outrageous things. Two years ago, before all this started, I barely even had fantasies about some of the things I've done.

I can't get enough attention from hung, sexy men (and hot ladies too!). I want every reader of this to crave me, as much as I crave the men in my life. Don't you want me? My petite 125 pound frame, my long dark hair and slender, triangular face, my hot small ass, my gorgeous C-cup tits. I'm here for you, baby, are you man enough to please me, hmm?

So go on, grab your dick (or jam your fingers in your twat), read on and I hope you get off as hard as I have!

* * * *

(This happened about two weeks after I met Michael, my very perverted fuck buddy who picked me up in a grocery story. My night at the bar was about in the middle of this past March, maybe two and a half weeks ago.)

Sucks being a married slut, with an ignorant husband. All of my sexual adventures necessarily had to be confined to daylight hours -- from the moment my husband left the house for work, until the moment around dinner time he'd get back. When hubby was home, I was the good, doting wife. I knew I was missing a lot of sex, most of the men who send me emails wanted to meet at night, or on weekends.

So opportunities to cheat on my husband in the evening were extremely limited, to the point of being nonexistent basically. From the time I started having cybersex and phonesex with men in my life, almost a year and a half ago, there was only one night where I got to play. Well, two nights actually, back-to-back, but only one is worth remembering.

My husband had a corporate meeting at headquarters, he'd be gone for two nights. The first night was insanely frustrating and a complete missed opportunity. I arranged for a date with a married guy from online, but he stood me up, I was in a parking lot outside a restaurant all dressed for sex, but he never showed up. In fact, he never returned my emails. Must have chickened out, I figured. The loser. So, fuck that.

The second night, I decided to really have some fun. All the male attention on my big tits and firm small ass made me feel so powerful and feminine, so I had tons of confidence that I could attract sexy men. I had the seed of an idea planted in my pretty little head from a local chat room, where guys and a woman were discussing which bars were the best "pick up spots" for horny adults to hook up. There was a clear favorite, about thirty minutes from my house, it was a large dance club next to a row of motels, and several chatters in the room agreed it was a meat market for getting laid. I started thinking, what would it be like to go to it, and get picked up?

But a sexy woman can't go into a bar alone, that just wasn't right. I needed a partner in crime. So a week earlier, when I found out my husband was going out of town, I posted a "want ad" in the website with adult personal ads, saying I wanted to find a woman in her 20s or 30s who'd go with me to this club to hunt for cock. As you can guess, the most responses to my ad came from men -- hey baby, why go to the club, I got what you need right here, etc. And of course, Michael and Roger offered their "services" for the night. But I wanted to give it a try, to go to a club and have men hitting on me, maybe select one for a night of hot sex with a stranger.

Really, I got only one meaningful response from a female, so I accepted it. She said her name was Telly, she was 35 and married but she'd been thinking about "stepping out." She was going to tell her husband she was having a girl's night out, which apparently she did time to time, but she'd meet me at a restaurant near the bar, then head into the bar.

Telly wasn't my match. She looked worn, her hair was mousy and colorless, her rounded face had wrinkles already, her body could stand to use a bit treadmill more often. She wasn't ugly or anything, but with me next to her, I was definitely going to get a lot more attention. Dressing for the hunt, I had a plunging neckline white babydoll top with a black bra underneath it, the combination showing off a fleshy valley of my cleavage; below, my black miniskirt revealed almost all of my slender, sleek legs. If I bent over, half of my ass cheeks would be on display. By contrast, Telly had a strapless leather dress that hugged her tits and rounded hips, it would have been hot if she was 30 pounds lighter. I'm not being judgmental, I'm just saying the facts.

Not that I cared what she looked like. A little past 9 pm, when my husband thought I was going to be early, I was walking into the singles' bar with another horny married woman, looking for men to fuck us.

I had a blast that night. We already had men on our arm before we made it to the bar. I tried to keep the alcohol intake low, so I didn't lose control, I wanted to enjoy the evening, but through the course of a couple of hours, I had probably a dozen different mixed drinks served to me. I sipped a few of them, that was about it. Telly, however, drank a bit too much. Meanwhile, studs were buzzing like vultures around both of us, walking right up to us, leaning to talk over the loud music, putting arms around my shoulders all the time. Men who hadn't said a word to me. I was like meat in a lion's den.

I played nice to everyone who came to say hi, but I was finding it was hard to get rid of guys when she nestle up next to you. So I would lead Telly and me around the bar, instead of staying up, otherwise we'd have been captured by the first guys to approach us.

Quick learner at the meat market, I proved to be. I enjoyed the male attention, having two or three men at a time standing around me, touching my shoulders and back, some even "accidentally" brushing their crotches or hands against my miniskirt. But it was more fun to find a hot guy at the bar and approach him myself, instead of being the hunted prey. A couple of taller, well-built guys stole my attention, but neither panned out.

But later, I spied two guys in white dress shirts and dark slacks, standing at the bar talking, not really paying attention to females around them. They were in their early 30s, I thought, and both looked like athletes. Their shoulders were brawny, they had firm powerful chests, slender waists, well-groomed appearances. One had dark short hair and one pierced ear, the other had longer blondish hair, a day's worth of stubble on his chin (love it!), and obviously hairy chest from the whisps of golden hair visible where his shirt wasn't buttoned. I tapped Telly on the shoulder, "Look at those hunks," and I broke off a pointless conversation with other men to lead her around the bar.

I was pretty aggressive. "You boys need some female company?" I asked, nestling right up to the guy with the stubbled chin and hairy chest. He wasn't the hotter of the two, but I liked his style, and I figured the other guy probably got more attention than he did. Spread the wealth, so to speak. I was wearing my wedding ring, as was Telly, and I made sure to flash it by taking a sip of the drink in my hand. I thought that would signal I was there only for sex, right; a married woman at a meat market isn't shopping for an LTR.

Our presence was accepted, the two guys -- Brad (the better-looking guy with short dark hair) and Tommy (of the stubbled chin and hairy chest) -- bought us drinks. Sodas, actually, because were both thirsty, and Telly was already a bit tipsy. Standing between the two studs, I was so little, they were definitely over six foot and thus about a foot taller than me if not more. When a bar stool opened up, I scooted onto it so I could at least be closer to eye level. Telly, about medium height, just kept leaning against Brad while I was rubbing shoulders with Tommy.

I couldn't hear half of what they said, the place was so noisy. There was a dance floor on the other side of the place, and the excessively loud beating music made my ears pound. The place was half dark, but the bar area was lit from high above. It was small talk at first -- where you from, what do you do -- and the guys didn't seem phased when I said Telly and I were both married, our husbands were "away" so we came out to "play." Tommy flashed me a friendly smile at that news. The guys were former teammates in some sport but I couldn't hear what they said, now Tommy was an "analyst" and Brad was a high school coach of some kind.

After fifteen or twenty minutes, Telly was more intoxicated, and the guys were really into us. Brad kept groping Telly's ass through her leather dress, making Telly blush at him, but she didn't stop him. Tommy, standing next to my bar stool, kept looking down my ample cleavage of my top. I arched my back to give him as much a view as possible. His hand wandered down my back, starting at my shoulders but ending up just above my skirt where I sat on it. Damn, his hand felt good on me, he was a sexy man and my eyes were already sizing him up underneath his clothing. He looked like he had a great, fit body, as did Brad, and my horny brain was trying to size their dicks from the limited bulges in their loose slacks.

Is this how a pick-up goes? I hadn't done it since college, but those all involved keg parties at fraternities, not quite the scene here. I hoped that was where it was leading, it seemed we were waiting for a moment for Brad and Tommy to take Telly and I home.

I needed to encourage it. I stood up from the bar stool, standing next to much-taller Tommy. His hand stayed on my lower back, as was mine on his. His hand slipped down, over my mini-skirt. I gulped, feeling it, wanting him to explore. I curled my small hand around his exquisitely tight asscheek, gasping at how firm it was in his slacks, hoping that gave him the signal. It did, and a moment later, his hand slipped underneath my mini-skirt, his big paw was groping the soft cheeks of my nude buttocks.

Maybe other people noticed, maybe no one did; I didn't care, I loved his attention. We pretended to keep talking to Brad and Telly (not that Telly was talking much now), but I was just concentrating on Tommy's warm palm and fingers groping my married asscheeks under my mini-skirt. That went on about fifteen minutes, or so, until he pushed his hand down farther, sticking fingers from behind into the triangle of flesh between my crotch and upper thighs, almost stretching his long fingers to find my crotch from the backside. He really had to lean down for that. I yelped, but instead of pulling away, I spread my knees a bit, and pushed my butt towards his hand, so his fingers could momentarily slide over the very damp front of my thong. The pressure of his fingertips on my pussylips and clitoris made my knees tremble.

My blue eyes looked up at him, and he stared down at me, and we needed to get going, didn't we?

"Live far from here?" I asked, well yelled, into his ear. He said no, he was from out of town, but he pointed to Brad -- "he lives pretty close." I nodded, and realized, we four were going back to Brad's. That made me even more horny, thinking about the possibilities. Maybe I'd have both of them tonight, if Telly would share?

Only, there was a twist coming, a good one.

Tommy leaned to whisper to Brad, who nodded and smiled. Time to get going. Brad relayed the information to Telly, but the married bitch balked. I saw her blush, she looked at blinked at me, and she just froze in her spot. Time for the girls to talk.

I pulled her aside and, because it was too fucking noisy, we headed for the lady's room. That was insanely crowded, there was a line for the stalls, but at least it wasn't noisy. "So," I exclaimed to her excitedly, smiling ear to ear, "you ready to go, Brad lives close!"

The married, rounded mousy woman frowned, and her words were slow, slurred in part by the alcohol but also by her split mind. "I dunno," her voice feebly rambled, "can, um, we think about it -- maybe in a while--"

That made me mad. I was there to get laid, and Tommy definitely wanted to fuck me. The woman had agreed to the plan, and now she was backing out. "Well, I don't want to wait." My voice was definitely bitchy, irritated, as I get sometimes. "I think we're leaving now -- you coming with us, or if not, you can stay and have fun, that's up to you, but I think I'm leaving." I threw my hands up to show her my evening at the bar was over, and I just turned and left her in the women's room.

I headed back to Brad and Tommy, wondering what this meant. Tommy apparently was crashing at Brad's place, so without Telly to hook up with Brad, would I get to hook up with Tommy? Or -- nooo, the possibility was too awesome to think about.

Or was it?

Yeah, fuck that, I said, let's go for it.

Slipping to stand between their two bodies, my arms around each of their backs, I yelled at them so they could hear me. "Hey boys, Telly isn't feeling good, she's, uh -- she needs to go home, or something." I gave each guy a squeeze on his ass, and Brad's more meaty ass pushed back against my hand. "So Brad, I hear you live near here?"

The two men looked at each other, and without saying a word, it was decided.

I was going to get to fuck TWO men at once!

We walked out of the bar with me arm-in-arm with both studs, sandwiched between them. I was hardly walking, I was floating, my pussy was on fire and I was light-headed from the noise, darkness, and lusty expectations for the rest of the night. We left my car in the parking lot -- it wouldn't be the only one, I was told -- and the three of us climbed into Brad's roadster. It was a two-seater, so I sat on Tommy's lap. I had to crouch a bit and it was definitely a cramped space, but I certainly didn't mind. I could feel the bulge of his dick against my thigh, and his hand wandered up and down my lower back and butt, while his eyes continued to stare at my cleavage in front of his face.

When the car got roaring down the highway, I turned to look at Tommy and his face was right there next to mine, and it just happened. We started kissing -- making out, really, furiously. I opened my jaw to say it was okay for him to stick his tongue in me, and he did, and I whimpered like a schoolgirl feeling his tongue and lips invade my small mouth. Meanwhile his hand shot to my chest, he began pawing one of my C-cup tits, squeezing and groping it through my babydoll and bra.

The car lurched to a halt at a red light, and our faces broke off. I glanced at Brad, wondering how he'd react to seeing Tommy and me making out. Brad winked at me.

I was feeling in control and on fire. Playfully, I chirped, "You guys don't mind I'm married, right --you won't tell my husband about this, will you?"

Tommy laughed. "Are you really -- I thought we wore the ring just to keep guys away."

That made me laugh, I never would have thought of that. "Nooo -- see, my husband's dick is like this big--" I put up my fingers about four inches apart, maybe understating things just a bit. "And he's not at home tonight, so I thought, maybe I could go find something a bit more, uh, fun!"

Brad's hand, when he shifted the car into gear, slid up my leg towards my crotch, inside my mini-skirt. I wasn't expecting it so I let out a gasp, but I leaned back and moved my knees apart briefly anyway. His fingers fleetingly touched my crotch, finding my damp thong. But he needed to shift the car again because of traffic, and instantly when he pulled his hand out, Tommy replaced it. I leaned back into Tommy's arm, my head against the car window, as Tommy's entire hand was now over my thong, my knees spread open, the mini-skirt pulled up.

In the front seat of the car I was getting petted heavily, Tommy's big fingers were rubbing my clitoris and pussylips, stretching my soiled thong into my slit even. Then he yanked the thong to the side, exposing my freshly-shaved pussy, and he started expertly stroking my clitoris with fingertips. I was heaving and gasping, wanting to cum, pushing my pussy against his fingers. "Yeah, baby," I grunted, wanting more. He gave me more, Tommy's fat finger slid to my pussylips and pushed inside, one finger now fucking me while Brad drove to his house.

I made out with Tommy more, brushing my face against his stubbly chin, while his big finger filled my tight married pussy. It was a quick trip, it seemed, I was still headed for an orgasm that wasn't there yet, as Brad drove into a parking lot. The car engine stopped, and Tommy withdrew his finger from my pussy. Time to head inside and get the party started.

I'd never fucked two men at once, this was a fantasy come true for me. I couldn't believe it was happening! There was nothing that was going to stop me from fucking both men tonight, I was a thousand percent sure it was going to happen.

The walk to Brad's townhouse seemed to take forever, there were two turns from the parking lot, then we had to go through a gate, up a flight of steps, I was laughing at how far we went. That was due just my horny state of arousal, I'm sure. Finally, we were walking into the front door of his house. It was dark but smelled clean, a sharp odor like rubbing alcohol, almost like the cleaning crew had just been there. The lights didn't come on but the door shut loudly, and suddenly I was between the two hunks.

Tommy started kissing me again, groping at my tits, while Brad nestled behind me to rub the huge bulge in his crotch against my ass and lower back. I felt my mini-skirt raised, Tommy's hand began touching my exposed vagina once more while Brad was groping my asscheeks. My heads headed for their pants, trying to grope their pricks and find out what size of meat I'd picked for the evening. My babydoll was being yanked to the sides as was my bra, my tits were exposed, pulled out from the clothing rolled underneath them. My thong was already bunched to the side so my vagina was available for Tommy, and with my mini-skirt hiked up, my naked asscheeks were in Brad's palm too.

Brad started kissing me, his breath smelled more husky, his tongue was larger. Tommy bent over to suckle my nipples, his finger was now working into my vagina as I stood upright. I wanted to lay down, I wanted to get naked, I wanted both of them to be nude too. One hand found Brad's penis in his slacks, it felt meaty and powerful, throbbing hard. Tommy had stepped back so he could lick my tits, so now I had two free hands, I began unfastening Brad's belt buckle while I was moaning into Brad's mouth, sucking his tongue with my hungry married lips.

Tommy began opening his pants too, and Brad had to finish the job I started, so it just sort of happened that I wound up on my knees between the men, watching them both unzip their flies, push down their pants, and fish their dicks out of their underwear. 

Wow, I was staring at two very big, very hard cocks! Brad's was long, a solid tube with a big fat cockhead at the end. Tommy's was uncut, it was fat at the base with a more narrow, pointy head, the sheath of skin surrounding it but that yielded when I pulled it back. Both dicks were dripping precum, both were ready for me. Brad's was, I would guess, about six and a half inches, possibly seven; Tommy's was more like six inches, but it was way thicker than my husband's, and definitely a bit longer.

The men stepped up to my face. I hurriedly peeled off my thong, which was painfully tight as it had been pulled to one side. With my cunt dripping juices down my spread-open thighs, I remained on my knees with my asscheeks on my heels, reaching up to grab both dicks. Mmm, they smelled heavenly, so manly. Tommy's was first, I slurped the pointy head with my tongue, loving the flavor. Rolling my tongue around it I sucked it into my mouth a few inches, slurping on it, creating a vacuum, my fist pumping the fat base and pulling back his foreskin. Meanwhile my other hand was jerking off Brad's huge cock slowly, back and forth, feeling how hot and hard it was. The skin of Brad's penis burned against the palm of my hand.
