 My pussy stretched as Rob's thick cock penetrated deep within me. I arched my back wrapping my legs around his muscular torso and turned my head to see Cassie. Our eyes met and she smiled. I was still a little nervous about the whole situation but it was fading as I relished her boyfriend's wonderful cock sliding in and out of me. I kept my eyes locked on hers and pinched my nipples aggressively. This was her idea. 

Cassie and Rob have been together for about five years. I've known the both of them for a little over seven. I remember Cassie telling me how great Rob was in bed and how nice his cock was. At a little over eight inches and as thick as my wrist she didn't lie. The last year had been hard on them. Both working, finishing school, getting new jobs and the sudden death of Rob's Mother put a huge strain on their relationship. 

Cassie confided in me that Rob's sex drive was next to nothing but she wasn't about to break up with him or have an affair. She wanted to make him happy and get his sex drive going again. In our detailed discussions about sex Cassie had entertained the fantasy of watching Rob fuck another woman. She also wanted to have a threesome with another man or woman with Rob. None of this ever happened but that was about to change. Cassie was beautiful. She had the body of a dancer, average sized breast that were still full and the hips and legs most women would kill for. Her face was girlish and if it weren't for her body and personality she could pass for a teenager. Her reddish brown hair hung straight as an arrow half way down her back and when she had it braided to the sides she was the cutest thing in the world. 

In the weeks prior to Rob fucking me with his awesome cock Cassie and I had to prime the pump, so to speak. I was surprised when she brought the idea up and rejected her plan at first. I gave in after some consideration and knowing how much she wanted Rob to get back to his old self. She told me that Rob found me attractive and when she had mentioned a threesome with me he had no objections. We went to a sex shop and bought several porno videos, a few toys and a blindfold. Then we went to a store that primarily sold clothing for exotic dancers and purchased platform heels, and about ten different outfits and just as many bikinis. Cassie also ordered a subscription to Penthouse, not for the articles. 

When the first issue arrived she and I went to work teasing Rob. With the excuse that summer was here, we modeled the bikinis for him and made him take pictures. We posed lewdly together but kept it clean enough so that he wouldn't suspect anything. Cassie and I slipped a few of us changing as well to force the issue. Later that night Cassie sucked him off but he was still in his funk and went to bed early. For the next week Cassie wore next to nothing around the house and when I visited I followed suit wearing baby T-shirts and skimpy shorts or skirts. 

On the weekend she invited me to a BBQ. It was a hot day and we both wore our bikini tops and shorts. Rob and I sat on the deck sipping margaritas and talking when he mentioned the photos. I smiled and blushed when suddenly Cassie sprayed me with the hose. The force of the water had somehow unhooked the front clasp of my top. My breasts sprang free as Cassie continued to spray me. I scrambled behind Rob and held on to him pressing my bare breasts against his back. When Cassie stepped closer I snatched the hanging string of her top and pulled it off. Rob grabbed the hose and drenched the both of us until we ran back into the house. Despite the cold water Rob had a noticeable erection we were all horny and Cassie decided that it was time. 

After we had eaten I pretended to leave and snuck in through their bedroom door that led to the deck. Rob sat in his chair watching TV while Cassie tidied the kitchen. When she finished she told Rob she had a surprise and slid the blindfold over his eyes. She came into the bedroom and gave me the thumbs up and a slow soft kiss. We did a quick make up job and changed into our exotic outfits. Rob had a slight grin on his face that widened to a full on smile when he pulled the blindfold off to see Cassie and I dressed up in front of him. I had a white corset with matching stockings, garter and shoes. Cassie played on her cuteness with a tied oxford black lace bra and plaid skirt with white knee socks and black paten platform stilettos. Her hair was in pig tails tied with fuzzy white puffs. She hit the remote and Rob Zombie's songs to strip by filled the room. We danced for the first song and by the end of the second we were down to our G-strings and heels. We made an effort to touch each other often and kissed and licked each others breasts.

During the third song we undressed Rob caressing his chest face and wiggled our tits and satin covered pussies in his face. With the fourth song blaring we strolled to the couch where we had hidden the toys. We fed each others dildos to each other and pulled off our G-strings. While sucking on the rubber cocks we fingered our pussies, then each others with our legs high in the air. We waved a finger to Rob who was now mesmerized by the scene and he stumbled towards us his hard cock waving at us with the tiniest drop of precum oozing from the tip. Cassie sat up and took his cock in her mouth sinking it down her throat. Rob's head tossed back and he moaned loudly. I took my dildo and slowly worked it into Cassie's wet pussy. I wanted to taste Rob badly but let Cassie run the show. Her head bobbed up and down on him and then she released him. She motioned for me to lie back and she instructed Rob to his knees. She gave me a quick kiss and guided Rob's cockhead to my wet and waiting slit. I could tell Rob was nervous but his big cock said that he wanted to fuck me more than ever. Cassie looked up at him and said,

"It's OK baby, I want to watch you fuck Lora." 

She smiled and pushed on his ass sliding his monster shaft inside me. I gasped at the intrusion and welcomed the sensations as he stretched me open. Cassie kissed he way up Rob's chest sucking on his nipples while pinching mine and pushing Rob into me. She slid her way down pulling his cock from me and sucking it into her mouth tasting my juices from it then sliding him back inside. Cassie positioned herself above my face and lowered her dripping pussy to my hungry tongue. I lapped at her folds and clit and pulled her on to me shoving my tongue into her wet hole. Her pussy juice streamed freely down my throat and I knew she and Rob's eyes were locked together. I felt the tingling of my orgasm spread from my hips throughout my body then it hit me. 

My hips bucked and my pussy convulsed clenching Rob's cock within me. I felt my wetness flood out of me and I pulled Cassie's clit into my mouth. She fell towards Rob hanging on his shoulders as her own orgasm ripped through her. Her juices covered my face and dripped down my chin. I had been with women but never one who came with so much fluid. I drank it in swallowing her sweet ejaculate as if it were honey. Rob's cock was still thrusting inside me hitting my spot dead on. Without warning I came again. Cassie fell away from me and went back to sucking Rob's nipples. 

"Cum for us Baby." She cooed.

Rob sped his pace to jack hammer speed then arched his back pulling out of me and squirted thick ropes of cum all over my belly and tits. Some even managed to reach my face splashing on my cheek. Cassie quickly engulfed his pulsing cock draining him until he fell to his back on the carpet. I scooped a fingerfull of cum to my mouth and sucked it clean. Cassie drug her tongue through my folds and continued up my torso slurping Rob's seed from my body. When she reached my face her chin and lips were dripping with slimy cum. I raised my head and kissed tasting the cum in her open mouth. Then I licked the mess from her chin and lips. We spent the next several minutes cleaning each other and kissing. 

Cassie slid between my legs and began licking my pussy and clit, by this time Rob was ready to go again and fed his fat cock into my mouth. I sucked the head into my throat while fondling his balls and ass. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Cassie smile at the site of Rob's cock disappearing into my mouth. I felt Cassie's tongue slide across my asshole then the pressure of the tip of a dildo as she eased it into my tight ass. My ass stretched to receive it painfully but soon I pushed back loving the feel of it filling me. She stopped leaving the dildo buried in my ass and swung her legs over my chest handing me a dildo. I knew what she wanted and slid it deep into her pussy then eased it into her ass. She moaned loudly and pushed herself onto the rubber shaft. Rob watched in awe still thrusting his cock into my throat.

Cassie continued sucking my clit while slowly working the dildo in and out of my ass. Rob took the dildo from my hand and began shoving it in Cassie's ass I slid down moved Cassie into position and guided Rob's cock into her pussy. He slammed into her with both his cock and the dildo. I resumed sucking on her clit and she continued eating me and fucking my ass with the dildo. 

Rob's balls slapped against my forehead as he pounded Cassie, her hips bucked and she came dripping more of her juices onto my face. Her orgasm triggered Rob's and I watched as his balls constricted sending his load deep into her throbbing opening. He was still fucking her ass fast with the dildo when he pulled out and a mixture of their fluids poured from her gash into my waiting mouth. Cassie began thrusting the dick in my ass feverously. I lapped at her hungrily and as I grazed her clit she came again sending another flood dripping down on me. 

My face was masked with semen and vaginal fluid as I tried my best to taste all of it but there was too much. The excitement of their sweet mix and the thrashing my ass was getting triggered another orgasm within me and as I lay panting covered with cum Rob softly kissed me. Cassie also joined in and they both covered my face and chest with kisses cleaning most of the mess. 

I think Rob was going to be OK.