 I'm Melanie. I'm a 30 year old, married slut who cheats on her husband almost daily, if not even more often than that, because he can't come close to satisfying me and I can't possibly get enough cock anyway. This is another entry in my memoirs.

At the time I'm writing this, I've got about eight to ten guys who I count as "boyfriends" -- guys I fuck somewhat regularly. I decided to write down how I got here -- the doting, boring suburban housewife to the cheating, cock-loving little bitch that I know I am -- because I know how impressed many guys are with me. I've done some really, ridiculously naughty things. Really depraved, outrageous things. Two years ago, before all this started, I barely even had fantasies about some of the things I've done.

I can't get enough attention from hung, sexy men (and hot ladies too!). I want every reader of this to crave me, as much as I crave the men in my life. Don't you want me? My petite 125 pound frame, my long dark hair and slender, triangular face, my hot small ass, my gorgeous C-cup tits. I'm here for you, baby, are you man enough to please me, hmm?

So go on, grab your dick (or jam your fingers in your twat), read on and I hope you get off as hard as I have!

* * * *

(This was an unforgettable day almost exactly one month ago as of the time I'm writing this, early this past May. When I'd thought fucking three guys on the same day was the "best day ever," fuck was I wrong -- how about fucking FOUR MEN AT THE VERY SAME TIME?)

I'm a depraved, uncontrollable, probably even disturbed fucking little whore, I was admitting to myself, that's what I love to do most. I'm married but I didn't care. I loved having sex, especially with strangers, and I can never get enough cock. There seemed to be NO limit.

That's what I was thinking, finding myself on my knees, wearing nothing but my black Lycra workout shorts. My t-shirt and sports bra had been removed; I was kneeling there, on the rough-carpeted floor of a well-lit storage room, surrounded by FOUR hot, throbbing, smelly erections of some sweaty, studly guys. And I was going to suck and fuck all four of them, right then and there.

Was I thinking, this is a horrible idea? I'm married, I needed to get the fuck out of there? I had only met three of them that very day, not even an hour earlier? And I was going to let them stick their dicks in my mouth, cunt and hopefully asshole, squirt their semen into my womb and ass and tummy? I was really going to let them spread me open and use my holes like I was some kind of stupid fucktoy?

Yeah, and I couldn't wait, I had NEVER been that horny before, EVER!

That kind of event doesn't happen out of nowhere, most women -- married, single, whatever -- probably don't let themselves get taken into the back storage room of the local gym club to get stripped and fucked by four buddies working out together. Obviously, my two years of becoming more and more adventurous, from playing online, to the phone, to the iPhone's video, to in-person hook-ups and seductions, it had transformed me into this lover of sex. But even that, alone, probably wouldn't have gotten me to do what I did that afternoon in the gym's storage room.

I'd come to this gym just past lunchtime one afternoon, like I might have done any other day. Although, when I come to this particular gym, running on the treadmill wasn't always my highest priority. I keep my petite body and ass in great shape, eating well, and working out daily if I could. Way back when, I used to do the treadmill every day, but I like the variety of ways to work out at the gym. See, I have two gym memberships. One was the closer place, much larger, more friendly, always crowded. I'd been there the longest. But, I'd started fucking people there. Hector, the 20-something manager, he was tall and fit, always put a smile on my face, we did lunch and drinks a couple of times and ended up in his apartment naked and sweaty after the third time. I fuck him about once a month, or so, he's not the best but I don't mind feeling like a sex goddess when his body is rocking mine. I'd fucked one of the gym's customers too, a really ripped, muscular guy, but that was many weeks ago and hadn't seen him since. When I go to that gym, I feel like a piece of meat, everyone is looking at each other. If I'm horny, that's great. But if I really just want to work out, it's not so great, so I joined a second gym that was farther away, but not as crowded and where I just made myself work out without interacting with the locals.

That particular day this early May, I was fucking, insanely horny. It was a week after the unbridled threesome with the married real estate agent, Susan, and her equally married (but not to herself) fuck buddy Nick, the gorgeous wiry little stud who could fuck nonstop. The morning before heading to the gym, Nick texted me and we set a date for the next day, and just thinking that I was going to get Nick's wonderful cock into my bald, shaved vagina was already driving me nuts. Right after scheduling the date, I texted my fuck buddy Michael to tell him about it. Michael, the most craved pervert I'd ever met, of course was delighted to hear it. He said he wanted me to come over to his apartment right after my date with Nick ended, so that Michael could eat out Nick's cum from my vagina. That stoked my fires even more, and I called Michael even though he was at work. He didn't care, he hushed his voice and we practically had phone sex, talking about how horny I was to fuck Nick, and how badly I wanted Michael to stuff his tongue in my married twat and suck out my new boyfriend's sperm. Sitting at my desk at home, naked as usual, I was stuffing fingers in my sloppy, tight vagina, picturing myself having sex with Nick and then with Michael later in the day, if not immediately afterwards.

So that was my morning, and by lunchtime, just chatting online or looking for another phone sex partner wasn't going to satisfy me. And part of me was yearning to get laid by a stranger, to go out and find a hot guy I hadn't met before -- that so fucking turns me on, like nothing else.

Naturally, I headed to work out at "fuck gym," the big, close by one where I'd gotten laid before. Good choice.

As soon as I got in there, the manager there I'd fucked a few times before, Hector, spotted me and came over to say hi. He's always angling to find out when I'd permit him to slip his prick into my bald, shaved slit again. I like teasing him, I was arching my back and showing off my boobies in an ultra-tight t-shirt, and my nipples even poked through it even though I had my black sports bra underneath too. I knew I could take Hector home, or go to his place, but while he was fun he wasn't the hottest guy I'd fucked. Maybe I'd just tease him, I thought, just have some fun soaking his attention, while maybe I could find another guy to screw.

Standing around the free-weights area with Hector, wearing my tight Lycra workout shorts and super-tight t-shirt, my stiff nipples making bumps on my tits, I was attracting the attention of other men. A couple of them, buddies, showing off their muscles with the barbells and dumbbells. I pretended not to notice them, but their eyes on my tits and ass were making my even more horny. One was tall and ripped, blonde short hair, his loose tanktop showed the chiseled ripples on his chest and back. His buddy was a little more short and squat but had huge, strong upper arms. Both were around my age, both covered in tattoos, both had that smug attitude like they were gifts to women or something. I was trying not to stare at them, but couldn't help admire their tight butts, big shoulders, and the bulges in their shorts.

Like animals smelling meat, they wormed their way into my conversation with Hector. Standing near us, listening, jumping in. I was talking to Hector about beaches and stuff, good places to tan, good vacation places. Next thing you know, I'm this little, petite, 125-pound brunette standing amidst three hot guys. They were all checking me out, but being very polite. Hector was showing off, putting his hand on my shoulders or arm, rubbing his shoulder against me, being very "touchy," like he was signaling to these two hot studs that I was Hector's property, or something.

So, my pussy on fire, being the center of that male attention, I was flirting vigorously. Reaching out to touch the guys, you know, like playfully smacking them on the arm or something for being teased. Teasing back. Biting my lip, smiling at them, blushing. Pushing my tits forward, wiggling my body back and forth, showing off the shape of my hot petite package. I can't even remember what we were talking about, and it only happened two weeks ago. It didn't matter.

A fourth guy came over by then, older, but he knew Hector and the muscular stud. Terry, was the name of the older guy. The muscular, blonde guy was Johnny, his more bulky but still rugged friend was Victor, I was supposed to call him by his nickname "Gouch." Whatever. Terry, he had a mustache and hairy chest, he was in a sleeveless tank too, I could see the huge bulge in his shorts. His eyes were on my tits almost the entire time, even when he was talking to me. Perv. I was insanely horny.

A little show was developing. The subject of working out with the weights came up. I didn't join that conversation but kept standing there with them. Someone, I don't recall whom, said I should try some free weights. I begged off, no not my thing, but I had four men encouraging me to try, they were going to help me. "Not that you need it," someone said. Like a little girl, I let myself get led to a bench, where they had me lie on my back and do some lifts with just the dumbbell -- no weights on it -- over my head and to the sides. See, on my back, in my tight clothing, they could check out my crotch and body as I lay on my back on the bench. As I did the lifts, my back arched, my tits were even more pushed forward. I knew what they were doing, I was allowing myself to be shown off that way.

Then, of course, there were more exercises, kneeling in front of the bench on the floor, reaching over it to do the lifts. That pushed my hot ass backwards, and I had eight male eyeballs glued to the sight of my tight, small fanny, its curves visibly revealed by my skin-tight Lycra shorts. I stuck it out, I know they were all looking.

Not that we were the only five people in the gym, the place was fucking crowded. But no one was disturbing us. I'm positive a lot of people were watching us, probably thinking, what's that slut doing with those four guys. What a bitch she is, showing off her body in front of them. Most of the women there, they were probably mocking and scolding me under their breaths, but were jealous as shit. None had my great body, none were as pretty or hot as I was, none could have kept the attention of those four studs. The males in the place, probably wanted my attention on them, not these four jocks.

My wedding ring was getting slippery, my fingers were sweating. I made a comment about it, getting a rush at reminding Hector and telling the three other guys that I was, indeed, married. I was teasing them, showing off, flaunting that I could get their attention when I wasn't supposed to be doing it. My head was thinking, how hot would it be to get a date with one of these guys. Not Hector, he wasn't as sexy as any of the other three, and I'd fucked him before anyway. How about Johnny, he was the hottest. Gouch was pretty good. Even Terry, although older, looked like a ton of masculine fun in bed. All strangers. Man, I wanted to get laid by each of them.

I was thinking, how slutty would it look, asking for each of their numbers? How could I let them know, I was available to anyone who wanted me for a date -- as long as the date didn't involve clothing? I mean, in my horny state, thoroughly aroused, that's all I was thinking about. More hot sex with strangers, even better than the threesome with Susan and Nick.

So, pointing at my wedding ring, the hottest of them, Johnny, goes, "Man, if you were my wife, I don't know if I'd let you go to the gym looking as good as you do -- all sorts of animals like Gouch would be all over you." Animals, yes, that's what I thought they were, and so was I, I guess. Hector, knowing that I cheated on my husband because, at least, he'd gotten to fuck me, laughed and said something like, "Oh I don't know if you know the half of it," something like that. Hector was pressed for details, and while I smacked him with a laugh, he was a gentleman and said he was only kidding. But then he gave a wink or something to the other men, some kind of signal only guys know, and the horse was out of that barn.

All of a sudden, the guys were looking at me differently, eyeing me up with a hunger in their stares, I had three strangers realizing I was a hot bitch who loved cock.

And, of course, that made me even HOTTER!

We kept talking a while after that, maybe ten minutes or something, but things were different. The guys were all about me, asking about my life, what I did, what my pastimes were. I was coy, a coquette, teasing them mercilessly, not really directly answering them. I was feeling hunted, like a feeble female in the crosshairs of horny hunters; but I felt empowered too, alive, female, knowing I controlled all of them. I could walk away, leaving them hard and frustrated, or I could give them smiles they'd be wearing all day. I had that power, so yeah, who here was really the one in control? Makes me feel so fucking good, having that power over men. Stupid, horny, sexy men.

I was pretending to like using the dumbbells for toning exercises. I should get some, I commented without really meaning it, one of those things you just say. Hector said, I might have a pair in the back, I'll just give them to you -- someone left them here, he's storing them. If I come back to the storage room with him, he'd get them for me. Oh, this place has a storage room? Yeah, in the back, behind the whatever, around the whatever. Hmm, maybe I should get them. That's how the conversation went. I looked at all three other guys, blushing, wanting to be cute, but wanting to be sexy too.

Terry, the older guys, just goes, "You need our help getting them from the storage room? Could be tough, they might be heavy."

"Oh, I can work things heavier than me," I said to him, slutty, staring him in the eye and turning up a corner of my mouth, arching my back more to emphasize the tits on my narrow chest.

Terry was playing along. "Yeah, you like working six to eight inch long, stiff hard shafts, they give you a good workout?"

"Oh yeah, they do."

"Maybe we should come back to the storage room with you, and show you some more exercises with hard stiff shafts."

I couldn't believe he was saying it, nor could the four guys, but it was happening. I shrugged, wanting so desperate to be a slut, wanting to live a fantasy I'd had but never imagined would come true. I was going for it. Fuck that, right?

I spoke quietly and confidently, just loud enough so no one else could hear us, but with the tone of a whore who knew what she wanted. Hunting them. "Hmm, anyone else wanna come back to the storage room with us, and show me how to use a hard stiff shaft?"

Fuck, did I say that? Yup!

Two minutes later, I was entering the storage room from a quiet, interior access hallway, surrounded by the four men, all of us looking for a place to escape so they could enjoy me -- like animals.

As soon as Hector had the room opened and lights on, we scurried in, and he locked it from the inside. There was a workout bench, much like the one in the free-weight section, plus rows and rows of shelves, and cardboard boxes, and treadmills stacked on each other. Crowded, but large and roomy, there was plenty of space in the middle for a bunch of people to stand around, or you know, do whatever. Plus, the floor was carpeted; it was an industrial carpeting, not really comfortable, but better than cold tile.

There, I was used. I loved it.

The four descended around me, Hector standing back a bit, but the other three going for it. Someone kissed me, it was Terry, he of the mustache. Hands were pawing at my tits and ass through my clothing; my hands were groping two solid male shafts inside sweaty workout shorts. My mouth was being passed guy to guy, I was kissing three or four men, I couldn't really tell, I was so horny. I felt the hands clawing at my vagina through my shorts, making my slender hips undulate, rubbing against them, getting masturbated solidly. My tits were being explored by hands too, and my clothing was being pushed up, so my boobs were nude, manhandled by large, firm adult hands. I was about to have an orgasm in my clothing, just from the kissing and clutching.

Then I was being pushed to my knees, my t-shirt and bra ripped off, leaving me topless, finding myself on my knees surrounded by four handsome, sweaty, hunky men. And their cocks. Shorts were pushed down; four large, throbbing, smelly, meaty boners were pointing at me, just for me, so hard for me. So hard for the married slut on the floor.

"Ooh yeah," I slurred, examining those four pricks, holding two of them while staring at the others, "my husband doesn't have anything like these gorgeous dicks!"

Suddenly, one was shoved in my mouth. I whimpered, taking it, letting my mouth get used. Hands were in my long hair, gripping my ponytail, using it to move my skull around. I stroked two cocks, sucked one, had a fourth rubbing against the side of my face. Those hands yanked my head back, another prick was fed to my mouth, I started slurping on it while jerking off the one I'd just left wet and slimy with my saliva. Around and around my mouth was passed, sucking those huge cocks. I looked up at the guys, they were now nude, all so horny for me, shoving their hips into my face, offering me their cocks and balls. All four men were so different and yet so sexy; here I was, a married slut, making each of them so hard. I loved the attention. All I could smell was COCK; nasty, musky, naked cock. I felt those throbbing peckers rubbing against my petite face, against my neck; I was getting them, one after another, shoved into my mouth, into the back of my throat, some cockheads even entering my throat a little time to time.

They were getting so aroused, the guys were jerking themselves off if I wasn't sucking them. Three guys jerking, one guy fucking my mouth, the men alternating who got to mouth-fuck me. I was out of control, moaning and slurping, loving it, making sexy sounds as I devoured those pricks one after the other. I looked up at them, letting them know I loved it, sucking those beautiful pricks time after time.

But I wasn't there to just suck them and get my face covered in cum. Laughing, sitting back on my heels, I looked up at them and moaned, "Can I convince anyone to fuck a married pussy?"

Well, instantly the four nude men went to work, removing my shorts and thong, lifting my little body onto the bench -- then, realizing it was too small to serve as a bed, putting me on my back on the floor. There I was, spread open, naked, exposing my entire body to three men I'd never met before, plus a fourth guy I didn't like all that much. Pulling my knees back, seeing the oldest guy, Terry with the mustache, moving on top of me, I cried out, "Come take my married cunt, baby, I need cock so bad!"

He was almost drooling, his handsome, stern face above my body, moving his seven-inch erection to my gaping open, sloppy-wet vagina. "I got what you want, babydoll," he coarsely laughed at me, "don't tell your husband how good you good fucked, okay?"

What confidence, what bravado. I loved it!

I gripped Terry's sexy, athletic ass, pulling the 40-something year old towards me underneath him, making his cock touch my vagina. I grunted, he grunted, and now we were fucking. I was getting laid by a complete stranger from the gym!
