 Note to the reader:

As with all of my stories, Melissa is a real person. I wrote this at her request and for her fantasy. If you like her story, please post a comment. Thank you.

--

Melissa slid her middle finger into her cunt and it felt good. She was wet. She touched her clit and flinched from the sensation of it. It had been awhile since she had been with a man and she was really horny. Melissa thought about the dildo she had in her bedside draw.

"Another night of fucking myself with a rubber cock?" she asked herself. The thought just did not appeal to her.

Melissa wanted to go out tonight, but her friend Steph was busy and she didn't want to go out alone. But then again, she didn't want to stay home either. She was really horny and wanted sex tonight-- real sex and a lot of it.

"Fuck it," she said out loud to herself. "Let's get dressed, go out and just see what happens."

Melissa works at the local university in the English department. She is not exactly what you would call a wild woman that fucks around, but on this night she was so horny she could barely breathe or concentrate. And on this night she was determined to do something about it.

At 5' 7", and 135 pounds, Melissa was attractive. With measurements of 34-24-34, she could usually attract the attention on men when she wanted to. So on this particular night she hatched a plan to make sure she got noticed. Melissa went to her closet and pick out some nice 4-inch heels, black ones with a silver stiletto. It always starts with the shoes. Then she put on black knit stockings that went up above her knees and around her thighs. Next she put on purple, silk panties and then slid into a tight, very short, black pencil skirt. Her top was sheer and backless, slung low between her breasts, almost to her belly button. She did not wear a bra. So if she turned just the right way, or bent over a little, the boys in the club might glimpse the side of her breast or her nipple. With her dark red hair and blue eyes, Melissa was striking, beautiful and sexy. She hoped a man might notice her tonight. She needed some attention. She was honest with herself and was deliberately dressing to look easy so as to get the attention of men.

Mel picked a club that was not too far from her flat. When she walked in, she heard the music and felt the thump from it in her chest. But she also noticed that a few men turned her way to check her out. They looked down at her feet and then back up her long, sexy legs. One of them smiled at her and she smiled back.

Melissa was a little relieved. "That didn't take long," she thought to herself.

As she walked to the bar, she squeezed though a group of people and felt a hand grab her ass. She did not even turn to look back and see who did it. She just smiled and bathed in the attention. The bar was kind of dark, but she noticed several male eyes on her. One in particular was a black haired man that looked to be about 30. He would not stop staring at her. She made eye contact with him just for a moment and smiled. Then she looked away.

Melissa sat at the bar, drinking a glass of wine and enjoying the music. It was loud, but she liked it. She was mostly interested in watching the place to see which men were watching her. The black haired man she was looking at walked over to her, stood next to her at the bar but never spoke. He ordered a pint of Stella and waited for his drink. He stood close enough to lean against her, slyly glancing now and again to see down her shirt and straining to see her nipples. Melissa felt his stare and it turned her on. She could feel her nipples getting hard, as if to show off for him. After a couple of minutes with his beer, he put his hand on her leg, just to test her reaction. His touch excited Melissa and all she did was cross her legs. He took this as permission, moved closer to her, and put his arm around her waist. But the two of them never spoke.

Then Melissa did something in a dark bar that she had never done before. She reached over and put her hand on his pants, just on top of his cock. She could tell that he had a slight erection. He looked down at her, smiled, and then looked away, leaving her hand there. 

After standing there for a couple of songs, the man looked down at her and said, "Excuse me. I need to go to the toilet."

He walked toward the back of the bar and down the hall. This man excited Melissa. She was turned on and had been very horny all day. She wondered at all of the possibilities. But she did not want him to leave. As he walked in the door to the bathroom, she stood up and followed him. She didn't think about it, she just did it. She felt like a tart, following a man into a bathroom, but she wanted to. She wanted to see his cock and this was a great time to do it. 

When she walked in the bathroom she was suddenly behind him and he turned around. He was just about unzip his pants. Melissa took his hand and led him into one of the stalls. She got down on her knees in front of him, this man she had never met and did not even know his name, and then looked at his pants. She unbuttoned him, unzipped him, and pulled his pants down a little. There in her face was this stranger's cock. He was halfway hard and growing fast. She looked up at him with her blue eyes and smiled. She searched his face for a reaction, looking for approval. He just looked down at her and smiled back. 

Then Melissa opened her lips and took his penis in her mouth. As she knelt on the cold bathroom floor, she began to suck his dick. He quickly grew hard in her hot, wet mouth. His dick pressed against her tongue and the back of her throat. She bobbed her head up and down along his shaft. The man put his hands on her head and grabbed two handfuls of her red hair. As she knelt down and began to suck this man's dick, Mel got incredibly turned on. She pushed her nose down as far as she could. She was interested to see that he had completely shaven his cock and balls. There was no hair, just smooth skin. She lifted up his balls with her hands and moved her lips up and down his shaft. The stranger's hard dick tasted good in her mouth. She slurped and spit built up. He looked down at her on her knees before him. She looked up and smiled at him with her eyes, but never stopped giving him his blowjob.

The stranger finally spoke to Melissa, "That's it. Suck my dick. Suck it hard. You are a horny little tart aren't you?"

His voice and his words made Melissa's pussy wet. She could feel it tingle between her legs. She quickened her pace, and continued to look up at him, keeping eye contact. He looked down and marveled at her red lips wrapped around his cock. He felt his orgasm growing.

"Don't stop. I want to cum in your mouth. Would you like that?" he asked.

Mel moved down to lick his balls. "Yes please. I would love you to cum in mouth," she responded. 

She went back up and put his cock in her mouth. This time she was determined to get him off. She had teased him enough, but she was so turned on and she was ready to taste his cum. She stroked him and sucked on him hard in a steady rhythm, giving this strange man a quick and sleazy blowjob. His body began to shake. His breathing quickened and he forced her head down farther until she was almost chocking. Almost. But she loved it. His balls raised up in her hand, his cock swelled in her mouth. She began to taste his hot cum. First a little, then a little more, then he let out a moan as his dick jerked in spasms, and he shot his load into her waiting mouth and throat. Melissa sucked and swallowed as much of his cum as she could. His cum ran down her chin, but just a little. Most if it she was able to keep. Spunk ran down her throat. Then another load hit her mouth. Then another. The stranger's orgasm lasted for what seemed like forever. More cum poured from her mouth, down her chin and spilled onto her chest. As his orgasm slowed down, she heard the door to the bathroom open, but she never stopped sucking dick. Melissa stayed on her knees, licking this man's cock and making sure he was clean. She did not want to miss any cum. She could hear the other man pissing, and she thought he heard her slurping. The other man finished and left. Melissa wiped her chin and stood up on the stall. 

She looked up at the stranger and said, "Thank you. I needed that." He just looked at her and smiled. He was speechless and could not believe his dumb luck.

Melissa walked back out of the bathroom to return to her stool. When she sat down, she crossed her legs. The stool was kind of high and she could see two different men try to look up her skirt. 

"Let them look," she thought to herself. "Perhaps it will help them screw up enough courage to come over and talk to me."

By this time, Melissa was absolutely horny. She could feel the moisture between her legs. He pussy lips were warm and wet as she sat on the barstool. She sat at the bar, enjoying her drink. She watched the mirror behind the bar, looking for men that were looking at her. She got many glances and stares from men around the room. They made eye contact with her. One was a distinguished gentleman sitting alone at the end of the bar. The most obvious feature about him was that he was completely bald. His head was shaven. He looked at her and smiled, but appeared content to just watch her.

Melissa was studying the bald man when she was suddenly surprised by a man who sat down beside her and blocked her view.

"Hi there," he said. "What's your name?"

The man was tall, with dark hair. His had stubble on his face.

"Melissa," she replied. Just being friendly.

"Mel, eh," he said, acting a little confident, taking it upon himself to talk to her as if he had known her for years. 

Melissa, Mel, did not correct him. She decided to just go with it. 

"That right," she said, feeling a little naughty, almost like she had an alter ego.

"So, what are you doing out tonight," he asked.

"Just having a drink, and seeing who I might meet," she said, sipping on her drink.

"My name's Patrick," he said, extending his hand. "Now you have met someone."

"Hello Patrick," she said, taking his hand.

It was strong, and firm and warm. Her light skin disappeared in his large, dark hand.

Patrick leaned over, still holding Mel's hand, and whispered in her ear, "I know you have already met someone else tonight".

Mel was not really sure what he meant, but her stomach got a little nervous at Patrick's statement. "What do you mean? Who have I met?"

Patrick continued to hold her hand firmly and she could feel his hot brief on her neck. "I went to the bathroom earlier. I could see you down on your knees. It sounded to me like you were giving someone a great blowjob. That was you, wasn't it?"

The question embarrassed her but she could not deny what she had done. She decided to be bold. She pulled Patrick close to her and whispered in his ear. "Yes, that was me on my knees sucking a dick in the men's room. And it turned me on."

She could smell Patrick as he whispered back to her, "that's fucking hot. Did he make you cum?"

She found Patrick to be attractive and decided to play along, "No, but it made my pussy very wet."

Patrick smiled to her as he leaned over and said, "Are you horny? Would you like to cum right now?"

Mel decided to be honest with herself and with Patrick, "yes. I would love someone to fuck me right now and make me cum. Why, are you offering?"

Patrick, looked at her with wide eyes, "Right now?" he asked.

"Right now," she said with a straight face.

Without ever letting go of Mel's hand, Patrick led her outside to the parking lot. It was dark, and no one was around. They walked deep into the parking lot, between some cars. When he found what he believed to be a private enough spot, he spun her around quickly so that she was facing away from him and pressed her up against a car. He threw her skirt up, around her waste. He quickly pulled her purple panties to the side and dropped his pants to his knees. His cock was already hard and throbbing. He pushed the head of his already stiff dick against her pussy lips. Mel's wet cunt split wide open and easily took him inside. His cock was thick, and her pussy stretched her lips around him. She loved the tightness and pushed her hips back into him. Patrick did not waste any time. He grabbed her hips and began to fuck her furiously, right there between two cars. Her breath and fingerprints left marks on the window of the car. Her cheek pressed against the glass as she looked back at Patrick as he gave her cunt a hard fucking. Mel was so wet and turned on from sucking cock in the bathroom and needed to get off. She felt like she would go out of her mind if she did not cum soon.

"You are a horny bitch aren't you? You like that cock, Mel?" he asked.

"Oh yes! Fuck me harder. Harder," Mel begged.

Mel bent over as his cock pumped in and out of her dripping wet cunt. Her silk purple panties rested to the side on her ass check. He hadn't even bothered to take them off of her. She felt like a dirty whore, but she was so horny and needed a dick between her thighs. She just needed to get fucked. Patrick reached around and pinched Mel's nipples. His pants were down around his knees and his balls swung free in the night air. Their bodies slammed together, both of them trying to force his dick as deep into her as possible.

"I am cumming," Mel cried out. 

Her cunt squeezed on his shaft as it slid back and forth. Patrick grabbed her hips and continued his deep strokes into her willing fuck hole. He tilted his head back and leaned into her, beginning to feel his orgasm. Mel could feel him as his cum shot into her and filled up her pussy. She pushed back into him, trying to accommodate his thick cock. He continued to drive home this seed, and he pushed as hard as he could with every thrust. His cum poured out of Mel's cunt, and dripped down onto the ground and spilling onto his trousers. He forced his hard, hot cock up into her and held it there.

"Don't move," she said. "That feels soooooo good. It is so sensitive."

Patrick didn't. He just stood there with his hips against hers. His cock continued to flinch and twitch inside of her. They stayed connected, holding the position, trying their best to keep their orgasms going.

When Patrick was finally done fucking Mel in the parking lot, he pulled his now half-limp dick out of her cum-filled pussy. He returned her panties to where they belong, and reached down to pull up his pants. Mel straightened up and pulled her skirt down. She could feel Patrick's cum beginning to run out of her.

They turned and walked arm-in-arm back into the bar. He escorted the Mel back to her seat at the bar, kissed her on the cheek, and returned to his group of friends.

Mel was flushed and still breathing a little heavy. Her pussy was swollen but she felt so good from the fucking she had just received. 

Melissa took a sip of her wine and tried to catch her breath. She felt a little hot and flushed. She looked around to see if anyone had noticed her. Then she looked down the bar again at the bald man. He just continued to sit there, staring at her and smiling. But he never moved. He looked to be in his mid 40s. He was drinking what appeared to be a whiskey or scotch. He had a distinguished look about him, like a lawyer or a banker, but certainly a strong man of power and success. She was attracted to him as a schoolgirl might be infatuated with her college professor.

After a few minutes of the two of them looking at each other, the bald man stood up and gathered his things. She was afraid he might leave. But then he walked down the bar and joined her.

"Are you having fun tonight," he asked.

"Nothing special," Mel responded.

"I wouldn't say that. I have been watching you closely and you look like you are making new friends," he said.

Melissa looked into his eyes. They were a deep blue. He had an intense stare about him in a way that made her a little weak to him.

"I was just about to leave," he said. "Would you like to join me?"

Mel thought about it for a moment, or pretended to. She desperately wanted to go with him and see where this might lead. But she didn't want to seem easy either. Which was strange because he apparently already knew about the other two men she had been with earlier.

"Yes Sir," she replied. 

Mel surprised herself by the formal respect she showed to him. But he turned her on in that way. She hoped he would use her tonight.

Like a gentleman, he took her hand and helped her up from her chair. As she walked, Mel felt like a lady, until she noticed a little cum run out of her. She walked with him slowly, as his companion, out to his car. He opened the door to his Jaguar and helped her inside. When she swung her legs around to get in, he could see up her skirt. In the flash of light from a passing car, he could plainly see a wet stain in her purple panties. 

After he got in and started the car he said, "I am so sorry, I have not introduced myself. My name is Jay."

"Hello Jay. I am Mel." Melissa intentionally adopted the name of her alter ego, hoping it would give her courage with this older man. She was not sure where he was taking her, but her heart was racing and she as excited to find out. They said nothing on the drive, just looked at each other. With each glance, their anticipation, and the sexual tension between them began to build. 

Jay had seen Mel when she first walked in the club. He thought she was stunning and sexy. He had watched her every move the entire night. Although he did not actually see her sucking a stranger's dick, or fucking Patrick in the parking lot, he had a pretty good idea what she had been up to.

They soon pulled into Jay's flat, not far from the Pub. He again opened the door for her and led her by the hand upstairs from his garage. As they walked in the door, she took the lead and led him, heading in the direction of Jay's bedroom. When they got there, she stood in front of him, close enough for their bodies to touch. Even in high heels, he was taller than her and she had to look up at him.

Melissa locked eyes with Jay and began to undress. She removed her shirt easily, and then pulled her skirt down. She took off her cum stained purple panties, but left on her stockings and high heels. She climbed on the bed and looked up at him with a wanton look, parting her thighs slightly. Jay took his clothes off as well. He as about 6' 2", and in good shape. His cock was long and hung with a slight angle to the left.

As Melissa lay on her back in his bed, Jay knelt between her legs. He then moved up to straddle her and kneel above her tits. Jay hung his big dick in her face. She flicked it with her tongue and licked his hanging balls. As she sucked on him, he became rigid in her hot mouth. Mel's tongue licked up and down his shaft, leaving her spit glistening on his now erect cock. Jay final pulled his cock out of her loving mouth and moved back down to kneel between her legs. He looked down between her thighs. Just above Mel's pussy lips was a strip of dark red pubic hair that matched the hair on her head. Her white skin and long legs looked sexy. He grabbed her by her ankles and spread her legs. As her pussy lips opened a bit with her legs, he could see she was very wet. But then he saw something else, a little bit of liquid ran out of her, down her ass crack and onto the bed. He could tell that Melissa had recently been fucked.

"Have you fucked someone already tonight?" Jay asked, already knowing the answer.

"Yes Sir," the little tramp answered, a little shy and embarrassed. 

Jay shook his head in disapproval. "You naughty girl. Well then, I guess I am going to have use your pussy as well. This should be fun." Jay responded.

Melissa was worried that he would not want her because she had already been fucked bay another man not an hour ago. She was very horny and wanting him, wanting him to fuck her and use her tonight. So she was relieved when he said this. Jay moved closer to her cunt and put the head of his large, hard dick, right at her pussy lips. He slid into her sloppy cunt easily. Her pussy was hot and wet and slippery. She squeezed down hard on him. 
