 Friday seemed to drag all day. I was excited to go out with Nick and Josh. Plus I had been studying pretty hard and I needed a night out. After classes were over I had an early dinner. Studying was no use, my mind was on the night ahead. So I took a long hot bath. I grabbed some of my roommate's oil beads and thru them in the water. I shaved, and then afterwards rubbed myself down with body lotion. I did my make up then my hair. I was wearing only a chartreuse green thong standing in front on my closet trying to decide what to wear when Amy came in. 

"Wow you look good enough to eat. What's the occasion?" She asked.

"Going out with Nick and Josh."

"You're so hot it will take both of them to cool you off."

She came over to help find something to wear. Several times her arm brushed my nipple, at first I thought it was just an accident, but then it happened a couple more times. I think she was just testing the waters, to see how I would react, to see how she would react after our talk the other day. We had looked through my closet several times without finding anything satisfactory, when she went to her closet. She seemed to looking for something.

"Ah yes here it is." She said as she pulled out a black dress. A black mini dress. She held it up to me, her fingers brushing my nipple again. 

"You'll knock 'em dead in this." And it was a mini dress. Shorter than anything I've ever owned. 

"Try it on." She said handing it to me. That's when I noticed the zipper was on the front. I looked at her. She just smiled. I slipped it on, pulled the little shoulder straps up. Amy stepped up to me and slowly zippered the dress up. She then ran her hands down my sides and over my hips, pushing out any wrinkles. Her touch started to excite me. She stepped back.

"Wow you are hot in that. Here come look." She grabbed my hand and pulled me into the bathroom. Seeing myself in the mirror I had to admit I looked hot. Amy was behind me looking over my shoulder, her hands resting on my hips. She turned my slightly to the right, then to the left.

"The dress seems to be a perfect fit for you." She said. Her hands came up and cupped my breasts. Slightly she shook them, I guess to make sure they were sitting in the dress properly.

"This fits you even better than it does me." Her hands remained on my breasts, she started to rub them slightly.

"Amy I gotta get going. You keep touching me and I'll have to jump you right here and now." I broke away, went back into the bedroom. 

"And that's a bad thing?" she asked. 

"No not really. But I promised the boys I'd go out with them, and I'm so looking forward to it. Some other time for sure...ok?"

"Yeah ok. Go get 'em."

I slipped on a pair of black high heels. As I was leaving I kissed Amy on the cheek.

"Thanks Amy. I look great, I feel great. Thanks for letting me borrow the dress."

"Try to bring it back in one piece. But if not then have a great time." As I walked out the door she slapped me on the ass.

Nick opened the door to his room almost before I was done knocking. 

'Whoa look at you. You're hottie." He said giving me the once over, then he leaned into me and our lips met. Both of his hands found my ass, squeezing me lightly. I pushed him away.

"Ok are we ready to go? I don't want to be sitting around here long." I said. 

"I'll be ready in a sec." Josh yelled from the bedroom.

"I'm ready to go." Said Nick.

Nick and I made some small talk while we waited for Josh. Nick's eyes were all over me. Josh came out a couple of minutes later. He whistled.

"Everyone is going to be jealous of us tonight, with such hot piece of ass."

"Well thanks, lets go."

The dance club was just beginning to come alive when we got there. Josh got us some drinks and we watched the 2 or 3 couples dancing. It was just the girls dancing at this point. I tried to drag both guys out but they were a little shy. So I joined one of the girl couples and we danced. I did my little boogie and the other two girls danced with me. I could feel Nick and Josh staring at the three of us. After a couple of songs we were bumping our hips together. Us three girls were having a great time. At one point I danced right up to one girl, I got my leg in between hers, we started to grind are pussies on the others legs. She ran her hands up and down my sides. Then I turned around and pushed my ass back into her. She went along with it, pushed right back. I saw the guys, by the look on their faces they couldn't believe what was going on. More people were dancing now so I grabbed both guys and pulled them out to join us girls. The five of us then started to bump and grind. At one point I got right up on Nick, grinding my pussy on his leg. I pulled my dress up so it was just my chartreuse green thong rubbing on his leg. When he saw that he smiled, then grabbed my tit.

About 11:30 the two girls left. We decided to take a break, as I had been out there for almost two hours. We grabbed some drinks and found a table to sit at. After watching the crowd for a bit Nick suggested we go somewhere else. I agreed since it was getting really crowded in here now, not a lot of room to dance.

We got in Josh's car and he drove. I never asked where we were going, just figured another dance club. He parked and we walked less than a block to the place. We were at the door and I looked up. "The Doll House" was the name of the place. A strip club.

"No way guys, this is a strip club. I ain't going in." I protested.

"We're going in, so you can wait in the car if you want. We'll be out in a couple of hours" Said Josh.

'Come on, you'll have fun. I saw how you were all over that girl in the dance club. If you don't like it we'll leave in a little while." Nick said. I relented and went in. I didn't want to sit in a cold car in a dark parking lot for a couple of hours. I headed for a table towards the back of the place, but Josh grabbed my arm and directed me one in the second row. We were right up close to the stage, where a bleached blonde with huge tits and nipples at least an inch long was dancing. She wore nothing but a g-string. The stage was littered with money. After the song was over she picked up her discarded clothes and the money. She made sure to bend over in front of the guys to make sure they got a good view of her crotch. Then she left and the Dj introduced the next stripper, Skylar. Skylar was a petite blonde with smallish boobs, but the guys cheered for her. The music started and she started dancing slow. Actually it was more like she slithered. She had a weird dance style. The guys didn't mind and they started to throw their money on the stage as she started to peel off her clothes. Suddenly the first stripped was at our table.

"Hey guys just get here? Did you see much of my show?" She asked. She was dress in a sheer black gown, tied in front, with her matching bra and panties clearly visible. 

"Yeah we got here in time to see your last song." Josh said. 

"I'm Destiny, and I hope you stick around to see my next show in a little while." Then she sat down on Nick's lap, her arm around his neck. "Did you like what you saw on my show?"

"The guys certainly enjoyed seeing almost all of you, except for that little patch of material." I spoke for the guys, since they both seemed lost for words right then.

"Did you like what you saw?" She asked me.

"You are a beautiful woman. And your nipples are huge." 

"Oh you like these?" She quickly pulled on her gown's tie, opened it then pulled a tit from her bra. The nipple was flat, so she immediately began to rub it. With in seconds it was erect, pushing out at least an inch.

"Th ..th..those are awesome." Stuttered Josh.

"Yeah everyone likes them." She said, putting her tit back, and then closing the gown.

"You're a good looking girl. You wanna try dancing tonight?" Destiny asked me.

"What me strip? I don't think so."

"You can make a ton of money. On a good night I clear over a thousand dollars." 

"Wow." I think all three of us said that at once.

"Whats your name?"

"Melissa."

"Well Melissa think about it. I'll be back after my next show." Destiny kissed Nick and Josh then me before she got up and moved to another table.

Skylar was still on stage. She did this sexy crawl from one side of the stage to the other, her perky little tits hanging down, with a sexy look in her eyes. Then the guys got on my case, kept after me to strip. They brought the fact I had stripped for their little party, then fucked everyone. And here no one would touch me. Plus I could make some serious money. Then waitress brought over a round of shots, but we hadn't ordered any. She explained that they were from Destiny. Destiny was at the bar watching us, we raised our shots to her then slammed them down. The guys kept badgering me about it all through the next several girls, and I kept saying no, but inside I was really considering it. 

Then the DJ announced Destiny was coming up. I saw her move to the DJ booth, then talk to him. Then he spoke into the microphone again.

"Apparently there is someone here tonight considering dancing here for the first time. Is Melissa in the house? Come on Melissa the stage is yours if you want!"

I could feel the blood rush to my face as both Nick and Josh hollered. They stood up, clapping and cheering. Destiny pointed at me, then flexed her finger as if saying come here. The guys at the tables surrounding us started to hoot and holler also. Nick and Josh were trying to pull me up, but I fought them. Destiny came over, grabbed my hand and suddenly I was up. I was being pulled towards the stage. At the Dj's booth he asked what music I wanted. I said just something I can dance too. I looked at Destiny.

"Don't worry honey you'll be fine. Just dance sexily. And use that zipper on the front of your dress. They will love it." She said before pushing me up the stairs to the stage. And then I was on the stage. I could hear the guys cheering, but the lights kind of blinded me, I couldn't see anyone too well. 

"Here she is people for her first time ever here at the Doll House. A doll herself, Melissa!" Then the music started. For a couple of seconds I just stood there, trying to comprehend what was happening. Then I slowly started dancing. Nothing too exciting at first, after that I started to really dance. I was shaking my butt. I saw some bills land on the stage and that got me really excited. I pulled my dress up a little, then bent over like I saw the other girls, so the guys could see my thong-covered crotch. Slowly I pulled the zipper down to my belly, then pulled it open a bit, but not enough to show any nipple. Squatting down in front of Nick and Josh I spread my legs wide so they got a good view on my crotch. Then I reach in my dress and played with my tit. This was a good move as more bills fell on the stage around me. Standing up I pulled the left strap of my dress down, exposing my left tit. Dancing around the stage like this before I pulled the right strap down, then pulled the dress down so it was folded over at my waist. 

I was really getting into it now. With my hands over my head I twirled all the way down the stage to the pole, where I proceeded to grind my pussy onto it. There was a lot of hollering for that. I kicked off my shoes then pulled the dress all the way off, bending over to give everyone a clear view of my crotch. Dancing up and down the stage a couple of time before I dropped to my hands and knees, and did a slow sexy crawl over to where Nick and Josh sat, stealing Skylar's move. Standing up I pushed my thong down a bit, and got more cheers. So I pulled it all the way off and kicked it aside. The cheers where really loud then, I was having such a good time. I started to dance back down to the far end of the stage.

Suddenly someone grabbed me. Forcefully I was pulled towards the other end of the stage. I was pulled off the stage then pushed into a back room. It was some huge guy I hadn't notice before. 

"You gotta keep your pussy covered. Its against the law to strip totally naked. Stay here until we get your things." He pushed me into a chair. A couple of other girls in the far corner were snickering. Now I felt embarrassed. I tried to cover up by putting my hands on my lap, but nothing hid the fact I was butt naked.

After what seemed like forever Destiny came in with my clothes and a handful of money.

"Get dressed. You did great out there. Look this money is yours." I grabbed the dress and quickly pulled it on. 

"There must be 50 bucks here." I said. 

"Probably more." Destiny replied. "You got to keep at least a g-string on. That's the law, they would shut us down if they knew anyone got naked in here."

"You were having a good time there. What do you think of becoming a regular?" She continued.

"I don't know, I'd have to think about it. So whats your interest in me?"

"I'm like a talent scout for this place. We always need fresh faces in here and I seem to be able to find them. So what do you think, give it a try?"

I told her I'd think about it. We exchanged numbers and I left the back room. As I walked into the main room the DJ spoke.

"Here's Melissa. Let's give her a big hand for her first ever dance here at the Doll House." All the guys cheered. I found Nick and Josh and pulled them up.

"Let go." I said and we quickly left.

"Why did we have to leave?" Josh asked.

"Cause I'm hot." I replied as we reached the car. Josh got in on the drivers side, I got in on the other side and slide over to him, then Nick got in next to me.

"We would have gotten you a drink to cool off." Josh said.

"No you don't understand, I'm hot, I'm ready to go, so lets go." As I spoke I reached down and rubbed his cock through his pants. Then I leaned over and kissed him. Then I turned towards Nick and repeated this process. The car still hadn't started so I looked at Josh.

"Well let's go. Why are we waiting?" He quickly started the car and we peeled out of the parking lot. I turned back towards Nick and we kissed, our tongues met. His hand found my thigh and moved quickly upwards. When his fingers found my pussy he broke off our kiss and looked down. 

"That's right, no panties." I said. Josh suddenly looked down and realized what was happening. He almost drove off the road. Nick and I kissed again, his finger pushing into my pussy. I spread my legs as wide as I could to allow him access. Then I felt Josh's hand on my thigh. He rubbed it up and down. 

Josh got us back in record time, and we practically ran to their room. As soon as we were in both guys were on me. Josh on my right, Nick on my left. We stood there, I kissed one, then the other. Their hands were all over me. On my tits, on my ass. Someone pulled the zipper down, then the dress was off. I dropped my thong and the cash that I was holding this whole time. They led me over to a bed and pushed me down on it. I lay back with my legs spread inviting the guys to fuck me. I was so hot from the entire evening. Nick was still kissing me, trying to get his shirt unbuttoned and then off. Josh stripped, then got between my legs, slid his cock on my pussy a couple of times before pushing it in. 

"Oh yeah fuck me good." I moaned. Nick stood up and finished stripping. Then he came back to the side of the bed. Grabbing his cock I stoked it a few times, then pulled him towards me. I licked it up and down several times before sucking it into my mouth. Josh was slamming into me hard. His right hand was mashing my left tit, he wasn't gentle at all. But it didn't matter. He was kissing and licking my cheek and neck, only inches away from Josh and his cock sliding in and out of my mouth. I was surprised as I thought guys didn't want to go anywhere near another guys cock. But I didn't care as I was being fucked good. 

It wasn't going to take much to push me over the edge, as I could feel my orgasm beginning build. I was still sucking Nick, playing with his balls with my hand. But I couldn't concentrate on Nick as my orgasm got nearer. I let him go, then reached down with both hands, grabbing Josh's ass to pull him in deeper. I spread my legs as far as I could, Josh kept pounding me. As my orgasm hit his cock got as deep as it could. My whole body shook, my pussy squeezed his cock. My orgasm raged on as Josh continued to pound into me. It was subsiding when another wave hit me. My backed arched, and I dug my nails into his ass, pulling him in even deeper. He moaned as my nails dug deeper, as he thrust into me deeper. As it subsided I released my grip on his ass, I totally relaxed back into the bed.

"Hey give me a shot before you dirty up her pussy with your jizz." Nick said. Josh stopped fucking me, and pulled out. My juices were flowing out of my pussy, down my ass crack.

"Alright but she's a wild one tonight. Did she leave any marks on my butt?" He got up and turned around. Clearly on his ass were several red marks on either side where I had dug into him.

"She left marks!" Nick said.

"Well then be careful." 

"Melissa, get on you knees. I want you doggy style." Ordered Nick. I was still trying to catch my breath, so I looked at him. He had moved down towards the other end of the bed. Totally naked with his cock fully erect, stroking it with one had. 

"Come on move it now!" He said. Slowly I began to move. Up on my hands and knees. Josh sat down at the head of the bed, his back against the wall. I moved forward so his cock was right in my face. I could smell the sex on him, my own juices on him. I felt Nick climb on the bed, then he was up against me. His cock was on my ass as he reached under me. His fingers found my pussy, then his cock was at the entrance, and in on quick thrust he was deep into me. I dropped to my elbows so I could work on Josh. I licked up one side of his fully erect cock then the other side. I swirled my tongue around his head, cleaning off all my juices. Nick was methodically pounding into me, his hands on my hips, pulling me back every time he thrust forward. I sucked Josh's cock into my mouth. I was able to get my hands up to his cock, taking his balls and massaging them, squeezing them. Josh hips were now moving up and down, fucking my mouth. 

He put his hands on my head, to help guide me up and down on his cock I was getting fucked on both ends and loving it. It wasn't long before Josh began to swell. His grip on my head became tighter, his hips thrust higher. He grunted then exploded, his hot cum hitting the back of my throat. I squeezed his balls as the next spurt hit my throat. Several more squirts and then he was done, but I didn't release his cock. I kept sucking it, draining it of all its cum. Nick was beginning to thrust faster, erratic. Then he came in me with one great thrust. His hot cum spraying deeply in my pussy. After several more thrusts he pulled out. I rolled over on my side, releasing Nick's cock. My head rested on Josh's thigh, his now limp cock right in my face. A little of his cum had escaped my mouth, and was now dripping onto his thigh. I fell fast asleep.