 I began writing this story for a friend of mine from here. I got part way through the story and she told me she loved it and that I have to upload it. It will get great reviews, she said. Well, I don't know about that. If it seems outrageous, that's because it was. If it seems unbelievable, well, I'm not sure how to answer that. If it seems too slick, that's because it's hard to remember details, so one embellishes to make it read better. But, well, enjoy "Melissa's Birthday Surprise."

*****

Well, firstly, let me say that this was my masterstroke. Nothing I've done since has come close in terms of planning and crazy outcomes. People love to say I am obsessive-compulsive. I just prefer to say well-organised. I have to also say, it took me a while to decide I would do something to cater to Melissa's desire for a gangbang. I wasn't really sure I could pull it off. I lived at the time in a tiny town about 4 hours from Melbourne and it's hard to do much in a tiny community without people knowing. But then I decided to go for it. I was a blow-in anyway.

So, I met Melissa, almost by accident, when I was in Sydney, away from home, for a couple of weeks for work. We hit it off straight away, even though I was twice her age (and a bit). The whole thing was very full-on for a few years. I think being away from each other most of the time is what kept it fresh. When we were in the same city at the same time, it was crazy. We'd not leave the hotel room for days.

It was during these get-togethers that she started talking about group sex. I took it with a grain of salt first, perhaps because I might've been a bit jealous to see her fucking other dudes, perhaps because I didn't really think someone so young would really have such an insatiable desire for that sort of thing.

She was, in my eyes, fucking gorgeous. Petite, maybe only 5'1", but curvy enough and with a nice round bum and tits somewhere between C and D maybe. And she kind of had me in a spell, and I just wanted to please her. So, yeah, I finally relented and decided that I would get her down to my place and organise the thing. That way, if she wanted out, my house was a safe haven to retreat to.

Her 20th birthday was the perfect excuse. Nobody in her family would really care if she disappeared for a few days for her birthday; she was prone to that sort of thing anyway.

The easiest bit, really, was finding the venue. The wee town I lived in had a posh yacht club. Now, during the winter months the club is deserted for 4 or 5 months of the year - not because the weather is terrible, but because the rich people who frequented the club and lived at the north end of town just went away for the winter each year. The place literally sits idle for that time.

I had met a guy who was the caretaker of the club and I essentially rented the place for a night through him. I wasn't really interested in the deserted clubrooms, but the enormous (like enormous), brightly-lit, white-tiled shower/change room downstairs.

The hard bit, I would have thought, would be finding the guys. In a small country town you don't want to get too much whisper going. And obviously I wasn't going to ask any of my friends. The trick was finding people that I could trust that were into it. Now, being into ganging and being trustworthy might not always be the most common of bedfellows.

I thought I would aim for 3 guys (besides me) and be lucky to get two. I didn't want to go really out there and advertise online or anything. And I also didn't want a huge, intimidating crowd.

I finally got lucky, with a week and a half to spare, when I was working in another office, 90 miles away, and was out getting my lunch. Fuck knows how the conversation with a guy who I knew through an acquaintance of an acquaintance turned that way down the shops, but I had suddenly recruited the requisite 3 guys. I arranged for a get-together a couple of nights later at a pub halfway between our towns.

So, when that came, 5 guys arrived. All good. We went through the rules, the location, etc and it was on for a week and a bit later.

The last thing was the outfit. I wanted it feminine and innocent, but sexy. I went to the city and bought a printed dress, white base with big printed blue flowers all over it, nice figure-hugging bodice top half, flared, flouncy, big-pleated sort of A-line bottom half to just above the knees. I bought matching tiny white lacy knickers and matching bra and white thigh-high, stay-up stockings. Of course, white stilettos. Honestly, it's escapades like this that drove me to the parlous financial state I find myself in these days, I'm sure!

I took the day off and picked Melissa up from the airport early on the Friday. She'd come in on the earliest flight from Sydney. We drove back the 4 hours to my place and it was all chatty and normal. When we got to my place, it was just for a relaxing afternoon, lunch by the lakes, all normal. Of course, there was sex.

She slept in really late on Saturday after such a long day, the day before. Later in the afternoon I told her we were doing something special that night and showed her the outfit I'd bought for her. She tried to get some hints, but I played it down.

When the time came, we jumped in the car and drove in the night to the deserted yacht club. She kept giving me quizzical looks as I beamed with joy and a little trepidation. We got to the club and, rather than going up to the classy clubrooms upstairs, we went around to the waterfront side of the building and I unlocked the door with the borrowed key. I stopped her before we went in and pulled out a tea towel (it was all I could find) and blindfolded her.

We went into the change/shower room. It was lit up so brightly I squinted at first, coming in from the dark. I looked at my girl - she looked so gorgeous in that pretty dress, stockings and stilettos, her mousey-blonde hair swept back in a ponytail tied with a ribbon.

As per the plan, there were my five new best mates, standing in a row, wearing black Speedos. Man, I still can't believe this plan came together so well. One of the guys had promised to bring a platform. I still don't know what the fuck he had built it for, but there it was in the middle of the room. A steel-framed bench with a heavily-padded, black vinyl-covered top, like a bench but higher, about thigh-high, and maybe 3 or 4 feet across. Honestly, no idea what its primary purpose was.

Anyway...

I guided Melissa towards the line-up. Placing one hand on her hip, I walked behind her, guiding her. As we approached the line-up, the guys totally silent, I took her forearm with my hand and extended it out at the right level and walked her past the line-up.

As her fingers brushed over the first Speedo-clad cock, she squealed softly. As she brushed past the second and third and onwards, she got really excited. She begged to be able to take off the blindfold and I untied it for her, throwing it aside. The sight of the guys made her clasp her hands together and squeal again, this time louder. She turned and threw her arms around me, kissing me over and over on the face and thanking me.

"Happy Birthday" I said, unbuttoning my shirt. By the time I was down to my Speedos, she was over, stroking cocks on the remarkably well-behaved guys.

As I say, by the time I turned around, she was into it. The outfit I chose was having the desired effect on me. I like the idea of someone who seems innocent actually being a slut, and I had chosen the outfit accordingly for her.

She was on her tip-toes when I turned around, deeply tongue-kissing one of the guys. He was pulling her close for a deep tonguing by holding the back of her head. His other hand was on her flower-print arse, squeezing it tight.

Melissa had her hand down the front of his Speedos already and I could see her hand massaging his cock underneath the lycra. She had a second guy's cock in her other hand, but outside the Speedos at this point.

For some reason, I hadn't imagined kissing, but fuck it turned me on. Especially given how hard they were going at it. I decided to stand back and just stroke my cock for a while, as I watched.

A third guy came in behind Melissa and kissed her on the neck. He slid his hands down her sides, down over her hips and down to the hemline of her dress. Then he slid both hands more towards the front of her thighs and up under the dress. I could see that he was working his hands hard under the dress.

The other guys moved in and she started sharing around, stroking each of their cocks through the fabric of their Speedos. Man, I was having trouble keeping my cock in my Speedos as I stroked it, watching my girl get all nasty. She shared around the tongue-kissing as well.

After a while, she had a couple of the cocks out of their Speedos and had a hand wrapped around each. I felt now might be my time to join in.

I walked over to the group, took Melissa's hand and led her to the middle of the room. A yoga mat appeared out of nowhere and I knelt her down on it. Then I encouraged the guys to form a circle.

Looking up at me, she smiled as I shuffled in closer. She reached up, curled her fingers in under the waistband of my Speedos and pulled them down. My cock sprung from its confines and Melissa wrapped a hand around it. Drawing it to her mouth, she stopped momentarily when her attention was caught by all the other guys dropping their Speedos and their cocks all being exposed, pointing towards her. She laughed and was still chuckling as her mouth engulfed my cock.

Slowly my cock slid deeper into her mouth as her hand came up and cupped under my ball-sack and her fingers slid between my thighs. There was that cock-sucking slut that I loved!

Meanwhile, the other guys were starting to get heated up as well. Cocks came at her from all directions. She slid mine from her mouth and turned to her right, to engulf a nice large slug that had been pushing against her cheek. She worked that one for a while before feeling another cock on her head. She slid the cock from her mouth then tipped her head right back.

Taking a hold of the cock now draped over her face, the slid it into her mouth. The downward curve in it helped it to slide into her throat and she wriggled slightly to work it down, the guy's pendulous balls draped across her nose.

Other cocks slid easily into her hands and other hands started fondling her tits through her dress - mine included. My little slut was the absolute centre of attention.

Soon she was doing that cock-to-cock thing that you see in gangbang porn - three or four long plunges on each cock before moving to the next - super-hot to watch, keeps everyone's cock hard and everyone gets a turn, but not hugely satisfying, waiting for five other cocks to be sucked before it's your turn again. But, hey, it was her birthday and she was having a fucking ball. And she had a mouthful of saliva, so every cock was getting nice and wet for the coming spectacular.

And to be fair, she did offer me a little more attention, really working my cock when it found its way to the back of her throat, cupping my balls, rubbing her fingers up and under, towards my arse. And meanwhile, she had shifted her other hand up under her dress and was starting to work her cunt.

So, really, I was enjoying the whole thing. The cock-sucking, the ball-teasing, the cute slut in the pretty party dress. But in a while I thought it was perhaps time to relieve Melissa of her duties to her pussy.

I took her wrist from under my balls and helped her from her knees, a cock sliding from her mouth as she got up.

The guys took a step back as the gorgeous creature stood before them. Turning her around, I stood behind her, my cock poking at the folds of her dress. I took the top of the zipper between her shoulder blades and slowly drew it down. The tight bodice part of her dress gaped open (it was tighter than I had thought) and revealed her perfect, tanned and shapely back. I pushed the straps from her shoulders and pulled the top of the dress off of her, revealing her perfect tits, entrapped in the white, lacy bra, to the assembled throng of guys. She wriggled out of the dress and it fell to the ground.

I bent down and picked up the dress, folded it carefully and placed it on one of the chairs along the wall. I turned to see the gorgeous body, in tiny white bra and panties and white stay-up stockings. For an extended moment, the five guys and I stood there in awe of her perfect young body. I was as mesmerised as they were, despite having seen Melissa in this state of undress many times before.

Breaking the silence, I took her hand and led her to the odd, padded table. I helped her up onto the table, her bum just inside the edge and her legs draped over the side. I dropped to my knees between her thighs and spread them wide.

The sweet scent of her young pussy filled my nostrils as I pushed aside the tiny bit of fabric encasing it and slid my tongue along the moist slit of her cunt.

As I plunged my tongue deep into her vagina, exploring the flesh, tasting her moisture, delving deeply then withdrawing to lick along her lips to her clitoris and down to her bumhole, Melissa sat back, propped up on her elbows, watching me with amusement. 

And then, with a moan, she dropped back, laying flat on the table. My five new besties moved in and soon there was a fat cock sliding into her mouth. Two more guys pulled her bra down over her perfect tits, exposing their smooth, tanned skin, and began sucking on them, one either side, as she took hold of their rigid cock.

And what cocks! Some of these guys put me to shame - they were hung! She pumped their cocks as they slobbered over her young tits, getting more excited as they went. The two guys left over stood, eagerly pumping their own cocks and waiting their turn.

Melissa's pussy tasted divine and I was no longer really paying attention as the other guys took turns in fucking her throat. My focus was on that gorgeous young cunt, getting my tongue as deeply into it as I could while massaging her tight little bumhole with my fingers.

By this stage the other guys seem to have developed a rotation system, as every time I looked up, my tongue in Melissa's pussy and two fingers pushed into her tight arse, there were different guys doing different things. Melissa was loving it, which was the main thing. When there wasn't a cock buried in her throat, there was an ear-to-ear grin on her face.

I must admit that at this stage I had also forgotten any of the guys' names or who they were. I remembered that there were three tradies, one guy who I had not much idea about and, surprisingly, a GP. But who was who, I couldn't remember as I concentrated with enthusiasm on my particular business.

And business was good. It wasn't hard to bring my horny little minx to orgasm and after I had been working her cunt for such a long time, it was creamy, wet and hot. Melissa writhed and wriggled under my tongue, her moaning audible despite being muffled by a progression of cocks. I decided it was time to fuck her. Well, my cock decided.

I stood up to the sight of Melissa with two fat cocks in her mouth and her hands wrapped around two more. Her tits were glistening with saliva, one guy attached like a limpet to one. The visible nipple, compact and contrasting with her tanned breast, was happily erect. She had great nipples - smallish areolae but they stuck out a good centimetre when on full-arousal.

I pulled her panties to one side and swiped my cock-head along the outside of her vagina, pushing harder with each swipe until it slid inside the folds of her cunt. Once the head had popped inside, I pushed a little deeper. I loved how her horny little pussy was so tight yet so well-lubricated. It was always like this, she was always horny. I slid further, slowly pushing the length of my shaft into her until it was completely buried in her and I could feel my ball sack against her buttocks.

Slowly I withdrew my penis again, until just the head was inside her and then, slowly again, I slid it to full depth. One of the many things that Melissa was good at was gripping a cock tight with her pussy and as I started a routine of sliding in and out of her cunt, I felt that glorious squeeze and release as she worked my cock well, even when distracted by cocks in her mouth.

Gradually my thrusting became faster. With each thrust I slid as deep into her as I could go, her pussy working hard on my cock, until I was slamming, hard and fast, into her. I guessed that I wouldn't last a marathon. The anticipation of the day and the excitement of the evening so far had build up a crescendo in my balls that was dying to be released. But equally I knew that it wouldn't take me too long to get back on the wagon after cumming. The spectacle would see to that.

Still, a little distraction in the form of other activities kept me going for a while. Melissa was now slightly propped up on her elbows with her head tipped right back as the first guy climbed up on the fuck-table, knelt before her and slid his fat slug past her lips and down her throat. Bravely, she opened wide to allow the huge cock to slide down her throat. I watched her throat expand as the thing slid down it and then back out again. And then back in. The guy was slowly throat-fucking her, his pendulous balls sliding over face each time his shaft slid down her.

He slid in and out of her throat for a while, then handed over to the next guy, who repeated the exercise for about five minutes. Then the third guy did the same. I get fucking away, pounding Melissa's pussy as she swallowed cock after cock.

Eventually, one of the guys had to relent, and it was guy number four. After throat-fucking her for a while, he announced that he was going to cum. Melissa slid his cock from her mouth and sucked on the head. From my vantage point I could see his member pulse as Melissa sucked hard on the cock-head. I could see that she was milking him and when she finally released his cock, a ribbon of cum ran from his cock to Melissa's lips, broke and dropped across her cheek. But no Porn Pros style messy facial for my girl, no. She opened her mouth slightly, enough for me to see the huge puddle of semen inside, pushed the ribbon of cum from her cheek to her mouth, sucked it from the end of her finger and swallowed. Champion.

But for me, that was a tipping point. Seeing Melissa swallow a bucketload of cum sent me over the edge. I felt that familiar tingle in my cock and knew I was going to cum. At the brink I pulled my cock, with some difficulty, from her hungry cunt and blew my load.

I've read the phrase "ropes of cum" many times and it was never more apt. My daylong aching balls produced a hydrant, the first stream landing with a splash in a white slash straight up her stomach to just below her tits. The second and third almost as far. The fourth and fifth to her navel and the rest flowed out like lava onto her pushed-aside knickers.

I had not noticed my own moaning at first, until the involuntary one that left my mouth when I wiped my wet cock-head across her inner thigh.

"Oh my Darling," Melissa said, beckoning me, "come here."

I left my position between her thighs and walked around the table to her. She slid two fingers along the slashes of white semen on her torso and brought a dripping mess to her mouth. Then she pulled me in and kissed me deeply, my own tongue wrestling with hers, slippery with cum. She released me and kissed me tenderly on the lips.

As I backed away, holding her hand, it slipped from mine. Our fingertips held on for a second and then her hand dropped from mine. I took a seat to the side and sat down. Melissa blew me a kiss and prepared for the next wave.

It didn't take long. The next guy moved in, smearing his cock with lubricant from the supply box. He was tall and muscular with a cock that put mine to shame.
