 This story is in tribute to zaaz who invented Melora.  It is all my own work though.....

There was a knock at the door. Doc who had had a busy night with Melora woke up from his doze and rather stiffly walked over and answered it.

It was Jake.

“Huh,” he said disparagingly,” I suppose you think Melora will win the gangbang competition against Messalina tonight?”

Doc did not particularly like Jake. This was saying something for Doc was slow to anger and rarely took a dislike to anyone.

“I’d bet on it!” said Doc.

A smile spread across Jake’s face. “Are you willing to put your money where your mouth is?” he asked.

“A thousand.” said Doc. He could hardly afford it but there was something about Jake that made him rise to the bait. In fact the idea of winning money from Melora’s activity would have rankled him in a saner moment.

“Make it ten thousand!” said Jake disparagingly.

Doc knew he shouldn’t have done it but he couldn’t help himself. “O.K.” he said. “You’re on!”

Jake smiled and they shook hands.

“Oh and by the way. The club committee asked me to tell you that they have changed the time of the competition. They decided to start it earlier. It will start at 4:00 this afternoon instead of midnight as originally planned!”

With this information Jake said good morning and left.

Doc looked at his watch. It was already 10:00 AM. That meant that there was only six hours left to the competition. His aching bones made him remember last night. If Melissa felt anything like he did then she needed all the rest she could get! What time did they get to sleep after all that magnificent sex? Doc couldn’t quite remember. He did hear the clock in the hallway chime three times before he made his way down to the lounge room to collapse in the easy chair in a pool of sweat. He had not wanted to disturb Melora with his snoring. He knew that she would have a hard night ahead of her. In fact he was disturbed that she had tempted him into last night’s session. She had come home from work even randier than usual, and when Melora wanted sex it was very hard to deny her. Melora as usual was insatiable and Doc, as usual was more than happy to try and satisfy her need. 

“Amazing woman” thought Doc to himself as he wandered slowly into the kitchen to make a cup of coffee. Recently she had decided that one way to get more men was to take up employment at the local brothel, and so she had become a working girl. She definitely worked harder than any other girl there, and would have done it for free if such a move would not have upset the other ladies. Yesterday when she came home after the day shift at about 8 PM she had told Doc that she had been busier than usual.

“I’ve had 10 customers today,” she had said. “Each one made me want more! Now I have come home I need you!!!” And she had proved it. Doc gave till he could give no more.

Doc drank the coffee slowly. Messalina would have been resting of course. She had been building herself up for over a month now. Her training schedule had been carefully organised by Jake. He had been using his machine on her to build up her stamina, exercising her amazing pussy for hours at a time, but now, close to the event he was letting her desires build by enforcing a period of celibacy. Messalina had not had sex for a week and was sooo randy that there was no knowing what would happen when she was finally offered an inexhaustible number of rampant dicks. Perhaps he had been very foolish to have taken on that bet, and even sillier to have worn out Melora the night before the contest.

Doc was so tired he couldn’t worry for long. He sat back in the chair and found his eyelids closing lulled to sleep by the silent morning made more peaceful by the quiet sound of something squeaking upstairs….

Something squeaking upstairs?! Doc did a double take. The noise was coming from Melora’s bedroom. He could only guess what was happening.

He raced upstairs and opened Melora’s door.

The first thing he notices was three of the biggest blacks he had ever seen. He noticed their physique first. Ebony skin was taut around huge muscles. All three of them had to be over six foot six, and looking down between their legs Doc saw that everything was in perfect proportion. They were gazing at the bed.

Doc followed their gaze to where the bed was moving up and down under the weight of three more of their friends. Doc assumed that somewhere under the pile was Melora. He knew he had guessed right when a female voice yelled:

“For God’s sake…. Deeper! I want more! I want it harder!”

“Shut up and suck me bitch!” was the response from the guy at the top of the bed, busy feeding his huge member into the squirming mass. Another guy who was humping Melora and who was so big that he covered her small body completely started to move even faster, plunging into her with such abandon that Doc thought that the bed would collapse.

The guy who was on top of Melora humped with even greater enthusiasm as he approached climax. “By God Bitch” he grunted. “By the time you’ve been fucked by me you will find it hard to walk, let alone fuck!” Doc could almost believe it as the huge black’s member was almost the size of his forearm. Melora didn’t answer. She was trying to see how far down her throat she could stuff the second monster that was invading her. She seemed to have the talents of a sword swallower. Meanwhile the third guy was using his fingers to open up her anus preparing to invade her third hole and make her air tight.

“Melora!” shouted Doc. “What are you doing??”

As soon as he said it he realised it was a stupid question, and how Melora was going to answer it with her mouth stuffed to the brim made the question even sillier. Doc waited patiently. He knew from experience that none of the three would be fucking her all that much longer. Melora had a way of using her internal muscles that no man could resist. In less than a minute the guy in her mouth had released his load, which Melora could not help but swallow whole. The guy fingering her ass realising that the man at the door meant business flung his dick in her ass with a force increased by his sense of panic. 

But he lasted no more than two minutes. Both guys fell back on the bed and watched as the third guy was trying to give her the fuck of her life. 

You had to admit that he had more than average stamina. He flung himself into the task, now abetted by the cheering of all the others, who disappointed a little at their own performance, were sublimating in the success of their companion.

“Yes, bitch!” said one. “You’ve finally met your match!”

Even Doc was dumbfounded. He looked on in awe as the guy pistoned into her with unbelievable force for over ten minutes, never letting up for a second. He didn’t want to interrupt such a performance. 

On an on it went, not so much sex as an athletic competition. The neck muscles in the huge black were knotted as he tried as hard as he could to exhaust Melora. 

“I’ve seen Jake fuck seven girls to exhaustion,” said a companion to Doc. “And I reckon he could have still taken on another!”

Suddenly he saw Melora’s eyes roll back inside there sockets. She started the whimper that Doc knew signalled and oncoming orgasm. But the huge black did not stop. The noise which started in the back of Melora’s throat and became louder and louder seemed to inspire him to greater efforts. Doc had never seen (or heard) Melora cum like this!

Soon she was screaming and moaning, writhing in ecstatic agony. Doc could not imagine that someone cumming like this and surviving. Every nerve in her body seemed to be stretched beyond measure.

On and on it went. The clock ticked on.. Twenty minutes …. Thirty…. And still there seemed no indication of either party tiring. 

Doc had no idea how to stop it! The orgasm was so intense and sustained that he was worried that some emotional or physical damage might be incurred if he pulled the two apart. That appeared to be the only way of interrupting the intense contact!

Eventually the huge black screamed at the top of his voice and Doc imagined the semen flowing from him sucked into Melora’s accommodating cunt. She was still thrashing around on the bed in a sexual frenzy, as with every muscle in her body was trying to stop the inevitable shrinkage that would follow Jake’s orgasm. With a sucking noise it flopped out of Melora’s body. Melora lay there whimpering, her huge hole an erotic site. You could see it expanding and contracting as her orgasm continued. Eventually it subsided and she lay there comatose.

“I’d say that was a draw,” commented one of the guys who had watched in awe the whole spectacle.

“Yeah,” said Jake looking at Melora. “That was incredible! I don’t think I will be fit for another fuck for a week. Looks like I’ve worn you out at last though bitch!”

Melora dreamily opened one eye, and a sly smile spread across her face. She looked up and saw the crowd of naked men around her. Jake may have been exhausted but the spectacle had obviously aroused the interest of the onlookers. Seeing all those rampant cocks, Melora started to lick her lips…

“More,” she whispered. “More, more…. I want much more!”

Doc took advantage of the lull in the proceedings. “Ohh no you don’t.” He said. “Sorry guys,” he said to the surrounding crew, “but you’re out of here. Melora’s got a gang bang contest on tonight in about four hours, and she needs all the rest she can get.”

“Oh no Doc,” moaned Melora. “Don’t make me stop now, just as I was starting to enjoy myself!”

“Sorry Melora, but tonight is important!” He didn’t think he ought to expand on just exactly why it was important to him. “Come on guys out of here! You can come tonight. Save yourselves for then!” 

Doc was secretly hoping that the big black would find Messalina rather than Melora an appropriate partner if he came to the contest tonight. There was a lot riding on it!

Sheepishly the guys slowly filed out of the room and Doc went back downstairs. He was still feeling pretty exhausted and it wasn’t long before he found himself dozing off. He woke up long enough to set the alarm for 3:30. He hoped that Melora would make the most of the next four hours to rest. 

The alarm went off, and Doc woke with a start. He went upstairs to wake Melora. Four hours wasn’t long to get one’s breath back after so much sex but Doc knew that once she was faced with a line up of guys, it would not be long before Melora forgot her tiredness and started to work her audience.

He walked in to Melora’s bed room. 

“Come on sweetheart,” he said. “I know your still probably beat but we have a big day ahead of us.. Are you up to it?”

But Melora was not asleep. She was busy with her vibrator, working her hot sloppy cunt with a motion that bordered on frenzy.

“I’m cooooommiingg.” She moaned.

And sure enough she was once again in the depth of an intense orgasm.

Doc saw his bet going down the drain. He mentally shrugged. What could a guy do? Melora was in no state to fuck any one, let alone win a gang bang competition!

“God Melora, you look as if you have not rested at all….” As if to prove the point the battery on the vibrator gave up and Melora disgusted through the implement into a corner.

“Did you remember that you had a gangbang competition on now Melora! For goodness sake get yourself cleaned up. You are starting in a half an hour!

“Gang bang competition? Gosh yes! I must admit I had almost forgotten.” The anticipation of more male meat had sparked Melora up, and she quickly made her way to the shower to get cleaned up. 

Five minutes later she was standing there in her little black dress (and nothing else) looking as if she had spent the last day in a health resort. The dress buttoned from the rather low neckline to the very high hemline, and Melora undid the top two and bottom two buttons.

“We are going in the sports car aren’t we?” she asked. “I hope the top is down. I feel that I would love to give a few car drivers a bit of a thrill!”

Doc did not say anything. He was used to this. Melora only wore totally revealing clothes. In fact he reasoned that this must have been the first time in over 24 hours where she actually had any clothes on at all!

There could have been a few accidents on the way to the club, but fortunately there were none. There was a near miss when a large truck passed Melora and the driver looked down inside the sports car. What got to him was not so much that Melora was fingering herself at the time, but that when she saw she had the truck driver’s attention, she took the finger out of her pussy and sucked it deep inside her luscious lips. If it had not been for Doc’s quick reaction the truck would have veered into the open Ferrari.

It was only fifteen minutes later and the car had pulled up into the car park of the club.

“That’s funny. No one seems to have arrived yet. Don’t tell me we are the first here”

It wasn’t long before they had their answer. Standing at the door were twelve of the biggest bouncers either of them had ever seen. Any one of them looked as if he could do a lot of damage; together they were impenetrable.

“Going somewhere sweetheart?” one of them said to Melora.

Doc looked at Melora. She didn’t seem afraid. Doc would not have blamed her if she did. His heart was in his mouth to start with.

“Maybe.” She answered. Doc couldn’t believe it. He could see the spark of lust starting to build in Melora’s eyes.

The next guy, even larger than the first lounged against the entrance door to the club and drawled: “We hear that you are the gang bang girl for tonight!”

“Reckon I could be. Do reckon I like sex,” And with that she pulled her neckline aside and exposed her luscious tit. Doc noticed that she had not applied body makeup and there were several bruises where her tits had been sucked too hard in previous encounters.

The guys’ eyes popped open. They had expected some sort of resistance.

“Look I’d like to help you out guys… You look as if you could fuck me in the way I’m accustomed. But I have another engagement!”

“Oh no you don’t.” said the huge bull. The gang bang doesn’t start until midnight.”

A suspicion that had been in the Doc’s mind suddenly increased. He felt that some dirty bastard had been spreading misinformation. It was not an accident that there were a group of guys standing at the entrance to the club right at the time Melora had been told to arrive.

“Ohh God”said Melora. “You guys mean to rape me!”

“Nah!” smiled the largest of them wickedly. “Nah, slut! We just intend to give you a little practice before the contest starts!”

“Ohh no!” whimpered Melora, “My soft juicy cunt couldn’t stand it!”

Doc had known Melora long enough to realise that this was making Melora’s pussy a good deal softer and much juicier than it had been a few minutes before. Even while she was saying it her hand was fiddling with the button just at her pussy level as if her subconscious wanted to make it as easy as possible for the twelve guys to gain entrance.

They were definitely huge. Much bigger even than the guys that he had interrupted earlier in the day. Doc realised that Jake must have quite a few contacts!

The largest and the leader said. “Come on bitch… get into that van!” He pointed at a large campervan that was parked in one corner of the car park.

Melora was sweating. Not so much with fear, Doc would have bet, but with lust. Though it made her act that much more realistic.

“You’ll have to make me guys!”

“For Christ sake Melora! Don’t egg them on! Can’t you see where in enough trouble?”

“I’m never in enough trouble Doc.” Melora whispered back. “By the time I’m finished with these guys they will want to slam me to China.”

On of the guys grabbed Melora by the hand. She quickly whipped it up to her mouth and took a large hunk out of it with her teeth.

“By God Bitch!” he screamed, and he hit Melora hard enough across the face to cause her lip to bleed.

“Ohh” said Melora. It could have been a sigh of pain, but Doc realised that it was another orgasm coming on.

Doc was brushed aside by group who manhandled her struggling for all she was worth into the van. Her struggles only helped to increase the arousal of the group who by this time were all telling her what they were going to do to her. And that, of course was exactly Melora’s intention.

“You fuck slut. My cock is so big that when I fuck your cunt you will not need to felate anyone! It will be coming out your slut mouth.”

“I think we had better see if more than one of us can fit into her at the same time.”

“Shit you bitch. When my cock has finished with you we will see if you are sloppy enough to take my fist!”

Dock did not hear any more the group had manhandled her into the van by this time and the door was slammed in Doc’s face. 

He must get help at once. He turned round and was face to face with Jake with yet another two guys. .

“I don’t think that Melora needs any help Doc”said Jake. “Looks like she can take care of herself.” 

That appeared to be true. The van was shaking like there was an earthquake! There were groans and great deal of noise coming from it as well. Suddenly above all the noise Doc could hear Melora’s voice.

“Come on you pussy! You can fuck me harder than that. God take me you wimp!”

He shook his head in disbelief!

“Well we could tie you up. Or perhaps you and I should just have a drink while Melora enjoys herself.” said Jake with a smile.

“You bastard!” said Doc. 

“No I’m not! I am only giving your candidate a little warm up practice before the main event!”

“You’re fucking killing her!” Complained Doc.

“Don’t give me that dear fellow. If Melora wants to stop, then all she has to do is say so. I have given strict instructions to my men to stop at any time they are asked to do so.” Jake nonchalantly wandered over to the campervan and opened the back door. Inside was Melora, hungrily grabbing at one of five cocks that were being offered to her greedy mouth. She was sandwiched between another two cocks, one in her pussy and one in her ass. She was squirming and bucking as if desperately trying to increase the friction of the cocks plunging inside her.

“More you bastards!” she was screaming. “Fuck me harder” and then she lost concentration trying to cram more cock down her throat and all that came from her was moans and gurgles as another orgasm started to envelope her.

Jake closed the door. “Come on,” he said. “I’ll shout you a drink. I think after the night is over, I will be easily able to afford it!”

Doc wondered what his options were. It looked as if he had been well and truly tricked. If he went in and stopped the orgy now he would have a demoralised Melora on his hands and that probably wasn’t the right mental attitude for her to have for later that night. In fact the more he thought about it, perhaps things were going to turn out alright after all. He had never seen Melora satisfied. Sex only made her want more. The more she had the wilder she became. She was the original insatiable nymphomaniac. He walked back to the campervan, slowly this time and opened the door a crack and looked in.

Melora had just come down from an intense orgasm but already she was rubbing her pussy in anticipation.

“OK you wimps.” She said. “That’s one down. Who’s next?”

Doc walked slowly back to Jake.

“Mmmm you’re right.” He said. “Tell you what. Let’s raise the ante to $50,000.”

Now it was Jakes turn to gulp. However he had no say in the matter. He shook hands and smiled bravely. Secretly he was pleased. He still had a couple of Aces up his sleeve yet.

Doc and Jake went off to have a conciliatory drink. If anyone had come into the car park for the next four hours they would have been surprised to see a campervan apparently bouncing around as if having its shock absorbers tested. But when Jake and Doc finally reappeared from the bar round the corner it was strangely quiet.
