 The problem with Rendezvous swingers' magazine was that it only came out once a month. Some months you would reply to adverts and get no responses and this meant that you would have to wait another 4 weeks until the next issue came out before you could try again. Other months you might hit the jackpot and get a response from everyone you sent a reply to. The month I met Ruth and David (and also Lesley) was a bit like that. I'd replied to three couples and got back three replies.

I've already written about how I met Ruth and David and this was by far the most important event of my swinging career but the other two, although one-offs, are still worth a mention.

The first couple, and I can't remember their names, were from Birmingham. They were looking for a bi-guy and had included a picture of a very attractive thirty-year old woman in their advert. I'd been a bit worried about saying I was bi but the girl looked really attractive, so I thought I'd bluff it. In any case after meeting Ruth and David I didn't feel a fraud on that point any more. 

We agreed to meet up one night at their flat and I drove my old mini over to Birmingham. When I got to the flat and saw the surrounding area I was a bit worried that the car wouldn't be there when I got back. The flat was in one of those really ugly 1960's tower blocks, a bit like Nelson Mandela Towers in the TV show 'Only Fools and Horses'. I made my way up in the lift, knocked on the door and was greeted by the attractive girl in photo. She was a real peach. Dressed in a tight top and very short skirt she had long blonde hair and a lovely fair complexion. So it came as a bit of shock when I saw that her partner was some out of shape forty year old bloke. He looked like he had just come in from a night at the working men's' club. Something didn't seem right, she was far too good for him and I began to wonder if she might have been a prostitute. But there seemed to be genuine affection between them. 

They had a small pool table in the lounge and we got to know each other over a beer while we played pool. When it was her turn to play she'd make a point of bending right over and sticking her arse in the air. Every now and again he would get up behind her and simulate fucking her. She would wiggle her arse for him and push herself into him. I didn't know if I was supposed to join in but felt it safest not to, just in case.

We had nothing in common. I was a student while he worked at a foundry and she in a factory. I felt uneasy but they didn't seem to care. 

"So, would you like to fuck her?" the guy said to me out of the blue.

"Very much so," I said. 

"Let's get on with it then."

He pointed to the sofa and she and I made out while he took polaroids of the two of us. What I remember to this day is how silky smooth her skin was. I quickly took her top off to suck on her tits and had my hand between her legs fingering her pussy. 

"Fuck her with her skirt hitched up!" he told me. 

So, I got her on all fours then went to retrieve a condom out of my jeans pocket.

"No need for that mate," she wants your cum.

She got my cum sooner than I had anticipated. I don't know what was wrong with me but after fucking her for about 5 minutes I just couldn't hold it in. Quietly I came inside her. By this time he was kneeling in front of her while she sucked his cock, so I tried to bluff it out and joined her. He responded well to this. She and I both licked his shaft and he fucked his cock between our mouths. Then he sat down on the sofa and we took turns sucking on him. After a while she got on top of him and rode him cowboy style. He didn't last very long either. Spent, he lay back on the sofa and turned the television on.

"She's all yours now mate," he said as he lit up a cigarette and turned his attention to the footie on the television.

She led me to the bedroom and we lay on the bed making out. I just couldn't get enough of the feel of her skin. Fortunately, my erection returned and I mounted her missionary style to start with, then doggy, then standing up against the wardrobe. I was determined to make up for my premature performance this time. She went down on me while I was standing up and gave me a first-class blow job but the only way I was going to reach orgasm the second time was in her pussy. So, I put her on all fours again and fucked her until she was almost begging for mercy. Finally, the second load got delivered and we lay there on the bed with sheets soaked in sweat.

And that was it. I got up, got dressed, had a glass of water and was ushered out. To this day I often wonder about the two of them. Was she a prostitute? Were they really a couple? Was she trying to get pregnant? Are they still together now? I guess I'll never know, but I'll never forget how silky smooth her skin was.

If you measure your experiences by whether you cum or not then then my second encounter was a success. If you use virtually any other measure then it probably would have been classed as less than satisfactory.

The second couple I met were not much older than me and had advertised to meet a single guy for a threesome. They were quite local and we agreed to meet in a pub for a drink. Then, if things were ok, we'd go back to theirs. We met up and they were an ok couple. To be honest I can't remember what either of them looked like but I'll never forget the evening. He did all the talking while she stayed quiet, which I put down to nerves at the time. We reached crunch time in the evening, he invited me back to theirs and I followed them in my car. 

When we got into the house he was all over her. She responded, kissing him back and embracing him as he began to undo her jeans. She did the same for him and with his cock in her hand started to wank him. He turned to me and indicated that I should come and join them. I did, but the moment I touched her she froze. He reassured her and gradually she started to relax, letting me kiss her and stroke her body from behind, while she continued to wank him. I took my clothes off so that I was in the same state of undress as they were and he took her hand and placed it around my cock. 

She started to wank us both off while he fingered her pussy and I massaged her tits. Fortunately she was beginning to relax now and get into it. He was keen to move things on. Pushing her down onto the sofa he knelt down in front of her and pulling her legs towards him inserted himself into her. I sat beside her and massaged her tits while he pumped away, which she seemed to enjoy. After a while it was my turn. She didn't refuse and she didn't complain but she just lay there a bit lifeless while I fucked her. He suggested that she get on all fours so that she could take one of us at each end. I continued to fuck her from behind while she gobbled on his cock. Clearly it was working as he came in her mouth quite quickly. I took this as my cue to climax and increased my rate so that I soon came inside her. 

Having emptied my load I stayed inside her for a moment before pulling out. She must have felt some cum drip down her legs because she turned around and looked at me with a face like death.

"Did you just cum inside me without a condom?" she asked rhetorically. 

She turned to her partner and asked him if he knew I was fucking her bareback. He didn't know how to respond and looked a bit sheepish. Gathering up her clothes she stormed out leaving the two of us still kneeling on the floor naked. 

I apologised to the guy for fucking his partner without a condom. He admitted it was his fault as he knew I wasn't, but he suggested that it would be best if I left. I didn't need asking twice and was gone within a couple of minutes. 

Needless to say, I never heard from them again.