 We're like any other married couple.

We both have a brief if not educational sexual history. Nothing to write home about. Just the usual back seat of the car and blowjob stuff. I remember my first time. At 16 years old, I "did" my girl friend in her basement while watching TV. Her parents were both at work and her older sister was upstairs. She didn't care what we did.

She unbuttoned her shirt and showed me her tits. She was bright red with embarrassment. I unzipped my pants and showed her my dick, which was hard as a 16-year-old. She moved it around like a gear-shirt for a few seconds before she slid her panties off and sat down on it. 

I slide inside of her and came immediately. I know it was tight, but I'm not sure how much I even got in. "Is that all," she asked.

I was so embarrassed and confused. It was nothing like my friends described it. My orgasm didn't even feel good. I hardly even got to touch her. The next day at school we could hardly look at each other, and everybody knew why without us saying a thing. I didn't try it again for over 4 years, and even then it wasn't too much to write home about, either in quantity or quality.

It wasn't until Candy and I got married that we learned the finer points of sex and love making, and we learned them together.

It took a couple of years of marriage before I first "joked" with Candy about a threesome with one of her single girl friends or wife-swapping with one of our married couple-friends. Of course, she just laughed those silly ideas off. The closest we ever came to anything like that was watching some porn on the DVD player, and of course, that was more for me than for her. At least that's what she said. We always had a good bonk after watching it.

So, when the idea of a ski weekend with the Danielson's came up, I was excited about the idea because I liked to ski, not because I thought anything else would happen. We did a lot of stuff with the Danielson's. They were married about the same time we were and about our age too. Early 20's.

We met at a campground up north and discovered we lived less than a mile apart. We were best friends ever since, and the first friends we developed as a married couple. Dan and I golfed together and Dani and Candy shopped together. We had fun at outdoor barbeques, and of course, we went camping together from time to time.

Dan and Dani Danielson. Yeah, I know. Pretty weird and silly. The name, I mean. 

Daniel Danny Danielson was his full name. His parents were kooks, or more accurately, old hippies trying to look respectable and yet maintain a sense of non-conformity in a world they otherwise thought played by to strict of a set of rules. 

Despite that, Dan paid his own way to Christian college met Dani in the dorm. Everybody thought Dan and Dani was "just so cute" that they pretty much had to become a couple. He didn't mind because she was so pretty and despite his inherent shyness they became "Dan and Dani." 

They were what the chicks would call a "cute couple." They could pass for brother and sister. There was a hint of incest in their relationship because of their physical appearances. She was just a bit shorter than he, and both with blond hair and blue eyes. I don't know about his, but hers sparkled when she smiled. They were slender, but not skinny, well toned because they worked out daily in their basement and took "active" vacations. The four us weren't much for sitting around on the beach. 

Volley ball and badminton were popular sports in our back yards and we were always on the go. But with them, even their skin tone and tans were the same color. I think it was one of the things that made them so attracted to each other and to us as friends.

We rented a mini-van for the trip and drove up together, totting most of our own food and lots of extra clothing. We had adjoining rooms at a nice ski resort that featured miles and miles of cross country trails. We scrapped a bit for the trip and planed it to the penny, including an expensive dinner our second night there. It was all planned out.

The drive up was a blast. The ladies both wore the sexiest thing they possibly could...a smile...and we laughed and giggled like school kids. Well actually, not like school kids. School wasn't that fun.

Then things got a bit scary. After a 5 hour drive, we arrived late in the evening and discovered the hotel lost our reservations. Fortunately, we had our printed receipt with us and they readily admitted their mistake. We were sitting in the lobby waiting for resolution when the pretty, young girl behind the counter came up to us in the lobby, and said," We upgraded you to a luxury suite. You'll have to share it, but it's got two bedrooms and two baths. I hope you don't mind."

I had time to say "thank you," she jumped in again.

"Before you say no, here are four passes to our five-star restaurant, including a bottle of wine per pass."

Since we had planned to have dinner there anyway, and this would save us some big bucks, so before anybody could get overly polite and wishy-washy, I quickly agreed, and snatched up the opportunity. I was only thinking a little bit with my dick. We weren't sorry.

The luxury room was amazing. It had a fake log fireplace, which I immediately lit, a kitchenette, a small washer and dryer, big soft beds and best of all, a huge hot tub. And I'm not talking about one of those bathtubs with a few water jets tucked away into the bathroom.

This one was right out in the living room in a tiled off area. There were hangers containing big soft fluffy towels and robes like in the really expensive hotels. It could easily have seated 6 comfortably with molded seats and detectable jets.  

"That's where we're heading," we said in unison practically as soon as we entered the room.

It took us an hour or so to haul all our stuff in and get settled and it was getting late. We were all a bit tired and yawning, but still in good spirits and we finally found ourselves getting changed into our swim suits.

I was looking forward to seeing Dani in her swimsuit. I was hoping for a two-piece, but since Candy was putting on her one-piece I figured Dani would too, and of course, I was right. Seems that girls always discuss the "clothing" menu.  Still, they both looked good, if not modest. Dan and I both had on regular old men's swim trunks. Not much to show off there.

We splashed around the hot tub more like a swimming pool than anything else. It was nice and deep. We wrestled a little bit, mostly me and Candy and Dan and Dani, but I got to put my arm around the effervescent Dani once or twice, but mostly we just sat and relaxed. The snow was falling outside and with the big picture window in front of us, and the porch light on, we watched it gently fall.

"Sure is a log of coverage in this tub," Dani said, looking at my butt as I left the tub to head into the bathroom. She was making fun of something I said at the beach last summer when our wives were wearing the most modest one-piece suits while all the other girls were wearing bikinis.

"Fine," I said over my shoulder. "I'll slip into something more comfortable."

After peeing, I took off my suit and put on my jock strap. It covered my cock and balls, lifting and hugging them to my body. There were two straps in the rear that partially covered my butt cheeks, but left my crack totally exposed and a stretch waist to hold it up. I pretty much framed my butt. Then I slipped on one of the fluffy hotel robes.

Girls always told me I had a cute butt so I figured I'd flaunt it a bit.

I returned to the tub and did a strip to the music playing on the radio. The girls took it in the humor in which it was intended as I shock my naked butt at them, and even Dan seemed to see the humor in it, and took my near nakedness in good humor. It was fun.

After we were all soaking wet and wrinkled and very relaxed we climbed out of the tub and headed for our respective bedrooms.

As my trunks came down I already had a hard-on. As Candy pulled her suit off, her nipples were hard a little pebbles. We merely dried off and fell into a 69 with me on top. If didn't last but a few minutes and we were both satisfied. Me with a very wet face and her with half a pint of jizz down her throat. We cuddled.

"That was nice," she said. "You must have enjoyed seeing Dani. She knew I always found Dani attractive. It was no secret between us, but I never laid a hand on her.

"You must have enjoyed seeing Dan," I teased back.

"Well, she certainly enjoyed seeing you," she chided.

"Was it OK that I did that," I asked.

"I was," she said. 

We drifted off to sleep.

Chapter 2

We woke early the next morning. Before first light, even. It promised to be a spectacular day. 

While we were sleeping the show continued to fall and we had a few inches of fresh stuff and the ski conditions appeared to be excellent. They were. 

The day started at the free breakfast far. It was loaded with pancakes, hash brown potatoes, coffee, bacon, sausage, breakfast steaks (cooked medium rare to order), juice and fruit. We stuffed ourselves silly.

Back at our room, we packed a lunch and got ready for the trails. The girls wore tight tights down below, warm sweaters up top and jackets over them. The tights did a wonderful job of highlighting their perky butts. I knew Dan and I would want to trail them all day as they broke the fresh snow in front of us.

It was one of those rare sunny, bright winter days with only fluffy white clouds in the sky. The temperature was a balmy 22 Fahrenheit and there was no wind. The show was fluffy and fresh, which made for perfect skiing conditions. 

The trails were hilly and twisty. We took turns in the lead when we had to go single file, otherwise we would ski side by side in groups of two. When I followed Dani, I couldn't keep my eyes off her tight buns, but Dan was watching Candy just as intently so he didn't mind...and neither did I.

We had our lunch on some blankets we brought, sitting in the show. By this time the girls were getting warm so they took off their jackets and put them in my backpack. Their nipples were hard as rocks. It was difficult to keep my dick from getting that way too. I was wearing a pair of very tight black jeans that would not have hidden a hard-on well at all. I guess I was getting something of a chubby.

We got home just at dark, which wasn't all that late given how far north we were and the fact that it was just past the winter soulsists. Maybe 5 PM. We were pink faced from the cold and tired from the activity, but nobody wanted to slow down. It was the evening of our big (now free) dinner at the 4-star restaurant.

Candy and jumped into the shower. "Rough day," she asked fondling my rapidly hardening dick.

"Nice day," I replied, tweaking her nipples.

"Yeah, It was" she giggled. "Ya' know," she added. "We're not going to have a foursome."

"Yeah, I know," I said, softly, somewhat disappointed, but pretending not to be.

"And I'm not going to kiss her for you." She kept fondling my dick.

"Of course not," I whispered. Her hand felt so good.

"And I'm not going to lick her pussy," she informed me as she dropped to her knees.

Little did she realize she was foreshadowing the entire night to come.

Her mouth wrapped around my dick and took me all the way down. I shuttered, almost ready to cum. She released me. I groaned.

"Because that just wouldn't be right," she said, immediately taking me back into her mouth and throat. It was all I could do to not cum on the spot.

"Uh-huh," I responded.

I slide from her mouth with a pop.

"And she's not going to do this to you either," said Candy just before sucking me in again.

I groaned loudly, virtually on the edge of coming.

"But don't worry. I'll take care of you," she said and stood up with a devilish smile on her face.

"Oh...and we'll save that for later," she said, giving my dick one last squeeze. "You're going to need it."

She started to wash her hair like nothing happened. 

Frustrated, I finished my shower, shaved and got dressed.

The girls both looked wonderful. 

They had on tight, low cut top that showed their cleavage nicely and skin tight skirts that emphasized their butts. They were just barley appropriate for the restaurant we were going to. 

Dan and I each wore a suit and tie complete with cologne and slicked back hair. For a couple of regular guys, we looked OK.

We walked the quarter mile or so across the ski lodge's campus to the restaurant. We were seated immediately after we showed them our pass, even before those already in line.

It was amazing. We had a table tucked away in a corner, but facing the dance floor. A live band played a variety of music, but not so loud as to overpower the conversation. We ordered drinks and hit the dance-floor before we even ordered. After one quick dance we were back at our table.

When we got back, the cutest waitress in the world came by and told us to enjoy ourselves. The table was ours for the night, her tip was already paid and that we should dance and have as much fun as we wanted to.

We were starving, so we ordered appetizers right away, and then danced, then salads, and then danced, finally our main course and dessert, dancing in between each one.

I danced several danced with Dani and Dan danced frequently with Candy. A couple of ladies asked Dan and I to dance and with our wives approval, we did. They were a bit older than us, but not too much. Maybe early 30's. Candy and Dani took advantage and went for a spin on the floor together too. 

The first dance was fast, but the second one was slow. I ground my erection into my dance partner as I watched my wife and her best friend hold each other close, their breasts pushing into each other. My god, was that hot. The gal I was dancing with was very affectionate, rubbing her hand on my butt a few times. I think she thought the hard-on was for her.

I defiantly had an extra large budge in my pants when we got back to the table, but so did Dan and the girls were both smiling, clearly enjoying our discomfort and arousal.

After desert, we finally enjoyed our bottle of wine, took a turn with each other's wife around the dance floor and started to head back to our luxury suite. As we left, we saw our waitress again and slipped her a large bill for an additional tip. We wished her a wonderful night and told she hadn't had that much fun in a long time waiting on people. I don't think she really met that, but what did we care. It made us feel special.

The walk back was magical.

We were slightly tipsy from the wine and drinks, but far from drunk. The temperature was in the single digits, but we didn't care since we were dressed warmly. Even our feet were warm. There wasn't so much a gentle breeze blowing and the air was perfectly still. Far in the distance we could hear the coyotes howling and the occasional screech of an owl. 

The sky was filled with brilliant, diamond-like stars and looked like a rich thick black carpet covered with sprinkles. We walked down the middle of the street, Candy and Dani holding hands and Dan and I holding our wives hands. At least that's how we started out. Some how in the middle of the trip, I ended up with Dani's hand and Dan ended up with Candy's hand.

We sang and giggled our way through the dance tunes we had just heard at the restaurant.

I started up the hot tub right away and Dan lit the fire. We went to change.

"What are you wearing tonight," Candy asked.

"This," I said, holding up my jock strap, "unless you mind."

"Not at all," she said. "You did it last night."

"What are you wearing," I asked.

"This," she said, holding nothing but her swim suit bottom. "No top."

"Really," I asked pretty surprised.

"Why not," she asked. "Will you get jealous if Dan looks at me?" She said it in a teasing voice and finished with a wink.

That was a tough question. A no-win question. If I said no she would say, "Don't you love me?" If I say yes, "she will say might wear something else."

"A little," I said, "but I think it would be cool."

"Cool to be jealous,' she teased.

"It will only remind me of how much I love you," I told her. Apparently that was the right thing to say, because we were embracing and kissing the next thing I knew.

I asked her why she was wearing the bottoms.

"Because I don't know if Dani shaves," she told me, and I think she might make fun of me for having baby beaver " 

The whole time I knew Candy she kept her beaver totally hair free. She called it her "furless kitten." I never knew she was shy about it in front of other women and I certainly didn't know that Dani had never seen her naked. They changed in the same room together, but must have kept their back towards each other.

I felt my wife's perfect medium sized breasts pressing into my chest. It was one of the nicest feelings in the world. They are the perfect size. Not too big, nor too small, but with perfect pee sized rock hard, pink nipples. They look like a teenager's breasts because they are shaped so perfectly. I loved them from the first time I saw them, and never grow tired of looking at them. 

Well, Dan and Dani had some surprises for us too.

Dan was dressed in a Speedo. It covered most of his ass, but his bulge was very pronounced. I knew that at least soft, Dan was bigger then me down there. We'd seen each other naked in the locker room at the golf club and once when we took a hunting trip together we stayed in a one room lodge. The shower, such as it was, was right in the same room as everything else. The bathroom was actually an outhouse out back. 

Anyway, we both got naked (at different times) to get into the shower and didn't make any big deal out of it. I just knew as a result of that, that he was bigger when he was soft than I was. 

Despite the fact that I told Candy he was big, she was still staring at it with a surprised look on her face. I wonder how big he got when he was hard. Hopefully, not too much bigger than I.

Dani, however...I mean like Wow.

She had on a "One-piece" swimsuit, but it didn't cover much. "Oh, her ass was covered, and her pussy, but only a thin trip of material covered each of her breasts and they ran from her waist line up across her nipples. The rest of her breasts were exposed.

The material covering her butt was see-thru and left nothing to the imagination. I could still only guess, but I was pretty sure Dani shaved. If she didn't shave completely, she came awfully close. Her ass looked awfully kissable.

"Let's dance," Dani said, after turning on the radio.

I took a quick sip of wine and grabbed Candy and we slow danced for a song as did Dani and Dan. After that I gulped down the rest of my glass before being passed off to Dani. Dani ground her pussy into my leg during the whole dance, and my hands openly explored her ass. I heard no objection from any quarter, including Candy, so I considered that I was in the clear.

Of course I was. Dan was fondling Candy's tits. A fact that totally escaped me at the time, since I was so into Dani. Candy told me about it later.

When the dance was over Dani said, "More wine please."

I was only too happy to oblige. While Dan and I were struggling with the cork screw Candy and Dani started slow dancing. Not dirty dancing, but being nearly naked, it was very hot to watch. If that's all I saw, I would have been satisfied. 

They caressed each other's backs as they danced, and their tits were pushed together since they were about the same size. I could never decide if Candy's tits were smaller than Dani's when they were dressed, but now I could defiantly tell that Dani's were considerably bigger. Candy's were still prettier and more innocent looking.

We settled into the hot tub, each with our glass of wine. For a while it was very quiet as everybody relaxed after a hard day of physical activity. I think we all might have drifted off into a light sleep for a while until Dani slid off her seat and splashed into the middle of the tub. We all woke up with a start, then a giggle.
