 My Girlfriend Tes and I enjoy visiting a motel that has been converted for enjoyment of swingers, it's a small, 25ish rooms, motel with all the rooms made over with mirrors, faux fireplaces, provisions for swings and most rooms have either a Jacuzzi or a 'love machine' chair. 

There is a large room with a swimming pool, two large hot tubs and an oversized bed, this area is 'clothing optional' and is generally 95+% nude. This isn't going to be a recollection of a specific visit but, rather, some of the highlights we have enjoyed over the years.

While sitting in one of the hot tubs we were chatting and making out a little and I had her sit on the deck so I could eat her pussy. As I was enjoying her I was aware that we were being joined by others but I wasn't paying attention to who or how many. 

After a bit of this and coating my face in her cum she tapped me on the head and slid back into the water. I was surprised to see that the tub was now full of friendly folks. We just relaxed and enjoyed the hot water and visited with those around us, checking each other out and all of that. 

Well before long it was turnabout is fair play as Tes patted the deck and told me to slide up. Now I'm not shy but getting a blow job with an audience is both exciting and intimidating, at least to me. But I slid up and she started a nice slow deep BJ, I just relaxed and enjoyed it. As I was getting more and more into it and less and less aware of my surroundings I didn't realize until I opened my eyes and looked around the tub to find all 6 of us guys were sitting on the deck and every one of us was getting blown by the women in the tub!

Something pretty darn exciting about a row of blow jobs like that. I looked down to see Tes grinning like the Cheshire cat around my cock, I would not be surprised if she hadn't set it up...

Another time we were on the bed, it's beyond king sized, maybe x2, I'm not sure but it has plenty of room so I was surprised when as I was eating her I felt others join us, pretty close in fact. That's fine though, the more the merrier. 

Tes gives me a tap on the head and I glance up to see a sweet young thing with her mouth latched onto one of Tes' tits as a guy slowly fills her doggy style. Tes grins at me and slides under the sweet young thing into a mini 69, both sucking each other's tits as I keep eating and he keeps thrusting, though I admit that my attention was divided somewhat... 

The ladies must have enjoyed it too as soon Sweet young thing was groaning and had her face between Tes' tits, no longer sucking but just taking the fucking she was getting and loving those big, soft tits against her face. 

All too soon he started to grunt as he continued pounding her as Tes tightened up and coated my face while she held his balls as he drained them into sweet young thing. Shortly after, he fell away muttering to himself as Sweet young thing sort of collapsed, her head still on my woman's tits, all three of them were clearly quite relaxed, lol. 

The ladies kissed and exchanged a few mumbled, "thank you, that was fabulous" pleasantries, I moved up next to Tes and she took my hard cock in her hand as Sweet young thing lightly caressed my balls. Her man got up and kissed her and said 'let's hit the hot tub' so she let me go, kissed Tes on each tit and padded off behind him...

Another visit, similar circumstances, we were just there on the bed playing around, working up to something and another couple stopped by and started chatting, she sat down on the edge of the bed by me and he crawled up next to Tes towards the center. 

They were a FWB couple, mid 40s like Tes, new to adding others, unlike Tes, etc. As we chatted she asked Tes if she could feel her tits (she gets that often actually, usually from women) as hers were, while nice, were relatively modest, of course Tes said Sure! 

As she continued she invited her friend to join her in feeling my GFs tits. Tes immediately asked if we could return the favor, of course she agreed and we started feeling her nice B cup tits as she and her friend continued to enjoy Tes' DDs. 

Tes and I made eye contact and grinned at one another as she reached over and began slowly stroking her new friend's cock as his mouth closed over Tes' nipple. At this I felt a new hand close around my cock and begin slowly stroking me. 

I glanced back at Tes to see her eyes closed and her breathing becoming more labored, and noticed his hand in her cunt. Our new lady friend noticed that I noticed and smiled and slowly spread her legs for me as she lay back next to Tes. I bent down and asked 'may I?' as I started to taste her wet pussy. 

I heard a familiar groan behind me and glanced back at Tes to see that she too was getting what sounded like a nice tongue lashing. With that, I buried my face in my new friend's cunt and gave her my best. I heard Tes getting close as I worked over our new friend, but not for long as her thighs clamped down around my head and her hands forced my face deeper into her cunt, flooding me with her cum. 

She slowly released my head and as I looked up I saw Tes with our friend's nipple in her mouth as she came down from her orgasm. Tes released the nipple and turned to her new partner and was greeted by his hard cock inches away from her. Quicker than telling she had him in her mouth and began working his hard cock as he continued strumming her clit with his fingers. 

My new partner reached down and pulled me close as she turned to watch her partner being sucked. We watched for a few minutes, she whispered to me how hot it was watching it like this, up close and personal. 

As we watched he lay back and Tes got to her knees and resumed blowing him and with that, my new friend suggested we might like to try that too, Hell yes we would! She patted the bed next to her guy and I assumed the position and she started working on my cock, matching our partners next to us. All too soon I heard him telling Tes he was cumming, and he did with me not far behind him...

Then there was the time we brought Tes' Sybian with us. Roberta (from the sevensome story posted a while back) emailed that she and Mark were going to be at MC and that she would love to try a ride on the Sybian. Apparently she and Tes had talked about it last time we were there. 

So we loaded it up, made our reservation and looked forward to the next visit. Roberta let us know that they were meeting some friends from out of town that weekend and would it be ok if they joined us. Well of course! Then another couple was added to the mix. Sweet! The more the merrier. 

We got to MC, checked in and headed for the pool. Roberta and Mark weren't there yet, nor were her friends so we hit the water and played a while. Before long we were being introduced to her friends Bob and Carol and Ted and Alice who were there with their friends Steve and Kate. 

We all visited while in the pool with some mild fondling as we reacquainted with Mark and Roberta and got familiar with the new friends. It became clear that Roberta and Kate we both eager to try out the Sybian, Carol hadn't heard of it and didn't know what we were talking about so we suggested retiring to our room to check it out. Once in the room, Tes gave a quick tutorial and helped Roberta mount up, she showed Mark how the controls worked and joined me to watch Roberta ride. 

To say she enjoyed it would be a massive understatement, it couldn't have been more than a couple minutes and she was cumming hard and then begging Mark to shut it off. Kate jumped up and said it was her turn so Tes again helped her mount up and gave the controls to Steve. Steve kept the varying the vibrations and motion, bringing Kate to the edge several times before she told him to "quit fucking around and let me cum you bastard!" So he went full on and she was over the top less than a minute later. 

We had left the room's door open and as I glanced up I noticed we were drawing a bit of a crowd. Alice was next up and soon Bob had her crying out in her own orgasm, Alice was a VERY vocal participant. 

We all looked at Carol who was a bit reluctant so we opened it up to the gallery and a young couple timidly came forward and asked if they could try it. Sure! Tes gave them the quick tutorial and helped her mount up, her friend climbed up on the bed and stood next to her as he started playing with the controls, the effects were immediate, she began to quiver and moan almost immediately. 

She looked up at her man and reached out to hold on to him as he turned up the intensity. That met with a deep moan and her taking his cock into her mouth to suck him as she rode.. They managed to build quickly to the edge and he would slow things down and she would do the same, as she got close so did he. It was as though he was controlling his own orgasm with the Syb controller. 

He softly asked her if she was ready, and she moaned deeply around his cock and nodded as he once more increased the intensity of the Sybian and forced her over the top. He grabbed her head and pulled her close, forcing his cock deep into her mouth as he cried out. He zeroed out the controller as he backed away and the two of them slid off the bed together. As they passed through the gallery we could hear her telling the others that it was incredible, last thing we heard was her telling her partner that she wanted one...

Wrapping up this lengthy post was the time as we were leaving the morning after a full night of fun when we heard a timid knock at our door. 

We opened up to find a young guy standing there, he shyly asked if we could help him and his wife for a couple minute. Sure! He said she just wants to be watched and pushed open the door to their room asking that we wait on the porch. The three of us watched as his wife began slowly caressing her very very nice body, teasing her nipples and slipping a finger between the lips of her pussy and over her clit. 

We were spellbound, this was incredibly erotic and she was a beautiful young woman with a spectacular body. I moved behind Tes and began to massage and knead her breasts as she reached back and began stroking my cock through my pants as we watched this beautiful young woman enjoy her body. Our new friend was leaning against the door jam watching his wife and watching our passion grow as we watched her. 

Too soon she was cumming and cumming incredibly hard, her body went rigid, nipples hard and a flush spread over her body as she cried out. Incredible to witness! She muttered something we couldn't understand and he turned to us and said "thank you!" and moved into the room, dropping his pants as he pushed the door shut behind him...