 Recap: On a business trip in his own plane down the Caribbean chain, Jonathan disappeared, leaving a wife, pregnant Allison, behind. Jon's business partner Matt and Allison slowly develop a loving relationship, conceive their own child, and, after Jon is declared legally dead six years after his disappearance, Allison and Matt marry. A year or so later, Jon appears, his absence due to years suffering from amnesia after a plane crash injured him. After a torrid that expands to include Allison, Jon and Matt, Jon tells them he too has married. A week later the three of them fly to St. Kitts to meet Molly, Jon's wife, and his child by her. A sexual chemistry ignites between all four of the adults.

*

I came out on the patio of Jon and Molly's home after putting Coral to bed. Matt, Jon, and Molly were naked again. The guys were on either side of Molly on one of the large loungers. Molly held both cocks in her hands and was slowly masturbating the two men. At the other end of things, both men alternately sucked on Molly's breasts or French kissed her. It was a sexy scene to say the least, and I felt the spigot in my vagina turn on. Molly was getting her wish to be sexed by two men.

The last vestiges of sunlight were leaving the western sky. I slowly removed my shorts and shirt so Molly would get her two-on-one time. I reclined nude on the adjacent lounger so I could watch the threesome. I immediately drove two fingers into my cunt and started to masturbate. I would put on a show for them, as they were for me.

Molly rearranged the men so that she could go down on Matt. His eyes and mine were locked together as her mouth slavered over his cock, and then gulped down nearly his entire length. He watched as my fingers pumped in and out of my valley, and my other hand rapidly massaged my clitoris. We'd both masturbated for each other before, but this was much different – much more sensuous with two other people there.

Jon kneeled behind Molly and applied his tongue to her slit. There was still plenty of light and the angle was just right to see his oral muscle lap at her wetness and then slide into her opening. Jon added fingers to his attempt to excite, seduce, and bring pleasure to Molly. Molly continued her work on Matt's penis.

After a few minutes, Jon changed his position. His rod was rigid and standing at ninety degrees to his body. Without using his hands, he moved behind Molly and thrust his cock into her quim. He pumped a few times, and Molly started to oscillate to meet his thrusts. Matt watched his friend pump into the woman that was blowing him. Molly moaned around Matt's dick. 

After a few minutes and with a nod to Matt, Jon flipped her over on her back and visibly worked his cock back into her pussy. She was hairless, yet we could see the shadow of her pubes where her hair had been. Her slit visibly came forward engulfing Jon as he thrust into her. Molly had grabbed hold of Matt again and pulled his cock to her mouth. She took it at both ends. 

I was enthralled watching the trio. I knew my turn would come, and it came sooner than I expected.

Matt and Jon exchanged looks and some nonverbal communication. Jon suddenly jerked his cock from Molly's pussy. A visible gaping hole remained for a second or two before Molly pulled her legs to her chest as she writhed in orgasm. A low moan escaped from her lips, however, she smiled in her ecstasy.

Matt moved around and passionately kissed her lips, and then worked his way down to her large breasts, sucking each breast into his mouth as he pushed her legs down. I watched him worm two fingers into the slot where Jon's dick had been only seconds earlier. Molly splayed herself open to accommodate his friendly assault. She pulled him to her for a deeper kiss.

Jon came to me. He gently rocked me back on the lounger and pushed my legs apart so my pussy was exposed to the evening air again. He kneeled before me and lowered his mouth to my pussy. I almost couldn't be sure he was there for the first few seconds; the flicks of his tongue along my slit were so light and airy. But then, I knew; he zeroed right in on my clit, sucking the entire miniature shaft into his mouth. The act shot me into the stars.

Jon's tongue fucked into my vagina, a skill I'd nearly forgotten he had from years before. Once on some Florida beach, he'd brought me off this way. The memory came back to me; I wondered if he remembered, or whether he was on sexual autopilot. Jon added some fingers to his romance of my cunt. The whole scene and feelings he was giving me were so elating that my back was arched so that my pussy could push into his mouth and tongue.

When next I looked, Matt kneeled before Molly. He held his shaft in one hand and slowly inserted it into her sparkling pussy, her juices of anticipation coating him as he sank to full depth into her loveliness. She held her arms up to him, and he relaxed into them, although both their hips oscillated in synchronous rhythm as his cock sawed in and out of her. They kissed most of the time, or Matt was sucking on one of Molly's taut breasts.

I asked Jon softly, "Do you remember my favorite position?"

He raised his mouth from my pussy and said tentatively, "Woman on top?"

I nodded and nudged him away from my pussy. Jon lay down where I'd been, and I made a show of mounting him, sinking down on his erection only a fraction of an inch on each of our thrusts into each other. I teased the two of us for over two minutes this way, allowing deeper penetration only a fraction at a time – "Mini-strokes," I told him. When our pubes finally ground together, it was an occasion. I just held him and used my vaginal muscles to squeeze and milk his cock. Jon's eyes held mine. This was a game we'd played to each other for most of our courtship and marriage; it drove both of us wild, and certainly made the end state orgasms more noteworthy.

I felt inspired and started more sex talk. "Can you feel my cunt around your long, hard cock? Can you feel my muscles milking the cum from your balls? I want all your juice deep in my cunt – I want it leaking out of me so everyone can see that you fucked me." Jon lifted me until only the mushroom head was nestled in my crevice, and then he jerked me down on his shaft. I moaned. "I love it when you thrust into me like that. All the senses in my body go on high alert. They want an orgasm with your cock in me. They want you to climax in me."

I heard the slapping together of the two bodies on the lounger next to us. Jon and I both looked and watched as Matt slammed his body into Molly. The scene was more arousing than I'd suspected it would be. I expected to be consumed with curiosity and concern about all the various relationships; instead, I let go and relaxed into the moment. I knew this would work out all right.

I talked to Jon: "Is that your wife. Matt has his huge cock buried in her pussy. He's fucking her really hard. Hear that slapping sound – that's the sound of two people fucking, and from the sounds they're making they love it. Matt is going to cum in Molly's pussy. He's going to leave a gallon of cum inside her. Oh, look at how he can suck on her breasts while his cock is thrusting in her cunt. Do you like that? Look how pointed her nipples are? She could cut glass with those nipples they're so hard. She's excited – excited to be fucked by someone new."

As I talked and spit out sentence after sentence of provocative, sexual language, Jon pounded into me harder and harder. I switched back and forth, editorializing between describing Matt and Molly, and what I was feeling or wanted to do. 

I remembered a couple of incidents from our past and vocalized them for Jon. Molly and Matt were listening too as their bodies slammed together. Molly had moved so she was on all fours, and Matt was now fucking her doggie style, often reaching under her and fondling her swaying breasts. 

"Jon, I remember a time before we were married when we hadn't fucked for almost a week. We badly needed to get together. We were both so horny we could barely stand it. I know we both masturbated when we were alone; however, we needed the kind of release that we could only find together by that time. It was summer, and we drove down to the beach at dusk and took a blanket into the dunes. Just before total darkness, we were both nude and you had this gorgeous cock buried in my puss. I guess I was too noisy, because another couple came and watched us for a minute. Then, they pulled off their clothes and started to fuck only twenty feet away from us. I watched as his big cock sank into her cunt, and he fucked her right there. They watched as we did it too. You came first deep inside me, but he came in her right after that. I was so turned on."

Jon nodded. He remembered. He said, "I actually remember that. I remember that we did it again – right there – all four of us again after resting only a few minutes. They were turned on too. We could barely see each other when we finished, but we all ran into the warm surf to wash the delightful smell of sex away. She was stacked too, and he was hung. Did you like watching his cock swing as we came back to our blankets?"

"If he was here now, I'd fuck him," I told Jon. He thrust harder into me. Matt moaned and in a hoarse voice told Molly, "I'm cumming."

Molly said softly to him, "Cum in me. Give me your man juice. Give me all you have. I love you." 

Matt's hips became a blur, and Molly's legs wrapped completely around him and urged him faster and deeper into her. Then they reached their crescendo. Matt's back arched away from Molly's body, and he made three or four last thrusts into her. Molly's back arched too, and she fell forward onto her arms, her back end sticking up in the air where Matt remained connected to her; his cock buried to full depth in her pussy. They froze in that position as the paroxysm of pleasure swept over both of them. Then we heard the gasps for air, and Matt collapsed atop Molly's back, rolling both of them to their sides. Molly turned and the two kissed passionately.

Seeing the act so close to us, made it impossible not to respond sympathetically to their sexual completeness. Jon started to move harder and more definitely into me, and I leaned over him and worked my hips more erotically. We didn't need to communicate; we knew we were seconds away from completion. As Jon extended his thrusts into me, I pounded harder into him, and then we came.

To compare my orgasm to fire works would be like comparing Niagara Falls to a glass of water. I went to that place in the universe that few people find: a corner of nirvana – where pleasure is extreme and unforgettable. I held onto that space for what seemed like hours, savoring every nuance of the cock bursting with semen inside me, as well as my own emissions and my own sensory overload. My eyes were closed, yet there wasn't a corner of the universe I couldn't see, taste, feel, and hear. Those hours turned out to be mere seconds. 

I fell onto Jon and showered him with kisses. He returned the kisses and whispered such tender words of love to me that my heart swelled. I loved everyone. I felt so loved.

Later, we went into the pool. It was even more sensuous after making love – the four of us naked together only feet from each other. Mostly, we were quiet; conversation seemed inadequate by then. Each of us floated to each other. We looked in awe at each other, and we knew what each was feeling and had gone through. We'd all been there for each other.

Later, Jon carried me into the house, and Matt followed carrying Molly who had her head on his shoulder. Somehow, the four of us snuggled into Jon and Molly's king-size bed. It helped that Molly and I were in the middle with our partners of the night spooned behind us, their erect cocks again poking us.

As Jon penetrated me again, I found myself kissing Molly. They were kisses of love and of passion. I felt her hand fondling my breast and pinching one of my nips. The move made my vagina clench around Jon's cock. 

Molly whispered to me, "Oh, Allison. I know we've just met, but I feel as though I've known you for years – through Jon. I knew it would be like this. I love you. I feel so close to you. We are lovers – sisters – kindred spirits that have finally found one another." We kissed again, our tongues dancing together. 

Matt had filled Molly's pussy with his meat again, as Jon was in me. The men both watched and listened to Molly and My speaking words of love and passion to each other. I know it made Jon harder and pumped up his libido. I reached across Molly and smoothed Matt's hair as he pumped into Molly.

Our climaxes were only slightly less exciting than the ones we'd shared on the patio. This time we were ready for sleep after our exertions. I recalled only a couple of times years before when I'd gone to sleep with Jonathan's passion still resident inside me. And then, the pleasure of sleep joined the pleasure of our sex, and all went dark.

*

I awoke to kisses on my eyelids. When I opened them, Molly was there with a huge smile on her face. She kissed me again. The sun streamed in one side of the house. Jon and Matt were gone.

Molly said, "Good beautiful morning. I feel so wonderful."

I stretched and took stock. I smelled of sex. The entire bed and room smelled of sex. Molly smelled of sex. I loved the smell of sex. I kissed her briefly. "Do I have morning breath," I worried aloud.

"No, you taste and smell like pussy and cum. I think we shared some of that around last night. Not enough to suit my tastes." She gave me a nasty grin, and I had to laugh and grin back as I nodded in agreement.

I told her, "Sometime, when the guys aren't around, I'd love it ... if just the two of us ... well, you know."

Molly thought and said, "We'll have the guys take Coral over to her grandpa's house after lunch. That'll be our time. You can meet my Dad and his girlfriend on Sunday afternoon when we reclaim her." She smiled at me as she pulled me up from the bed into her arms. We stood beside the bed hugging and slowly rubbing our nude bodies against each other. We kissed.

Molly and I again adopted the monokini and a tank top as the dress of the day. We found the guys in the kitchen with Coral in her high chair turning some scrambled eggs and toast into a mush that filled most of her tray.

Molly and I got long passionate kisses from each of the men. I can't speak for her, but I felt myself get wet all over again, part of it I'm sure the expulsion of fluids from the previous evenings love making. Oh, well, I thought; I'll go in the pool after breakfast. Coral watched all the hugging and kissing with great interest, so when the adults were finished we each paid some attention to her, much to her delight.

Matt and I volunteered to take Coral for a walk, pushing her along the seldom-traveled road in her stroller for a bit and then letting her walk while she held one of our hands. I checked in with Matt: "Hey, husband. Are you all right with everything that happened last night? I was pretty devoted to Jon last night. How do you feel?"

Matt grinned at me: "I feel like the cat that swallowed the proverbial canary. I love you ... and we've always had a great sex life. Then Jon comes back, and I realize one of men's great fantasies over and over again – watching his wife with another man. The fact that Jon will stay in your life and that this will get repeated over and over makes that fantasy realization even better. Plus, we like each other and feel comfortable double teaming you."

Matt checked in with me and then continued: "Now, I meet Jon's wife – or significant other – and she's wonderful. She's pretty, talented, and personable, and the kind of person you fall in love with in thirty seconds. Moreover, she likes me too – we even used the "L" word with each other ... and then we get to make love."

I asked, "Do you love me any less?"

"Hell, no!" Matt responded, almost in shock. "I love you even more. I never knew I could hold so much love in me at one time." He stopped us, came and kissed me, right there in the middle of the road. "What about you? How are you feeling?"

"Sort of strange actually – but strange in a really nice way. First, my pussy is all a tingle from last night ... this past week of lovemaking. I really like making love four or five or more times a day. But the other thing, and I think I'd already adjusted to Jon being back and the two of you loving me, is that Molly loves me too – and I love her. I never thought of myself as bi-sexual, but I guess I am, at least with her. The two of us will talk later, but I think she feels the same way. The love I'm carrying hasn't doubled, it's multiplied three time or even more because of all the combinations."

Matt kissed me again, and we continued walking. He pushed the pram while I walked holding Coral's little hand and pointing things out to her. Only once did we hear a car and have to get out of the way.

When we got back to the house, obviously Jon and Molly had made love during our short absence. Molly blushed when I raised my eyebrows at her, plus she didn't want to make immediate eye contact. Jon looked unusually happy. I smiled inwardly, joyful that they'd also reconnected in a meaningful way. I could feel the love they shared.

We lounged around the patio while Molly put together a kit of toys to go with Coral to her Grandpa's. After lunch Matt and Jon loaded Coral into the Jeep, and they headed out to the University area of the island and to run some shopping errands in the main town.

As the Jeep disappeared Molly came to me in the kitchen. She just walked up and held my face in both hands and kissed me very tenderly. I whispered, "You have much love to give, don't you?"

Molly nodded. She said, "Where you, Jon, and Matt come, I do. I just feel so resonate with you, like all our hearts are beating on the same frequency. I felt it the instant I met you." She pulled me through the house to the bedroom.

We collapsed together on the plush bed, losing our tops and monokinis along the way. Molly said, "I've never made love to a woman before – except for last night a little." She settled over me missionary style as she spoke, and then kissed me.

"Me neither," I whispered to her. "Me neither."

"Then let's experiment about how to bring each other lots of pleasure – about how to show each other our love."

I lost track of our orgasms, not that I was keeping a score. Molly had one toy, a vibrator, that we took turns using on one another. We learned from each other how to give cunnilingus with superb skill. The best use of fingers and lips also proved a great learning experience, plus it made me appreciate the work Matt and Jon showered on me. By the end of two hours, when we lay back in blissful exhaustion, both our bodies hummed with our sexuality. I napped in Molly's arms for a few minutes, and then we both got up and took a swim.

We were lying together on one lounger when the guys came back. We were well oiled with suntan lotion and baking our bodies as we relaxed. I dozed again, until a Prince Charming named Matt kissed me awake as he lay beside me. Jon was kissing Molly too. I stretched my nude body in a cat-like manner, slowly wrapping my arms around him, and pulling him to me for another kiss.

"What'd you guys do while we were gone?" Matt asked, although I think he could guess the answer.

I grinned sheepishly, and squeezed Molly's hand on my other side. Matt caught on right away. He ran his finger from my neck down between my breasts, across my abs, and down to my slit. I arched up slightly to meet his hand. He asked in a husky voice, "Are you ready for some male companionship or have you given up on men?"

I smiled and said, "Always, lover. All I've done with Molly is double my chances for a date on Saturday night." I held my arms up to him as he laughed at my rejoinder.
