 My name's Ellie – and I'm a slut.

Well, I must be – if you look in a dictionary, it describes me just right. Well, some of the time anyway. Most of the time, the dictionary is wrong about me. But then, every now and again, I get a deep aching in the base of my belly, an aching that reaches up to my breasts and down to my pussy, an aching that makes my nipples hard and my breasts and pussy tingle, an aching that will only go away if I behave like the slut I really am.

So when the aching comes, I book a holiday – and I ease that ache.

This is what happened the last time that ache came along, and I went away for a week. This is what happened on Sunday, the last day of my holiday.

*************************

Sunday

Even though I woke up early, I felt totally refreshed. Lucy was still asleep, curled up next to me. I rolled onto my side and propped my head up on my hand, gazing down at her and thinking about yesterday, about Lucy and her family. I'd found out that they lived only an hours drive away from me, so maybe today wouldn't be the time I would see her!

I rolled onto my back, my hands behind my head, feeling totally relaxed. I let my mind wander for a bit, thinking back over the last week. I started to feel restless as my pussy began to throb as I cast my mind back over the new friends I'd made. I slipped out of bed, and went to the bathroom. I wrapped a towel loosely around me, and headed for the balcony, deciding that as this was my last day I really wanted to make the most of it.

I leant over the balcony rail for a while, watching the hotel start to come to life. Below me, they were just getting the patio around the pool ready for what promised to be another hot day, while a few early starters took a swim before breakfast. I didn't hear Lucy until she was behind me, pressing herself against me, her hand slipping into the folds of the towel to cup my breasts. I could feel her nipples against my back as my own began to harden under her touch.

I turned around, my towel falling away at the front, and pulled her to me. We kissed each other "good morning", our naked breasts pressed together as our tongues explored slowly. As our lips parted, Lucy took a step back and looked me up and down, her eyes raking over my body.

"I think you need a shower," she laughed.

I looked down at my breasts and thighs, at my pussy, at the spots and smears of dried cum and juices that were still there from the night before.

"You can talk," I laughed, tracing a finger over her breasts, then down her belly to her shaved mound. 

I rubbed her clit lightly, feeling her shudder under my touch.

"Come on," she murmured, leading me back into my room, and towards the bathroom.

We showered together, washing each other slowly, carefully, our hands roaming freely over each others bodies. Afterwards we made love, our bodies still wet and slippery. We touched and kissed and sucked and licked each other to shattering orgasms, then lay back to enjoy the pleasure washing through us.

We talked about the day ahead. I suggested the beach in the morning and the pool for the afternoon. 

"Same part of the beach as the last time?" Lucy enquired, thinking about the part where it was okay to go more than just topless.

"Of course," I told her, a tremble going through me at just the thought of the sun on my naked body again.

We dressed quickly after that, pulling on bikinis, tight tee shirts and shorts that just about covered our asses. We just about had time for breakfast before the hotel restaurant closed, so we headed that way first.

As we arrived, Dave, Laura and Jake, Lucy's parents and brother, were just leaving. As soon as I saw them, my pussy throbbed at the thought of what I had done with them all the night before, at what I had seen them do to each other. We went to them, both of us sharing lingering kisses with each of them before they headed out to the pool, and we went for breakfast. After breakfast, we headed to the beach.

The mid morning sun was already hot as we crossed the road outside the hotel, and headed off down the sandy path that led to the beach. We pulled our tee shirts off, enjoying the sun – and the eyes of both the men and women we passed – on us. I loved the feel of my breasts moving as I walked, barely confined by my skimpy bikini top. 

We kicked our sandals off, and then walked along the edge of the sea until we found a free sun umbrella. We dragged the two sun beds out into the sun, and quickly stripped off. Our shorts went first, then our bikini tops. I gazed at Lucy, at her pert, tanned breasts, just as she stared at me, at my firm, rounded breasts. It was almost like the first time we had seen each other a couple of days before. I watched as her nipples darkened and hardened, feeling mine doing the same.

I looked away quickly, knowing that if I carried on looking at her like that then our stay on the beach would be very short. But Lucy wasn't so easily put off. She turned and stripped her bikini bottoms off, bending over at the waist to give me a perfect view of her ass, of her pouting pussy lips between her thighs.

"Come on," she teased me with a laugh.

I looked around, suddenly nervous at the thought of being naked in public again, even though it was allowed on this part of the beach. I reached for the strings that held my bikini together at the hips as I saw other people naked around us. But before I could tug on the strings, Lucy stepped forward and stood so close to me that our breasts were touching, our nipples rubbing together.

She took the strings from my hands and pulled them gently, letting the material drop away from me at the front and back, revealing my firm ass to anyone looking, but my plump, white mound only to her. She dragged my bikini bottoms forwards between my legs. I almost cried out as they dragged across my pussy, sliding deeply between my already wet lips.

Lucy stepped away, her eyes on mine, and nodded towards the sun bed beside me. I lay down quickly on my front, all too aware of how wet my pussy was. Lucy knelt beside me and dripped some sun tan oil on my back. I sighed as her hands ran over my back, sweeping from my shoulders down to my ass, then up again, running past the sides of my breasts. With one hand staying on my back, the other moved to my leg, smoothing oil into the backs of them, before easing down between them.

I felt her hand massaging the soft insides of my thighs, my legs easing apart as I groaned. I buried my face in a towel, trying to muffle my moans as they got louder, as Lucy's fingers searched for and found my pussy, one then two fingers slipping inside me. I arched my back, trying to push my ass upwards to meet Lucy's eager fingers, but Lucy pressed down on my back, trying to hold me still as she leant over me, masking what her fingers were doing from the people around us.

My ass clenched together softly as my pussy squeezed around Lucy's gently thrusting fingers, her moans almost as loud as mine. Her fingers moved faster, and were then rewarded with a gush of hot juices as I squeezed my thighs together, trapping her fingers inside me as I came, as my pleasure ran its course. 

Lucy pulled her fingers out of me, and then leant over to kiss me as I twisted my head towards her. She slipped her fingers between our lips, both of us licking my juices from them. I tried to take Lucy back to the hotel then, wanting her, needing her, but she persuaded me to stay, teasing both of us with what was surely to come later.

We stayed on the beach for the next few hours, enjoying our nakedness, the sun beating down on us, the occasional swim, being together – and the anticipation of what would happen later. After a few hours, we decided that we'd had enough of the beach and to head back to the hotel, and its swimming pool. We each pulled our shorts and tees shirts back on, quickly stuffing our bikinis, towels and other stuff into our bags.

We walked along the waters edge again, but at Lucy's suggestion diverted off to the beach bar for a cool drink. As I sat on a stool at the bar and sipped my drink, I thought back to the last time I'd been at the same bar, a few days before when I'd met Tom and Matt. Just the thought of them, and the night we'd spent together, made me tingle again.

"Come on," I told Lucy, "let's go."

She didn't need asking twice, and a few seconds later we had finished our drinks and where walking away from the beach. We hadn't gone more than a few yards when we felt the first drops of warm rain. We ignored them at first, but within what seemed liked seconds the sky had opened up and the rain was thundering down. 

I started to run, my breasts bouncing freely in my tee shirt, almost dragging Lucy along as I held her hand. We splashed through puddles, both of us soaked to the skin within seconds. We dashed across the road and started to head in the direction of our hotel. It was then that I heard the shouts.

"Ellie, Ellie, over here."

I slowed down and looked around, and then spotted Tom and Matt at the entrance to their hotel, beckoning us over to them as they stood out of the rain. We veered across and joined them, both of us panting as I introduced Lucy to the two of them. It was only then that I saw the almost glazed look in their eyes. I looked in the direction they were staring – straight at Lucy. 

She was soaked to the skin, her white tee shirt and shorts clinging to every inch of her lithe body. She looked more than just naked, her wet clothes clinging to her breasts and nipples, her belly and ass, even to her pussy. She looked at me, their eyes following hers – and I knew without looking down that my clothes were having the same effect, that I must look as naked as she did.

It was suddenly quiet as the thundering rain stopped as quickly as it started. Even so, we had no hesitation when Tom spoke.

"Do you want to come up and get dried off ... "

He didn't need to continue as Lucy nodded, as I followed her as she trailed behind Tom and Matt to the lift. None of us spoke in the lift, the men glancing across at us, at the way our clothes were like a second skin, the water still dripping off us. And we both looked at them, at the growing bulges in their shorts, all of us knowing that there was only one way this would end.

For a moment after we had all rushed into Matt and Tom's room there was an awkward silence. Beside me, I heard Lucy shiver.

"I think we'd better get out of these wet clothes," I told her.

I reached for the hem of my dripping wet tee shirt, and slowly peeled it upwards. There was a gasp as my breasts bounced free, my nipples dark and erect. There was another gasp from Tom and Matt as I turned to Lucy and peeled her tee shirt off, leaning forward to kiss her as our wet, naked breasts rubbed together. Slowly, we wriggled our wet shorts down our legs, bending over, giving Tom and Matt a view to remember.

I took Lucy's hand and led her towards were the two beds had been pushed together, visions of my night with Tom and Matt flicking through my mind. For a moment we stopped and stood at the end of the bed, Tom and Matt watching intently as we kissed again, our still wet skin slippery against each other as our tongues danced together. I led Lucy onto the bed, my eyes locked on hers as we knelt facing each other.

I looked down at her breasts, her nipples like dark pebbles perched at the very tips. I kissed her again, our hands moving over each others breasts. I heard the men gasp again as I leant forward and slowly licked Lucy's nipple, my tongue swirling around her taut flesh. I moved across to her other breast, my tongue trailing across the valley between them. Then I was sucking on her, drawing her nipple deep into my mouth as she moaned, her hand on my head holding me to her.

I broke away from her, kissed her softly on the mouth again, and then laid back on the bed, my arms above my head, my full breasts thrust upwards. They all stopped still for a moment, drinking in my nakedness. Matt and Tom stared at my pussy, newly shaved by Lucy, before watching in silence as she moved across to kneel beside me.

She reached down and caressed my breasts, rubbing my nipples until they became even harder, even darker. She bent down to suck them into her mouth, one at a time, before pushing my two breasts together to suck both nipples at the same time. As I sighed at the attention I was getting, I reached for Lucy's pert, tanned breasts. Tom and Matt watched us, their cocks in their hands, our hands and lips and tongues all over each other. As she bent over me, Lucy's ass was in the air, totally exposed to Tom and Matt, her juicy pussy peeking out from between her soft thighs.

With a moan, Tom and Matt started to pull the rest of their clothes off, their slender, hard cocks totally free at last. Matt moved across to the bed, laying beside Lucy, licking and sucking at her breasts, her nipples, her body. He glanced up and looked at Tom. He was still stroking his cock, but was now staring at Lucy, staring at her ass and her hot, wet pussy, a look of total lust in his eyes. Matt licked and nibbled at Lucy's ear, whispering to her.

"Tom wants you, wants to fuck you," Matt murmured to her, "I want to fuck you ... both of you."

She groaned softly.

"I want you both," she moaned, "Like Ellie had you both ..."

They all looked at me.

"Us girls share everything," I told them quietly, reaching out to stroke their cocks before turning to kiss Lucy again.

Tom quickly reached out for Lucy, pulling her to him. She slid across the bed and straddled him, kissing him passionately. Matt and I watched as she reached down and held Tom's cock, rubbing it against her pussy for the first time. And then we watched as she held the tip of Tom's cock against her pussy lips, pushing down onto him as he slipped easily inside her, as her pussy took his cock deep inside her body. 

Matt pulled me to him, his tongue forcing its way into my mouth, our lips locked together. He fucked my mouth with his tongue, his hands on my ass as he held me to him, his eyes never leaving the sight of Tom's cock moving in and out of Lucy's hot body, of her pussy slips clinging to him. I eased Matt towards them, holding his cock.

I stroked him slowly as I reached under Lucy, feeling Tom's cock sliding wetly between my fingers. I rubbed my wet fingers along Matt's cock, smearing Lucy's juices along his shaft. I felt him jerk, and heard him groan, as he watched me slipping my fingers inside my own pussy before pulling him closer and rubbing him against me, making his cock wetter and wetter. Once his cock was slick with our juices, I led him by the cock towards Lucy and Tom.

As Matt shuffled close behind them, I rested his cock against Lucy. Tom held still as Matt reached down and slid a finger into Lucy, running it along his friends cock. His own cock followed, stretching Lucy as he, as they, moved into her. We all groaned as their cocks disappeared inside her. I watched, my fingers on my clit, as they both started to move in and out of Lucy, her pussy tight around them, their cocks rubbing against each other as they fucked her.

I scrambled round to kneel over Tom's head, lowering my dripping pussy onto his mouth as I pulled Lucy's head towards my breasts. We fucked each other for long minutes, the intensity of our pleasure growing with every second. Lucy's moans became louder as Tom and Matt fucked her as fast and as deep as they dared, I moaned as Tom and Lucy sucked my pussy and nipples, as we all reached out to each other. Matt rubbed Lucy's ass, slipping a finger inside her as she cried out.

Matt pulled out of her pussy quickly, and pushed his wet cock against her ass. He pushed hard against her puckered hole, pushing slowly into her until his balls rested against her tight cheeks. I pulled her to me as she cried out, as she buried her face in my breasts. Matt reached under her and rubbed her clit as they fucked her, as Tom reached for her breasts and nipples, as we fucked and sucked and kissed and licked, as two cocks drove into Lucy.

We all came at once. Tom and Matt's cum erupted into Lucy's pussy and ass, before they pulled out, the rest of Matt's cum spraying over her ass and back, splashing onto me, as he stroked his cock frantically. Tom's cum shot between them, dripping onto him from her breasts and belly. I cried out as I came, Tom sucking deeply on my pussy, Lucy on my breasts. Matt crawled around Lucy, taking my other nipple into his mouth, sucking me hard.

We fell into a heap on the bed, our lust satisfied for now. Tom found us some beers from the fridge, before I led Lucy off to the bathroom for a shower to wash the cum and the juices from our bodies. When we got back, Tom took his turn while Matt lay back on the bed, shutting his eyes, his hands behind his head as Lucy and I wriggled up close to him, one of us each side.

Before long, we were each sucking a nipple, making Matt moan his appreciation. When Tom came back, he watched us for a moment before crawling onto the bed. He knelt between Matt's outstretched legs, before leaning forward to run his hands over each of our asses. We both watched wide eyed as Tom reached down and ran his hand over Matt's cock, stroking him before dipping his head and sucking him roughly into his hot mouth.

Matt opened his eyes slowly, smiling as he looked down and saw that Tom was looking up at him, his head bobbing up and down as he sucked on Matt's cock. I leant over and kissed Lucy, our hands sliding sensually over each other's bodies. But Matt wanted more, and eased us apart so that he could move. His cock popped out of Tom's mouth as he manoeuvred himself on the bed so that they could both get to each others long, hard cocks. Matt lay on his side opposite Tom, his head by his legs. Tom wriggled up, and sucked Matt's cock back into his hungry mouth just as Matt began to suck on his.

Next to them, I eased Lucy onto her back and then straddled her, my full breasts stroking along her body, across her pert nipples, as we kissed and sucked and licked at each other's wanton, wet pussies.

The room was filled with wet, sucking noises, licking noises, kissing noises, and with our soft moans and sighs. I moved away from Lucy as Matt rolled onto his back. I quickly sat on top of him, pushing down hard to drive his wet cock into my body. We both cried out instantly as he buried his cock deep inside me. Lucy straddled him as well, lowering her pussy onto his face as she reached forward to me, as our hands found each others breasts and nipples, as our mouths locked together, our tongues exploring.


Matt sucked on Lucy as he thrust his tongue into her, savouring the sweet taste of her as he pumped his cock into me. Tom joined us as Lucy and I eased apart so that he could slide his cock between our hot mouths. We sucked and licked him, sharing him as he pulled his cock out of one willing mouth and pumped it back into the other. We shared a kiss around his cock head, our lips and tongues swarming all over him.

Lucy reached down to rub my clit, her fingers finding Matt's cock as well as he fucked me. I reached for her as well as we sucked Tom's cock, as we cried out, as we all came and came, as cum and juices erupted from us, the room full of the sounds and smells of sex. Eventually we collapsed in a heap, panting for breath, holding each other. 

It seemed like ages before any of us could be bothered to move again, apart from reaching out and touching each other. Tom went off to the bathroom, and after a few minutes we heard the shower running. Lucy smiled at me, kissed me softly, and then went off to join Tom. Matt moved behind me as I lay on my side, his hard cock pressing against my ass, and then between my thighs and into my waiting pussy. I pressed back against him as we fucked slowly, as he reached around me for my breasts, as I twisted my head to kiss him.
