 AUTHOR'S NOTE: I received a request via e-mail from the UK to write this story. The lady told me the story line so I developed it around that. This story is completely fictional and there is no reference to any actual person. All names are fictitious and all characters are at least 18 years of age.

*

MEMORIES OF WIMBLEDON

Abigail Wilson had just received word that she was accepted as a volunteer for the Wimbledon tennis tournament. It had been a lifelong dream for her to serve as one of the ball girls and be on the court with some of the famous men and women tennis players. She had just turned 18 years old two months ago and although she was older than the other ball boys and girls she didn't care. Since she turned 12 she had dreamed of this day and she was ecstatic.

Abigail was an attractive young woman with light brown hair that she always wore in a pony tail. That style would come in handy as she would be wearing a ball cap for the next two weeks. She stood at 5'6" and weighed about 115 pounds. She had a smashing figure with 34B breasts and narrow 23" waist and a lovely bum that measured 36" around. She was not a beautiful girl by any means but she was attractive and very alluring. The boys always found her sexy.

When she turned 18 she allowed herself to be seduced by her current boyfriend and she gave up her virginity to him. Ever since she gave up her cherry to her boyfriend Tim, she and her boyfriend fucked whenever they could. Abigail loved to fuck and she liked it when Tim ate her pussy. Tim had also taught her how to suck his cock although she had not let him cum in her mouth. She would only suck his cock to get him hard so that he could fuck her. She did notice one thing about Tim and that was that he was obsessed with her bum. Often he would eat her pussy from behind so that he could play with her bum. Tim also liked to fuck her doggy style so that he could play with her fanny. 

ABIGAIL'S FIRST ASSIGNMENT

Abigail reported for duty the first day of the tournament. She had spent several days in training and she knew what was expected of her at the tournament. She looked even more alluring in her ball girl uniform. The uniform was a blue one piece tennis like dress with a matching ball cap. The uniform skirt was cut about 12" above her knees and showed off her shapely legs and luscious thighs. The panties were blue as well and when Abigail had to run and pick up balls her skirt flipped up and showed off her shapely round bottom. 

Abigail was assigned to the practice courts the first day and she was to accompany two of the top seeded French men players to the court. The practice courts were just about empty as many of the players were just getting settled in and there were several qualifying matches being played. Abigail was to stand by the side benches as the two French players practiced. She would make sure that they had towels, water and juice to drink. Periodically she would go on the court and pick up the balls for the players when they took a break. The two players, Henri and Andre, were very handsome young men in their early twenties. Both of them watched Abigail closely as she scurried around and picked up the practice balls.

As Abigail moved quickly around the court her skirt flew up giving the French players a good look at her round shapely ass and her well toned legs and thighs. Her breasts jiggled as she ran and it was obvious that she had ample firm tits. When Abigail bent over to pick up some stray balls her skirt rode up high enough to show off her panty covered pussy. The French players had a perfect view of her vulva outlined in the blue panties. Both Henri and Andre found themselves getting erections by watching the shapely ball girl.

Abigail noticed them talking to each other softly as they stole glances at her. She hoped that she was not doing anything wrong as she would not want to offend them. Abigail returned to the bench area and both players smiled at her. She smiled back at the handsome Frenchmen and she felt a little tingle in her body. She was thrilled to be the only ball girl working with two of the top seeded players. Henri and Andre took the court again and practiced for about another hour. This time they took off their tee shirts and Abigail watched the well toned bodies move about the court. 

When they were finished practicing they walked back to the bench area as Abigail scurried around and picked up the practice balls. When she returned to the bench area Henri asked her for a dry towel. Then he surprised her by asking her to wipe down his back. Abigail did as she was requested but her hands shook as she wiped the sweat off of Henri.

"What is your name?" Henri asked her.

"It's Abigail," she replied nervously.

"That is a pretty name. I am Henri and he is Andre," Henri said in the manner of introductions.

Abigail was gaga over their French accents and her hands trembled some more. Then Andre asked her to wipe his back down as well. Abigail blushed as she took a fresh towel and wiped Andre's back.

"How old are you Abigail? You seem older than the other girls."

"I am 18 years old," she replied in a shaky voice. 

Henri and Andre looked at each other and raised their eyebrows in approval. Abigail would have no way of knowing but Andre and Henri had shared the same woman many times in the past. Abigail noticed that Henri had moved very close to her as she wiped the sweat of Andre's back. Then Henri took a towel and dropped to his knees next to Abigail.

"It seems that your legs are a little sweaty from all that running around. I will wipe them for you," Henri said as he ran the towel over Abigail's calves. 

Abigail felt like she had been hit with an electric bolt. She stood still with her fists clenched and her eyes closed not knowing what to do or how to act. Henri ran the towel up her calves to her thighs and he got dangerously close to her panties. Abigail shivered as his hands moved off the towel and ran over her bare legs and thighs.

"You have very beautiful legs Abigail." Henri said as he continued to caress them.

"I don't think that you should be touching me that way," Abigail feebly protested.

"But I have just started and Andre has not had the pleasure yet," Henri replied confidently. 

Andre then stepped up behind Abigail and he placed his hands on her buttocks. He had raised her short skirt and cupped each buttock in one of his hands. Abigail stiffened at the gesture but she still stood frozen to the ground seemingly powerless to move. Then Andre slipped his hands inside her panties and fondled the cheeks of her ass. Abigail gasped at his touch but she was thankful that her panties still covered her cunny. But then Henri pulled her panties down to her mid thighs baring her cunny. Now the two Frenchmen fondled her fanny and fingered her cunny. 

"You really mustn't touch me like that. You should not be touching my fanny and my cunny," Abigail gasped.

"But my dear your pussy is so wet that it tells me that you like it," Henri told her.

It was true her cunny was dripping wet but she had to stop them. They were still on the court although no one was around someone could come to check on them. 

"Please stop we are on the court and someone may see us," Abigail pleaded.

"She's right Andre, someone may come by. We should move to another area," Henri agreed but then he pulled her panties all the way down and off her legs and said, "We want to be sure that you do not run away."

Henri and Andre then picked up their tennis bags and walked with Abigail between them. They guided her over to an isolated area where there was a back drop concealing their presence. As they walked they fondled her buttocks and pinched them slightly. By the time they arrived at the area. Abigail was ready to do anything she was so turned on. Henri and Andre dropped their tennis bags and then they stripped off their tennis clothes except for their shoes. Abigail looked at their impressive erect uncut cocks and she determined that both of them were bigger than her boyfriend's. Abigail also noticed that they were tan all over and she knew that they did their share of nude sunbathing. They were a stark contrast to her lily white skin.

Henri knelt in front of her and Andre knelt behind her with their erect cocks bobbing in front of them. They caressed her thighs, pubes and fanny and then they planted kisses on her thighs and buttocks. Chills ran through Abigail's body and goose bumps appeared on her naked skin. She knew that she should do something to make them stop. She should run away from even without her panties but instead she stood still and let them have their way with her.

Henri played with her cunny and fingered her tenderly as Andre continued to caress and kiss her fanny. Abigail's cunny was dripping wet and then she felt the unmistakable touch of a tongue in her cunny. Henri began to kick her vulva and probe her with his tongue. Henri was very good at eating pussy and he knew just how to get a woman excited. His tongue wormed its way into Abigail's vagina and he quickly located her engorged clit. Henri was pleased that her clit was so swollen and he gently nibbled on it. Abigail grabbed Henri's head as he worked on her cunny and clit. Then Abigail felt another tongue slipped between the cheeks of her fanny. Her body shook with desire as the two tongues probed her most intimate body parts. 

Then the tongue left her fanny as Andre stood up behind her. At the same time Henri reached around and grabbed Abigail by her bottom and pulled her closer to him as he plunged his tongue into her cunny. Abigail felt the zipper on her uniform lowered and then her arms were lifted out of the sleeves. The top of the uniform momentarily fell down to her waist and along with her short skirt covered Henri's head. Andre unfastened her bra and slid it down and off her arms. Abigail's ample firm breasts toppled free and were caressed by the cool air. Her nipples were rock hard from all the sexual stimulation. 

Andre reached around and took her breasts in his hands and gently massaged them. He rolled her hard nipples in his fingers and squeezed them ever so lightly. Both Frenchmen were extremely gentle with her as they worked her into a state of arousal. Andre then lifted her uniform up and off her body and tossed it over the tennis bags. Abigail now stood completely naked except for her tennis shoes and tiny socks. She looked down and watched as Henri buried his face in her cunny and licked at her clit.

Abigail felt that familiar surge in her loins and she knew she was about to cum. Henri licked away and caressed her buttocks as Andre continued fondling her breasts. Abigail then felt it as her entire body shook in orgasm. She grabbed Henri's head tighter as she fought to keep her balance. She screamed softly as the crescendo rocked her and she drenched Henri's face with her cunny juice. Abigail felt weak and faint from the intensity of her orgasm then she felt her body being lowered to the ground.

Andre had spread out some towels and Abigail laid back on them. She watched Henri as he moved between her legs with his impressive cock standing straight out from his body. Abigail knew that he was going to fuck her and at that moment she was glad that she wasn't a virgin. Henri eased his cock into her cunny and began to fuck her slowly. He leaned over and kissed Abigail on the lips and she tasted her cunny juice on his lips. It was the first time she ever tasted herself and she found it to be somewhat pleasant. 

Henri started to pick up the pace fucking her as he was so hot that he knew that he would cum soon. Abigail felt her body heating up again as the handsome French tennis player fucked her steadily. She felt his cock rub along her swollen clit and she knew that she would soon have another intense orgasm. Then she felt Henri's body stiffen as his cock emptied its contents in her womb. Blast after blast of French cum shot into her and she felt her cunny fill up as Henri seemed to cum in buckets. Henri's body then went limp and he lay still with his throbbing cock in her cunny. Abigail was disappointed that he came just before she had as she was so close.

But Abigail wasn't disappointed for long as Henri withdrew his cock from her cunny and moved away. He was immediately replaced by Andre who pushed his rock hard cock into her cunny. Andre fucked her quickly in search of his release which was long overdue. Abigail again felt the tingling in her womb as Andre rubbed his cock along her clit. This time she wasn't disappointed as she came just before he did. Instinctively her arms and legs wrapped around Andre's torso as her body shook with the intensity of her second orgasm. Abigail's movements sent Andre over the edge and he fired rounds of cum deep into her womb. Andre felt Abigail's vaginal muscles clenching and releasing his cock almost as if she were milking it dry. He was pleased that Abigail had such a nice pussy.

Abigail was surprised as she was then placed on all fours. Henri got behind her and slipped his rejuvenated cock back into her cunny. He caressed her buttocks as he fucked her and even tickled her nether hole with his finger. Then Abigail watched as Andre knelt in front of her and offered his cock to her mouth. Abigail had never taken a cock in her mouth after in had been in her cunny or after it had ejaculated but as if in a trance she opened her mouth to receive Andre's shaft. Abigail could taste the co-mingled juices of her cunny and his semen as she sucked the cock. The taste passed quickly though and it wasn't that unpleasant. 

Andre reached under Abigail and played with her breasts as she sucked on his cock. All the while Henri continued to fuck her and play with her fanny. He had wet his finger a few times and tested Abigail's anus. Henri found it to be very tight and he was certain that she was an anal virgin. He would have loved to sink his cock into her scrumptious ass but he decided against it. There would be another time with Abigail in a private setting and he would take her ass then.

"You have lovely breasts," Andre told her as he continued to massage the firm beauties.

Abigail wanted to say thank you but it was difficult with a mouth full of cock. Then Henri complimented her.

"Yes Abigail you have a very sweet pussy and a gorgeous derriere," Andre said as he continued to fuck her and caress her bum.

Abigail took note of how the Frenchmen called it her pussy instead of her cunny. She actually liked the sound of the word pussy especially with their French accents. Abigail then felt Andre's hands move from her breasts to her head and she sensed that he was about to cum in her mouth. No one had ever cum in her mouth and instinctively Abigail pulled back to discharge his cock from her oral cavity. But Andre held her head firmly as he approached his orgasm. Abigail stopped sucking on his cock but it didn't matter as Andre was so close. Abigail felt the large cock throb in her mouth and then spew its discharge into her. She was startled not only by his cumming in her mouth but by the volume and force of his ejaculation. Abigail's mouth filled up quickly and she didn't know what else to do but swallow as rapidly as she could. 

Andre shot several streams of cum into her mouth and he was pleased with Abigail as she swallowed every drop. Andre didn't know that he was the first one to cum in her mouth. Abigail had her first taste of male cum. She was more shocked than repulsed by the act. The Frenchmen's semen had now settled in her tummy and only the aftertaste remained in her mouth. Once again she was surprised that his cum did not taste that bad. As she thought of her act of debauchery she momentarily forgot about Henri. Abigail was then brought back to reality when she felt Henri grabbed her buttocks firmly as he ejaculated in her cunny again. 

The two Frenchmen were not done with Abigail yet however. She remained on all fours as the two players changed positions. This time she sucked on Henri's cock as Andre fucked her from behind. Once again they played with her fanny and breasts as they fucked her cunny and mouth. Abigail was to receive male loads in her mouth and cunny once more before the two players were done. Once again Abigail swallowed cum this time from Henri's cock and her pussy was filled with Andre's seed. She was amazed and impressed at their stamina and the amount of cum the two of them could produce.

Abigail was burning with desire after the sex marathon as no one had touched her clit in hours. The Frenchmen sensing this pleasured her once more before they left the area. Abigail lay back down on the towels and Andre got between her legs and ate her pussy. Henri knelt beside her and sucked on her tits and nipples. Abigail was surprised that Andre would eat her pussy after they had cum in her but it didn't seem to deter him. They had her writhing once again in orgasm and Andre kept his mouth fastened to her cunny as she lifted her hips off the ground and drenched his face with her cunny juice.

The three of them then used the bottled water and towels to clean up the best they could. Then they dressed and walked back to the main area as if nothing unusual had happened. Abigail felt as if everyone at Wimbledon knew what she had just done. The two French players talked with her as if they were just returning from their practice session putting Abigail at ease.

When they reached the area where they would split off Andre whispered in Abigail's ear, "There are no matches on Sunday. Henri and I would like you to join us in our suite."

Andre gave Abigail the hotel location and suite number and then they parted. She would have a whole week to decide what to do but somehow she already knew that she would go to them. After she got home that evening and went to bed that night, Abigail reflected on her day with the two Frenchmen. Her nipples swelled and ached slightly with desire and from the attention they had received that day. Her cunny tingled and was very tender from all the fucking it received that day. Abigail let her hands roam over her body and her fingers danced on her clit. She was very gentle with her tender clit as she masturbated and achieved another orgasm before she dozed off and slept soundly. 

THE EARLY MATCHES AT WIMBLEDON

Abigail worked the early round matches for a couple of days and she had no more encounters with Henri, Andre or any other tennis player. She worked some of the side courts and Court 2 but she had yet to be on center court. On Thursday she worked the early matches and then she was assigned to a practice court in the afternoon. Abigail was thrilled to learn that Henri and Andre had both won their first two matches,

Abigail arrived at the practice court and she only saw one female player on the court. The woman introduced herself and she was one of the French women who were also seeded in the top six. The woman introduced herself as Amelie. Abigail was intrigued that she had been assigned to yet another French player. Amelie told Abigail that she wanted to work on her serve so Abigail set up the ball hopper for her and then stood aside.

Amelie served to the deuce court using half of the hopper and then she served to the add court using the remaining balls. Amelie then took a break as Abigail picked up all the balls. Amelie repeated her service drills several times during a two hour practice session. Abigail picked up the balls for the last time as Amelie toweled off and drank some water. Abigail then stood by the bench awaiting Amelie's instructions.

"Abigail, I requested your services today," Amelie said with a sultry smile.

"You did?" Abigail asked in surprise.

"Oh yes, you come highly recommended from Henri and Andre."

Abigail turned beet red and she thought to herself, "Oh my God he told her what we did." 
