 It's funny really, how a memory can come at you years later and be as real as it was at the time. I hadn't seen her for more than twenty years. I was stood in the queue at Greggs thinking of the steak bake I would have when I saw her. She hadn't changed that much, the years had been kind. She still had the figure that was neither thin nor fat, still had the long black hair and the looks that had captured me such a long time ago. 

She turned, said something to the surly teenager beside her then spotted me. For a few seconds she looked flustered, a blush even crept over her face, then she turned away. As she left she made sure we never made eye contact. It was then the memories came back in force. I had to push them to one side as I could feel my cock rise, not something you want to happen in Greggs. 

Later I allowed the memories to return. We were nearly 19 when we first met and it was lust at first sight. She was the first girl I'd known who was up for it, anywhere at any time. She loved sex as much as I did which was rare back then.

At that age you didn't get much time to be alone so had to make do wherever you could. She had a long coat which she would unbutton and pull me in. Leaning at the back of the bush shelter I would feel her up, rub on her tits then move down. Hand up her skirt I would push aside the tiny knickers she always wore and feel her wet pussy, pushing in a finger then two I would feel her tense and grow wetter. I would circle her clit with my thumb and feel her cum. 

If there was still no one about she would rub me off till I would grunt and cum on her hand. Or if it was dark enough she would kneel before me, unzip my fly and take me deep in her mouth. I could feel her gag a little as she liked to feel me deep. She had this trick that could make me cum where she would cup my balls and rub her tongue over my throbbing head and always swallowed as much because she liked it as well as it stopped staining her clothes. 

But the memory that came back the most was a hot sunny day in July. We'd not had chance for as much as a fumble for a week when we had some time together, or so we thought. She met at my house as my parents always went out Friday afternoon but that day they were waiting for a new fridge to arrive. At hers her sister came home and settled down for the day. With no other choice we went out in my car to the country spot we had used many times. 

My car was old and small, all I could afford at that time but we chugged along to our regular spot. She'd put on stockings and a dress that covered her modesty when not pulled up. She wore a boob tube bra and a button up blouse so she could get almost naked but be able to dress quickly if someone came along. 

We were parked up, her skirt was up and my fingers had parted her panties, they were the kind that was tied at the side so easy to get off. My fingers were inside the fabric, feeling her soft downy hair, dark black and full on. Nobody shaved a pussy in those days. Her boob tube was down and her blouse open wide. Her exposed tits were firm, though not huge they were a good size, her hard nipples showed how excited she was. I fingered her for a while and was about to pull them out and suggest we went outside to fuck when a loud bang on the roof of the car was followed by a shout to get out of the way. 

The irate farmer soon had us moving on with hearts beating faster. My cock had left me but would soon come back when we found somewhere else. I drove through a couple of villages and was driving down a hill when I felt the car begin to fail. It wasn't long before it made a bang and then stopped. We both sighed with frustration. The car was stopped outside a cottage with some other house all round so we couldn't even get a quick one in before we rang for help. 

A full wooden gate opened and after a brief conversation with a man we went inside to ring for help. The garage said it would be late on before they could get out. I told her the news. Another two guys had arrived and where showing her some photo albums. Apparently a photo club was meeting there, another turned up as she flicked through the albums listening to them explain about light, that sort of thing. 

One page showed a woman lay topless on a beach. It was a long range shot, the man who had took it explained about zoom lenses but she wasn't really listening. There were six of them now. All with cameras, professional looking ones. They had film that would develop at the house so they didn't need to use Boots to get pictures developed. There was no digital in those days. 

It was hot so we all went out in the garden, she sat on a pretty looking garden swing with flowers up the sides. Have to say she looked lovely and so did the others. One asked if he could take her picture, then they all did. She posed in various parts of the garden, looking to me to see if it was ok. A couple of buttons on her blouse were undone which set of a flurry of shots. 

I could see she was enjoying it so when one asked if she could take off her bra for some tasteful shots with her blouse on I nodded agreement. I don't think at first that she realised that the way they asked her to stand in the light made her top almost invisible, her magnificent tits were fully exposed but it didn't make a difference when she saw what they were doing, in fact she seemed to enjoy it even more. 

Soon her top was off, for a while her hand cupped her breast but that wasn't for long. Her skirt was next, they seem to all asp together when they saw her stockings which meant the cameras clicked even faster, taking as many as they could before she called a halt. 

One side of her panties was undone, then the next until she was naked. By now she was the page 3 girl and more, kneeling down so her tits hung low, arse in the air with legs open, on her back, legs spread showing how wet she was. She looked to me and I knew what she wanted.

There was a sunbed on a stone patio, it wide and had a soft blue cushion on it. She motioned me over. 

"Let's give them a show." She whispered as she took out my cock and took it in her mouth. After a few minutes I felt my cum rise so stood back, laid her down and used my tongue on her, feeling her cum inside a few minutes but knowing she wanted more. I felt her tense ready again but then stopped. Getting naked I slid inside her. She had never been as wet before. I was in control now and though still young made it so I could last an age. I took her from all kinds of angles, form the back, her on top facing front then back. With her legs around my waste, over my shoulders, getting in deep and feeling the strain from my balls. They wanted to empty, when it happened I came deep inside with a long moan and grunt and moved off so they could get a close up of her pussy dripping with my cum. 

One asked if he could pose as if he had done it. We laughed and he moved onto her while his friends clicked away. He moved forward a bit more so his cock head was just inside her, then he grunted. 

"Did you just cum inside me?" She asked shocked for a moment. 

He said sorry a dozen times, hadn't known what had come over him, he was a virgin, it was his first time, the first time he had even seen a naked woman before. It turns out they all were. The called themselves the Virgin Club. It was then we noticed they were all as naked as we, all with cocks straining. I winked at her, it could be fun. 

She stood up looking a bit shocked and looked for her clothes. They picked them and handed them over all saying grateful thanks for what she had done. Then I could see her change. She was in control and knew it, it was obviously a great turn on. She sat on the sunbed, as if deliberating whether she should stay or go.

The man closest next to her, like the others was a good ten years older than us but looked like a school boy waiting for permission to eat cake. He was rather fat and probably the most unattractive of them all but she lay back and nodded to him. 

He didn't need to be invited twice. He was on her in seconds and finished almost as quickly. Not bothering to clear up any cum dripping from her the next was soon inside. A dozen strokes later he pulled out to try and last a bit longer but instead left a long stream of cum all over her belly. The next didn't mind, he couldn't wait and lay on top, when he'd finished his friends cum was on him as well. 

She'd counted six and had expected to get dressed but the first was hard again. She laughed but let him on her again. 

"Slow down. You will last longer." She said. He tried his best but again was finished quickly. The next asked for her to turn around. Others watched him pound her. She was almost ready herself but he couldn't last. Another took his place but his cock wasn't very big and couldn't get the hang of it. She turned around. He was stood up, looking embarrassed. A smile from her picked him up, his cock hardened and she pulled him closer, taking his cock in her mouth. .

She swallowed him and another two before the next lay her on her back. He did himself proud but still she didn't get a release. If I'm honest I could have fucked her again quite easily but thought of all that cum put me off. The last to have her when finished put a finger inside and licked off a glob of cum. She told him to lie down. 

All cameras were clicking again as she sat on his face, holding a hand over her dripping pussy so little leaked out until she was on his mouth. He was licking and sucking but she was rubbing herself off on him. Her tits were bouncing as she writhed on his face not cat caring who watched, just desperate to feel the release of an orgasm. When it came she cried out and shuddered. 

I kind of guilt came over us then so we were glad when one said he would take us home and make sure the car was fixed. 

That night we talked about what we had done and how she had felt, how exciting it was but a few weeks later she had a pregnancy scare. I was a bit of a dick and didn't react well. Seven of us had, had her and could have been the father. When the scare was over we parted. A couple of years later I met one of the guys, he told me she had met them twice more before settling down with a guy who owned a plumbing company. 

I guess if I had been more mature I would still be fucking her instead of stroking over the memory.