 Raymond Fields lay on his hotel bed bored and lonely. He hated these extended business trips. Thirty days on the road always led to boredom. This trip seemed worse then most. The assignment he was on did not require any overtime, which left him with way too much free time to fill. In the ten days he had been in Memphis, Ray had already seen every pay-per-view, porn and regular, on the hotel system. He knew what he really needed was someone to share the oversized Jacuzzi and king-sized bed in his room.

Since he had no significant other, Ray had no travel companion for long trips. Actually Ray preferred the lone wolf life. At home he had enough friends who were regular bedmates to keep his horniness in check when new conquests weren't happening. On the road he usually managed to find one or two local partners. This trip his co-workers all seemed to be mated for life so nothing doing there. Ray had tried a few of the bars near his hotel but had not found any companionship yet. Tonight he was going to walk the two blocks to Beale Street and check out the famous Memphis music scene. He didn't hold out any hope for finding action in those clubs, but hell he thought a night of booze and good music would at least relieve the boredom.

Ray put on his favorite sex-hunting outfit anyway and headed for the lobby. At 40 Ray was still as fit has he had been when he was a three-sport star in college. Ray's perfectly proportioned tall body caused a few heads to turn as he headed down the street. Ray's unassuming nature seemed to indicate he had no idea that he was unusually handsome. His eyes were a startling shade of blue and his thick wavy brown hair did not have a fleck of gray yet. He wore a stylish short-cropped mustache and goatee. 


Ray turned the corner and joined the throng of Elvis worshipping tourists on Beale Street. He was amused by the endless places that were ready to take the rubes' dollars. As he searched for the joint his local coworkers recommended he read the neon signs that seemed to scream out for attention. He began to think his coworkers had misled him, as the addresses were way off from the one he had been given. He looked up at the numbers painted above the door to a place called 'Elvis Presley's Memphis Restaurant'. The sign promised cooking like Elvis' mom made. The only reason he didn't double over laughing was the concern he had when he saw the numbers 126 and realized he must be at least a few of miles from the address he was given.

Ray walked to the curb and climbed into a waiting cab. By the time the cab pulled to the curb again, Ray could see he was clearly no longer in the glitzy part of town meant for tourists. When Ray paid the cabbie, the driver offered his card.

"Look, y'all should give ol' Billy at the dispatch a call 'bout 20 minutes for'in you be wantin to go back to the hotel. Wouldn't be a right smart idear, for a handsome rich looking yankee to be hanging on the street here abouts later. Just tell Billy that I said I would fetch ya," the cabbie said and flashed a big toothy grin.

Ray pocketed the card and thanked the driver as he stepped out on the sidewalk. He wondered a bit what he might be getting into as he looked around the mostly deserted area. Though it was very run down, it really didn't seem like such a bad neighborhood. Besides he had been in some really rough places in his time and he could handle himself pretty well. 

Ray chuckled when he saw the sign on the dingy storefront that led to the recommended spot. Underneath the neon sign that despite several burned out letters, Ray knew said 'Sammy's Pit', was a very cliché, dancing pigs sign. Below the pigs, the neon once spelled out 'Blues, BBQ and Booze'. Ray pushed open the door and stepped into the dark café. Before his eyes adjusted well enough to see in the dimly lit entrance, Ray could hear the music playing in the back room. It was good old southern jazz and the band sounded as if they were born to play the instruments. His immediate thoughts were that indeed it would be a pleasant evening. A big man that reminded Ray of Bubba from the movie Forest Gump walked up to the old wooden podium that served as a host station. 

"Y'all want a table or will ya be settin to the bar?" he asked Ray nonchalantly as if he didn't care if Ray stood in the doorway all night.

Ray asked for a table where the music was playing. Bubba led him back through the café. Ray took his seat and ordered a draft and a shot of sipping whisky as the waiter handed him the hand-typed menu. Ray never drank whisky and beer together, but somehow it seemed to be the thing to do at Sammy's Pit. As he waited for his drink, Ray surveyed the room. 

There was a mahogany bar running the length of the far wall. Between the shelves that held bottles of every imaginable kind of liquor hung large ornately framed oil paintings. Ray could see that this was once a very nice joint or perhaps a high-class brothel based on the subject of the paintings. They appeared to be a series depicting a romanticized version of a Roman orgy painted in a bygone era, a time when desirable women were voluptuous in more then just their breasts. No anorexic babes for Sammy's place. 

The tables and bar stools were about half filled with a very mixed group of clearly local patrons. The band had five members, piano, drums and three horns. The older gentleman singing could have given Louis Armstrong and Mel Torme lessons in smooth. 

Ray ordered dinner when the waiter returned with his drink. He opted for Sammy's Platter, which included, if he was reading the misspelled menu correctly, generous heaps of shredded beef and pulled pork BBQ, a half rack of Sammy's smoked ribs smoothed in hot sauce, a pot of momma's down home beans and a mess of Sammy's home-fried potatoes. Ray left his question unasked, preferring to sit and enjoy his wisecrack alone. 

"Will I actually be able to feel my arteries hardening when the lard soaked potatoes go down and do you have a crash cart handy?" 

Ray sipped down about half the shot of whiskey and then took a long pull on his beer. The whisky was good, very smooth; the beer decidedly cheap and bitter. The band struck up a peppy number and several couples headed toward the dance floor. The young couple in the booth next to Ray's table got up to join the dancers. Ray took notice of them when he sat down. He imagined most everyone took notice of the sexy couple; they were the type of people that just somehow demanded you take notice. They appeared to be somewhere in their mid-twenty's, though they may have just been so attractive they looked younger. Both were wearing what Ray would call "come fuck me" outfits, however they were clearly a couple that had been together for some time.

Ray watched the couple dance as he finished his shot. They were doing a sort of modified jitterbug. Ray was impressed with the couple's style and their uninhibited merry-making. The sexy couple stood out from the group on the small dance floor as they brought the sleepy little joint to life. The strong young man easily tossed his hot partner around in perfect time to the beat. Her short skirt rode up frequently exposing her sexy garters and thong, as well as her taught round ass-cheeks. When the number finished and the dance stopped, the audience applauded as much for the dancers as for the band. 

The next song was a slow sultry jazz tune. The singer who earlier had invoked Satchmo was now melting the ladies panties ala Barry White. The couple remained on the dance floor, their bodies pressed tightly together, moving as one to the sensual rhythm of the music. The man unashamedly caressed his lover's ass as she ground her sex against his thigh. All eyes were now glued to the couple. Ray felt his heart quicken as he watched the man's hips move in a familiar fashion. Although unseen, Ray knew the man was rubbing his bulging manhood against his lady. Ray felt a stirring in his pants as the couple moved so that the woman's back was to the room. As her hips swayed to the sensual beat the man nonchalantly raised her skirt giving the room the treat of a full view of her sweet alluring ass, which was left fully exposed by the tight black thong she wore. After a few quick caresses of her naked flesh the song came to an end, as did the dance and the show. The audience applauded and whistled. There was no question who they were applauding this time. The smile on the bandleaders face indicated that was just fine with him.

As the couple tried to make their way back to their table, a waiter serving a large party blocked them. The couple was stopped right next to Ray. The woman's sexy, nylon-cover thighs were just inches from Ray's knee. Ray smiled at the couple and told them how much he had enjoyed their dance. In return he heard the sexiest, sweetest, southern voice he had ever had the pleasure to hear.

"Well airn't y'all a sweetie? We don't giet too many nice gentlemen from outta town in Sammy's. I am Susie and this here is my man Jimmy," she said extending her hand.

Though he never before had done so, Ray took her hand and kissed it softly, because it just felt right. The sweet southern fox, giggled. Then Ray did something that he was surprised by, he turned on his come to my room and fuck me charm. He had no idea why since the lady was clearly taken.

"Very happy to know you Susie. I am Ray and you are about the nicest, sweetest, sexiest thing I have seen in Memphis, sweetie," Ray practically cooed in his rich baritone.

Remembering Jimmy, Ray turned, extended his hand and smiled, "Hope you don't mind me saying how sexy your lady is Jimmy. With some women it just isn't possible to not tell them, but I am sure you hear it all the time. Hell, I bet she has to listen to the ladies cooing over you too. In fact you are about the hottest couple I think I have ever met."

Ray wondered if the sipping whiskey had already gone to his head. He was never so forward with strange men. For a second, Ray was a bit nervous that he might have over done it. Then the man took Ray's hand and shook it hardily while clasping him on the shoulder with his other hand.

"Hell, friend, I am right proud of my lady. I think it is bout the hottest thing there is when other folks notice how damn sexy she is," Jimmy said grinning. 

He winked at Ray as Susie said, " We can't have such a charming visitor to our favorite spot sitting alone eating, now can we sexy? Will you join us, Ray?

Susie smiled warmly at Ray, encouraging him to say yes. Ray figured what the hell, he could use the company and even though she was clearly taken, she was stunning eye candy. The waiter had moved on and the couple slid into their booth. To Ray's surprise they took opposite sides and Susie patted the spot next to her, indicating Ray's place. As Susie had slid across the worn leather bench, her skirt had ridden up and Ray could not help taking a good look at her exposed upper thighs. Ray had an immediate reaction upon seeing her frilly stocking tops, lacey garters, and exposed tanned flesh. When he looked across at Jimmy, Ray realized he had been caught ogling the man's woman. 

Jimmy just smiled and said casually, "Right purty,. ain't she?"

Ray managed to stammer an answer, "Er..Um.. yes Jimmy, this is some woman you got here!"

Susie giggled, leaned over and kissed Ray's cheek. She told him he was a real sweetie and then asked if he was on of those Yankee charmers her daddy warned her about.

The three of them laughed, talked, ate, drank and listened to the music. Ray was having the best time he could remember having in years and two hours had passed before he knew it. He was conscious of Susie rubbing against him as they enjoyed the evening, but took it as a natural occurrence of booth sitting or maybe some innocent flirting. Perhaps the couple got hot flaunting her to strangers and then went home and fucked each other like beasts, Ray thought. Whatever, he didn't care, they were nice folks and he was having a great time. Besides, he now knew who was going to star in tonight's fantasy when he stroked himself to orgasm before sleep. The brief daydream was broken when the band returned from their break and began to play an up tempo number.

Susie turned to Ray, put her hand on his thigh and said, "Hey Ray hun, y'all wanna dance?"

"Good idea, baby, see if you can teach our Yankee friend some good ol' southern moves!" Jim piped up enthusiastically.

Ray tried to protest, say that they should dance and he would enjoy watching. Jimmy said that that was nonsense and that good southern hospitality demanded he offer his wife to be the dance partner of his guest. Jim added that it would give him a chance to watch his sexy lady's moves. Ray wasn't sure if it was the amount of Rebel Yell he had consumed or if the couple was actually seducing him, but he was becoming convinced he was going to be offered more then just a dance before the night was through. Ray began to imagine the hot southern stud watching as he romped with Susie.

Ray slid out of the booth, hoping his semi-erect cock wasn't too obvious. He extended his hand to help Susie out of the tight space and was treated to the best show yet. Susie made no attempt to prevent her skirt form riding up to her waist. Ray's eyes traveled up the tiny thong that covered no more then the opening to paradise. Her neatly cropped small bush, actually more of a landing strip, peaked out from the sides of the thong, confirming she was a natural strawberry blonde. Susie jumped up, fixed her skirt and led the slightly stunned Ray by the hand to the dance floor. Ray caught just a glimpse of the huge grin on Jimmy's face as Susie drug him away.

Ray clearly was not the dancer Jimmy was. However, he managed to do all right with Susie's guidance. After two up-tempo songs, Barry White returned. Ray attempted to head back to the table figuring it would be inappropriate to dance with Susie to the sensual melody now playing. 

Susie grabbed his hand pulled him close and cooed, "Where y'all goin? I sure enough haven't finished and I reck'on a gentleman won't be leaving a lady wanting."

Susie slid into his arms and pressed her body close to his. Ray could feel her heat as they swayed to the slow erotic melody. Susie pressed tighter and let her fingers dance over his taught muscles. Ray felt a twinge of discomfort knowing his swelling cock was pressing into her. Susie had no such concerns as she seductively rubbed herself against his bulging slacks.

Susie moved her lips to Ray's ear, flicked his earlobe with her tongue and purred, " Mmmmmmmm, I see my dance excites you the same as it does my Jimmy."

Ray heard himself moan something about her being a hot southern tease as his hands pressed into her back pulling her tight to his body. He then purposefully ground his manhood into her, simulating making love to her.

Susie bit his earlobe softly, whispered, "I am no, tease, sweetie," and began to French kiss his ear, letting her warm, wet, soft, sensual tongue dance all around the ridges of Ray's ear.

Ray let his hands drop to her ass and began inching her skirt up as he had watched Jimmy do earlier. Ray figured she would try to stop him any second or Jimmy would be grabbing him by the collar and tossing him in the gutter soon. However, Ray cared not at this point, he was going to touch the fucking tease's hot naked ass flesh before he got his eye blackened and his nose broken. To Ray's surprise Susie just cooed and continued assaulting his ear with her tongue as he raised her skirt and exposed her ass. He looked over and saw several band members smiling as his fingers gingerly touched her sensitive skin for the first time. Susie ran her tongue over Ray's cheek and then kissed him deeply as her hands went to his ass and squeezed hard, encouraging Ray to be bolder. Ray turned her so her ass was facing the room, looked over to see Jimmy was still sitting at the table smiling and watching and began to kneed her supple ass cheeks as he ground his cock into her abdomen. The music came to an end after another minute but Ray and Susie remained in each other's arms for a few seconds, panting with lust for one another.

Then Susie said, "hun, I gotta pee! Be a good boy and order me another drink and I will meet you at the table."

Susie pinched Ray's ass and sashayed off to the ladies room. Leaving Ray standing alone a bit nervous about returning to the table and seeing Jimmy. But he figured oh well, Jimmy had made no move to stop the dance so maybe he really was into sharing his hot wife. Ray stopped the waiter asked him to bring another round to the table and went to rejoin Jimmy. 

"Dancing is thirsty work! Susie wanted another drink and I needed one so I went ahead and ordered you one too. Hope you don't mind my presumptuousness?" Ray said as he slid onto the booth seat across from Jimmy.

Jimmy smiled and said, "You're the guest, Ray. Glad to see you are learning to take advantage of our hospitality. You and Susie looked hot up there!"

Before Ray had a chance to reply, Jimmy said he needed to return some of the beer he had been drinking and headed off toward the bathrooms. Ray wasn't sure if Jimmy would be going to the one with the bull on the door or joining Susie in the one with the cow on the door for a quick fuck. In fact Ray wasn't sure about much. He was a bit confused about how causal Jimmy was being considering his wife had just been major fondled in public right in front of him. But "when in Rome" or Memphis in this case, do as they do. 

The waiter brought the drinks and when it became more then a couple minutes that Susie and Jimmy were gone, Ray assumed his thoughts about the couple having a quickie in the bathroom might be accurate. Another few minutes passed and Ray had another thought, perhaps this was a con to stick him with the bill. Not that he would mind so much, he could afford the couple hundred dollars even if he wasn't on an expense account. The thing that bothered Ray most about that thought was that he prided himself on knowing people and being a good judge of character. He really felt the couple were genuinely good people. Besides he was pretty hooked on the idea of ending the night in a wild threesome of some sort at this point. Feeling a little pressure from his own bladder and not wanting to sit like a fool waiting, Ray headed for the bathrooms himself. Just as Ray was about to turn into the little hallway leading to the restrooms, Susie turned the corner and ran right into him.

"Well scuse me, handsome," Susie said with a smile, "Sorry we left you a waiting hun. Jimmy came back just as I came out and we were talking a bit. See you at the table when you two studs are done."

Ray smiled at Susie and headed for the men's room. There were two urinals. Jimmy was standing at one. Ray walked up next to him and said that he too had to return some booze before he could continue.

Jimmy chuckled and said, "Yeah booze'l git your bladder going every time. Ray you know you made a big impression on Susie. She wants to fuck you."

Ray stammered a bit not really sure what to say, but managed to get out, "Um wow really?"

"Yes, she told me she want to get that big dick you were rubbing all over her inside her snatch and ride you like a bull"

"And how do you feel on the subject, Jimmy?"

"Well, it's like this Susie and I do a bit of swinging, but a smart man like you probably knowed that already. So I think we ought to go out there down those drinks and then head to your fancy hotel for a private party. Assuming you would enjoy that."

"Jimmy, I know I would enjoy having Susie. She is the hottest piece of ass I have had in my arms in a long time. I am a little surprised a hot stud like you is willing to let me have her though."

"Well friend, I am going to be there and participating in some capacity. If it is a true three-way that is great, but if you can't handle any more then me fucking her after you are spent that works too."
