 Men in uniform. Every woman has a soft spot for them or else there wouldn't be a hundred different prime time dramas with the words "Fire" or "Med" or "Blue" in them. We fantasize about being rescued by the ripped firefighter with his big, heavy, fire-proof coat and smoke smudged face. Or the state policeman in his wide brimmed hat and black boots bent over on the highway as he asks the driver he pulled over for their license and registration. Or, my personal favorite, the military uniforms. The rugged men in camo, the Army dress uniform, the Navy whites.

When little girls are young, we are taught to look up to those men in uniform. To salute at Memorial Day parades and put our hands on our hearts during the National Anthem...partly to honor those men and women who served. I don't know when that child-like adoration turns to thigh-wetting lust, but it happens. These men in uniforms go from being our heroes that return us to our homes and parents, to our white knights that rescue us from danger, so we can then unbuckle their belts, let those camo pants drop to their ankles around their combat boots and pull their masculine, military cocks inside of us.

There was a summer in college where I was on the staff at a beach club. A beautiful location in a swanky New England town...one of those towns that was so old money Yankee that the beach club being super rustic and old school is what make it swanky. The summer was full of early mornings sweeping sand that never really went away, mastering the technique of anchoring rented beach umbrellas near cabanas, and serving drinks at the beach bar for endless corporate parties. Our small staff of seven college kids had rotating schedules with few nights off during the busy summer. However, the local yacht club had one weekend where they hosted a major regatta and we were all invited to the regatta ball. For a group that spent most of our days barefoot, and most of our nights either working at the club or drinking with our 50-year-old stoner boss, a night out was a rare opportunity to celebrate. I had my day off scheduled on the night of the ball, so I borrowed a bike and went to the grocery store to get some supplies for us to host our own dinner before heading over to the ball. We each pulled out the one "fancy" outfit we had with us for the summer and met up in the event room to eat dinner and have our first couple rounds of drinks.

The yacht club wasn't far...but we did have to catch the quick ferry ride from the island where the beach club was located over to the club. We wandered the short distance from the club to the ferry together with the girls opting for a barefoot walk rather than sporting the heeled sandals too soon. The ferry docked, and we could see the lights of the ballroom from the water. Growing up hours from the ocean, yacht clubs and regattas were new to me. I assumed this would be a stuffy event straight out of Caddyshack with lots of old, wealthy men who would likely spend their nights at the bar, and elegant wealthy women. As we approached the club, the view of the ballroom became clearer...and the sea of white, black, and gold appeared. After asking some of my more yacht club-savvy friends, I learned that this regatta was not only a draw for the local yacht club members, but more than a few college teams and (gasp!), the Naval Academy sailing team.

The ballroom included the Caddyshack-like crew as I expected, but also had some shaggy haired, blue-blazered college kids on the dance floor. My eyes were drawn to the Navy whites...the crisp uniforms, the short haircuts, shiny black shoes, and the masculinity that oozed off that sea of servicemen.

Out of our staff of seven, five of us were female. We traveled as a pack across the room to the bar and learned very quickly that we likely would not be paying for any drinks that night. We were an interesting assortment -- four of the five of us were single (myself included). One was dating one of our male beach club staffers, and another hoped to be dating the other male on our staff, so they were firmly stuck to the sides of our beach club guys. For the remaining three, we had a preppy, blonde southern girl who wore a white sheath dress with cherry designs on it. The senior member of our staff sported short hair, glasses, and a tomboy look in her simple black dress. I wore a very early-90's long, teal dress with a square neck and high slit.

As the three of us talked with the Navy boys, we learned that most were being hosted by local yacht club members during the regatta. Most were either staying in a spare room or pool house in town. As the night wore on, we started to pair off a little more. One particular blonde, blue-eyed Navy boy cornered me near the bar. This was my first night off in weeks, and most nights I fell asleep to the sounds of my roommate and her boyfriend having sex. I was loving Navy boy's attention and pursuit, and his stumbling flirtations. Even more, I was loving his uniform...and was very interested to see what was under it. We stepped out to the deck to escape the humid ballroom, where he casually mentioned that his host's house was just down the street...we could even walk there along the beach.

Moment of truth -- Navy boy was here for this regatta. Leaving with him was not the start of a long-lasting romance but could be the start of a hot night that included my weird 90's dress hiked up to my waist and his creased white pants crumpled on the floor. As he made small talk trying not to seem too obvious with his invitation, I considered the situation. The ferry stopped running at midnight and started up again too late in the morning to avoid a long walk of shame down the sandy beach road towards the club. The last thing I wanted was to see club members driving by on their way to town in the morning as I stumbled down the street with my dress on, and sandals in my hand. Timing would be a little tight, but those blue eyes were staring into me from that alcohol and heat flushed face. This was not his first rodeo...that much was clear. He leaned over the railing on the deck to look out over the harbor, and the view of his tight, round ass filling out those dress white pants made my decision easy.

"I'm ready if you are," I said as I leaned on the railing next to him. I watched his eyes travel from the harbor, to my lips, to my breasts. The combination of a relatively useless strapless bra borrowed from my roommate and my square neckline was giving a generous view of my 36 D's. His gaze was so blatant and unapologetic; I almost expected him to lick his lips in anticipation. Partly to show him that I saw him looking, but mostly for my own amusement and turn-on, I slid my right index finger along the strap of my dress from my shoulder, across my collarbone, and down to the turn in that square neck. Rather than take the 90-degree turn, my finger continued down, pulling the neckline just enough to release my right nipple which was dark and hard from the cool breeze blowing off the ocean. I took a step closer to him with and watched him watch my right hand; my thumb joined my index finger to pinch my nipple so it firmed up even more and then he did lick his lips just in time for me to lean in for a taste of that tongue.

Navy boy put one arm around the small of my back to pull me closer and used his other hand to re-trace where my finger had gone. He slid the neckline of my dress back into place making sure to graze my hard nipple with the tip of his finger which made me bite down on his tongue -- gently, but firmly. The music in the ballroom had died, and voices were starting to trail away as people made their way to the door. My roommate caught my eye and gave me the thumbs up as I gave her the OK symbol and Navy boy and I took the steps off the deck and into the sand.

His host's house was three doors down right on the beach. It was late, and house lights were mostly turned off making for a dark walk lit only by the occasional flash from the nearby lighthouse. Once our feet sank into the sand, I wrapped my arm around his and reached down to pull my sandals off and hold them in my hand. The sand felt cool and damp between my toes. "Aren't you going to take your shoes off before the sand ruins them?" He reached down to untie his shoes but fumbled with the laces in the dark. "Let me help." I squatted down in the sand with my knees off to the sides. The long slit in my skirt exposed most of my left leg, so I slid the fabric over so both of my knees could rest in the sand for balance as I untied his laces and slid off his shoes. I raised myself up on my knees to hand them up to him and found my face at crotch height. As he took the shoes from my hands, I noticed the bulge behind his fly shift and move. My hands now empty, I found his hips and drew that bulge closer to my face. I found the thin fabric next to his zipper, parted my lips and pressed my mouth against his cock through his pants. I pushed my warm breath through the fabric onto his skin, and felt his cock respond -- getting harder and thicker.

I took a quick look around to make sure we were alone, and well hidden by the moonless night. I unzipped his fly and reached my hand in to release his growing cock. Navy boy's gaze was still unapologetic. He was enjoying the show. I locked eyes with him as he looked down at me while my tongue traced the tip of his cock. I was teasing and gentle with my mouth, while my right hand reached between his legs to give his balls a gentle squeeze. As I took his whole thickness into my mouth, he broke eye contact to look up and allow a soft moan to escape his mouth. With my hands on his firm ass, I pulled him deeply into my mouth and slid him out, in and out, until I felt his hand push on the back of my head so I could take him deeper. For me, this was supposed to be the prelude. This was the teasing, the anticipation that would lead to a hot fuck. Unfortunately, for him, this was a 30-second blow job. I felt his cock pulse as his orgasm filled the back of my throat. As he started to soften a little, he reached down to pull me up. Expecting to hear a quick "thanks" as he zipped up before we parted ways, he instead surprised me by saying, "We're not finished...come with me," and took my hand to lead me the rest of the way down the beach.

We entered the house through a slider on the lower level after walking by some beach chairs that looked skeletal in the dim night. The soft carpet was a warm and welcome change from the coarse, cool sand. His temporary housing likely doubled as a guest suite for the family with a bunkbed against one wall, and a queen bed against the other. There was an open, carpeted stairway leading up to the main level with a door at the top of the stairs, and a bathroom with an oversized, glassed-in shower stall. "Mind if I jump in the shower?" he asked. "Not at all," I said and helped myself to a bottle of water in the mini fridge by the sliding door. I took a seat on the bottom bunk bed, still wondering what he meant by his comment on the beach and keeping an eye on the clock so I wouldn't miss the ferry.

Navy boy unbuckled his belt and draped it over a chair in the corner. His shoes already off, he pulled off his socks, shook the sand out, and tossed them in the corner. I leaned back to enjoy the show as he unbuttoned those dress white pants so I could finally get a full picture of what was under them. He took off his pants, folded them neatly, and laid them over the back of the chair next to his belt. Though he was still soft and not yet recovered from our adventure on the beach, his cock hung impressively as he dropped his boxers on the floor. I laid back on the bed and bent my knees, which meant my long slit dropped open and the strap from my black thong was visible on my hip. Those blue eyes locked with mine again as he unbuttoned his shirt, and revealed a tanned and defined chest with soft, blonde hair. He turned to head towards the bathroom, and I watched his muscular ass work as he walked to the shower and I slid my hand under the fabric of my skirt and pressed my fingers against my clit moving in slow circles. Sitting on the bottom bunk, I had a clear view into the bathroom and the shower.

He turned on the water in the shower, and the heat started to cause the glass to steam up. He stepped in, and the sight of his wet skin made my pussy even wetter. He was right, we weren't finished. I stood up and walked over to the shower. When the soap was washed off his eyes, he saw me standing by the shower door. He smiled and motioned for me to come on in. I opened the door and asked for some help with my zipper first. With my back facing the steamy shower, he held the top of my zipper with one hand, and slowly unzipped my dress with the other. I was much less careful with my clothes, tossing my dress out the door and reaching back to unclip the awful, strapless disaster. He put his hand over mine, and simply said, "Wait." He pulled me into the shower with the strapless bra and thong still on. He slid the bra down just enough on my ribcage to allow both of my nipples to peak out, but the black lace was still holding up my breasts. He took his soapy hands and squeezed both, holding my breasts in his palms while he traced circles on my nipples with his thumbs. It was his turn to kiss me, and my turn to moan, while his tongue found mine and his thumbs kept circling. As he kissed me, his hands moved from my nipples to my back as he unclipped my bra and tossed it out of the shower.

My thong was now dripping wet, partly from the shower, and partly from my soaked pussy. His cock was firming up, but still not at the full power and strength I witnessed earlier when I took him in my mouth. The shower had a little built-in bench against the wall. He guided me there, sat me down, and parted my legs while the hot water still rained down on us. He moved my thong to the side and buried his tongue deep inside my pussy. He was skilled. He knew when to back off and use a light touch on my clit, or when to bare down and use the whole flat of his tongue to press against it. He always stopped just short of my orgasm, leaving me breathless and nearly begging for more. His cock had thickened up, now - hard, erect, and pulsing. Navy boy turned me around so my ass was up in the air and my elbows were resting on the bench. I was expecting the deep thrust of his ready cock, but instead felt his tongue in my pussy again, and his teeth on my clit. His finger teased my ass -- pressing, but not penetrating -- again bringing me to the verge of climax.

It was during this moment then we heard a slam and footsteps. I quickly stood up and reached out the shower door for a towel just in time to see another bright, white dress uniform turn the corner from the stairs. The wearer of this uniform had dark hair, dark skin, and dark eyes. He didn't seem to pay much attention to the shower running, but stopped short at the wrinkled, teal dress on the floor. Dark Navy boy turned his head towards the shower, where I gave an embarrassed wave. Blonde Navy boy turned off the shower and appeared behind me in a towel. I could feel his cock pressing against my ass through the towel and was still teetering on the verge of a toe-curling orgasm.

I glanced over at the clock and noticed that I was too late. The last ferry was long gone...so why not stay? Still feeling a little exposed by the recent entry of another Navy boy, I tucked the towel a little tighter under my arms assuming he would discreetly make his way back up the stairs. The roommates exchanged hellos, and Dark Navy boy walked towards us, kicking off his shoes on the way. As he leaned against the doorframe to the bathroom, I felt Blonde Navy boy's towel drop to the floor as his hands moved under my arms and to the top of my own towel (still tucked tightly keeping me covered). He leaned close to my ear and asked if I minded the company. I looked up at Dark Navy boy, who lifted his eyebrows as if to ask the same question. I considered those dark eyes, the contrast of his brown skin against the white of his uniform, and the muscular forearms that were crossed in front of his chest. In response to the question hanging in the air, I reached around my back and gave Blonde Navy boy's cock a tug. He loosened the edge of the towel, and slid it off me, leaving his hands on my breasts -- reaching around from behind. As he massaged my breasts and pinched my nipples, Dark Navy boy flashed a smile, and unbuckled and unbuttoned a lot faster than Blonde Navy boy had just a little while earlier.

Blonde Navy boy's hands on my tits were sending electric pulses from my nipples directly to my pussy. Using the hand that had just left his cock, I slid my fingers into my mouth to get them nice and wet. I pulled my hand out and reached back to stroke his cock now that my fingers were freshly lubricated. Dark Navy boy finished undressing and stepped forward to have a taste for himself. He dropped to his knees, picked up my left foot, and put it over his shoulder -- leaving my right foot on the ground, and my pussy on top of his mouth. He wasn't quite as talented as Blonde Navy boy, but I was ripe for his tongue. My pussy was hot, wet, and sensitive to his touch. He slid his finger into my pussy, as his lips and tongue teased my clit.

Blonde Navy took his left hand off my nipple long enough to moisten his finger and press it against my ass - not far enough to penetrate, but enough to cause an incredible, deep, intense sensation that nearly made me cum along with Dark Navy boy's tongue play.

"Wait...I don't want to cum yet." They both slowed and stopped. I turned to Blonde Navy boy and suggested, "You watch, while I get him caught up." I took Dark Navy boy's hand, pulled him to standing position and walked him over to the queen bed -- pushing him down on his back. He edged up so his head was propped up on the pillows while Blonde Navy boy took a seat by the foot of the bed and watched. I spread Dark Navy boy's legs to allow for full access to his brown cock, his sac, and his ass. Rather than start with his cock, I licked the spot between Dark Navy boy's ass and his balls - pressing with the flat of my tongue and flicking the tip ever closer to his asshole. He gasped, groaned, and writhed as his dark cock grew. I put my fingers in my own pussy to wet them and slid them up and down his cock as I continued to tease his balls and his ass. I glanced over at Blonde Navy boy to see his hand moving on his own cock keeping himself hard and happy for now.

Seeing him play with himself only made me wetter. It's true that I didn't want to climax yet, but I did want to stay at the edge of the cliff -- ready to drop into that ecstasy at whatever moment I chose. Catching my glance, Blonde Navy boy crawled up on to the bed and got on his knees behind me. My mouth was buried in the curls of dark hair around Dark Navy boy's sac. Blonde Navy boy put his hands on my hips and lifted my ass so I was on my knees. As he slid his hard cock into my dripping wet pussy, I took Dark Navy boy's thick cock into my mouth. With each thrust of Blonde Navy boy's cock, my mouth swallowed Dark Navy boy's thickness deeper in my throat. The tip of his cock hit the back of my tongue as the tip of Blonde Navy boys cock hit that sweet spot inside of me that got me back to the edge of the cliff. Wanting a change of scenery, I straightened my back upright and Blonde Navy boy slid out of my pussy. His cock was long and reached deeply into my pussy, but Dark Navy boy's cock had a thickness that I craved. I moved my knees from between Dark Navy boy's legs to straddle him and took him into my pussy. His thickness stretched me as I rode him. I leaned over so my clit could rub against him, and my breasts could get close enough for him to take my nipple in his mouth as my hips moved faster. I had forgotten about Blonde Navy boy until I felt that incredible, intense sensation of pressure on my ass.
