 "Hey, could you show me how to Bate Stamp low on the page like you did it last time?"

I shoved the file home, then stood from my bent position. I kicked the cabinet door closed and turned to my co-worker. 

I was surprised to see she had been looking at my ass. More surprising, she took her time raising her eyes to meet mine, lingering on my chest on the way up. 

Today, she was wearing a low-cut dress with tiny purple flowers that came to her knee, with black wedges that made her at least 4 inches taller. Her dark curly hair framed her face and trailed down to the small of her back. Her green eyes sparkled with mischief as usual, the corners of her lips turned up into a smirk.

She raised a brow, and the smirk turned into a full-fledged grin. "Please?" She begged teasingly, her voice an octave lower and definitely suggestive.

I was thrown, but I admitted to myself that it was thrilling.

"Sure." I replied, trying to sound nonchalant. I walked the few steps to her computer and leaned forward, grabbed the mouse, clicking on the appropriate options. I walked her through the process then glanced over to see that she got it.

Only, instead of looking at the computer screen, she was looking at me. I was startled to see how close we were, our faces only inches apart. I could smell her shampoo- a sweet, flowery scent. I inhaled, taking it in and blurted, "You smell good."

She smiled wider at me and whispered, "You do too."

I wasn't sure if she was messing with me or not, but if her body language and look on her face were any indication, she was flirting with me. I knew she had been with women before, but never thought she was into me that way.

I know I had never been attracted to a woman before. It was very unsettling. 

"Thanks?" It came out a question, for lack of a snappy comeback. My mind had totally blanked.

As if it were the most natural thing in the world, we both leaned in and our lips met. Soft and hesitant at first, the kiss quickly became more. She ran her tongue across my lips and I opened for her, my own tongue learning the taste and feel of her. Unconsciously, I brought a hand up- computer, mouse, and even work forgotten- and spread my fingers through her hair, cupping the back of her neck.

I'm not sure who broke the kiss first, or which one of us was more shocked. We both jumped back, coming to our senses.

We were at work for fuck sake! Anyone could have rounded the corner at any time and seen us.

Horrified, I started back peddling to the door. "I'm sorry, I-"

At the same time, she said, "Wow. That was-"

Our eyes met again and this time the truth shone through. We had both liked it.

"Yeah." I breathed out, almost afraid to say it out loud.

"Yeah." She agreed.

At the sound of footsteps in the hall, I turned and fled, sure my face was as red as my shirt. I sat down heavily in my chair, trying to slow my racing heart and rapid breathing, two thoughts running through my head.

What have I done? And, how the fuck was I going to tell my husband I had kissed a girl?

I chickened out. How could I explain my lust for someone else? Sure, we both point out a beautiful person when we see one- male or female- but I wasn't sure if what I had done would make him feel betrayed. 

When my co-worker told me she was having a party, inviting my husband and I, I almost declined. But we talked it over and decided a night out away from the kids was in order.

I was nervous about seeing Morgan outside of the office, even though we had gone out numerous times before and had always had a lot of fun. While our relationship at work had gone back to normal, and we never brought up the kiss, I couldn't help but remember how soft her lips were and how good she smelled, and wondering how her tits would feel in my hands, in my mouth...

On the drive over, my nerves got the best of me.

"I kissed Morgan at work last week." I announced, watching carefully for my husband's reaction.

"Oh, yeah?" He said, shooting me an unreadable glance with raised brows.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you earlier. I wasn't trying to keep it from you on purpose, I just-" I took a deep breath. "It took me by surprise and I didn't want to upset you."

"Mmmmm." Was all he said.

"Are you mad?"

He looked at me, a smile on his lips. "Only that I wasn't there to see it."

Of anything he could have said, that was what I least expected.

"Seriously? You don't feel like...like I cheated?"

"Did you go in there planning on kissing her?"

"No."

"Have you kissed her sense?"

"No."

"Okay then."

We rode in silence for a while, my mind going a mile a minute. Was he honestly okay with me kissing Morgan? Being honest with myself, I don't think I would take it as well if he were the one kissing someone else.

"Just promise me one thing."

"Anything!"

"Next time it happens- if it does- make sure I'm there, up front and center."

"Um, okay." I wasn't sure how I felt about that, either. Sure, I was relieved that he wasn't mad, but, I wasn't sure I wanted to open that avenue in our relationship. Things tend to get messy when another person gets involved. I was having a hard enough time with the fact that I was attracted to a female. Now, my husband was encouraging it?

The party was fun- a collection of people from all walks of life. Morgan was her usual charming self, making sure everyone was happy and having a good time. Around midnight, I looked around and didn't envy her the clean-up tomorrow. So, I did what any good friend would do and started picking up empty cans, bottles and plastic cups, then moved on to dishes.

My husband was outside, talking to the group of guys that had been out there almost all night.

"Thanks for helping me clean up." Morgan said from behind me.

I smiled, turning toward her voice. "No problem. Parties are fun, but the morning clean-up is always a bitch!"

We laughed and she came close, leaning around me to set a bowl on the counter. I could feel her tits as they pushed against my back, her erect nipples clearly felt through my thin shirt. Luckily, she moved away before I embarrassed myself by telling her I wanted to kiss her again. Or that I wanted her bare tits on my skin. Or that I wondered how her pussy tastes...I shook off my private musings, chastising myself for having the wanton thoughts. 

Just then the group came in from outside. When they saw we were cleaning, all but my husband took that as a hint and headed out. Soon, the house was clean and empty accept for us. We gathered our things, ready to go ourselves.

"I was hoping you guys would like to stay and join me in the hot tub." 

My husband and I looked at each other, as if daring the other one to agree.

"We don't have any suits-"

"That's okay. You can borrow one of mine if you want, and Nick can go in his underwear. Or, you can go in like I always do. In the buff."

Before we could confirm or deny she left us there, returning in seconds with an arm load of towels. Setting them on the back of the couch, she proceeded to undress, slipping out of her skirt and loosening her halter top. 

Nick and I watched, a little scandalized. A pang of jealousy hit me then, and not because of the obvious bulge in my husband's pants. No, I was jealous of how free Morgan was with her sexuality, thinking nothing of stripping naked in front of us.

She grabbed her towel, saying over her shoulder, "Meet you out there."

After a meaning filled glance, my husband and I undressed. We each grabbed a towel, wrapping it around ourselves, then went outside. Morgan was already in the hot tub, her head leaning back, arms stretched out behind her, hooking the outer rim. She looked beautiful framed by the lights reflecting off the bubbly water. We looked at each other one last time, question clear on both of our faces. Is this something we really wanted to do?

As one, we both grinned like the Cheshire cat and dropped our towels, quickly climbing in. We sat in the opposite corner as Morgan did, sinking into the warm, relaxing water. 

Morgan started the conversation with small talk, asking about the kids, talking about the weather, and work. As she talked, she slowly moved towards us, until she floated between our knees. She put a hand on each of our thighs and I saw my husband start. I snickered, appreciating his discomfort. I was a victim myself of Morgan's attractiveness and thought it only fair that he suffer the same fate.

She leaned towards me, stopping just shy of our noses touching. Her head turned slightly and she looked at Nick, as if waiting for permission. 

The next thing I knew her lips were on mine. I was startled but quickly sank into the kiss. The act of kissing Morgan with my husband not only watching, but sitting right next to me was a total turn on. She leaned closer, her tits brushing against mine, hidden beneath the rolling water. We kissed deeply, completely caught up in the moment. 

I felt my husband's hand on my inner thigh, and slowly work his way up to my pussy. I moaned into Morgan's mouth when he touched my clit. Then I felt hands on my tits- soft, small hands feeling me up. I moaned again and let my own hands roam. Up her thigh, to her stomach, then cupping her tits. 

My husband was playing with my clit, circling and teasing. He sunk in a finger, then withdrew. I pumped my hips, asking for more.

Morgan broke our kiss, and looked at me seriously. "Do you want to take this inside?" She looked at Nick too, including him in the invitation.

I looked at him, desperate to see the same need in him that I was sure was clear in my expression.

He squeezed my thigh as I tried my hardest to read the thoughts racing through his head. Desire, then question was all I could decipher. I could only nod, my own thoughts muddled. Was he actually considering it? Could I actually go through with it? How would this effect Morgan and my work relationship? 

"Whatever you decide is okay with me." Morgan said, making my thoughts scatter. "Although" She whispered, "I would be disappointed if you went home right now." She gave me a quick kiss then retreated from the water.

Nick and I watched her walk away, totally confident in her nakedness. Water dripped from her hair down her perfect ass, running down her legs to pool at her feet. She picked up her towel, wrapped it around her torso, wrung her hair dry, then slowly walked toward the sliding glass door, then through it.

We stared at the door for a moment, the looked at each other. It was a moment of truth. Were we ready to take the next step?

My husband held out a hand, palm up. "I know this is something you have always wanted to do. I'm game if you are."

"No regrets?" I had to ask.

"No regrets." He assured me. And I believed him.

I approached Morgan hesitantly, shooting a glance behind me at my husband, to see what he really felt about what was about to happen.

I am not sure what I expected, but the look on his face almost brought me to my knees. Desire had tightened his features, making his blue eyes burn with intensity. He sat across the room, with only a towel loosely covering his hips, his erection obvious. He gave me a slight nod, maybe for encouragement, or maybe to let me know he was watching. Whatever the reason, it made my stomach clench in nervousness and excitement, but my desire outweighed my fear.

I turned back to Morgan, stopping so close I could feel her breath on my face. I just looked at her for a moment, as I had so many times before, but this time I let myself reach out to touch her. My finger traced her full lips, trailing down her neck to her tits. I could see her erect nipples through the towel, and mine tightened in response. The tip of my finger brushed lightly across her nipple, and she sucked in a breath.

Encouraged, I palmed her tits with both hands, feeling the weight and shape of the unfamiliar, running my thumbs across her nipples. She groaned, letting her head fall back, exposing the line of her neck and shoving her tits harder into my hands. My pussy was already wet and my clit swollen, pulsing in time with my heartbeat.

I leaned in, licking her neck, nipping at her pounding pulse. Her head came up, eyes glazed, and I swooped in, ravishing her mouth. Somehow, both of our towels came off and we were pressed together. In the back of my mind, it registered how different it felt to be in such a position with someone as soft and curvy as I was. My body, though, didn't care about the difference. 

I wanted to fuck her.

I broke the kiss, then focused on her full, big tits, and finally...and finally took a nipple into my mouth. I sucked, licked and nipped until they were swollen as my hands wandered, feeling her ass, her hips, her flat stomach.

Her arms came around me, caressing my back up to my shoulders then clutching hands full of hair, holding me there. Encouraged, I went lower, getting my first touch of her pussy. She was completely hairless and perfectly smooth, making my mouth water to actually taste it...

She released her grip on my hair and grabbed my hands, pulling me a little until the back of her knees hit the couch. She sat, breaking our contact, but only for a moment. She leaned forward, and her tongue flicked out, grazing my clit with the lightest of touches. I gasped, feeling it all the way from my nipples to my toes. My knees buckled then, suddenly unable to hold me up any longer, and I sank to the floor in front of her. She smiled at me and leaned back, spreading her thighs to give me my first full view 

I could see her pussy was perfect, her hood swollen and glistening, her lips a slightly darker shade than her opening. I leaned down and flicked my tongue out, teasing her clit, then followed the slit until my tongue sank into her pussy. She groaned, widening her legs even more.

I groaned myself, getting my first taste of another woman. In all my fantasies, imaginings, and reading, I could never quite imagine the taste, the smell, the act of fucking another woman with my mouth. I found myself completely in the moment, with no hesitation, fear, or doubts to lessen the experience.

I licked up and sucked softly as I found her clit, making her arch her back off the couch. "Please?" She whispered. I wasn't sure just what she was asking, but I knew she wasn't asking me to stop. I used a finger to feel her pussy lips, then inserted one into her opening. She was so wet it slid in easily, so I added a second. She laughed, a sound of pleasurable abandon, and pumped her hips, encouraging me to continue. I took my time, learning what she liked, what made her twitch or pull away slightly. While I alternated between licking and sucking, using my fingers to press on her g spot, and pumping my fingers, Morgan was making small sounds in the back of her throat, and her body had started to tighten up.

So lost in the pussy in front of me I was startled when I felt a rough hand on my ass, the other reaching around to work my nipples.

"Oh god," my husband whispered in my ear. "You have no idea how beautiful you look right now. Or how close I am to fucking you- ready or not."

I wiggled my ass and spread my legs, inviting him to feel just how ready I was. 

His fingers sank into my pussy from behind and we both groaned in appreciation. As he finger fucked me I renewed my efforts, sucking and finger fucking Morgan until she was panting. I was more than ready when I felt his cock rub my ass cheeks, then slip between my legs. I lifted my hips and arched my back, and his cock slid in to the hilt, his balls slapping my clit. Just the small touch was erotic, teasing my swollen and aching hood. He grabbed hold of my hips and started fucking me, hard.

Morgan came just then, her vaginal walls squeezing my fingers, pulsing in time with the cock that was sliding in and out of my own pussy. I looked up at her, and she was watching us, playing with her tits, breathing hard. With a small smile she moved to the side, motioning for Nick to sit on the couch. He did, not breaking our contact, until he was sitting and I was on top of him, my back to his front. I watched as his cock slid in and out of me, his hands gripping my hips. 

Morgan sat up, her face flush, her eyes heavy with desire. She moved to the floor in front of us, watching too. I held my breath as she cupped my tits, then pinched and rolled my nipples between her fingers. I moaned as her head came forward and she sucked a nipple into her mouth, rolling it with her tongue. She nipped and licked, bringing me ever closer to an orgasm.

I bit back a scream at her first touch of my pussy, already stretched and full from fucking. Her fingers traced my pussy lips, feeling the way Nick's cock pounded in and out, coming to a stop at my clit. Her fingers pinched my clit as she bit lightly around my nipple, taking me even closer.

Her lips released my tit and she licked her way down my stomach, then licked my pussy lips and his cock as he pumped. I heard him growl as his hands moved from my hips to her head, holding her there. I saw her hand grasp his balls and tug lightly. His rhythm changed, becoming frantic, his hips raised off the couch.

I really did scream as her lips closed over my clit, sucking sharply. I hovered on the precipice as she sucked, almost on sensation overload. Nick released his hold on Morgan, only to grab both of my tits in his hands, pinching my nipples to the point of pain, tugging on them in time with his penetration.

In seconds we both explode, Morgan's hands and lips taking us over the edge.

I thought it would be awkward when Nick and I got dressed and prepared to leave. Instead, Morgan, covered in a short silky robe, walked us to the door. She kissed my husband, then me, a little longer and more passionately and said, "Drive safely, my friends. I had a wonderful evening. I hope you did too."

I smiled at her, and opened my arms for a hug, which she quickly stepped into. "I hope we can do this again sometime, soon." She whispered in my ear, making me grin wider. 

"Somehow, I don' t think that will be a problem..."