 The scene is an upscale out-of-town restaurant. You and Keith are out together for an evening meal at your suggestion. A guy sits at a table opposite, eating alone – it is me. You are wearing a very revealing and sexy low cut top and very short skirt, which exposes your body and legs to the gaze of everyone in the restaurant. You feel good and want and demand attention from everyone around.

As we prearranged, I make eye contact with you across the restaurant and you pretend to be surprised at my interest in you; and quietly tell Keith. He turns his head to look at me and I smile at you both. He turns back and tells you to play up to me – and for some time we continue to make frequent eye contact across the restaurant. You talk to Keith telling him you feel horny for me, which arouses him. He tells you he wants to watch you having sex with someone else, a stranger, which you know has always been one of his strongest fantasies. The thought now excites him intensely.

Eventually you both get up to leave – Keith drops a note on my table as he passes. I open the folded paper to see the words ‘follow us’. I quickly pay the check and walk to the darkened parking lot; your car is parked with its lights on and engine running and I see that you are both sitting there, waiting for me. Keith flashes the headlights momentarily. 

I follow your car out of the parking lot and onto the main highway leading back into town; we drive for around 20 minutes and eventually pull up at your house, which is in darkness. Without waiting to see me you disappear quickly into the house and Keith comes around and we introduce each other; he says you would like to meet me.

We go into the house together and Keith closes and locks the door behind us. He says he’s going to fix drinks and adds ‘why don’t you go and say hello to Kathy – she’s in there’, pointing to the door to the living room. 

You are in the living room sitting on a low sofa and looking very sexy. ‘Hello’, you say as we both smile at one another, knowingly! ‘Hi, nice to meet you Kathy’, I reply, pretending it’s the first time we’ve met. 

You gesture for me to sit in chair opposite the sofa and Keith comes in with drinks. ‘I see you’ve introduced yourselves?’ he says. He sits on the sofa next to you; his arm around you pulling you closer to him but all the time managing successfully to disturb your flimsy top and skirt to reveal more of your body to me!

We small talk for a while; you move restlessly on the sofa, opening and closing your legs. Keith watches my reaction as the sight of you turns me on more and more. I watch the outline of your full breasts as they press, heaving, against the thin fabric of your top.

‘You know David, Kathy is a very good dancer’ says Keith – he puts on a cd. You get up from the sofa and start to Lap-dance in front of Keith as he watches you and then me. You lift your skirt to show me you’re wearing nothing underneath. Keith’s hands move seductively around your naked ass while you bump and grind in time with the beat of the music. I watch from across the room as Keith’s eyes narrow, switching from you to me and back again continuously.

‘Why don’t you dance for David, Kathy?’ he says. Obediently, you smile, turn and come across to where I’m sitting – the music beats out as you dance in front of me; you lift and flap your skirt teasingly and caress your body suggestively with your hands as you move, pulling your hair upwards at the back, our eyes locked together.

Keith watches intently from the sofa as you move closer to me – your body now only inches away from my face. I look at Keith and I can sense that he is excited and turned on by the sight of us so close together; he nods in assent and my hands touch your moving body – first over and then under your skirt and around your naked ass. Your skin feels soft under the touch of my fingertips. 

Smiling seductively you dance now between my open legs, sensing my obvious excitement. You turn your head to Keith as if performing for him; he watches as you kneel on the chair and straddle me, lowering yourself onto my lap and grinding into me. Your body is still moving to the music, your hands pull me into you; for the first time you feel beneath you the power of my cock in my pants that now aches so much for you.

Leaning back, you touch a finger to your lips, close your eyes and take it gently into the heat of your mouth, wetting it with your hungry tongue. You remove the finger and trace your lips with it teasingly.

You use both hands to travel the length of your upper body: your stomach, your waist and the roundness of your beautiful breasts, taking time to trace your nipples in teasing circles, unseen beneath your flimsy top; the bedroom fills with the intense sensuality of your excitement at your touch.


‘Why don’t we get more comfortable?’ says Keith, ‘Kathy, show David where the bedroom is while I get us more drinks’. Smiling knowingly, he disappears again into the kitchen.

You take my hand and lead me to your bedroom; the room is lit by candlelight and the walls are covered in provocative and sensual pictures of men and women. The scent of the room from the aromatic candles and the perfume on your neck and in your hair is intoxicating. You pull the bedcover back and turn to embrace me – my hands are all over you. You press yourself into me as I grab your ass and we kiss, soft at first but then harder and more intensely as the excitement we both feel begins to build. 

Keith comes in with a bottle of Moet and three glasses. ‘I see you two are getting acquainted!’ he says, as he quickly pops the cork and pours the champagne. You break away from me and smile, walk across to Keith and kiss him passionately in front of me before pushing him down onto the bed where you lay on top of him, still locked in a deep kiss. Your skirt now barely covers you – Keith’s hands lift your skirt up deliberately exposing your soft ass to my view. He watches my reaction as with his eyes open, he continues to kiss you deeply.

You sit astride Keith and pull your top off – the hard nipples of your naked breasts stand out as you become more sexually aroused. You rotate your hips, grinding yourself down onto him and gyrating to the music still playing in the living room; as you move, your arms held high above your head expose and accentuate the roundness of your breasts and pert nipples as Keith reaches up and caresses them with both hands.

‘What do you want, Kathy?’ he says, his question full of innuendo and meaning. ‘I want you’, you whisper, looking into his eyes, your voice heavy with passion, ‘and I want him - I want his cock; please Keith?’

Keith looks at me standing at the foot of the bed and gestures for me to join you both on the bed – as I walk around I pause at the side of the bed, uncertain; you reach over to reassure me and stroke my body with your hands, feeling my bulging cock while Keith watches you and me intently. Keith’s hands move under you as you lift up – his fingers slick with the juices now pouring from your aching pussy. 

He senses the quickening of your breath as you unbutton my pants and slip your hand inside to grasp my cock. ‘Mmmmm’ you murmur, smiling as your fingers close tightly around the shaft. 

I quickly peel my shirt off and slip my pants down, kicking them off; you look down at my cock now throbbing and growing in front of your eyes and lick your lips in anticipation. ‘Oh Keith, I want that now – please?’ you plead. Rolling off Keith’s body you lie face down in the centre of the bed, your eyes never leaving my cock. Reaching under you, Keith slips your skirt finally off to leave you completely naked; you feel his hands on you as you lie there, before us, waiting.

‘David, why don’t you give her what she wants? I’m sure she’s ready for some fun’, says Keith; I kneel down next to you as you lift your head and grasp my cock. Pulling it closer you open your mouth and take my cock to your wet lips; Keith watches intently from the other side of the bed as your tongue flicks and licks the tip of my cock before your lips close around it. Your head begins to move up and down as your mouth begins to take my cock deeper into its warm and wet interior with every successive stroke. At that moment my whole body seems bathed in ecstasy; my eyes close as I feel your mouth around me and I instinctively throw my head back as I moan ‘Mmmmm’. 

Keith’s excitement grows as his fingers continue to play with you from behind; your own breathing becomes heavier again. You open yourself to his touch as his hands part your thighs to allow him greater penetration and access as now between your splayed legs, his hands grasping your ass, he lowers his mouth onto you; the tip of his tongue lapping the soft wetness under your legs, first teasing the outer folds of your pussy but yet eagerly searching for your clitoris. He pulls your hips upwards and you lift your ass higher for him, opening your legs wider to heighten your intense pleasure. 

I sense the deeper, faster and more urgent attention of your mouth on my cock as Keith’s tongue explores you beneath. Your hand pulls down hard on my shaft stiffening my cock even more as you plunge it again and again into the depths of your throat. 

Your tongue licks and coaxes drops of my precum as they emerge from my cock. ‘Mmmmm’, you moan, as you taste yet another droplet of the sweet fluid on your tongue. You sense from my heavy breathing that you will not have to wait too long before more sweetness flows from me. 

Suddenly your body shakes almost uncontrollably as Keith’s tongue finds your sensitive G-spot and you gasp ‘Oh, Keith, yes, yes!’ as his tongue probes and explores the surface of your clitoris, bringing you quickly to your first orgasm. 

Your fingers grip my cock tightly as along its length your lips feel a tingling sensation; the approach of my own climax. ‘Mmmmm’ you murmur again as you taste another small pulse of precum in your mouth and I feel the movement of your soft tongue on me as it hungrily licks the tip of my cock.

The pace of your breathing begins to slow momentarily as you desperately seek to control the orgasm which we both know is building quickly within me; your lips release their grip as my throbbing cock emerges from your mouth, wet with the combined juices of your saliva and my precum. You look up at me smiling as Keith’s tongue continues to play with you beneath, his head only just visible between your legs. 

The intensity of our lovemaking subsides slightly and Keith lifts himself from between your legs and off the bed. He looks down at us still kneeling together on the crumpled sheets and takes off his shirt as you reach across and feel the power of his cock still inside his pants; unbuttoning them you slip your hand inside to grasp him. ‘Mmmmm, Keith’, you purr. 

His cock is really hard and throbs excitedly as he kneels beside you caressing your naked thighs and watching you as your breathing steadily becomes less laboured and intense. You sit up and touch him, wanting him; he senses your arousal and kisses you hard, forcing his tongue deep into your mouth. 

You lie back between us – Keith and I kneel either side of your head as you grasp a cock in each hand alternately turning to take each one in your mouth, your lips closing around its head and your tongue teasing across its sensitive surface. Keith and I watch as you take each cock more deeply, your lips wet with saliva and precum, which now oozes from both our cocks. Our eyes close as respectively our turn approaches again; the sensation your tongue creates drives us both wild with desire and wanting.

Keith gently pulls your legs apart as your body arches upwards as if silently demanding to be touched – he gestures for me to touch you and together our hands caress your breasts, your stomach and between your open legs. You fix your eyes on Keith as he quickly finds your clitoris and his fingertip teases across it as your body writhes below us again in ecstasy. My fingers become entwined with his as we both explore and pleasure you together. You are so very wet now. ‘See what you guys do to me?’ you say in a low whisper, looking up at us both.

‘I think she’s ready, don’t you David? says Keith. We both sense your body stiffen with anticipation of what is to come. 

Eagerly now, you release my cock from your grasp, still holding Keith’s tightly between your fingers; I move between your open and outstretched legs, my cock throbbing. Keith watches excitedly as I position a pillow under your ass that you lift slightly at my whispered command. 

Kneeling, I push my shaft gently at the entrance of your pussy which seems to open almost instinctively as I guide my cock to you; the juices from you lubricating its head as it slips easily in. ‘Mmmmm – oh yes! David!’ you murmur as my cock plunges inside your warm wet pussy. 

You turn to Keith and, watching him, take his cock deeper into your mouth as mine descends ever deeper in and out between your legs. Your hand caresses Keith’s balls as you pull him closer to you and our bodies move together. The heavy sound of our lovemaking reaches a pitch and reverberates around the stillness of the candlelit room. 

Holding you close and without withdrawing, I roll back on the bed with you now on top of me and Keith continues to watch transfixed as we kiss passionately only inches away, my stiff cock still embedded deep within in you. He reaches across to the bedside drawer and takes out a small bottle of lubricant and a vibrator. 

Kneeling between our legs he pours a small droplet of lubricant between your ass-cheeks; you feel the coolness of the liquid as it slowly runs down between them, tracing its path on your skin with a glistening coating. Keith positions himself and massages the slippery fluid between your ass-cheeks pausing at the entrance to your asshole and gently probing with his finger to relax the tight muscle. His index finger slips in as you begin to open yourself to his touch. ‘Mmmmm, Keith, yes – please’, you pant excitedly. 

You hear him switch the vibrator on and your body tenses, waiting. The dildo hums almost silently in his hand as he draws it slowly up and down between your ass-cheeks, liberally coated with lubricant now warmed from the heat of your body. 

Still kissing, your tongue darts excitedly in and out of my mouth as Keith continues to prepare you for even greater pleasure; your breathing quickens again as the smooth slick tip of the vibrator presses against the muscle and enters your asshole, gently easing the muscles wider apart. ‘Ooohhhhh’, you moan, suddenly breaking away from our kiss to gasp for air as inside your pussy, my cock feels the closeness of the vibrator penetrating deeper. 

Excitedly, Keith gestures for me to hold your ass-cheeks open – I pull them gently but firmly apart to expose you completely as he positions himself closer in and pushes his cock against the tight muscle of your asshole as if demanding entry; the engorged head of his cock presses slowly at first, just an inch, but then deeper. He withdraws himself to encourage the muscle to relax before plunging his cock deeper again.

‘Mmmmm, Ooohhhhh, Keith!’ you moan, as you feel the exquisite sensation of two cocks inside you for the first time. Keith penetrates deeper; you are wild with excitement as seemingly every part of your body begins to pulse with delicious sensations. 

Keith grabs your hips, pulling himself deeper and deeper into you with each successive thrust. He gestures to me for us to roll over slowly together, so that he is underneath and you become sandwiched between us – our throbbing cocks still deeply embedded in you. 

We move slowly over, your open eyes locked into mine as you lie between us, feeling us deep within you. Keith’s cock now pressing upwards and mine downwards as we both begin to move alternately – first Keith pushes his cock up into your asshole while mine withdraws from the depths of your pussy, then my cock thrusts in again while his withdraws; neither cock actually withdrawing entirely from you before plunging in again.

We settle into a rhythm; your arms tighten around me as each thrust brings new sensations, which ripple continuously through your body. Your open mouth screams delight as your tongue excitedly darts in and out playing with mine in unison with the two cocks that penetrate you, yet unseen, deeper below. At last your muscles relax as you near release and as your orgasm approaches, your breathing now quickens almost uncontrollably. 

We move faster now, your body jerking between us as at last, we explode simultaneously inside you. You gasp as hot creamy semen pulses into you, filling you and washing a warm sensation into every part of you. ‘Ooohhhhh’ yes, yes, yes’!! 

The almost unimaginable sensations we all feel gradually subside and for a while we lie, heaving and exhausted still locked together on the bed. Eventually, you sense the two cocks within you begin to soften inside you as each in turn slips out, emerging glistening and streaked with our juices which now pour freely from beneath you, onto the crumpled bed sheets. 

We collapse apart, leaving you lying between us; ‘Mmmmm, that was so good’ you say, ‘but I want more, please guys?’ Now where are those wonderful little blue pills?’

Askew Money
August 2002