 Karen sat quietly on the edge of the bed waiting. They would be here in just a few moments and she wanted to calm her beating heart. She was about to meet her best friend's latest lover. After weeks of hearing about him and being amazed by all the talk of raw sex and positions and role playing, she was excited and a bit afraid. How had she gotten herself into this? She was a very quiet person and just a bit reserved. Mandy was so different. She was wild and daring and wasn't shy about telling Karen all the things she did with her various boyfriends. She was constantly telling Karen to join her in a bit of fun, that it would be so easy to set something up. Well, here she was waiting for her friend, Mandy, and Mandy's lover David. Karen knew that the evening would not end with the three of them sitting around the living room drinking wine. So here she sat with a pounding heart and almost eager anticipation. 

A knock at the door announced their arrival. Moving swiftly across the room Karen opened the door to see Mandy standing there with a silk scarf dangling from her fingers. Mandy smiled, lifted the scarf and indicated that Karen should turn around. Quickly covering the expectant and slightly fearful eyes of the young woman, Mandy pressed herself against Karen, and with her heady scent filling the air around them slowly and sensuously licked the tip of Karen's ear and whispered that this night would be a night of erotic discovery and pleasure. 

As Karen was guided back into the room she sensed another presence entering and knew it must be David. Suddenly strong hands were gripping her arms to her sides. A sexy male voice said that he would be in complete control and she was to do as he said. With that he pulled her roughly to him and pressed his lips against hers with such intensity that for a moment she was unaware of anything else in the world. His tongue plunged into her mouth with determination and command. She felt his hand stroke her breast through the thin blouse she wore. Her nipples immediately hardened and began to tingle. His thumb found a nipple and began to circle around it through her blouse. The next thing she felt was Mandy sliding the zipper of her skirt down. With slow movements the skirt was removed and then her panties. Hands began to massage and kneed the cheeks of her ass. David began to move his lips down to her jaw line, then to the hollow of her throat. His hands carefully unbuttoned her blouse exposing her full breasts and tight rosebud nipples. He fastened his mouth on a nipple and she groaned in pleasure. 

Suddenly Karen felt David's arms reach around her and she was lifted off the floor. As she was carried to the bed she wondered what Mandy was doing. David gently placed Karen on the bed and the next thing she felt was Mandy's hands beginning to tie more silk scarves around her wrists and ankles. In just moments she was tied to the bed with her legs spread wide apart. After a few moments of hearing the sounds of clothing being removed, she felt the bed sag as David sat beside her. Again Karen felt his mouth fasten on her nipple and as she arched her back to bring her breast closer to his mouth she felt Mandy's tongue begin to lick her gleaming wet lips. As the tongue circled around her clit she felt a finger dip into her wetness and then gently press against her tight ass. Ever so slowly the finger was pushed in, aided by her juices. Karen opened her mouth with a gasp and as if waiting for that very moment David straddled her head and put his rock hard cock into her mouth. It felt as if she were on fire as all her orifices were filled.

Karen sucked David's cock as if it were the best piece of candy she had ever had. He filled her mouth and the taste of him was so very sweet. The pleasure that she was feeling as Mandy finger fucked her ass and the feel of her tongue circling her clit was more than she could bear. Suddenly everything was removed, David's cock, Mandy's finger and tongue. 

With a suddenness that surprised her Karen felt Mandy's sweet honey pot descend upon her mouth. With a hunger she slipped her tongue into the wetness that she found there. As Karen slid her tongue into Mandy she felt David's cock push against her wet, eager pussy. With a pounding desire she opened to him and his shaft pushed deep into her. 

Their bodies moved in rhythm to the pounding of their hearts. Never before had she felt such erotic pleasure. The feel of David's cock as it moved in and out of her and the taste and feel of Mandy's sweet thatch added to the need for release. Karen could feel Mandy's orgasm begin to build and David's cock seemed to grow within her, bringing her to center on her need for release. As Karen felt David explode within her she felt Mandy's shutters and groans of release also. With a gasp Karen arched her hips toward David and with a deep thrust she felt the glorious sensation of release in every atom of her body.

After a few moments in the afterglow of complete satisfaction Mandy and David moved away from Karen and quietly dressed. With kisses and soft words of comfort and love they loosened her bonds and Karen curled onto her side and slipped off to sleep with a sweet smile upon her face.

In the morning Karen would find a note pinned to the pillow saying "Next time we tie David up."