 When her husband came home from work and leaned down to kiss her at the kitchen table, she knew her lips still tasted of Melanie's pussy. Their tongues tangled in open mouths and she heard his breath catch short when she ran her fingers down the crotch of his jeans. She nuzzled his cheek as her thumb traced the stiffening cockhead. 

"Mmmm. I'm getting so wet thinking of your tongue on my pussy." Her breath scorched his ear.

He lifted her across the bare kitchen table and spread her legs. She was naked under the light feathery summer dress and it fell back at her hips. His tongue grazed her glistening pussy lips in one long lick and then circled the tip quickly on her clitoris. She actually gasped when her pursed his lips around her clitoris and sucked it gently between his lips – his tongue tip lightly circling and re-circling. He used the lower palm of his right hand to pull the folds of her taut – making her clit jut out pinkly. Sucking gently and steady, his tongue danced across her clit like a lazy ice skater – glides, figure-eights, circles, spins and licks now strong, now barely felt. 

Her thighs quivered and splayed wider when she felt his tongue stop then she looked down at his frozen face. Another quick glance lower down made her almost giggle.

"Oh," she said with a laugh. "That's Melanie."

Her husband turned his head and saw Melanie's hands continue unbuckling his belt and then in one smooth movement pulled his pants and underwear all the way down to his knees. She swallowed hard and groaned as she started licking the already stiff head of his cock.

He felt his wife's hand tangle in his hair and pull his face back to her pussy. "Mmm, yeah, baby. I've been eating Melanie's pussy all afternoon. Now it's your turn. I want you to taste me."

His mouth hovered just above her clit and she felt his tongue brush lightly back and forth then his hot breath on her wet lips and clit. 

"I love to taste you," he murmured, his words buzzing from lips to lips. He suddenly was licking faster and harder and she glanced between her legs to watch Melanie taking her husband's long thick cock all the way in and then sliding all the way back to his head again. Up and down, she could almost feel it thrusting in her own mouth as she watched. She loved the way his cock filled up a woman's mouth. A mouth that was making his cock so wet and her lips tightening around him. Melanie was worshipping her husband's cock the same way she did. She just had known that would be the way of it. She shivered and lost her train of thought as her husband slid two fingers inside her pussy and started fingering her quickly, his tongue still working crazy dances on her clit.

With another sharp spasm, she erupted, flooding his mouth and face with her juices. She sighed loudly and squeezed her thighs tightly against his face. She just wanted to feel his breathing on her trembling wet pussy. Only moments later though his tongue snaked out and lightly started another rhythm of licks. Her hips bucked slowly upward and she pulled his hair hard, grinding herself on his open mouth.. 

"You taste so good," Melanie whispered, her small pink tongue licking the curve of his ball sac before slowly sliding up the thick vein stiffening his shaft. Her fingers nested around his tightening ball sac and she squeezed roughly. Her lips wetly opened around the slick purple head of his cock and she licked it greedily. She was surprised when one of his hands slid over her back, down her ass cheeks, and two fingers curled up to caress inside her pussy. 

She was wetter than she could ever remember. She'd loved his wife's tongue on her clit before but there was something so dirty and sexy about the three of them fucking and sucking together that she barely knew what she was doing. Well, she knew actually. She knew she was sucking a hard cock that was throbbing against her tongue. She knew she was going to make him cum. She knew she was going to swallow his cum and lick every drop off his cock. And she she knew later she was going to slide his hard cock into her pussy and fuck him until he came again. 

Recovering from her series of blasting climaxes, he watched his wife slither off the kitchen table and down to to the floor where she joined her mouth and tongue with Melanie's. Melanie pulled off his cock and the two women shared a long hot wet kiss full of hungry tongue and sliding open mouths. Then, lowering their faces slowly and glancing up into his eyes, they kept their open mouths together and slid a tunnel of slippery, glossy lips from the head of his cock all the way down his shaft to the root and then dragged them back up again. Over and over she teased his straining cock until he was grinding his teeth and bucking his hips with every slow slide of their lips. He was so close to cumming, but they pulled away with matching sighs.

His cock felt like it was in the agony of cum denial, burning and pulsing wildly, but he smiled when both women grabbed him and pulled him down to the floor. Once on his back, his wife straddled his head and fed him her pussy and clit with teasing lunges and slides. At the same time, he felt Melanie straddle his hips and reach down to guide his cockhead to the opening of her pussy. She rubbed the thick bulb of it over her clit then – in one move – engulfed his cock, burying it deep inside her.

He was lost in them, in the sensations, in the overwhelming waves of sexual pleasure that roiled over his mind and body. His tongue did things that surprised him as he painted its wetness on his wife's smooth pink clit. Her hips began thrashing as she started seriously grinding her pussy on his mouth. 

"I'm going to cum," she said through a teeth-chattering moan.

When she froze just before falling over the brink into climax, she felt her husband's whole body shudder beneath her. Melanie's head was thrown back and she was screaming softly as she came from the final deepest hardest cock thrust into her.

Feeling his women cum sent shocks from his spine straight down his erect cock and it felt like his own cum was erupting like a geyser, spurt after spurt as Melanie squeezed her pussy tightly around the slowing pulses.

Slowly the trio slid apart like snakes finding the hottest spot. Both women kissed his lips gently and then kissed each other. He lay on the floor smiling still confused and shaking his head.

Melanie slid her hand up his thigh, nudging his softened cock with teasing caresses.

His wife leaned closer to his ear, licking around the curves and blowing softly in his ear.

"Do you think you could do that again?" she asked, smiling.