 After all that had happened, my head was spinning. The next few days were less eventful, at least when it came to sex. The boys hung out for most of the time, playing basketball, volleyball or any sport people were playing. The girls were going shopping a lot. We only had one week left, and it felt like the time was going way too fast. 

Meredith and Ben's parents had been taking boating trips up and down the coast with their friends, which meant that us kids were alone at home a couple nights. We mostly watched movies at night and hung out at the beach during the day. We made a couple of friends, some other kids who were on spring break as well. 

I've never been one to sleep late, but the rest of the group were into sleeping until at least 9:30. This gave me lots of time alone to think about what was happening. I woke up around 7:30 one morning, way before anyone else. The parents were out overnight, so I was all alone with my thoughts. Sitting on the balcony overlooking the crashing waves and white sand beaches, I meditated. What was I doing? I knew I wanted Meredith, but my heart was torn. Did she love me too? Or was this all some weird side effect of breaking up? Was she just on the rebound? So many questions, very few answers. 

The next people to wake up were Morgan and Meredith. They were both into cooking, so they immediately set about to making some type of breakfast souffles. I was still sitting out on the balcony when Morgan came out.

"Are you okay?" she asked

"Hmm, oh yeah," I responded, snapping out of my deep thoughts, "How'd you sleep?"

She smiled and answered, "Wonderfully, these beds are just heavenly. What are you reading? " she motioned at the book in my hand.

"Oh, this? It's nothing fascinating, just some reference material for a programming library. For most people its a total bore, but for me its a real page turner."

Morgan just sort of chuckled and changed the subject. She came and sat down next to me on the wicker couch. We talked a little about ourselves, seeing as we didn't really know each other that well. Turns out we had a lot in common. She was a big video game player, and we shared an interest in a few titles. After a little bit, Meredith came looking for Morgan. 

"Morgan? I thought we are making souffles?" Meredith said, and I could read a little bit of annoyance in her voice

"Oh yeah," answered Morgan, jumping up, "let's take this into the kitchen," and motioned for me to follow. 

I followed the girls into the kitchen, sitting down at the bar in front of the kitchen, where Meredith was playing a Lana Del Rey album on her phone. Now would be a good time to mention the Mer loved Lana Del Rey, mostly because of her independent, very feminist, personality. I also like Lana's music mostly for the vintage sound, and noticed that was something we had in common. 

"So do you have a boyfriend, Morgan?" I asked, trying to get a little more background on her.

"No, actually. I'm not exactly popular with the boys." I found that hard to believe, since what I'd seen of her she was a funny, cool kind of girl. She had beautiful green eyes, long wavy auburn hair, and a nice smile. Her body was very different from Meredith's. Meredith was a thin but curvy beauty, Morgan was a petite, small woman. I couldn't believe that any guy in his right mind wouldn't be interested in her. 

"Oh quit lying to him, Morgan," Meredith interrupted my thoughts, "you know that every boy you know wants to have you. She just plays the hard to get role very well, so well no one can get her."

My mind wandered off, thinking about the two beautiful girls in front of me. Today was a very absent minded day for me. Morgan broke me out by turning my question back on me. "You must have a girlfriend, you're kind of cute and really smart."

I gave her the standard response. "No actually, I don't. It's just too hard between school and work. I really don't have time to dedicate to a girl, so it wouldn't be fair to her to be in a relationship with me."

"Thats so sweet and considerate. Meredith did you hear that?" Morgan was interrupted before she could could get a response from Meredith, as her phone started ringing in their room. She excused herself to answer it and Meredith and I were left in the kitchen. 

Meredith waited until she was out of earshot before she spun around and said "She's definitely hitting on you."

"No, I'm sure she's figured out about us already. She wouldn't do that to you, you're her friend." I wasn't entirely sure that was the truth.

"I wouldn't be too sure Tom," Meredith responded quickly, "Meredith likes drama. I love her, but she's been known to cause trouble. Plus, if she figures of about us, she might tell Ben."

"Really?" I asked puzzled

Meredith just nodded. This could be a very interesting situation. I put it to the back of my mind for now. We ate breakfast, which was delicious. The girls had really outdone themselves this time, it was fantastic. I helped them clean up afterwards, and we all decided to head down to the beach.

The boys were ready first of course, so we went down to the beach, which was about 50 feet off the front of the place we we're staying. We were horsing around, being your average 19 year old boys. Ben had brought a football and so we played around with that for a while, passing and catching, chasing and tackling each other. In the meantime, the girls had come down, and boy were they looking spectacular. Meredith was wearing a white bikini, which reminded me of the Lana Del Rey song Off to the Races, in which she mentions a white bikini. How did I remember that? Well because that song happened to play while we were in the kitchen getting ready for breakfast. Morgan was wearing a bright blue top with a nice green bottom, something very beach themed.

Ben of course didn't really care, seeing as one of the girls was his sister, but Micah and I were noticeably impressed. I guess the girls noticed because they both began to laugh. The girl's main purpose for this vacation was to lay out. Ben and Micah also shared a desire to do something of that nature. I on the other hand, detested laying on the beach for long periods of time. I think I made it to 15 minutes before I got up and ran into the ocean. I decided to go for a swim.

Once I got in the ocean, I had a chance to think again. I decided to simply swim up and down the beach. What was I going to do about this situation? Could I really keep things going with Meredith? I wanted to, but it had to be done right, and Ben had to know. What should we do about Morgan? I had no idea whether she would cause trouble, but Mer seemed to think she would. I decided that I was going to call my friend Celeste later and ask her advice. Celeste always knew best. Thats a saying we used to use in our classes. The girl was a veritable genius, and could solve almost any problem, both in programming and in life.

My train of thought was once again derailed by Morgan, who'd swum out to where I was swimming up and down the shore, about 20 yards off the beach.

"So I'm guessing you like swimming?" Morgan asked "You've been at it for almost 45 minutes."

"Yeah I can't take the laying around, it drives me crazy." I responded, stopping and beginning to tread water.

"We were kind of interrupted earlier by Meredith. I want to get to know more about you." Morgan explained

"Wait you aren't one of those creepy girls who likes a guy, then stalks him, are you?" I asked

Morgan laughed, "Of course not, but you are really charming. Not to mention that I'm interested in you because Meredith is."

I was puzzled, "What kind of sense does that make? You saw what happened with the last boy she dated."

"Yeah that went south real quick. No its because she and I have a little competitive spirit. We like to compete in almost everything. I'd love to take you from her."

I realized she was exactly what Meredith had said, a troublemaker. I decided to just play it off for now. "So have any siblings Morgan?" I asked, trying to change the subject.

"Yeah I have two older sisters, both married."

I smiled, "So you're probably daddy's princess, am I right?"

She giggled, "Exactly, so now you know that I'm used to getting my way. Better watch out."

This was escalating quickly, and I didn't like where it was headed. I must have shown hesitation, because Morgan interjected. 

"Look, its not like I want to date you, although you're exactly the guy my parents would love me to bring to meet them. I'm getting ready to start college, and I guess what I want is one last fling before I get serious about school. No biggie right? After all, you're technically single. Meredith doesn't even have to know, or maybe she can know," she winked, "she might want to join in. From what I know Meredith enjoys some flings herself, as you well know."

I taken aback by Morgan's forwardness. She had a point, Meredith and I weren't technically in a relationship. What she wanted to do was no different from what Meredith had done. I was so confused. I didn't have an answer, so I just swam off without saying anything. When I got back to the beach, I offered to go make some lunch, and everyone agreed. I was planning on calling Celeste in the mean time. 

"Hello, Alex?" Celeste's voice came through the phone, which was on speakerphone.

"Hey Celeste." I responded, trying to stir some sauce at the same time.

"What's up man? How's Florida treating you? Having fun with lots of girls?"

"Actually, that's part of the problem." I proceeded to explain the situation to her, in totality, well I may have ommited some details. 

After a long pause, I heard her reply. She was laughing. "Alex? How do you get yourself in these situations? Listen, I don't have a lot of time right now, but let me give you a piece of advice. Give this Morgan girl what she wants or it'll turn ugly real fast. You'll be fine, Meredith will understand."

I was apprehensive. "You sure?"

"Yeah, now I really have to go. Bye!"

"Bye," and I heard the line disconnect. Celeste was right. Morgan was a time bomb, just waiting to be set off. If run it by Meredith, she what her opinion. 

I was interrupted mid-thought again, which seemed to be happening a lot lately. This time it was Ben. "Hey Tom! Micah and I just met these awesome girls, Amy and Lexi, down at the beach. Turns out they're having a party tonight on the beach and they invited us, wanna go?"

I wasn't really in the mood for partying, but wanted to be polite. "Sure, what time?"

"All night, buddy" Ben said, whooping. I decided that now was a good time to broach the subject of Meredith with him. 

"Ben, can we talk?" I took on a serious tone which made Ben serious instantly. 

"Yeah, what's up?"

I breathed and came out with it. "I think I'm in love with your sister." Then I just waited for a reaction. 

Ben looked really intense for what seemed like an eternity. Then he just started laughing. "I knew this would happen one day. Go for it bro, I've got no objection."

"Seriously?" I was sure that he'd be a little upset finding this out. 

Ben stopped laughing. "Listen, we're all adults. You and Mer can do what you want. I always knew this would happen, since you guys are made for each other."

I was still apprehensive. "I just hope this won't change things between you and I."

"It won't," Ben said confidently, "unless you let it."

I was elated at this development. We talked a little bit more, I obviously didn't tell him about the sex Mer and I had had. Things were overwhelmingly positive. We had a great lunch and went back out to the beach, where I got more swimming time in, which was great. Later on we went to the beach party, which was pretty fun. Meredith and I decided to slip out early and head back to the house to talk, well that was the excuse anyway. 

We headed straight for Meredith's room. Meredith started taking off my shirt before we were all the way in the door. She ran her hands over my chest and stomach, slowly and sensually and went in for the kiss. Our lips remained locked as I reached for her tank-top, which was yellow and slightly small, and was really tight over her breasts. I lifted it up just over her boobs, which I began to fondle and massage, all the while locked in this kiss that I wanted to be never-ending.

Meredith broke the kiss, but kept her lips close to mine. "Let's go further," she said as she moved her hands down to my pants and started to unbutton them. She resumed the kiss while she fiddled with my shorts and boxers. I gave her a hand, and now I was completely naked. She reached down to my cock and started jerking me off.

I helped her out of the rest of her outfit, like a true gentleman would. By this time we'd made our way over to Meredith's room, I'm not sure exactly how, but we did. Meredith sort of just pushed me over onto the bed. She had that devious smile that I liked so much.

"This is going to blow your mind, I promise." She went down and grabbed my cock with her silky smooth hands. She started out slowly, stroking it gently. Then she started to lick just the tip, getting it lubricated, all the while stroking with perfect rhythm and pressure. Pretty soon her licking turned into sucking, progressively taking more and more of my cock into her mouth. She would suck me for a long time, only to stop and draw little patterns on the tip of my cock with her tongue. I was in heaven and about to cum.

"Not so fast Tom, I got you hard for a reason." Jane got up and got into bed with me. We just had chemistry I guess, and we ended up in the doggy-style position. 

"Now put it in me," she said in her sultriest, slightly raspy voice, "and fuck me."

I needed no encouragement and immediately went to work. I first tested her pussy out with my finger and man she was wet. I slipped my finger in and she moaned. I could tell she wanted more, so I removed my finger and positioned my cock at the entrance.

"Are you ready?" I asked.

She just kind of nodded in agreement. I pushed in, gently and slowly. Meredith moaned and sighed. Once I was all the way in, I began to speed up, thrusting more and more, pushing deeper and deeper. Mer's moans increased in volume, until she was getting really loud, her noises mixing with the slaps of our flesh. She was so warm and wet inside and it just felt heavenly. I kept going and going and eventually I came inside of her. She was writhing in pleasure and still moaning. I collapsed next to her on bed. We started to cuddle when we heard the sound of clapping.

We both spun around and saw Morgan standing in the doorway, clapping.

"Bravo," she said with a smile on her face, "that was one of the best performances I've ever seen. You guys really know how to get it on."

I was dumbfounded, her was this girl I had just met 5 days ago and now she had seen me fuck her best friend, and we were still both naked! I immediately began to feel self-conscious and was embarrased. 

Meredith spoke up. "Seriously Morgan? You almost gave me a heart attack! Why do you do things like that?"

"Well because," Morgan shot back, "I wanted to. Plus the guy that's banging you is super hot. I really want to get in on this action."

"What? No! I'm not letting that happen." Meredith gave her a glare.

"Give me one good reason why not." Morgan fired back.

"Um all right let's name a few. First, I doubt Tom wants that. Second, the boys will be back soon. Third, I'm not that comfortable with that." Meredith seemed to be annoyed but not particularly against it.

"First, Tom is a man, and if you don't have a problem with it, I'm sure he won't. Second, the boys aren't coming back, if you get my meaning. Third, you're not technically dating him, so why do you have an issue?"

Meredith mulled it over, I could tell she was not happy. Meredith's personality was to always be contrary and she had no way to contradict Morgan. She just kind of scoffed and threw her arms up in disgust. "Fine, but after this trip he's mine!"

"Great," said Morgan, moving towards us in the bed, "Meredith, you're welcome to join us." Morgan started to strip. She was wearing a floral bikini top with a set of blue jean shorts, which she quickly got out of. I noticed that she had no tan lines, her body was a beautiful copper color, not very dark, but she clearly looked like she had been kissed by the sun. She was quite the exhibitionist and struck a pose to show off. Her breasts weren't huge, rather somewhere between medium and small sized. She had a beautifully tight and toned butt. I took a second to take it all in. I definitely saw how hot Morgan really was. 

One of the things I pride myself on is being observant. As Morgan moved over me and put her hand on my cock, I noticed Meredith's expression. It was a cross between annoyance, jealousy, desire and curiosity. I realized why I loved her so much, no matter the expression on her face, she was still beautiful. Morgan started to stroke my cock, squeezing my shaft with one hand and massaging my balls with the other. I was enjoying it immensely. 

"Hey Mer," Morgan spoke up, "feel free to join in at anytime. I'm willing to share."

"Thanks for your permission," Meredith retorted with her usual sarcasm, "I will." She crawled over and put her lips to my mouth, ever so slightly, and exhaled very faintly. The feeling of her breath on my lips produced a very strange sensation. She pushed in closer and soon we were kissing passionately, all the while Morgan was stroking my cock. 

Morgan moved on and started to use her mouth. She began to slowly lick my entire cock, from the bottom of the shaft all the way up to the tip. The slowness made it feel like the most pleasant torture. Meanwhile Meredith decided to switch things up. She crawled up and, supporting herself on the headboard, positioned her pussy over my mouth. 

I'm not normally a man of many emotions, but right at that moment I wanted to soak in all the feelings, sights, smells, everything. I took a moment to appreciate the beauty of this girl who was sitting right over my face, the contours of her vulva, the shape of her clit, the smell and glistening of her juices, and the whole package together. I began by slowly licking her lips, being careful not to touch her clit. I licked up as much of her juices as I could, the taste was like nothing else. I was exciting her greatly, I reached up and grabbed her by the small of her back and could feel her flexing and writhing. I slowly worked my way up to her clit, taking care to get all the nooks and crannies of her pussy. Gently I kissed her clit, which was swollen and red with excitement, then lightly licked it. Her movements become more jerky. I looked up as she was looking down. Her eyes were closed, and she was biting her bottom lip ever so sexily, moaning very low. Sucking on her clit quickly brought her to the point of orgasm, and she began to spasm. 

I'd forgotten about Morgan, still blowing my cock. Meredith collapsed off my face and onto the bed next to me. Morgan began to move on top of me, moving my penis between her legs. She slowly sat down on it, taking her time sliding down. She began to rhythmically ride me, slowly at first, but with each couple of seconds she'd increase her speed until she was going as fast as she possibly could've been going. My cock was achingly hard at this point and I began to move with her, matching her rhythm and intensity. Needless to say, it didn't take long for both of us to reach our climax. I groaned and came inside of her. A few seconds later she reached a fever pitch and orgasmed as well. She collapsed on the other side of me. By this time Meredith had cuddled up with me and Morgan followed suit. 

"Well that was hot!" Morgan broke the silence.

Meredith muttered in agreement. I looked at both girls. One girl I loved intensely, and while I certainly liked Morgan, it felt like a classic summer romance between us too. This was going to be an interesting 10 days. 
