 This is a continuation of the story about Merna. Really need to read part 1 to know characters. 

*****

Merna's first modeling job

I awoke very excited about my first day modeling but there was nothing in my closet that fit my image of a model. I had either conservative business attire or old knock around clothes. I decided when my finances were less tenuous I would start shopping for a wardrobe. So, I chose my standard business attire. This did not give me a sense of being a model. 

At the hair salon, a very talkative stylist was waiting for me with instructions from the Bound Sisters. She really wanted to do a lot more with my hair but I was adamant that nothing more should be done than Greta's instruction. 

As I walked into the Bound Sisters building, Greta and Charles greeted me. 

"Are you ready for the day?" Charles asked.

"Absolutely, I am very excited," I said enthusiastically. "But anxious to find out if I can really do this."

"You will do fine," said Greta. "By the way, you can dress casually on the days you model for us. Not sure Bertha told you, but many times the client will give you an outfit as part of the deal."

"Good," I smiled. "I need to upgrade my wardrobe when I can afford it."

"The studio is in the basement," Greta said leading Charles and I to the stairs going to the basement. When she got to the bottom of the stairs, there was a door locked with a keypad that required a series of numbers to enter. "The combination is 9154. We want to keep this area secure for these sessions with no gawkers."

As we entered, I noticed no outside light but the room was very bright as Charles explained, "The Bound Sisters spent a lot of money on this studio. It is one of my favorites. We can control backdrops and lighting very easily. You will also notice the floor is a very soft rubberized surface. I have to wear kneepads in other studios. They very generously allow me to use it for my own sessions."

A very young girl came from behind a partition. She had dark hair with an average figure and was not unattractive but certainly not pretty. Charles introduced us, "Merna, this is Marsha my assistant. She will take care of you today doing touch up, dressing, and organize both of us. If you need any thing let Marsha know."

I shook Marsha's hand as Marsha said, "Nice to meet you. It will sound like I am telling you what to do today but I am really assisting you. Charles said this is new for you and I want to do everything I can to make this a successful day for you."

"So good to meet you Marsha," I said. "I have no idea what I am doing so anything you can tell me is appreciated."

"We will start with these dresses," Marsha said as pointing to a rolling rack. "The dressing room is behind this partition. I will take care of any hair or makeup needs and assist you presenting the dress. When we are ready, then I turn you over to Charles. If you need a bathroom break it is over there. There is a small refrigerator in the break room that has water and soft drinks. If we eat here make sure to use the break room. Ready?"

Greta interrupted, "I will be checking in throughout the day to see how it is going. Mainly to make certain that Charles understands what the customer wants. But if you need anything from Bertha or myself let me know. We really do care that this works for you. I will be taking you and Charles to lunch at the Summit. It will be a working lunch. One of the dresses needs a backdrop like the Summit. Mostly, have fun." The Summit was a private club down town used by business people. I had heard about it but only knew it was at the top of one of the building close to here.

"I am ready," I said to Marsha. "And thanks again Greta."

Around a wall partition was a large dressing area with mirrors everywhere, tables and very comfortable chairs and couch. "Sometimes there are delays, you can come here and relax if you wish. Some of the models nap here. You are going to be surprised how tiring it is. My first advice is stay in shape not just for looks but stamina. Ok, remove your clothes and we will get you ready."

I removed my pants suit leaving on bra and panties to Marsha frowning saying, "Oh those will never do. Most of the dresses will be worn without panties, as we do not want panty lines. Of course we could Photoshop but easier not. The bra you wear will be matched to the dress with some without bra. Does that make you uncomfortable?"

"Not at all," I said as I removed my panties and bra. Marsha then did exactly what Charles and Greta did cupping both tits in her hand, but Marsha stared at the breast. 

"Ok, I know," Marsha said as opening a door with many bras and picked one out. She did not say anything but put the bra on me not really letting me help. I found it strangely erotic to have this young girl placing a bra on me. It had a lot of support underneath but was very thin and almost invisible above the areola. The strap could barely be seen, making no indention in the skin. I looked in the mirror and I thought it looked sexy.

"Can I ask you how old you are?" I asked Marsha. 

"I am 21," Marsha said. "I have been Charles assistant for 2 years. Are you uncomfortable with me?"

"Oh, I find this different but pleasant," I said. "And quite the opposite. I appreciate your help."

She handed me the first dress and it seem unexceptional to me, just a simple sweater dress. I did understand the bra and lack of panties. Either of the ones I wore would have been seen.

Marsha had me sit in front of the dressing table that had great light and mirror so I could see what she was doing. She touches up my hair saying, "You have beautiful hair. Mine is thin straight with a brown color where yours is a lovely warm auburn red. I imagine the body and color are natural."

"Yes it is," I said. 

Marsha then touched up my lipstick saying, "You are going to be one of my easier clients. You are ready for Charles."

"Beautiful," Charles said before he started instructed me through a series of poises. Greta came in and observed for a while, whispered something to Charles and left. 

"Greta is happy with what we are doing," Charles said smiling. "We will go to lunch at 12:30."

After several dresses that morning Charles said to Marsha, "Ok time to get Merna ready for lunch." 

I followed Marsha to the dressing room where I again removed all but the bra. It was clear to me that we were moving faster as I understood the routine. "Remove the bra also," Marsha instructed. "The dress you will wear to lunch has built in support. Luckily you do not really need much. Great boob job by the way."

"Thank you," I said happily. Marsha then helped me put on an evening club dress. It was red with a wide black belt with a big fake diamond horseshoe under and between my breasts. It had a gather that exposed cleavage all the way to the bottom of my breasts. The support in the dress also pushed the breasts in to maximize cleavage. It felt very secure however making me comfortable that no oops moment would occur. The buckle also pulled the dress hemline up in front causing it to be V shaped between my legs. Without the gather the dress would strike me mid thigh, which it did in back. But in front it was almost exposing my pussy. 

"We have to adjust that and you are going to need panties," Marsha stated as she knelt in front of me adjust the buckle. I was getting a sexual feeling from this attention so close to my bare pussy. Marsha could not help but rub against me as she adjusted the bottom of the dress.

Standing up she smiled saying, "Now that is sexy. Wish we could leave you without panties for the guys at the Summit; you would be even a bigger hit. But the photos have to be PG not R, so let's see if we can find something that works." She rummaged through another drawer and found a pair of red bikini cut panties that seemed to work well. So again I sat in the swivel chair in front of the mirror while Marsha fixed my hair and face again. 

"There you are," Marsha whispered. "We may have to send in the police to get you the 2 blocks to the Summit. I cannot remember someone looking this sexy fully dressed. Look in the mirror and make sure you are comfortable with how I fixed the drape in front."

So I stood and looked in the mirror saying, "Oh that is fine. I show more skin in shorts. But I must admit it is suggestive."

"Make sure to keep the dress pulled down," Marsha instructed. "The dress is designed to drape like that naturally so just be careful if Charles tries to get you in one of his strange positions. Let's put on the jewelry," Marsha says as she opens a very pretty box. Marsha takes out what looks like diamond ear studs but I am sure it is glass and places them in both ears. She then places a large diamond looking necklace on me and a red stone anklet. She then placed a pair of red pumps on my feet. They fit nicely; with a wider low heal. I assumed they were built to dance in. 

"Ok, thanks," I said smiling at Marsha. "You have been so good to me."

"No worries," Marsha said. "You are actually a pleasure. You would not believe how snooty some people can be just because they are beautiful."

"But I am not beautiful," I corrected.

"And that is why I like you working with you," Marsha explained. "Please don't change." 

I went out to show this to Charles and he whistles. "Man, that is a picture I want to take. That dress just works."

Greta came in and took a look at me. "This is better than I thought. The client is going to love it. Marsha, when Charles gets back I want the raw pictures to send to the client to see if we are getting what they want. Charles let's get pictures of the jewelry now. Start with a headshot. Merna can use that as the start of her book also."

Charles had me stand in front of a blue screen while asking Marsha; "I want to just get the headshot with only her shoulders, not the dress."

Marsha unzipped the back of the dress about 6 inches and pulled the dress off the shoulders. She placed my hands where they would keep the dress from falling off, so I had my hands cupping the dress under my breasts. Most of my breasts were exposed. "Is this OK?"

"Sure, fine with me," I said emphatically. I think she was beginning to suspect that I liked to be exposed. Charles took a series of photos, turning my shoulders and face in different positions, each time touching me in various locations above my waist. Each time I had a most pleasant sensation. I liked this. I just hoped I was good enough to make this a second career and make a little money.

"Ok, that should do it," Charles said. "Marsha, fix Merna." Marsha pulled the dress back in position and re-zipped it. 

She stepped back asking Greta, "Ok?"

"More than ok," Greta said with enthusiasm. "Could not be better. Merna, we will have security escort us to the Summit. You are wearing about 100k worth of jewelry."

"What!!" I exclaimed. 

"Yes," Greta said. "And that is conservative. Ok let's go." 

Marsha handed me a small cocktail purse saying, "Lipstick and mascara just in case up need to touch up."

As we got to the exit of the building, two large men joined us. They were wearing black slacks, black knit shirt, and a tan jacket with the company emblem on the pocket. They each had a visible pistol holster on their belts, not trying to hide them. One of them reached out his hand saying, "I am Tommie and this is Joey. Joey will walk in front with me behind you. You and Charles need to keep your bags in front of you not hanging beside you. Charles knows the drill. And please don't worry. Nothing will happen."

Tommie for some reason really caught my eye. He was about 6 feet 2 inches tall and probably 230 pounds. He was all muscles, large chest with a narrow waist, clearly in the gym a lot. He had a dark complexion, very Italian looking. No hair on his head with blue eyes and smooth skin. He was far from handsome but very interesting looking and I felt something like attraction to him. Maybe it was just that he was the protective type or maybe he was so different from Jake.

I did as instructed as we walked the 2 plus long blocks to the large building where the Summit was located. We did get attention from the well-dressed business people walking on the street. I felt like a princess being escorted to the castle. When we got to the elevator, Tommie said to Greta, "Just text me when you are ready to go and we will meet you here." 

We went to the top floor of the building with the elevator opening directly to the Summit Club. A tall very good-looking man of about 50 was waiting for us, saying, "My name is Tony. I am the manager of the club." He was very lean with Italian features with salt and pepper hair that was slicked back. He was wearing a very expensive gray Italian suite. "Welcome," he said as he shook hands with Charles and Greta. "And you must be Merna."

"Yes sir," I said smiling with what I hoped was my sexy smile. 

He kissed my hand. Again, I felt like a princess and probably blushed. "Ravishing," Tony said. A young girl was standing next to Tony waiting to be introduced. She dressed in a white shirt with a black bow tie and black slack. She was slim, average height with blonde hair. "This is Lynn, she will be your server for the day. Lynn, show them to the table.

As we walked away I heard Tony say over and over, "Ravaging, ravaging..."

Lynn led us to our table. "What would you like to drink?"

"I will have a vodka tonic," Greta said. 

"Iced tea for me," Charles said. "I have to work this afternoon."

"Charles, should I also not drink?" I asked. I really wanted a glass of wine to help me relax. I was amped.

"Actually, I would encourage you to have a glass of wine if you wish," Charles directed. "You are working very well for a first timer. You just need to relax a little. So please have a glass or two if you wish."

"I would like a glass of Chardonnay," I told Lynn. 

"Let me get the drinks while y'all decide what you want to eat," Lynn said.

Greta wanted to explain the business to me while waiting, "The club has given us permission to photograph without charge. I would be surprised if they don't want to purchase some of photos. If they do that is additional money. It they want to use your photos in advertising then an additional release is needed and you get more money. Often they don't know if they want to use the photos in advertising until they see the photos. Charles also gets additional money."

"That all sounds good to me," I declared.

Lynn arrived with our drinks but instead of a glass of wine she had a chilled bottle of Chardonnay, which she started to open. "I only ordered a glass," I informed her.

"Tony instructed me to bring a bottle of one of our better Chardonnay's," Lynn said. "It is yours to take with you. So drink what you wish."

I looked at Greta and Charles. Both gave me a don't make a big deal of this look so I said to Lynn, "Tell Tony thank you and I will enjoy it I am sure. Greta, do you want some?"

"I will stay with my cocktail," Greta responded. "Enjoy but don't drink too much."

"I won't," I committed. I took a sip of what was a very good wine. 

"Are you ready to order?" Lynn asked. I just ordered a salad. I was too revved up to eat. 

Charles got up and started taking pictures of me drinking and holding the wine. He made sure Greta was not in the photo and Greta knew to not get in the way. "Stand by the window, I want you silhouetted by the skyline." He asked me to move to different locations and positions until the food came. We were definitely attacking a lot of attention. 

Our lunch arrived which we ate quickly. I finally had my glass of wine with the salad. Lynn came over and asked if she could pore me a second glass. I glanced at Charles and he made no sign not too. So I said, "Just a half." Lynn pored me just a little. 

"Merna, we have a chill package that will seal the wine for later," Lynn stated. 

As she said this Tony walked up and asked if he could sit. Greta agreed, "Please do."

"Thank you so much for the bottle of wine," I stated holding up the glass. "It is very good. I will enjoy finishing it tonight." 

"My pleasure, my dear," Tony said. 

"I would like to talk business," Tony said looking at Greta. Greta nodded. "We would like to put up a couple of your pictures in the club and maybe use them in advertising. Are you OK with that?"

"Yes, Greta has told me this might happen," I said smiling. "Greta will take care of it for me." 

"Fine, fine," Tony said with a flourish of his hands. "Additionally, some of the business guys want a picture taken with you. Think we can do that?"

"We are really running late here," said Greta. "Charles and Merna have a lot of work to do today. We will have to make it quick. I will take care of all the paperwork while Charles and Merna finish taking pictures."

"Very good," Tony said. "Merna, I want you to come back at any time. The meal will always be on the house for you as long as I am here. You are ravishing!"

When we finished eating, Charles and I started moving around the Summit taking pictures at different locations including the ladies restroom which I had to admit was really impressive. Charles took several pictures of me reapplying lipstick in the mirror. 

When we got back to the table, Greta was talking to 4 people. She introduced 2 partners in a downtown law firm, and 2 surgeons to Charles and me; each kissed my hand when I was introduced. "Merna do you mind having your picture taken with them?"

They were all as well dressed as Tony, so I said, "It would be my pleasure." Charles did the same picture we started with that showed the Birmingham skyline for each. Each had something to say to me that sounded something like a come on line but I was not sure. 

"It is time the go," Greta said to everyone. "Tony will have your pictures tomorrow. And remember no use except personal use in your office or home. No use can be made of Merna's likeness without express written permission from her." 

The two lawyer smiled saying, "Oh, we know the law and what we signed."

"Merna it was such a pleasure meeting you," they said in unison. I gave them one of my warmest smiles as we turned to leave. 

Tommie and Joey were waiting for us at the bottom of the elevator to walk us back to the Bound Sisters building. I tried to get as close to Tommie as I could without being obvious. When we got back to the studio it was almost 3pm. Marsha was waiting, "You guys are very late."

"It was my fault," Greta said. "They all wanted to talk to Merna and Tony spent more time with us than usual. Merna you will be very late tonight. I will have dinner brought in around 6pm. At least you will have a good wine." I had brought back the remainder of the Chardonnay in a chill bag.

"Let's get you in the next dress," Marsha pushed. "Charles we are going to have to pick up the pace."

"Marsha, I need the picture taken of the jewelry and the Summit now," Greta instructed. "If you will put those on a thumb drive for me I will help Merna."

Marsha shook her head and went to a computer desk in the corner. Greta and I went behind the screen. Greta first removed the jewelry and placed them in their boxes. She then unzipped the dress, guiding the dress so that I could easily step out. "How do you like this work?" Greta asked. 

"I just love it," I cooed. "I know I am getting older, so it is probably limited."

"Things have changed in modeling the last 10 years," Greta informed me. "Women who stay in good shape can model to 60. So you have longer than you think."

"Marsha advised me to stay in shape," I responded while wearing only panties. "I actually do work out now but not as regularly as I am going to."

Greta seemed to be staring at me. "You don't mind being nude in front of people do you?" She asked this while turning to get the next dress.
