 This is a continuation of the story about Merna. Really need to read first 8 parts to understand story.

I get an offer from Keene

Greta and I were awakened by a knock on the door at 9am. Greta wrapped a towel around herself and I sat up in bed. She opened the door and let a hotel employee in with several packages. He laid them on the table and handed Greta a letter. Greta and I opened the package for each of us. They were the clothes from last night and a beautiful box. We each opened our box. It was the pearl jewelry from the first outfit I wore at the show. 

Greta opened the letter and read to me, "Thanks for the great day. Henrik and I had a great time with you two girls. Please accept this gift as a token of our friendship. We wanted to buy you dresses but realize you get those all the time but I don't think they give you these. Please accept these gifts.

Merna, Rose and Sherman are very impressive and I think we can do business. It will happen if it good for us all. Oh yea, here are your clothes. Hope you enjoyed your trip back to your room. We thought you would."

"What do you think?" I asked Greta. 

"Well, I knew they wanted to buy you something," Greta said, "And I know they bought Rose the cocktail dress of the small model. I had no idea they would buy me anything much less both of us something like this. These sets are about $10,000 each."

"My God, that is too much," I exclaimed loudly. "We need to give them back, don't we?"

"I am afraid it would insult them," Greta said. "I think we have to keep their gifts."

"It sounded to me like you and Henrik hit it off," I said smiling.

"He really banged my ass," Greta said. "It felt so incredible to have him slam away at my butt like that."

"You know Carl was really good also, especially for an older guy."

"It was amazing, the whole day," Greta said. 

"Let's go have some breakfast and hit the road," I said. 

"I need to get by the office this afternoon," Greta said. "Didn't your friend ride with you?"

"Let me check my phone," I said. "She texted me late last night. She and Sherman are working most of the night and meeting most of the today. Carl is having them driven back to Birmingham when they are ready."

We took a shower, taking it together to save time, dressed for the first time in 12 hours, packed, and went to breakfast.

It was 10 so the dining room was almost empty. We were both very hungry and ordered a large breakfast each. We were both in a hurry so it did not take long for us to finish. Just as we were paying the organizer from Keene came up asking if he could join us. His name was Brad Pierce. He was carrying a briefcase and looked ready to work. 

"Please do," Greta said. I decided to let Greta take the lead. I was afraid he was there to say he would never use me again. The check came as he was sitting.

Before either of us could reach for it he said, "Please put this on my tab."

He looked at us and smiled saying, "I had an interesting call from security this morning. Apparently 2 girls got off the elevator on our floor, nude, arms linked and skipped down the hall. He could only see their backs. He did not see their face or whether they actually stayed on our floor. Isn't that interesting?"

"It really is," Greta said, "Girls just want to have fun." 

Mr. Pierce looked at us both laughed hardily and said, "I only regret I missed that party. It was probably more fun than I had. I had him erase the recording."

Both Greta and I just gave him our best 'we are innocent smiles' we could muster. 

"Merna, you did a really great job for us last night," Mr. Pierce said. "We are so pleased with all the work you have done for us so far. You seem to have it. Greta you know what I mean. You can not define it but it exists."

"I know exactly what you mean, Mr. Pierce," Greta said. "She actually interviewed with us to do graphic art work. My sister recognized her potential."

"Yesterday, we had 7 traditional models, you know the size 2 tall thin and three non-traditional models," Mr. Pierce started. "The three were you Merna, our full figure model, an older model, and a very small short model. The three non-traditional got our highest marks. It seems people could relate to you. I wasn't surprised at your popularity; I have seen you work after all. Merna, I want you to know that Keene appreciates your work ethic and attitude."

"Well thank you," I said blushing. Greta was trying not to smile.

"We want to use the non-traditional models more, and in particular we want you," Mr. Pierce said. "We want to offer you a retainer for the year, with a signing bonus, and a sum for doing Keene exclusively in our high end market. We know you will need to do other work but we would like Keene to be your only high-end department store client. I have a letter of intent that outlines what we would like as terms."

He reached in his briefcase, handing Greta a one-page letter. Greta moved where I could read it. I was stunned, doing my best to show no reaction. The terms were a $40k retainer, $30k for being exclusive, and a $5k signing bonus. 

"The hard part is describing what the retainer covers," Mr. Pierce continued. "We are expecting 12 sessions like the first you did for us, 4 shows like this, and one trip to Dallas to do a few days taking photos and doing promotions in our main store. During this visit we will also do some work on our Christmas catalog. As you both know that is big for us."

"I think we can work out that language," Greta said. "When someone is willing to do this kind of deal, we are going to be very flexible. I don't want either of us to take advantage of Merna's good nature. I really think that is what you are buying, so let's both respect that. I have to say, usually I will always negotiate numbers but I don't see any need for that. Merna, what do you think?"

"I think you know better than I what my value is in the market," I said. "I trust you Greta."

Greta looked at Mr. Pierce and said, "That is really what you are buying. Merna is beautiful but there are lots of beautiful full figured girls. But few have Merna's attitude, work ethic, and charisma."

"You are absolutely right," Mr. Pierce said. "I used those words exactly with our CEO. He consulted on this and the small model we used yesterday. She has agreed to a contract something like this, so you will be seeing her when you come to Dallas."

"Good, I liked her," I said. "She looked great in that cocktail dress."

"That was our most sold dress yesterday," Mr. Pierce said. "The gown you wore at the start of the show was the biggest revenue achiever and the one selected as the best in show. We also sold a large number of the Pearl Jewelry set you wore. People usually don't focus on jewelry in our shows. But I think your anatomy causes people to focus on your chest and hence necklaces. We have decided that you will do a lot of our jewelry modeling for the Christmas Catalog. In the first session done in Birmingham, I thought the head shots with that necklace were stunning."

"Mr. Pierce we accept this offer contingent on getting the details work out," Greta said. "Keene has always been a valued client to us and this just makes it more so. You have my numbers, call be if there are ever any issues with our work. I have no doubt that you will be pleased with Merna effort."

"I will get you the contract next week," Mr. Pierce said. "Think about how to word the work we want for the retainer. If you can get that to me by Tuesday, we will have the contract back to you before the end of the week. It is not long until we will want Merna back in Dallas."

Mr. Pierce stood and extended his hand to me, "Merna, we appreciate your work. Thank you."

"My honor," I said. 

"Let get this worked out next week," he said to Greta.

"Absolutely."

He was walking away, turned and said, "I would have really liked to be included in a party like that you two girls attended last night."

As he walked out Greta reached out and gave me a big hug saying, "Congratulations, you earned it. Let's get checked out. Want to see if Carl is still in the Penthouse Suite to thank him for our gifts?"

"Yep let's do it."

We knocked on the penthouse door. Someone we did not know answered and we asked to see Carl. The person told us he was in a meeting. 

"Please tell him Greta and Merna want to see him," Greta requested. 

Carl and Henrik came to the door and closed it behind them. "Sorry, we would ask you in but we have a lot to do before the end of the day," Carl said.

"Really sorry to bother you," Greta started, "but we could not leave without seeing you again to say thanks for the gifts. But please don't do that again. Merna and I are just glad to know you, we don't need gifts."

"It was nothing," Carl countered. "We just wanted you to know how much we enjoyed the day yesterday and spending a little money just seemed appropriate to us."

"Thank you," Greta continued. "Merna and I will wear the necklaces with pride. Maybe we can find an occasion to show them to you and Henrik."

"You are killing me," said Henrik. "I wish we could see them now but we have to get this done."

"I want this for Rose and Sherman," I agreed. "So let us leave you to it. I know if it is right it will happen."

"Exactly," Carl agreed. "Did you girls make it back to the room ok?"

"We did," I answered. "Greta and I hate you for that." I laughed so they knew I was kidding.

"We know you loved it," said Henrik laughing.

I pulled him down so I could kiss him on the cheek, and then did the same with Carl. Greta duplicated the gesture. "We are going to get together again guys," Greta professed.

"You can count on it," Henrik said. 

With that we left and drove back to Birmingham where I dropped off Greta at the office. "Come in Monday afternoon so we can discuss the Keene deal," Greta instructed. "I don't have any work for you as of now but you probably could use a week off. We do need to discuss how much you want other than Keene."

"See you Monday." I got home after 5 had dinner and relaxed for the rest of the night. I did get a text from Rose saying she and Sherman were staying over night at the Penthouse suite. She said it was really going well and thought the details of a deal could be worked out tonight. 

Rose and Sherman have good news about partnership with Carl

Sherman and Rose made it home Saturday afternoon. Carl's limo driver helped bring in their stuff. He asked if there was anything else he could do for them. 

It was everything I could do to wait until they got settled to find out what happened. 

"Let's grab a glass of wine," I said, "and come on the deck. I am dying to hear what happen."

Rose came out to join me with a glass of wine, Sherman had some iced tea. 

"Well?" I asked.

"We have a deal almost," Rose started. "I need to get my lawyer to review the documents but all the terms have been agreed to. In summary, we are going to establish a new company yet to be named. Howard Technology will license a right to use software and technology we have developed to the new company. Howard Technology will retain all IP rights and patents. Howard Technology will transfer over the trading platform we have developed and also agree to not provide services or technology to any other investment firm. Howard Technology will no longer have a trading platform except to test. Howard Technology will continue to work in other industries. So the exclusion is only to the investment industry."

"The really key issue for us was to retain all IP rights," said Sherman. "It took some wrangling but that was achieved. We also retain our existing clients as there is no conflict." 

"For the new company 60% will be owned by Peterson Investment and 40% to Howard Technology," Rose continued. "Henrik, Carl's son, will be president and CEO of the new company. Did you meet Henrik yesterday?"

"Yes." It was all I could do to not tell Rose he was a great lay.

"What did you think?" Sherman asked.

"I liked him," I answered. "He is a lot like Carl." And in so many ways I could not tell Sherman but would Rose later.

"Henrik is moving to Birmingham," Rose continued. "This is where the new company will be located. Turns out they have wanted to collocate operations anyway. We will provide consulting to the new company. Sherman and I will do that as part of the deal but will get consulting rates for other Howard Technology employees. Howard Technology will be paid $200k for the right to use license and another $300k over time from revenues for the exclusivity in the agreement. Peterson Investment will cover all start up costs of the new venture."

"The $200k will give us the opportunity to hire some new developers and expand our reach," Sherman added. 

"I think I understood some of that," I said quizzically. "Was there anything you did not get you wanted?"

Rose and Sherman looked at each other saying together, "No!" 

Rose continued, "Carl came in that room Friday wanting a deal. We had spent most of the night working through some technical questions the CTO had but by the time he arrived, we had satisfied the CTO that we knew how to solve all the issue technically. So starting Friday afternoon, it was only a matter of the business issues. Sherman and I barely got to 3 hours sleep Thursday night and did not finish with Carl and Henrik until late last night. We slept in the Penthouse suite last night. Carl and Henrik went home for the night around 10pm."

"So does that mean Sherman is going to be an employee of Howard Technology?" I asked. 

Rose looked at Sherman and smiled. "No. He will become an owner. We have agreed that upon signing the agreement with Peterson Investment, Sherman will get 15% and Merna will get 5% of Howard Technology."

"What me, why?"

"Because we don't think it would have happened without you," Rose said with a tear in her eye. "I might not have been able to function after the break with Jeff without you or Sherman. So I want you both to own part of the business."

"I don't know what to say Rose."

"Sherman's agreement will allow him more ownership over time."

"I am floored," I said. "I assume you will open an office and vacant my basement?"

"Yes, we will but we want to pay to finish the basement the way you wish," Rose said. 

"But you paid rent," I countered. 

"Not enough compared to the benefit we received."

"I do want to continue living here for a while," Rose said. "If you can put up with me a little longer."

"Absolutely, it will be a sad day when you decide to leave."

"Here is to a successful business venture," I toasted. "Now let me tell you what happened to me." 

So I updated them on my deal with Keene. They were very happy for me. 

The business success is celebrated 

Move forward 6 months and the following had happened. Rose and Sherman made the deal with Peterson Investment. Henrik moved to Birmingham to be President and CEO of PH Trading Company. Howard Technology hired 3 additional programmers and shared the facility with PH Trading Company. Rose also hired a Financial Manager named Alison from a local big bank. She had a master degree in accounting and finance from University of Alabama. Alison became CFO of Howard Technology with responsibility for finances and personnel management. Sherman and Rose worked all the time for those 6 months.

Rose paid to have my basement finished as a Girl Cave and gym. We both enjoyed it when Rose had time. 

Carl and Greta were dating occasionally, even though they were an odd pair. I went out with Henrik and Tommie until I introduced Alison to Tommie. They were about the same age and Alison was absolutely gorgeous. 

My modeling career was going very well. The week in Dallas went very well. I was getting all the work I could handle between Keene and some smaller client Keene approved of. I had done some work for LaTonia. Jerome and LaTonia were also very busy so we had not had much fun time.

The revenue was poring into Howard Technology from the revenue generated by PH Trading Company. With the first quarter of revenue from the PH Trading Company, Carl was very pleased so he decided to throw a party for all involved. He asked Greta to plan it for him. 

Greta and he were dating as much as possible for 2 successful business people in 2 different towns. Greta found out that he and his wife were married for 30 years before she died. They were swingers and did not make much of a secret of it. Carl and Henrik were devastated by their lose. Henrik and his wife divorced soon after his mother died. Henrik said he wanted to have the same kind of relationship as Carl and his wife but it just did not work for them. Greta was open to almost anything so they got along. 

Greta worked up the following itinerary, there would be a formal dinner served at an upscale restaurant close to Bound Gym. The second part of the evening was to move to Bound Gym and be what she described as a Roman style orgy. Of course Alison was worried about inviting employees to this part of the party. She talked to the 3 new hires and made sure they knew they did not have to attend this portion but if they did it required a release. 

May, the female black programmer Rose had met while at Georgia Tech wanted to come and bring her husband. She was average size and very cute. Really was personable for a geek. One of the male programmer opted out of orgy and the other signed without problem and seemed excited about the whole thing. Sam, the CIO of Peterson Technology, who worked a lot with Rose and Sherman, was also attending the whole event. 

A memo went out to the attendees saying that during the Roman Orgy portion of the evening there would be a talent competition, a wet toga competition, and an event described as any things goes to end the evening. It sounded great to an exhibitionist like me. 

So the day came for the event. Rose dressed in the white cocktail dress Carl bought for her. She looked really sexy in this outfit. Of course she did not need nor want a bra. I dressed in the black cocktail dress Keene gave me from the show in Atlanta plus the Pearls Carl had bought for me. Rose and I were both excited to show Carl his purchases. Sherman rented a tux and looked very handsome.

Henrik came with a limo to pick us up at 5pm. Henrik also wore a tux and he always looked handsome. The man never gained a pound or had a hair out of place. He had good genes. When Henrik came in to get us he said, "I must have died and gone to heaven. You two are the most beautiful creatures I have seen. Don't you think Sherman?"

"I have said the same thing several times but I will say again I agree. They are both visions and together they are magical."

"Let go," said Henrik. "The limo driver is Earl. He will be with us all night."

We all arrived on time for cocktails in the bar. Carl was there with Greta. Greta was wearing a more formal dress than Rose and I. She was wearing the Pearls Carl had bought her at the Atlanta show. Bertha was there as a solo. She was dressed to attract. Lots of cleavage, helped with a push up and in bra, in a short black sequined evening dress. It barely covered her ample ass. Her legs were far shapelier than when I saw her fucked in the ass in the Bound Gym shower. There with Carl were the CIO, Bob, and his wife, Hannah. They were middle-aged white-collar couple. She was not pretty but elegant with a full figure. Not quite as large up top as me but plenty hippy. She was a few inches shorter than me. I would guess slim when younger but filled out, as she got older. 

Alison was with Tommie. I hugged Tommie and Alison as they came into the bar. I liked them together and I had a feeling Alison would share. I thought Alison was a lot like me except 10 years younger. Alison was wearing a very similar outfit to Bertha except she did not have as much overflowing. May and her husband, LJ, arrived. He was a black stud. Looked a lot like LL Cool J. May was wearing a red evening dress with white gloves. Tommie and LJ were also wearing a tux. Rose's two male programmers were solo. Both were very geeky and young. The one staying for the Roman Orgy was tall, ungainly, and very thin. His name was Ernie.
