 This happened about ten years ago, when I was mainly concentrating on finding my one true lover (Ha. What a pain in the ass that was!) and hadn't yet discovered that deep down I had a side to me that one would say was a total slut until this particular day, I had gone to the local boat regatta with a couple of girlfriends and for once, the weather actually cooperated instead of raining buckets as it tended to every year. Since it was only the regatta and hot, I had just thrown on some black shorts and a white one-piece bathing suit. What the hell, may as well be comfortable and save on a few pieces of dirty laundry, I thought to myself.

For some reason, I always seem to had friends around that time that were either what many would deem 'normal size' (even if a good bit of them had practically no ass nor tits to brag about) or a couple that were downright hot; maybe it stemmed from my belief that if I hung with these types of babes, I'd get checked out by decent guys too; never mind I was the crowd's 'cute fat chick,' not one to break mirrors nor scare children in the looks department, even though I'm not a supermodel type either. Well, that theory was a bust, but I did get some nice friends for awhile before I moved away to where I am now. 

Nevertheless, the four of us had a whale of a time at the regatta till Stephanie had to go home and get her kid from her ex-husband and the other two eventually met up with two passably attractive (in my book anyway) guys maybe in their 30s that had a hot powerboat and had invited them for a ride around the rivers. And just like any other ‘cute fat chick,' yours truly got left behind, which was nothing new even though it still hurt sometimes. Besides that, it was getting nauseating seeing a bunch of crusty older guys in their 50s if not older going around in tight trunks or Speedos with their beer guts hanging out. The kind that isn't fuck-able in the least, even when a woman was drunk out of her mind. 

Jesus, I thought at that moment, have some respect for yourselves and put a shirt and your pants back on! 

I was out getting out of there. 

I was in the process of leaving and catching the next bus to go back to my apartment when I spied two guys that were near a hot-looking, huge boat that looked like a yacht. Even in their loose shorts, I could tell they had great asses. I decided to stay for a bit just to watch them get ready to get some sun, booze it up and have fun on their giant watercraft. They wouldn't notice someone like me, so I knew nothing great would be happening, but I decided to stay for the ‘show' anyway. I just loved looking at those tight asses when one or both of them would bend over…yes, I am an ass woman to the bone! 

Well, into maybe 20 minutes of me checking these guys out, and not noticing I had one of my big tits slowly creeping its way out of the suit I had on, I got busted checking out the view of sorts. It was also about that time I had looked down and saw the escaping tit and hurriedly stuffed it back in. Turns out in my quest of enjoying the view of the two boat studs, I'd put on a mini show of my own! Why the hell else would one of them be coming my way? 

"Hi there," a dark haired guy from the boat said. "We saw you checking things out. Like our boat? 

I smiled. "Very impressive. Do you take it out all the time?" 

"We try. It belongs to Jim's dad, but he lets us borrow it once in awhile, provided we give it back in the same condition we took it." 

I made a silly comment about a boat that nice being a chick magnet and he nearly laughed his ass off. "We wish!" 

"Oh come on, a boat that nice and two good looking fellows like you? You have to be pulling my chain." 

"Yeah, well, a lot of people in our crowd don't like going out on the river too much, especially the women. It's a river, not the fucking Atlantic Ocean; what's gonna happen out there? Then again, the cops are also cracking down on drinking and operating boats, so maybe that don't like that shit either." 

"They don't know what they are missing," I grinned. 

"You wanna take a trip out with us? Jim and I won't bite, I promise." 

Now it was my turn to laugh. 

"So where are your girlfriends?" I asked curiously. "I'm not getting on that boat and end up having one of them stick the wrong end of a shotgun in my face!" 

"Don't have any," he said. "Jim's woman dumped him about six months ago for some rich old fart and I'm not ready to be serious with anyone yet." 

What the hell, I thought, it sounded like fun and the guy appeared to be pretty decent. Besides, the two other gals (that I knew could be sexually wild themselves when the occasion called for them to be--Tracey, the biggest slut of the two, was only 29 at the time and alone had already fucked at least 100 guys, having three abortions, two bouts of gonorrhea and couple of other STDs since losing her virginity at 14 to the husband of the neighbor lady she had babysat for ) I had come to the regatta with that eventually abandoned me were probably getting laid by the two grunts that picked them up by now anyway, so I didn't have to worry about taking a boat ride myself and them hanging around worrying. 

Once on the huge boat and having introduced themselves as Dale and Jim, it was amazing how smooth a ride their craft was and I told them so. By now they had thrown off their T shirts, planning to get some sun and they had settled down while I sipped on a wine cooler and they tossed down some beers. Soon they'd gotten tipsy and Jim had made the silly comment about how they'd gotten a glimpse of my almost fall-out back at the park earlier. I was right after all; Dale DID come over because of the tit view! 

Somehow the conversation turned to small tits vs. big tits and how neither of them liked "plastic chicks with plastic tits." Once we'd hit the middle of nowhere on the river without another boat in sight, Jim jokingly cracked that he'd give me $20 if I pulled the top of my suit down and showed them BOTH of my tits. 

Well, I was bashful about it at first, but I figured they'd seen one practically pop out, they may as well get the full show. I pulled the straps off my shoulders and let the top of the suit fall, naked from the waist up. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, baby!" Dale said with strong praise, "Mother Nature certainly blessed you! Those are some beautiful boobs!" 

Jim had reached out and felt up one of my nude melons. "And they feel so nice and soft." He then shoved a $20 bill in the pocket of my shorts. 

"You didn't have to do that," I giggled. 

"You showed us your tits, you made a twenty, just as Jimmy promised," he grinned broadly. "And I'll give ya another $50 if you get totally naked for Dale and me and show us if it's true if a bigger body really is better." 

$50?!!!! "Well…." I hesitated, thinking Jim was joking around anyway. 

"Shit, in that case, let's make it $80 and you'll go home with an even hundred just for showing us your tits and ass. Come on, baby, strip for us." 

Whether it was the effects of the wine coolers I'd had, the appreciation these two guys showed about "the naturally biggest boobs we'd seen yet," or both, but this time I had taken no time in pulling off my shorts and the rest of my bathing suit, still a little self-conscious about my large ass and just being totally naked in front of two strange men in the middle of nowhere… 

But at that point, I saw Jim and Dale's cocks going from zero to rock hard in a millisecond, rising up and making a tent in the crotch of each of their shorts. Dale then got up, dropped his own shorts, then came over and planted the heaviest kiss on me I'd ever felt. 

I opened my eyes and scanned the boat for Jim, who was just standing a few feet away with the biggest grin on his face and also totally naked with his cock standing straight out. With that silent approval, I let my hands begin to roam all over Dale's body. What a nice one it was. Nice firm ass..good sized cock; at least seven inches. 

His hands were exploring my body too and they felt good, especially rubbing my ass and tits as he kissed me, his tongue deep in my mouth. My nipples were now rock hard and both guys quickly began taking turns licking and sucking them, much to my delight. 


Dale obviously didn‘t want to be greedy and keep me to himself, so he pulled away and turned me toward Jim, who had was standing with his cock in his hand. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about seeing two men I knew less than a couple of hours in the buff, but I found myself so incredibly turned on that I didn't care at that point. Jim approached me and we began to kiss. His hands immediately went to my ass and began to work my fat cheeks. Dale watched for a moment, no doubt getting more turned on himself. 

"The afternoon is turning out better than I could've imagined," I thought. "I'm glad now I had a tit almost pop out and I missed my bus home!" 

Dale began to stroke his cock as he watched me drop to my knees and begin to suck Jim's stiff member. He had a at least an eight inch, thick one and it was stretching out my mouth and his cock dripped pre-cum into it. 

Jim looked over at Dale and said, "Dude! This babe really knows how to suck cock! Come here and have some of this!" 

Dale walked over to and presented his tool to me as I pulled off of Jim's cock and quickly engulfed Dale‘s. "Man…you weren't kidding…what a mouth!" Dale praised as I sucked him down. 

Jim stood and stroked while he watched me give Dale a blowjob. Getting braver and realizing that I both forgotten how great sex could be and realizing that it had been ages since I had sucked cock and been fucked by a man, much less two of them at once, switched back and forth between both guys, taking turns on both their rods. 

Dale then pulled out and said, "Let's get you on that chaise over there and spread your legs for us." I did what they wanted and spread as wide as I could, showing a full view of my shaved mound. Dale homed in on it and wanted to bury his face there; Jim must've had the same idea as he asked if I liked to get my pussy eaten. I smiled and said it had been a long time, but the last time I was eaten, I loved it. 

Jim looked at Dale and said, "Go ahead dude, you take the first dive into pussyland!" 

Dale dove down and started licking away as I moaned with satisfaction. Jim egged him on as Dale swirled his tongue around my clit and then fucked me with his tongue. 

"Go on man. Eat that twat! She loves it! Let's make her crazy with pleasure. Do it! Make her cum for us!" 

I then had an idea of my own as my slutty side was really coming out now. "Get over here Jim and let me suck that big pole of yours," I breathed as Dale continued to eat me out. 

Jim stood beside me on the chaise as I took his cock into my mouth again. Dale couldn't see exactly what was happening, but by the sounds of his groans and the slurps, Dale could tell I was on round two of Jim‘s cock. 

Dale was working me up into a frenzy with tongue-to-clit and tongue fucking action. He was working himself up into one, too. I could tell he was ready to take the plunge into my pussy. Dale then stood up and put his cock right up to entrance to my vagina. 

I pulled off of Jim's cock and said, "I'm ready for it. Give me your cock. Fuck me!" 

Jim looked back over his shoulder and said, "Go for it, dude. Slide it in there and fuck the hell out of her." 

Dale didn't need any more encouragement. He pushed each inch in slowly, savoring the smooth, hot feel of my soaked cunt. Jim, still looking back, said, "Fuckin' hot man. Fuck that cunt." Dale started to stroke in and out slowly, then faster. Jim began to fuck my mouth as Dale fucked my pussy. 

After giving me a hard fuck for about ten minutes, Dale called out to Jim, "Man, you gotta get a feel of this pussy! So tight and so fucking hot! I never done a chick this fucking good!" 

Jim pulled out of my mouth and Dale pulled out of my cunt and Jim dropped to his knees between my legs and said, "I want to fuck you baby, but I wanna taste you first!" 

I smiled and said, "Go for it, stud!" 

Dale walked over and started licking my nipples and making out with me. He looked down between my legs and saw Jim licking my dripping snatch for all he was worth. I was moaning and Jim's equally talented tongue had given me the first orgasm of the day. 

I pushed his head out from between my thick thighs once I had cum. "Now I'm ready for more cock! Put it in me, Jim. I think you'll find that I can't get enough of really good dick now! Fuck me now!" 

Jim stood up and eased his meat into me. Dale had started jacking his tool while Jim had started to really giving my cunt a pounding. I was loving it and reached over to Dale, stroking his cock in time with Jim's thrusts. 

I looked at Dale and said, "How would you like to get inside my pussy again?" 

"I'd love it, but Jim just got started. I don't want to interrupt." 

I said, "You don't have to. I've read about double vaginal and even seen some pics and it done in porn movies, but I never had the opportunity to get two men and try it." 

Jim looked up at me and said, "You wanna get your cunt double-dicked?" 

"I want to try both of you studs pumping in my pussy at once." 

Jim looked at Dale and said, "I'm game if you are, man." 

I thought about it for a few seconds. The pics and movies I'd seen were hot, I have to say, but I was wondering if I'd gone too far and if it would hurt to have two cocks in my pussy at the same time. At the same time, I thought it would be kind of fun and incredibly hot to see how much they could stretch my snatch and how much pleasure they could give me as a team. 

Jim pulled out me and laid on his back on another deck lounge as I straddled his cock and sank down on his tool. Dale then got up on the lounge on his knees behind me and put his cock against my cunt, above Jim's throbber. He pushed very slowly, his cock edging into the tight little space between Jim's cock and my stretched cunt lips. 

"Yes, go slowly," I said. "I never tried this before." 

Dale went very slowly. So slow, that it was like time stopped as he went little by little by little. I almost couldn't believe it was happening. I was taking two cocks at once! 

Jim encouraged him on. "You're getting there, dude. We're gonna fill this baby up." 

Finally, Dale was all the way in. Damn, it was tight! I said, "Hold on right there just a moment." I reached under, felt the bases of both of their cocks with my hand, moaned and started rubbing my clitoris for just a few seconds. Soon, I began to grind my hips and we both instinctively knew it was time to start fucking. Jim pulled out a little and then pushed back in, then Dale pulled out a little and then back in. We started alternating like that almost like a seesaw. I've never felt so much pleasure as I did at that moment. 

"Mmmmmm. Oh, I'm gonna cum so fast," I said. "You guys are gonna make me cum over and over!" 

We started to get a good pace going. Back and forth. I started to loosen up a little bit, but it was still the tightest pussy fuck I ever had. We got to where both guys were fucking me for all they were worth. I was surprised to find how turned on I was to feel Jim's hard cock rubbing against Dale‘s as both pounded my cunt. Damn, it felt good. I guess I'd just learned something new about myself. The realization only served to make me hornier! 

Suddenly, I cried out as an intense orgasm washed over me, "I'm cumming, I'm cummmmmmming!!!!!" as my whole body shuddered. It was starting to get them close, too. I could tell Dale was trying to hold off, though and didn't want it to end just yet. I could tell Jim was getting there, too, by the sounds of his guttural grunts and moans. They kept thrusting. Jim's hands were on Dale's hips, pulling him harder into my pussy. Damn, here's another first - seeing a guy's hands on another, nearly touching his ass. It was like the three of us had become one big fuck machine. 

Before I knew it, I was having another orgasm. This time, I knew Dale couldn't hold back much longer. Just knowing how much pleasure they were giving me was going to push him over the edge. 

Dale announced, "Fuck! I'm so close to exploding here! I'm gonna cum soon!" 

"Cum in my pussy," I said. "I want you both to fill my pussy with your hot cream!" 

Jim said, "We're gonna fill you up, honey. I'm gonna blow soon, too. You‘ll get lots of this hot cum!!!" 

Hearing this, Dale lost it. His head began to buzz and he saw fireworks as his cock shot deep into me a flood of jism. He kept pumping like he was on automatic until his balls and cock were drained of the last drop of sperm. 

I heard then Jim say, "AHHHHHHHHH…I'M CUMMING NOW!!" and I felt his hot eruption join Dale's own load of cock juice in my twat and run over Dale's cock and out onto his nuts. 

"I'm cumming again!" I cried and felt my body spasm as they exploded inside me. Once we had all cum, we collapsed on the lounge in a heap of well-satisfied flesh. 

We lay like that for the longest time before it was time to go back. Dale then got up and put his shorts back on over his nakedness, going in to turn off the autopilot on the boat before turning it around to go back to the docks at the park. Jim and I had also put our clothes back on in the meantime and we all enjoyed the view of the city as we made our way back. 

We'd gotten back to the docks in time for me to leave and go get the next bus home. I still had the odd feeling in my crotch from having my cunt stretched by two cocks in it at the same time, as well as feel the wetness of their cum leaking out of my slit. Of course, I didn't tell my friends about the double fuck my pussy had taken that day; first I doubted they would believe me anyway and second, I was beginning to feel dirty from offering myself to two men so easily. What was I, some kind of easy whore? 


The shameful feeling of being a filthy slut for having sex with two men on a boat in the middle of one of the three rivers soon passed when I got home and reached into my shorts' pocket. Jim had not given me the $80 to make an even hundred, but I had found a wad of cash that counted up to $1,000--ten times what he‘d promised me! That must have been some fuck I gave them for them to have blown that kind of dough--especially on sex with someone of size like me! 

The rest, as the saying goes, is history. For me, that would be sexual history, that would go up to the pool party gang bang last summer...