 Part 1

Wow! Just got back from a 5 day cruise to Mexico and still can't believe what happened to us. The cruise line advertises that they create memories that last a lifetime but the cruise line didn't create these memories! Let me back up a bit and explain what happened on our trip and how it will change our lives forever.

My name is Bob and my wife's name is Lisa. We were on a cruise for our 25th wedding anniversary gift. Also joining us was Lisa's twin sister Dina and her husband Roger. Now this will seem strange to many but Roger is my younger brother. Yes, two sisters (twins) married brothers. Not only that, but we got married in a double ceremony 25 years ago so not only was this our silver anniversary gift to ourselves, it was Roger and Dina's as well.

As I mentioned, Lisa and Dina are twins. However, they are not identical twins. Lisa is short, an even 5 feet and very petite. She has small A cup breasts but nice hips that gives her small ass quite a sexy shape. She has short light blonde hair that is feathered back at the ears. She kind of has that Farrah Fawcett hairdo that was so popular in the 1970's.

Dina is about 4 inches taller and definitely more blessed in the tits area. Probably a large B or small C cup with a larger ass yet with a great shape that is accentuated when she wears tight jeans.Dina takes after her mother with her long red hair that is mostly straight and goes down half way between her shoulders and her hips.

Roger and myself even have similar careers. He's been selling Ford cars and trucks and I've been selling Chevys for the past 20 years.We've both been quite successful and we've both won numerous awards at our dealerships. Of course you can only imagine the friendly rivalry there. Both Lisa and Dina are registered nurses and work together and a large hospital nearby. Also, we live in the same part of town in Orange County, California. Less than a 5 minute walk separates our homes.

Throughout our 25 years, obviously we've been close. We've dined together, camped out together, gone to Disneyland, we're all Dodger's season ticket holders so there's been a lot of common interests that have kept us close through the years. We both had 2 children and both of our youngest graduated from high school this past year and are on their way out of town to go to college in Tempe,Arizona.

Although I have noticed Dina's figure and always thought she was attractive and sexy, our relationship has been completely innocent. Not even sexy conversation or innuendos between any of us. Our relationship with each other was always based on mutual interests and our families and nothing to do with sex.

Monday, we boarded the ship at the LA Harbor in San Pedro. Once we got on board we were getting quite hungry so we went up to the 11th deck to the buffet while we waited for them to have our rooms ready. We tried to get adjoining rooms but the best our travel agent could do was set us up on the 5th deck four rooms apart on the same hallway. Still, we would be seeing a lot of each other and we had already picked up a few brochures to see what kind of excursions we could do during our trip.

Part 2

After lunch we went to our rooms to find them ready. Our luggage had been delivered to our rooms by the porters so we all took that time to unpack and put our clothes in drawers and hang in the closets.

It was already getting quite warm outside. It felt like it was in the 80s so we decided to check out the pool and the sundeck on the 12th deck. Two very large pools separated by two large hot tubs in the middle. Long rows of lounge chairs awaited us as well as a reggae band and a bar happily selling all the liquor a person can handle.

We grabbed four adjoining lounge chairs and decided to lay out and enjoy the sun. Lisa had bought a nice two piece bathing suit with a definite patriotic look. It was red, white, and blue with the blue background on her bikini top and bottom. On the blue background were white stars. The top part was fairly conservative and covered most of her small A cup breasts, but the bottom piece rode high up her thighs and exposed a large portion of her ass. I definitely had one body part that wanted to salute her!

Dina removed her robe and revealed the identical bathing suit. Wow, it looked great on her but again she's my wife's sister so keep your eyes inside your head Bob and don't stare. Finally Lisa admitted that they went shopping together before the trip and decided to buy matching outfits.

One more thing got my attention but I tried quite hard to pretend I didn't notice. Dina was going to lay out in the lounge chair to my left. She had sat down, then stood back up to adjust the lounge position and move her towel around. After doing so she turned and faced me for just a few seconds. My eyes got a close up view of her sexy bikini bottom but what got my attention was the fact that I saw some strands of red pussy hair that had crawled out of the bottom.

In all these years, I had never seen Dina exposed like this. She had always been quite conservative in her attire when around us I don't ever recall her not wearing a bra except when we were in our swim suits. And this swim suit on her exposed a lot more than I'd ever seen. Her top showed a slight bit of cleavage but the bottom showed a very shapely ass and that little peek of red pubes.

We had been laying out for about 30 minutes when a another couple came walking by. They were both tall, him about 6'2 and quite slender and her about 5'8 and kind of large. Not large as in fat, but large as in a large bone structure.She was quite fit and had a very impressive set of tits that had to be at least 40 D's. They looked to be in their early 50s. He had short dark hair with a receding hairline. A little gray at the sides. She had very short dark hair but with a genuine smile and bright green eyes. She had quite full lips that were as sexy as hell.

I hear him yell out, "Hey,there's Roger and Dina!" Roger and Dina look up and immediately recognized them as Jim and Jill. They both stood up and exchanged handshakes and hugs. However, when Jim hugged Dina, this was a very long hug with a kiss on the lips. Not only that, but his hand wandered down to her bikini-covered ass and rubbed it. Dina smiled all this while. I looked over at Lisa and she had the strangest look on her face. She obviously had seen the same thing and was speechless.

It was common for us to hug the other partner's spouses but we had never kissed them on the lips and certainly not ever grabbed their asses!

Roger and Dina introduced us to their friends, Jim and Jill. They were surprised to see them since they had moved to Las Vegas 2 years ago after Jim's dad passed away. Jim and Jill had taken over the family camera store business.

Jim and Jill had planned on surprising Roger and Dina when the cruise was over by going to their house in nearby Orange County. So, with this unexpected surprise Lisa and myself figured we'd be doing more things alone on this trip.

Still, the thought of Jim being so fresh with Dina was bothering me. Did Roger see it? Did he care? Since Roger and myself had always been close and could talk about anything, I made an excuse to get Roger to go back inside with me so we could talk.

Part 3

We went to a bar on the 7th deck. As we each drank a beer, I asked Roger point blank about Jim's behavior with Dina. Roger hesitated a bit, thought carefully about what to say, then surprised the hell out of me with this confession:

"Bob, I must be honest with you. Dina and myself about 5 years ago visited the Red Rooster swing club in Las Vegas. We met Jim and Jill there. We began talking and discovered that we were from the same area in Orange county. It was also the first visit to a place like this for either of us. We hit it off very quickly and after a few drinks and some discussions about swinging we decided to "soft swap" on our first visit."

"Soft swap?" I asked with a confused look on my face. "Yes, a soft swap is where all kinds of foreplay is allowed including oral sex but at the end you end up with your own partner completing the sex act"

"After that we enjoyed it so much that we eventually began full swap and it really enhanced our marriage. We are now as horny as ever with each other and we have full trust and confidence in our partner."

"Since they moved to Vegas a couple of years ago, we'd only seen them once and that was when Dina joined me on a sales trip for two days last year. They joined us in our motel room and we renewed some good old times."

By this time I was practically speechless. I love my brother but this really floored me. I wasn't being judgmental but I had never imagined him and Dina being that adventerous. Roger, knowing that I'm very seldom at a loss for words asked if I was ok.

"You know, Roger, if this makes you two happy then I'm happy for you both. I probably will have lots of questions in the future but I'm happy for you. I'm not sure if I should tell Lisa though. How will she act?"

"Big bro (Roger's pet name for me), that's up to you. She loves her sister too much to hold it against her."

Roger was quite right. Lisa and Dina had always been as close as myself and Roger. I knew even if Lisa disapproved, that this bit of knowledge would not tear them apart. Plus, Lisa had seen Jim's handling of Dina's ass and would expect some explaination. 


After we finished our beer we went back to the pool. Dina, Lisa, Jill, and Jim were enjoying their conversation. They were all laughing and seemed to be getting along quite well. I excused myself to go back to our room and get a shower and looked at Lisa. She knew I wanted her to join me so she excused herself a couple of minutes later.

Part 4

When Lisa came back to our room I motioned for her to sit down next to me on the bed. I repeated the conversation I had with Roger. Lisa sat quietly but didn't look too angry. I wanted to make sure that this wouldn't ruin her cruise.

"Well Bob, it's obvious that they are happy with this. I guess I'm a little hurt that they never asked us to be involved."

Involved? Was my sweet little wife only bothered by the fact that we weren't invited to be part of their lifestyle?

I was trying to choose my words carefully. "Are you saying that if they asked us to partake of this lifestyle that you would actually consider it?"

"Well, I saw the big smile on Dina's face when Jim grabbed her ass," she continued. "I know her as well as anyone else and that smile was genuine and her hug and kiss she gave him was quite real."

"Shit", I thought. " Honey, you've always been so conservative in your behavior and you've never even acted slutty outside of our bedroom before."

"I know Bob but after watching Dina today and hearing what Roger told you I have to admit the thought intrigues me"

"Well, I've always thought your sister was quite attractive but even if she is a swinger I kind of doubt that she'd be interested in me"

Now, not that I'm that bad looking but I stand about 5'9 and have about and extra 20 pounds on my frame. Roger is about the same height but he's always been quite trim. He is one of those guys that can eat any food in sight and never gain a pound. Also, I'm not what a person would consider well hung. I max out at about 6 inches when erect. I don't know about Roger since I haven't seen him nude since we were little kids.

"Babe" Lisa interrupted, Dina told me years ago that I had a handsome husband and that we were both lucky that we landed such nice looking guys that were so good to us."

Well, I knew that Roger had told me years ago that when we married sisters that we got the two prettiest ones. There was no doubt that Roger would probably enjoy Lisa. 

The rest of the conversation centered on how to talk to Dina and Roger. We decided to invite them as well as Jim and Jill to join us for drinks after dinner. We'd meet at the bar on the 7th deck.

Part 5

All six of us are sitting around a large table. At the beginning the silence was a bit awkward. I decided to just come right out and tell them what Roger and myself had discussed earlier as well as mine and Lisa's conversation.

Lisa had several questions about the lifestyle. She also made it clear to Dina that whatever she does will not affect her love for her as a sister and best friend. This brought Dina to tears. She had wanted for so long to tell her sister about this but was afraid that she'd get pissed and not love her as much.

Another thing Lisa and myself discovered was that Jim and Jill were really some super people. They were at ease talking about their lifestyle and they were quite open about their lives, their families, and their career in the camera business. 

Although they all could be considered swingers, they had only swapped with one another. They had been so content with each other that neither had sought out additional partners. That was about to change though.

It became obvious after a few drinks that this was leading somewhere. The question was, who was going to fuck whom? Again, Jim and Jill showed the kind of good people they were and suggested that for the first night the other four of us get together. They knew how close we were and said it would be selfish on their part to want to break myself and Lisa in. 

However he did add that he couldn't wait to get Lisa in bed and give her the time of her life! We got up to leave to go back to our rooms. Jim gave Lisa a hug and kiss on the lips and an ass grab just like he gave Dina earlier. I saw such a look of pleasure on Lisa's face. I knew then she'd be ok. It also emboldened me to give Jill a similar goodbye hug. However, I put my right arm around her neck and kissed her full on the lips while my left hand rested on her right breast. She was wearing a tank top with a thin bra and I could feel her hard nipple through the fabric. She made no attempt to stop me so I figured she was ok with it.

We took the stairs down to the 5th deck where our rooms were. We stood in the Centrum area where all the duty free shopping was. This was awkward for all of us but at the same time we were eager to go through with this. The question was, same room or separate rooms?

The one thing about the staterooms on cruise ships, there isn't a lot of room. About 140 square feet total and that includes the bathroom, shower, and closet space. With such limited space, we decided we trusted each other enough to go to separate rooms. However for the first time we decided to have foreplay together then I would join Dina in her room to finish while Roger and Lisa stayed in our room. We also agreed to stay the night with the other's partner.

We go inside our stateroom and all sit on the edge of the bed except Dina, who sits on the chair at our small desk. I felt like a kid at Christmas. I had this gift I couldn't wait to unwrap. We began with some idle chit chat then I stood up and walked to Dina. I planted a big kiss on her lips. She responded with a passionate kiss that told me she wanted this. I saw Roger do the same to Lisa. He also ran his hand up her blouse to feel up her tits. Lisa often went without a bra due to the small size of her tits so Roger had pretty easy access.

I stood Dina up and continued to hold her close while kissing her. Her tongue reached in and probed inside my mouth. There was a passion that I had not felt in a long time. Yes, it was the newness of it but this was a very willing partner. I slipped her thin spaghetti strapped top off to reveal a simple white bra covering her tits. This bra definitely fit the image I had of her as being rather modest. She reached behind herself and undid the clasp. In front of my eyes were two shapely tits that barely had any sag to them. Her nipples were a light pinkish color. I began playing with those nipples kneading them between my fingers.

We looked over at Roger and Lisa and they had already gotten completely undressed. They had already assumed the 69 position. I knew from experience that this was a favorite of Lisa's.She was already moaning and she had already gotten a big wet spot on the bed from her cumming.

Roger was certainly better hung than myself but I realized that I was much thicker. Roger was at least 8 inches and Lisa had her mouth full of cock while he was munching down on her little pussy. Lisa had a thick patch of dark blonde hair below but kept the opening to her pussy well shaved at all times. This seemed to please Roger because he was really going at it. They seemed to be so oblivious to our presence. I could tell however, that this was turning on Dina and when she reached down to my short pants and felt my aching hard-on she knew that I was enjoying the show.

We curtailed our activity for a little bit while we watched our spouses go at it. We heard Roger tell Lisa that he was about to come. With that warning, Lisa turned herself around and commanded Roger to fuck her NOW!. I hadn't seen Lisa this assertive during sex in a long time. Roger obediently began ramming his dick in her. It wasn't long before I hear Lisa moaning loudly again. She must have had at least 4 orgasms then we see Roger pull out of her. He aims his cock right at her little tits and covers them up with his love cream. 

Quietly, Dina slips her top back on and sticks her bra in her purse. We go out the door telling them goodnight. They nodded at us and smiled. 

Back at Dina's room I immediately take off my shirt and she removes hers. We begin kissing passionately again. One thing about Dina, she is a VERY good kisser. I wanted to get to other parts of her body but she was getting me so worked up with her lips and her tongue.

Finally I worked my hands down to her crotch. She had on a pair of pink shorts and she had already soaked through her panties to her shorts. I fumble around a little nervously but I finally unbutton her shorts and pull them down. I wasted no time in pulling down her panties. There in front of me was an absolutely gorgeous thick patch of pure red pussy hair. It was full all the way to the bikini line. Of course earlier I had discovered that hair slipping out of her bikini but that seemed so long ago now.

I couldn't help but stare at her. She was so beautiful. Beautiful face, lips, breasts, ass, and a pussy to die for. She broke me out of my trance by grabbing my short pants and boxers and pulling them down at the same time. While bent down, she got on her knees and shoved my very hard dick in her mouth.

I wanted so hard to go down on her as well but I was about to explode. I told her I was about to come. She took me to the bed and made me lay down. She got over me and straddled my cock with her pussy. She took my shaft and guided it in very hard into her soaking wet pussy. She is very loud when she cums and will scream. Well, she was screaming. I held back as long as I could then I exploded what seemed like a gallon of sperm inside of her.

Dina fell on top of me. Her tits were up against my chest and our lips met again. We kissed for what seemed forever and never got tired. I apologized because I felt bad about now getting to go down on her. I wanted to give her more pleasure than just sticking my dick in her. She assured me that it's ok because we were going to get a lot more time together. She said this with a huge smile and another big kiss to me. After getting our showers, I didn't make her wait long. I took her naked pussy and buried my face down there and got her to cum again...several times. I came again and this time shot my load over her lovely titties. We fell asleep with her head on my chest. We awoke the next morning in that same position.

Next: Jim and Jill get involved and Roger and Lisa tell us about their night together.