 They met on a swinger site online. He read her profile and it piqued his interest. He had a busy week and was ready for some down time. Nice, intelligent profile. Not more of the ridiculous 'let's have sex' two paragraph crap reads he'd been perusing for a couple of weeks now. 

Ah, there was the profile saying the couple was online now!. He took a chance, and IM'd them. Turns out it was just her online. She seemed intelligent enough. As he talked with her online, he was aching to taste another woman. Such a variety! He was randy as his thoughts settled in that category - when it came to the scent and taste of women, no wonder men loved going down on them! 

Apparently, she liked men with deep voices. Check. And she liked it when they took their time. Check. She liked oral sex. Check.Check.Check. Oh man, he needed sweet release. He needed to fuck and be fucked in return. 

She was married, but her husband played too. He asked her if she'd had MFM before. Nope. This could be a lot of fun if they clicked. She viewed his private photos, said she liked what she saw. She opened hers for him. She was cute! 

They chatted on the phone for a bit. She confirmed what he already knew. Not to be cocky but he did have that voice she was looking for. He liked to talk dirty in bed. Hoping they could meet soon. His mind began to wander after the refreshing banter and chat. 

~Meeting her, having a glass of wine, or two. With her husband's permission, taking her by the hand, while he followed to watch. Low rock music playing in the background, candles in the master for a bit of ambiance. He could smell her scent wafting through the hall way, God she smelled so fantastic. Something about her smell aroused him, his cock swelling. Quickly. 

Her husband took his glass of wine, and settled into a seat on one of the chairs in their master bedroom. He relaxed back, a look of contentment and pleasure on his face. I took my finger and lightly rubbed it down her arm, near her breast and softly asked "are you nervous?", "a little" she replied, her huge almond shaped eyes looking into mine. 

I began my seduction. A true southern gentlemen, with desire tugging at my groin. Aching. I began to kiss her, then. Softly at first, getting a feel for her lips, the taste of her tongue softly exploring mine. She tasted good. She said in her profile she wanted sexual tension, I plan on providing this. 

She had on a cute gray skirt, with a sexy brown sweater, a button down. Love those button downs - and a necklace dangling, tantalizing me, just above her cleavage. Tasteful, too. Not to much for show, just enough to invite me to stare longingly. I slowly ran my hands softly up and down her arms, while my kissing grew more demanding. Leaning into her hair, I whispered in her ear "he's watching me seduce you, its turning him on". She moaned. 

Turning her around, leaning her back into my chest, I began a slow foray from her arms, to tease the curves of her breasts. She wanted to feel more, I could tell by the way she began arching back, against my body. My cock punched hard into my jeans. That ache, the pleasure of more to come was already driving me mad. 

Slowly I kissed the nape of her neck, making deep moaning sounds when my cock hardened up and surged forward. I sat down on the bed, bringing her with me to sit on my lap, still facing away from me but right where her husband could enjoy a full show. My hand snaked up the side of her shirt, on the inside, feeling for her breasts. I had no idea their shape, consistency, what her nipples looked like, even if she liked them played with. I ventured forth slowly.

To my delight, I found her bra to be lacy, thin, discovered breasts that were supple and shapely. I knew she must be giving her husband hot smokey bedroom eyes. Hubby was breathing a bit heavily, and I could see tightness in his face. A nice sign of sexual tension. I found her nipples, another treat to find them a perfect, pea size, and I began unbuttoning her shirt, slowly, button by button for his viewing pleasure and my increasing desire. 

I began playing with her nipples, and finally turned her to the side, so I could taste. Oh God, they were sweet. Beautiful breasts, and perfect pink nipples sitting on top of a tasty pink pad of flesh. I licked, flicked, tasted, and she began moaning in earnest now. I'd found one erogenous zone, I was certain. Glancing at her husband, he nodded, confirmation I'd hit nirvana. At least for now. 

She began moving her hips, which increased the ache in my pants dying to spring out of its prison. I continued playing with those tasty nipples, sucking, eating, devouring. There was a slash of movement, and I saw that hubby was ready to jump in. 

Her husband knelt before her, and slowly reached up her thighs while I continued working her breasts. Lacy white panties came off, and her husband turned her forward towards his face. Pushing her skirt seductively, and ever so slowly up her thigh. She was panting as he spread her legs, he began to nuzzle her, telling her how wet she was for us, how good she tasted, a healthy and very sexy groan escaped her throat. I began playing with her nipples in earnest. The feel of her body against mine, tensing up and releasing, tensing up and releasing was a huge turn on. 

Her husband was a tease. Her breathing became heavier, she jacked up and her hips began moving as the tennis player hubby must have found her sweet spot. I leaned forward, feeling for her and he moved his head, so I could feel the velvet softness. Shit. She was so fucking wet. And her clit, so hard and swollen. I wanted to finger it, rub it and make her cum. Tennis guy must have known what I wanted, because he backed up and gave me full access. God, I love that feel. A perfectly shaped clit under my finger, wet and swollen, hard. 

I knew it was aching for release. I stroked her up and down, slowly, then I swept her hair aside and began nibbling and kissing that sweet smelling skin. "mmmmm...God, you smell and taste soooo good, I love the feel of your clit under my fingers"...she moaned, arching against me, spreading her legs wider for me. 

Her husband stood and opened up her iPAD and began recording her moans and groans. This was a turn on. Maybe I could get a copy? My cock was thrumming. So hard, feeling her clit under my finger, smooth, swollen I could not wait much longer. Dipping down I felt her entrance, so wet, so hot. Her inner lips, swollen and puffy. I carefully backed up onto the bed, and sprung my cock free of my slacks, and laid her down. Her face flushed, her cheeks pink, a violet tint suffused her eyelids, something I've never seen before. 

Looking back up from the quick work of getting my pants off, I nodded to hubby, "fuck her". He didn't need a second verbal recommendation to do just that. He took his pants off, his cock springing forward, and slowly entered her. Gasping as he went. She must feel so good, I thought. I began to move down her body, going for more tit play, nuzzling her neck again I whispered all she wanted to hear "mmmmm, you taste fantastic, your clit- so hard under my fingers, I'm going to lick and flick your nipples while your husband fucks you, and you are going to come for us". She moaned oh so achingly and loud. 

Her breath began coming faster, her husband pumping into her. My mouth was working her nipples slowly, seductively while her husband continued to fuck her. My cock was dying. I need to get in there. Tennis guy must have known what I wanted, for he slowed down and nodded to me, as if to say "your turn", and went back to sit in his chair, rubbing his cock how men do when they plan on coming shortly. Although I don't play with men, I know the routine. 

I worked my way off the bed, and knelt myself in front of her. I want to taste. Her pussy was hot. Clit sexy as hell. Perfect size. Not too small, not too big. Just right. And my God, swollen and hard. Oh, I needed to taste and nibble on it. Stroking my cock for a beat, I leaned up and onto her with my entire length, "mmmmm baby, I'm going to taste you now, I've been wanting to taste you now for awhile" she bucked up against me. 

Kneeling, I slowly tongued my way around. Tasty. Very tasty. Extremely yummy. The end of my tongue drove her crazy, snaking up the thin lines of her inner lips, not yet touching her where she wanted it. She was glistening wet, purple and oh so engorged. The idea of knowing where I was going made my cock leak. 

I finally flicked slowly up the length of her shaft. I could feel her legs and hips and the tension. Her legs quivered She raised her hips ever so slightly off the bed, I moaned against her pussy as I was indulging "that's it, that's right, mmmmm, oh yeah...cum for me, c'mon, cum for me" 

My mouth had to hold on as I was suddenly gripped in a vice of thighs and I could feel her muscles spasm against my mouth and chin. Good thing I was not claustrophobic. Her legs kicked and jerked as her muscles continued to contract. Her breathing off the grid. I heard a loud groan decidedly not female and figured tennis guy had cum hard. 

I couldn't wait anymore. I pulled up from between her legs, kissing her sweetly, while she was still moaning. "Oh, god, oh god, oh fuuuck" she was saying, her chest heaving. Cradling my heavy cock in my hand, I guided myself into her. "Oh fuuuck " was right. Hot, tight, so wet and slick. Her walls gripped me, milking more leakage into her. 

"I don't know if I want to wait" I said to her, my teeth gritting together, my jaw working itself into a frenzy to keep control. Looking up at me, she began matching my movements, making me go faster. "Oh shit"....feeling her walls enclosed around me was my undoing. From the tips of my toes to my balls I could feel my orgasm coming. I exploded into her. Spasms rocking my body, slamming into my cock, my intense need to pump into her hard won- over and over and over I shot, I fucked her hard. 

Some time later, after some fluid and refreshments I planned on doing this again. This time her husband fucked her, from behind while she slid her hot mouth around my cock. Moans escaping all three of us. 

As my mind finally freed itself of this kick ass sexy daydream, I think I'll friend this one and plan to meet up with them soon. She did say she liked audio erotica. I wouldn't want to disappoint them, now would I?