 "I'm sorry, but the news I have for you isn't good," the doctor said.

Mia's heart lurched in her chest. Jeff's face took on a stricken expression. They held hands tightly, steeling themselves for his next sentence.

"We've checked sample after sample, and I'm afraid that the reason you haven't gotten pregnant, Mrs. Mayer, is that your husband's sperm count is so low as to be nonexistent."

Mia's hands gripped Jeff's even tighter in reaction. "You're sure, Doctor? Isn't there anything we can do?"

"I'm sorry," the doctor repeated. "Normally, if the sperm count is just low, we can take samples and concentrate them by spinning them in a centrifuge and then introducing the result vaginally. But in this case, even the few that we've seen lacked the overall motility necessary for the long journey they'd have to undertake." He actually sighed. "It's obviously not a matter of diet, health, testicular temperatures - any of those things. All of them were taken into account. Perhaps you'll consider adoption?"

Mia was crestfallen, but tried not to fall to pieces in the doctor's office. "Thank you for the suggestion, Doctor. We'll discuss it." Jeff himself was so shocked that he couldn't find any words to say. If the doctor had looked closely, he might've noticed Jeff's hand looking white, since, in her anxiety, Mia was squeezing all the blood out of it. The young couple uttered a few more sentences, not terribly coherently, and left the medical building. By tacit agreement, they didn't speak of this new information until they reached the privacy of their home.

Once they were inside, Jeff hugged Mia closely, murmuring, "I'm so sorry, darling. So very sorry."

Mia hugged him back. She loved him so much, she wanted to ease his burden. "It's all right, love. It's not your fault. I know you never did anything to harm your body. It's just what it is." She said these words, and she meant them, but she was speaking numbly, with what felt like an icy grip on her heart. She wanted a baby so much! Adopting was an option, if they just wanted a child. But, perhaps selfishly, Mia wanted to feel a baby growing in her womb. She wanted to breastfeed her newborn, too.

Jeff was no fool. He knew that Mia had dreamed of being a mother for years, just as he wanted to be a father. They'd tried and tried. At first, they just made love sporadically and spontaneously. But when Mia didn't conceive, they got more orderly and scientific about it. They'd read that a woman's morning basal temperature reading spiked when she ovulated, so they began watching for that, and timed their loving intercourse to those optimum times. But still no pregnancy.

Finally, they'd both gone in for tests. Mia was ovulating normally, so they were thinking of trying in vitro fertilization. But for that, they'd need a healthy dose of concentrated sperm from Jeff. So the doctor had arranged for samples of his semen to be analyzed. They now had the results. It seemed that Jeff wouldn't be fathering her child. She only briefly considered divorce, but Jeff was a good man, and she loved him. The thought of having a 'fling' with someone, and maybe getting pregnant that way flitted through her mind, but she couldn't betray her husband like that. She used up boxes and boxes of tissues, crying when he wasn't around to see it.

Mia tried to hide her reactions to this crippling disappointment, not wanting Jeff to feel any worse than she knew he already did. But Jeff was aware of how much she had her heart set on having a baby. Maybe even more than one. And he felt devastated. He wanted a child to raise, as well. He would've been OK with adoption. But he also knew that it wouldn't satisfy Mia's craving for the experience of carrying a baby to term, birthing it, breastfeeding, and the sort of bonding that occurs with all that.

He pondered the dilemma for weeks. Thankfully, Mia still seemed interested in sex. He'd been worried that she might think there was no purpose in it, if she couldn't get pregnant. His love for her intensified, solidifying his determination to help her become a mother. One night after dinner, they were cuddling on the couch, and the time seemed right. He broached the subject.

"Mia, honey... I've been thinking. We could get semen from a sperm bank and use it to get you pregnant. Even though I wouldn't be the biological father, the child would still be ours. And I'd be his or her dad, in all the really important ways. I'd be thrilled with that."

Mia gave him a tender kiss. "It's nice of you to suggest that, love. It'd occurred to me, as well. I know you can even read profiles of the donor, and choose certain characteristics. But..." She paused.

"But?" he prompted.

"This may sound silly," she said after sighing. "But in the back of my mind, I'd always know the guy who fathered the child. Not his name, probably. But enough about him to make him 'real' in my mind. That certainty... well... I don't know how well I could deal with it, over the long run." She kissed him again, with more passion. "But I love that you're willing to take that route, to make me happy."

Jeff couldn't help but notice that her eyes were shining with unshed tears. His heart actually ached to see that. He sighed, regretfully.

The next day, though, when he was taking a shower, a thought popped into his mind. He carefully went over what Mia had said the night before. A plan started to swim into his consciousness. It was a bit outrageous, he had to admit to himself. And he wondered if it was even feasible. He decided to say nothing to Mia, until he explored it more.

A few weeks later, he felt he was ready to explain his potential plan. Sitting on the sofa with Mia as they sipped an after-dinner glass of wine, he began. "Sweetheart, I've thought a lot about what you said weeks ago. About the problem with choosing a sperm donor." He saw that his statement had completely captured her attention.

"Yes?" she said.

"Please hear me out, because this may sound a little weird at first," he begged.

Mia took a swallow of wine, her eyes locked with his over the rim of the glass. "OK," she said. "I guess I'm ready to hear this."

"What if you had sperm from a whole bunch of men, and got pregnant. You'd have no idea which one was the father, so you'd never have some guy's image in your head, thinking 'he's the real father of this child' or things like that. Right?"

"Sperm from a whole bunch of men? All at the same time? No sperm bank would do that, would they?" She took a breath. "And even if they would, the cost would be astronomical! We'd never be able to afford it!"

"So those are the main barriers? The cost, and the facility's refusal?" Jeff asked. "Do you think it would solve the main problem, though? That of being fixated on the 'surrogate' father?"

Mia thought about it for a good long time, mulling it over in her mind. "Well, I guess so. I mean, I don't feel so... I don't know... skittish about that scene, mentally. But it's a moot point, isn't it?"

Jeff smiled and hugged her. "Not at all. I did some reading up on human genetics. You have dominant genes for things like hair color and eye color. Some of mine are recessive, which means there's a chance that our child might display your dominant genes, but there's also a chance he or she would express some of my recessive traits, too. For instance, our child could have dark hair, like yours, or even be blonde, like I am."

"OK, I admit you're getting me a little confused by switching to a lecture on genetics," Mia complained.

"Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to do that at all. I was trying to reassure you that if you have a dark haired child, or a blonde child, no one should bat an eye at that. That child could easily be truly ours."

"Oh, I think I get it now," Mia stated. "Your saying that if the sperm came from a blonde man, or a dark haired man, to the public, the resulting child could actually be from both of us."

"Exactly. Now here's the weird part," Jeff said.

Mia giggled. "We've finally gotten to the weird part, have we?"

Jeff blushed. "Yes. You see, I've got all these friends. Guys that are about my build and coloring, for the most part. And they're smart people. We're talking about engineers, scientists, lawyers, accountants - men with good brains, all of them. And they're all healthy."

Mia's eyelids rose out of sight. Her pupils dilated in shock, as she realized where her husband was going with this idea. "You mean... you're thinking that... you want them to... huh?" Her voice pitched up about an octave.

He nodded, actually grinning. "Yes. And I swore each to complete discretion and secrecy first, then discussed our situation. Remember, I was sharing with each of them that the problem was due to my virtual sterility - there was no fault on your part. A couple of them graciously declined, but the rest were quite willing to help us out. Five in all. Free of charge," he emphasized. His grin broadened. "So, we have the capability, and we can afford it. And I'm voting in favor of it. I want a child, too, my love. What do you say?"

"I'm... I'm flabbergasted, to be honest." She took another sip of wine, considering. Clearing her throat, she said, "I'm just realizing how vulnerable you were making yourself, telling your friends that. I thought that men sort of defined themselves as... well... as 'procreators' if that's a word. As vehicles of impregnation, raping and pillaging." She giggled, a little embarrassed. "I just don't have the right words to express my concept about how men define themselves as masculine, I guess." She gave him a very passionate kiss, and murmured, "That was actually very brave of you, darling. Your thoughtfulness never ceases to amaze me."

He gave her a warm hug. "Thank you. So, is that a 'yes' answer?"

"I hope its not the wine talking," Mia giggled. "And I reserve the right to completely change my mind in the clear light of the morning. But you went to all that trouble for me... for us. So, yes. As of this moment, I agree." She smiled, and then a practical thought occurred. "So what does this mean? On some day that I'm ovulating, they'll stop what they're doing, troop over here, and jack off into a bowl? Then we stir it, and use a scrupulously clean turkey baster or something?" She was alternately appalled and amused at the concept, and wondered if they'd do it in the bathroom or maybe the kitchen? "Please, Lord. Not in my kitchen! I'd never be able to cook in there again, knowing that!" she said silently to herself.

"Certainly, we'll need to track your ovulation. On the morning that your temperature rises, I can text them all. Hopefully most, if not all, can be here during that evening after work." He paused. Then stammered a bit, "And... and... and... if you want the bowl and turkey baster... that would be OK, too... but..."

"But?"

"But this is really important, Mia. Having the semen exposed to the air, the bowl surface, a spoon, the turkey baster... Well... we can try it that way, if you insist. But I'm not a jealous person, and this is my idea, after all." 

Mia looked confused. "You're not a jealous person..." she paraphrased, trying to understand what he was getting at. Then what he was truly proposing finally sank in. Her eyes grew as large as dinner plates! "Oh my god! You're saying you want all those men to have sex with me? That you're condoning it? Giving everyone permission?"

Jeff looked a little embarrassed. "Well... yes. I mean, it'd be OK with me if you did, one right after another. I guess I thought you'd enjoy it more that way." He saw her body language stiffen. He spoke quickly. "It'd be less clinical - more natural. I doubt if a turkey baster could give you an orgasm, and we know from our readings that a woman is more likely to conceive if she orgasms during intercourse," he babbled rather defensively. He swallowed hard. "Honey, I know I might be sounding like a nerd about this, but I truly want you to be happy, and for you to become a mother and me a father. That's our goal."

"Yes, I agree that's our goal, love," she replied. "This has just caught me by surprise. I'd never considered doing anything like this before." Listening, Jeff was encouraged that she wasn't dismissing the idea outright. "Ummm..." she voiced, "ummm... would you be in the room as they... as they 'did it' to me?"

"I'd love to be there, to make sure you're all right," he answered. "But if you want privacy for this, we could send them one at a time into our bedroom, and no one else would be aware of what happens each time."

"I see. Well, let me think about it," she temporized. They dropped the subject for that evening, but Mia pondered it for days afterward, mulling it over in her mind. She'd had other boyfriends in high school and college, so she wasn't a stranger to the idea of sex with other men. But once she'd married Jeff, she'd been faithful to him, and never thought of straying. On the other hand, it was difficult to feel she was being unfaithful to him, if he was the instigator of this solution to their dilemma. Still, she wondered if she'd feel guilty, anyway. Finally, she reached a decision, and shared it with her husband.

"OK, darling," she began, "I've thought over your proposal. First, I want to tell you that I appreciate your attempt to solve our problem in this rather uniquely weird way."

When Jeff heard her start in this manner, his heart sank. He braced himself for the word 'but' which would signal she had decided against this idea.

"So you'll forgive me if I feel I really need to add my own weird twist to this whole concept," Mia continued.

Jeff perked up. "She's not saying 'no' apparently," he thought. He listened carefully to her words.

"I realize that I'm not exactly being unfaithful to you if I let those other men have sex with me, especially since it's your idea, and especially since you'll be in the room, also. But... but I still fear that I might feel guilty afterward. So..." She paused and took a breath. "So... I'd like to be tied up the entire time it's happening." She blushed a deep shade of scarlet.

"You want... to be... tied up?" Jeff echoed, mystified. "Ummm... how? What do you mean?"

"I mean I want to feel helpless. Like I'm being ravished against my will. I know it sounds weird - it sounds kinky, or something. But I think I need it, sweetheart." She took a deep breath. "Will you do it?"

Jeff was stunned, and his mind was whirling. "Ummm... sure," he replied. "I'm just trying to think how." He rubbed his chin. "We need to render you helpless... hmmm." It looked like a light bulb popped up behind his eyes. "I guess we'd better consult the Internet." He laughed, and Mia giggled. After several days of research, they gathered the needed supplies, and practiced with them until they felt they were ready. Every morning, Mia began taking a basal temperature reading.

One morning soon thereafter, the temperature spiked. She was ovulating!

As Jeff called his friends and left for work, Mia took extra special care with her appearance, since she had all morning and afternoon to get ready. She started by taking an extra careful bath, shaving and plucking all the hairs off her body from her neck down. She studied her body in a full length mirror, noting all the flaws that were so obvious to a woman about herself. But eventually, she shrugged, basically because there wasn't a thing she could do about them on short notice. She hoped the men would be... errr... randy enough not to care too much. Brushing her hair until it shone, she arranged it in a pleasing coiffure. After a light lunch, she put on some soothing music, and read a book to take her mind off the upcoming event. She didn't concern herself with any special clothing outfit, since this wouldn't be a social evening. In fact, she expected to be naked in the bedroom when Jeff's friends... ummm... participated.

Hours later, she heard Jeff call out, "Honey, I'm home!" as he entered the front door. She greeted him with a loving kiss. "You still looking forward to this, darling?" he asked.

"To be honest, I'm a little scared. You know I've never done anything like this before," she shared.

"Should we call it off?" he asked.

Her heart fluttered and she could swear she felt her pussy muscles clench. "No," she said, tentatively. Seeing his look of concern, she repeated more strongly, "No. No, dear. I'm sure it's just a sort of stage fright. I remember what our goal is, and you'll be with me the whole time." Privately, she thought to herself, "I just hope he remembers that this was his idea, and that he doesn't get all bent out of shape physically or emotionally, seeing his friends... umm.. in me." Even in her mind, she found that the word 'fucking' was one she was avoiding.

Stroking Jeff's hair and chin, she whispered, " I have a nice dinner all ready for you. I don't want to eat or drink too much before... uh... we start... so I can avoid needing to use the bathroom." She served him that dinner, and they chatted during his meal about his workday. It helped distract her from what was coming.

Once he'd finished, Mia went and peed one final time, stripped off what little she was wearing then she asked sweetly, "Honey, will you tie me to the bed, please?"

Hearing those words from his naked wife gave Jeff an immediate stiffie - he hadn't realized that he must have a streak of kinkiness in his psyche. Mia saw his erection inside his pants and giggled. "That turns you on, I see," she chuckled. Her chuckling made her lovely tits bounce enticingly, and now Jeff's erection swelled until it was almost painful.

Conquering her humor, Mia reminded him, "Seriously, darling. Remember that I want you to have sex with me right after they leave. Who knows - maybe one of your sperm will be carried on the tide of semen, and it will manage to fertilize my egg. That way, there's a finite chance that the baby could really be from both of us."

Jeff wasn't going to argue that point with her. He was looking forward to having that bout of intercourse as much as she was, if not more. He kissed the palm of her hand, and then gently buckled on one of the leather cuffs that they'd bought. It was lined with some sort of soft, furry material, so that even if Mia tugged hard on the ropes, her wrists and ankles with be protected. Her other palm and both of her feet received kisses as the other cuffs were buckled in place.

On her back, Mia slid to the center of the bed, and stretched out her arms and legs until she was arranged in a spreadeagled pose. Jeff carefully tied ropes from her wrist cuffs to the upper bed legs. Before he secured her ankle cuffs, he placed a small pillow under her hips to raise and tilt her pelvis slightly. This would not only provide better access during the evening - it would also let gravity assist in keeping the semen inside her.

He stepped back to study the result. The sight was so erotic that he wanted to whip out his dick and either beat it off, or plow it into her. He'd never seen Mia looking more wanton than this. He grabbed his cell phone and took several shots of her. When Mia realized what he was doing, she blushed fiercely. But then she said, "The least you could do, dear, is prop my head up a bit, so I can smile for the pictures without straining my neck." She laughed, but Jeff took her seriously, placing another small pillow under her head so she could relax and look down her body. He kissed her lips, her nipples, and her pussy and then took another few images. She was indeed smiling for the camera, because Jeff's lips on her skin had made her tingle with delight.

She made a mock frowning face, stating, "I bet I look quite lewd like this." But then she rocked her shoulders in a shimmying action, making her tits wobble side to side, and grinned, saying, "But that's exactly the look we're going for, I think." She and he both chuckled at that, knowing it was true. The two of them had agreed that they may as well have all the men in the room at the same time, if they wished. Jeff was hoping that seeing her being fucked would dispel any hesitation and inspire the rest to increased vigor.
