 (Continued from pt 02)

Two weeks passed. Mia kept waiting for the onset of her cramps, virtually tiptoeing around on eggshells. The hours of each day went by at a very slow crawl. Subconsciously, she often gently rubbed her lower abdomen and mound, willing for a baby to be making its home there. Fifteen days passed... sixteen... seventeen... and still nothing. She'd had late periods before, so she tried to keep her hopes under control. She said nothing to Jeff about it, and, tactfully, he'd didn't press the issue.

Partway through the third week after their impromptu impregnation session, she couldn't wait any longer. She went to the pharmacy and bought a home pregnancy test. She wanted some privacy for this, so she waited until Jeff was off at work. Heart fluttering and feeling jittery, she went into the bathroom and read the directions carefully. They were quite simple. "So I pee on this stick, wait that amount of time, and then look at the indicator," she murmured. Fearing things might splash, she took off all her clothes and squatted in the bathtub. Holding her pussy lips out of the way, she held the stick with a trembling hand and relaxed her bladder muscle. 

Her hot, yellow stream hissed softly as she maneuvered the stick into its flow. She held it there 5 seconds, as directed. Then she moved the stick aside while she finished peeing. Luckily her lower body and feet stayed clean and dry, so she stepped out of the tub, and placed the indicator on the flat surface. The directions said wait 3 minutes - she checked her wristwatch. The little window showed an hourglass, reminding her of the passage of time. Those three minutes were agonizing. She kept glancing at the indicator window, but then looking away, almost afraid to watch.

Finally, her wristwatch said 3 minutes were up. She looked where the hourglass had been. It'd been replaced by the word 'pregnant' - and she couldn't believe her eyes! Trying very hard not to get her hopes up, Mia went out and got another test. She was going to repeat the test, but this time she was going to do it with Jeff present.

The next morning, she told Jeff she was going to take a home pregnancy test. He kissed her sweetly, and said, "I'm with you on this, you know, darling. Want me to help in any way?"

"The package says it only takes 3 minutes, honey. I guess you can put the coffee on while you wait."

Mia repeated her actions of the day before, and three minutes or so later, the test gave the same results. Hiding the stick behind her back, and keeping a straight face, she emerged from the bathroom. Jeff was sitting on the bed, waiting as patiently as he could. He looked at her expression, and feared the worst. "Well?" he asked quietly. "What does it say?"

It took some effort, but for a few more moments, Mia managed to keep her expression neutral. "Well... it says..." she began. Then she broke out into a huge smile. "It says I'm pregnant!" she crowed happily. "See?" She showed him the word in the display window.

Jeff's eyebrows rose and his eyelids flew up out of sight. "Really? Oh my god, honey! That's fantastic news!" They hugged and kissed for quite a bit of time, relishing the moment. Then Jeff said, "I want to pamper you, so you relax and I'll fix us your favorite breakfast."

He was as good as his word. And they ate and discussed the next step.

"I'll see my OB/GYN for a blood test," Mia decided. "It's supposed to be more accurate. If I'm really pregnant, we can have an appointment together to speak with her, and be certain what we should do - diet, things to do, things to avoid, stuff like that. Please don't announce this to your friends until we're sure."

Jeff agreed to keep mum about it, but he left for work with a huge, blissful grin on his face.

The blood work confirmed it - Mia was pregnant, and she and Jeff had her followup appointment scheduled. Mia patted her still flat tummy, and thought, "I'm really 'knocked up' as they say. Hello, in there, whoever you are, and welcome. I'm going to be the best Mommy I can be for you."

At their appointment with the doctor, they listened carefully to her instructions about diet and exercise. The doctor was quite clear, but she hadn't touched on one particular subject. Mia spoke up. "Doctor, you haven't said anything about sex. Is sex good or bad during pregnancy?" She felt her cheeks redden slightly as she broached the subject. Luckily, the doctor was pleased to answer.

"Unless your pregnancy encounters any problems - and I currently see no reason why it should - sex during pregnancy is fine. You might feel breast tenderness as your hormones change, so be honest with your partner if that's the case." She nodded toward Jeff as she said that. "If so, he might need to be more gentle than normal, or even avoid contact with them at all. During the late stages of pregnancy, nipple stimulation can cause the release of a hormone that brings on labor, so I'd be careful about that. You want your baby to come when he or she is really ready, not ahead of time." She smiled kindly.

"Your developing baby is protected by the thick, muscular wall of your uterus. And, as time goes on, it'll be floating in a tough bag of watery fluid that acts as a good shock absorber. A penis sliding in and out of your vaginal canal won't cause any troubles at all."

Heartened by the doctor's encouraging answer, Mia asked her followup question, but blushed a little brighter as she did so. "If vaginal sex is OK, Doctor, does that mean anal sex is, also?"

The doctor took the question in stride. "Yes. Vaginal, anal, oral sex - all of these are fine. And pregnant women, as their hormones elevate, often have an increase in their libido as well. So they can possibly crave sex more often than before." Still smiling, she held up a hand to signal she had more to say. "These women have asked me what positions are safe. So I explain to them, face up, face down, on your side, on your hands and knees, suspended in a sex swing - any pose that that doesn't put uncomfortable pressure on your abdomen is acceptable. So whatever you've been doing, you may just find that you'll be doing a lot more of it."

Mia and Jeff grinned happily at each other. They were silently sharing a laugh about how this baby had been conceived. The doctor, as enlightened as she appeared to be, might still be a little shocked and scandalized if she understood what the two of them had been doing to achieve this result.

The doctor chuckled. "You know, there are various cultures and societies around the world that believe that the baby is only partially formed at conception. They feel that the man must keep injecting semen into the woman to ensure that the growing baby gets the material it needs to complete its development. Scientifically, we know that this isn't the case, but it might have some basis in the woman's heightened libido, demanding more sex. Do you have any more questions?"

The couple looked at each other briefly. "No, Doctor. I don't think we do, at this time. Thank you very much for your time and advice." Giving her grateful handshakes, they took their leave of her office.

"So what do you want to do now?" Jeff asked.

"First and foremost, I want to give you a blowjob to celebrate!" Mia cried happily.

"Yayy for me," Jeff replied grinning. "You wanna see how fast I can get us home?"

Mia batted her eyelashes seductively. "Why wait until we get home, Sir?" she asked. "The park is right nearby."

"You want to do it out in the open? In public? In the park?" he asked incredulously.

"Not quite. Listen to this idea." She whispered her suggestion in his ear. His lips curved into a big smile, the more he heard.

"I'm game," he said, putting the car into gear.

A few minutes later, their car was parked in one of the park lots, facing a beautiful expanse of trees and meadow. To a casual observer, Jeff was the only one in the car. Sitting behind the wheel in the driver's seat, he had his newspaper open as if on a lunch break, relaxing in this natural setting. But it was Mia that was on her lunch break, almost reclining across the front seat, her head in Jeff's lap and her mouth engulfing his erection. And Jeff was anything but relaxed, since his rising level of arousal was making his muscles contract. What Mia was doing to his cock was making his toes curl inside his shoes!

She was savoring her lunch, in no hurry to speed it to its conclusion. She had Jeff's zipper down, and had moved the waistband of his underpants down below his ball sack, leaving all of his manhood accessible to her hands, lips, and tongue. Her fingertips stroked, her lips sucked and her tongue teased. His heady aroma filled her nostrils from the moment she'd brought his intimate flesh out into the open air. She loved that scent, and the salty taste of his balls as she suckled one, and then the other. It was as if her lunch was being served on the platter of his trousers, and it was all hers to enjoy. 

His balls were perhaps the olives on the platter, and they'd be graded as the size known as colossal. His cock was perhaps a hot dog, or a sausage, but with a very important distinction. When she'd first fished that cock free of his clothing, it was only semi-erect. So she managed to fit the whole thing easily into the warm, wet, welcoming embrace of her mouth. But as she sucked gently on it, and rubbed her tongue against its sensitive skin, it began growing. Unlike a normal hot dog, it grew and grew, elongating so much that she either had to lift her head, letting its base escape from her lips, or stay as she was, and let its smooth head enter her throat. The fact that her fingers were rubbing and caressing his 'olives' at the same time hastened the cock's speed of engorgement, of course.

Mia didn't mind the head of his cock invading her throat from time to time - she'd learned to control her gag reflex with swallowing actions. But she also liked it merely in her mouth, where she could taste his precum secretions, and her tongue could toy with places that made Jeff gasp with pleasure. At such times, his hands, holding the newspaper, shook reflexively, and he quickly turned a page, hoping in the manner to account for his arm movements. He tried hard to keep his eyes open, but he certainly wasn't focused on the words and images on the printed pages he held. Mia was capturing his attention as much as she was capturing his privates orally.

After a while, Mia thought to herself, "His precum is nice to drink, but now I think it's time for my main course. I want his hot seed in my mouth and tummy, and it's time he fed me." As she increased her suction, letting her tongue tip flick and tap that extra sensitive area at the underside of his cock's crown, she worked one of her fingers down onto the skin between his anus and his ball sack. As that finger pressed, she located the muscular tube beneath the skin, and started firmly stroking upward toward his ball sack. Her other hand was pumping the base of his shaft, between his crotch and her lips. She was quite determined to get his load.

Jeff felt her tongue most of all, but he was also aware of her hand pumps, finger strokes and vacuuming suction. He correctly interpreted this as Mia's desire for him to let go and fill her mouth with as much cum as he could muster. It's not like he could hold back, anyway - her actions were quite insistent. She was actually humming, either with pleasure or need, and those vibrations, buzzing the head of his cock sent him cascading over his peak. He tried to stay silent, but he couldn't hold back a quiet series of grunting sounds, one for each spurt shooting up out of his dick. Wave after wave of semen splashed into Mia's mouth, and each wave vanished down her throat as quickly as it appeared. She didn't want to let his trousers get semen-stained, so she kept his cock sealed in her lips until it was completely soft and limp, and carefully washed it with her tongue before releasing it. Raising her head slightly, she planted a loving kiss on his now sleepy manhood, and tucked it carefully back under his clothing.

Mia giggled softly, bubbling with joy. Keeping her head down under the newspaper, she asked, "Is the coast clear?"

Still in a bit of a post-orgasmic haze, Jeff's mind processed the words a little slowly. Then he realized what she was asking. Looking around, he replied, "No one in sight, sweetheart."

Knowing it was safe to reappear in the seat beside him, Mia sat back up, beaming a smile at her dear lover. "Thank you, darling," she said. Patting her tummy, she added, "I needed that." She chuckled softly.

"You certainly can have as much as you want," he told her, giving her several kisses. He enjoyed the residual taste of his semen on her lips as they kissed. Mia knew he liked the taste, and parted her lips, inviting his tongue to enter and enjoy it even more.

As he drove them home, out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Mia gently, almost subconsciously, caressing her pussy. That gave him an idea. He waited until they were home, so he could focus on Mia's reactions.

"You know what the doctor said about your hormones elevating, creating more of a desire for sex - lots of it? And she also mentioned cultures that feel that the growing baby needs lots of semen injections for proper development?"

Her eyes widened in surprise. "I think I like where you're going with this, darling. Yes, I remember the doctor saying that," she replied with a shy grin.

He grinned back at her. "How would you feel if we recruited my friends, if they're willing, to donate many more loads of semen to our cause? Purely to ensure the proper development of our baby, of course." He tried to keep a straight face as he said the last sentence, but he couldn't prevent a small chuckle from escaping.

Mia giggled merrily, and teased him, "You really like watching your friends having sex with me, don't you?"

She'd meant her question to be rather rhetorical, but he blurted out an answer. "Oh my god, yes! The sounds you make... the way your body glows... the expression on your face when you're cumming so hard... it really, really turns me on. I love seeing you lose control as you're fucked so vigorously... seeing you just ride wave after wave of orgasm. When you're doing that, you're the most beautiful, desirable woman in the world! And I know that you're mine... my woman... my wife... and soon to be the mother of our child!"

She blushed a deep red, hearing such effusive praise from him, but his words pleased her from the top of her head down to her tingling toes. As she shyly looked down toward the floor, a little overcome with emotion, she noticed the proof of his words - his erection was so powerful that his cock was shoving the front of his pants forward like a tent pole holding up a tent!

He wanted an answer, she knew, so she responded in both words and actions. Swiftly disrobing, she placed herself face up on the sofa and held out her arms to him. "Then my answer is yes. Yes! Yes, ask your friends if they want to fuck me during my pregnancy. Maybe they'll lose interest as my body starts to change. But right now, I see evidence of your lust, so come over here and fuck me, sweetheart. Ram that marvelous dick of yours into my pussy and let me feel your passion for me. I want my pussy filled with a nice big cock, and I see one straining inside your pants!"

It didn't take long for Jeff to toss off his clothes and join her on the sofa. Join her, and join with her. Once they were coupled and coupling, Mia wrapped her thighs around his waist, which angled her pelvis and let him plunge even deeper. They screwed joyously, joined in body, heart and mind. When he lowered his torso against hers, they kissed with tender passion. When he raised up onto his arms, her hands sought her breasts and nipples, kneading them to inflame and inspire him. Groaning, she exploded in a climax that made her pussy clutch at his slippery manhood. Jeff had been holding back, waiting for her release. He wanted to join her in orgasm, so he gave three fast, deep thrusts, using the sound and feel of his balls slapping her gushing love tunnel to trigger his own release. During his climax, he was hyperventilating so much that his words were barely intelligible, but Mia heard them as, "I love you so much!"

When he'd finished thrusting and spurting, Mia pulled his sweaty torso down against the heated, sticky wetness of her own. Her arms wrapped around his torso, and her legs stayed wrapped around his waist, holding him inside her. She kissed him long and hard, thrilled to be with him. "There's the first load to feed our baby, darling. All yours. We're both all yours, no matter how many men you bring here to fuck me."

They were resting in the afterglow, Jeff's now softening cock threatening to slip free of her pussy, when a thought occurred to him. "As our friends join us, would we have to keep tying you up, honey?"

Mia tightened her embrace, and contracted her pussy muscles to keep his cock inside her for just a little longer as she considered his question. Finally, she replied, "Hmm. That was originally important to me, to assuage my guilt. But now I'm convinced that you really want this, and that you're not only OK with it... you're encouraging it, and have no feelings of jealousy. So, no. I don't think I need to be tied up. But we could still do that from time to time. Even after I have the baby, I think being bound during sex once in a while would make it a kinky special event."

His eyes twinkled as he looked into hers. "That's good. I like kinky, too."

That triggered an idea for Mia. "Speaking of kinky..."

Jeff came more alert. "Yes..." he prompted her, his tone of voice making it a question.

"You know how Robin confessed that he'd never had anal sex, and asked to at least put his cock into my ass, as long as he didn't cum? And you approved and gave him advice about how to do it right?"

"Sure I remember. I was glad you did that. I know our friends were really enjoying having sex with you, but they were going out of their way to help us. I was happy that you gave Robin such a reward. And now I think I see where this conversation is headed." He kissed her lightly. "Please continue - you know you have my support."

She giggled gently. "I think we should invite them over to tell them the good news. And I think we should celebrate with a special anal sex party. This time, Robin can go all the way, and pump his cum deep inside my ass. And so can all the others, if they want to do so."

Jeff laughed softly, snuggling with her. "Sounds like a plan, you horny wench of mine." After a kiss, he added, "You know, the doctor never mentioned where the semen injections should take place. Of course, I immediately assumed vaginally, but maybe anally or orally would work just as well. What do you think?"

She reached down and swatted his ass cheek playfully. "I think you just want to see me with my mouth, pussy and ass stuffed with cocks simultaneously, you horny voyeur of mine. Well, wish granted! Bring them all on!" she almost crowed, her voice tinged with challenge.

Less than a week later, Mia got her wish. As she got herself ready for the 'party' they'd planned, she asked Jeff, "What did you tell the guys, exactly?"

"Actually, I was rather vague in my text to them all. I signaled that if they were available, you needed them. I think they'll be expecting another impregnation attempt."

"Great," she said, grinning happily as they positioned the spare mattress and sheeted it. "I hope they like the surprise. Please let me tell them. You just gather them here in the living room, and let me make an entrance." 

When they heard the car pulling up, Mia retreated to their bedroom. She was wearing nothing but a silky robe, and felt her pussy dampening with anticipation. She mentally cast an apology to it. "Sorry, pussy. If all goes as planned, I'll be getting a lot of backdoor action today." And a followup thought was, "Geez, I'd better demand that John and then Pete go last, if they want to do it at all. The others can loosen me up, first." Then she had a moment of trepidation. "What if they hate anal sex? Well, I know I can count on Robin... I guess the rest can get oral today, if they refuse anal." Ultimately, she remembered that the purpose of this party was to thank them all, so she decided she'd still offer her ass, but they could have whatever they wanted.
