 We were on our way to the Hyatt for the New Year celebration. Eddy's brother worked in security at the hotel and he got us free access to the party. When we got there, his bro gave us yellow wrist bands, which met we were hotel guest and had access to all venues during the party. Eddy was a tall over 6'2" dark wavy hair, olive skin and skinny. His nose says he mid-eastern. I'm 5'10, muscular from weight lifting, partial bald graying hair and an Aussie visiting for a few weeks before I go to the CES show in Vegas. Bart is a short stocky Hispanic guy with short hair. He also has a few tats. We were a weird partnership of friends, but friends we were from knowing each other during our military service in the mid-east. 

Since we were early before outside hotel guest were allowed in, we began checking out the venues. The downstairs was all decorated with a large stage for live music. When we went upstairs there were two big ballrooms. The one on the left had a DJ and the sign outside mentioned it was top 100's. The ballroom across the way was also large and a DJ, but the sign said hip hop as the music venue and a guest rapper after midnight. Eddy walked around both halls. 

When he walked in the back of the hip hop venue hall he sneaker, "This looks like a good spot to fuck some horny slut tonight. Help me with that couch and we'll put it behind that pillar." 

Me and Bart looked confused at each other, but went over to help move this small padded love seat. We placed the back of it about a foot from the pillar, facing it toward the window. There were a few feet of space between it and the window, and another foot from the side wall. It looked hidden even with the lights on. 

Eddy chuckled and said, "Well guys, when the lights are low, no one will know that we are fucking sluts back here."

I asked, "So who's getting the girls for us to fuck?"

"Don't worry guys. I'll find us one or two girls that will be drunk and horny. Leave it to me." He laughed as he replied to my query. 

"Yeah right Eddy," I sarcastically blurted. "I bet you fifty that you never get anyone." He took my bet. 

We all walked back down stairs and sat at a bar. From that advantage point we could scrutinize who arrived and what girls would be good prospects for our tryst. When the doors opened for the outside guest, we watched and commented on the potential targets. Although a lot of the guests were couples, we still began making a mental list of who we wanted. When we saw four young unattached girls walking in dressed like sluts, that is, short skirts or dresses with their tits partially exposed, I was nudged by Bart.

"Oh, they look hot Smitty," he said. "But two of them are kind of homely looking and a little fat." 

I laughed and answered, "Yeah but do we care as long as they fuck!" 

He chuckled but then Eddy said, "I bet you couldn't get them to fuck, if your life depended on it. But go ahead and try. I'm going to find us the perfect trollop for tonight." He left us to our own demise. 

As the night went on we finally made our move on the four girls. The two hot ones ignored us, but the homey fat ones latched onto us. We bought them drinks, danced and at midnight had a few nice midnight kisses. I really thought about bringing them up to our love nest, but wasn't sure I wanted to park my meat in between her fat thighs. Bart, on the other hand, seemed happy with his dog. It was some time after midnight, when Eddy showed up all flustered. 

"Why haven't you guys answered your fucking phones," he barked. "Luckily I put the finder AP on your phone Smitty or I wouldn't have located you guys. You got to hurry up and come with me. It's a fucking emergency."

He looked at the two girls that we were with and smiled. We both kissed the girls and told them we would be back, once we found out what was happening. 

As we rode the escalator up to the ballroom floor, he blurted, "I found us the perfect gorgeous horny girl. I've already fucked her. She's being fucked by another guy as we speak. He's going to keep her hot until we get there. Dudes, she is exactly what I was looking for."

"That's great Eddy," I answered. "But what does she look like."

He laughed and replied, "About 5'5" skinny with red hair like you wanted Smitty. Big tits like you asked for Bart. And a shaved hot cunt, nice legs, and a cute rounded ass. You'll be hard as soon as you see her. And the best part, she loves feeling a cock in her. I knew she was the one, when I saw here getting fucked on the dance floor. All I had to do was get her away from her date." 

Knowing how Eddy exaggerates, I just laughed. "Yeah right Eddy, she really fucked a guy on the dance floor! But does she look like the photos of Kathryn I showed you? That would be such a huge bonus if she did."

He chuckled and answered, "Oh yeah dude, could be her sister. As I said, she's a fucking hot slut. You'll see! And she did fuck her date on the dance floor."

We walked into the dim lighted hip-hop venue. The room had a large mostly black crowd dancing to the live music. When we arrived in the back area where we placed the couch, it was even darker with the only light coming in from the outside windows. 

I walked around and stood in front of this very attractive girl. Slowly I scanned her body. Her long-sleeve black lace blouse was tied behind her, exposing her firm big tits. They stood out on her slim cute figure with a black skirt pulled up completely around her tiny waist. She was wearing black stockings, black stilettos with her legs partially open with this guy playing with her breast. My dick began growing at a swift pace, while listening to her moans of pleasure that was somewhat ground out by the loud music. The way she wiggled her legs by spreading them wide apart and then back together, showed me that she was enjoying her tit tantalization. When she pulled her legs up bent at the knees, it made her cunt in view for inspection. With her hands moving in her hair like she was combing it and sighing in bliss, I saw some semen dripping out of her just fucked twat. Even with the poor lighting I could see the white jism flowing nicely out of her, making a puddle under her ass. Her face had hair dangling in front of it, which didn't allowing a good look at her features. But her hot slim body looked very fuckable. Suddenly my gaze was interrupted. 

"So bros what do you think of my find," Eddy blurted. "I guarantee she'll fuck us all, but we have to hurry. I got to get her back to her boyfriend before he comes looking for her."

I didn't say anything but Bart answered, "You out did yourself Eddy. She is really very attractive. Her body looks amazing. I can't wait to test it out." 

He was going to continue but then out of the blue she yelled, "Oh God! Just fuck me!" 

She wasn't talking to us, but I immediately took advantage of her cry. I sat down next to her and the guy that was teasing her tits said, "Dudes I was just keeping her warm for you. But now I want to fuck her again before I leave." 

Eddy said something back to him about having to wait until we had our turn, but I wasn't paying much attention. My only desire was to make sure she would be willing. I didn't want to be accused of rape. 

So I asked, "It looks like it's going to be your lucky night gorgeous. I hope you are really horny. I and Bart would love to fuck you into a few more orgasms. Are you okay with that?"

I had my hand in between her legs rubbing the jism around her cunt and then pushed two fingers into her snatch as I asked. She gave out a loud sigh, "Yes you can. But I want to climax a lot too." We all laughed.

She was sitting up leaning against the back of the couch with her legs still apart and up her body, making her cunt very visible. There is nothing prettier than a woman spread apart with a glistening cunt wanting to be fucked.

I unzipped my pants, pulled out my dick and said, "Don't worry babe, I know you'll enjoy a lot of pleasure from all of us tonight."

Still not being able to see her facial features, I took her panty from the floor and wiped off the jism from her pussy. When I went to push my cock into her used pussy, I felt how hot and drenched she really was. 

As I began to plunder her opening, I blurted, "Guys she wants it! Don't you gorgeous? Your cunt is so hot. I bet you'll fuck us like a whore too!"

I thought she answered, but the music ground out whatever she said. As I leaned over her and began slowly pumping her very juicy cunt, she moved her hips passionately with my thrusting. I could feel her body suddenly quivering with an orgasm and only after a few minutes of enticing her inner sanctum. My cock immediately became drenched with her fluids. In between the music I could hear her verbalizing about how great it felt. The guys even laughed at her oral stimulus and made some nasty comments listening to her pleasurable cries. Then I turned her on all fours. 

She leaned on her forearms with her head buried in the cushion, as I easily slid back into her wanting hole. She moved her hips back meeting my thrusts half way. Then Bart went over to her and told her to start sucking on his cock because he was next. He pulled her hair forcing her up on her hands, stuck his cock into her mouth, and she took it like an experienced whore. As she sucked on Bart, I saw Eddy walking over to this guy standing in the shadows. It wasn't long until he came back.

"Well guys. I just gave her date 3 bills and he told me that we could fuck her as long as we wanted. We are no longer on the clock and we can take our time having some fun with his slut. Oops! I mean whore since I paid him to fuck her." He gave out a hearty laugh. 

With that in mind of fucking her more than just one pop, I started to speed up ravishing her hot box into submission. Now I was ready to spew my first load of seed deep into her vibrating horny hole. My mind began thinking of this hot red headed Kathryn that I've been writing too. She has sent me lots of photos of herself in all kinds of porn poses. I began thinking of fucking her, as I speedily ravished this look-alike babe. Grabbing her hips, I pushed balls deep into her and erupted with a massive load of saved semen. I've been horny for weeks from writing my fantasy girl Kathryn. It felt amazing unloading in a pussy again. It's been months from enjoying that feeling. Only wanking to Kathryn's pictures has allowed me relieve. Once I began to shrink, I pulled out and Bart took his turn in her cum drenched hot twat. 

As my load of semen trickled out of her and Bart pushing his 5"cock in, he blurted. "Dudes, we are going to breed this whore, aren't we?" 

Laughing Eddy remarked, "Anything you want Bart. We have cart-blanch. I'm sure dumping a few loads in her will do the trick. When you're done, it will be my turn again."

As Bart began his speedy onslaught of her pussy, he slapped her ass a few times making her yelp. Eddy had his cock in her mouth when he told Bart to hurry up. He was getting ready to blow his seed again and wanted to do it in her cunt. Hearing his comment she looked up at Eddy, smiled and whispered something. He just grinned. While holding onto Eddy's cock, she turned back at Bart and said something about wanting him to cum in her. He slapped her ass again and she pushed back toward Bart's thrust. It wasn't long before he pushed all the way in, held onto her hips, and tilted his head back looking up. As he grunted unloading his seed into her pussy, he told her that he hoped his seed was the one that takes. When he pulled out, Eddy kept her on all fours and pushed into her cum drenched opening. 

As he was enjoying her, that guy we saw when we arrived, asked when it was going to be his turn. Eddy barked that he should just have her suck him off and spew on her face. The guy walked over to her and stuck his cock down her throat. She gagged a little. He kept deep throat her, as her saliva dripped down her chin. I took my phone out, stood to her side and took a flash shot of her on all fours with a cock in her cunt and one in her mouth. 

When I did Eddy nastily blurted, "What the hell! We don't need any attention this way. Don't fucking do that again." 

I wasn't thinking Bro," I answered back. "She just looked so hot being plugged on both ends. I thought it would be a good memory shot."

He didn't answer and kept drilling her cunt like he was looking for oil. Then it happened. She began shaking with a huge orgasm. While she was, that guy began shooting his load in her mouth. But after the first squirt, he pulled out and unleashed the rest across her face. Eddy on the other hand, slowed down so she could enjoy her climax.

Just as he started his thrusting again that guy said, "Thanks dude for allowing me time with your whore. I left her face a mess. And I must say she's a lot more attractive with jism splattered all over it." 

He laughed as he turned to the girl and said, "Well bitch. It was fun. I really enjoy fucking you. You are a very good cock sucker too. Hope to have an encore next year." Then he left. 

Eddy then really hammered her cunt like a possessed man. As he did the music stop for a moment and she turned back and said, "Oh god you feel so good in me. Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Cum in me! I want to feel your sperm in me. Yes! Yes! You're making me cum again. Ah! That feels so good!"

Eddy grabbed her hips and began thrusting deep in her. He pulled out, thrust back in a few times as her cunt began to spasm with the orgasm. Then he stopped held her tightly, grunted and we knew he was blowing his load. 

As he did he blurted, "Oh yeah babe. It feels fantastic cuming in such a horny slut. Damn I needed that."

She turned back and softly said, "I liked it too."

But before she could relax, Eddy pulled out and Bart immediately pushed his hard rod back into her. As he was fucking her he stopped and exclaimed, "Fuck me bitch. Move that cute ass and fuck my cock." 

He slapped her ass and she began moving back and forth, while he stayed steady. "That's it Bitch. You know how to really fuck a guy. I love watching that cute ass fucking me. Ah yes! It feels terrific."

It wasn't long until he took grab of her hips and began pounding it like a mad man. Her head was buried in the couch arm, as he continued his on slaughter. I knew that it wouldn't be long until he blew another load in her and I had to get ready for my turn. 

Walking over to her I softly said, "Gorgeous, it's my turn next. Would you mind getting me up for the task?"

She moved up on her hands again, looked up at me and smiled. Then she opened her mouth and I pushed the cock head into it. She began sucking on it like she was licking and sucking on an ice cream cone. With the sounds of her slurping and the groans of Bart, they began to be louder than the music. 

After some time Bart pushed deep in her and barked, "Oh yeah Bitch. Unloading in you feels wonderful."

She didn't respond but stopped sucking me, looked up while holding my hard rod and said, "I can't wait to feel you in me again. I love your yummy suckable cock!"

It was the first time I could see her facial features. Even with cum splattered, she did look like Kathryn or her twin. I walked to her side and sat her up. 

"Gorgeous," I began. "Let's get you comfortable. I want to watch your tits as I make love to you. Turn on your back."

She moved to sit up and then lay on her back. I pulled her closer to me, pushed one leg apart over the back of the couch and took the other by her calve. I spread it apart to look at her pulsating cunt that looked like it was begging me to fuck her. As I pushed her leg up her body, she leaned forward and grabbed my cock. Placing it at the entrance to her soaked hole she smiled. 

"I want you in me handsome," she whispered. 

Slowly I pushed my shaft into her stretched hole and began to fuck this beautiful luscious woman. This was better than the first time because now we both wanted it. I continued to slowly enjoy moving in and out as she ground against my cock. I was in total lust with this girl. As I watched her tits jiggling, I grab one and she exclaimed how good it felt. As I pumped her, I leaned forward to kiss her nipple. She sighed louder with my play and then I felt her cum all over my cock. I didn't want to stop fucking her, but Bart was whispering to hurrying up so he could get back to that fat bitch. I told him to go because I wanted to savor fucking her. Then the announcer said it was the last set of songs and the lights started too brightened. I had to hurry before everyone would catch us. I started to pound her faster and faster, and she responded by moving her hips with my thrusting. It wasn't long before I began to blow my load into her wanting hole just as she came with another orgasm. It felt awesome cuming together. Then I pulled out. 

As she lay there, her eyes were open and I could finally make out her features. She did look exactly like the porn photos that my long distant friend Kathryn had sent me. I slowly scanned her very hot body and she could be a perfect match for her. When I saw her face, I moved her hair off of it. After she sat up, I had her open her legs wide, push her chest out and I took a photo. Then she pulled down her skirt because people were meandering to the windows to look out. I helped her untie the blouse and cover up. 

Looking at the photo that I just took I blurted, "Are you Kathryn from Newport Beach?"

She looked up at me and asked, "You don't look familiar. How do I know you?" 

Sitting down next to her, I put my arm around her and answered, "Kathryn, I'm Smitty from Australia. We've been writing each other for a long time and you've sent me photos. Don't you remember?"

A very cute smile crossed her face and her eyes began twinkling. "Oh Smitty, Is that really you? I was hoping to run into you, but I had a date for tonight. I couldn't promise to meet you and I didn't want to disappoint you if I didn't show. But I did dream of us having sex many times. It must have been fate for us to meet like this."

Then like a light bulb going on she said, "Oh my god. I forgot all about David. He's probably wondering where I am. I got to go." 

As she stood, a clump of seamen drip out of her. She hugged me and began to run away. I yelled for her to write a story about our adventure. She just turned back and waved. I watched my fantasy girl scamper away. 

I quickly pulled up my pants and sat on the couch. Eddy sat next to me and said, "Well how did I do picking a hot slut to fuck?"

I chuckled and answered, "You did just fine. You know that was Kathryn."

"Yeah I know," he replied. "Her date told me her name when I gave him $300. You owe me a fifty for the bet and a hundred for fucking her."

I stood, took my wallet and handed him the money. Then we left. All I could think about was the last response she sent me about hooking up tonight. 

She wrote, "Sorry Smitty. I have a date for that night. I wish I could finally meet you. Maybe next time!" 

This should end the story but I have another part to write about when I hooked up with Kathryn in Vegas. I may write about it, if this story gets any response. Also Kathryn writes under Kat4funn and she did write about this adventure called: "Starting the New Year off with a Bang." Check it out. I will leave the reader with this little info. I didn't believe her stories or adventures were real, until I experienced the horniest little red head slut for myself. Now I'm a true believer. Best piece of fine ass I've ever had. And I was fortunate to get more of her luscious body in Vegas. But that's another story.