 My first impression of the city was that it was hot... hot and humid. I had only been in Miami for a couple of hours, barely enough time for me to unpack my bags and get settled in, when the phone rang. It was Dave, my old room-mate from college. He had been living down here for a few years now and promised to show me around. Hell, he was actually the one who helped get me my now job down here anyway. But he claimed to know all the good parties and night spots. Unfortunately, after my jet ride, I really just wanted to get settled into my new apartment. I guess my age must be starting to catch up with me.

"Come on," I bargained with him, "I just got off the plane. At least give me some time to unpack and maybe take a shower or something."

"I know you man," Dave said, "You say that now, but next thing you know, you'll get too comfortable. You'd probably just wind up watching bad horror movies on the couch all night until you fall asleep. Again..."

He knew me far too well, it seemed.

"If I didn't drag you off your ass you'd probably never have any fun," he continued, "Just come with me to the beach party tonight. I promise you'll have a good time, and if not, you can always catch a ride and go home early."

"Beach party," I asked him, "You mean like those cheesy fifties movies?"

"Yeah," Dave said, with a serious tone to his voice, "That's the big thing down here in Miami now. All the hip young types get together on a beach at night and have a party... You can't miss out on it man! Especially since this will probably be the last one of the Summer."

I chuckled a bit. Summer was coming to a close, but you wouldn't know it down here. It seemed like it was always warm and sunny down in Florida, a sharp change of pace from what things were like back home in Chicago.

"I don't know," I said hesitantly.

"Lots of hot girls in bikinis, you know, showing off their boobs and butts."

Damn. That really was tempting. From what little I had seen of Miami so far, there certainly were quite a few hot young girls out and about.

"Plus some of those Goth chicks will probably be there," he continued.

That certainly got my attention when he said it. Damn, Dave really did know me too well! He no doubt remembered our wild college days, when I had some new black-clad mopey Goth chick or another in my bed pretty much every day of the week. Those were the days...

"What," I exclaimed.

"Oh," he said coyly, "I thought I mentioned the Goth chicks down here to you. They show up at a lot of the parties and clubs... especially on eighties night."

"Wait," I interrupted him, "You mean honest to God Goth chicks? Like with lots of make-up, black leather and every CD featuring Robert Smith in their collection?"

"Yep," he said, "Exactly your type of girl."

"Huh," I said, "Wouldn't have figured there would be all that much of a Goth scene down here in Miami."

"Why not," he asked.

"I just never heard about one. I guess I never really associated anything like that with the city, you know? Well, that and the fact that it's way too hot to wear all black down here unless you're an albino or something..."

"I think some of them might be," Dave said laughing, "So what do you say? You in or out here?"

I thought about it for a split second before making up my mind. The whole hot Goth girls in bikinis factor kind of helped with my decision.

"Yeah," I said eagerly, "Just gotta put my shoes on and I'll be there!"

It was a lie, of course. I was actually going to be wearing boots. And, in fact, decided to change my wardrobe into something more appropriate. Leather was nice, but didn't really go well with the climate down here. The same went for my leopard print jacket. I finally settled on an old 'Siouxsie and the Banshees' shirt and some torn jeans. And some damned fearsome black boots too. That should be enough to get most Goth chicks attention.

Of course, Dave didn't even show up for another half an hour or so. Which wouldn't have been so annoying if he didn't live literally right across the street from my new apartment! Not to mention the fact that he was the one who knew the lay of the land, so to speak, so I was kind of dependant on him to find this beach party. Anyway, I convinced him to let me pick the music on the ride up there... The Cure, Bauhaus, the Cocetau Twins, Sisters of Mercy... you get the idea. Some good old school Goth sounds to get me in the mood. 

When we finally arrived, the sun had already set on the horizon. But in a city like Miami, the night was much less hot and oppressive than the day. It was really a nice, warm Summer night. And the beach party was exactly what I would have expected it to be. A lot of 20 and 30 somethings hanging out on the beach around a big fire. There were some coolers full of beer and other drinks, and some of the girls were still playing a game of volley ball. Over all, it seemed like a very nice crowd. I was glad that Dave had actually gotten me out of my slump and out here.

I quickly started mingling with the crowd. There was a wide variety of subcultures represented there, from sun-tanned surfers to urban guys dressed like rappers to some Emo-kids. It was surprisingly diverse, and most of them were decent conversation to talk with too. And there were quite a few hot girls in bikinis too, something Miami is quite understandably known for. It must be something in the water down there or maybe it's the warm weather. Whatever the case, they really filled out their bikinis with their full breasts and ample butts. But sadly, I didn't see any Goth girls yet.

I turned around to pick up a beer, only to feel a tap on my shoulder. Turning back around, I was greeted by a cute little Goth chick, naturally enough, clad in a tiny black two-piece bikini. She was pretty damned hot! Her short hair was black... probably dyed. Tall and pale, her arms and torso were covered in a fearsome array of tattoos. She also had quite a few in her face as well -- I counted piercings in her nose, lips, ears and eyebrows. Immediately I wondered what else on her was pierced. She was very thin too, and barely had any boobs, but I suspected that her firm little nipples underneath he black bikini were pierced. I really wanted to find out if I were right!

Beside her was her friend, another Goth girl, but this one was much more curvy and wearing a purple or maybe dark blue bikini. It was kind of hard to tell in the dark. Like her friend, she too had quite an extensive collection of tattoos covering her body. However, her hair was long and braided, and dyed a bright orange -- almost neon orange, in fact. But what really stood out was her ample cleavage. Her huge breasts were pushed together by the tiny little bikini she wore. She also had some very nice curves, including what looked like a phenomenal ass.

Damn! I was getting hard just looking at this incredibly sexy Goth duo standing in front of me.

"Hi," I said, "I'm Rob. I'm new in town. "

The first Goth girl, the skinny short haired brunette, looked down at my shirt and smiled. I followed her gaze down, fearing that she might have noticed my boner, but I was pretty sure that it wasn't visible. No. It looked like she really was looking at my t-shirt, which was quite a relief for me.

"Oh," I said, "My shirt? Yeah, 'Siouxsie and the Banshees.' Are you a fan."

"Hell yeah," she said excitedly, "So what's your favorite song?"

What was this? A test?

"Well," I said, "I don't usually list 'favorite songs' cause those usually just change with my mood anyway, but if you really want to know I'd probably say 'Cities in Dust' or 'Kiss them for Me.' You?"

"Ooooh," she said turning around at her friend, "Good choices. I'd have to say 'Candyman.'"

Her friend spoke up.

"Actually," said the orange-haired girl with the big boobs, "I'd probably go with 'Cities in Dust' too."

"Fair enough," I said, "So what was that about? You testing me or something? Trying to figure out if I really listen to 'Siouxsie' or something?"

She just shrugged.

"You never know," she said, "People have tried stranger things to impress me."

I looked at her, scanning my eyes up and down her pale, waifish body.

"Well," I said, "You can't really blame them now, can you?"

Both of them giggled.

"I'm Lenore by the way," she said, "And my friend with the orange hair over there, her name is Belladonna."

"Pleasure to meet you both," I assured them.

We spend part of the night flirting and talking bull shit, comparing bands, making fun of the Gothic subculture and even just sitting on the beach enjoying the warm Summer nights so typical of Miami. I couldn't decide which of the girls I liked more. Belladonna certainly had big boobs and a nice hot ass too, but Lenore was also quite sexy with her pale Gothic beauty. She was certainly the more assertive one in the pair, while Belladonna seemed more calm and reserved. Opposites... and yet their personalities and even physical appearances complemented each other perfectly. A pity that I couldn't enjoy both of them... or could I?

"So," I turned to face them, "How would you girls feel about going back to my apartment and maybe seeing how things go from there?"

I slowly rubbed him hand up Belladonna's thighs, eliciting some giggles from both of the girls. The two of them turned around and looked at each, then turned back to me.

"Oh my God," they said in unison, "Yes!"

"Let's go now," Lenore said eagerly.

Yep. No doubt about it. Lenore was definitely the more assertive one in that pair.

Unfortunately, since Dave had already left the party and I didn't have my car with me, we wound up having to take a cab. It took forever to finally flag one down, and by the time we actually got back to my apartment the fare was ridiculous. And to think I thought the back in Chicago were bad! But still, I had two oversexed Gothic bikini girls rubbing all over me on the ride back. I can't say that I had much to complain about at all!

The three of us could barely contain ourselves as we made our way up to my apartment room. My arm was wrapped around Bellaonna, with my hand not-so-discreetly rubbing her large boobs, while Lenore eagerly made out with me, her lean young body rubbing up against me. There were certain advantages to making out with a chick as tall as me! Fidgeting with my key, I quickly pushed open the door and let the three of us make out way in.

"Baby," Lenore said, "Have you ever had a threesome before?"

"No," I said.

It was a little sad admitting that, since I think just about every guy has fantasized about a threesome at some point in their life or another, but it was the truth. Up until that point, I'd never been able to find two chicks open-minded enough to try it. That was about to change.

"Well," she said seductively, "You're going to be in for quite a treat then. Belladonna over there is definitely one of the best fucks I've had in my life!"

She looked over at Belladonna, who had already slipped out of her bikini and was now sprawled out across my couch. Holy shit, was that hot! I could feel my cock getting rock hard. Belladonna was just as busty as she looked, her massive breasts now exposed and out in the open. She seductively waved at us and blew us a kiss.

Lenore started to untie her bikini. I eagerly watched as her thin black bikini top came off, eager to find out whether or not she was pierced. Sure enough she was, two metal barbells protruding from her small but perky nipples. Now that really got me going.

"Why don't you go over and let Belladonna give you a blowjob while I get undressed," she said.

"Mmmm," I replied, "That sounds like a good idea to me."

I didn't need much encouragement to get naked, bending over to take off my boots. The process was much longer than I would have liked. As soon as they were off, I dropped my jeans and boxer shorts as well, letting my rock hard prick stand out. Belladonna's eyes went wide as soon as she saw my erection.

"Holy shit," she exclaimed, "Lenore! Take a look at his cock! That's huge!"

Lenore looked over, the perpetually bored look wiped off her face and replaced with pure shock! It looked like her jaw was just about to drop!

"Wow," she said breathlessly, "That's the biggest cock I've ever seen! You are going to have to fuck me hard with that piece of meat!"

"Not so fast," said Belladonna, "I still get to have him first! You promised!"

'So much for her being the quiet one,' I thought to myself. I really didn't want to start a fight and break up any friendships... Hell, who am I kidding? I hardly knew either of these girls. I just didn't want to miss the (potentially once in a lifetime) chance to have a threesome... a threesome with two ultra-hot Goth girls!

"Ladies, ladies," I said, "Come on. Let's not fight over me. There's plenty to go around here. But first, I'll let Belladonna give me a blowjob. Then I guess we can see how things go from there."

"Fine," Lenore said, a slightly angry tone to her voice.

I went over to the couch where the busty orange-haired Goth girl lay, eagerly waving my cock in front of her mouth. She struggled with it a first, trying to fit as much of my massive cock into her tiny mouth as she could. I helped her out by thrusting my hips, going deeper into her mouth with each lunge. She fought me a little, trying to catch her breath, but eventually we found a more comfortable tempo to work with. I rubbed my hands through her thick orange hair, genuinely savoring the feeling of her mouth sucking me off to paradise. Looking down, I smiled when I saw her black lips wrapped around my rock hard cock.

"Ummmmm," she moaned as she tried to suck me off.

"Hey Lenore," I said, "Get over here."

"What," said the naked Goth chick, "Why?"

"You said this was a threesome, right? While I want to start fondling your sexy Goth body while your friend here sucks on my dick!"

Lenore complied with my demand, walking over by me so that I could fondle her thin, pale body. I eager began to make out with her while I friend satisfied me, passionately grouping her perky breasts. Playing with her piercings, I gently flicked my fingers across the sensitive flesh of her nipples. It produced a reaction, so I continued. Meanwhile, the orange-haired Belladonna continued to fight with my cock, still eager to fit as much of my member as she could into her mouth. Between the two of them, I could feel myself approaching orgasm. I think that Belladonna sensed it too, but she continued bobbing her head. It wasn't much longer before I shot a load of semen straight into her mouth.

I reluctantly pulled out, leaving a sticky trail of cum dripping out of the voluptuous Goth woman's mouth. A few drops spilled onto her magnificent full cleavage.

"Now it's my turn," said Lenore as she pulled me away from her friend, "You're going to fuck me hard and put me away wet!"

"Sounds like fun," I said.

I sat down on my chair as the waifish thin Goth beauty spread her legs and mounted me. She certainly wasted no time in getting down to business. Since I was already well-lubricated from the blowjob, so my dick pretty much just slid in. Still, was incredibly damn tight! I liked it! I started to thrust, going deeper and deeper into her cunt with each passing moment. At first I was afraid that I was being too rough with her, since she was so delicate looking, but she was surprisingly resilient. In fact, it wasn't long before she was riding my cock with more energy and enthusiasm than even I could muster.

"Damn," I exclaimed, "You are wild."

"YEAH," she screamed, "FUCK ME HARD!!! FUCK ME HARD!!!!"

Soon her speech was slurred into nothing more than passionate, almost animal-like moans of ecstasy.

I tried to hold it back as much as I could, trying to enjoy the feeling of the lithe young Goth chick impaled on my massive cock. Each thrust felt so damned good. But I couldn't help it. It wasn't long before that all too familiar feeling began to rise in my balls.

"Shit," I said, "I'm going to cum!"

If she heard me, she sure as hell didn't care! Lenore just kept shouting and moaning as she continued to ride me to ecstasy! I shot load after load of my hot cum into her womb before finally running out of breath. Warily, she stood up and tried to regain her balance, a surprising amount of my seed literally spilling out of her cunt and down her thighs.

"Wow," she said running her hands though her hair, "That was amazing..."

"Yeah," I said struggling to catch my breath, "We'll have to do that again, but first... but first I want to go back to Belladonna and fuck that magnificent ass of hers."

Belladonna, who was still sprawled out on my sofa, smiled but she seemed a little nervous. I walked around behind her and slapped her on her nice big ass, which caused her to giggle a little.

"Have you ever done anal before," I asked her as I lined up the tip of my cock with her ass.

"Yeah," she nodded, "A few times but..."

"Then you should be fine," I interrupted her, "But all the same, I'll still be gentle. I promise."

That seemed to calm her down a little bit. Anal sex can be a little rough, but between her saliva and her friend's pussy juices, I figured that there would be more than enough lubrication to make things work. I gently pushed my cock up her anus, encountering a little more resistance than I expected. I could see her gasping as I penetrated her rear, trying to enjoy it but still feeling quite a bit of discomfort. I pulled out just a little, then started to push harder. She definitely wasn't liking this. I think it must have taken five or ten minutes before I finally managed to work the full length of my dick up her ass.

Once I was all the way in, I gently started to pull back out, then thrust firmly back in. The worst of it was now over for her. I still went carefully at first, slowly building up in intensity as a stabbed my dick deeper and deeper into her ass. I think that she could sense it because she started to go along with it, the initial pain of her ass-fucking slowly giving way to a slow burning pleasure that filled her entire body. If she really had had anal sex before, then the feeling should have been familiar to her. At least, assuming the guy that fucker her was as generously endowed as I am. Beads of sweat were literally running down her back.

"Oh God," she screamed in pleasure, "Yes! Fuck me! This is the best sex I've ever fucking had! Oh! Keep fucking me!"

As if I needed much more encouragement at that point. Throwing off whatever restraints I had, I began fucking her huge ass with all of the passion and intensity that I could muster, rapidly thrusting in and out of her butt. I was fucking pounding her like a jackhammer! Even after cumming twice in such as short period of time, though, I really couldn't keep up with the pace of this. It wasn't much longer until I started to feel that tingling in my balls.

Not sure whether she would appreciate (or let) me cumming in her ass, I decided to pull out, spraying another large load of cum all across her back. She simply lay there, exhausted from the fucking. I knew how she felt... hell, I was still out of breath from nailing her friend, and after cumming three times in a row I was starting to feel pretty tired too.

I turned around to see Lenore kneeling on the floor behind me, her cute little ass raised up in the air. I knew exactly what she was expecting -- she wanted me to fuck her up the ass too.

"Oh Rob," she teased seductively, "Don't you want to fuck my ass too?"

'Shit,' I thought to myself, 'Two hot Goth girls literally begging for sex and I'm already starting to run out of breath. I must be getting old.'

But I still went along with it and went back over to fuck Lenore again. Screw work! I was so sleeping in tomorrow morning. What a way to make first impressions! But God, Dave was right. I really do love it down here in Miami!