 Reading the first two chapters will help understand this one. Strong sexual content.

*****

Mica was in bed thinking about her weekend with Max. It had been fantastic and so had her first sexual experience with a man. Being blind added so much more to it she thought. She had noticed a long time ago that being blind, she could spend her time enjoying her senses of feel, smell, taste and sound. Not having vision did not seem to matter a lot of the time she had just spent with him. 

The phone rang and it was Misty. She asked if it was a good time as she was just dying to hear how things had gone. Mica laughed and said yes and it went better than she could ever have imagined. She told her that she had told Max that if she had known it was this good, she would have never listened to her mother to wait. Misty said she had a feeling he was about to ask her out and then he found you. Mica said yes and she was sorry it worked out that way. She told Misty that he got very hard at the lunch they had together seeing her legs in braces. He gets turned on seeing that. Misty said when are you going to share him and Mica laughed saying she would think about it, but not saying she had told him about the two of them being lovers.

Mica had also not told her about her and Mora yet. That she knew she had to do soon. Misty tried to get more out of her but Mica said she did not kiss and tell. She then asked Misty if she wanted her to come to her place and Misty said that would be great if she would. Mica said she would be there in a few minutes. She got off the phone and slipped a sun dress on over her naked body. She made it to Mica's place without being seen she thought. When she got there the door was ajar and Misty was waiting naked in her wheelchair. They headed to her bedroom and while Misty transferred to bed, Mica slipped her dress off and joined her. Misty asked Mica to sit on her face right off and she got into position. 

After a short time of Misty eating Mica she moved her head aside and said is that Max she could taste mixed with her sweet juices. Mica said sorry but Misty said no, it tastes great and went back to what she was doing. Mica soon came and she then moved next to Misty. Her mouth found her big breasts and she started in on them. Her hand got between Misty's legs and found her very wet pussy. She soon moved her head down and it did not take long for her to feel Misty thrashing her upper torso and head around in orgasm. Being a paraplegic, her lower torso and legs did not move. Mica backed off stimulating her clit directly letting Mica come down a little.

She soon inserted a couple of fingers in her and worked her G-spot over sending her over a second time. She added her thumb to her clit and kept her going for almost two minutes. Misty finally said uncle and Mica let up. She crawled back up alongside and they held each other for a while, both of their big breasts mashed together. After a few minutes of rest Mica asked Misty if she and Mora had ever been together. She said no, why? Mica then told her about what had happened between them. She added she did not want Misty to think she was doing something behind her back. 

Misty said you know, now that you mention it the last time she did my pelvic and breast exam, I wondered about how she was touching me. I passed it off to her just being another woman and trying not to be as impersonal as a doctor usually is. She was looking at my legs a lot and wanted to help me get my braces on and off. Wow, we should invite her to get together with us sometime. Also, I have no problem with you being with her, we never said we had to have a monogamous relationship. Besides, I am sure you will share Max and that got both of them laughing hard. Mica wondered what he would think about being with Misty and Mora for that matter. Mora has never had a man screw her before.

Misty noticed Mica was quiet and asked what she was thinking about. Mica said just what you said, having Mora get with us sometime, I think it is a good idea. Were you serious and Misty said yes, ask her by all means. Mica said she had better get back to her place and got up and put her dress back on. She helped Misty into her wheelchair and they kissed good bye and she left. She just got in the door of her place and the phone started ringing. She got to it and it was Mora. She also wanted to know how it went with Max and Mica said great. She did not go into a lot of detail though. Mora said she was going to be in her area later and could she come by and Mica said she would like that a lot.

Mora said she would pick up some Chinese food on the way. They disconnected and Mica started some wash and cleaning up the place a little. Mora got there about 30 minutes later and Mica had showered and douched. She put the sun dress back on and just as she got into the kitchen the door buzzer rang. Mica checked and it was Mora so she buzzed her in and she got to the apt in a couple of minutes. Mica let her in and she had a bag full of food. They had a quick kiss and Mora headed to the kitchen to unload stuff. Mora got stuff on the table and Mica got the drinks fixed. Mora told her what she had in the cartons and fixed a plate for her. Mica used a fork laughing that she was hungry and did not want to be there all night with chopsticks. 

They were sitting side by side and Mora soon had her hand down on Mica's thigh. She pulled the dress up out of the way so she could get to the bare skin on Mica's leg. Mica put her hand down and found a bare leg and moving her hand up found that Mora had shorts on. The leg cuffs did not fit tight around her legs and soon Mica had a finger up to Mora's shaved pussy. Mora shivered and said Mica had two hours to stop that. Mora then worked her hand up Mica's dress and when Mica opened her legs, Mora found her shaved snatch which was beginning to get very wet. Soon they both withdrew their hands, licked their fingers and continued eating.

When they were done Mora put the containers that still had food in them in the ice box and Mica cleared the dishes. Mora walked up behind Mica and put her arms around her and hugged her. Her hands soon covered her large breasts and were teasing her nipples through the thin fabric. Mica turned around and pulled Mora into her arms. She found that Mora had already removed her blouse. They kissed passionately and soon Mora took Mica by the hand and lead her into the bedroom. She undid the buttons on Mica's dress and it slipped to the floor. Mica undid Mora's shorts and let them slide to the floor. They got in bed and Mora pushed Mica on to her back and started in on her breasts and nipples. 

While doing that, her hand went down between Mica's legs and found her large, long labia which were swollen with desire and arousal. She pulled rather hard on them getting a loud moan out of Mica. It did not take long for her to have a big orgasm with wildly bucking hips. Mora soon moved down between Mica's legs and lapped up the wonderful cum that was flowing. After getting Mica off two more times she moved back up alongside of her. They kissed for a while then Mica asked her if she would like to join Misty and her sometime. Mora said you mean like this and Mica said yes, we are lovers; we are both bi-sexual. Mora said wow and yes she would love to. She said she though both of them were very sexy, Misty with her crippled legs, braces and wheelchair and Mica being blind. 

She added that she hoped she did not offend Mica by saying that. Mica said not at all, I really enjoy being blind and I am glad you let me know you wanted me because of it. I love Misty's legs also and we make them part of our lovemaking. Mora pulled Mica to her and they kissed and then Mora kissed both of Mica's eye lids. Mica used her hands to find Mora's small breasts and started working on them. She slid down so she could get her mouth on her nipples and tugged and pulled at them gently with her teeth. This sent Mora over with her first orgasm. Mica moved down between her legs and inserted two fingers into her very wet vagina. Her finger found the G-spot and as she started working it her mouth found her clit. It was way out of its hood and she used her lips to milk it and tongue to tickle the tip. 

Mora immediately came with all of that stimulation and did so with lots of noise and movement. Mora finally had to grab hold of Mica's hand and pull it away from her pussy she got so sensitive. All she could do is lay there and pant for a while. She soon came around and said that was the best cum that anyone has ever given me. Mica said she was glad she could do it for her. 

Mica asked Mora when her birthday was and Mora said it was next Saturday. Mica said then plan on a party here at my place and Mora said deal. They just cuddled together and gently played with each other's nipples. Lots of thoughts were running through Mica's mind; should she tell Misty or surprise her? What should she say to Max, anything? She decided she should say something to both of them. 

Mora soon moved around and said she had better get going. They hugged and kissed for a little while longer then she got up, dressed and left. Mica called Misty and told her about their conversation and that Mora would be there next Saturday for her birthday party. Misty was elated with the news and asked if she was going to tell Max. Mica said yes but did not tell her that she was going to have Max screw Mora and Misty also. They talked for a while longer about food and a cake and then Mica called Max. 

They talked for a while then she asked him if he would be interested in Misty. He was quiet for some time then asked if it was a trick question. Mica laughed and said no, and told him he was invited to a birthday party next Saturday. He asked who it was for and who would be there. Mica told him and then said that Misty was interested in him. Mica said since she had been thinking about their earlier conversation and that he did not mind if she and Misty were lovers, she thought that he might like to join them, he had said he wanted to watch. Max said are you sure and she said yes, for now it was ok. He had remembered meeting Mora when Mica had her tubes tied and asked if she and Mica were also lovers. Mica said yes and that Mora had never had a man screw her and would he like to be her birthday present. 

Laughing hard, Max said then I suppose you will want me to screw you, I might be worn out by then. Mica said well you can spend the night and after some rest do me. Max got serious and said tell me how you really feel about me being involved. Mica said well I have thought about it a lot. I care about you very much and you said you were ok with me being with the other women. I thought it would not be fair for you to not be involved with them also so I am ok with it for now. Later we both might change our minds as you and I get more involved. Max said thank you for telling me your feelings, it means a lot to me. It sounds like a very interesting Saturday.

Saturday finally came and Mica had invited Misty for lunch. She had not told her that Max would be there. When she knocked on the door Max opened it standing behind it. After it closed Misty saw him dressed only in very small swim trunks. He told her that he and Mica were on the deck getting some sun and for her to join them. When she got out there Mica was naked and she asked Misty to join her on the lounge. Misty was hesitant then Mica said for Misty to join them for some sun. Misty had not worn her braces and only had a t-shirt on as she was expecting Mora to be there, not Max. She finally said what the hell and pulled the t-shirt over her head. 

Max was behind her and while she and Mica were talking had slipped his trunks off. Misty turned to him to get her chair into position to get on the lounge when she saw him. Her eyes and mouth got big when she saw his cock hard now. Mica heard the noise Misty made and laughing said is he hard already. Misty said as a rock. Mica said Misty, you can use it if you want, I don't mind. Mica moved to the edge of the lounge and reached out and found Misty's big breast with her hand. She tweaked the nipple and at the same time found Misty's leg and pulled it open so Max could see her shaved pussy. He stepped closer to them and Misty reached out for his hard on. 

It was leaking pre cum and she rubbed the head spreading it all up and down the shaft. She looked up into his eyes and took it into her mouth. He reacted by tilting his hips forward so she could get more of him in. She cupped and played with his balls at the same time. After a few minutes Max backed away from her saying he wanted to screw her to cum. He asked if he needed to use a condom and she said as much as I don't want too, yes, I am not on any birth control now. He handed her a condom and after wiping him off to be sure nothing got on the outside, she rolled it down his shaft. He helped her over to the lounge and sat down taking her legs in his arms. He looked closely at the very atrophied limbs telling her how sexy they were. Mica had moved behind the lounge and was fondling Misty's breasts.

Max placed her legs down and moved between them kissing his way to her pussy. It was very wet and he lapped it up finally getting to her clit. He also had a couple of finger in her vagina rubbing her G-spot. Misty soon came and at the end of her cum Max moved up and speared her with his long cock putting it in all the way. This jolted Misty and after a couple of strokes she started Cumming again. Just as she stopped she felt him empty his into the rubber and it started her over again. When she was done Max grabbed the base of his cock with the rubber and pulled out of her. Misty looked at him and said my God, no wonder Mica always has a grin on her face. Max pulled the condom off and moved up to where Misty could take him in her mouth again and clean him off getting a taste of his cum at the same time. 

Mica asked if that would hold her for a few days and she answered no, less than a day and they all laughed. Max went in and got a tray of sandwiches and then went back for drinks and they ate lunch outside. While they were eating Mica told Misty about the same thing that was planned for Mora who was due about an hour from now. Mica reminded both of them that Mora had said she had never been penetrated by a man. Mica said she had never felt a hymen on her so was not sure what would happen. Misty suggested since it was Mora's birthday let her decide who she wanted to be with first, her or Max. They all thought that was a good idea and would all be stimulating her some way while whomever she chose was doing her.

The sun had moved and they were no longer in the direct sunlight so they stayed naked. As time drew near, Max and Misty ran in to use the shower to freshen up. Max helped her and they kissed and fondled each other while there. They decided that Misty would answer the door when Mora came and Max would wait on the patio. 

As they were headed back to there, the door bell rang and Misty opened it after Max was out of sight. She was behind the door and as she closed it Mora saw her naked in her wheelchair. Mora only had a small bikini, sandals and shawl on. She leaned over and kissed Misty and told her how sexy she looked. Mora told her she had always wanted to see her with her braces off. The two of them went out on to the patio and Mora greeted Mica and they hugged and kissed. Max was not around. Mora said looks like everyone has a head start with the sun so can I get undressed also? Both girls said you bet, your overdressed. Mora quickly stripped and Misty looked her over good since she had never seen her. Both of them kissed again and Misty rubbed her breasts as she leaned over.

About that time Max came out of the kitchen and Mora yelped trying to cover herself. She quickly saw though that Max was naked and sporting a nice hard cock. Grinning, Misty said in case you don't recognize Max with nothing on, he was with us when Mica had her tubal. Mora laughed and said yes, I remember. Max had put the drinks down and said happy birthday to her and gave her a kiss on the cheek. They moved over to the lounges and chairs and sat down grabbing a cold drink. After some small talk, Mica said well, we all chipped in and got you a birthday present then said nothing else. Mora looked around then finally said what? Mica said it is right in front of you, Max and Misty. You can have each of them but you have to choose which one you want first. 

We will all be here as that person makes love to you, helping, and yes, both know about you and I. That's why they want in also. Mora was shocked but soon was licking her lips with desire. Mora thought for a minute then said she wanted Misty first so she could build her up good, get her going and then Max could be the climax. They all immediately got the pun and started laughing. Max asked if he needed to use a rubber and Mora said no, she had her tube tied some time ago after one fibroid ovary had been removed. Mica asked if she was ready to begin and she said can't wait! She moved to one of the lounges and was soon surrounded by Mica, Misty and Max. 

Mica found her face and started kissing her. Max was on the other side and started working on her very small breasts and large nipples. Misty got out of her chair and was able to get between Mora's legs. She spread them and found her large vaginal lips dripping and started using her fingers to explore her slit. Mora was shaved smooth and Misty soon had several fingers in her vagina. Mora was moaning and moving around with all three of them working her over and soon orgasmed. Misty nibbled her clit and then sucked it into her mouth using her tongue to trill across the tip. This sent Mora over again. Max and Misty were looking at each other during this. Mica had moved her hand down and grabbed hold of Mora breast and nipple across from Max. 

Misty moved Mora's legs off to the sides of the lounge and signaled Max to come and take over. Misty pulled herself aside and Max quickly got in her place and slid his hard cock all the way into Mora's tight cunt. She let out a loud moan and kept moaning as Max pumped into her. Misty had pulled herself along the deck and had taken over sucking Mora's nipples. She also reached up and took hold of one of Mica's breasts. Mora was soon having one long, hard cum saying Max's name over and over as he pumped her. Her clinching vaginal muscles soon had him shooting a big load into her as he bottomed out and held there. He was able to get 4 good squirts even after having just done Misty a short time ago. 

Mica could tell what was happening and as soon as it seemed both Max and Mora were done she followed the lounge down and as Max pulled out of her overflowing pussy, Mica took his cock in her mouth and sucked him down, getting a good mouthful of both of them. As soon as she had Max clean she started in on Mora enjoying the stuff leaking from her still wildly stretched open vagina. All Mora could do is just lay there with her legs spread wide open. 

Surprisingly enough, Max was still hard, and he got behind Mica and just pushed into her as she ate Mora. He did not move, just filled her and rested. Misty enjoyed watching the whole show while rubbing Mora's breast. Max reached under Mica and filled his hands with her big breasts and as she finished eating Mora she reached between her legs and found his balls swaying around and cupped and pulled them. There was still no movement of his cock in and out of her sheath, just a steady pressure forward into her by Max. 

Mora finally came around and could not believe what had just happened to her. She figured she would never again be able to repeat the amount of pleasure her friends had just given her. The girls went into the kitchen and got the food fixed and Max took a nap! After a great dinner outside, they all sat around and talked. Both Max and Mora were interested in hearing from Mica and Misty about their life with their disabilities. Neither one was the least bit unhappy about being like they were and in fact were very glad they were. Mica talked first about how much sharper her other senses were during sex. She said most sex was done in the dark anyway and they all laughed.
