 This story is based on absolute truth. Although it has not happened yet, both parties have agreed on this meeting and the plan outlined below which is to take place very shortly. In fact, the hotel suite has already been booked. The story, therefore, is an actual account of what both Jim and Maria have agreed they wish to happen - if it does not, then it will not be their fault. This story has been written, therefore, as told to me by Maria, after the agreement between them has been decided. Only names have been altered - not the details.

* * * * *

My name is Maria. At the time I am telling you about I was extremely sexually frustrated. My husband had been impotent for some time now, and I was not getting any sex at all other than what I was able to provide with my own two hands. I had become tired of surfing for porn sites - I ached for a cock to satisfy my needs, and my cyber-lover, Rex, over in England didn't help all that much - cyber-sex still means masturbation, and my pussy was crying out to have a real live throbbing pillar of flesh inside.

Then, out of the blue, came what might be my salvation. I had been playing the gaming rooms on the web for some time, and had got to know a man of about my own age fairly well. At least I had through chatting over the Internet. Eventually our chat turned sexual, and I began to give vent to my frustrations. Jim, as he was called, put a suggestion to me. Would I be willing to meet him for a weekend session? He was tall, he said, with a length of eleven inches and quite thick. And he would be staying in a hotel in Reno with two of his buddies, both black, and I was welcome to join them should I wish. He seemed to be making this gesture with tongue in cheek, but to his delight I immediately accepted.

So, for the next two weeks, I felt over the moon. I could hardly wait for the illicit assignment, and masturbated even more frequently in anticipation of what the weekend would bring.

What would I wear? I hunted through web-sites searching for the right lingerie to excite Jim, although he would probably need no arousing. My cyber-lover in England came up with the answer - he would buy some for me but with one condition attached. The condition was that as soon as the opportunity arose I would flash Jim, (and his companions if they were present at the time), no matter where they may be. The knickers would then come off and I would be forbidden to wear them again until the weekend was over.

And now the big moment had arrived. Jim knew me from the pictures I had sent of myself, but I had no idea as yet what he looked like. 

On the pretence of having an "all-girls" weekend away, I had said goodbye to my husband, and had driven the three and a half hours from home to Reno. I made for the hotel, pulled up outside and handed my car over to the valet and my suitcase to the bell-boy who had appeared, and then followed him inside.

I gave Jim's name to the bell-boy, who then directed me over to where a tall, well-tanned gentleman was sitting reading a newspaper. As we approached he looked up, recognised me, and asked "Maria?"

"Jim?" I replied, whereupon courteously, as befitting a gentleman, he stood up and took my hand and kissed it. "I'll show you our room," he said to me as the bell-boy disappeared, and led me to the elevator. 

He stood aside to let me enter first, then, as the doors closed, he moved forwards to give me a full kiss.

"Wait a second," I told him. "I promised Rex something." And with that I raised my skirt to the waist, revealing the black lace panties, so sensuous and revealing. "Now take them off, please," I told him.

Jim lost no time in reaching out and pushing them right down to my ankles where I nimbly stepped out of them, still leaving my skirt at my waist so that Jim was able to feast his eyes on my slightly hairy pussy. It was this way with some stubble, as Jim had asked me previously to leave it so, as he wanted to shave it off, and also take a video of this being done. In fact, one or the other of the boys was to take videos right through the entire weekend, the idea being that the more depraved we could all get, the better the resulting film. Jim once again came forward for the kiss, but this time his hand also went straight to where I was wanting it most - on my excited and already moist cunt. 

As the elevator reached the required floor it stopped, the doors opened, and dropping my skirt back into place we stepped out into the corridor, Jim courteously retrieving my knickers from off the floor.

Arms round waists, we two lovers walked along the corridor, until Jim stopped outside one, where to my slight surprise he knocked. It was immediately opened by a well-built black man whom Jim now introduced as Wayne. He, too, stepped forward to kiss me, and once again I stepped back out of his reach as I had done with Jim, in order to raise my skirt and flash my nakedness at him. As he stared delightedly he was joined by another, also well-built, black man, who also drank in the view being presented to them. I allowed them both to embrace me in a kiss, as they, too, copied Jim's gesture of immediately going for a fumble of my pussy.

Jim, though pushed me from behind as we all stepped inside the room, where I noticed straight away that it was, as he had promised, actually a suite.

Before anyone could close the door, though, the bell-boy arrived with my weekend case. Jim tipped him, threw the case into a corner, and said "You won't need that this weekend."

Having seen the bell-boy out, Jim now led me through into the adjoining bedroom, where two king-size beds were the main items of furniture. 

"Stay there," he told me, as Wayne and Bruce, as I now knew him to be called, picked up a large plastic sheet and threw it over one of the beds, covering it entirely.

Jim, meanwhile, had opened a small case, and was bringing out what looked like silken cord or rope. I tingled at the sight of this. I had always nursed a fantasy of being fucked whilst tied up helplessly.

"Get undressed completely," ordered Jim. I complied, my bra and shoes following my dress onto the floor. 

"Boys," called out Jim. "You know where she has to go." With that the two black men picked me up easily, placed me on the bed with arms outstretched above and legs spread widely below.

The three of them now proceeded to fasten soft silken handcuffs round my wrists and ankles, each of these now being locked into place with a key which Jim had produced. Next, they tied the other ends of the silken cords to the bedposts, and I was helpless. My fantasies were coming true. I was going to be helpless and also gang-banged! And both at once! This was even further than I had ever imagined!

Once in place, the three men started to undress. I suddenly realised though, that I had been driving for almost four hours without a stop, and had gone straight to this room. 

"Jim, please," I said, just as he was taking out a blindfold, "I must use the bathroom first. Can you release me while I go, please?"

"That will be the first part of your submission," he laughed at me. "Wayne - that bowl, over there, please." 

Wayne picked up a plastic bowl which was lying in one corner of the room and took it to Jim, who simply placed it under my bottom and said, "Now, piss, you slut!"

I was slightly reluctant, yet at the same time I was in need. I thought about it, and then thought to myself, "What the fuck? Does it matter? My cunt is already wide open for them all to see. What difference will my pissing make?" So, with little restraint I relaxed and allowed the pee to begin to trickle out. Jim deftly manoeuvred the bowl so that it caught the liquid as it spilled out, while I tried to control the flow so as not to project a stream which might go everywhere.

But when I had finally finished, Jim took not only the bowl, but also produced a sponge, which he proceeded to put into the steaming pee, and then obscenely started to wipe over my body, breasts, and finally my face! I could smell the reek of it as he wiped round my nostrils. Yet, somehow, this only seemed to simulate my feelings. I was a slut. I was being treated like one. Is not that what I had always wanted?

Next second the blindfold was in place. I was even more helpless, now, unable to move, unable to see. Then, to my surprise, something I had not expected, my mouth was stuffed with a gag. I struggled a little as I heard Jim's voice, "Now we won't disturb the rest of the hotel if you happen to scream," he told me. The obscenity of them watching me piss , followed by the sudden piercing I felt as one of the men, I knew not who, plunged right into my cunt with no pretence at foreplay, all these actually increased my desire to be further abused.

I relaxed and began to enjoy the excitement as the long cock plunged in and out of my cunt, my muscles responding, tightening, and grasping the lengthy shaft as I tried to contain it inside me.

I felt my cunt responding, as my nectar started to flow, and obscene noises made themselves heard as the unrelenting rod plunged in and out. Finally, with a loud grunt from whoever it was, I felt myself being flooded with cum as spurt after spurt filled my cavity. Then it suddenly withdrew, and a slightly different, yet still rigid cock took its place. Once again the whole action was repeated, and still my juices flowed, but this time mixed with the ejected semen form the previous invader. Then once again I felt the muscles begin to spasm as the second man shot his load. He, too, withdrew, and the third one took his place. Again and again I convulsed in ecstasy; I was being gang-banged! One of my life's dreams was coming true.

Finally the third one came to his climax, but was replaced by a cock again. They were coming back for seconds! So emotional had I now become that I realised that the gag was the only thing stopping me from actually screaming with intense pleasure. I climaxed myself time and time again, as each of the mean also climaxed for the second time each. Finally, there came a sudden feeling of emptiness as my cunt was freed of all blockages. 

There then came a ring on the door bell, and I heard Jim calling out that he was coming. I heard him talking to someone, and then he came back into the bedroom. "Room service" he explained to all. "I ordered our meal to be sent up here, so we don't need to go down at all. And she can remain like that as long as we like."

"Now," he said to me as he removed the gag, "Open your mouth wide." As I did so he began to feed me titbits, although with the blindfold still in place I was not sure what I was eating. However, he was gentle, caring, and careful so as not to overfeed me all at once. I then felt a cup placed to my lips as my head was supported from behind, and I drank willingly of the cool liquid. 

Soon I was able to tell Jim that I was satisfied, to which he jokingly replied, "But only as far as food is concerned, I hope!"

The blindfold had remained in position all along, though, and it still remained in place when I felt the restraining cords on my ankles being loosened. But strong arms held me as I felt my legs being lifted and pulled back over my head, so that I was now lying with legs and arse revealed to all. Once again, though, the gag was roughly pushed into my mouth, but I was now getting used it, and after all, I had opted to be a slut, and had actually asked to be treated as sluttish as was possible.

It was then that I realised the reason for having been repositioned, although I more or less knew that as soon as they started to do it. A gel was being rubbed into my arse-hole, although it was a hole that was already used to being fucked. The fingers began to stretch at the hole, and I could feel it already beginning to expand under the ministrations. Then I felt two fingers inserted and felt my hole being pulled out wide as the fingers pulled in opposite directions. A certain amount of discomfort accompanied this, but I was unable to do more than wriggle, as all sounds were muffled and unintelligible. Finally, when I felt that I was being stretched to the limits the fingers withdrew and a hard piece of flesh slid easily inside the prepared entrance. But to my astonishment I then felt a second something or other as the two fingers slipped inside as well. I was really being stretched. At the same time something large and cold, about the size of a cucumber was being thrust into my cunt, where it was roughly pushed in and out like I did myself when using a dildo. This was then taken out as whoever was in my bum hole suddenly pulled his cock out and used it to replace the gag as it was pulled out of my mouth. Straight from my bottom to my mouth. I almost gagged at the thought, but remembered I had done this often enough in the past. It was the unknown here which was having its effects. Whilst it was in my mouth, however, and was already jerking in its pre-come spasms, I felt another even thicker one penetrating my arse. Then, just as suddenly as it had appeared there, the cock in my mouth pulled out as it began to spatter all over my unprotected face. I could feel it in my hair, on my cheeks, and round the edges of the blindfold as what felt like gallons squirted there. But as the spurts died away, they were replaced just as quickly by another series of cum started to hit my face. These men were insatiable! And their stamina! 

For a short time, though, the sexual activity ceased, and I started to recover my breath, which had been making me gasp with the relentless abuse I was receiving.

I felt the gag put back into my mouth, then for some reason I was left like this for a time, until it dawned on me that there was no sound around me. The men were not in the room. Yet I was still tied up helplessly, and unable to move. For some time I lay there, getting slightly panicky by now. Had they finished and left me like that?

I began to wonder what the time was. Rex, my cyber-lover, had promised to telephone me on my cell-phone, just to make sure I was all right. Then I heard it ringing. But, a little to my relief, I heard Jim answering. A few seconds later he came to me and pulled out the gag, and told me that Rex was calling. Did I want to say anything?

In my own perverse way, in spite of the treatment I had already received, I was in high heaven with this orgy, and quickly answered Rex as he asked me how I was. "Darling," I said. "Everything is Hunky Dory." There. I had said it. The code-words agreed upon beforehand to reassure Rex that everything was all right, and that I was enjoying myself with no regrets. If it had not been, though, I would have told him that everything was fine. Same meanings, but in code the words stood for direct opposites.

Replacing the gag Jim now told me that they had now rested, but that it was now my turn again to be the entertainment. A finger went into my cunt first, followed by another one, then a third, until there were five fingers there in all. Then, forcibly, and with a little pushing, the whole hand seemed to disappear right up my well-stretched hole. I was being fist-fucked! My whole cunt felt on fire as the hand relentlessly thrust in and out, and gradually I grew used to this brutality as well. I was beginning to really enjoy this, when suddenly the hand pulled out and instead went straight up my bottom hole, almost tearing the flesh. Had it not been for the gag I would have really screamed in agony, but even this changed as once again I succumbed and started to enjoy it. But the really humiliating part came next, when the hand pulled out, the gag was removed, and the fingers so recently inside my arse replaced the gag! At the same time a solid cock thrust once more up my pussy, and once again I was in high heaven.

The fingers were removed from my mouth, to be replaced by a tender mouth as the blindfold was pulled away for me to see that it was Jim again.

There seemed more feeling about this than had been apparent previously. So far I was being used. Now I felt being loved. Reciprocating, my tongue sought his, and together, for the first time, we kissed with passion instead of raw lust.

"After this we are going to eat in the restaurant," said Jim, as we finally parted tongues. "I am going to untie you, but you must promise you will not try to escape," he laughed. "Not that you would, or even could!" 

He produced his key and neatly unlocked the handcuffs, allowing me to sit up and rub my limbs for the first time since I arrived.

"I have another dress with me," I said. "Shall I wear it, or the one I arrived in?"

"What is it like?" asked Jim.

"A short sundress," I answered. "It really plunges in front and ends well above the knees. It is extremely revealing, in fact, with breasts like mine. But Rex made me promise not to wear anything at all beneath should we ever leave this room. I assume that goes for you, too!" And I laughed.

"It certainly does," he answered. "Especially as I shall do my best to make sure that others can be made aware of your lack of undies."

Wayne and Bruce were waiting for us at the elevator, and I had no compunction whatsoever in raising my skirt to give them a flash of what they had already become so familiar with. "No knickers" I laughed. "My cunt is yours all the time."

Entering the elevator, though there were three or four others inside unfortunately, and so any fooling around had to wait. But so what? They had had a good fill already, and they all knew that there was more to come.

We ate in splendour. Wine flowed, food was brilliant, and every now and again a hand would slide up and under my short skirt to fondle my naked pussy. I started to use my fingers for my food, picking up a titbit and rubbing it inside my pussy before offering it to one or the other of them. They thought it was great. 

After the meal, this being Reno, we drifted into the gambling rooms. For two or three hours we played, roulette, craps, blackjack, never betting huge amounts, but watching our luck rise then fall, until eventually we decided to call it a day. We had lost (the men, not me - I had no money with me) less than about twenty dollars altogether, and we were all happy enough with our fun.

In spite of being in a crowded room, however, when Jim declared it was time to return to our room I kissed him outrageously, no matter who could see me, rubbing his balls with the palm of my hand, and feeling him starting to rise.

I looked round for Wayne and Bruce, to invite them for another session with all three, but they were not in sight. Jim explained that he had sent them on an errand, and that they would see us back in our room.

So, in the elevator once more Jim stripped me completely of the sundress, and then made me walk completely naked along the corridor to our room. Once inside I made no objections when he once more produced the cuffs and ropes to tie me to the bed once more.

I not only allowed him to do this, but helped him get the right tensions on the ropes so that I was completely helpless.

Then came a soft knock on the door. Jim went and returned with Wayne and Bruce, but also with a girl who was most obviously a hooker! She took one glance at me lying helpless on the bed, not only stark naked but also exposing all I had between my legs, and smiled. Then, turning to Bruce and Wayne she raised her arms to indicate that she was ready to be undressed by them. Seconds later she was fully stripped. Firm breasts (probably implanted) and protruding cunt lips indicating the use they must have had over time. With no prompting, though, proving that she had already been primed as to what to do, she climbed on the bed over the top of me, head to toe, so that I was gazing straight up into an obviously well-used cunt, already glistening with her dew, which she proceeded to lower onto my face. At the same time I felt her tongue lapping away at my own oozing nectar, before she suddenly raised herself up again and I saw a huge black cock slide right inside that gaping cunt. It thrust in and out for ages, my eyes glued to the spectacle, and splashes of her cunt-juices began to splatter onto my face. At the same time I found myself also impaled once more, as her head left off kissing my pussy and was replaced by a hard cock.
