 Louisa met Michael on holiday in Spain and is now deeply involved with him both sexually and emotionally. He has introduced Louisa to many new sexual acts including anal sex, threesomes and double penetration. He's also shown Louisa that she can squirt and invited his friends and some strangers to get in on the action. This last will be explored further in the current chapter. In the previous chapter, Louisa and Michael had a quick fuck in the back of Michael's car in a parking lot on the way back from the airport. They were watched by two young guys who enjoyed what they saw. Michael spoke to them briefly afterwards but Louisa didn't hear what was said. She's about to find out...

I had now been in America for four days. After the first mad evening during which Dan joined us and I was intimately "examined" on Michael's large medical couch that he had basically bought for my benefit, things had been dialled down a bit. Michael and I still fucked pretty much every which way and I had still come many, many times, often squirting but it had been somewhat tamer than that first night. One thing events of the past four days had confirmed with a vengeance though is that I had definitely become a huge fan of anal. It was getting to the stage when if I didn't have a hard cock up my arse at least once during sex I would feel short changed.

Michael was at work so I let my memories settle back on that threesome with Dan. He'd seemed pretty shy at first and was certainly a little shocked while watching Michael finger me to a huge, squirting orgasm but he'd recovered quickly. He'd had no problem joining in the action once he'd got over the surprise of seeing me ejaculate so powerfully. We'd then had a night of wild sex in which I'd been soundly fucked by them both although I hadn't been double teamed as such. I remembered being arse fucked by Dan as I sucked Michael off but I hadn't been fucked by them both together. I smiled mischievously. Maybe that was something that could be rectified - I was here for a month.

I'd got a feeling that Michael had planned something different for the evening ahead. He'd told me to "dress up" again which he hadn't done since Dan had joined us. I'd had a long bath, rubbed myself down with vanilla and frankincense scented body lotion then dressed myself in a white sheer negligee and tiny briefs. The negligee had straps that tied on the shoulders giving easy access to my massive tits. It had an elasticated waist which meant that it wouldn't just fall off but I kind of liked that idea. The knickers weren't a thong panty but they weren't far off. They were also crotchless. I'd bought them on a whim during the ten days that Michael and I had first been apart; I wondered what he would make of them.

Michael was due home any minute. I sat on the sofa in my usual position with my legs curled under me and my strappy high sandals just visible. Sure enough, I had just adjusted my seat when I heard a key in the lock. Michael entered the apartment and looked at me. "Oh God yes," he breathed, taking in my appearance. "Yes and again yes." He grinned at me. "I'm gonna take a shower babe - you know the routine."

"Company or not?" I queried. On previous nights I'd joined Michael for his after work shower and we'd fucked under the water. It was always a fabulous experience. However, on the night that Dan had joined us, Michael had showered alone. I wasn't sure what I wanted the answer to be. Fucking in the shower was always amazing but if Michael didn't want company that would probably mean that we were both going to get company of another sort and soon.

The latter seemed more likely given the way I was dressed and I wasn't surprised to hear Michael reply in the negative. "I need a quick shower babe," he informed me, "And they don't tend to be quick when you're with me." I smiled at the memories. "Now," Michael continued, "There's a chance the doorbell might go while I'm in the shower. If it does, answer it will you. You can look through the peephole - you'll know if you want to let them in or not. I think you will." He winked at me with a fiendish look on his handsome face and went to shower.

I was left at a bit of a loose end. All dressed up and nowhere to go you might say. I tripped round the apartment in my stilettos idly wondering about the possibilities for the night ahead. Maybe Michael had invited Rob to join us again. This was an enticing prospect. I liked Rob - he was a nice guy and more to the point, he was sexy and impressively endowed. He hadn't fucked my arse yet - that was something we could do if it was him. The doorbell rang. I went to answer it. I flipped the metal covering away from the peephole and looked through. It wasn't Rob. In fact it took me a few seconds to realise who it was. Then I knew - it was the boys from the parking lot! Shit. That must have been what Michael had been doing when he'd spoken to them outside the car after they'd watched us fuck. He'd arranged for them to come round in a few days to join us.

I was actually very nervous as I opened the door. This was another step further. By allowing them in myself, dressed as I was, I was essentially already giving carte blanche to anything that might happen later. Previously any group activity had been in Michael's control. While he had set up this encounter, the fact that I was actually letting the guys in changed the dynamics somewhat. Not that it stopped me. I took a deep breath and pulled the door open. 

"Come in both of you," I tried to keep my voice steady as I welcomed them. The older of the two entered first. At a guess he was 23/24 years old. The younger one followed. He couldn't have been more than 20. They were both silent as they came through the door taking in my appearance with a mixture of disbelief and appreciation. Which one of us would have spoken first had we been left to our own devices any longer I don't know but at that point Michael emerged from the bedroom.

"Happy with things?" he asked the boys.

"Hell yeah," the older one answered still staring at my body encased in its sheer negligee. "Hell yeah." The younger one merely nodded also staring. He looked like he might never speak again.

"Louisa, this is Tony and this is Paul," Michael indicated first the older then the younger guy. "Guys, this is Louisa. As you've probably already guessed from the parking lot and the way she looks now, she's a hot piece of ass." 

The guys laughed breaking the ice. "Is she really okay with this?" Paul, the younger man, spoke for the first time.

"Hey, you can talk to me too you know," I said encouragingly. "Yes, I'm really okay with this. Whatever "this" is. I had no idea you were coming round but now you're here it's fine." I paused. "More than fine. I'm looking forward to it. All of it."

"Oh yeah baby," Tony murmured. He still hadn't taken his eyes from my body. Neither of them had.

"We should go through," Michael said indicating the way out of the living room and down the hallway to the room where the couch was. I inhaled sharply. Michael looked at me in concern. "You okay with this sweetheart? You know I'd never get you to do anything you didn't really want to do. If you're dubious at all we can rethink."

"No, I'm fine," I reassured him. "Realisation just hit that's all. I'm absolutely fine now. Like I said, I'm looking forward to it." I smiled my reassurance at Tony and Paul who had looked a bit alarmed at Michael's words. I guess they were worried that having been promised a good fuck it was going to be snatched away. No chance. I wanted these young studs. I wanted them badly.

Michael opened the door. The room was no longer kept locked. Now that I knew what was inside there was no need. In fact, while Michael was at work, I sometimes lay on the couch with my feet in the stirrups and masturbated. It was easy to bring myself off that way. The position of my legs meant my pussy was so easy to access and the thought of how I must look, lying back with my legs apart and in the air, my cunt exposed for the world to see and my hand wanking my clit was a huge turn on. Paul and Tony were a little surprised I could see but their surprise quickly changed to satisfaction as they took in the possibilities. With no need for talk, I hopped up onto the couch and awaited further instruction.

"Undo your straps babe," Michael purred. "Time the boys saw your tits. You okay with that?" He looked across at them. They nodded enthusiastically, grinning their pleasure. I moved my hands to first one strap then the other and untied them slowly. Holding the material over my breasts at first, I silently moved my hand and let it fall. The effect was instantaneous. Both guys caught their breath as my enormous boobs were exposed.

"Shit," they both breathed simultaneously.

"Can we touch them?" Tony asked, gesturing towards my swollen mammaries. Paul stood dumbstruck, mesmerised by the sight.

"Sure," Michael replied. "That's okay isn't it sweetheart?"

"More than okay," I sighed. "If someone doesn't touch me soon I'll explode."

Tony moved hesitantly towards me indicating that Paul should do the same. They took positions on either side of the couch. "You should join her up there," Michael advised. "There's plenty of room." They did so, Tony to my left and Paul to my right. Once up there, their hesitancy vanished. Tony grasped my breast in his hand and began to caress it roughly. Paul lowered his mouth to my other breast and sucked on my nipple. I sighed with satisfaction as I savoured the feeling of having two young bucks suck and fondle my huge tits. The boys began to take the initiative.

"I gotta have those tits," Paul grunted while he mouthed the one he currently had. "I just gotta." He heisted himself up and straddled my waist then he put his cock between my massive rack. Tony moved down the couch and nudged my knees up and apart so that the skirt of my negligee fell down my thighs and my knickers were exposed.

"Shit, they're crotchless!" Tony exclaimed in delight as my thighs fell further apart. This brought Michael to the table and he stared down at my knickers in surprised relish.

"You naughty girl," he muttered, grasping first one leg then the other and placing them in the stirrups. "I think you'll have easier access now," he informed Tony. "And it's not like she doesn't want you to see." He then passed Paul a bottle of oil. "Use that," he commanded. "It'll be much easier to slide up and down between her tits. Grease your cock with it."

I was now reclining on the couch with my legs in the air and apart and Tony gazing down at my cunt, with the outer region still covered by white lace but with most of my vulva, my vagina and my clitoris exposed due to the split crotch. Meantime, Paul was straddling my upper body with his now-greased penis between my huge breasts. Moaning, I pushed my tits around Paul's dick, encasing it in soft, swollen flesh. He groaned. "Oh God that is just the best. I'll never feel anything better than those tits round my cock." Don't speak too soon, I thought. You haven't felt my arse yet. Tony meanwhile was putting his hand to good use. My clit was clearly erect again as I felt his fingers tickle and tease it. I gasped loudly as he pulled and flicked the sensitive little organ. Not so little either. I sensed it was growing by the second.

"Fuck," I heard Tony say. "Her clit's massive. I gotta suck on it." He did. Next second I felt his mouth around my engorged clitoris and he sucked expertly. I moaned louder and thrust my cunt towards his mouth. "Oh yeah baby," Tony breathed. "You push that pussy into my mouth. You taste fucking sweet girl."

Further up, Paul was really going at my tits. I was having a bit of trouble keeping them pushed round his penis as he kept up a rapid onslaught, thrusting wildly between them. He was grunting his rapture noisily as he thrust, making the kind of animalistic noises I was familiar with. Tony had stopped sucking at my clit and was lightly brushing it with his finger while his tongue lapped at my cunt and snaked its way into my vagina. Fuck, the sensations were getting too much. I had a 20 year old boy ramming his dick between my tits and a 24 year old one lapping at my pussy. And I was 38! I let out an extremely loud groan as all thoughts and feelings merged. Paul banging my tits, Tony sucking at my twat and the fact that they were both so young was enough to trigger my orgasm.

I screamed my frenzied euphoria and came in Tony's waiting mouth. While I didn't squirt, I gushed fluid all over his face, my knickers and the couch. I rammed my cunt up to his face, jerking it up trying to get him to take more of it. Paul shouted his climax too as he began to spill his load all over my tits. "Oh fucking shit!" he yelled as jet after jet ejaculated from his penis while I thrust my twat up to Tony's mouth. Tony had his hands under my bottom cheeks and was keeping his mouth in position despite my frenzied bucking. Eventually, our orgasms were finished and I sagged back on the couch as Paul rolled off me, spent.

"I hope you don't think you're finished," Michael reproached me. "Tony's just given you one hell of an orgasm. You should return the favour." I looked up quizzically while Paul lay exhausted next to me. "Suck him off baby, show him what that talented mouth of yours can do." I obliged, moving down the couch to where Tony's large cock stood erect and waiting. I turned over so that I was lying on my front and brought my mouth to the head of his penis. He was tall so we matched perfectly and Tony moaned as I inserted his cock into my mouth. I've mentioned before that I am pretty good at sucking men off. However, my talents weren't really called into question this evening. Tony was obviously turned on as hell from the action that had already taken place. I swallowed his seven and a half inch cock hungrily and started to move it in and out of my mouth, using my tongue round the shaft and end as I usually did. Tony moaned and sighed as I sucked him, bumping his cock forwards to complement my own movement. It didn't take long for Tony's moaning to increase in volume but just before he came in my mouth, I felt kisses and a soft tongue on my bottom. Paul had woken up and was rimming me gently. I moaned in response and surreptitiously rubbed my cunt into the couch. Before I could stimulate myself properly though, Tony erupted into my mouth with a shout. Wow he could come that boy. He didn't quite match Michael for fluid explosion but it was close. I swallowed as much as I could - nearly all of it in fact and looked up at him lustfully.

"Better?" I questioned.

"Oh fuck yeah," gasped Tony from above me. "I needed that."

"I hope you have a quick recovery rate," Michael said. "I can see your friend's already back up and raring to go. She's not been fucked yet. Why don't you both do the honours?"

"Both?" Tony queried.

"Well she's got two holes hasn't she. Use them both."

"Do you do that?" Paul asked me in disbelief. "Will you take us both? Do you take it up the ass?"

"I love it up the arse." I replied - I still held onto the British pronunciation of the word. "I think I like it better than straight sex."

"She's not joking," Michael assured him. "She's a fucking anal slut. Why don't you carry on what you were doing to her ass to give your friend a bit more time to recover. Not that he's doing badly." Michael sounded impressed as he glanced at Tony's penis which was already hardening again. Paul went back to my arse. I got up on my knees to give him easier access and he parted my buttocks. I savoured the feeling of him sucking on my anus and jabbing his tongue against it. He was good at this.

"You've done this before," I stated looking behind me.

"Not really," Paul replied shyly, looking up from my arse. "I tried it on an ex-girlfriend once. I liked doing it but she wasn't a fan so we didn't really..."

"That's a shame," I sighed as his tongue returned to my arsehole. "You're naturally talented." I meant it too. His tongue was provoking some fabulous sensations. I bucked my arse back at his mouth to indicate my satisfaction.

"Okay, I think Tony's ready," Michael interrupted our pleasure. "Which way are you going to do this?"

"I should probably do her pussy," Tony said. "I'm a bit bigger than Paul. I don't want to hurt her."

"You won't," Michael reassured. "She takes my cock easily and I'm a bit bigger than you. Still, I think you're right. By the looks of things, Paul might be as much of an anal slut as Louisa." He laughed. "What d'you say Paul? Fancy getting your cock up Louisa's ass? Ever fucked up the ass before?"

"No," gasped Paul, looking at my bottom in a new light while his eyes lit up. Evidently he was in favour of the idea.

"Now's your chance boy," Michael grinned. Then he said in a lower voice close to Paul's ear, "You're in good hands. Or rather good ass. She loves it."

"I should lie on the couch right?" Tony checked the best way to do this.

"No I don't think so," Michael replied. "She's always getting her ass fucked from above. I think you guys should do it from below. You lie back Paul and put this on." Paul lay back, his penis stiff as a board standing up in front of him and slid a condom over it. "Now grease his cock Louisa," Michael directed, handing me a tube of lube. I squeezed a fair amount on my hands and slathered it onto Paul's penis while he sighed with contentment. "Now," Michael continued his direction, "Pull your knickers to the side and hold your bottom cheeks apart Louisa, then slide down onto Paul's dick. Slowly." I did as instructed. Fuck it felt good. I thrust my knickers off my arse and rudely to one side then held my buttocks as wide apart as I could and felt the head of Paul's penis nudging my anus. I pushed down and felt him slide into me. Without much effort, he was all the way in and I was sitting on his lap with his dick buried in my arse.

"Now part your thighs Louisa," Michael ordered me. I parted my thighs. "Okay Tony," Michael went on. "Get your cock covered and fuck her cunt." Tony did as instructed. With Paul's penis deep in my arse from below, Tony positioned himself between my parted legs and drove his hard cock into my twat from above. Oh God, new sensations, I thought. The feeling of being double penetrated when the dick in my arse was below me was different from the other way round but no less amazing. It wasn't going to take long for them to make me come I thought. I could feel it building already. Tony was thrusting madly into my cunt while Paul did his best to ram his cock into my arse underneath me. He wasn't doing a bad job considering his restricted position. Strong boy. I focused on both dicks inside me. Once again, I could feel both holes almost filled to capacity and the movement was unbelievable. 

"Oh God boys," I cried out, "Keep fucking my holes. I want to feel you come in both my holes while I come too." This was rapidly approaching reality. Both boys were speeding up and the noises they were making were getting louder. Mine too. I was starting to howl my ecstasy again; screaming, crying, cursing with jubilation as I was banged hard from both sides. Tony in particular seemed almost possessed as he rammed his cock as hard as he possibly could into my vagina. It was as though he was trying to split me in two. I didn't care. It felt so fucking good. I lunged my pelvis back and forth in rhythm with the guys' thrusts, alternately pushing my twat towards Tony and my bottom towards Paul. In the midst of all this, I felt Paul jerk up my arse and begin to come. This sent me over the top and my climax hit me. You can guess what happened.

"Pull out man," I heard Michael urge Tony. "Fucking pull out. Take that condom off and shoot on her tits." Tony pulled out of my cunt just in time. I shrieked at the top of my voice as I came and shot cum forward about six or seven feet.
