 This is my first submission. Your feedback would be appreciated. 

*

I looked down at the text and my cock began to stir...

My girlfriend Michele was my first college crush. One look at her and I was a goner. She was a petite, little thing, cute as a button, with long blonde hair and small, perky breasts with nipples that stood up firm to the touch. Her penetrating brown eyes looked right into your soul. But her best feature was her ass. I had never before, and still have not to this day, had an ass in the palms of my hands that was as tight and ripe as hers. 

But as most college romances go, it was fleeting. We were too young to get serious, and we quickly went our own ways. But deep down I knew she was the love of my life. Fast forward twenty years, and after a recent divorce for each of us, we were reunited, and ready to make up for lost time. 

Unfortunately, we live in adjoining states, with jobs and kids that we can't leave, so we are able to see each other for only one weekend a month. The upside is that we have gone above and beyond to make the most of every moment together, especially sexually. We have no time for vanilla sex. There is no position, no fetish, no scenario that we are not willing to try. And Michele is an insatiable sexual being. Every part of her body is open to me, any moment I desire it, and she is never more content than when my cock, fingers, or tongue is on her or in her. 

Her latest interest is exploring her submissive side. Michele has asked me to push her envelope, to see how far she is willing to go, to see what I can get her to submit to. And that led her to send that awesome text...

"Hey, do you think you would like it if I wore a dog collar around my neck while on my knees giving you head? One that had a chain for you to hold?"

Best girlfriend ever, right? I of course told her how much I would enjoy that, almost as much as she would, knowing her new-found thirst to be dominated. We made plans for her visit the following weekend to go shopping to select the collar together, and bring it home for some dirty fun. 

The Big Night

As we prepared to head out to the store, Michele came out of the bedroom looking stunning in a leather skirt, white tank top and leather boots. I noticed that her tank was a bit see-thru, and she was clearly not wearing a bra. She did a quick twirl for me and then wrapped her arms around my neck. She kissed me deeply, snaking her tongue into my mouth, as I grazed her nipple with the back of my hand, causing it to stiffen.

"Do I look okay, Daddy?"

"You look amazing baby."

Another one of Michele's turn-ons was the whole Daddy-Daughter fantasy. We often incorporated that into our phone sex and bedroom playtime. In fact, if she is ever on the verge of cumming but having trouble getting over the hump, all I have to do is say, "cum for daddy", and the change In her body is palpable. Her breathing quickens, her moaning grows louder, and she grinds herself on me extra hard. She always explodes moments later. 

"No bra, I see. Does that mean no panties either?"

"Of course. I know how you like me."

My anticipation for this evening had gotten me worked up already, so I decided to take the edge off. At least my edge. I figured I'd turn up the heat for Michele and leave her near boil. "Bend over the table for me sweetheart. I want to see if you're as ready for tonight as I am." Without a word, Michele turned and grabbed the dining room table, presenting her covered ass to me. I pulled it up over her hips, displaying her juicy ass to me, and confirming that she was indeed without panties. As I rubbed my hand gently over her clean-shaven mound, she moaned and spread her feet apart. I unbuckled my belt and fished my hard cock out of my jeans. Average in size, although Michele has always said that I had the most beautiful cock she has ever seen. Not bothering with foreplay, I spit in my hand, gave myself a couple quick strokes, and plunged myself into her dewy wetness. 

"Uhhhnnn!" she moaned. "Oh, daddy, fuck your baby girl! Give me your cock."

Michele's pussy was addicting. Full pink lips, with so much tasty meat to chew and suck on. Her lips gripped my cock and dragged down my length as I withdrew and thrust again. I can never get enough. And that's what she was counting on, I'm sure, but I was interested in my satisfaction, and keeping her on the edge. A couple more thrusts and I withdrew, leaving her gaping and empty.

"Get on your knees and suck me dry like daddy's good little whore."

Again, not a word. In two seconds she was kneeling and taking me deep into her throat, cleaning her juices off of me. She loves to be a submissive cocksucker more than anything, immediately putting her hands behind her back. I grabbed her hair in both my fists and began to choke her with my throbbing penis. I pushed as hard as I could and she fought her gag reflex. I alternated deep and shallow strokes, feeling myself build to an easy climax. Looking up obediently with watery eyes, Michele braced herself when I squeezed my cock with one fist, held her still with the other, and ejaculated what seemed like a quart of semen in her mouth. Four or five long spurts, the last of which coated her lips. She sucked gently on the tip of my cock until I withdrew, trailing a string of cum from her lips. She opened her mouth to show me the gift I just gave her, smiled lovingly, and swallowed my seed. I zipped up and we both composed ourselves, Michele still randy as hell. 

"Are you ready to get shopping?"

"I sure am. I can't wait to have that collar around my neck so I can do your bidding...although I ALWAYS do your bidding, obviously."

"That's my girl. And you don't have a problem with trying them on in public? People will know you're my obedient whore."

"I'm a little nervous, but excited. Besides, all the other people in the sex shop are probably sex-crazed just like we are." 

"You're probably right."

"Then let's get going before I lose my nerve."

We had decided that the best place to get a sex collar was a nearby adult store. We had been to them before and always had fun. Part of our excitement was that Michele was willing to let me try them on her in the store, out in the open, and maybe walk her around in there a bit. We both like the thought of being exhibitionists to a reasonable degree, and this was going to be one of our first forays into that area. And we figured it would be an accepting environment for it. 

But I had another idea...

On the drive, I absently caressed her bare leg as I drove. She allowed her skirt to slowly inch it's way up her thigh. One of Michele's best features has always been her legs. They have made my mouth water since college. As I caressed her, she reached over and, finding where my cock was starting to thicken in my jeans, slowly traced the head with one finger. 

Now we cooouuuld go to a sex shop to get what we needed, but I decided to try pushing her a bit further. She was clearly aroused already, so I figured she would agree to whatever I asked of her. So, I bypassed the sex shop, pulled into a crowded strip mall, and parked in front of a well-known pet store. I figured, hey, they have collars too, and this will certainly turn the exhibitionism up a notch or two.

"What are we doing he...wait, are you serious?"

"Of course. I think we will get a better quality product here." 

I gave her a smirk that let her know I didn't really care about quality merchandise.

Michele's eyes flashed with panic for a second. She then sat quietly for a few seconds, possibly contemplating going through with this. She straightened her skirt and sat up straight, seemingly having made a decision.

"Daddy, can we go inside and buy your sweet girl a dog collar?"

Fuck I love this woman. 

"Absolutely baby, let's go."

The Pet Store

We did our best to walk casually into the store. I think we were both equal parts nervous and excited. I gave Michele a squeeze on her ass as we passed the registers just to keep her stimulated. I smiled to myself wondering what would be more noticeable; her being overdressed for a pet store, or her obvious lack of a bra, made even more noticeable under the unforgiving lighting in this place. As we turned down the first aisle, I got my answer, as a woman elbowed her boyfriend who had stared at Michele's tits for the entire length of the aisle. 

The store was not busy, yet there were still a handful of customers. We found our section after searching a couple minutes, and got right to work. 

They had a decent selection of collars, in various materials and colors. I decided right off that I wanted something sexy, in leather, with metal studs of some kind, and a shiny metal chain. Michele would later tell me that she felt her pussy juices begin to run down her thighs the second she saw the collar section. 

I picked out a brown leather one, about an inch and a half wide with metal spikes. Without prompting, Michele grabbed her long, blonde hair into a bunch and moved it out of the way to present her neck to me. I leaned in and gave her neck a gentle suck, and then lovingly fastened the collar for her. The collar had a steel loop on the front, so I selected a chain and hooked that up too, then stood back to assess the look. 

My cock started to grow immediately. It was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen. 

"How does it feel little one?"

"Oh, it feels good daddy, but can it get tighter?"

I should mention that Michele also has a choking fetish...

"Of course sweetheart. Here, let me adjust it."

I tightened the collar and I could see her excitement rise a bit as she mildly struggled to get more air. I tugged lightly on the chain. Michele obeyed my silent command and drew nearer to me. 

"Does that feel better, my pet?"

"It feels much better. I feel like you have complete control over me."

I reached out and slid two fingers into her mouth, which she eagerly began to moisten and suck on, no doubt simulating what she would be doing to my cock very shortly. I withdrew them and reached out to pinch her erect nipple, displayed prominently through her flimsy tank top. That was when her knees visibly buckled.

"You know, we would get a better feel of how this will work, and you will also be safer if you were on your knees."

"Kurt, you don't want me on my knees in a dog collar right here, do you?"

We both knew the answer to that question.

"Get on you knees, now. Be daddy's good little whore."

"Yes, daddy. Whatever you say."

Michele immediately dropped to her knees, looking up at me expectantly. Just then an old woman walked by and audibly gasped at the sight of Michele, kneeling and collared. She shot us a disapproving glance, and hurried down the aisle. Michele looked mortified for a moment, but her expression quickly turned to one of satisfaction, knowing how deviant she was being, and that she was getting away with it. 

I turned back to the rack of collars and selected another. No sense hurrying our fun along, and you never want to buy the first one you pick up. It was also brown leather, but with studs instead of spikes. I figured this may be safer for me, seeing as how I planned on having her head in close proximity to my groin for the majority of the evening. 

We were giving this one a test run when I looked up at the sound of a voice behind me.

"The black one would better match her skirt."

I turned to find a woman holding a can of goldfish food and staring down at Michele.

Taken aback, I very smoothly replied, "Um, what?"

"The collars. You should get that one, but in black. It matches better."

Holy shit. Michele and I had planned on shocking some people, and eliciting some stares, but neither of us thought anyone would engage us in conversation during our shenanigans. We both stared at the woman, like deer in headlights. Finally I composed myself enough to respond.

"Thanks, you're absolutely right about that."

The woman looked from Michele to me and continued. 

"You guys going to a bondage party or something?"

"Actually", I replied, "we are just having some fun by ourselves. My name is Kurt, and this is my girlfriend, Michele."

"It's nice to meet you both. I'm Jodi."

Now Jodi was quite a cutie. She seemed to be around our age, very laid back with a disarming smile. She was petite like Michele, with short, brown, tousled hair that looked like she spent either two hours or two minutes on it. She was dressed simply, in short khaki shorts, a blue t-shirt, and sunglasses atop her head that were obviously not covering her bright blue eyes. 

Her pleasant demeanor had almost made me forget that I was holding my girlfriend by a leash. But I snapped to and continued...

"I'm sorry if we offended you with all this."

"Not at all, in fact I'm kind of curious about what's going on. Do you want to be left alone, or may we talk some more?" 

Speaking for both Michele and I, I replied, "Not at all, we are just trying some new things."

I held out my hand and helped Michele to her feet. I like to be dominant, but I am a gentleman in the end. 

"That's awesome. You two must have quite the sex life. I'm jealous."

"Thanks," I said. "We don't see each other very often, so we try as many crazy things while we have the chance."

"And do you enjoy this, Michele?"

That snapped Michele out of her haze. She seemed to just be staring at Jodi, letting me do the talking. 

"A-Actually, this was my idea," she said with an embarrassed smile. 

"That is so cool. You are one lucky man, Kurt, to have a woman who knows what she wants."

"That I am. She really is insatiable sometimes."

That got me a sharp pinch in the back from Michele, as she shyly lowered her eyes. 

"Oh, really? Like how?"

This was getting fun, so I decided to go all in.

"Well, we have experimented with almost everything, and Michele has vowed to never deny me anything I want, and vice-versa. We will try anything. Deep-throating, spanking, anal, toys, phone sex, choking...Michele is up for anything. She even taught herself to squirt."

At this point, Michele was beat red, and I wasn't sure if she would punch me or hike up her skirt and finger herself. I glanced at her and noticed she was staring at Jodi, almost hungrily, like I've never seen from her before. 

"Wow," said Jodi, "that's quite a list. Is there anything you have wanted to try but haven't?"

I decided to go for broke.

"She and I have discussed playing with another woman. We had talked and fantasized about me watching her make love with a woman, perhaps me participating a bit, but fucking is off the table. Michele is so good to me that there is no way I would get greedy."

"Do you like women, Michele?" asked Jodi.

"NO! I mean yes. I mean I don't know, I've never been with one." "I feel the same way. I never have either, but I've thought about it for years."

Now we were at a standstill. There was an uncomfortable silence as we all waited to see what someone else would say next. Jodi was now looking at Michele with the same voracious hunger with which Michele had been eyeing her. Should I go for it? Without consulting Michele? Is this what she wants? Is this what I want? Tonight was about to take a turn that neither of us had anticipated. This could all go terribly wrong, but then again, when would we handed an opportunity like this again? Maybe never. 

Plus, Michele and I had spent lots of time discussing threesomes, and had a lot of great phone sex fantasies, and I knew from our talks, that Jodi was exactly Michele's type. I could also tell by the way she was drooling over her. Maybe it was my growing erection talking, but fuck it, I decided to go for it.

"Jodi, would you like to come home with us?"

Time seemed to stop. I think neither of them could believe I had asked that. I held my breath and waited for Jodi's answer. 

"I would love to. You guys seem great. And to put you both at ease, I am as freaked out as you both look. But I promised myself after my divorce that I was going to experience everything in life and take some chances. I'm not sure what's going to happen tonight, but I know I want to be a part of it. But only if it's cool with both of you. I don't want to mess anything up for you two."

"You're right of course. Would you mind if Michele and I talked it over for a minute?"

"Absolutely. I'll tell you what. I will go pay for my goldfish food, and wait outside for a few minutes. If you come meet me, great. If not, that's okay too."

Jodi began to walk away, but stopped in front of Michele. She leaned in and whispered something in her ear before giving her a soft kiss on the cheek. She rushed away to the register without looking back.

"Well," I said, "what are you feeling right now?"

Gazing down the aisle after Jodi, Michele paused, then looked back to me.

"I'm feeling a few different things. Mostly scared and aroused. Incredibly scared and unbelievably aroused."

"I can guess why you're aroused. She's exactly your type."

"You noticed that too, huh?"

"Yes. Tell me what you are afraid of."

"What if she doesn't like me? What if I'm not good at having sex with a woman? What if you like her more than me? What are the boundaries going to be?"

"Well, here is what I say to all of that: if she didn't like you, she wouldn't have said yes; you're an amazing lover, just do what you like having done to you; and I've loved you with all my heart since I laid eyes on you when I was an 18 year old boy. Nothing and no one will ever change that."

"And as far as the boundaries, you set them right now and I will follow them."

Michele mulled this over for a few seconds before announcing her decision.

"Okay, two rules...don't kiss her, and keep your dick out of her pussy. The rest we will play by ear. But let's get going before she leaves!"

I didn't even have time to respond. We quick-stepped it down the aisle, almost running out the door before remembering that Michele still had a dog collar around her neck that we had yet to purchase. We swung around to the register where a bored college-age kid was slouching against the counter. His jaw dropped when he finally noticed Michele with her collar and chain combo, which trailed down between her on-display tits. 

"We'll take the collar and the chain," I declared.

The kid looked flummoxed as he stared at Michele's studded throat. The clock was ticking and Michele, with out missing a beat, explained, "Rover and I have the same size neck."

That must have satisfied him, because he reached up and scanned both the collar and chain. We finished the transaction and bolted out the door. Waiting for us up against a post was Jodi. 

"I was getting worried. Are we still on?"

This time it was Michele who spoke up. "We still are! Will you ride with us? We are only ten minutes away and we can bring you back later."

I was beginning to understand that Michele was in charge now.

"Sounds good," answered Jodi.

We all walked to our car, butterflies racing in all of our stomachs. "Where should I sit?" Jodi asked.

"Why don't the two of you sit in the back? You can get to know each other a bit."

The two women looked at each other shyly, but that shy look turned quickly to lust. In they hopped and off we went. It was silent in the back seat when we approached the first intersection, so I started the conversation.

"Where are you from, Jodi?"

I received no answer, so I glanced in the rearview mirror. My cock instantly tented in my pants when I saw Michele and Jodi gently kissing. Slowly at first, as if trying to get the feel of each other, to fully take in their first experience of kissing another woman. Michele ran her hand up and down Jodi's arm while Jodi ran her fingers through Michele's long golden hair. 

Their lips dispelled apart for a moment as Jodi looked down at Michele's breasts. She hesitantly reached out and cupped her right breast, gently caressing the nipple with her thumb. Michele sighed in appreciation.
