 The first 5 chapters were under the loving wives section but this has just become pure sex between Michelle and her two friends Caitlyn and Rick, while her family are away.

Michelle has been planning this dinner all week and finally Friday has arrived. Enjoy.

*****

Friday

It had just gone 6 pm, time to get the Lasagne into the oven, the white wine chilled, beers in the bar fridge and the dinner table set. Hmm what next, Ohh music...and candles downstairs around the Jacuzzi.

Ohh I am excited, I am horny, slow down Michelle there's plenty of time and all night, pour yourself a drink, there was lots of internal chatting going through my mind, relax.

I do pour myself a wine and decide it's time for Sophia, the French maid to get dressed and layout the outfits for the Mistress of the house and her lady friend. I roll up my black stockings to my mid thighs and put on a G String that wouldn't give away my hairless pussy too soon. 

Next on goes the dress, the shoes, and finally the apron and the lace headband.

I checked myself out in the mirror, first the front looks great, the tops of the stockings are just showing some flesh under the hem of the dress, I lift the front of the dress and see that the G String doesn't reveal everything, Perfect. I turn around and lift my dress again, and my two white buttocks are clearly on display, hmmm nice, I think to myself, gloating a little, but excited that soon I am sure I will feel hands roaming over them, Hmmm.

Time to go and get the Horderves on to a plate & pop the Champagne, Ohh shit nearly forgot the baby oil, so I get some from the bathroom and put it in a draw in the lounge. Ok, Michelle go and sit down, sip your wine and relax, and enjoy.

Finally the doorbell rings, Okay Sophia, you are on, go get them, girl. I go and get the plate with two glasses of champagne and open the front door, phew, thank god it was them!!

"Good evening, Maam, Good evening, Sir, my name is Sophia, and I am your waitress tonight."

"Oh la la" whistles Rick.

"Oh, la la" giggles Caitlyn "Sophia, you look hot" as they both step in taking a drink off the plate as I close the door.

"Please make your way down to the bar, the Mistress of the house will be with you soon," and I go to the kitchen and pick up the Horderves and head for the bar.

"Would Sir like a Horderve? "

"Why thank you, Sophia, may I," and his hand slips under my dress and touches my arse and rubs both of my cheeks.

"And for you Maam, Horderves?"

"Can I kiss you, Sophia? You look hot."

"Yes Maam," I lean forward, and Caitlyn takes the plate off me and places it on the bar. She turns her attention back to my face and our lips touch then she kisses me deeper, I return the passion. In the meantime Rick is still caressing my arse; yes my state of arousal was right I am feeling horny.

"Thank you, Sophia," stated Caitlyn "Will you join us for a drink until the Mistress joins us?"

"I will Maam, thank you Maam," and pick up my wine glass and look shyly at my two guests as I take a drink.

"Sophia, can I kiss you," inquired Rick.

"I am here at the Mistress's request to serve you, Sir; you can do with me as you want."

He pulls me into his body, and his hands slide up my body up past my neck then cups the back of my head and pulls me into his mouth. One hand slides back down my back, and I feel my dress getting lifted as he digs his hands into my cheek and squeezes, as our tongues start exploring each other.

I feel another pair of hands running up the back of my leg, and my skirt is pulled higher as Caitlyn also plays with my arse, but I also feel one of her hands slide along my g-string as it disappears into my slit. My hand slides down over Rick's pant, and I can feel his hard cock locked away. I would have liked to sink to my knees to free it and play with it, but my arse and pussy were enjoying the attention too much from my guests that all I could do was moan with pleasure into Rick's mouth as my tongue slid in and out of his mouth.

My hand did manage to unbutton his fly, and I reached in and slipped his cock out and started to slide my hand up and down it lightly and then gripping it tightly, so his foreskin slides along his shaft, forcing him to moan into my mouth. I moved my body so that Caitlyn could see what was going on around the front of me and she cottoned on pretty quick as one of her hands moved from my arse to his cock, and we both stroked it while both of them were still touching me on my arse and my pussy.

Caitlyn dropped to her knees and started to lick his now rock hard cock that was starting to leak, I removed my hand from Rick's cock and placed it on Caitlyn's head lightly playing with her hair. "Sophia, would you like to lick this cock with me."

"Oh yes Maam, but it looks very big, and it feels very hard, I might not be able to please the Sir."

"I will teach you Sophia, come drop to your knees. Watch closely as I lick it from the bottom of the shaft up the side and now up the front, now I will hold it by the base, and I will take it into my mouth suck its tip and slide my mouth down it a bit more, then suck on it again, watch me do it. 

Now...Hmmm, that feels good. Ok Sophia your turn, ...that's it slide your tongue up the side... now up the underside... Ohh you are doing fine... look at all the precum leaking out his tip... yep that's it put his tip into your mouth and suck... now slid ... and suck some more. Let me undo his pants properly so we can play with his balls... Yes keep sucking Sophia... that is good... and I will squeeze his balls."

"How is Sophia doing Rick", Caitlyn inquired.

"Oooh, just fine... just fine, hmmm."

"Sophia, let me lick this big cock with you... yea, let's slide our tongues up together."

We licked and sucked Rick's cock while taking turns playing with his balls, but if we felt his excitement mounting, we backed off as we wanted to save his orgasm for later.

"Oh yes Mistress I am downstairs... Yes Mistress I will come up and serve the dinner... Coming Mistress," I called back to the Mistress and adjusted my outfit.

"Excuse Maam & Sir, the Mistress, wants me to serve your dinner, please come upstairs shortly."

"Thank you, Sophia" added Rick "we will be there in a minute", as Caitlyn buried Rick's cock into her mouth.

"Don't let him cum" I whispered into her ear.

I leave them to it, and go upstairs and put the dinner out on the table, then hurry up to the bedroom and change into my white corset outfit making sure I have a G string on as well. I hear the other two going up the stairs and heading for the dining room, quick check in the mirror, adjust the half cup bras to make sure my breasts are nicely exposed and all the garters are locked on to my stockings, I look hot or is that just because I feel extremely randy, time to make my entrance.

They were at the servery putting their food on their plates when I stepped into the dining room, I stood there with my legs parted and my hands on my hips," Sorry I am late guys, I hope that Sophia looked after you!!" The look on Rick's face was priceless when he turned to look at me. Caitlyn gave me a sexy smile and pouted her lips and blew me a kiss.

"Oh, wow, look at you. How am I going to eat my dinner with you in the room" Rick uttered? "Can I touch you?"

"Well, maybe just a little bit, if you promise to eat all your dinner... and the G-string stays in place, that can come off later." 

He came over and knelt in front of me, he lifted my left foot and held my high heeled shoe and ran his right hand up my calf, then placing my foot down, both his hands ran lightly up my thigh to the top of my leg where they hesitated. He then moved to my right leg, and his hands ran up that leg, caressing my skin under the stocking as he did so. His touch was sensual, Caitlyn who was watching from the servery moved over and put her hands lightly on Rick's head and pulled it into her groin. 

He turned me around and ran his hands up the back of my legs, pinging the garter belts with his mouth then sliding his hands up and over my arse cheeks giving them a gentle slap then a firmer one, before squeezing them tightly with his fingers, "will you lean over for me Michelle?"

I leaned forward over the back of a chair and felt his face bury itself between my cheeks as his tongue searched for my rosebud which he flicked as his hands started to roam between my legs, and my pussy juices began to run. After a few minutes of making my pussy ache, Rick stood up and ran his hands up and down my corset.

Caitlyn came around to the front of me and started playing with my nipples with her fingers. Rick soon joined in, and his hands came around my body as he held my breasts while Caitlyn continued to squeeze and rub my nipples, I was craving for my clit to get in on the action, so I slipped my hand under my G-string and began to rub gently.

Caitlyn could see what was happening below, so with a smile, she moved in with her mouth and began to suck and bite each nipple in turns while Rick held my breasts for Caitlyn to play with. I knew I was now past the point of no return as I increased the pace of my fingers and leaned back into Rick with Caitlyn squeezing my nipples as my first orgasm of the day ripped through me, "Oh fuck... Oh, Fuck... I love what you two do to me... I'm cuming...Aghhh.

Rick held me tight and I could feel his hard cock pressed into my arse, while Caitlyn slowly and softly continued to kiss my boobs. "You are so hot girl, are you sure you want to have dinner now," Rick remarked.

"Yes, I am" came my reply "I don't want to send you home hungry, and you need your sustenance, could be a long night," as I kissed him on his cheek and told him to sit down at the dinner table.

They both took their place at the table, and I picked up the bottle of wine and went around to fill their glasses, First Rick's and as I poured his hands ran up my thigh then to my breasts pulling them into his face so he could kiss my nipples. I pulled back and moved around to Caitlyn who slid her hand up my thigh, and her fingers slipped into my pussy, as I moved away she took them to her lips and sucked on them with a wicked smile on her face.

I sat at the head of the table pushed my breasts out so that my nipples were pointing proud and raised a glass with a toast, "to the three of us and the wildest horniest week I had ever had, and tonight is my fantasy night so please indulge with me and enjoy it, I know I will!!."

We told jokes and laughed, remembered crazy stories and laughed, made more toasts and drank and laughed again. "Anyone for some dessert" I finally asked after our plates had been empty for a while.

"Yes, please," replied Caitlyn.

"No thanks Girl I'm pretty full" conceded Rick.

"Well, we girls have gone to a lot of trouble to create a special dish, are you sure you don't want some?" I giggled.

"Agh Ok, bring it on. I will do my best." He laughed.

"Come on girlfriend, let's bring the desert to the table, Rick fill your glass, put some more music on and stay here" Caitlyn instructed. We hurried up to the bedroom, and I helped Caitlyn strip out of her clothes.

"No panties, as usual, I see" as I ran my hands up her thigh and slowly slid my fingers along her slit and up over her clit before kissing her. Breaking our kiss I picked up her blue corset and helped place it around her midriff, she adjusted her breasts so that they were naked and proud like mine.

She peeled on her stockings, and we both clipped on the garters fitted her high heel shoes and stood in front of the full-length mirror to check us out. 

"Something's wrong; you have less on than what I have," I said, Caitlyn looked puzzled; I reached down and pulled my G-string down my leg and threw it into the corner. "Much better; don't you think?"

"For sure" and Caitlyn ran her hand around my arse and squeezed. I replied with a return squeeze.

"Come on, let's not keep our Prince waiting any longer" as I took her hand and we walked down the hallway and into the dining room together.

"Wow... wow...wow... are you wanting me to cum in my pants?" he blurted "look at your shaved pussies!!,. Hmm, can I touch?"

"Well, this is your desert you horny man, How would you like it served?"

"Let me inspect the dishes a bit closer," and he stepped towards us.

"Stop where you are mister," commanded Caitlyn "Let's see your utensils first, Get naked now." Within seconds Rick was naked, his clothes kicked into the corner, and a very hard cock was pointing at us. We both stepped either side of him and started stroking it, "Feels just right to stir things up a bit, what do you think Soul Girlfriend."

"Wouldn't mind it sliding into my dish," I sighed.

"Why don't you girls sit up here on the table and I will start tasting the dish." Rick helped to lift us on to the dining table, he removed our shoes and I watched as his face disappeared between Caitlyn's thighs and he began to lick and suck her pussy at the same time his hand found my pussy and he began to stroke my lips and clit. I leaned my face over and took her nipple into my mouth and sucked and bit with my top lip and tongue clamping it hard. 

Now and then I would move my head so I could watch Rick's tongue licking, then pushing into her entrance, this was starting to drive her wild, and she begged Rick to suck her clit.

I doubled down on her nipple while Rick sucked hard on her clit, which finally had her convulsing as she came, squeezing her thighs around his head and locking him in with her stocking feet around his back.

Rick Picks up the Story.

I heard the two girls walking back down the hallway as I sat at the table with my drink. I looked up as they entered the room. I felt myself gasp and my cock instantly respond to what my eyes have just seen, two gorgeous sexy women in corsets and stockings with their naked breasts and hard nipples pointing straight at me. They both put their hands on their hips to expose their stunning bodies. "Is this what you would like for dessert?" Michelle asked as I stood up and faced them.

My heart was in my throat. The sight of these women's perfect bodies exceeded even my wildest imagination. But my eyes quickly moved down to zero in on the ultimate prize and what I saw caused electric shockwaves to go through my entire body. Their pussies are completely shaved, the most erotic sight I had ever seen. I thought I was going to cum in my pants, and I told them so, as I stepped forward Caitlyn told me to stop and get naked. I didn't need to be told twice, and as I kicked the last of my clothes into the corner, they came and stood next to me both stroking my cock that was twitching with excitement at each touch.

"Do you have any idea how badly I want to eat you and fuck you both?" I asked.

"Yes, I think we do," they said. 

I lifted them both up onto the table and taking each foot I removed the shoe that was attached to it, running my hands over their stocking feet and up their legs. I went to my knees in front of Caitlyn, reached around to grip her arse and pull her close to the edge of the table, and then buried my face into her bald pussy. She gasped as my tongue found the hot insides of her pulsating box. 

At the same time, I reached up with my left hand and found Michelle's pussy running my fingers up her lips and over her clit feeling how smooth it was at the same time my tongue was doing the same to Caitlyn.

"Don't you like how it feels?" Michelle asked.

"Yeah, it is really smooth."Pulling my mouth away to answer," I love how it feels." 

By this point, I had let my middle finger slip in between Michelle's pussy lips and was rubbing her clit. I could feel her pussy getting warmer as the pussy juices were starting to flow. I slid my finger into her cunt to get it nice and wet and went back to circling her clit. She moaned as my wet finger easily slid over her clit. 

Caitlyn used both hands to play with my hair while I ate, licked and sucked her pussy. Moaning and groaning, she gyrated her hips up and down as I fucked her with my tongue. She then wrapped her beautiful thighs around my head, squeezed them together and came violently, emptying her juices all over me.

I was in heaven knowing I had another pussy on the end of my fingers that wanted the same treatment from my mouth, as I continued furiously licking and sucking this woman's pussy as she moaned and groaned with pleasure.

I rose up from my knees with my fingers still playing with Michelle; her pussy lips had spread apart like a flower opening to the warmth of the sun. I slid one, then two fingers into her hot cunt. She was so wet from my thumb, caressing her clit that her juices started flowing down my hand, my cock twitching with the rhythm of my quickening heartbeat.

I pulled Michelle close to the edge of the table; she was supporting herself on her elbows, watching my hand giving her pleasure. By now Caitlyn had aroused herself and leaned over and took Michelle's nipple in her mouth, I sank to my knees between her thighs, and with her feet on my shoulders, positioned herself so that I was staring straight into the glorious fleshy folds of her glistening slit.

I began slowly licking each side of her smooth pussy, and then with my nose, I nuzzled up between the lips of her pussy. Her pussy lips smacked as they came apart, her juices trailing between the two. I started with my tongue at the opening of her hot pussy and licked up to where her clit was hiding under folds of moist flesh. After a little teasing of the flesh with my tongue, I found the tiny nub. Michelle's whole body tensed up as I gently tongued her clit.

I hadn't forgotten about Caitlyn, and I could hear her sucking on Michelle's nipple, I let my right hand wander up her thigh and soon had two fingers buried deep in her pussy, and she was moving her hips to the rhythm of my strokes in complete ecstasy.

I continued to flip Michelle's clit with my tongue; the moans grew louder as she came closer to climax. I thrust my fingers into her cunt while circling her clit with my tongue. "Ohh fuck...Ohh fuuck...she cried. The walls of her pussy immediately tightened around my fingers, and she pushed my head away. "Too much...it's too much." Michelle could barely speak as she pulled my head back into her wetness.

My tongue was lashing all over her pussy while Caitlyn tweaked and bit her nipple. Eventually, things became much more sensual as the mood turned more from a rough game to erotic pleasure. Soon Michelle was spasming in orgasm.

"Let's see if she can take another one," Caitlyn suggested still licking her nipple. "Why don't you put your cock into her?"

I rose up, and she knew I was ready to fuck her. She spread her legs, and I marvelled at how erotic that sight was. Can you imagine two beautiful, sex goddesses lying with their legs spread apart on a dining table, just waiting on you to fuck their shaved pussy? It was quite a moment.

"Rick, you have to stay in control, you can't come yet," Michelle pleaded. We have a special treat for you that we want you to save yourself for, we promise you it will be magic."

"Ok just long and slow then," I murmured as my hard cock slid easily into Michelle and we began to find a slow rhythm, I pulled my cock out and asked Caitlyn to feed it back in. I pushed the length of my glistening cock up into her warm and welcoming pussy and held it there before sliding it out again for Caitlyn to stroke, before feeding it back in again and holding it in deep while Michelle slowly rocked on it. "This feels so good... so soo good," I moaned, but knew I would explode if Caitlyn continued to rub my cock with her hand each time.

Caitlyn had positioned herself to have one hand down stroking my cock and her lips still sucking and biting Michelle's nipple, I asked her to rest back on her elbows as I wanted to watch them both while I fucked them. I moved my hand back up to her pussy and slipped two fingers back inside her with my thumb on her clit, her pussy was hot, and I twirled my fingers as deep as I could, at the same time watching with amazement as their beautiful hard nipples danced before me.
