 This story is set sixteen years ago before I was married. I was living on the south coast (of England) and had moved in with a boyfriend. Looking back it wasn't a case of 'being in love', more like 'being in lust'.

I thought Robin was beautiful! He had the most perfect muscular body and wonderful facial features. It was a pleasure just to look at him, especially when having sex. And we had a lot of sex! Robin had a sexual appetite that matched my own, so there wasn't much that we didn't try - every position, everywhere. 

But as the months passed and, as we'd tried it all, it was difficult to see where we were heading. I suppose this was about the time I realised that he was a good shag but not so hot intellectually - and sometimes, it's nice to talk as well.

His apartment was part of a converted old house. The living room was at the centre with all of the other rooms leading off. There were two bedrooms, a bathroom and a kitchen. You'll see why I have mentioned this later in the story.

One day Robin told me that two of his home town friends were coming to stay for four nights. This sounded okay to me. I thought it would be nice for Robin to catch up on all of the news and gossip.

His two friends arrived on a Wednesday evening. They were also two good looking guys full of chat and laughter. I stayed up with them until about midnight and then went to bed. I was sure there were things they wanted to talk about without me present.

I went to the bathroom and then to bed. I slipped, as usual, naked into bed and fell asleep. After, I don't know how long, I sensed a noise and opened my eyes blearily. The bedroom door was open and the three guys were looking in at me.

The bed covers were around my waist so my breasts were exposed. I heard a giggle and one of them said, "Great tits."

I was soon sleeping again and the next morning I wondered if I had been dreaming about what had happened. 

"Wishful thinking," I laughed to myself, "I've never fucked three guys."

On the Thursday I got home in the evening and 'my' three men were sitting on the settee watching a porn movie and making the appropriate comments about the sluts performing. They wanted me to watch as well but I said I would get some food for us all instead.

They were quite hyped up as we ate and the three of them decided to go to the local pub. I wasn't invited. At about eleven o'clock I went to bed, with the door shut! 

I was quite drowsy when Robin slid into bed next to me and straight away started feeling my tits. I could feel his erection solid on my skin. I was quite happy to fuck, and moved my head down to suck on his cock first.

I noticed the door was open again, but presumed his two friends had also gone to bed.

I kicked the covers off completely and got into a doggie position and felt Robin's penis against my pussy entrance. He pushed right into me and I gasped with pleasure, we were certainly good together. He started to fuck me quite hard and I opened my eyes and saw shadows in the living room.

"Strewth," I thought to myself, "They can hear us and most likely see us slightly as well."

For some reason this turned me on even more and I straightaway orgasmed while Robin was still pounding into me. His balls and tummy were slapping against my bottom noisily and I groaned out as I felt Robin start to cum. His hot spunk ejaculated deep inside my cunt.

I was still turned on and, as he pulled out of me, I massaged my swollen clitoris and brought myself to another noisy orgasm.

"Who's a greedy girl then?" Robin said quite loudly and I felt sure I heard a suppressed laugh from the living room.

I didn't see the two guys, John and Stuart, again until Friday evening when I got home from work. Again, along with Robin, they were watching a porn video. On the screen several men were fucking one girl and I felt quite sexed up at the thought. 

I sat down and watched the end of the movie with the guys. Afterwards I felt very horny.

Robin said we were all going to a club that evening as it was Friday. I started deciding what to wear. It was, however, decided for me.

"Wear the red dress with the thin straps," instructed Robin.

"I'm not sure, it's a bit too revealing. I only wear it when there's just the two of us."

"Wear it, and no bra," was all he said and walked away. I was a bit surprised by his gruffness. 

The dress. Well it was nearly a dress! It had a very low scooped top with thin spaghetti straps and was mid thigh length. The material was thin and clingy. As I put it on it clung to my body shape and my nipples showed through and my tits moved and bounced as I walked. I was showing a lot of cleavage. All I had underneath was a silky g-string that barely covered my pubic mound. Talk about sex on legs - I would have fucked myself if I'd have had the time!

When John and Stuart finally saw me their eyes were on stalks and my nipples tightened even more. 

"God, it's good to be looked at and desired," I thought.

"You look great," said Robin.

"So do you," and I gave him a hug while trying to stop one of the straps from my dress from slipping off my shoulder.

We had a taxi to the club and were soon knocking back the drinks. I think I was on Bacardi and Coke, but they seemed stronger than usual.

"Drink up," the boys kept saying.

The night progressed and we were all getting a bit silly and my head was spinning. Robin and I had a dance and then he told me to dance with the guys.

John pulled me onto the dance floor and held me very tight as a slow number was played. My tits were pressed against his chest and his groin kept pushing into me. I realised he was getting a hard-on. I tried to pull back a little but I knew I was getting very aroused.

The song finished and it was Stuart's turn to maul me, which he did. His hands kept straying to my bottom and squeezing my buttocks. Once more I could feel an erection forming. 

I was getting hotter and hotter so they got me another drink. Goodness knows what it was but I felt energised and my mind cleared, though my body was very wobbly and uncertain.

At about two o'clock we decided, or rather they decided, that we would go home. The next thing I knew was that I was in a taxi between John and Stuart, my dress showing off my thighs and my straps off my shoulders. I did my best to make myself a bit more respectable, though I was finding it very stimulating being close to three men while wearing very little.

We got home and I slumped into a chair while the three men got more drinks and put some music on.

I was feeling quite clear headed for some reason, though my body was still a little out of control.

"Let's have another dance," said Robin and pulled me up with one hand and pushed me towards John. I had to hang round his neck for support and he seemed to quite like this as my breasts pushed into him. I was feeling strange but knew what was happening.

"I know let's have some photos as a souvenir of the good night we've had," Robin suggested.

He got his camera and said we'd have a few of me first for John and Stuart to remember me by. I sat on the arm of a chair and the straps of my dress were once more off my shoulders.

"Leave them like that," Robin said and he clicked away with his camera.

"What about some more cleavage?" Stuart laughed.

"Okay," said Robin. He came up to me and pulled downward on my straps. I watched as the dress settled on my hard nipples and then with another tug my tits were free.

"Fucking lovely," Stuart mumbled as Robin took another photo. The odd thing was that I was enjoying the attention and loved them looking at my breasts.

Robin came over to me again and pulled the straps right down and I unhooked them from my arms. I was now naked to the waist. 

"Why don't we take the dress off?"

I somehow stood up and the dress dropped to the floor. All that remained was my very damp g-string.

"Jesus, you were right," said John, "She's a sexy slut alright."

Robin took more photos as I held and squeezed my tits together like some porn star. My nipples were sticking out like rubber pipes - they so needed to be sucked.

"Have her sitting on the table," someone said. 

I was almost lifted to a sitting position on the table. I leant back slightly on my arms, my tits pushed out and my legs slightly apart.

"What a fucking slut."

I loved being called that. 

"Spread your legs," instructed Robin. So I did. My pussy was almost throbbing under my tiny g-string.

"You don't really need this on do you?" 

Robin didn't wait for an answer and took the sides of my g-string and pulled them down. I lifted my bottom so that he could remove my g-string entirely. I then realised that all I had on were my high heels.

The three guys were standing close looking at my cunt, so I spread my legs even more so they could see how wet I was. I touched myself and moaned as a sexy sensation shot through my hot body.

"Who's first?"

"Oh my God," I realised, "They are all going to fuck me."

Stuart had his cock in his hand and I could see the pre-cum glistening on the head. It was rock hard and sticking out. He moved towards me while I stayed sitting on the table. He stood between my open legs and bent his penis downwards towards my pussy. I felt I should say, no, but I didn't.

"Push it in."

I was so wet and slippery that as the head of his cock pushed at my vaginal opening there was no resistance. He kept pressing inwards until he was in up to the hilt. I wrapped my legs around his buttocks and he started to fuck me.

"Just come in me, I'm on the Pill. Fuck me hard."

He didn't last long and soon his cock was pumping into me as I orgasmed as well.

I now just wanted sex. All of whatever inhibitions I still had had disappeared.

"Now you John, come on."

I almost pushed Stuart out of the way. John's cock was bigger, much to my delight, and as he came to me it bounced against his tummy. I spread my legs and pulled open my cunt lips.

"Fill me up. Get that cock in my cunt."

He thrust into me hard and I took it all panting and moaning as he did so. He gave me his full length over and over, pulling almost out before plunging in deep again. I was in heaven and then I could feel his cock swell as he was about to cum. I wanted to feel the spurts deep inside but he pulled out and shot over my cunt and tummy instead. His thick cream stuck to my skin and slowly moved downwards making a glorious mess. I put my fingers into it and scooped up what I could to taste.

I was still on fire.

"Robin, now you please."

"No", he answered, "Get cleaned up in the bathroom and then we'll all go in the bedroom."

Like a zombie I did what he said and tottered in my high heels to the bathroom. Once inside I washed myself as good as I was capable and wondered what would happen next. Could I really take being fucked all night by three healthy young men? I was a little unsure but when I touched my nipples and clit I knew I wanted to at least try. "Fuck,! You're a slut," I told myself.

Cleaned and refreshed, still in my high heels, I made my way to the bedroom where three nude men were waiting. I stood looking at them.

"Come here and lie down."

They had obviously decided what was going to happen.

John lay next to me and was pumping his cock with his hand making it erect and hard. 

"Now sit on him. Get his cock in your cunt and then be still."

I rolled over, struggled to a kneeling position and held John's penis while I lowered myself onto him. I was still well lubricated and once he was fully inside my pussy I sat still and enjoyed the fullness. My clit was rubbing into his pubic hair and I knew I'd cum quickly.

"Now lean forward."

Naively I did so and felt a hand on my anus. A finger was pushing into my bottom. 

"Oh God no, not that."

"It's okay I've lubricated you," said Robin.

I couldn't run away so I lay still while Stuart pushed his cock against my rosebud. At first it hurt but, as I relaxed my anal muscles, I felt his cock enter me and it felt okay - not wonderful but acceptable.

I gasped as Stuart finally pushed fully into me and I lay sort of slumped forward over John's chest. There I was completely filled, my cunt and back passage throbbing very gently as the three of us lay still. I felt sure the two guys could feel each others cocks through the thin layer of flesh separating them. I'd always wondered how this would feel and now I knew.

Robin wasn't finished with me though. He came over to me and told me to suck on his cock. I moved my head slightly and turned to meet his erection. It was dark red, the veins standing out and pre-cum was running out of his small slit. His penis looked almost frightening but somehow I opened my mouth and felt the taste of his juices on my tongue.

"Don't move guys," Robin ordered, "I want to cum in her mouth first and then you can fuck her however you want."

I started breathing heavy, my heart pounding. I knew I was being used like some whore but I started to slurp on the cock in my mouth, while my cunt felt like it was on fire.

Robin fucked my mouth, his penis almost choking me. My saliva was running down my chin as I tried to take as much of him as possible. And then he came. Great floods of spunk pumped onto my tongue and hit the back of my throat. I gagged and grunted as Robin released his full load. I did my best to swallow but there was too much and cream oozed and frothed out of my mouth. As it did so I felt tears also running down my cheeks. Finally Robin was finished with me and wiped his cock in my hair. For some reason he seemed determined to humiliate and degrade me.

As he moved away the cocks started to move in my cunt and arse. It was like nothing I had experienced before. I felt I would split apart as they pushed in and out of me in unison. And then my body took over. Like some rag doll being shaken, my upper body flopped about, my tits bouncing up and down and then I knew I was about to orgasm. I felt scared by the uncontrollable pulsations deep in my vagina. 

"No, no," I cried, tears still pouring down my face, "Oh fuck … Oh God … No, no, no … no more …" 

And then my body shook with an almighty orgasm as I felt John shooting his load into my cunt followed by spurts deep in my bottom. My whole body was reacting by itself and I felt the heat burning inside me, my juices flooding from me like some raging torrent. All of me was running with spunk, tears, sweat, saliva and my female musky juices. I felt that even my nipples were leaking, but that was probably only my imagination.

"What a fucking slut she is."

The cocks were pulled out of me and I rolled over onto the mattress curling up like a baby. Then I must have fallen asleep.

In the morning I awoke and was thrusting my tits upwards. I opened my eyes and saw that John and Stuart were each sucking on one of my nipples. Robin was sitting naked on a chair by the wall.

"Good, she's awake at last."

Before I knew what was happening Stuart was on top of me, pushing my legs apart and was fucking me. Though half asleep my body responded and I was wrapping my legs around his waist. I shuddered to a climax and Stuart came inside me. He rolled off and John climbed on, his cock solid and he thrust into me while biting and sucking on my tits. He fucked me hard and pulled out when he ejaculated and pumped his jism over my tummy.

John removed himself and Robin walked over to me, penis in hand and sprayed his cum over my chest and face.

He then looked at me, "We're going out soon, we'll be back at about six this evening. Have something ready for our dinner."

The three of them left the room laughing and joking and I listened as they went to the bathroom and got dressed.

"We're off," was the shout and the door to the apartment slammed shut.

I lay still to make sure they had gone and struggled to my feet. Once in the bathroom I looked at myself, shocked at how I looked. 

I started to cry.

I showered and saw my swollen cunt lips and the bruises and scratches on my tits. I didn't hesitate in what to do next. I dressed, packed two suitcases, with as much of my belongings as possible, and made my way to the station. I caught a train to London and then a taxi to my parents house.

I didn't tell mum and dad what had happened, just that I had decided to return home for a while.

The rest is history. I went into my father's business, built up one side of his trade and turned this into a separate, successful company. I became a respected business woman.

The strange thing is, the night I first returned home I went to bed early but couldn't sleep. All that had happened kept going over and over in my head but, instead of being disgusted with myself, I was getting turned on. I was soon finger fucking myself to a huge orgasm. 

And that has been the story since. I'm now a respectable, married businesswomen but at times I have to let go and become a filthy slut or an exhibitionist - or perhaps I've simply got a good sexual appetite!