 I had been sitting in class all day. As usual it was about as boring as a college class could get. I had spent most of the class period thinking about my fiancé spreading my legs and licking my pussy from my clit to my asshole. That thought alone had been getting me through the day.

It probably wasn't the best thing to be thinking about since I spent the whole time horny as hell, wondering why all the guys (and girls) were looking hotter than normal.

When I got up to leave the classroom, I was surprised that I hadn't left a wet spot on my chair. My panties were definitely wet and I was only wearing a skirt. I left the building, planning to go home and masturbate until my fiancé found me and satisfied my lust. 

However, my Palm Pilot had other plans for me. It started to beep. I opened it to see what could possibly be more important than a good orgasm. I realized I had an appointment with my Spanish professor, Mrs. Stephanie Lucita. I swore to myself about bad timing and high tailed it over to her office. 

When I got to her office, I knocked on the door and there was no answer. I waited a couple seconds, then, as I was about to knock again, I heard her say "STOP" in a low pained voice. I opened the door only to realize that she wasn't in pain, she had said "Don't Stop" in pleasure.

My prof, Stephanie was laid out over her desk with another prof's dick embedded firmly in her asshole. I closed the door behind me, quietly since they hadn't seen me yet. The man lifted Stephanie up with his cock still deep in her ass. Her legs were spread and her pussy was splayed out in front of her. He slid her up and down his shaft.

It was more than I could handle. I was already about as horny as one person could get. I got down on my knees and started to slowly lick Stephanie's pussy. Her eyes, closed tightly in passion, shot open and she looked down. I looked up at her and smiled, then continued to lick her pussy and wrapped my hands around the huge dick in front of me.

Stephanie started cry out then realized that she couldn't and bit back the howls of pleasure. Instead, she let out low inaudible groans that made my head swim. She brought her legs down around my head, onto my shoulders. She held me tight as I slipped my tongue in and out of her already over used pussy. I could feel the dick plunging in and out of her asshole through her pussy against my tongue. I wanted that enormous cock inside of me.

I used my free hand to slide my panties to the side and start fingering my extremely wet cunt. I slid one finger in and then another, working myself up to the orgasm that I had been wanting to have all day.

Just then, I felt Stephanie's body start to lower. I looked up to find that I was being pushed down on my back with Stephanie's pussy still over my mouth. I hit the floor soundly and she ground her pussy into my face. I did know what was going on until I felt my parties being pulled down and a tongue slide into my ready and willing twat. The prof, who I didn't recognize, was stroking my pussy up and down with his tongue. He was well skilled in the art of pussy licking, cause it wasn't long before I was screaming muted cries of pleasure into Stephanie's pussy.

At that point, he pulled away and slipped his cock deep into my pussy. I cried out even more as he spread my pussy wide open. Stephanie ground hard against me then said, "Quiet, Michelle. I am going to move a little." She lifted her pussy off my face and turned around, squatting back down on my face the other way. I really didn't know why she did this until I felt her tongue come into contact with my clit. The feeling of her tongue and his cock was too much for me. I started cumming and didn't stop until long after he pulled his cock out of me and shot his load all over Stephanie's face and tits. 

She moved off my face and slid her body down mine. She started kissing me and sharing his cum. I licked it off her face and tits while continuing to cum.

After a few minutes of calming down, the silence was finally broken. "Thanks. My name is Jon."

I smiled at him, "I'm Michelle. Thank You."

Stephanie smiled. "Well, that was fun. We will have to repeat this performance again someday.

I got up and got dressed occasionally stopping to lick some more cum off of Stephanie. Jon got dressed and left before I was done. Stephanie, smiled at me asking, "So, why did you come here?"

"We had an appointment at 2:30."

"Oh shit, obviously I forgot." She made no attempt to get up or get dressed; she just lay there on the floor, her dark, Hispanic body beautiful in the sun streaming from the window. I was moved by how lithe and supple her body was. It was poetry to look at.

"So I guess we will have to reschedule this appointment for later." I walked over to her, kneeled down and kissed her deeply on the lips. As I tried to move away she caught my blonde hair in her hand and pulled me back down. I never thought I would like having my hair pulled, but I got turned on again like there was no tomorrow.

She pulled me into herself and continued kissing me deeply. I kissed back feeling the passion in her kiss. Her hand slid up my blouse and started playing with my breasts. I pulled my mouth away from hers and looked at her.

"We shouldn't be doing this. I need to get going."

"Oh, stop acting like this isn't something that you want." She kept massaging my tit. It felt so good.

"This is the first time I have ever been with anyone other than my fiancé Gabe. I don't know what came over me, but I never want to hurt him." I let out a little groan.

"Don't worry, if he knew about this he would be happy and want to join in." She slid her other hand down my body.

"Do you know Gabe?"

"No, but I know men." Her hand slid into my still wet pussy. I couldn't think anymore. I started cumming at just this. I bit my lip as she started moving her finger in and out of my pussy, deeper each time. She slid another finger into my pussy and slowly pushed me onto the floor moving her body on top of mine. Her mouth moved down her hands and she licked at the flesh around her fingers, making me cum even harder. I had to put my hands over my mouth to keep from screaming in passion.

She stopped all of a sudden, then laid back and started playing with herself. She rubbed at her clit and twisted it in her fingers. She did this as I lay twitching on the floor next to her. When my orgasm had subsided I rolled over and started licking at her pussy again. Her pussy, like mine, was completely bald and smooth. I finally understood why my fiancé liked it that way. 

I slid my tongue up and down her cunt. From clit to asshole, just the way I had wanted it. Her asshole was still open from the fucking she had gotten earlier. I stuck my tongue in and slid two fingers into her cunt. She went crazy, her whole body stared twitching and she was breathing so heavy that she could barely get a full breath in before she started on the next one. Her pussy gripped at my figures as she came. 

All of a sudden she stopped twitching and just lay there, motionless. I thought I had killed her. Her eyes were closed and I found a pulse. I had heard of orgasms so big that they made people pass out, I just never thought I'd be the one to give it.

I decided it was time to get home. I got my clothes on and headed out the door. Stephanie lay in the center of her office looking completely satisfied.