 Michelle and I walked over to Eric whose bulging rod made a tent in his boxers. Michelle deftly removed his shorts by quickly pulling down on the sides simultaneously, a move which almost cost her the use of her left eye by Eric's springing dick. We had a little laugh about that, then Michelle, while softly jacking his dick asked, "Eric, you are mad at me for fucking Troy?"

"No, not really," he answered, "as long as you don't get mad at me for fucking Kimmie 'cuz that's what I want right now."

"Oui, that is fine. Let us do this: you two go to the bedroom and have fun and I will prepare a surprise for you out here for later." I wondered aloud what possible surprises could be left and Michelle said, "it is just something my Uncle Pierre brought back with him from Indochine. I promise it will be fun!" With that, I grabbed Eric's cock and led him to the bedroom.

By the time we got there, my hand was full of pre-cum. I licked it off and Eric sighed. I told him, in answer to his previous query that I really didn't want to do anal with him. He said "that's fine. Like I told you this morning, I've always had a thing for you. I just really want to have regular sex with you." That brought a laugh from both of us since before this weekend and Michelle's tutelage we would have called it 'sex' and not 'regular sex.'

Anyway, I stood on my tip toes and kissed Eric on the mouth. I pushed my tongue between his lips and he groaned then chased my tongue back into my mouth with his. I then started kissing my way down his neck and chest licking and sucking each nipple as I went. When I reached his cock it was rock hard and pointing straight north. I gently licked the pre-cum from the tip then licked all around the helmet. I wet my lips and slid them down the underside of his shaft as I pushed his dick up against his belly. When I reached his balls I licked and kissed each in turn and finally slid my wet lips back up his dick. I gazed up at him when I reached the tip and as I pumped him with my little fist I asked innocently, "is this the big cock that's going to be inside me soon?" Eric groaned, "oh, Kimmie. Yeah that's the one. I can't wait to be inside you."

"You want to be inside my tight wet pussy, don't you?" I teased as I jacked him. More pre-cum oozed from his rod and I licked it off. "You want to pump this big thing in my pussy and cum inside me don't you, Eric? You want to fill me with cum?"

"Christ, Kimmie, I'm gonna cum all over your face if you don't quit talking like that," he moaned. I was having fun now. "Oh, you want to cum all over my face, is that it? Like in a porn movie, Eric? That would be so cool. Your jizz shooting out all over my face." Eric tried to pump my fist faster but I kept control of the speed jacking him ever so slowly while I talked dirty to him. "You're a big porn star, Eric. Your cock is so big and you have so much cum in your balls. I know from when you came in my little mouth last night." My dirty talk was exciting me, too, and I felt my slit getting wet. I told Eric about it. "Ooo, baby, I'm getting so wet. Your cock is so big in my little hand and when I think about it being inside my pretty pussy I just drip. Do you want to fuck me, Eric?"

"God, yes...please," he moaned. "Well, let's do it then," I answered. "I want this big thing in me right now!"

With that, I let go of Eric's prick and jumped backward onto the bed with me legs spread and my arms reaching out to him. He was on me in a second but in such a hurry that when he tried to enter me he missed. Twice. He wailed but I shushed him and gently rubbed the head of his cock on my warm, wet pussy. He shuddered and I finally put the tip at the entrance to my cunt. With a groan, he plunged deep inside me but before he could start pumping, I wrapped my legs around his butt in a death lock. "Please, Kimmie. . .what. .?"

"Let's just slow down a little," I said. "I want your cum in me really bad but not just yet, OK? I want to feel your cock in me. Mmmm. You're very nice Eric. Look at me." He looked in my eyes and I slipped my hand down to my stubby clit. "I want you to look at me while I play with my clit," I told him. "I'm all wet and hot and my clit is so hard because of you." He gave a little moan and tried to pump my pussy. I gently started to rub my clit in clockwise motions with my middle finger. I gave a little moan - I knew I was close. I knew Eric was close, too. I switched hands on my pussy and gave Eric my wet finger to suck on which he did while never taking his eyes from mine. My breathing started to speed up as I rubbed my clit. I could feel Eric's cock where it impaled me all hard and tense and wanting to explode. I knew I was just seconds away from cumming when I finally released my hold on Eric's butt. 

"Fuck me now, Eric," I hissed in his ear. "Fuck me and make us both cum!" Eric needed no more encouragement. He started pumping for all he was worth. I expected him to come after just a few strokes as worked up as he was but he was able to go for awhile. Not that I really noticed because he pumped me for about 10 seconds before I had a huge orgasm. I felt my pussy contract on Eric's meat trying to milk his cum from him. My nipples felt as if they were electrified and there was a delicious buzz from my nips to my knees. I'm sure I cried out in pleasure but what I said I couldn't tell you. Eric slowed his pumping motions while I came down from my orgasm. "I can't believe you didn't cum, Eric," I said. "You were so ready."

"I'm still ready, Kimmie, I just want you to know when I'm cumming inside you. Are you ready?" He then started pumping me again, hard and fast. "I said, are you ready?" he asked. 

"Y-y-yess," I managed to stammer as he pounded into me. "I don't think you're ready," he said. "I'm going to have to fuck you for awhile." 

Well, all I could say to that was, "o-h o-h k-a-ay," as he continued to fuck me. "I've wanted you for a long time, Kimmie. It's going to be so cool to cum inside you."

"Please, Eric. I want you to cum in me please!" I yelled. As I said that I felt another orgasm coming. Eric felt it too and said so. "You're going to cum again, aren't you baby? Now you're ready. Kimmie, rub my nipples so I can cum in you." I didn't hesitate. I reached up to Eric's muscular pecs and started rubbing the little brown nubs I found there. It didn't take long for Eric to cum. He yelled and rammed into me so hard I thought his dick might come out my back and I actually felt the torrent of his semen splash against my womb. My cunt contracted in it's own orgasm as his dick contracted in his. It was if my pussy had a mind of it's own. Eric pulled back a little and then released another gusher of cum into my teenage pussy. This caused me to cum again, even stronger and I lifted my hips from the bed to meet his downward thrusts. There was a jumble of unintelligible words mixed with grunts, groans and squishy sex noises as we rutted on the bed. Totally spent, Eric collapsed on top of me. After resting a minute, he rolled off his now soft dick making a big plop as it left my cunt. A river of jizz flowed from my cunt and I could only imagine what that looked like. 

"Kimmie, that was great," Eric mumbled in a sleepy voice. "Yes, it was Eric. It was great."

Just then, Michelle appeared at the foot of the bed. "Oui, I'm sure it was great," she said, "but come and see what I have for you now!"

To Be Continued...