 This is a true story, only the names are changed to protect the guilty!

Tired after the hour long motorcycle ride home I enter our small townhouse. I immediately see her, a strange woman in our house. Long dark hair, dark tan, brilliant white teeth, slender with small breasts, she looked delicious. But who is she?

Star, my wife, greeted me and gave me a quick kiss on the lips. I greeted my three young kids who were busy watching some mind-sapping television show. She introduced me to Trish and I excused myself to get out of my Air Force uniform. Star followed me downstairs to our bedroom. "I was driving home from the grocery and saw her walking with a couple of bags under her arms. I thought she'd just come from the store and offered her a ride. Turns out her boyfriend just kicked her out; she's got nowhere to stay. I was thinking we could give her dinner and take her to a shelter." she explained.

Well, that sure did explain things. Poor woman. We went back upstairs and I got to know Trish while Star prepared dinner. "I don't want to impose, your wife is so nice to invite me into your home." Trish says, "and your kids are great!"

"You are not imposing, I'm sorry to hear about your problem. Do you have anywhere to go, anyone you can stay with?" I query. 

"No, I'm divorced and my family is all split up, no one will have space for me, or want to see me." she says dejectedly. I'm attracted to this woman, but in a way that is different than most other women I've known. She has an air about her, a submissiveness almost. I could enjoy getting to know her, I think.

Trish admits to being an alcoholic and this is what has finally broken up her relationship. That and her boyfriend being abusive. Classic situation, I think to myself. 

"I can't go to a shelter, they'll assault me and more there." says Trish.

"You've been in a shelter before?" I ask. "A couple of times, the last time I got cut bad." she replies, "but it looks like I don't have much choice now."

Dinner was ready and I was deep in thought about this situation. I'm a kind person and can't tolerate anyone being deliberately hurt. I wondered if we could put her up for a few days, until she found somewhere to go. But, I reasoned, I didn't know her or anything about her. And I have three kids to worry about.

"Do you have any kids?" I asked suddenly. She seems to be enjoying talking with the kids. 

"Yes, a daughter about a year younger than your oldest." she says. "She lives with her Dad near here." she continued, "but I don't get to see her much." 

That helps; at least she's a mother. "Tell you what." I smiled, "you can stay here tonight and we'll figure something out tomorrow. I don't much feel like going out anywhere tonight anyway. Honey, what do you think?" I asked looking at Star.

I'm like that, make a decision and let Star counter it. She usually couldn't muster a counter-argument fast enough, so my decisions stand. "I think that's a good idea." Star said, smiling. "Besides, Trish, you've had a rough enough day as it is without going to a shelter." 

"Are you two sure?" Trish asked uncertainly, "I certainly didn't expect this and I don't want to get in your way, or anything."

"Nonsense, you won't be in our way at all. We have the master bedroom downstairs, the spare room upstairs isn't being used so you can sleep there on the futon." I fairly boomed. "You'll just have to put up with us using the toilet off the spare room since I've not started on the one downstairs."

"If you're sure." Trish said, her voice tapering off into silence.

"Of course, this will work fine." said Star. "With both of us working you can help with the kids in exchange. Given a little time you'll figure something else out, I'm sure." she concluded.

Trish looks at us both with a grateful expression in her eyes. "Thank you, thank you both so much." she gushed. "I won't forget this, you are both so nice. You don't even know me!"

"Don't worry about it, we are kind and generous people. We've had a couple of people stay with us before, so we're used to it." I told her. I liked looking at her, which may have tilted things in her favor. Her top was loose and small, exposing most of her stomach. She's a very attractive woman whose dark skin is in sharp contrast to Star who is pasty white.

Later we go upstairs to show her the room. We talk a bit and Star decides to take a shower. "Why don't you give him a back rub, he'll like that." Star suggests to Trish. While Star's in the shower Trish and I talk some more, and she moved to rub my back. 

"You just want to screw me, that's what this is about, isn't it!" Trish accused. I assured her that's not the case, that Star was merely making a suggestion. Of course, I'm wondering if that isn't what Star actually had in mind. We'd had an open marriage for a few years now, so it would not be unexpected of Star to push us in that direction.

Star came out of the bathroom in her terry cloth robe and Trish made the statement again. Star wasn't one to hide her feelings and admited that she wouldn't mind if the two of us screwed. By this time Trish had relented and was giving me a nice backrub, with me shirtless. But I was not about to push the issue at all, I wanted Trish to feel comfortable here, in a safe place.

After some more chit-chat Star and I leave to go downstairs and to bed. That put us, in our small townhouse, two floors below Trish. Our room is very quiet, designed so we can have fun without alarming the kids! We're tired, but cuddle and talk about Trish and what we want to do regarding her stay with us. It's getting close to the various holidays and winter, so we're concerned about putting her out in the cold. Star is an attractive woman, and I'm an oversexed man, so before long I'd worked her into a passionate state.

We screwed every night, or nearly, and most mornings, due to my overactive sex drive. Star liked it a bit kinky; the biggest kink is that she liked to be fisted. I love doing it to her, it's so radical! But that story is for another tiem. Tonight we're just thinking of the possibilities that the future holds with Trish, and getting each other hot. I was about to penetrate Star with my hard and long cock when we hear a knock at our door. 

"It's me, Trish. Can I come in?"

I opened the door and to our surprise there stood Trish in a short bath robe. She came into the room and stopped near our bed, with Star naked under the covers. I'd put on my robe but I closed the door and stood next to Trish. "I've thought about it and I want to join you two. You're a very good looking guy and, while I've not had many experiences with more than one partner, I'd like to repay you for your kindness." Trish said. (Okay, let me admit that in the years that have elapsed since this took place I've forgotten exactly why Trish decided to join us. Probably just plain ole horniness and a desire to get me to supply her alcohol habit. But I digress.) 

I'm surprised, but that doesn't hold me back. I look over to Star who smiled, then I took Trish in my arms and kissed her. She was turned on and returned the kiss with great passion. She smokes and I noted the taste of the cigarette on her breath, I'd never kissed a smoker before. She's also tall, as tall as me, and that was a new experience for me too. I liked it.

She was strong, and has larger hands than Star who is almost five feet tall. This becomes very apparent as she rubs my still hard cock through the robe. Many days later she challenged me to an arm wrestling contest (I won). She leads me closer to the bed, so Star has a good view, and kneels down while opening my robe. After rolling on a condom she quickly began sucking my cock, doing a fair job. She took me deep, gagging on my eight inch cock as it hit the back of her throat. I can tell she'd never deep throat me as her throat is very tight, but the blow job was still very enjoyable.

After several minutes of this I pull her up and move her onto the bed with my wife. I'm taking it slow, so I put her in the middle and stroke her lovely body which is now completely naked. She continues to stroke my cock while enjoying the feeling of me sucking her nipples. Her breasts are very small, perhaps an "A" cup, but she has fantastic nipples that I'm enjoying sucking into my mouth. They were long, about three quarters of an inch, and big around. So nice to suck into my mouth. 

My right hand glides over her tanned body to find her pussy. She's hairy, an unusual sensation to me since Star has always been clean shaven after our marriage started. But the hair wasn't too much, so I enjoyed the difference. I found her pussy lips and dipped a finger in to find she was extremely wet! I don't remember ever having a woman that wet; she was positively soaking my hand!

What a turn on! I kissed my way down her body, over her slim lines, to this extremely wet pussy. I love eating a woman out and I always make sure to eat my partner to at least one orgasm before fucking them. I get tremendous pleasure from giving such pleasure, feeling the woman I'm with writhing and bucking in orgasm. This will be no exception and soon I've got Trish thrashing about in splendid bliss. That also warms them up for my large cock (large cocks can be a curse as well as a blessing, believe me).

Star had been watching all this while slowly stroking Trish's arm. Star had not ever been with a woman although she'd been beside me with other women many times. But she was with that woman's partner, so has been otherwise occupied. 

This is a first for us, two women alone with me (we'd plenty of two men alone with her!). As I finished with Trish and removed the condom I rolled on my back, my cock hard and seeking attention. Star leaned over Trish and took my cock in her mouth and hands. She knows what works for me and began giving me a great blow job. Trish encouraged her: "Yeah, suck it for him, make him come!"

I had no intention of coming, that takes me a long time anymore. I did plan on fucking Trish and so found another condom and rolled it on. I then rolled over on top of her and teased her by rubbing my cock over her pussy lips. I played a little but with the condom on it wasn't a lot of fun, so I quickly plunged deep into Trish. She gasped as I bottomed out in her pussy. "My you're bigger than I expected!" she pants. 

I withdrew with a smile on my face, and then began slamming my hard cock into her at a rapid rate. I wanted to give her an orgasm on my cock, the ultimate compliment to me, and proof of my prowess (a little ego stroking is always good). I was quite fit so I could pound her good, and did. After about ten minutes she was over the top, but is giving as good as I could. This was sensational! I couldn't believe I was fucking this gorgeous woman less then three hours after meeting her. I have fucked many women, but none were as good looking and none were as active in bed, or as wet, as Trish.

The juices were running out of her and the smacking of our bodies together was very loud. I was sweating, adding to the juices. But Trish was amazing and her pussy was literally gushing! I was not unused to wet pussies; I'd even made my wife ejaculate a few times as I fisted her while eating her pussy. But this, this was something special. We should have put a towel underneath us!

After some time I move away from Trish, over to my wife. She's not been neglected, but I've not eaten or fucked her yet tonight either, so I remedied that situation right away. I was hard as a rock from the new experiences and with my cock unsheathed as I fucked my wife I finally came like a rocket, shooting my sporting seed into her clutching pussy and setting her off into a fantastic orgasm. Since our second child we've both been sporting models (vasectomy and tubal ligation) so protection was not necessary.

I rested and cuddled with these two beautiful women, then Trish returned to the guest room and we turned off the light for a deserved good night's sleep.

I awoke at 5am, as usual. Our basement work wasn't complete, so I had to use the bathroom off the upstairs master bedroom. That's what we used as the guest room, and where Trish was sleeping. I was quiet as I went upstairs so I didn't wake the kids. They had another hour and a half before they had to be up, and I wanted them to get all the sleep they could. Quietly I opened the door to the master bedroom, slipped inside, I closed the door just as quietly.

"Pete, is that you?"

Trish is awake, not terribly surprising given her circumstances. 

"Yes, sorry to wake you but I am always up early to get to work." I replied.

"Come lay with me for a few minutes."

"Okay, I'm working from home today so I have some time." I'm in my robe and nothing else as I pull back the bedcovers. Trish was naked. 

"I enjoyed last night a lot." Trish told me.

"So did I." I said as I rolled toward her, stroking her small breast with my right hand. I got hard quickly as she reached for my cock. We kissed, our tongues battling. As I noted earlier, she was strong and that was evident in her strong tongue. What fun! Our bodies moved closer and I moved my hand all over her lovely body. I fondled her ass, feeling its shape and suppleness in my hand. Down over her left leg, she rolls on her back and I quickly find her wetness. Wow, she's really wet already! I stroke her pussy, opening her lips and pushing one, then two, fingers into her.

My cock was achingly hard I was so turned on by her body! After a few minutes of fingering her I moved above her and, with a condom she'd readily provided, slid my hardness into her. We began the dance in the dark room, just some moonlight seeping through the curtains , lighting up her face and upper body. I began to fuck her quickly, almost doing pushups over her. I lowered my body over hers and we squished with the juices and sweat. We kissed, making me all the more excited. We made passionate love for a half hour before I finally came, quicker than usual. But she was new to me and really got my excitement level up quickly.

I showered then left the room. The kids were up and Trish had beaten both of us to the kitchen, having made the kids breakfast of cereal and toast. We talked for a while about her job situation and our plans for the day. Star has to work and left after the kids went to school. I got on the computer and logged on to begin my day. We had a small townhouse with the dining room serving as an office, behind the living room. Trish watched television in the living room and I could see her clearly.

She was wearing jeans and a short tank top, and looked good enough to eat! I found it difficult to concentrate on my work and finally went over to sit with Trish. I rubbed my hands over her shoulders and back, admiring her tan and slim physique. Before long we were kissing, the passion and desire for one another rising quickly. My hand slid over her tight stomach and under her top, fondling her small tits and playing with her large nipples. I pulled her top up and began sucking on her nipples, moving from one to the other.

She was not idle, reaching for my cock which was straining in my jeans. I was so hard it was painful, my cock couldn't straighten out because the jeans were too tight. Trish pushed me back and started opening my waistband. I helped her and soon my hardness was fully exposed to her in the daylight. She leaned down and kissed it, then began sucking me into her mouth. I groaned at the sensations while running my hands over her back and sides. After a few minutes I pulled her up and kissed her again, pulling her top up and off her.

I then worked to take her jeans off, she had soaked the crotch! I pulled them off while sitting on the floor in front of her. I put her ass in my hands and pulled her toward me, putting her very wet pussy directly in front of me. I leaned in and began feasting on her, making Trish pant and moan in delight as I brought her to orgasm over and over. I think she learned what multi-orgasmic means! My face was covered in her slimy, hot, wet pussy juices. I loved it and rubbed it in, wiping the excess off and onto my chest and stomach.

She found a condom and I fucked her with her on the edge of the couch. The position was perfect, I could see her nakedness in the daylight as I fucked her, I could watch her expression as I plunged deeply into her. Her eyes were on me with a lust filled expression, her mouth open slightly as she panted from the exertion. I pulled her to me and move her onto the carpeted floor. I love to fuck on the floor, I can really pound her there, nothing to give below her, and I did just that. Our pelvises slammed together as I fucked her deep and hard, my hands on her ass, pulling her to me even tighter. Before long I came into the condom, filling it up.

We broke apart, panting, and looked at each other with unabated lust. I had to get back to work, after having a bite to eat. But I couldn't stay away very long and before much time had passed we were at it again. She sat on my long hard cock this time while I was on the couch, her facing away from me. She moved up and down on me, doing most of the work, although I was working hard to push up into her. 

"You are one of the top three lovers I've ever had." she volunteered. "God damn, I can't believe this, how hard you are after twice already this morning." she continues.  This only fuels my lust and soon I'm coming into the condom again, my hands roaming all over her torso, playing with her nipples. We had to cool it, the kids would be home soon, I had to get some work done, and the wife would also be home soon.

The rest of the afternoon passed uneventfully. Later that evening I related our trysts to my wife who was amused at the level of play. She was not surprised, after almost 14 years of marriage she knows just how much sex drive I have! We made love with the experiences of the day fueling our passion. Star was easily aroused by erotica and my story telling had gotten her going. Trish remained upstairs, allowing us to have our time together.

I was off to the office the next day, but not before another fuck session with Trish at 5am. I was tired, but I could keep up with her as my lust was quite high for her. We soon settled into a routine with me coming up each morning and crawling into bed with her. She would usually spoon me from behind, running her large hands over my body, cupping my balls and stroking my cock into hardness. I would then roll over and play with her body, feeling her wetness and working my way down to eat her pussy. I love the 69 position and worked us into that each morning, eating her to a big orgasm before fucking her.

After a couple weeks of this we found ourselves in the marital bed together. Star was upstairs with a man friend of ours, entertaining him. Trish was drunk, as usual, but I'm still filled with lust for her. She'd been religious about the use of condoms, but I hate the feeling. 

I reasoned (correctly as it turned out) that if she was always that careful to use condoms than, with me alone, we could skip the condom and I'd still be safe. I took advantage of her inebriation to do just that, we were worked up into a frenzied state and I slid my very hard cock into her, bareback! The sensation was almost too much for me and for the first time in nearly twenty years I almost came with just a few strokes! But I managed to hold it off and we had a great fuck. Her pussy was so wet, but still tight and it felt like velvet around my dick. That coupled with her fantastic body had me really worked up, and she liked the bareback feeling too! She was much more aware of things than she appeared to be and really got into fucking my bare cock.


I ran my hands all over her tan body, squeezing the soft flesh of her ass, rubbing her tight stomach and over her taut legs. We were laying on our sides, me ninety degrees to her, thrusting into her with her left leg up in the air. Our fucking was making a lot of noise, the sucking of her pussy, the squishing of her juices between us, the slapping of our flesh together.
