 This story is fiction. It is NOT the truth. It is meant to entertain and cause erotic arousal, not portray actual events. If you are under 18 years of age or offended by blatant sex and strange and perverse sexual acts, then don't read the FRIGGIN story. If you like it, excellent.

*

"C'mon Candy let's get going" she heard her friend True say. The two women had been going out on Friday nights for several years, only skipping once in a while for emergencies. They lived in a small city on the west coast which was near to a large city that has a reputation for being liberal. Each Friday they would go to the city and drink and dance. They would never tell their husbands what happened and their spouse's never told them what they do on those nights. It seemed to work well.

Every once in a while they had a dare night. They would each take only 20 dollars into the bar and would compete for who could get the most drinks purchased by strangers before 11 pm. Winner could dare the loser who was supposed to do it no matter what.

So Candy and True left for the city and their husbands went pussy hunting and the Friday night ritual was on. They arrived at a club called the 24 club and went inside, by this time fairly well known by the doorman. They grabbed a table near the dance floor and as per the rules each bought their own first drink. Candy won more often then not but tonight was not her night. True was on her game and got 5 more drinks bought for her then the blonde Candy did. True contemplated the dare at 11 that night. Her best friend was tall at 5'10 and perfectly proportioned. Her 38D breasts were a little bigger then True's 36D's but not much. What stuck out was the pure sexual energy Candy projected.

"Ok Candy here is the deal. You are to go down to the adult book store on Pines and go into a video booth in the back. You are to strip naked and make sure the booth has glory holes on both sides. You are not to deny sex, of any kind, to any man who approaches you or sticks his dick in the holes for 2 hours. And you can not lock the door or in anyway deny a man access to you." Candy looked at her friend and knew if she did this she would be gang banged for real. At least would be giving like 12 blowjobs.

"All right True but remember this next time." Candy got up and went to the ladies room. When she came back she handed True her bra and panties. "Be outside the store at 3am and wait for me. No matter how long. If it is after 6am, bring the cops." And she walked out of the bar. True followed her friend discretely, as is the custom. Candy went to a taxi and got in. She arrived at the bookstore where she paid the driver and got out. True saw her go inside.

Candy walked up to the store cashier and asked where the video booths were. He pointed to a door and told her "guys have to buy tokens but you can go back free, if you treat me right." Taking that as an invitation to sex, she walked silently behind the counter and got on her knees. She took out his 6" cock and immediately began sucking it. He lasted for about 2 minutes and came in her mouth. As she got up, the 5 men in the front area clapped for her. As she walked into the video arcade section she lifted her skirt and gave them all a good look at her ass.

It took a minute to adjust to the dark but she found, after about 4 tries, a booth in the back with two glory holes to adjoining booths. She went inside and took off her clothes and folded them on the chair. She sat on her clothes and watched the screen. Apparently the clerk turned hers on from the front as a movie began playing. She found one with a gangbang and felt it perfect. The hole to her right suddenly filled with a cock. About 9 inches of cock. She knelt down and began sucking on the rod of might. Candy was truly a cock worshipper. Cock sucking was a religious experience for her and she was a very good disciple. The man came after a few minutes and she noticed another one in the hole opposite.

She took her time on this one and really tried to give it her best. She sucked and licked and kissed and swallowed for 4 minutes before she was rewarded with cum. As she turned to other hole for more the door opened and a very big black man entered. She said nothing as he lifted her up and bent her wordlessly over her chair. His 12 inch monster cock slammed into her wet pussy like a jackhammer. She saw men watching through the holes and the open door as his cock filled her pussy. His strong hands held her hips as he pulled her back onto the biggest cock she ever had. Slam, slam, slam went his cock into her for what seemed like forever. He started plunging into her with wild abandon as he came inside her cunt. He slowly pulled out and fixed himself up and left.

This went on for a very long time. One man after another bent her over that chair. Several fucked her ass. She thought she had fucked over 15 men when she heard it was after 3. She got up and carried her clothes into the restroom which did not lock. She began trying to clean up when the door opened and a man came in. He pushed her to the floor told her to open her mouth. She did and he knelt and put his dick into her mouth and started to piss. He held her there and she was forced to drink it all. He got up and left her there. A few minutes later she left the stinking bathroom and entered the store front area. The clerk told her to come over. 

Ma'am my customers loved what you did tonight. If you come by next week I can guarantee you that they would pay you 100 bucks each. You pay me 20% for covering you and we can both make out. She gave him her ass to fuck to seal their deal and his cock fucked it hard and mercilessly. "I will be back next week. Blowjobs 40, fucks 100 and ass fucks 250" she said. He just leered and said "deal".

Candy knew just what she would do for True's dare next week.