 Debated for a while whether to post it or not, figured what the hell. Not my favorite story but I still liked it.

Disclaimer: Only adults of legal age should read, yada yada legal stuff. Credit must be given to me if shared elsewhere, yada yada yada, here comes the sex. 






Later that night after work, I decided to take a shower. I invited Kate to join me, but she declined politely. I sighed, and went into the bathroom. I don't know how long I was in there, but it felt amazing. As the piping hot water rushed over me I felt all the aches and pains of the day go away. Kate had taken care of handling any stress I would normally have. Some say I take my low-paying retail job too seriously, and I would generally have to agree.

Finally I decided to turn the water off and emerge from my knockoff hot tub experience. I dried off and put on some underpants, then opened the door to walk out. I was opening my mouth to announce my new found cleanliness, when I heard Kate talking so I decided to be rude and eavesdrop.

"I dunno, it was just kind of spur of the moment, no thinking sorta thing," Kate said.

"That's really hot, I'm gonna have to try that sometime. Maybe you should go back overseas again," our roommate, Riley, added innocently as I smiled at the memory.

Kate and I had been going steady for about two years when she got an opportunity to go to Venice, Italy for a year. She'd always wanted to go, but she said that she didn't want to leave me for a year. After much convincing on my part, she ended up going.

Conveniently enough, the same day Kate flew out, Riley's lease ended and she needed a place to stay. Apparently Kate had told her she could stay with me until Kate got back. I found this out when I came home from work and saw that my bathroom had been taken over, and the bedsheets, on the only bed in the house, had been changed from the usual plain comforter, to a pink frilly mess that hurt my eyes and damaged my soul.

Immediately after seeing my home invaded, I called Kate, who was of course on an airplane above the ocean. She told me to handle my own problems like an adult and she'd call when she landed. Seeing as how we had only the one bed and a tiny couch that I couldn't lay comfortably on, I called every friend I could and asked to stay overnight. Of course, they all said no. Apparently I snore when I sleep.

Anyway, to make a long story short, after about a week Riley was still there and she had planted roots. I'd gotten tired of sleeping on the couch and my back hated me, so I decided I would sleep in the bed, with Riley, (who said the couch was below her) but stay to my side. The main problem with this was that I was incredibly attracted to Riley, and I knew it was mutual, and although I would never actually cheat on Kate I had a feeling my dick didn't feel the same way.

The feeling was founded when I woke up to a slobbery dick halfway down Riley's throat, while she was on the phone with Kate no less. I'd had a heart attack. Apparently though, this had been the plan all along. Riley move in while Kate is gone, just so she knew I was "taken care of." And once Kate got back, Riley refused to leave, so we all got a bigger place and moved in together. We all fucked each other frequently.

I was snapped back into reality by a fake laugh from Kate followed by her saying, "He doesn't get anything until he pays me back. I gave him the best blowjob he's ever gotten, and he owes me some tongue time."

Riley made a shocked sound. "Best ever?! I can think of a few of mine that could be argued for best ever!"

"The gallons of cum said differently," Kate said haughtily.

"Let me just tell you," Riley began, but I stepped around the corner to interrupt them. As much as I love hearing two gorgeous women talking about giving me blowjobs, I was frankly tired of standing still in the hallway.

"Hi there ladies. What are we talking about?"

They both turned their head to me and glared. "How long have you been standing there?" Kate asked.

"Who, me?" I replied innocently.

Riley raised an eyebrow as if to say, Just save time and admit it already. I complied.

"About 2 minutes," I said.

Kate clicked her teeth and turned to Riley. "We just get no privacy in this house, do we?"

Riley nodded her head in reply. "We sure don't. And the indecency of it all too. Would it kill you to put on some clothes?"

"Yea, no one wants to see your junk," added Kate.

In reply I simply pulled down and stepped out of my underpants.

"Well loooookie here," began Riley. "Someone wants to throw their two cents into the conversation."

"We don't care what you have to say mister, go home," Kate said.

I sighed, sensing they could go on a lot longer than I could, and put my underpants back on, and went over to sit on the couch.

"That's what I thought," they said in unison.

I shook my head and sat down on the open cushion of the couch, which happened to be beside Riley. I took her in as I sat down. Riley is only average height, and has black hair that hits the middle of her back and is almost always in a ponytail. She has bright blue eyes, light freckles under her eyes that stretch across her nose, and bright pink lips that are ready for sin. Her boobs are larger than average, and give her curves that she does her best to show off. Riley's butt is the kind that you just want to spank until its bright red, then kiss it to make it better. Her legs are a little short, but when you see them you just can't help but imagine them wrapped around you. Riley is bubbly, outgoing, quick to smile, and will almost always touch your arm when she is telling you a story. She looks like an innocent girl-next-door, that is until she gets her mischievous smirk that lets you know she knows you want to fuck her, and she loves it. Almost every man who meets her crushes on her immediately, and she flirts just enough to encourage it. She's the classic cock-tease, a girl who knows she's built for sex and gets off on flaunting the fact as much as she can.

"Whoa, take a picture big fella," said Riley.

"And keep your hands off her, she's mine," said Kate, planting a big kiss on Riley's lips as she finished.

I raised an eyebrow at the kiss, basically asking for more, and Kate winked at me and obliged, kissing Riley on the lips again, this time with more passion, cupping Riley's head in her hand. Riley responded by kissing right back, eagerly as she could, and within seconds they were tonguing it up. I just sat and watched, my cock making slight movements almost in beat with their lips smacking, and grinned. Some days life is just better.

Within a few seconds however, they were done. They both wiped their mouths clean of each other's saliva, Riley turning on the TV as Kate got comfortable again. They weren't even out of breath.

"Uh, wh, ah," I babbled, unable to form the proper words to express my disappoint.

"Yes?" asked Riley, leaning back.

"You can't just do that!" I said loudly. "That's worse than changing the channel right as the QB is throwing a Hail Mary!"

"I never really cared much for football," replied Riley. "Although I will admit I've always enjoyed the tight pants."

"Me too," said Kate. "Personally I've always thought football was just an excuse for grown men to jump on top of each other."

I let out an exasperated sound. "No its not! It's about the competition, the battle of wits, the grind... and don't change the subject!"

"You're getting pretty noisy there bud," Kate said. "Better quiet down before Mrs. Henderson comes down here with her broom again."

Riley smirked. "This time it wouldn't be because of my magical tongue though."

Kate giggled, Riley kept smirking, and I threw my hands in the air and went to the kitchen to get something to eat. Some days you just couldn't bribe to go your way.

We ended up ordering pizza and watching some crappy movie on Netflix. The girls huddled under a blanket the entire time, and I swear I saw them groping each other under the blanket. Kate and Riley not only loved each other's bodies, they loved messing with me as often as they could. Damn lesbians.

After the movie was over and the popcorn kernels had fallen under the couch to join their brethren, I stood up. "I'm gonna go to bed," I announced. "If you two ever get done groping each other feel free to come to bed too."

Riley slept in the same bed as us almost all the time, because that's where she ended up anyway with two horny people constantly craving her body, and sometimes I even got lucky and slept between them. Mostly though I just got the edge of the bed and a corner of the blanket.

The girls simply nodded and waved goodnight, then turned on another movie. I waited hopeful for a second that they were just messing with me, then waited even longer in bed hoping they'd come in and fulfill every fantasy I'd ever had, but eventually I passed out.

The clock said 1:30am when I woke up to a hand on my dick. I knew immediately that it was Riley's, simply because she wasn't squeezing it as tight as Kate does, and I grinned as Riley slowly stroked it. Already I was rock hard, but if I hadn't the sight I saw would've perked me up almost instantly. Riley had Kate's legs over her shoulders with her head buried in her crotch, as she licked Kate's pussy like she was a dog trying to get the peanut butter on the bottom of the jar. Kate moaned very softly, she was rather quiet with her sex sounds, as she had one hand on the back of Riley's head and the other massaging her tits. I just laid back and watched the show, Riley's hand moving ever so slowly along my shaft.

I watched and listened for however long before Kate seemed to realize that I'd woken up. She raised her head up a tiny bit to look at me and smiled. "Hi sweetie, sorry we woke you. This one," she said, gently shoving Riley's head into her crotch, "decided to tease me the entire movie." I smiled back at her as she put her head down, only to raise it right back up. "And don't think this gets you out of your tongue time mister. There is plenty of me for everyone."

Just thinking about tasting Kate's sweet pussy made me move my hips a little bit, instinctively, and Riley immediately got the idea and started stroking my cock faster. Her grip wasn't as tight as Kate's, and she didn't move quite as fast, but she had a way of massaging my cock with her fingers as she stroked my shaft, and she always made sure my balls got the proper attention. I've always loved Riley's little hands on my cock.

I let her stroke me for a bit longer, listening to Kate moan and watching her play with her tits the whole time, before I finally got too horny to handle it anymore. I grabbed Riley's wrist in my hand, reached around for her other one as well, pulling it off of Kate's leg, and grabbed them together in one hand. Then I got on my knees behind Riley, who's ass was in the air just asking for it, put her hands just above her butt but still in my control, and took a finger to probe her pussy.

I teased the outside of her pussy with my finger, before moving inside her, slowly. I quickly found her clit and stimulated it with the tip of my finger, creating a moan from Riley and a happy grin from me. I shoved my finger deeper inside her until I could feel her sopping wet pussy dripping on my first knuckle, then pulled out of her and replaced my finger with my hard cock.

The moment the head of my cock pierced into her pussy and separated her lips, she let out a loud moan into Kate's pussy. Riley has never been quite as reserved as Kate when it comes to sex sounds. Still holding her hands together by her wrist and behind her back, just for the fun of it, I found myself in complete control of Riley and I grinned broadly. There was always time to fuck with her before actually fucking her.

So ever so slowly I slid my dick inside of her cunt, moving my hips slowly as I did to further probe her. At first Riley had tried to push me inside her by thrusting back, but with her hands out of her control and her head buried in a pussy, I easily kept her from doing so. And as my cock crept inside of her, I took my free hand and slowly trailed my fingertips along her spine to tickle her, enjoying her little movements with me inside her.

It took about a minute before I finally let my cock push all the way in, and by then Riley was moaning with every movement I made. It would have been easy to make her cum right then and there, but I decided it would be more fun to mess with her. I leaned up to her ear, my dick shifting around as I adjusted my position, and put my mouth close to her ear, so close I could feel her ear on my lips when I talked.

"Good girls get to cum," I whispered quietly yet forcefully. "Cock-teases like you have to wait," I said, kissing her neck gently. She replied with something, but it was impossible for me to understand her with her tongue being occupied.

I left a trail of kisses down her back until I had to sit back up, enjoying the taste of her soft, warm, and slightly sweaty skin. I slowly pulled my cock back out of her, jerking it around inside her at random times just to feel her squirm, until I felt the tip of it resting against her labia. Tracing the outline of it with my cock, I decided to watch Kate while she got eaten out.

Kate's face was contorted into an expression of almost-pain yet full pleasure as her hips grinded on Riley's face, begging to be tongue-fucked faster. It was hard to tell how Riley reacted, but judging by the loud moan and the sudden appearance of Kate's hands on her breasts, I guess she complied.

I moved my cock away from her labia, a tiny trail of her pussy juice left, before I moved Riley's hands down a little lower and rubbed my cock along her fingertips while I continued to watch Kate, who sounded like she was getting close to cumming. Riley's fingers began to twitch under my cock, as if begging for me to give her any kind of attention, but I kept on watching Kate squirm. She had her breasts cupped in her hands now, and I could see that she was playing with her nipples, pinching them until she couldn't stand the pressure anymore, then rubbing them to ease the tension, then repeating the whole process. Her mouth was constantly agape, and it took a lot of will power not to get up and shove my cock into her inviting mouth. Watching Kate writhe in ecstasy made my cock twinge, and suddenly I absolutely had to fuck something.

Luckily, I had a ready and willing pussy within inches of me. So faster than I knew I could move, I shoved my dick back into Riley's cunt, all the way in with one thrust, and felt her whole body convulse in pleasure as I did. Not bothering to tease her anymore, I pulled it back out, the tip of me resting just inside her, and forced my way back in, even harder this time. Riley's body shook again, and I heard a moan escape into the pussy she was so happily eating out. I whipped it back out of her, and shoved it inside again, instantly pulling it back out once I was as far as I could go in. Then I shoved it back in faster, the speed and intensity of my thrusts increasing with each one. I felt my heart pounding in my chest, I huffed for breath, and yet I kept going, time becoming meaningless and immeasurable.

I felt my balls begin to weigh themselves down with cum, then I felt them smack against Riley, the sensation almost hurting but adding to my pleasure. I felt Riley move under me with every thrust, and I felt her muscles clenching and unclenching, the whole while I could tell her tongue was fucking Kate for all it had. My cock began to burn, starting at the base then slowly trickling up with each thrust I made. The three of us began to moan together, losing ourselves in the pleasure we were giving each other. I felt the burning in my cock reach the tip.

And I stopped. I pulled out of Riley immediately, and spent a few seconds fighting off my near-orgasm, Kate and Riley sounding as if they were doing the same. I took a deep breath, my heart still racing but slowing down. I saw Riley lift up her head and gasp for air, and I saw Kate's jaw unclench. Then they both turned to look at me.

"Why did you stop?" Riley asked, half pleadingly, half angrily. I wondered that myself for half a second, before I heard a loud smack in the room and my hand suddenly stung. I looked down and saw Riley's ass still jiggling a tiny bit, a bit of a red mark starting to form. I liked the way it looked, so I smacked it again. And again. Then one more time for good measure, each cheek getting the same amount of smacks, and each cheek turning red.

"I told you, only good girls get to cum. Little cock teasing whores have to wait," I finally said.

"Pleaseeeeee," Riley begged. "I'm sorry I teased you. If you let me cum now I promise to suck you dry tomorrow, just please let me cum!"

"He's right," Kate chimed in. "You've teased us both all night, you don't get to cum. You have to earn it.

"How?" Riley said, her eyes pleading to get fucked. "Just tell me what you want I need to cum!"

I grinned then looked at Kate, who grinned back at me. Normally it was Riley who put us on edge, now we had her right where we wanted her. "Hmmm," I started. "What do you think, dear?"

Kate sat up and tapped her chin thoughtfully. She had clearly been about to cum too, but just as clearly she didn't want to miss out on a chance to fuck with Riley. Like I said, there was always time to fuck with her before actually fucking her. "Maybe we should tie her up, and just stay up all night edging her and never let her cum."

"That's deliciously mean," I said. "But I do kinda wanna sleep tonight." I got up and moved around to where Kate was, lowering my voice so only she could hear. "Do you think you can squirt tonight?" I asked her.

She replied instantly. "Definitely. I was close to doing it before you decided to get all vindictive," she teased quietly. "Why?"

I grinned. "Trust me. And make sure you get it all over her face." I walked back to the top of the bed before she could reply.

"Alright my dear cock tease. If you can make my lovely partner, Kate, squirt in the next few minutes, I'll let you cum. Think you can do it?"

"Yes, yes, definitely. Promise to let me cum?" She pleaded.

I nodded in reply. Riley grinned at me before turning back to Kate, who had gotten back into position, to begin lapping up her pussy once again. I watched, idly stroking my cock, as Riley and her masterful tongue got to work.

Instantly Kate looked like she was back on cloud nine, this time with even more moaning. I saw her grip Riley's pony tail and shove her head deeper into her pussy, and I heard Riley purr in response. Riley's head was moving back and forth and I could tell by the way her jaw moved that her tongue was in overdrive. Kate had gone back to massaging her tits, her legs now on Riley's shoulders and clenching as she got eaten out.

I kept watching as Riley suddenly stopped with her tongue, instead using her fingers to trace around Kate's pussy, never touching it, making Kate convulse. Riley placed a gentle kiss on Kate's labia, then stuck her tongue back inside of Kate, paying special attention to her clit.

They kept up for another minute before I got antsy, my own orgasm begging to be released. So I did what any sensible person would do, I smacked Riley's ass again. "Hurry up!" I said as she let out a scream into Kate's pussy. Then I shoved my dick back inside of Riley and began to slowly fuck her, edging myself to build up cum.

I was in that state between sanity and near-orgasm, where your mind stops working and all you can feel is pleasure. Somehow I kept myself from cumming, but I knew it wouldn't be much longer. Watching Kate get eaten out had really sped up the process. So I pulled back out, replacing my cock with my fingers, probing Riley once again.
