 It started out as a dream, or at least I thought it was a dream. It didn't take long for reality to impede on my wonderful dream.

I was lying on my side when I felt her hand run up my thigh before it was gone. Then, I felt her lips on my breast, sucking and nibbling at my nipple. I only completely woke up when I felt the tip of his hot, rigid dick pressed against my butt cheek. Then, he swept my hair to the side so he could kiss my neck. Apparently, she'd woken him up before me. I could feel his tongue press against the back of my neck, surrounded by his soft lips and it made me gasp in pleasure. At the same time, she was nibbling so gently on the tips of my nipples and the flesh surrounding it and playing with my clit. I almost felt overwhelmed.

He kissed the back of my neck again, in the same manner but he didn't linger this time. This time, he moved to the side of my neck and to the spot where my neck meets my shoulder and down my back, all the while licking, nipping, and kissing. It wasn't long before I was wet, so wet I was dripping, as she pointed out to me by dipping her finger near my pussy before making me suck it clean. I always loved sucking on her finger, rolling my tongue around it and up the side. I like sucking on his finger also... He did the same thing she did.

Just as his finger was leaving my mouth, I felt her hand go between my legs to help him slide his dick into my dripping wet pussy. I gasped as he slid into me and she caught my gasp in her mouth as she kissed me roughly. I was so turned on and it felt so good and right when he thrust into me hard and fast.

She stopped playing with my tits to move lower, kissing over my stomach until her tongue came into contact with my clit, licking and sucking as he continued to fuck me. I could feel her hand between my legs as she played with his balls as he fucked me. His hand quickly replaced her mouth at my nipple, pinching ever so slightly as he pulled just a bit. She alternated between playing with his balls and rubbing my clit.

I couldn't keep quiet any longer, I was about to cum. She must have figured that out because she started rubbing my clit more, fast and hard. I could feel it building with every thrust he made until I just exploded with a scream the neighbors were certain to have heard.

I decided to let her have a turn so we switched positions so she was in the middle. Instead of from behind though, he was missionary. It didn't take anything to get her wet, since she was so turned on by playing with me while he fucked me, so I laid there and played with her nipples while he fucked her, just watching his dick go in and out of her. It was so sexy, watching his muscles flex as his cock repeatedly disappeared. He bit his bottom lip when his eyes made contact with mine and he gave me his sexy little half-smile. I couldn't help it. I had to kiss him. It was only a brief kiss as he fucked her but there was such heat I was ready to go again.

She was even noisier than I was as I started to play with her clit. It wasn't long before I was so turned on my puss was dripping again so I climbed on her face. She didn't need any hints and she started to lick and suck at my pussy. Her muffled sounds of pleasure were a turn-on as well and I played with her clit and nipples still. He leaned forward and reached a hand to tweak a nipple as she screamed into my pussy which made me get off again. I could feel the juices dripping down her face and rubbed them around a bit. He only thrust a couple more times as his hand went into my hair to kiss me hard and bite my lip before pulling my head by my hair to his cock. He thrust it inside my mouth just before hot saltiness hit my tongue. With his hands in my hair, he held on as he moaned and thrust and pulled. She blew on my puss a little before she gave me a little lick at my clit and I swallowed all of him before I turned around to kiss her full on the mouth.