 It started as typical summer Saturday in suburbia. Most of the neighbors were outside doing work in the yard. We were gardening, mowing the grass, or performing some other chore. Through the day we chatted back and forth and as evening approached some of the guys and gals working in the front yards began spending more time talking and less time working. 

Of course hot weather and hard work makes you thirsty. We all began to move on from water and iced tea to our favorite cold adult beverages. The cold beers and chilled glasses of wine were a welcome reward. The topic of dinner came up and we were all planning to grill something. Three of the couples decided to get together and share dinner while others moved on to other plans. We all converged at Mike and Lynn's house to grill, eat, BS, and of course drink. 

We realized that we were faced with a situation that rarely if ever occurred. The six of us were childless for the night. Our kids were at a sleepover, Jim and Mary's kids were away at the grandparents and Mike and Lynn's were on vacation with her brother. When we realized that there were no kids to worry about we all decided it was a good night for steaks, a green salad and fresh corn on the cob. The drinks continued to go down easy so by the time dinner was done and the sun was setting, everyone was pretty relaxed. 

We were playing cards talking and sharing stories of our youth. When the conversation turned to vacations and boating Lynn told a story about a time when she was sunbathing topless when she was a freshman in college. She explained that she was interrupted when a speedboat came very close to the float lying on and startled her so much she jumped up exposing her breasts. I joked about how they didn't see much. 

Lynn is a pretty blonde, about 5'7", with brown eyes, a slim body and definite "a" cups. She responded that she had seen me eyeing her enough times that she knew how much I'd like to see what the boaters saw. I couldn't help but agree flashing a leering smile. My wife, Kristin laughed and said if it had been me, by the way my name is Bill, sunbathing with nothing on they wouldn't have seen much either. The others joined in the joking. We have all been neighbors for about eight years and we are all in thirties. Mike, who is a 5'9", stocky, dark haired, jovial man with an easy smile suggested that Lynn and I might want to play doctor. We both nervously laughed and declined, but when we made eye contact I could tell she liked the idea as much as I did. 

Jim then suggested we should make it more interesting by changing the card game to strip poker. We'd had enough to drink to make it sound like a good idea. Oh, there was a lot of hemming and hawing. Kristin and Mary were not very enthusiastic but the guys and Lynn talked them into trying it. 

Since it was a hot day everyone was dressed lightly. We all had on shorts, t-shirts and sandals. Kristin was braless. Her nipples already looked like erasers pointing out proudly beneath her shirt. Kristin has red hair, is 5'5" with green eyes. She has a slim figure with a nice round ass that gets a lot of attention. She complained that she had one less item on than the other girls and we realized that the guys all had 5 too. Mary suggested that if someone was too shy to remove a clothing item they could take a dare instead and we all agreed.

We all got fresh drinks and started the game. You could almost feel the nervous excitement and anticipation. Mary won the first hand, Mike the second. Not much happening yet, but the third hand was moving us closer to the edge. The cards were dealt and Kristin won with three of a kind. Jim, a 5'10" balding redhead with a slim build removed his shirt. The girls hooted, even though they had seen him shirtless by the pool or in the yard. Lynn removed her tee shirt slowly to reveal a light blue low cut bra that revealed little. I stood up and removed my shirt from my 6'2" frame to bare my hairy chest. 

Lynn won the next round with a straight. This took me down to my briefs which caused Lynn to look at Kristin and comment that the package didn't look too small in reference to Kristen's earlier jab. Kristen surprised me by removed her shorts to unveil her pink underwear. She blushed and said if she'd known she was going to be on display she would have put on her best Victoria's Secret undies. I thought she would have taken a dare. Jim, grinned, removed his shorts and tossed them my wife's way since she was taunting him the most when his shirt came off. Mary, a dark haired well rounded 5'2" woman removed her t-shirt to reveal her ample breasts trapped in a lacy white bra. Mike lost his shirt. 

The sexual tension was growing as evident by the nervous grins and gulps from our glasses. I won the next hand which meant that Kris was down to her tee shirt and underwear. She elected to take a dare. Since I won it was my choice. I thought we needed a little action to push us a bit further. I dared her to sit in Jim's lap for 30 seconds and kiss him. She turned a little red and glared at me. Lynn goaded her on as she slowly stood up, walked over to Jim. She sat in his lap for a moment then slowly kissed him. She broke contact, smiled at me, then kissed him again. This time she slid her tongue into his mouth. Everyone cheered them on. When she stood up I could see Jim's briefs were starting to tent. 

Jim also took the dare so I dared him to massage Kris's shoulders and neck while nibbling on her neck and ears for 30 seconds. Jim proceeded to do so as the group cheered him on. By the time he was done they were both bright red. 

After watching her husband kiss and massage another woman Mary looked a little dismayed. She took another long drink of her wine and then removed her shorts and was now clad only in her lacy bra and matching panties. Her action resulted in claps and calls of approval. Mike dropped his shorts too reveal a pair of colorful boxers while Lynn removed her shorts to reveal a dark blue thong to the continued cheers of approval. 

The anticipation was growing. Mike got up and brought out a fresh round of drinks as I dealt the next hand. Mary won again, our first two hand winner. Form her reaction was relieved to have kept her top on and avoided a dare. Mike took a dare. Mary thought for a minute and began to blush as she dared him to give her a one minute foot and leg rub. Mike began massaging Mary's feet and slid his hands up and down her legs all the way up her thighs near the edge of her panties where Mary's dark bush was peeking out from the edges. 

His wife Lynn was next. She looked at Mike then shifted her eyes to me and boldly undid the front clasp on her bra to bare her small, pert, hard nippled breasts. I shouted my approval and received a grin from her and a kick in the shins and a smirk from Kristin. 

I took a dare, which caused Lynn to complain that she showed me something and she expected the same. Mary surprised us all when she pushed our little game to the next level when she said "I dare you to massage Lynn's chest for 30 seconds". I leaned over rubbed the area below her shoulders and skirted her breasts before I gently cupped her small pert tits. I glanced and Mike not sure what his reaction would be and felt relieved to see he was grinning broadly. Lynn also smiled as I ran my thumbs over her nipples and tweaked them gently. When my time was up the tip of my cock was sticking out of the top of my briefs. Lynn smiled lasciviously. 

Kris was next. Seeing how the dares were progressing she nervously pulled t-shirt over her head to reveal her beautiful round 32-b breasts. She was blushing bright red. Mike and Jim hooted with approval. 

Jim stood up and slowly removed his boxers. His long, thin semi erect dick matched the rest of his build. The ladies hooted and hollered with approval. 

Mary began dealing the cards and asked if Jim was out. Lynn eyed Jim's nude body and said "No, but if he wants to play he has to take dares when he loses and I have a great dare in mind for him". We were all drunk and horny at this point so we quickly agreed.

Mary won again with a full house so it was time for more of us to get naked. Mike stood up and dropped his boxers pulling them down over his hardening fat cock. Next, his wife Lynn stood up and slowly slid her thong down wiggling her ass as she did so. She leaned over toward me and rubbed the thong across my face. I could smell her musky aroma and it made me even more excited. 

I was next as I stripped off my briefs my hard cock bounced out and pointed across the table. Lynn looked on approvingly. I looked at Kris who looked at Lynn and me, and proceeded to perform a slow sexy strip show. She slowly slid her panties off her hips turning around at first to show her beautiful and when she turned to face forward, her bush. She looked me in the eye and reached to her left to hang her panties on the tip of Jim's hard on. 

Since Jim was already nude, he had no choice but to accept a dare. Mary again surprised me by upping the ante and daring her husband to kiss Lynn while rubbing her tits for one minute. Jim got up, walked around the table and knelt down next to Lynn's chair. He helped her turn to face him and they began kissing, slowly at first and then more passionately as he darted his tongue in her mouth and kneaded her tits. Jim reluctantly stopped when time was up. Mary dealt the cards again. 

This round Lynn won with a straight. Lynn dared me to kiss Mary passionately and rub her breasts and pussy through her clothes for one minute. I walked over and began to kiss and squeeze Mary's big tits. I moved my right hand down to her lap and began to rub her pussy. I could feel her warm, wet lips through the sheer material. Mary moaned softly and pulled me close to her. When my time was up I started back to my chair. 

Lynn directed her attention to Kris and dared her to sit in Mike's lap and make out for one minute. Kris looked at me then got up and moved past Lynn to sit in Mike's lap. His hardon was pressing against her naked ass cheeks as she began to kiss him as she rubbed his chest. As the time ticked by the kiss became more heated and she dug her fingers into his chest. He responded and squeezed her tits and rubbed her stomach. Kris got up and walked back to her seat. I could see the moisture glistening on her pussy lips when she sat down next to me. 

Lynn now dared Jim straddle Kris and make out with her. Jim waked over with his long dong bobbing and straddled Kris as he did this his cock brushed against her belly. They began kissing and the more they kissed the brighter red Kris got. Both of them were pretty worked up when they finished. Kris had two different men touch her with the cocks in the last few minutes and she was excited. 

As Kris cooled down Mary removed her bra to reveal her large soft 38 D breasts. Lynn then turned to Mike and told him to kiss and massage Kris's body from her neck to her waist for one minute. Lynn was making it a point to sex up my wife. Mike began gently fondling Kris's nipples and squeezing her tits as he kissed her neck. He began to work his way down her torso and ended by licking her belly button for the last twenty seconds. I watched as she held the back of his head and she quietly moaned as her chest heaved. 

When they finished Lynn began to deal again. Jim won this hand with a pair. Mary stood up wiggled out of her panties and everyone clapped. We were now all nude. Jim looked at Mike and told him to straddle Mary and kiss her he had done with Kris. Mike proceeded to lock lips with Mary as he sat on her lap and pushed his cock against her body. When he finished she was flush and giggling like a school girl. 

Next, Jim told Lynn to give me a one minute lap dance. My heart was racing and my dick was throbbing as Lynn walked over confidently and sat in my lap. She put her arms around my neck and began to bump and grind. I felt the moisture from her cunt as she slid her pussy lips back and forth on my hard cock. About half way through the dance she leaned forward and ground her hard nipples into my chest. Next, she put her head on my shoulder and began sucking on my neck. I almost shot my load all over her as I groaned holding it in. 

Jim told Lynn to stay where she was when her time was up. He looked and me with a big grin and told me to suck on Lynn's tits for one minute. I lowered my head to her chest and gently began to lick and nibble her breasts. She squirmed and moaned with pleasure pulling at my hair. 

Kristin was next, Jim told her to give him a one minute lap dance. Kristin rose without hesitation this time, looking and Lynn and me, then at Mary. She slid into Jim's lap and began a slow grind pressing his long cock against his abdomen. She looked over her shoulder at me and then proceeded to lick and bite his neck and chest until the minute was up. When she leaned back her stomach glistened with the pre cum from Jim's cock.

Mike suggested we move inside where we could be more comfortable and we readily agreed. I sat on the couch and Lynn sat next to me. Jim sat in the recliner and Kristin boldly sat on his lap. Mary and Mike settled into the love seat. We all appeared to be ready for the next step. 

Kristin declared that she would flip over 6 cards, the high card would win. This time Kristin won and I could tell that she was still nervous, but horny enough to throw all caution to the wind. She was flushed, her nipples were hard and I'm sure her cunt was sopping wet. She sort of gulped and looked and Jim, then Mary, then me. She looked at Jim and invited him to kiss her breasts and finger her pussy for one minute. Jim began to kiss, lick, and bite her nipples and then slid his index finger into her pussy meeting no resistance. Kris gasped and he soon had two fingers rapidly sliding in and out as Kris began to moan softly. She was close to cumming when the time was up. 

Kris looked at Mary and told her to kiss Mike for one minute and jack him off while she was doing it. Mary pulled Mike to her and began to kiss him passionately while slowly pulling on his dick. She gradually sped up using her thumb and fingers to manipulate the bulbous head of his cock. 

When the minute was up she had pre cum all over her fingers which she licked off. Kris asked Mary if Mike's cum tasted good. Mary grinned and said "yes and it's the first time in 14 years that I've tasted anybody but Jim. Kris then said "If it tastes good I dare you to suck his dick for one minute". Mary looked at Lynn who smiled broadly and said, "He's all yours." as she caressed my thigh. Mary slid to the floor and began hungrily sucking on Mike's cock. When the minute was called Mary reluctantly stopped. 

Kris now looked at Mike, she got up and sat next to Mary on the floor looked up and told him "I dare you to let me suck your dick with Mary for one minute. Mike grinning like a fool nodded saying "I'll take that dare, no problem". Kris slowly wrapped her mouth around the head of his dick and began sucking it. She began sliding up and down the shaft. She released his dick and held it in front of Mary who began sucking away. I looked up and Mike was breathing hard and staring down at the two women worshipping his cock. Kris had to make Mary stop sucking his dick. 

She looked at Lynn and said, "Lynn, now it's your turn. I dare you to come over here and join us sucking Mike's cock." Lynn came over and sat on the floor in front of Mike. Kris started sucking the head of his cock while holding the shaft. She then held it out to Lynn who sucked on her husbands cock until Kris pulled it out of her mouth with a pop and put it back in her own. She sucked his fat cock deep into her mouth and throat moving up and down quickly. Mike was squirming in the chair when Kris stopped and pointed his dick at Mary. Mary started bobbing up and down pulling his cock into her mouth and Kris let go. Mary sucked on Mike until his hips started bucking, her head pulled back a bit as he came in her mouth, but she greedily sucked away. 

Kris asked, "How did the whole load taste" as Mary looked up and pull her mouth away from his cock with a big grin. She looked over at Jim with a guilty look on her face. He looked somewhat shocked, but the excitement overcame his feeling about seeing his wife swallow his next door neighbor's load. 

Kris now looked at me and said, "Are you disappointed I didn't dare Lynn to suck you off?" she turned to Jim and said "you too?" She looked at Lynn and said "I don't think I want to waste any more time on cards but I still dare you to suck both of them off. 

Lynn was stunned but her sultry grin showed she was up to the challenge. She moved back to me and lowered her head to my lap and began sucking my hard cock. Kris stood up and led Jim to the couch on the other side of her and tapped Lynn's shoulder. Lynn turned and smiled at Jim and went to work on his long dick. She went back and forth between us. 

I leaned back and looked over at Mary and Mike. He had her in his lap and was sliding two fingers in and out of Mary's sopping cunt as she watched Lynn blow her husband. 

Kris made eye contact with me when Lynn returned to my cock. She came over and led Jim back the chair, sat him down turned so her ass was toward him. She slowly lowered herself on to Jims lap grabbed his long dick and placed the tip in her moist slit. Once he started to enter her she started fucking him hard, slamming her ass down on his crotch, taking every inch of him with each stroke. 

She looked in my eyes and said "when I cum, I want you to come in her mouth" and started to fuck him even harder keeping eye contact. Her eyes started to glaze and her chest was heaving. She threw her head back and closed her eyes. As she started to reach orgasm she dug her nails into Jim's thighs. She then looked at me again as she let out a long moan. I couldn't stand it any more and started pumping strings of cum into Lynn's throat. She sucked my cum down like she was starving as I stared back into Kris's eyes. I looked down at Lynn and she was smiling at me. 

Lynn then looked over at Mike as he changed position and began licking Mary's thighs and then lapping at her womanhood. Jim was still fucking my wife and I knew if he kept it up she would cum again. Lynn looked at me and said, "I haven't cum yet, what are you going to do about it? I slid on the floor and kissed her, tasting my cum in her mouth. 

We kissed long and hard as I laid her back on to the floor. I kissed her neck, her small, firm breasts and moved down to her belly then detoured onto her thigh before I put my tongue on her clit. I sucked on it and worked my tongue deep inside her. I could heard Jim grunt and moan. Kris was rocking hard on his lap as he slammed home and moaned louder, I knew he had just filled her with his cum. She was cumming again and rocked to a slow stop and leaned back. I could see the cum pooling around his cock and balls. 

My dick began to harden as I looked at my wife who looked totally satisfied as she finished fucking the neighbor. I hadn't got hard again this fast since I was a teenager. I continued to lick Lynn's cunt. She grabbed my head and rubbed it into her crotch as she began to buck her hips. I tasted her as she came. I moved back up her body licking as I went as she protested not to stop. 

When my now hard dick was at her crotch, I plunged into her. She moaned and wrapped her long slender legs around my waist. I looked up to see her husband between Mary's legs licking her as she squirmed happily. I looked at Kris who smiled at me as Jim's cum ran down her leg as she lifted off up from his body. She turned and gave him a long lingering kiss then moved over to Mike and began to play with his balls and cock. She guided him up Mary's body and helped slide his fat cock inside her. 

Kris sat and watched as he slid in and out while she continued to fondle his ball sack. Lynn clawed at my back and moaned. I kissed her neck as she whispered that I was making her cum. She sucked on my neck and ears. Mary was crying out loudly that she was cumming forcing me to look her way. 
