 Maria is a freshman in college, attending a prestigious University located in the center of the Midwest. Being an accounting major she had to bust her ass to make straight A's like she did in high school. Growing up in a small town on the out skirts of large city, Maria enjoyed the social life that college had to offer. In high school she was pretty shy and quiet, she had her close friends but never did anything bad like stay out all night or come home drunk. She was daddy's little girl, oldest of five other siblings she had to set a good example. Since the fall she had made many new friends and been to all sorts of parties all over town. Most of the time working on her homework or working at her part time job at a local dry cleaners kept her busy, except for maybe Friday or Saturday night when she might go off to a kegger for a few hours and hang out. 

Maria, being a cute Caucasian girl stands about five feet three inches tall. She has long straight blonde hair that went slightly past her shoulders, light aqua colored eyes, and because of a nearby tanning salon was very tan even in the winter time. Her face has high cheekbones and a little nose; you can easily tell she was of Swedish descent. Her body was better than average but she wasn't perfect cheerleader or dance team material. She weighs around one hundred and forty pounds. Having a bit of a tummy, some meaty thighs and a little jiggle her hips and her butt is a little bigger than she wished. Even so she wasn't bad to look at and got plenty of looks and cat calls on the weekends.

Still being a pretty shy person she didn't wear anything to revealing out into public, mostly University hoodies or some sort of sweater that covered up her C cup sized tits. She did like wearing her jeans nice and tight, which accented her ass. She hadn't met many guys except for the few on her floor; she had a boyfriend back home until about two weeks ago. She couldn't manage her time well enough between school and the relationship so they decided to go on a break. Maria was pretty sure it was for the best; her ex was a bit controlling and not very understanding. But taking a full load of classes she didn't think she had much time for boys yet.

Tonight was Thursday around eight PM, Maria had been studying all day for a big accounting test on Monday. The material was driving her nuts, luckily her roommate decided to go home early this weekend so Maria had the entire room to her self to relax. 

She just closed her business law textbook and tossed it onto the pile of books next to her backpack in the corner when a loud knock came from her closed door. She always closed her door when she studied otherwise people would always come in and bug her.

"Come in! Its unlocked." Said Maria looking up at the door.

"Anybody home?" asked a guy opening the door and peaking his head in from the hallway.

"Hey Josh, How are you?" asked Maria with a slight smile.

"Good, not to bad. Is it alright if me and Andy come in?" Asked Josh standing in the doorway.

"Sure I don't care. What are you guys doing tonight?" replied Maria.

"Well.... We got a bottle of Captain Morgan and an about half a case of Bud Light left from the other night." Said Josh shutting the door behind them.

"Where's the party at?" asked Maria with a laugh.

"Haven't found that out yet, you care if we have a couple here while we wait and see what's going on?" Asked Andy as he sat down on the bed in the dorm room.

"No, its ok. I don't care." Said Maria.

"Cool, you're an awesome girl." Said Josh as he winked at her and popped open a cold beer. "You want one? We got plenty."

"ummmm.... Yeah I do, but I have this dumb test tomorrow that's been driving me crazy so I better not." Said Maria in a disappointed tone.

"Come on Maria, one little beer isn't going to change a thing." Said Josh handing her a cold one.

Josh and Andy were both Caucasian guys, they lived in a room on the other side of the building. They liked to party as much as possible and knew tons of people. Maria and Josh had a couple classes together and always talked briefly but they had never really gotten to hang out. He was tall, had short dark brown hair, and was in real good shape from being on the basketball team. Maria thought he was pretty cute and was a little excited he was hanging out in her room. She didn't know Andy very well either, he was a bigger guy and usually more quiet than Josh but was about the same height. He had slightly shorter black hair and a trimmed goatee. Andy had just turned twenty-one a couple days ago and the two have been a pair of walking drunks since then. Maria thought he was kind of cute too.

"Ok, one beer." Said Maria with a smile. "I guess it won't kill me." Said Maria taking the can and opening it.

"Nah, you'll be fine. You get good grades anyway don't you?" asked Andy in-between sips.

"I try." Replied Maria right before taking a big chug from the Bud Light.

"Damn girl, If you keep drinking like that your going to need another one here in a second." Laughed Josh before taking another big sip.

"I know, it's just the way I drink beer I guess. Are you guys willing to share?" Joked Maria with a cute devilish smile.

"Sure, but you said you were only having one." Said Andy leaning back on the bed.

"I know, I am tonight. Maybe this weekend we should hang out and drink." Said Maria.

"Yeah definitely." Nodded Josh opening another can for himself. 

The three were just sitting their bullshitting and talking while Maria finished her beer quickly. Andy sat slouched on one of the beds, Josh sat on a big beanbag chair in the corner, and Maria was sitting in her computer chair. After a couple minutes ticked by she was tickled by the buzz of the alcohol. It wasn't long before she asked if she could have one more.

"Sure, but don't blame me later all right?" said Josh handing Maria another cold beer.

"Oh I wouldn't do that, I can handle my myself." Said Maria smiling as she opened the can while Andy rolled his eyes unnoticed.

"What's your favorite kind of beer?" asked Josh sitting back down on the beanbag chair.

"Definitely Bud Light." Replied Maria quickly.

"So you're a Bud Girl?" asked Andy.

"I am!" replied Maria a little excited. "I hope that's not bad?"

"No, its cool I love Bud Light too." Reassured Andy taking another sip.

"So where is your roommate? Is she out late?" Asked Josh looking around the room at pictures and all the girls' stuff. 

"She went home to Des Moines for the weekend. She left early." Said Maria between sips.

"Cool, so you get the room all to your self?" asked Andy.

"Yep, its all mine!" said Maria with that same cute devilish smile, which she directed towards Josh sitting in the corner.

"Awesome. Well do you care if we store some alcohol in your fridge this weekend? Because ours is full." Asked Andy.

"Um.... No, I don't care. There should be plenty of room. As long as you share!" said Maria pointing at her little refrigerator under the desk on the wall. 

"Of course were going to share." Said Josh calmly. 

"Thanks, you guys are fun you know that." Giggled Maria.

Josh laughed at Maria and glanced over at Andy. They could both tell Maria wasn't much of a drinker and was already feeling the alcohol hitting her. Andy returned the look with a slight nod. They also both noticed Maria looked real good tonight; She was wearing a Loose fitting black T-shirt and a very short jean skirt. Her legs and thighs were really tan and looked nice and smooth like she had just shaved them not too long ago. 

"How you doing on that beer?" asked Josh.

"Um... Actually I think I could use one more, but just one more." Said Maria.

Josh gave her another cold Bud Light. Maria drank the third one even fasted than the first two, and before she could even ask Josh handed her a fourth, and soon after that a fifth.

"How many beers are l-left?" stuttered Maria as she set down another empty can.

"Um... like four or five." Said Josh right before chugging what was left in his can.

"I see, th-thanks for letting me drink with you guys. That's been n-nice." Stuttered Maria with a tipsy smile on her face.

"I think your well on your way to getting drunk tonight." Laughed Andy who sat up from his reclined position on the mattress. 

"Me? No way!" giggled Maria. "That's why I need another beer." 

"How many is this for you now?" joked Josh giving her another full can.

"I don't know, six maybe, not that many." Said Maria taking a big first sip.

"Ok, just checking." Said Josh as he winked at her.

Maria smiled when she saw him wink at her and quickly looked away. It had been a long time since a boy liked her. She looked over at Andy who was just sitting on the bed smiling and drinking his beer. She took a couple more big swallows of the beer and tried to hide the dumb grin on her face.

"Let's put on some music." Said Maria "I feel like moving around or s-something." Stuttered Maria as she stood up and almost fell over. She laughed at herself while regaining her balance and slowly walked over to the stereo on the shelf. 

She turned on a crappy hip hop station and starting swaying her hips slightly to the beat as she turned up the radio. Both Andy and Josh noticed her shake her hips for a second.

"There you go girl, I like that!" shouted Josh from the other corner of the dorm room.

"What? The music? I love this song!" shouted Maria turning around.

"No, not that I was talking about how you were shaking your hips a second ago." Said Josh with a grin.

Maria was stunned for a second "Oh my god, I didn't even knew I d-did that." 

"You looked good." Said Andy.

"I did?" Asked Maria sounding surprised.

"Yeah, I bet you're a good dancer." Added Josh.

"Not really." Said Maria looking away blushing.

"C'mon dance for us, I bet you will look great." Asked Josh.

"No way! I can't dance!" Laughed Maria right before chugging the remainder of her beer.

"Sure you can, just move your hips a little like you did a second ago." Said Andy keeping his eyes on her.

"No, you guys are going to laugh at me if I do!" said Maria blushing.

"No way, C'mon dance for the rest of this song and you can another beer." Said Josh holding up another full can of Bud Light for her to see.

"Oh that's not fair! You're bribing me now!" Said Maria with a grin. "Let me have a shot of your Rum and I'll think about it."

"Alright, I forgot all about our bottle of the captain!" said Josh with a big smile.

Andy pulled a shot glass out from one of his pockets and poured Maria a shot of rum. She took it and swallowed it while gagging. She paused a moment and drank the rest of her beer as a chaser. She could definitely feel the room starting to spin, her head felt light and her entire body and mind was carefree. She wanted Josh to like her and think she was a cool girl to party with. So giving him a little bit of a strip tease might be the right thing to do. 

"How about it? Will you dance for us now? This is a good song." Said Josh with a smile.

"Sure, why not!" Giggled Maria setting the shot glass and beer down. 

"Alright, this is cool." Said Andy getting in a comfortable position on the bed.

Maria turned up the stereo a little more. Even though she had drank a lot she was still shy and nervous. She didn't want to look Josh in the face yet, afraid it might mess her up. Maria stayed facing the wall; she rubbed her hands over her thighs while slowly swaying her hips from side to side. She bent her knees and went lower and lower. Spreading her legs she kind of humped the floor while bouncing her shoulders to the beat of the Hip Hop. Maria swayed her butt from left to right faster with the music, and kept her legs spread wide. She caressed her smooth legs from her ankles to her thighs. Josh and Andy's eyes were glued on the short blonde girl in front of them. Her ass kept looking better and better to them as she swayed back and forth for them. She rubbed her hands all over her chest and thighs while swaying her entire body to the beat. Her blonde hair bounced off her shoulders as she shook her head from side to side. Maria knew she wasn't much of a dancer and felt like giving them a little more of a show. She continued her act by sticking her butt up higher locking her knees and then slowly lowering her head and shoulders to the floor in front of her. Her butt was sticking up high in the air giving both of the guys a great view of her plump butt cheeks and skimpy black thong under her short skirt. She slowly started bouncing her seductive butt to the music while swaying back and fourth, teasing Josh and Andy with every second. Maria, still facing the wall slowly got down on to her knees, hiked up her skirt around her waist, and spread her legs further apart. Showing them everything under her skirt. The black thong was tucked between her ass cheeks perfectly and just barely covering up her pussy lips. Even her butt cheeks were nicely tanned like the rest of her skin. Gyrating her ass to the beat and bouncing it up and down she knew that this show had to be getting Josh interested. She was enjoying it herself, being bent over on the floor, spreading her legs wide, and sticking her butt up in the air. Andy and Josh slapped each other's hand not looking away from Maria's bouncing booty. Another song came on over the stereo. She decided to move a little closer for the next part. Maria got up off the floor and turned around toward her smiling audience. She blushed and couldn't look either of them in the eyes.

"That was one hell of a show!" said Andy with a big grin.

"G-good, I'm glad you l-liked it. Its not over yet." Stuttered Maria with a smile as she clumsily walked over to the boys. 

"So what are you going to show us next?" asked Andy with his stupid grin.

"I d-don't know.... What would you guys want to s-see?" said Maria with a slight seductive smile avoiding eye contact.

"Well, your not wearing a bra under your T-shirt are you?" mentioned Josh sitting back on the beanbag.

"No, I'm not tonight." Said Maria after a moment, as her seductive smile grew larger.

"Then lets see your tits." Declared Andy sitting forward.

"J-just because I bent over and let you guys look up my skirt doesn't mean you get to see my boobs!" said Maria with a giggle.

"Awe come on Maria, you've got a great ass, I bet you have great tits too." Replied Josh.

"You like my butt?" She asked while blushing and giggling. 

"Oh yeah." Said both of the guys simultaneously. 

"Well, alright... for how long?" Asked Maria as she grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt with her hands.

"How about for the rest of this song?" replied Josh. "Its over in a minute or two, just flip up your shirt and bounce up and down a little."

"Ok...." Said Maria avoiding eye contact giggling getting ready to flip up her shirt.

"Yeah, you already showed us how well you can jiggle your ass, lets see your tits dance." Said Andy chuckling.

Maria started dancing again, standing still she swayed her body to the slow rhythm of the song. She moved her hands all over her chest and shoulders down to her thighs and butt. While swaying her blonde hair back and forth she grabbed her black shirt bottom and slowly started pulling it up. The boys watched as she unveiled her tan tummy and belly button ring, a small green butterfly. The shirt went up higher and uncovered her C cup breasts. Her tits were about the right size for her body, slightly saggy but large enough for a good handful. Maria's nipples were a little larger than the size of a quarter and nicely tanned to match the rest of her smooth skin.

Maria tucked the bottom of her T-shirt under chin and kept dancing, letting her titties bounce up and down as she moved to the music. The beer had really kicked in and she was getting into her show. She squeezed her naked tits and pushed them together making real nice cleavage. Even though Maria had a potbelly and some meaty thighs she looked good dancing drunk and topless in her skimpy short skirt. Her tits bounced around until the song ended, Josh and Andy clapped as the song was near its end. She giggled at their excitement and let her shirt fall down covering up her boobs. 

"See that wasn't too bad." Said Josh, winking at Maria.

"No it w-wasn't to bad was it?" Said Maria still slightly shaking her thighs to the music in the background. 

"So now what Maria, What else can you do for us tonight?" asked Andy with a lot of interest.

"Yeah, I agree I need to see some more too." Said Josh.

"Well, You guys can't see much with this on!" said Maria as she unbuttoned and unzipped her jean skirt, dropped it to the floor, and kicked it away to the side with her left foot.

She was now wearing only her thong and t-shirt and the guys loved it. Their smiles grew ear to ear as they gazed at Maria wearing her tight black thong. She noticed they both had boners in their pants. It made her giggle. She then got back in her routine and turned around putting her back to Josh, she bent forward a little and gave him a nice close look at her meaty tanned butt. 

"I like this." Chucked Josh as he glanced over at a very jealous Andy.

Then she sat her ass down in his lap and started slowly grinding her crouch on the bulge in his pants. Josh put his hands on her hips and helped her grind. She dry humped him faster and faster until the song ended. Josh moved his hands under her shirt and up to her tits and gently squeezed them feeling her nipples with his fingertips. Her tits were very soft. Maria liked grinding herself on his bulge and having his hands on her body. Josh thought she looked real good in her tight thong. He knew she was into him if he played his cards right he might get lucky.

"You like feeling me up don't you?" asked Maria blushing with a smile sitting in Josh's lap.

"Oh yeah, why don't you let us both feel you up tonight?" said Josh nodding at Andy lying on the bed.

Maria thought for a moment. " Ok, why not? Its nothing too serious."

She got off of Josh and stumbled over to put her butt in Andy's lap this time. He reached around and grabbed her titties too before she started dry humping the bulge in his pants. Andy started planting little kisses on her shoulder while she gave him the lap dance, she liked it. Maria slowly and forcefully rubbed her crotch back and forth in his lap. He was feeling her up under her shirt and also squeezing her ass cheek in his lap. She looked up at Josh who was smiling. He came over and sat on the bed next to them. She stayed in Andy's lap for a few more minutes and let him kiss her neck and squeeze her tits some more. Riding the bulge in Andy's pants was making her even hornier. She decided to move over and sit down in between the two of them. Josh immediately put his arm around her and started kissing her neck. She liked that a lot and without hesitation moved her face near his and started kissing him. Andy was sitting to her left and started kissing the other side of her neck and caressing her left breast while Josh was making out with her and squeezing her right breast under her t-shirt. She was getting very horny with them both kissing and touching her, the alcohol was really kicking in and she loved every moment of it. She knew what she was doing was naughty, and unlike anything she had ever done in the past. She had never messed around with two guys at the same time and she never imagined she would before tonight. Josh was kissing her passionately, His tongue and hers danced in each other's mouths. Evidently her strip show and ass jiggling did the trick. 

Josh's hand stopped from groping her right tit and slowly moved it down to in between her legs. He started rubbing her outside of her thong; his fingertips were stroking her in exactly the right place. Maria hadn't been touched there for over a month, and she very much liked Josh's hand rubbing her pussy through her thong. She spread her legs apart wider giving Josh an easier access to massage her vagina. Josh could tell Maria was receptive to what he was doing by the way she was intensely kissing him. He continued rubbing her crouch while Andy groped her tits and kissed her neck. After a few minutes her clit was getting moist and Josh slipped his hand underneath her thong panties and slowly inserted the tip of his index finger into Maria's wet pussy. She moaned slightly as he pushed the small finger inside her and began finger fucking her. Andy pulled her shirt up, revealing her soft breasts and started kissing them. His tongue felt nice as it licked and teased her nipples. Josh's finger felt so good as it slowly penetrated her. She moaned gently while he banged her, each time he pushed his finger in deeper and deeper into her moist pussy. Her pussy was tight and Josh took his time. In a few minutes she was getting very wet and Josh pushed both his index and pointer finger inside her deeply. Maria moaned like a whore as the fingers pumped in an out of her cunt. She moved her lips away from Josh and looked down at Andy who was sucking on her naked tits. She moaned a little louder as Josh sped up the banging pace and Andy looked up from her tits. He had left an impressive hickey on Maria's left breast but she didn't mind. He moved his lips close to hers and they started making out. She sighed in between kisses and her eyes were starting to roll back in her head due to Josh's handy work. This continued for several more minutes, Maria's head was spinning and she breathed deeply as Josh's fingers slammed her damp pussy. She pulled her lips away from Andy for a moment and looked over at Josh. She gave him a seductive glare as she undid his jeans and pulled his hard cock out and immediately started gently stroking the shaft of his penis. She smiled at him and looked back at Andy, he stood up and pulled his pants and underwear down for her. She smiled again and started fondling his penis with her other hand. Their pricks were both rock hard and about six inches long. She was glad to see the pair of cocks were both circumcised. Maria liked jerking them both off at the same time; she had never felt like such a little slut. She rubbed the shafts from the head all the way down to their balls; it was hard for her to concentrate on their dicks while Josh was banging her with his fingers. 
