 ***** Edited by Gustavca

Note; fair warning for my very strict heterosexual male readers; one of the scenes could be... hmmm, disquieting for you. 




As usual I woke up first on this Sunday morning. Memories from last night's fun with Nella and Kate were still fresh in my mind. Despite the second very intense fuck I'd given to Kate, I still feel that I still hadn't fully, hmm, experienced her. Well, I thought to myself, something else to look forward to! 

One solitary coffee later, I heard someone else waking up and saw Eleanor coming out of her room. Her long blonde tresses were all wild and tousled, but this disheveled look worked for her. She was only wearing a smile and the same white nightgown that she'd worn on Midsummer. This morning the sun was not angled right so it did not make it transparent. But as Eleanor walked directly to me and we hugged each other, I knew it didn't matter much. We stayed in each other's arms for a long while, in perfect silence. I was profoundly relaxed, enjoying this moment and the smell of marjoram that seemed to come out of her skin. She, on the other hand, took a deep breath and smelled my coffee. 

In the kitchen, looking at me while sipping her coffee, leaning against the counter, she smiled. In the silence she said, very softly, "What am I going to do with you, Will?"

"Well," I said, clearing my throat, "I have a few ideas..."

She noticed my smile and got my message. "Oh I know that, and I have plenty of ideas myself..." After grinning at me, she continued, her smile suddenly softer, mellower. "That's not what I meant. Right now I'd like nothing more than spend this morning all alone with you, cuddled in front of the fire, sipping our coffee. Even back home, I often feel like calling you just to talk about anything, and every evening it rained during autumn, for some obscure reason, all I wanted was to go out and walk with you under an umbrella..." After a pause, "Is that bad?"

I didn't know what to say, really, and I simply walked to her and took her in my arms again. Then, as I had to reply, I said, "I don't know... How are things with Tim?"

"Tim? They're great... No, it's not that at all. At Midwinter we had just had a rough patch, but now we're really good. No, my problem is you!" she said, laughing softly. "I recently learned that I could fuck and really like a lot of people... In fact, " she said with a coy smile, "if we do end up fucking before the trip is done, you wouldn't even be the second man after my husband..." 

We laughed at that, dispelling some of the tension. "But I didn't think I could feel... all that other stuff for more than one person." 

I released her from my arms and looked at her, a bit surprised. "You didn't know you could love more than one person?"

"No, apparently not," she paused, savoring her coffee for a while. "I mean, I knew, rationally, that it was possible, but I had never felt it since Tim and I hooked up. I even had this crazy romantic notion that our marriage was some kind of protection from falling in love with other people," she laughed, a bit embarrassed about this naïve notion.

"And when we each said 'I love you' six months ago..." I said, before she finished my sentence.

"...everything changed. I think I realized since, and I'm realizing right now as we talk about it, that love can both mean many things and can take many forms." A slight pause, then, looking straight into my eyes, "I love you, Will. And as you said back then, I don't know what it means either. I know I want to build my life with Tim and would be ready to sacrifice just about anything to be with him. Yet if you and I couldn't see each other anymore for some reason, it would hurt bad. Really bad."

Taking a deep breath, I walked back to her and took her in my arms again. I didn't seem to be able to stop doing that. "Lucky for us that Midsummer gave us all this." We both looked around at the many closed bedroom doors, smiling. "Regular friends could have rented this huge suite for themselves. A group of swingers or Dionysian orgy fanatics could have as well!" She laughed at this strange image. "But I think we're becoming something much more interesting than simple friends, lovers or Dionysians..." 

"Yes, we are..." she said, smiling. 

Still in my arms, Eleanor looked up and kissed me. Between long breathless episodes, she managed to whisper, "What would you have done... when you and Nella came to visit us... if I had dared to do what Hope did in the jacuzzi?" 

I laughed, completely disillusioned about the possibility of keeping things secrets in our group. "You mean simply getting up and impaling yourself on me in front of both our spouses? So far from Midsummer?"

"Yep. Well, we were very close to the equinox, maybe that counts..."

"Hmm. I guessed I would have grabbed your ass..." and so I did as I was saying it, through the very thin fabric of her gown, "and I would have guided you right above my cock and pushed you all the way down."

She groaned and moaned through another kiss, and suddenly jumped in my arms, wrapping her legs around my waist. A few movements later her gown was pulled up, meaning my boxers were the only thing between my hard cock and her pussy. As I felt her sex molding and pushing itself around me, a deep thrill of long delayed and postponed pleasure shook me. 

Eleanor whispered, "Say that again, Will..."

"I would have guided you right in..."

But as I began, we heard about four different iphone alarms going off at the same time. The official breakfast was coming and our late-morning friends didn't want to be late. It was, after all, why we were all here... After last night's revelations, Eleanor and I probably could have fucked right there, as people would have been coming in, but I don't think either of us wanted our first time to be like that. 

"Will, " Eleanor said breathless, "We're going to fuck properly soon. But right now I just want to feel your big cock all the way inside me once. Just once. After all, I still don't have that dildo of yours to play with..." 

This time I was the one who groaned out loud, yet laughing at her comment. Eleanor, grinning, breathing hard, reached down with one hand and pulled out my cock. A second later her hot and moist pussy lips were on, then around, then all the way down my shaft. We could have moved to the secluded kitchen, fucked hard and fast. We didn't. We simply kissed again, hard, as our bodies were trying to get the few remaining fractions of inches inside her. The feeling of her pussy lips stretched and spasming around the very base of my cock was wondrous. 

Noises from the rooms made us stop and Eleanor jumped down. Momentarily I felt like a thing ripped apart, both physically and emotionally. Smiling at her, I whispered, "There's no way I'm leaving this place without fucking you so bad that you'll be seeing stars for hours..." Looking at me, her skin flushed red, it looked like she would jump back on me right there. She didn't. 

"Can't wait." she managed in a very throaty voice. 

Despite everything she still looked like an innocent angel, with her long blonde hair and flawless white gown. Nobody would see that her juices were dripping down her thighs. I, on the other hand, was another story. I don't have a really huge cock, but I'm still pretty well endowed and right now I was rock hard. My boxers and t-shirt didn't stand a chance. I ran to the bathroom to be the first, and noticed that Eleanor was laughing as she watched the ungainly pole that preceded me by a few inches. 

As I started the shower and undressed, I heard her whisper, through the door, "Imagine what my gown would look like in the shower if I joined you..." Oh the little bitch. She was going to get it so bad... I heard her laughing as she fled back to her room. As it turned out Nella didn't join me either as she sometime does. If she had, I think I would have taken her on the spot until she screamed for all our friends to hear. Instead I remained alone and willed myself not to masturbate. I knew I would have much better use of this sexual energy. I wasn't wrong. 

The official breakfast with the people from the company was just that: official. And boring. I'm pretty sure I wasn't the only one making the best of this time. At one point I had my hand down Nella's panties while Hope was giving me as good a nice footjob as she could manage from across the table. When the long breakfast finally ended, it was time to hit the springs. 

Finally we were here in the hot springs. It's one of the places I've been wanting to see since we landed (well, that and Rinette's ass, Hope's breasts, etc...) and here we were. Us. And a whole lot of other people, actually. Without really thinking about it we kind of expected the place to be deserted, or to at least find a spot were we could be alone, hopefully naked. The place wasn't exactly packed, but try as we might we couldn't find a secluded spot. Until the fog came along. 

How can you get fog in hot springs where the air is already foggy? I sure as hell don't know. Ask the Icelanders! In any case, the springs emptied in a matter of minutes as something that can't be described as anything other than a thick, slow wave of fog simply rolled in over us. Visibility and temperature dropped and sounds got muted. It felt as if we had entered another realm of Gaelic myth. We were all still here, the ten of us, pretty much alone in this alien world. 

Kate was the first among us to realize that this is exactly what we had hoped for. Before we could even be surprised, a few spandex knots were untied and her bikini was discarded on a rock. We didn't need any other guidance and our suits, trunks and bikinis joined hers. At first we could see about thirty yards away, but soon that distance shrunk to a small bubble. In the eerie silence we felt this solstice energy rekindling again. We were all looking at each other, sometimes in the eyes, and we knew that this morning was going to be another special moment. 

What happened next looked like an accident for about two seconds. While we were all haphazardly grouped together, the five women started moving at the same time, giving one of us a long hug. They all seemed to know where they were going as nobody tried to hug the same man, and soon enough we all started laughing. Clearly, the girls had something like this all planned out and I was reminded of Rinette's comment about how the women in our group were in control. 

Before I could fully understand that Hope was finally in my arms, naked as she always should be, my cock wasn't wasting any time; I could already feel it hardening against her soft belly as the red patch of fine hairs on her mound was tickling my glans. She slipped her arms out from under mine and lifted them up until they wrapped around my neck. Pulled upwards by the motion, her breasts seemed to come alive against my own skin; two ever present, ever defying globes of flesh each several pounds heavy with arrogant lust. And they were all mine again, finally, after so long a wait. The feeling that overran my mind as my hands closed around and into that flesh was a strange mixture of relief and painful pleasure. 

Intoxicated as I already was, I was only dimly aware that we were all moving slightly away from each other in the fog, yet not disappearing completely. Within minutes, muffled sounds of flesh hitting flesh could be heard above the fizz of the bubbles when Hope jumped up without warning. My hands reflexively caught her and my cock, just as reflexively, sprang up, only to be trapped between our bellies. 

I would have given anything to slip inside her at once, but Hope had other ideas. "Slip your hands under my ass from inside." At first I didn't understand what she meant, but as she clung to my neck and raised her legs, I got the message. Slipping between my belly and her thighs, I grabbed her ass. "Now, lover, hang tight and push me up. I want to feel your tongue inside me, and we can't lay down in the water..." I laughed, then pushed her upwards. A second later she was sitting on my shoulders and my tongue was buried in her pussy. 

It wasn't the best position and breathing became complicated but I didn't care. Her spicy juices were all over my face, mouth and tongue, and I was drinking her in. She was doing her best to stay still, but I had to work to keep us standing up. Her hands on my head, my own on her ass, I was feasting on her pussy like a starving man. Soon, way too soon, nearly as quickly as she had gotten up, she was pulling back and falling into my arms. 

While licking her own juices on my face, kissing me in the process, she said, "I have a feeling that your cock needs attention too. Are you strong enough to twist me around?" Once more I was dumbfounded, but as she began moving in my arms, it quickly became obvious that she wanted to do a 69 while standing up. Acrobatic sex isn't my favorite style, but, again, I didn't care. Hope impaled her head on my cock even before being settled on my shoulders. As I moaned in pleasure, Hope was a fantastic cock sucker, I felt her second thigh securing itself on my shoulder. Once more her pussy was in my mouth, with a much better access. 

I didn't feel like being gentle, and judging by Hope's intensity down below, neither did she. I dove in tongue forward and plowed her pussy as deeply as I could. Ever in danger of falling over, I let my body steady itself and abandoned myself in this strange 69. When my nose touched her asshole as I dove deep, I suddenly had flashes of Rinette's ass as I ate her. Throwing all consideration and hesitation to the fog, I let my tongue dart up to flick her anus once. 

When Hope tensed up I had a brief moment of alarm. Had I gone too far too soon? My fears were assuaged soon enough. Hope pushed herself away from my cock for a moment, only to laugh and resume. I didn't know what to make of this, so I dove back into her pussy and enjoyed the thrill ride. As I pushed her up a bit to find a better position, I felt my cock move in deeper into her mouth and realized just how vulnerable Hope was in this position. If I released my hold of her just slightly, I would drive my cock all the way inside and deepthroat her. As wild as Hope was, I'm pretty sure she wouldn't appreciate that.

Later she pulled away from me again and whispered, "I want you inside me. Deeper than your tongue can go." Moments later we had managed to turn her around and she ended up with her legs wrapped around my waist again. 

As Hope fumbled between us to guide my cock inside her, I looked and saw Nella bent forward above a large rock. Behind her, Timothy was just about ready to slip his cock inside my wife. This sight was one of the strangest moments of my life as once more my mind was overwhelmed by powerful and twisting emotions: jealousy, pleasure, guilt and, the strangest and most pleasing one, envy. As lucky as I was, with my cock moments away from Hope's cinnamon pussy, I found that I was envious of Timothy for fucking my wife. Nella looked up and returned my smile before saying, very loudly, "Fuck that pussy!" Was she talking to Tim or to me? I never got to know because at the same time, laughing, Hope found the angle and released her arms' death grip on my neck. 

After so many months, teasing letters and pictures, not to mention the frustrating previous days, my cock as finally buried again inside Hope's pussy. With my feet planted in the soft mud as firmly as possible, I took hold of her ass and the two of us quickly found a rhythm. We had all day, really, to enjoy this as long as possible. 

We didn't take all day. Hope felt like a tempest in my arms, and I was bewildered by her intensity. She seemed to be driving towards a first climax at the speed of sound. Clearly she still felt quite acrobatic and started to pull back while fucking me. At one point she grabbed my arms for better leverage and leaned back until she was at a ninety degree angle. "Hold me tight again, lover!" with this she pulled her legs from behind me and placed her feet against my belly. As she was holding me hard on my arms, and me around her hips, we found a new rhythm, slower but deeper, strangely reminiscent of a perfectly regular cowgirl position. Yet this was anything but regular. We were standing up, fucking in a deep hot-spring fog while my wife was being fucked by another man and Hope's own husband was likely fucking another woman. Nothing about all of this was normal or regular. Nothing except the shared, raw pleasure. 

Hope's first climax surprised her even more than it did me. Soon after we started enjoying this position I felt Hope's entire body become a lot hotter than usual. Her cinnamon turned to embers, then to flame. As she started to grind her pussy against my pelvic bone with each of my thrust, she said, "Don't you dare stop!" she groaned, looking up at me. "I wanna be the first to—" She never finished. Instead her climax hit her, hard, and she let everyone know by moaning and shouting it out loud. 

As we heard laughter from all around us, because Hope had indeed been the first to climax, I felt my own pleasure threatening to overflow. But, pushing completely off of me and jumping down in the water, Hope said, "Not so fast, Will... I can cum as often as I like during a day, and you can't." Grinning, teasing yet kneeling down in front of me, she continued, "Let's slow this down a bit..." With this she spat on my cock and began a delicious massage. One hand, then the other, than a few pecks of her lips, then her tongue, then mouth. Lubricated by her juices and her spit, my cock felt like it had penetrated a soft, creamy hot spring of rapture. 

I realized then that I hadn't said a single word since the fog and Hope hit me. I was her willing puppet, once more barely able to follow her lead. Now, enjoying this suddenly slower pace, I looked up and tried to see through the fog. All I got was flashes of couples enjoying this surreal place and moment. I saw Nella once again, still bent forward in front of Timothy, and was reminded of our couple of days with him and Eleanor. Had Nella shared with him something similar to my kiss with Eleanor? Further, Rinette and Marcus were locked in a less acrobatic version of what Hope and I had shared. Next I saw Eleanor kneeling on all fours with Connor plowing her pussy. At least I think it was her pussy. Finally Kate who was riding Lincoln in a reverse cowgirl in a clearly shallower spot. The fog fell again and they all disappeared. All except, Hope who was doing her best to keep me in a near orgasmic plateau of pleasure. 

Her mouth and hands were now joined by her breasts. As she rose and flexed back down, trapping my cock between her globes of flesh, I felt like I was going to overload. Slowly. When she felt me trying to fuck her breasts she looked up, grinned naughtily and shook her head. It seemed that I was headed for a slow cooking, a long, drawn out pleasure marathon. It wasn't all that bad. I could actually see myself growing old right there, nestled between Hope's stupendous breasts. I thought about hiding my climax to surprise her, giving her the pearl necklace she deserved or simply trying to force a change in rhythm. I thought about a lot of options and possible futures branching from this magnificent present. None of them materialized. 

Instead, Connor materialized out of the fog, his cock as rampant as mine had been this morning. Kneeling down behind his wife he grabbed her hips and pulled her against him. Looking back with a grin, Hope fell on all fours and I spread my feet wide, allowing her to resume her blowjob. 

So here I was, without warning, in my very first threesome with another man. The thrill I felt as I took in our scene was heart-pounding. Connor was a big man and didn't feel like taking his wife gently. If my heart was pounding hard, it was nothing compared to the pounding Hope was getting. Nothing brutal or violent. Just on the edge of ferocity. Taking it as if she was used to it, Hope was still working her magic, doing wonders on my cock. 
