 Need A Hand?

I was mowing Sue’s back yard for her, sweat running freely down my tanned naked body. Nude except for sneakers of course, it would be stupid to operate a lawn mower barefoot. Sue, my sexy next door neighbor, and Andy, her boyfriend, watched intently from their lounge chairs. My stiff bald shaft throbbed and bounced with each step I took; my exhibitionistic bent had my cock near bursting for release. 

Sue was relatively demure in her green knit bikini bottoms, her top discarded to reveal heavy sun bronzed breasts. Her short blonde hair framed her pretty face and dark shades, and her smile expressed her enjoyment of my show. Hell, she was also getting her lawn mowed. What’s not to appreciate? She lay on the lounge with her thighs slightly parted, reminding me, teasing me, torturing me with the knowledge of what lie hidden beneath the remainder of her bikini. 

Andy, on the other hand, was a bit more demonstrative in his expression of appreciation. None of his clothes were anywhere to be seen and his swollen root jutted proudly up from below his flat belly. Andy fisted his bloated meat slowly as he watched me work, his eyes never wavering from my young hard cock. Thank god it was small back yard, most of it being the swimming pool, for I wouldn’t have been able to withstand the self imposed torture much longer. My body ached with need and my cock was literally drooling with the all-consuming lust I always developed when naked for an audience.

Finally, mercifully, I completed the lawn and switched the machine off, creating a sudden blissful silence. As I turned toward Sue and Andy my cock bumped up against the handle of the mower, reinforcing my overwhelming need. I stood for a moment facing my friends, sliding the underside of my cockhead and shaft along the padded grip, the need for contact, any contact on my rigid member obvious. Andy moaned slightly at my blatant action, his fist still firmly grasping his own tool as he sat up. 

While Andy was thoroughly aroused by his lover Sue, he was equally as turned on at the sight of my smoothly shaven young cock. I don’t think that the rest of my body did anything for him, he certainly wasn’t a ‘mo nor was I. However any attention paid to my nearly constantly erect member at that age, eighteen or nineteen was more than welcomed and Andy was always more than willing to attend to it.

Sue curled a finger toward me, beckoning me closer. I tore myself away from the mower and approached, barely able to keep my hand off of my now dripping member. She reached down between the two chairs, retrieved the bottle of baby oil standing there and handed it to Andy. He flipped open the cap and was about to anoint his eager meat with the silky lube when Sue reached out, grabbed his wrist and stopped him. “No” she said. 

“No?” he asked, need in his voice.

“No” she repeated. “Use it on Tom.” I was now standing between the two chaises they were seated on. My cock throbbed and my breath caught in my throat at hearing Sue’s demands. I turned toward Andy, who swung his legs over the edge of the chair to face me. My hardon was right about at eye level to him, and when he reached out a finger to capture a drop of precum from my cockhead, I let out an involuntary moan. He wrapped his thumb and index finger around my shaft just below the head, where he knew I loved it, and jacked me lightly. This time my moan was louder.

“Oh yeah Andy” I groaned, head back, hands on hips, “oh yes. Just like that.” I heard the scrape of Sue’s chair being pushed back, and soon felt her warm body pressed behind me. Her hard nipples scraped my back, surrounded by the soft mounds of her breasts. Her breath tickled my ear.

“I love to see my man with your cock in his hand” she purred. She took my hand from my hip, pulled it between us and guided it past her smooth belly to the junction of her parted thighs. My hand encountered no fabric, only silken shaved skin. She had lost the bikini bottoms at some point. “See how wet it makes me?” she whispered, still guiding me toward her pussy. Together, our entwined fingers found the hard bulge of her clit poking from beneath the steamy folds and rubbed gently. “Andy” she said sharply, “stop teasing Tom’s cock and stroke it.”

Andy looked up at us and squeezed my shaft firmly. “Is that what you want Tommy?” he asked me. “”D’you want me to stroke your cock?”

“Mmm yes” I managed, “I want you to stroke my cock. Please. Jack my cock.” I was nearly begging. With a nip on my ear, Sue pulled away and knelt between Andy and me. She took her lovers hand from my aching erection, turned it over and poured a pool of oil into his palm. She then dumped a generous stream onto my shaft, and replaced Andy’s hand where she had found it. I was practically shaking with need by the time Andy closed his fist around my greased hardon. The first slippery strokes were like heaven. “Ohh fuck yes Andy” I moaned, “oh man that feels soo good.” Andy pumped my cock with long slow strokes, from the base to the head and back again. His practiced fingers milked and squeezed as he worked me, every few strokes lingering just below my cockhead to pay specific attention to that incredibly sensitive ridge. My breath was coming in ragged gasps now and I put a hand on Andy’s shoulder to steady myself. 

Sue stood. “Look at me Tom” she said. “Look at me while my lover strokes your cock.” My lust filled gaze took in her sexy mature body, her generous pink nippled breasts, the slight swell of her belly, her full hips and her bald thick lipped cunt. Andy’s pumping hand sped up on my cock, the oil slurping between his fist and my swollen flesh. This was a moment to be savored and only the fact that I had jacked off a couple of times that morning saved me from erupting in Andy’s fist right then. His left hand had dropped down to his own hard shaft and he was stroking himself slowly as he attended to me.

I knew from experience that Andy was ambidextrous. So many times in the months before we had sat naked, side by side on the sofa, masturbating, our eyes glued to each other’s technique. Invariably, Andy would slip a hand into my lap and wrap his fingers around my erection. Sometimes we’d stroke my cock together, both of our hands sliding around on my hardon, him tending to the base and the shaft, me working the sensitive head. I’d try to return the favor, of course, but my left hand was useless as a masturbatory device. ‘Relax and enjoy it’, he’d tell me. ‘There’ll be plenty of time for me later.’ So I’d let Andy do both of our cocks, him pumping his own shaft rhythmically in time with the beating he was administering to mine. On the occasions when he got himself off first, he’s switch hands on my cock, and stroke me with his hot, slippery cum soaked fist. The feeling of his talented ultra slick fist riding up and down my straining shaft never failed to send me over the edge in no time, and added my own spew to the mess he already was wearing. 

Our cock stroking techniques were somewhat different. I favored long, slow, varying pressure strokes, while Andy was a pump the head hard and fast kind of guy, though through practice we each became adept at jacking each other with the preferred method. I was always naked when I was at home, and never reluctant to give myself a stroking whenever the need (or my cock) arose, which was quite frequently. It was such a pleasure to be openly horny with a friend. We were guys after all, and guys like to stroke their cocks. I know I sure do.

Most days after work, Andy would wander over. Sometimes we’d just shoot the breeze, watch baseball, football, whatever sport was on, the fact that we were naked a non-issue. More often, we’d be hanging out and one or both of our cocks would stiffen. Usually it was the domino theory, my growing hardon would produce a sympathetic reaction in Andy’s tool. We’d head for the sofa or wherever was convenient, and get ourselves or each other off. There were times, mainly weekends, when we’d make a day of it, my cock remaining hard for hours on end. Andy got most of his practice in on those occasions, his need for my hardon directly proportionate to my need to feel his hand stroking it. 

Sue had by this time, moved behind Andy and knelt on the chaise. It was his turn to feel the voluptuous naked woman at his back. His heightened aroused was conveyed to me by the added tempo of his fist on my cock. I moaned through the nearly overwhelming sensation, barely willing myself to prolong the pleasure. When Sue took his hand off of his cock and guided it to my smooth balls, I knew that the end was near. His talented fingers cupped and weighed my sack and I spread my legs to allow him all the access he desired. “Ohh shit Andy” I groaned through clenched teeth. “stroke my cock….ahh yes…your hand feels soo good on my hard cock….jack me off…mmm you’re so good…pump it….milk my cock…..I’m gonna cum in your hand….you’re gonna make me cum Andy…you’re soo good at stroking my cock…” 

Sue was humping her pussy on Andy’s back and obviously near cumming herself. “Stroke it, baby, stroke that hard cock…” she was moaning into his ear. “You love feeling that hard bald cock in your hand, don’t you baby?”

I was now thrusting my bloated meat into Andy’s slippery fist, barely conscious of my surroundings. “Fuck my hand Tommy” Andy said. “Fuck my hand while I jack you off…I’m gonna make you cum…I’m gonna milk the cum right out of this cock….I’m gonna pump these balls dry…you love it when I jack you off…tell me.. tell me how much you love to feel my hand on your cock.”

I couldn’t move for a moment. All I could manage was to feel Andy’s expert hand doing everything he knew I loved to my cock. He teased the head on every upstroke, sliding his palm right off of my cock and grasping, squeezing the ridge on the way down. Long slow slurping strokes had me trying to bury my shaft in his fist; the short fast two fingered attacks on the head had me howling with pleasure. 

“Don’t stop Andy…ohh don’t ever stop…feel how hard you made my cock….mmm I love it when you stroke my cock….you’re hand feels soo good…you stroke my cock soo well…just like that….mmm Andy I’m gonna cum…..I’m gonna cum in your hand….” I held onto Andy’s shoulders with both hands, my body barely able to support itself. Sue sucked one of my fingers into her mouth and came hard, biting down on me. With two of his fingers Andy grasped the base of my cock, the others were busy caressing my hanging balls. His right hand continued the unrelenting assault on my hardon. It was all I could take. “Mmmm yess…” I moaned. “You’re making me cum Andy…I’m cumming in your hand….ahhhh yes….” 

Spasms shook through me as I came, moans wracked me, punctuated each and every shot that flew from my erupting shaft. He pointed my wildly spewing cock downward, and much of my hot cum coated his now throbbing member. True to his word, Andy milked every last drop from my overflowing balls, my thick white jizz flowing down his slowly pumping fist for a good minute after the final blast. 

I stumbled back and collapsed on the chaise, gasping for breath and wondering if I’d ever feel my toes again. I may have blacked out briefly, I can’t be sure. My next conscious memory was the sight of Andy’s hugely aroused cum dripping cock directly at my eye level. I knew I had to return the favor.