  Author's Note:   This is not a romance. The following contains MF, FFFF, Mature, Anal, Interracial, Exhibition/Voyeur, spanking, masturbation, fetishes, and "blinks" of different races and acts of sex. If any of this offends you, don't read. Comments are welcomed, but only those that leave comments that are worthy of being read are kept. If you wish to bash the work and not offer constructive criticism in a respectful way, then expect your comment to be deleted. This story was entered in the 2006 Nude Day Contest, please vote if you feel the need, but above all enjoy this very naughty write that isn't my usual style, but I had fun. ~ Red

*

Carrie stared out at the ocean; the view from her one-bedroom villa was astounding. The ocean waves lapped at the sand and the beaches glittered in the sunlight. The scene before her was unlike any she'd seen anywhere else, but then again the thirty-three-year-old divorcee hadn't seen a lot from the window of her two story home. What amazed her more than anything was the fact she was even here. 

Her husband had left her for another woman and Carrie had been devastated. She had signed papers, ending her twelve-year marriage and then in the arms of another, a part of her was awakened. Though they both cared for each other, it wasn't love. When they parted ways romantically, Carrie had left with a sense of self. She was a new woman and her former lover helped her experience, many new things. This trip was his reward to her, his gift, he called it. 

When she'd read, the brochure and the rules concerning clothing her jaw had dropped. Tanner had taken her hand and squeezed it, reminded her how she would become aroused when they made love in his outdoor pool or had sex in public places, not to mention her desire to walk around his place and hers naked; he explained this was his way of thanking her and helping her to explore this need to expose herself to the world. After dinner and lovemaking, she asked him if he'd go with her. He declined telling her that it was time they ended their intimacies. He was interested in a woman from work; he thought she could be "the one." A week later he waved goodbye to her and she was on a plane heading to the nudist resort. 

Nudity was encouraged throughout the entire resorts facilities, all the time. There were no street clothes allowed, so when she did arrive at her destination and received her villa's key, she slipped all her clothes off and sat down on her large king bed. It took her sometime to work up the nerve to approach the window that faced the ocean. Now anyone could see her and her imperfections. Tanner told her what she called imperfections were what many men loved, large breasts, round ass and just enough around her tummy that a man knows he's holding a woman. That was when she started parading herself in front of him. He couldn't keep his hands off her. 

Someone passed her window and she jumped back.

"Shit," she muttered, her breath caught in her chest. She was scared they'd seen her, but she shook off the thought and told herself to enjoy her vacation. No one was perfect, not even super models. She left her villa and her flip flops were the only thing on her body, with the exception of a pair of earrings. 

The first thing she did was head to the beach. She wanted to slide into the water and hide. She walked past other nude guests. There were people littering the sand and the water. Eventually a part of her relaxed and she told herself two things. One was, if ladies of all shapes and sizes could do this, then so could she. Another thing she told herself, was no one knew her on this beach and so what they thought would not stop her from having a good time. 

She stepped into the water and proceeded to walk further into the cool liquid. She dove in and swam out a good distance from the beach. There she tread water and watched couples as well as individuals enjoy the hot morning. Her gaze glanced over a pair of bronzed bodies and she let herself focus on them for several minutes. She was lost in the movements of the man's hands sliding across the woman's shoulders as he covered her with sun screen when all of a sudden she was pushed from behind. 

She swam a short distance and then turned around in the water. A rush of lust slammed into her as she took in the chiseled features of another nudist. "Sorry," she quickly said, noticing he'd stopped swimming and was staring back at her. 

He made a funny face and asked, "For what? I slammed into you." He reached for her and she jerked back. She blushed when she saw him retrieve a volleyball that had gotten pulled out to sea. 

"First time?" he asked and then shouted for the folks on the beach. He launched the ball and it was then that she realized he had to have been standing on the ocean floor, because he was very sure in his movements. 

"How tall are you?" she asked. "Sorry, that was rude." 

He chuckled. "Rude? Asking how tall I am is rude? I'm six-six." He laughed at her jaw dropping stare and pushed her mouth closed with two fingers pushing on her chin. "Now that reaction was rude." 

"Sor . . . " 

"Stop! Don't say it." He laughed and angled his head to the right and then left. "You're five-four, right?" 

She blinked rapidly. "How'd you do that?" 

"I saw ya swim in." He winked and watched her laugh. "I was the one that threw the volleyball out here too." 

"Oh, smooth move there, "she said. "My name's Carrie." 

"Justin," he answered back. "So Carrie you're a virgin to the resort and I am not, want to be my guest for tonight's activities?" 

"You're sure your wife won't mind?" she asked. 

"Smooth move there Carrie. I don't have a wife. I don't have a steady girlfriend either. I am not attached though I come here with a ready libido and an appetite to match it." 

"My libido needs stroked, my appetite is famished and I'm not attached either." 

Justin winked and swam closer to her. "I can take care of all three of your needs in one day." 

She laughed and added, "I'm sure you could. How about a late breakfast first." 

"If you insist." 

They left the ocean and proceeded to walk along the shoreline until a woman with long black hair ran up to them. Carrie stopped dead in her tracks when the vivacious female launched herself at Justin and he barely had time to grab her ass, hold her and steady himself. Carrie stepped back and watched the interaction. The woman wrapped her arms around Justin's neck and her legs around his waist. Her lips captured his and Carrie watched two tongues battle it out. Eventually, the girl released her victim and slid down his hard body. "Hey," she said to Carrie, a friendly grin covered her face. 

"Hi," she answered back with a nervous grin of her own. 

"Lexi, glad to see you babe," Justin said and swatted her backside. "This is Carrie. Carrie this is Lexi, She-Devil of Jamaica."

Lexi stuck out her tongue. "I'm an angel until the first drink," she said and placed her hands on her hips. 

"Where are you headed?" Justin asked. 

Lexi smirked. "To the bar." 

Carrie and Justin both laughed and Lexi smiled wickedly. "Bye, nice meeting you Carrie. See ya tonight . . . I'm sure Justin has already nabbed you for his date."

Before Carrie could answer, Lexi squealed and ran in the direction of another resort guest, this one a woman that was enveloped in a welcoming embrace. 

"Popular girl?" Carrie asked. 

Justin chuckled. "Yea, she's a doll too. She's the sweetest woman I've ever met. Her and her husband run the Whitewater Rafting Adventure here on the island. That is something to experience. You forget all about who looks good with swaying breasts and hung cocks when you have water threatening to kill you if you don't concentrate on the raft." He took her hand in his and they walked toward the Porch Dining Room, where regular breakfast was still being served. 

"Looks like we made it," Carrie commented when she noted the time on the wall and the time printed on the room's menus. 

"Yep," Justin said. 

He ordered a meal big enough to feed three hungry adult men and Carrie ordered a small fare. "You'll need your energy for those other activities I have to cover today, so you can eat off my plate if you want." 

"You mean your plates," she winked. "And what activities?" 

"The stroking of the libido and getting you attached." 

"I thought I was attached to you for the evening and you have already started working on the stroking part. I saw where your hand went after Lexi grabbed you," Carrie said. 

"You saw that huh?" Justin popped a strawberry into her mouth and winked. "Good." 

Carrie chewed on the succulent meat and found herself growing more relaxed. By the time the meal was over she forgot she was naked. However, when they stood she suddenly remembered, because in front of her was Justin and a very large, thick, and hard cock. "See, I told ya."

"I never said I wasn't," Justin smirked. "But I can't openly do that here. There are rules you know. We can walk around nude, but we can't go jerking it off whenever we want. It's human nature to walk around half cocked when you're surrounded by sweet ladies like you and Lexi." 

"Then maybe I should go so you can take care of that." Though she admitted, she wouldn't mind helping the man out. Her sex was throbbing with the idea of taking his meat into her slick opening, but she bit back the offer. 

"I'd like to see how long I can hold out in the presence of your company." 

She groaned and he laughed when she said, "I don't think you'll last long, because I won't let you." 

"Good," Justin replied with a no nonsense approach to the subject. "For now though we'll head over to The Fig Leaf Boutique and you can buy yourself something to remember your first day here." 

Her laughter erupted. "Justin, do you think there is anyway I'd ever forget my first day at a nudist resort?"

"Probably not." He wrapped his arm around her back, his height dwarfing hers. Together they left the dining porch. They spent the next two hours together walking side by side with some part of their bodies always touching. His hand on her shoulders, or in her hair was a constant distraction to her body. Her fingers would innocently brush against his erection when she wanted to stretch and point out something on a high shelf, purposely she'd turn her body just so. 

When their stomachs started to growl, Carrie asked him back to her villa. He declined, but did so in a way that made her stop and wonder what he was up to. It didn't take long to find out. He led her back to the Beach Bar. He ordered a plate of fresh fruits and a bottle of wine. Both were billed to his room. Carrie followed him to the beach where several others were eating and talking. She was a bit put off, thinking she'd be able to take care of his jumping cock and her slick cunt, but she decided to bite back her disappointment and let him carry on. "Besides," she kept telling herself, "there is always tonight."

She took a seat on the sand after he had pulled a towel from one of the resort's tables and laid it down for her. Then he sat down next to her and told her to lie back. He was ready to eat. 

"Huh?" she asked. 

"Carrie . . . didn't you know what the activities were when you booked your vacation here? I mean I know this is your first time to the island, but surely you knew about the Nude Appreciation Week Celebration . . . didn't you?" Justin studied her, a look of disappointment on his face as well as confusion. 

"My vacation was a present from a friend, a very wicked friend, but a friend just the same." 

Justin's mood changed and his expression was full of mirth. "Wicked indeed. This whole week is devoted to celebrating the body. We can't jerk off or have sex in the dining rooms until tonight and we can't jerk off or have sex in the shops or on the streets, just in designated areas and just this week. It isn't required of course and that is why the dining rooms are sex free zones until after eight p.m. and the streets and shops are sex free zones all week. The other places though . . . the beach after ten a.m., the bar, the activities that are planned, scuba diving, horseback riding, fuck even Lexi's Whitewater Rafting if one can manage it, is a Free Sex Zone." 

Carrie's jaw dropped. Tanner never said anything like that. He just told her it was a nudist resort. The more she thought about it the more she knew Tanner had known about this special week. She was going to thank him in a most rewarding way if he wasn't attached to the woman he was possibly in love with . . . and if he was attached she'd make sure he got a wonderful wedding present. 

"You're hungry?" she asked. 

"Hell ya," he grinned and grabbed a thick watermelon, its rind removed. Carrie watched him move like a feline. His eyes drank in her slick cunt, the juice had run down her thighs and dried there, but fresh beads of honey slowly made their own path of sin. A hum escaped her as the slice of pink, seedless fruit was pushed into her pussy. She gasped at the cold feeling that rushed over the inner fleshy surfaces. 

"Justin," she moaned and leaned back on her elbows, with her knees bent and her legs spread wide. Her muscles squished the meat that he'd pushed into her and the juices flowed with the sweet fluids of her sex. She trembled when she saw Justin's face disappear between her thighs. "Oh fuck," she growled and watched as he ate away at his lunch. 

She felt his nose press against her clit as his fingers spread her lips open and his tongue began to push into her hole. The watermelon went deeper until she squeezed and lifted her hips then it slipped out a little. She heard him slurp up some of the extracted meat and then it slid back in. He tongue-fucked her until she was bucking up against him. Her attention was temporarily distracted by a scream that filled the air. Justin never let up on his meal; she turned her head and witnessed several couples engaging in some very hard core public displays of affection. 

One couple was fucking doggy style, another took on the sixty-nine position and a group of four friends were enjoying a number of activities. Her thought process registered all she'd seen and then added it to the wonderful sensations that Justin was giving her and she fell back on her arms, lifted her ass high in the air, wrapped her legs around his head and rode his face until she was gushing her fluids all over his features. 

She heard his words of praise and she came again. He licked her up, fucked her with abandon and swallowed every once of her honey as well as the rest of the melon that had been jettisoned from her slippery home. 

"Delicious," he growled and raised himself over her. His cock was hard and he needed relief. "Ready?" 

"Fuck yes " 

He laughed and grabbed a condom from the plate were the food had been laid. "The Resort thinks of everything," he said. He ripped open the plastic and wrapped his dick in latex. He ran his cock head along her slit, wetting the swollen member. His fingers gripped her hips and he slammed into her. There was no love, no compassion concerning fair skin and bruises. He needed to fuck her pussy and she was wanting him to. 

"Justin, harder. Pound my cunt!" She screamed words that were echoed by many. Her head moved left and right. She watched couples pounding away at each other; she watched men sucking on women's tits and women taking cocks, several at a time. She came again just as Justin did. 

He sprayed his seed into his sheath and shuddered his relief. "Damn, baby." 

He pulled his dick from her and then covered her body with his. "You like all that." He nodded his head toward the wanton display of legs and arms, pussies and cocks. 

"Yes," she said and whimpered when his cock slid from her. 

"You'll love the party. Hell, babe you'll love the week."

She laughed and rolled him to his back, though he didn't give much of an effort to stop her. "I have a feeling I will. So do you show me around some more or fuck me some more?" 

He laughed. "You'll wear me out before the tonight if I'm not careful." He rolled back on top of her and kissed her neck. "I'll see you tonight, doll baby, looks like Lexi's on the prowl." 

She glanced over to where Justin had been looking. "Looks like she's got plans for you."

"For me? No, babe, those dark eyes are on you, not me." He stood up and waved to the slim woman with the black hair. Her body glistened with water and her pussy had a landing strip of black curls. "Enjoy yourself sexy." 

He left Carrie. Carrie watched him pat Lexi's ass as he walked past. 

"Enjoying yourself?" Lexi asked when she finally reached her side. 

"Yes. You?" 

"Yea, I've had fun. My hubby and that little number over there," Lexi pointed to a short blonde giving a brunette a blow job, "we had a fine time earlier. I saw you and Jus and was wondering if perhaps I couldn't get in on the action, but then I remembered I had to revise the schedule for tomorrow's rafting excursion. Are you coming on that?" she asked and extended her hand to Carrie. 

Carrie placed her hand in Lexi's and stood up. "We'll see." She bent down to pick up the towel and fruit. 

"Leave it. The crews will come by in a bit and clean up. Did Justin take you down to Della's?" Lexi asked. 

"No. What's down at Della's?" she asked. 

"Only the best massage ever " 

The two women walked hand in hand between rolling bodies of sweat and sex. They reached the resorts main building and then up to the third floor. 

"This floor is all Della's. There are saunas, hot tubs, mud baths, massages, pedicure and manicures, not to mention a full salon, all at your disposal," Lexi explained as she opened the door to the establishment. 

Carrie stepped in and was immediately flocked by two women. Twin redheads pressed against both her and Lexi. "Hey Lexi," the redhead on the right said. 

"Hey Didi," Lexi answered and pressed a kiss to the girl's lips. 

"I thought you couldn't," Carrie whispered. 

The other redhead laughed. "You're safe here, anywhere in the hotel except the dining areas." 

"Oh okay," Carrie said. 

Lexi winked and took Carrie's hand. "Come on. Didi, Gigi, we want the full body treatment." 

The twins giggled with excitement. "Wonderful," they said simultaneously. 

The four women left the lobby and entered a room that had one wall of glass that faced the rocky cliffs. The sight was breathtaking. There were two tubs full of hot water, the steam rolled in puffs of smokey haze. "This way," Gigi said. She took Carrie's hand and led her to the tub on the left. "Climb in." 

Carrie did. She glanced and saw that Didi had taken Lexi over to the other tub. Lexi slid in and then Didi joined her. Gigi joined Carrie. 

"Lay back," Gigi commanded. 

She did. 

Her eyes closed as she let the steam surround her. She was blanketed by it and when she felt the gentle, yet firm hands of her tub partner she moaned in pleasure. Fingers caressed her ankles and she purred as those little teasing muscles moved up her calves and worked at knots Carrie didn't even know existed. As Gigi's hands moved, so did Didi's. She was treating Lexi to the same thrills and Carrie opened her eyes to watch. 

She saw Didi slide closer and knew her hands were on Lexi's thighs. Glancing at Lexi's face she could tell the woman was loving the ministrations. When she saw Lexi's lips part and heard the knowing moan, she knew Didi had reached the little black landing strip of hair. Carrie whimpered, longing to touch the black curls was easily determined from the hungry lust in her eyes. 

"You'll get your turn at her," Gigi's voice reached Carrie. Carrie turned back and felt Gigi's fingers pet her cunt. Gigi never entered Carrie's pussy, she just massaged the lips, teasing and pulling them until Carrie was moaning. She lay back and felt experienced hands move over her stomach and caress the soft belly. Her skin was rich with need and she trembled with want.
