 A friend told me about this slut, Mihaela, that he had met in college. He hadn't actually met her; he had just been invited to a couple of gang bangs where he got to fuck her with a bunch of other guys. He told me she had moved to my city after college and I should try to find her. All I had to go on was a rather blurred picture, her name, and the fact that she is one very hot lady. 

It took almost a year for me to find her. There were several times when I thought I had found her, but it turned out to be the wrong woman. I finally found her in a club that I didn't frequent. I happened to overhear someone say her name and when I looked at her I was sure she was the girl I was looking for. For about the tenth time I was sure.

As soon as I could I asked her to dance. The way she moved and humped her body against mine I was sure after a couple dances she had to be the right girl. 

My friend had said Mihaela couldn't resist the feel of more than one cock at the same time. And that gave me an idea how to verify her identity. I talked with Nick while I sipped a drink and waited for the right time. I kept picturing Mihaela sucking my cock while Nick fucked her. Occasionally rubbing my cock to keep it hard.

I was up like a shot when the next slow song began. I had Mihaela on the dance floor before the intro was done and the singer began. I pulled her tight so she could feel my hard cock pressed against her belly. She must have liked the way it felt because she pressed herself into it.

About half way through the song Nick came up behind Mihaela and put his arms around her and rubbed his dick against her rear. I felt her immediate reaction. A sudden weakening of the knees and a shuddering breath. 

Yes. This was the Mihaela I had been told of. 

As the song neared its end I said to Nick "Let's take her out to my van and fuck her." Her only response to my words was to press even tighter to me. 

I pulled away from her and firmly took her arm, propelling her toward the exit. Mihaela made no attempt to resist my hurrying her out of the club. Nick was right behind us. I quickly pulled her to my van and pushed her inside.

Nick and I followed and closed the door behind us. She had stumbled getting into the van and landed on her hands and knees. When she started to rise up I put my hand on her neck and held her.

I sat on the seat in front of Mihaela and opened my pants. As fast as I was pulling my cock out I could see Nick was just as fast. When she saw my cock standing up Mihaela leaned forward and took me in her mouth. Nick pushed her skirt up around her waist and pulling panties aside wasted no time in ramming his cock into her pussy. 

Now that she was filled at both ends I told Nick to slow down and take his time. 

After a few minutes I pulled her away from me and told her to turn around. "I'm ready to fuck your ass now." When Nick heard me he pulled out and waited for her to turn around. 

Mihaela turned on her hands and knees and I grabbed her waist. "Get up here and sit on me." She didn't hesitate to get up and as she lowered herself down she held her panties aside with one hand and with the other she guided my cock straight into her ass. 

As I began humping her ass she leaned forward and took Nick's cock in her mouth. She wrapped her hand tightly around his shaft and began pumping his cock in rhythm with her bobbing head. 

I could see Nick was about to cum so I grabbed her waist and started driving into to her as hard as I could. She seemed to like the increased pounding of her ass. Nick let out a yell as he shot his sperm into her hot mouth.

Seeing his hips jerk as he emptied his balls drove me over the top and my cum filled her ass. Mihaela continued to stroke Nick until she was sure she had taken every drop of cum. 

I picked up a pen and reached around her and wrote my name and phone number on her thigh. "Call me next week Mihaela and I'll have some friends over to fuck you." Her only response was another sigh.

It wasn't even noon Monday when Mihaela called me. In a soft voice she asked when I would have my friends over for her. I wanted to tease her a little so I asked what she meant.

"You said you would have some friends over for me."

"Why would I have friends over for you?"

Her voice got even softer, "So they can fuck me."

"Is that what you want, Mihaela? You want a bunch of guys fucking you all night?"

"Yes, please."

I was beginning to really like this. If she didn't mind being degraded why should I care?

"You want to taste their cum and feel it on your face?"

"Yes George I do. Please, when can we do it?"

"What can I tell my friends they can do with you?"

"They can do anything."

"Tell me what you want them to do"

In the most seductive voice I've ever heard she said, "I want them to fuck my pussy and mouth and ass. I want their cum in me and all over me."

I was rubbing my cock and was about to cum just from listening to her voice and picturing it happening.

I got her address and told her I would pick her up Saturday at 7:00.

When I picked her up she was wearing a short black dress, and black stockings. I told her to pull up her skirt and saw she was also wearing black panties. She said her bra matched the panties.

We got into the limo I had rented and started for my place. I had already poured drinks for us and as soon as we sat I gave Mihaela hers. As she sipped her drink I started rubbing her legs. Slowly I pushed her skirt up. The higher I pushed it the wider she spread her legs. I could see the driver looking in his mirror at us and I gave him a smile and a nod. Mihaela knew he was watching too, but she didn't try to stop me or cover herself.

Before we got to my place I had my hand inside her panties and two fingers stroking in and out of her pussy. Her head was laid back on the seat while she enjoyed being finger fucked. 

I didn't stop fingering her when we got to my house. The driver came around to open the door and I kept finger fucking her until I thought he had seen enough. Then I got out of the limo and Mihaela followed me. She didn't try to pull her skirt down until she was standing outside the car.

We went into my house where the six guys I had invited for the night were already waiting. They were sitting around drinking beer and talking. Everyone got quiet when Mihaela and I walked in. I could tell the guys were impressed by the grins on their faces.

I led Mihaela right through the house to the master bedroom. Earlier, I had prepared the bed by removing everything except for a sheet and the pillows.

No sooner had we got through the door than several hands were pulling and tugging at her dress. "Take it easy guys. She's not going anywhere. She wants all of you to fuck her."

Mihaela nodded and said, "Yes." in that soft sexy voice. That calmed the guys right down. I unzipped her dress and told her to take it off. We all admired the sight before us as she stood there in bra, panties, stockings and high heel shoes.

Nick moved up on the other side of her and put his hand on her ass as he was unfastening his pants. He no sooner had his cock out than Mihaela took it in her hand and started stroking it.

Seeing that, the rest of the guys began undressing. As soon as I freed my own cock Mihaela ran her hand over the head, smearing the pre-cum that was already leaking. 

With our hands on her ass Nick and I pulled her to the bed. Quickly removing her panties I lay down on the bed and pulled her on top of me. She grabbed my cock and guided it into her hot cunt.

Nick got on the bed behind her and spit in his hand. He rubbed the spit on his cock and then pressed his cock against her asshole. I could feel Mihaela relaxing her sphincter to allow him entry. As soon as his cock was in her he began fucking her ass fast and hard. Feeling his dick through the thin membrane as he fucked her was incredible. 

I felt the bed shake as more of the guys got on it. Soon Mihaela had men on both sides of her fondling her tits as Nick continued to ram her ass. 

I wanted to fill her tight pussy with cum. But at the same time I wanted to keep fucking her as long as I could. Knowing that I would soon be fucking her again, I didn't try to stop the oncoming explosion. 

I yelled, "Ah, God." as I felt my cock spew hot cum deep inside her. Mihaela bit my neck when she felt the eruption. 

Seconds later Nick filled her ass with his sperm. 

Other hands roughly pulled her away and laid her on her back on the bed. Illya and Alex got on either side of her head and she grasped their cocks. Turning to Illya she began sucking the head while her hand stroked the shaft. At the same time her other hand was stroking the other Alex's cock.

Sam moved between her spread legs and found no resistance when he speared her cunt with his dick.

I got my camera and began taking pictures. Before Illya came in her mouth, Mihaela turned her head and began sucking on Alex. When he was about to cum she pulled away and went back to Illya. She continued turning back and forth, switching from one to the other. 

Sam didn't have any restraint and just kept pounding away at her pussy. His body was jerking excitedly when he came and his cock slipped out of her cunt and shot most of his sperm on her belly.

Illya finally had all he could take and held her head so she couldn't turn to Alex again. In a few seconds he let out a groan as he filled Mihaela's mouth with cum. She brought Alex's cock closer to her and when Illya released her she quickly turned and engulfed Alex. 

Seeing cum on her lips and chin and cheeks was too much for Alex and he immediately came. 

Then David lifted her up and lay down on the bed under her. He held his cock up as Mihaela lowered herself onto it. Pavel was standing behind her. He spit in his hand and rubbed it over his cock. Then he moved forward and pushed his cock against her ass.

Once the head of his cock was inside her he grabbed her hips and held her while he rammed all the way in. The sudden attack knocked the breath out of her.

Once they were both all the way in her it became apparent they had shared women before. They immediately began fucking her in rhythm. Neither of them appeared excited. It was like they had a job to do and they were going to take their time doing it. 

No one was looking at a watch to see how long they fucked her. We were all just watching David and Pavel pounding away at her pussy and ass. And Mihaela accepted their assault on her body without complaint.

Even with the ceiling fan on they all were eventually sweating. For a bit we all cheered them on, but we grew tired of shouting encouragement. 

I was beginning to think I wouldn't get to fuck her again when Pavel stopped fucking her and pulled his cock out of her ass. Then he helped her off David and pushed her to the floor. 

With Mihaela on her knees the two men stood to her sides with their cocks almost touching in front of her face. She grasped the two shafts and began stroking them and began and licking them in turnk. 

It wasn't long before David tapped her head and she turned to him and sucked his cock into her mouth. In only a few moments her mouth was overflowing with cum. Even before David stopped cumming, Pavel tapped Mihaela. As she turned to take his cock in her mouth the last spurts of David's cum hit her cheek and hair. She barely got Pavel in her mouth when she once again was leaking cum from her lips.

Mihaela had cum coursing down her thighs and dripping from her face. We lifted her back onto the bed. Nick raised her legs to his shoulders and drove his cock into her sopping wet cunt. 

I got a towel from the bathroom and when Nick was done fucking her for the second time I used it to wipe some of the cum off her. Then I straddled her chest and she opened her mouth to accept my cock.

After four hours all seven men were drained. 

I knew from her soft contented smile as she lay in the middle of the bed that there would be more times with Mihaela.