 I am the founder and CEO of MiHOP. You never heard of MiHOP? Not surprising, most people never have. As a matter of fact only a small select group of people have. 

There is a small group of us who collectively own and operate MiHOP. But its my brain-child and I found the main investors, so I got the title's.

So what is MiHOP? It's a small jet service. You may have even seen our jet yourself. You wouldn't know it though. Our jet is royal blue and has no markings other than the reguired FAA numbers.

The MiHOP jet fly's out of a different airport four times a week. The cost of a MiHOP ticket is a bit pricey, ok very pricey when you consider your trip is a four and half hour round trip back to the airport you departed from. But the drinks are free and the plane is never over crowded.

Okay let me explain. MiHQP stands for "Mile High Orgy Plane". We bought a second hand commercial jet. Stripped out two thirds of the seats. We replaced those with sofas, mattresses, and the like. The seats we left in the plane are all first class size and style. Not carrying luggage and such gives us extra room below for some special parties, but that's another story entirely.

The selection of stewardess's was a pleasurable task that fell upon my co-pilot, Jeff. As you would imagine, the girls had to know how to be a stewardess and had to, shall we say, know how to handle our customers properly. After many, many interviews, Jeff found us four lovely ladies who rotate shifts.

Holly was scheduled for tonight's flight. Holly is a stunning redhead with captivating green eyes. Her long mane of beautiful hair falls halfway to her shapely ass. Being a tit-man, it's her 38D's that pump up my manhood. Standing at the gate she looks both sexy and professional. She smiles seductively at the flight crew as we board. 

Jeff and I enter the cockpit and begin the pre-flight. Twenty minutes later everything checks out okay and were ready for passenger boarding. I make it a point to personally greet the passengers, its my chance to check out the women. I am always amazed at the general cross section we always get. Young, old, thin, bbw, average and beautiful, a regular smorgasbord of females.

When Holly comes through the door I know the last passenger is on board. I help Holly secure the door and head into the cockpit to begin departure. Ten minutes later we are in the air and banking out over the ocean. Another three minutes and I pick up the mike and address the passengers.

"Good eyenino Ladies and Gentlemen. This is your captain, Dale Paschel. We are climbing to our cruising altitude of 11,000 feet. Currently we are climbing through the one mile high mark." I stop to listen to the cheer from our passengers. "And I have just turned out the seatbelt sign. So you can feel free to move about the cabin." This brings the second cheer.

The door opens and Holly steps in with sodas for Jeff and I. As amazing as she looks in her "in terminal" outfit, she is absolutely sultry in her "in flight" outfit. The girls (as we call the stewardess) get to choose their own outfit for in flight. Holly likes to wear a French Maids outfit that accentuates her womanly charms.

About an hour into the flight the jet on autopilot and Jeff and I are chatting. 

"Time for me to hit the rest room Buddy. You got the bird for me?"

"Sure thing Dale. And while your out there, why don't you take some time and 'mingle' with the passengers." 

"I just might do that. There was this pretty Blond that came on board, I might go looking for her." 

"Do that. Then do Holly. I know your in lust with her, you should fuck her if you get the chance."

I just grinned and headed into the main cabin. The first stop would definitely be the restroom. Soda zips right through me and I didn't need a hardon when I have to pee. Exiting the restroom I head into the cabin. 

There were people all tangled together and happily fucking away. I looked around and spotted the cute blond on her hands and knees. She had her face in the pussy of an older brunette while some guy pumped her from behind. I strolled past them and headed to the rear of the plane. 

Holly was in the rear galley mixing a few drinks. And she was my immediate target.

"Come here often beautiful?"

She giggled and smiled. Winking at me she replied "Every chance I get."

"Tell me something, do you ever, 'play' with the passengers?" 

"Once and a while. It all depends on if there's someone that really turns me on and they flirt first." 

"Surely, they all must flirt with someone as pretty as you dressed so provocatively. You must get groped and fondled al the time."

"Sometimes, then other flights nothing. It all depends on the mood of the crowd. Every now and then there's a woman who asks if the pilots can come out and play."

I chuckled at that, "Every now and then we think about it! What about you? You ever want to play with the captain?"

I got my answer without words. She turned crimson. 

I reached out and put my hand behind her head and pulled her in for our first kiss. The kiss began soft and tender, but it wasn't long before it was passionate and urgent. Her tongue slipped into my mouth and we began a dance with our tongues. Her hands reached for my zipper while mine groped her tits through the costume. 

Being in the back of the plane we were not in direct sight of the passengers. It really wouldn't have mattered as we were way beyond caring. I pulled the fabric of her top down to expose her left breast. Her nipple was large and erect when I put it in my mouth. Her hand pulled my cock out and was stroking it softly. She looked me in the eye while she bent down to take my hard cock into her mouth. She began the best blow job of my life. She sucked and licked the shaft like it was ice cream. Her eye contact with me never once broke. Her hands jerked the shaft and coaxed the cum from my balls while she sucked and licked. Being with the woman I lusted after for many months was too much as I exploded into her mouth. Holly maintained the eye contact while she swallowed my load.

After my prick softened and slipped from my mouth, she stood back up and kissed me again.

"I have to eat your pussy. Put a leg up here on this cart." With one foot on the floor and the other on the cart I bent over to taste and explore her sex. Holly's hole, I finally have my tongue exploring Holly's hole. As I slide my tongue up her wet slit, I slip a finger into her and start to slowly finger her.

"Aaahhh, Dale that is so good. Please make me cum. I am so worked up, make me cum like I made you cum."

As she grabs my head she guides me so that my tongue is closer to her clit. I know what she wants, but I want this to be as memorable for her as I'm sure it will be for me. I lick and suck all around but avoid her love button. My finger fucks her faster, but my tongue avoids the spot she wants. 

"Damn it Dale, suck my clitty, I need to cum. Don't tease me."

I take my tongue and slide it up between her pussy lips again and swirl it around her clit. This is enough to send her over the top as she grinds her cunt into my face as she explodes. A low satisfied moan escapes her lips.

"Oh Yes I needed that. Don't stop, take me again."

As I continue my oral pleasures on her juicy pussy, I feel a hand start to stroke my cock again. It's one of the passengers, but which one? With Holly's hands on my head holding my face to her cunt it was impossible to tell. My imagination soared to the cute little blonde. 

I brought Holly over a couple more times as the hand changed to a mouth sucking on my cock and licking my balls. This talented new cock sucker was bringing life back into my cock. I Stood back up and bent Holly over. She was my target and I was determined to fuck this wonderful piece of ass. I eased my cock into her tight wet cunt. In three strokes I was all the way into her. The mystery passenger grabbed my ass and started my pumping Holly at the pace she wanted me to go at. 

I turned my head to see the brunette that the blonde was munching on earlier. So it wasn't the cute blond I had hoped for, but it was a very talented mature woman who know how to give pleasure. While I continued to fuck the woman of my dreams, the brunette was reaching between our legs playing with my cock, balls and Holly's pussy. With her finger all slippery with Holly's juices, the brunette shoved her finger up my ass. I felt a sexual jolt I never remember feeling before.

The brunette whispered in my ear, "You do the same thing to her." As I did Holly went nuts. Her moans and screams of passion attracted the blonde's attention. She came over and began to pinch Holly's nipples. While she did this she bent over and began to passionately kiss Holly.

This was all too much for me as I shot my second load of the flight deep into Holly's cunt. While I was shooting off the brunette pumped her finger harder into me. As I stopped and collapsed onto Holly's back the brunette and the blonde left was alone. 

As I regained my strength, I pulled myself off of Holly and sat into the jump seat. 

"You are one fucking amazing, sexy hot woman Holly Lewis. I want to do you again sometime when we can really relax and enjoy each other."

"It's a date, how about tonight at my place?"

"Your on."

"Good, now go fly the plane ok?"

We landed a couple hours later. I said goodbye to the passengers. The older brunette kissed me hard as she left. The blonde winked at me but kissed Holly on the way out. Not a bad deal, The blonde was cute, but I'll take Holly any day.