 Mike woke up feeling deliciously happy and rejuvenated. He smiled to himself thinking about the events of the previous evening and reflected that all was well with the world and the universe was unfolding just as it should. In short, he was feeling pretty pleased with himself.

He checked the other side of the bed to ensure that Debbie was not there and an even brighter smile lit up his face. 

He got up and made his way to the bathroom. He paused at Jennie's bedroom door and looked through the open doorway; Jennie was fast asleep with Melanie beside her. The covers were thrown this way and that and he marveled at the two naked bodies splayed out before him.

Jennie was Debbie's eighteen-year-old daughter and Melanie was her twenty-year-old friend. Debbie was supposed to be Mike's girlfriend but she had taken off late in the night with a man he didn't know and didn't say much to Mike upon her leaving with the exception of, mind your own business. 

Mike didn't care; in fact he was elated! Debbie had been a lodestone around his neck since he'd moved in with her five years ago and in the recent past she had taken to disappearing for hours on end without much of an explanation. Although she'd said she was going to bingo, Mike suspected there was probably another man. Now that he knew it for sure he was thrilled because eventually that other man was going to inherit the lodestone that was Debbie.

Then there was Jennie. She had been a brat with Mike for most of the time he'd been living with her mother. He'd had to punish her a few times in the past for some of the more outrageous behavior she engaged in; God knows her mother wouldn't discipline her in any way. Her mother rarely even talked to Jennie, which made Mike feel badly for her. Overall, Jennie was a nice girl with a sweet disposition and a good personality. What she was missing in her life was some good old-fashioned parenting, something her mother was obviously unwilling or unable to give her.

Mike had treated Jennie with respect when she deserved it and had treated her as a child when she deserved that. With a few bumps in the road along the way it had worked out so that they had developed a good relationship based on mutual respect; that is until a few weeks ago. 

Mike had prepared a bowl of pot for himself when he was home alone and Jennie had walked in on him as he smoked it. Unable to deny what he had been doing, he didn't even try. Instead, he had offered to share it with her and she took him up on it. Things were going extremely well between them after they'd gotten high and then something odd happened. They discovered that each of them had been harboring a sexual attraction for the other and, now that they were high, they had acted upon it. They had fucked each other's brains out in the living room and, what's more, both of them thought it was the best thing that could have happened to them.

Since that time, they'd had sex a few more times and they'd had a threesome on two different occasions with two of Jennie's friends. Last night it was with Melanie and Mike couldn't remove the grin that was plastered to his face as he remembered it. Now, looking down at Melanie's naked body, only partially covered by the blankets that had been kicked every which way, he felt himself getting hard again. 

At just twenty years of age, Melanie was all woman. She had a curvy figure that included C cup breasts and a rounded bum just below very shapely hips. She also had a saucy innocence to her, her face accented by the cutest button nose and pleasant smile.

By contrast, Jennie was a petite girl with B cup tits and a nice athletic body. She had long straight brown hair and the most beautiful smile Mike had ever seen on a girl. Although he had enjoyed sex both with Melanie and with Cathy, Jennie's blonde friend with the slim body and doe-like eyes, Mike had to admit that his heart was definitely given to Jennie. 

He sighed contentedly and continued on to the bathroom. He urinated and then stepped into the shower. As he finished his shower he heard the phone ringing. He began to rush to the phone but then it stopped. He shrugged and decided that if the call was important whoever it was would leave a message.

He went back to his room and dressed and then went to the kitchen to make coffee. After getting the coffee machine going he went to the phone and dialed for messages. As he suspected there was a message but he was surprised to see that it was from Debbie. 

"I'm sending someone around to pick up my things," she said, her words clipped with anger. "They'll be around later today and don't even think about trying to stop them!"

Mike chuckled a little and then sat down to drink his coffee. He brought the phone to the table and checked to see the last number that called and wasn't terribly surprised to see that it was labeled as "Anonymous". 

Mike laughed a little bit when he realized that she was trying to prevent him from tracking her down. 

'Don't worry!' he said to himself, 'I wouldn't try to track you down if you were the last woman on Earth!'

It dawned on him then that Jennie was going to have to be told about this. He wondered how she would react to the news. Although Debbie could never be considered as mother of the year material, she was her mother. He pondered what he was going to say to her as he sipped his coffee.

He decided that he needed to get to the hardware store to replace the locks on the house. Debbie may have decided she didn't want to live with Mike anymore but he didn't trust her not to come around to steal as much as she could get away with when he was not home. 

He dressed and drove to the store and picked up replacement locks for all the doors. While he was there he had some spare keys made and then went home to install them. He had just finished replacing the last one when Jennie appeared wiping her eyes sleepily.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

Mike sighed heavily and then rose from his kneeling position.

"Look Jennie," he said, "I have something to tell you. Something you might not like."

She looked him in the eye and blinked. Mike could see tears beginning to well and he immediately felt like crap.

"Do I have to leave?" she asked, her voice quavering.

He smiled slightly and shook his head.

"No, but your mother is leaving."

Jennie released a breath, one she had obviously been holding and then hugged Mike fiercely. 

"I knew that!" she said. "I knew she was going to leave after you fought with her last night."

Mike grinned and nodded.

"I'm surprised it took her this long to leave," Mike said.

Jennie wagged her finger in Mike's face and then pointed at the new locks.

"I'm surprised it took you this long to do something about it!" she said. "She's been treating you like garbage for years and you never did anything!"

"I didn't want to leave you alone with her," he said. "She never acted like a mother and I figured you needed someone around to make sure you were okay."

Jennie sighed and hugged him closer.

"You're not my father you know," she said with her head buried in his broad chest. "I can take care of myself."

"Maybe I wanted to be here for you." He said tenderly.

Jennie looked up and then stood on her toes to kiss him. Her tongue slipped past his lips and she swirled it around his tongue and then hummed softly. Mike lowered his hands to her bum and squeezed softly and Jennie sighed contentedly.

"So this means we can do this more often!" she said with a smile.

Mike nodded and leaned back against the wall as she reached down to undo his pants. She kneeled down and pulled them to his ankles, taking his semi hard cock completely into her mouth, all in one smooth motion. Mike gasped as his cock grew to its full length and Jennie cooed softly as she sucked on it. She reached with one hand for his balls and squeezed them gently as she sucked and Mike gasped again. She stroked the length of his cock with her other hand and pulled the head from between her lips long enough to smile at him. 

Upon seeing her big smile, that smile that he found so captivating, Mike gasped again and he felt the cum boiling up from his balls.

She placed her lips over the head once more just in time for his semen to shoot into her mouth. She pushed her cheeks out as she had seen Melanie do when she sucked Mike's cock and allowed the load to fill her mouth. She was very satisfied with herself when only two or three droplets escaped her lips to drip onto her chin.

"Wow!" he said as he slumped to the floor beside her. "You get better at that every time you do it!"

Jennie grinned and gave him a peck on the lips. Then rose from her knees and stood over him.

"Thanks!" she said. "I seem to learn more and more with each new friend of mine you seduce."

"Actually," Melanie said from the doorway, her arms crossed over her chest, "I seduced him."

Jennie laughed and went to Melanie and hugged her.

"Did you hear the news?" she asked. "My mom moved out and now it's just me and Mike living here! Isn't that great?"

Melanie smiled and hugged Jennie back.

"You mean we can have Mike all to ourselves?" she asked.

"You mean I have Mike all to myself!" Jennie said. "I'm just happy to share him with you!"

"Share him with me and Cathy I suppose." Melanie grunted.

"And anyone else I see fit." Jennie responded. "Just be glad I'm willing to share him with you."

"Do I get a say in all this?" Mike asked as he stood from the floor and fastened his pants.

"Yes," Jennie said. "You get to tell me which of my friends you want to fuck each night; as long as you fuck me too that is."

Mike arched his brow and then smiled. 

"When was the last time you called Charlene?" he said.

Charlene was a friend of Jennie's that Mike hadn't seen in several months. Now that he'd been given the green light, he wanted to see just how far Jennie would take this.

Jennie smiled broadly but Melanie looked like she was about to pout.

"What about me?" she said. "Didn't you like what we did last night?"

Mike smiled and went to Melanie to give her a hug.

"Go and bend over that couch and I'll show you just how much I liked it." He said in a husky whisper.

Melanie grinned and then scurried to the back of the couch. She bent forward and then smiled at Mike as he approached her from behind.

"What about me?" Jennie said.

"One thing at a time," Mike said as he unfastened his pants, allowing them to fall around his ankles once more.

He lifted the back of Melanie's night shirt and pushed his hard cock against her pussy, marveling once more at her round bum and puffy lips surrounded by faint wisps of light brown hair. He entered her slowly and groaned. Her tunnel felt like nothing he'd felt before. She seemed to be able to grip his cock using nothing but her vaginal walls. She gave a groan of her own and wriggled her bum appreciatively as he slid in and out of her.

"What about me?" Jennie repeated.

Mike looked at her as he continued to slide in and out of Melanie and beckoned her over.

"Well get over here and get yourself ready!" he said with a grin.

Jennie smiled and rushed to his side. She bent forward beside Melanie and raised her own nightshirt to expose her bum and pussy lips to Mike's heated gaze. She leaned toward Melanie and kissed her passionately. Melanie gave a hum of approval as she tasted a hint of Mike's cum still on Jennie's tongue.

Unable to resist the sight in front of him, Mike withdrew from Melanie's pussy and then pushed inside Jennie's. Both girls whimpered almost simultaneously, Melanie from losing the feel of Mike's cock inside her and Jennie from gaining the feel of Mike's cock inside her. Mike continued to pump, savoring the feel of Jennie's vagina. While Melanie seemed to be able to grip his cock with her pussy, Jennie's tunnel felt extraordinarily tight and fresh, no matter how many times he fucked her.

The girls continued to kiss and Mike felt for a tit with each hand. In his left was the generous C-cup that was Melanie's and in his right was the smaller B-cup that was Jennie's. He felt their nipples pucker as he squeezed them and studied their differences as they jiggled and bounced in his hands.

Again he withdrew his cock, this time to pull out of Jennie and then to thrust into Melanie. Again both girls moaned together but this time Melanie placed her fingers at Jennie's entrance and probed her lips. Jennie bucked slightly as she did this and Mike put both his hands on to Melanie's wonderful bum as he began to pump harder. Melanie gasped and Mike pulled on her to meet his strokes. Her legs spread wider until her feet were almost beside Mike's, his on the inside and hers on the outside. He started pounding and Melanie wailed a little bit.

"I'm going to cum!" she said with a strained voice.

Mike grunted and thrust into her again and again as hard as he could. Sweat began to pour from his forehead and he was pumping into her for all he was worth. 

Suddenly Melanie let out a cry and she slumped forward onto the couch, her limbs trembling and her breath coming in ragged gasps.

Mike smiled to himself and then pulled out of Melanie only to shove himself inside Jennie as quickly as he could.

Jennie cried out in surprise and then let the cry go on as the pleasure from his thrusting took her over. Mike kept the same rapid pace he had done when Melanie came and now he was close to cumming himself. He shoved into Jennie hard, his hips slapping against her bum with each stroke. His face grew red and his breath came in gasps as he fucked her. With one last shove he felt the cum shoot inside her and he groaned loudly.

Jennie wriggled against Mike's thrusting and she felt the hot cum fill her insides as he grunted. She reached for her clitoris and gave it two or three tweaks and then she too was cumming.

The three fell sprawling against the back of the couch and it was several minutes before they heard pounding on the front door.

Mike raised himself to his feet with a sigh and went to the front window. As he looked toward the front landing he saw a man he vaguely recognized pushing his own face to the window, shielding the side of his face with one hand as he tried to glimpse through.

"Get yourselves upstairs and get dressed," he said with disgust. "It seems your mother's new boyfriend is here for her things."

The girls rushed up the stairs, squealing quietly as they went and Mike went to the front door. He opened it and stared at the man waiting there dispassionately.

"Yes?" Mike said.

"How come this fucking key doesn't work?" the man demanded, waving the offending article in front of Mike's face to punctuate his remarks.

The man looked to be in his thirties or forties, it was hard to tell with some people; especially chain smokers who almost always seemed to look older than their real age. Mike guessed he was a chain smoker because he had a cigarette clenched between two fingers with practiced ease; two fingers that had been stained yellowish brown from nicotine over several years. His brown hair was long and pulled back in a ponytail that fell below his shoulders. He had mirrored sunglasses perched on top of his head and was wearing a blue denim jacket which had seen better days. It was now stained with grease and a few other things that Mike didn't want to guess at. His blue denim pants were equally dirty and sported holes from wear on both knees and in other places. The word "BIKER" screamed through Mike's mind as he looked at him.

"Can I help you?" Mike said.

The man sighed and looked back over his shoulder toward a blue Eagle Talon parked at the edge of the driveway. Mike followed his gaze and saw Debbie sitting in the passenger seat with her arms folded across her chest and a scowl on her face as she realized that Mike had seen her.

The man looked back at Mike and nodded, hoping that the message had been received and that he wouldn't have to speak anymore than was necessary.

"Her things," the man grunted. 

Mike laughed a bit and opened the door to let the man in.

"Is she coming in too?" Mike asked.

The man shook his head and gave him a hard look, daring Mike to challenge him in any way.

"Good," Mike said and then closed the door after the man came inside.

The new lock clicked into place and the man stared back at the door suspiciously when he heard it. He glanced back at Mike with his eyebrow arched, more unspoken messages, and Mike reached forward and demonstrated how to release the lock and open the door.

The man nodded and started to move toward the stairs.

"Just a minute," Mike said and the man turned toward him looking irritated.

"Girls, is your door closed?" Mike called out.

Their muffled response told Mike that it was and then he led the man to the bedroom. The man looked around the room and then gave Mike a questioning glance.

"You get what's hers and I'll stay and watch," Mike said flatly.

The man scowled and took a deep breath. After a moment he nodded and then went to the closet. 

He had obviously been briefed by Debbie on what was there and on what to take. He reached up and pulled her suitcase down, pointedly shoving Mike's suitcase back onto the shelf as it began to slip outward to where it might fall to the floor. Mike sat down on the bed and watched the man as he grabbed Debbie's clothes by the armload and shoved them haphazardly into the suitcase.

Next he went to the dresser and Mike was impressed when he unerringly went to her drawers, emptying each one into the suitcase and ignoring those drawers that held his belongings.

After about ten minutes the man stopped and scanned the room with his eyes to see if he had missed anything. Mike reached for some clay figurines and held them out to him. The man studied them for a moment and then took them into his hand. He took two steps toward the night table and dropped them into the trash bin beside the bed.

Mike laughed out loud.

"That's about everything," he said. "Do you want a beer?"

The man gave Mike an odd look and nodded and he slung the suitcase over his shoulder. Together the two of them went to the kitchen and Mike pulled two beers from the fridge.

"Consider this a peace offering," he said as he handed one to the man.

The man dropped the suitcase on the floor and took the beer. He took one long swig and then sighed heavily.

"Just a minute," the man said as he placed the beer on the table.

He took the suitcase to the front door and pushed it open.

"Come and get this!" he shouted.

He dropped the case on the landing and Debbie soon appeared. She picked up the suitcase and said something that Mike couldn't hear.

"Get in the fucking car and wait there!" the man said in his gruff voice.

Debbie started to respond but he stopped her in mid sentence with a glare.

"I told you to get in the car!"

The man then closed the door and sauntered back to the kitchen. He picked up his beer and took another long swig. He leaned against the counter opposite Mike and looked at him.

"You're alright you know?" he said.

"Thanks," Mike said. "Maybe you'll have better luck with her than I did."

The man grinned and took a drink.

"I make my own luck," he said. 

Mike nodded and the two men studied each other for a minute.

"Is her daughter coming?" the man asked suddenly.

Mike shook his head and the man nodded.

"Good!" he said. "I can't stand kids!"

He finished his beer and then placed the house key on the counter beside Mike.

"We won't be needing this anymore," he said.

"Neither will I," Mike said. "I changed all the locks. Make sure you tell her that."

The man nodded and grinned.

"You know her well!"

Mike nodded and the man walked to the door and out to his car.

Mike followed and watched from the door. As the man opened the car door Debbie asked him a question Mike couldn't hear.
