 I had placed an ad on a bulletin board soliciting couples looking for a female. I quickly got a response from a couple located near where I live. The response indicated that they were a married couple in their late twenties looking for a third to join them. After trading a couple of e-mails and pictures, I agreed to meet them for a drink and get to know each other. I had never met people in a situation like this before so I was apprehensive as well as excited. We were meeting on Saturday night at a local bistro close to their home. Mike and Christy had told me that they had been married for three years and had two prior experiences with another women. Both of the experiences were positive. 

I arrived a few minutes early. I had really debated what to wear and had settled on a sweater and white jeans. I looked around trying to locate Mike and Christy from the descriptions I had been given in their e-mail. I didn’t see either of them so I moved to the bar to get a drink. As I was taking my first sip, I felt a tap on my shoulder. As I turned around, a guy asked me if I was Jacqui. I asked him if he was Mike. Introductions behind us, Mike led me to a table near the back and introduced me to Christy. First impressions being important, I managed to look at both Mike and Christy to judge what I thought about them. I could tell they were doing the same to me. Christy is blonde, about 5’4” slender. Mike is 6’, slightly balding and average in build. Christy has told me that she is a 36 and that Mike is average in size. Both of them are outgoing and seem very comfortable talking to me. I become more comfortable with them as we talk. We ordered some appetizers and just chatted in general telling each other about ourselves. As we talked, I realized that I had mentally decided that I was attracted to both Mike and Christy and was hoping they had reached the same conclusion. After about a half-hour of conversation, Mike asked me if I was comfortable talking with moving forward. I nodded my head yes. 

Christy started the conversation by asking me what my thoughts were so far. I answered by asking Mike and her what their thoughts were first. Mike replied that the only way to know for sure was to try it and he was ready. Christy said she agreed but wanted me to understand that she was ready to move forward if I was comfortable. I told them that I was attracted to them but was a little concerned about jumping into sex right away. Christy told me that she understood and they were willing to move at my pace but reiterated that they would respect any limits I wanted to impose. She then suggested that maybe we should all go back to their place and spend some more time getting to know each other and see what happens. I agreed.

We got back to their apartment and Mike put on some music and got us a drink. Christy suggested we each talk about what we would want from each other if we had sex. She volunteered to start. She said that she was bisexual and wanted to fully share me with Mike. She said she wanted to have sex with me; just the two of us and she also wanted Mike and I to be together. Mike agreed and said he would like to watch Christy and me together if that was alright because he found that a big turn-on. I told them that what they had described seemed fine with me. Christy looked at me and said, “Why don’t we go to the bedroom and see what happens?” 

I looked at them and nodded yes. Christy told Mike that he needed to give us a few minutes to get ready and then he should join us. We headed into the bedroom. When we got into the room, Christy turned to me and put her arms around me. She kissed me gently and told me how happy she was that things had worked out. We kissed some more and began caressing each other. Before I knew it, I heard Mike enter the room behind me. Christy and I are still kissing and we are running our hands over each other’s bodies. 

Christy’s hands are under my sweater and caressing me through my bra. I break our kiss and remove my sweater. I unbutton her shirt and remove it. Christy is not wearing a bra so I remove mine. She leans forward and takes a nipple into her mouth. I see that Mike is sitting on the bed watching us. I smile at him and then refocus on Christy. She has moved to my other breast after sucking my first breast hard. As she begins to suck on my other breast, her thumb and forefinger gently begin tugging on my hard nipple. I feel my pussy moistening. I grab Christy and suggest we undress and move to the bed. We help each other out of out clothes leaving only our panties on. Christy is wearing a blue bikini that looks cute on her. I am wearing a white thong. We kneel together, facing each other on the bed. I begin caressing her breasts. Christy reaches her hands down to my panties and feels my wetness. She exclaims to Mike that I am shaved. Christy begins stripping off my panties as Mike leans forward to see my shaved crotch. I help Christy remove my thong and then lean back to give Mike and Christy a good view. Mike tells me that I look very sexy and tells me he has asked Christy to shave on a number of occasions. Christy tells me that she feels being fully shaved requires a lot of work. I assure her that the effort is not that bad and I really like the look and feel and that all my lovers have commented that it looks and feels great. Christy pushes me onto my back and tells me she want to feel me for herself. I gladly tell her to try. She lowers her face to my pussy and begins gently licking me. She slowly uses her tongue to part my aroused outer lips. I can quickly tell that she is really good at this and quickly become really turned on. Christy sucks my clit into her mouth and pulls it between her teeth. At the same time she is running her tongue along the exposed length. I moan. I don’t want to come so quickly so after a few more minutes, I push Christy away. She asks me if anything is wrong and I tell her I want to delay my orgasm. I tell her to lie down so I can return the favor. Mike asks when he will be allowed to join. Both of us look at him and see that he has removed his clothes and has a raging hard on. 

Christy tells him to come over by her and she will see what she can do while I lick her. I move between her spread legs and run a finger the length of her slit. I gently part her lips and slide a finger into her. Christy is wet and I begin sliding my finger in and out of her. I watch Mike move over to Christy. They kiss and then Mike offers her his penis. Christy turns her head and begins sucking on the tip of her penis. I watch Christy suck Mike as I continue fingering her. Watching them arouses me. As I lean forward to take her clit between my lips, I move a hand down to my clit and begin rubbing it. I begin running my tongue from her clit to her opening meeting my thrusting finger. I taste her juices. My fingers are soaked and I can feel Christy tightening her vagina as I thrust my fingers into her. I run my tongue in circles around Christy’s clit as I watch her suck Mike.

I am nearing an orgasm with my hand and once again decide to delay my release. I take the finger that was rubbing my slit and use it to slide into Christy’s tight ass. She moans around Mike’s penis. She begins to ride my tongue as her orgasm nears. Mike moans that he is coming as he thrusts into Christy’s mouth. I watch as she swallows his orgasm. I watch as she continues to suck him. Before Mike’s orgasm completes, Christy removes her mouth from around him and begins her orgasm. As I feel Christy begin to orgasm, I suck her clit into my mouth and continue to thrust my fingers into her pussy and ass. I feel her waves of orgasm as spasms in her pussy and ass. I watch the pleasure reflect on her face as she moans. Mike has ejaculated his final spurt on her neck but she is oblivious as she comes.

When her orgasm completes, I remove my fingers from her ass and pussy. Christy is oblivious to everything. I ask Mike to lick me so I can join them in bliss. I lie down next to Christy as Mike moves between my legs. I am totally aroused and it will not take long for me to come. Mike sucks my hard clit into his mouth and slides two fingers into my pussy. Before long, the waves of pleasure overcome me and I begin my orgasm. Mike continues to lick and suck me until my orgasm is completed. As I begin to recover, Christy suggests we take a short break and then if we want we can play more. While I have had a great orgasm, I am still horny and ready for more. I reach over and begin stroking Mike’s penis. It is soft. I use my hands to stroke him up and down. I reach over and run my tongue around one of his nipples. I need a hard penis in me and I need it now. 

As I suck on his nipple, I can feel his dick starting to lengthen. To speed matters up, I move down his stomach and take him in my mouth. I begin sucking on the crown of his penis as I continue to stroke his length. After a few minutes, Mike is hard and I am ready for him. I push him back onto the bed and straddle him. I hold him and rub the tip of his penis along the length of my pussy. I can’t wait any longer and position him at the entrance of my pussy. I push him into me. I greedily begin humping up and down until he is fully in me. Mike takes my breasts into his hand and begins to roll my erect nipples between his fingers. I continue thrusting and with each stroke take more of him into me. I make sure his penis rubs against my sensitive parts with each thrust. I am close to another orgasm and try to hold it off. I am now thrusting up and down on the full length of him. Between the feelings coming from my pussy and my breasts, I am heading towards another orgasm. I begin to moan loudly. Mike lets go of my nipples and grabs my ass. He is now forcefully thrusting into me. I rush towards an orgasm. It overwhelms me as I begin to come. I try to sit on mike but he continues to thrust into me making my orgasm more intense. I become limp as I collapse onto his chest. As I recover, Mike continues to thrust into me until he orgasms. I lie limp on his chest as he empties himself into me. 

After a few moments, I can move again and I get up from Mike. Christy has watched us fuck and is sitting with her mouth open. I shakily get to my feet and suggest a break. We all go into the living room and have a drink. After we finish a drink, Christy wants to go back into the bedroom and play some more. All of us are willing. Christy and I go into the bathroom to clean off and perfume ourselves. I am still aroused from before and our cleaning rapidly turns into foreplay as we begin caressing each other. I drop to me knees and part her legs. Christy moves away from me and sits on the sink with her legs spread. I push my face into her slit and greedily begin licking her. She is also aroused because she is already wet. I begin thrusting my tongue into her opening while my wet thumb circles her clit. Within minutes, she is moaning loudly and she orgasms. 

I get to my feet, finish cleaning off and go into the bedroom grinning from ear to ear. Mike is sitting on the bed and returns my smile. He is stroking his hard penis. I move to him and we begin kissing. I am like a total bitch in heat and ready for more sex. AS we kiss, I reach down and begin stroking him. He is fully erect and ready. I break our kiss and sit on his lap. I reach between us and grab his penis. I begin rubbing the tip along my slit. As it lubricates, it begins sliding easily along my pussy. I release his penis and wrap my arms around his neck. I continue to thrust my hips against him. I wrap my legs around his waist. I begin kissing him. The feel of him rubbing against my clit is arousing me, pushing me more to the point of no return. I hear Christy come into the room from the bathroom. Wanting to defer my orgasm, I stop thrusting and lift up from Mike. 

I ask Christy if she will lick me while Mike has me from behind. She agrees. I direct Christy to lie on her back on the bed. I climb on top of her and straddle her face. I tell mike to get behind me. Mike moves behind me. I grab him and direct him to the right place. As Mike begins thrusting into me, Christy lifts her head and begins licking my clit. The sensations from Christy’s tongue and Kevin’s’ penis rapidly push me towards yet another orgasm. I try to push the impending orgasm back but to no avail. Passion takes hold of me and I begin my orgasm. Christy pushes me further into heaven by pulling my hard clit into her mouth and sucking like a vacuum on me. 

I shakily move away from Mike. He immediately moves around and mounts Christy and they begin fucking. I watch When I am done, as they hump each other. After a few minutes, Mike begins moaning and convulses into Christy. Speaking for myself, I am done for the night. So are the others. We rest together for a few moments, and then I get up and begin dressing. Chirsty invites me to spend the night, but I need my own bed and peace and quiet. I thank them for the great evening. We exchange phone numbers and agree to get together again. I bid them goodnight and leave.