 Kathy and Jill lay together on the floor, remnants of Mike's ejaculate still visible on Kathy's face and chest following the blowjob and titfuck she and Mike had completed just moments ago. Mike sat back on the couch, feeling guilty at being caught with his wife Ginger's two best friends, looking like a puppy caught chewing on a shoe. 

Ginger scowled at the threesome. "First things first, you bitches better not have gotten any of your drool or twat mist on my new couch," she said, doing her best not to crack up at the look of consternation on Mike's face. "And secondly, I think it's time for the three of you to get your asses up to the bedroom."

"So...you're not mad about this?" Mike asked.

"Only about the possible mess on the couch, dummy," Ginger replied with a mocking laugh. "This is your birthday present. Didn't the girls tell you?"

"We sort of didn't get around to that part yet," Kathy said, breaking into one of the mischievous grins she was known for. "It seemed more fun this way."

"Well then, who's up for more fun?" the only man in the room said, leading the way upstairs to the master bedroom, Kathy and Jill getting up from the floor. 

"Nice ass, man slab," Kathy said, slapping Mike's ass as he passed by, all three women laughing as they ascended the stairs behind him.

"Hey, the kids aren't going to bust in on us, are they?" Mike asked in a lucid moment as he reached the top of the stairs.

"They're at my folks' for the night; no worries," Ginger assured her husband. 

The quartet entered the bedroom, Mike removing the bed spread before laying down on his back, Kathy and Jill on either side of him. Ginger sat down in the arm chair in the corner of the room, remaining clothed.

"You're not joining us?" Kathy asked with a pout.

"Maybe in a bit. This is Mike's special birthday treat; I'm going to watch the three of you, maybe offer a few suggestions," Ginger replied.

Kathy and Jill's attention quickly returned to Mike, their hands meeting on his cock and balls, stroking and fondling him as they lay on their sides. Kathy leaned in to kiss Jill, who eagerly joined her mouth to her friend's. Mike's hands found each of their pussies, his busy fingers sliding all around them, trying to mimic the moves he used to manually stimulate his wife. 

Ginger found the sight of her two friends and her husband touching one another arousing, but knew something was missing. She got up from her chair, walked over to her bedside table and opened the drawer where she kept her toys. She rifled through the drawer until she found the blindfold she and Mike rarely used. "Raise your head," she instructed her husband, applying the cloth over his eyes and pulling the strap around the back of his head. "This should add to your fun." To add to her own fun, she selected the smallest of her vibrators and her beaded glass dildo from the drawer, stripped down to her black underwear set and returned to her overstuffed chair. 

With Mike erect to his full seven inches and both women underwhelmed by his awkward handiwork, Ginger's two friends decided to up the ante. Mike felt them moving, the mattress shifting beneath their weight, then felt pressure on his head as one of the women lowered herself to his face. Just as he began to take in the smell and taste, slightly tangier than the pussy he'd eaten out just a few minutes earlier, he felt a hand grasp his cock and guide the tip into a warm, wet, snug hole.

"Fuck...it doesn't look much bigger, but Mike's dick fills me so much more than Dave's does," he heard Jill's husky voice say in reference to her husband's anatomy. Mike smiled at the compliment while extending his tongue to spread Kathy's folds, happy to concentrate on giving her pleasure while Jill controlled his cock. He felt Jill slowly lowering herself and then drawing away several times until she bottomed out, completely filled by his length and girth. She ground herself against him, shifting her hips, finding herself stretched in ways that she hadn't felt since she'd dated that one well-hung accountant who always stimulated her G-spot back in her nursing school days. 

Ginger sat back, thrilling to the show her husband and friends were putting on. She turned on the vibrator, used it to tease one of her sensitive nipples through her bra, the sensations traveling downward and increasing her arousal as she slid the device from one nipple to the other. She pulled up the elastic on the front of her panties, positioned the dildo so it lay parallel with her toned stomach, ran its rounded tip against her clitoris, stroking up and down. The visuals combined with the tactile sensations quickly brought her close to orgasm.

Both women on the bed were actively moving their hips, pinning the blindfolded Mike to the mattress. Kathy luxuriated in the sensations his tongue were bringing him, sliding along his face, feeling his chin and nose pressing against her as she wantonly face-fucked him. Jill, too, used him for her pleasure, losing herself in the feeling of the first new cock she'd enjoyed in years, turned on to see Kathy's tits bouncing around as her friend enjoyed Mike's oral ministrations. She leaned in while continuing to ride Mike's cock, her mouth latching onto the tip of Kathy's left breast, nibbling and sucking on her perfectly pink erect nipple, a wicked grin coming to Kathy's face as she felt not one but two mouths on her sexy body.

Kathy placed a hand beneath Jill's chin, tipping it up to her mouth, kissing her friend deeply while their ample breasts touched. The friction of Kathy's hard nipples sliding against hers felt unexpectedly amazing, as did the tongue in her mouth. 

Her panties now around her ankles, Ginger sat spread-legged, the first three segments of the beaded dildo having penetrated her folds. She rotated the smooth piece of glass inside her with one hand while the other ran the vibrator around her highly aroused love button. Not even the times they'd been in hotel rooms with mirrored walls and ceilings prepared her for the sight of her husband fucking. Her friends' eyes turned to her as they heard her vocalize her climax from across the room, her teeth gritted before she broke into a smile as she came with a lusty laugh, collapsing into the comfortable chair for a long minute while the action continued on the bed.

"Alright bitches, get off my man," Ginger said with a laugh as she dropped her toys to the ground. "That was good, but I really need some dick." Jill moved aside and Ginger took her place, sliding along the underside of her husband's slick cock as it lay against his stomach, Kathy removing herself from Mike's face. Ginger leaned in, her face inches from Mike's, smelling Kathy's sweet aroma on his face as she removed the blind fold. "How much do you have left in you, big boy?"

"You know how I am with the second go 'round," he replied. Ginger didn't; it had been a few years since he'd achieved multiple erections in a single sex session. "I should last for quite a while," he assured her.

Putting their years of practice to work, the couple managed to accomplish hands-free penetration, Mike sliding deep into Ginger in a single strong, deep, practiced stroke. As always Ginger thrilled to his entry, that perfect first moment when the love of her life's body joined with her own, her inner lips parting to take him inside. Mike, too, could never get over the thrill of the way in which her womanhood yielded to allow his bulbous head entry, and the way her pussy molded itself perfectly to his cock. She was willing to share him this once, but this was her man, and she loved him and still lusted for him even after all their years of marriage and the occasional trials and tribulations that came with it. "Mine, mine, mine," Ginger moaned as Mike thrust up into her, the two locked together in a powerful bed-shaking rhythm. 

Next to them, Jill lay down on her back and pointed down to her pussy. With a smile Kathy maneuvered into place over her friend's face, her mouth going between Jill's legs as she lowered herself. While Kathy was no stranger to eating pussy, Jill was new to it. Kathy knew this, but wasn't going to be denied her pleasure. She ground herself against Jill's face, almost forcing her friend to open her mouth and put her tongue to work on her. 

Jill submitted, melting under Kathy's practiced tongue, thinking that no matter what might be decided at the end of this day that she would welcome her friend between her legs again even as she struggled somewhat to appreciate the taste, smell and wetness of the pussy being forced against her face. It was so much more intense than the small licks of her own wetness that Jill had taken off of her own fingers or the taste that lingered on Dave's cock when she sucked him after he'd been inside of her. It wasn't unpleasant, just new. Within a few short minutes of fumbling she heard Kathy moaning with pleasure; Jill knew she must be doing something right. Maybe it was the smoothness of her friend's face rather than the stubble she was used to when men when down on her, maybe it was her beauty, or her enthusiasm, or all of this and a thousand other possibilities, but Jill found that Kathy's tongue was one of, if not *the*, best she'd ever felt on her.

As much as Kathy was enjoying her friend, she was also fascinated to have another couple right next to her. She watched them in her peripheral vision, the visuals combining with Jill's tongue and taste turning her on in a way she'd never felt before - and she was the most sexually experienced of the four people on this bed as far as she knew. 

Kathy closed her eyes, reveling in the sensations, when she suddenly felt something unexpected: a hard cock sliding between her mouth and Jill's sweet snatch...