 Part Four

Pam showered and was drying her hair with the hotel provided blow dryer while Mike took a quick shower. As Mike exited the bathroom in his towel, he looked at Pam in the mirror. 

"Lose the bra, you won't need it where we're going." Mike got dressed quickly, as it seems all men can, and was sitting on the bed, texting on his phone while Pam did her hair.

They had both got cleaned up and Pam was finishing getting her shoes back on when she finally had to ask.

"Mike, where are you planning on taking me?"

Mike smiled a very devious smile.

"You'll find out later, it's a surprise."

"Mii-iike! I hate surprises! Tell meeeee!" Pam pleaded.

"Nope, you'll just have to wait. You'll enjoy this. I got some insider info from Pete, so I'm confident you'll enjoy yourself."

Pam shrugged and sighed.

"Fine. But I really do hate surprises."

"You'll live." Mike smirked "C'mon, let's go." as he walked over and opened the door. Pam was back to being all slutted up like she was when Mike first picked her up and followed Mike out to the car.

Once in the cat, Mike reached over and opened the glove box and pulled out an eye mask. 

"Put this on." he said as he handed it to Pam.

"Really?" Pam asked incredulously

"Really. Put it on." Mike insisted

Pam gave Mike a sideways glance, but complied. She was leery, but she couldn't deny the excitement that was building. Mike had done a great job with what he had set up for her pleasure so far, so she trusted the rest of the night would be just as gratifying.

Once Mike was sure Pam couldn't sneak a peek out of the mask, he put the car in gear and headed out into the night for their destination.

It was only about 3 miles (felt like 3 hours to the blindfolded Pam) when Mike pulled into the parking lot of the adult video store and arcade.

Mike pulled up and saw the 3 men he had been corresponding with since they answered his ad. He had over 50 responses in the two weeks since he placed the ad, and had put a lot of effort into finding suitable guys. Mike chuckled as he remembered how many pictures of cocks he had looked at over that time and thought he never would have imagined there would ever be a reason good enough for him to be judging other guys cocks for his best friend's wife. You never where things will lead sometimes.

Pam was moving her head around, trying to get a glimpse of where they stopped. 

"Stop trying to cheat. I'm getting out to check on something. I'll be watching you so DO NOT peek!"

Pam grit her teeth and half grunted "Fine."

Mike got out and walked up to guys waiting just outside the door. He gave them their instructions and went over the boundaries again. They all seemed like good guys in person, and Mike was relieved that none of them gave him a bad vibe in person. The guys were anxious though, and kept looking past Mike at the masked Pam sitting in the car. 

"All right guys, see you inside. You're gonna be really glad you did this."

Mike popped inside the store really quick, gave a look around, only a couple of customers in the toy section. A quick glance down the hallway to his left where the booths were revealed a couple of red lights on indicating occupied booths were lit, but the booths Mike had planned on using were open. He made eye contact with the clerk behind the counter and the clerk nodded back at Mike. Mike knew the $50 he had given the clerk earlier was going to be well worth it. Mike turned around and went back outside.

Mike walked back to the car and opened Pam's door. She about jumped out of her skin we he did.

Mike said "Sorry, didn't mean to scare you." resisting the urge to laugh.

Mike put his hand on Pam's shoulder. 

"Take my hand, I'll lead you inside." 

"I can't take this damn thing off yet?" She asked

"Soon enough." he replied as she clumsily found his hand and he helped her out of the car. It wasn't too far from the car to the door. On cue, the 3 guys waiting out front performed the first task Mike had given them by audibly commenting on Pam as she walked up to the door. Not completely scripted comments, but planned all the same.

"Whoa. Goddamn, look at that."

"Wow, she looks ready to have a good time."

"Hot MILF on the move."

Mike smiled as he opened the door for Pam. 

"We're going inside, don't take the mask off yet." 

Before Pam could say anything Mike ushered her inside and guided her to the sharp left they needed to take to go down the hall. To the end of the hall way and Mike had the door open and Pam inside quickly. Mike looked back down the hall and saw the arranged cocks following as instructed. 

Mike ducked into the booth were Pam stood blindfolded and closed and locked the door.

"OK, take off the mask." he said as he pulled the money out of his wallet and began to feed a $20 into the machine. Pam took off her mask and it took just a second before the fuck flick on the screen to her right lit up the booth enough for her to know where she was.

"Mike! Seriously?!?! Oh my god...." she said as she looked around at the metal folding chair and the box of tissue mounted on the wall. 

"Pete told me you had a fantasy, so I arranged this. Relax and have a seat." Mike said as he slid the metal folding chair close enough to the wall for Pam to be right next to the custom built hole in the wall.

Pam was overwhelmed. She couldn't remember the last time she felt so excited and scared at the first time. This even bypassed the arranged stranger she had just fucked in a hotel room not a full hour ago. Mike patted the chair and Pam bit her lip, and then sat down quickly.

Mike leaned down to whisper in Pam's ear as she sat in the chair.

"Relax, Pete told me about the two of you watching porn, and I know you've seen enough gloryhole videos that you know what to do. Tap the hole for a cock when you're ready."

Pam looked to her left and saw the light flicker through the hole and could tell by the shadows there was already someone in there. She didn't know Mike had already chosen her neighbor based off his cock and a clean bill of health, verified by recent test results. All she knew was there was a stranger inches away, separated by one thin wall, who would offer her his cock, all she had to do was tap her finger at the hole. She could not believe how soaked her pussy had gotten. Her nipples were hard and sensitive and Pam could feel them straining against the sheer mesh of the blouse she was wearing.

Pam glanced at the screen and saw the porn playing...a bunch of clothed women sitting around as a male dancer paraded around getting his considerably large cock sucked. The lips around the cock on the screen were all she needed to see.

Pam reached up and tapped her finger along the hole. Almost instantly a hard, cut, veiny cock appeared though the wall. The hole was plenty big enough for the cock, but not big enough to give Pam access to the balls. Pam reached out, slowly and let her finger caress the cock, almost as if to find out if it were real or not. It twitched at her touch. Pam looked back up at Mike, with wide eyes, almost asking for permission Mike thought. Mike smiled and nodded towards the cock, a non-verbal "go on, suck it".

Pam regarded the hard cock sticking through the wall by the video screen's light. It looked almost perfectly round, like a pipe with a fat mushroom head on it. Not huge but very nice. The sounds of porn filled the air, the scent of bleach and this nice stiff cock pointing at her. Pam leaned in close, inspecting it. Nice and clean and looked healthy. Looked mouthwatering to Pam. She pushed it ever so slightly up and threw caution to the wind.

She leaned in and extended her tongue and licked up the length of it. She heard a moan from the other side of the wall and it excited her and made her nervous at the same time. 

"What if we get caught?" she whispered to Mike, looking back and holding the cock in her hand. Mike was smiling and shaking his head side to side. 

"We won't, don't worry. Doors locked, its ok." He urged.

Pam turned back and went for it. She opened her mouth and wrapped it around this hard cock. The hard veiny dick almost made her gush. She couldn't believe what she was doing. She moved her head back and forth on the strange cock and quickly was completely lost in the moment. Focused on nothing else except making a stranger cum, she went to work pleasing her new play toy. 

She used all her considerable skill, sucking and rolling her tongue along the underside of the cock as she pulled back, then sinking back down as far as she could. This cock was almost perfect, maybe just a tad too long to really deep throat proper, but she was damn close. She felt the man next door begin to move his hips, so she kept her head still for a moment, an inch or so from the wall and let him fuck her mouth. The sensation was amazing, this nice veiny cock going in and out of her mouth. The neighbor kept it up for a while, then was clearly too excited to continue in a good rhythm, so Pam resumed her motions and knew if she really went to work, the man on the other side would be shooting in no time.

She increased her suction and speed and sure enough, she heard a knock on the wall. Just like in the porn her and Pete had watched, it was then followed with a mouthful of cum for Pam. It had been 7 years since Pam and made a man cum with her mouth and she had done it twice in one night. As she expertly swallowed the stranger's load, she wondered how many more mouthfuls she would have before the night was through.

Pam milked every drop out of the stranger, then slowly let him pull out of her mouth. Pam watched the cock disappear as the stranger stepped back from the gloryhole and slowly her surroundings came back into her consciousness, the sounds of the porn movies, the light flickering from the video screen in her booth and the neighboring booth. She saw her neighbor zip up through the hole. Mike leaned down and whispered in her ear. 

"Having fun?"

Pam giggled, feeling a bit startled and a bit like an embarrassed girl. She looked back up at Mike and just nodded with a big Cheshire grin. She was having a very good time. Mike smiled and said "Good, there is more if you want it." gesturing to the wall again. Pam looked back forward and damn it if there wasn't a brand new cock in the hole. 

Pam's new cock to suck was only half hard, but this one was dark, black or possibly Hispanic. Pam inspected this one as she did the first. By all appearances and clean healthy cock. Pam did not touch it with her hands this time, she tilted her head and slipped it into her mouth and began to suck on it in slow pulses and she felt her nipples harden as it grew stiff in her mouth. She loved the feeling of a semi hard cock becoming fully erect from her efforts. 

As it became fully hard, she pulled her mouth back and licked down the shaft and back up. A full mast, this cock had an arc to it the previous one did not, up and to her right, it was a bit smaller than the last, every bit as veiny and beautiful. Pam went to work on it with the same zeal she used on the first. Rolling her tongue around it, licking up the shaft with the cock in her mouth, sucking hard as she pulled back with the cock in her mouth, creating a helluva a vacuum for the grateful owner of the cock. This stranger grunted more often than the last, which Pam appreciated. She liked knowing her efforts were being appreciated. 

She found out rather abruptly how much they were appreciated when this cock came without a warning. She was surprised, but still managed to get all of it in her mouth, despite the size of the load. It was one of the biggest loads she could remember taking in her mouth, and was very happy she managed to hold back a gag. She hated gagging, while sucking or swallowing.

As she finished off the latest cock, she heard a "goddamn!" from the neighbor. She let the cock go from her mouth and said "You're welcome." as the cock dangled free for a second before slipping back into its own booth.

The neighbor laughed and Mike laughed too. Pam had honestly forgot Mike was still in the booth with her, she was so consumed with her play things hanging through the gloryhole.

Mike leaned down and asked "Room for one more?" 

Pam nodded and said "Sure, I think I can take kneeling for one more cock, but then my knees are going to need a break."

"Good, there is another coming in for you. And, if your knees need a break, how about you bend over the chair and suck this next one while I fuck you?" Mike said with arched eyebrows. 

Pam smiled and chuckled "Sure, just give my knees a break and not cause you're turned on and want to feel my pussy wrapped around your cock, right? It's just to help me out, right?"

"Of course!" Mike replied with a laugh, adding some money to machine as it blinked, indicating time was soon to run out.

Pam stood and Mike moved the folding chair into position. Pam moved behind it and hiked up her skirt over her ass as she bent over. As she bent over, she could see her next gloryhole cock, and wow, what a cock! Hard as rock, and the thickest of the bunch so far. Same length as the first one, but easily the fattest of the night.

Mike bent down and gave Pam a quick tongue in her twat before standing back up and undoing his pants. He just catch the sight of Pam grabbing the thick cock at the base and sucking on the head as he rubbed his cock at Pam's slit. Mike looked down and loved the view as his cock slipped into her wet pussy. The black skirt bunched up at her waist, the feeling of her nylons against his thighs as he pumped into her.

Pam was in heaven with Mike's nice thick cock in her pussy and this lovely strange cock in her mouth. She moaned on the cock in her mouth as Mike found her clit with one hand and her asshole with the thumb on the other, pumping his cock steadily into her the entire time. Pam was pushed to orgasm faster than anytime previous this night and reluctantly had to stop sucking the cock in the gloryhole as she came. She held her grasp on the cock in front of her and tried to stroke it as she came hard on Mike's cock. She tried to stifle her orgasm and not let out the full on scream she wanted. Just as her orgasm subsided, she felt the wonderful sensation of her pussy being filled with hot cum and Mike grunted and grabbed both her hips and buried himself in her. Pam was drunk with lust at this point and almost immediately resumed sucking the cock through the wall with abandon the moment Mike withdrew from her.

She sucked and worshipped the cock in the hole, using all her tricks again to make this cock cum. This cock did as the first one did and began pumping his hips into the wall. Pam responded the same as the first time and let him fuck her lips. She had dropped back down to her knees and steadied herself with her hands on the wall as this big thick cock pumped in and out of her mouth. She felt Mike's lead oozing out of her and was beside herself in a lustful haze. Her neighbor knocked on the wall and Pam prepared and sucked even harder on the strange cock and was not disappointed as another load shot into her mouth and she swallowed it down yet again. She felt the twitch and jump of the cock in her mouth and sucked every drop she could out of the latest cock.

Mike leaned down, kissed her on the neck and groped her tits.

"You are the sexiest damn thing this place has ever seen. You are amazing!" Pam laughed, a bit breathless and still crazy turned on.

"I want more, but I think I better take a break." She said

"How did you like those three cocks?" Mike asked

Pam smiled and said "They were great! Fucking wow....just ....wow!"

Mike grinned back. 

"Want to fuck them? Back at the hotel?"

Pam's jaw dropped.

"Really?"

"Really. I set these guys up to meet us here, and told them if you liked them they might get to fuck you. Game?"

Pam was amazed, surprised, thrilled, all at once. 

"Damn Mike, you took this task of getting me fucked pretty seriously!"

Mike smiled wide as he finished zipping up his own pants.

"Do it right or don't bother, I always say."

Part Five

Pam was thrilled with Mike's suggestion. They straightened themselves up and walked out of the booth. They walked down to the end of the hall where it goes back to the main store area and Mike asked Pam to hold on a sec. 

He walked up to the clerk at the register and told him thanks again. The clerk smiled, glanced over at Pam and then back to Mike. 

"Did she have fun?" the clerk asked

"Fuck yes." Mike replied. 

The clerk shook his head, and said "Damn, I wish I could've snuck back. But with customers coming in and shit...damn it." 

Mike looked back at Pam and then back to the clerk. A young guy, maybe in his early 30s, wasn't bad looking. 

Mike said "Tell you what, what time do you get off?" The clerk said in about ½ an hour. Mike said "Give me your number and I'll text you later if she wants another cock, I'll text the address of our hotel. Cool?" 

The clerks eyes widened and he said "Really? Oh fuck yeah". Mike got his number and walked back to Pam. 

"Take a look at the clerk, would you fuck him?" Mike asked Pam. 

Pam glanced him over and said "From what I can see he's not bad looking, decent build, yeah, why did you offer me to him too?" 

Mike chuckled. 

"Not outright no, but said he may get lucky later. I'll text him if we need another stunt cock."

Pam laughed really loud at the stunt cock phrase and Mike took her by the arm and led her outside. The two of the three guys Mike had pre-arranged everything with were waiting out by their cars, as Mike had asked them to. Mike glanced around and didn't see the missing guy anywhere, so he thought "Well, fuck it, his loss." And walked Pam right up to the two guys who stuck around. Of course, Pam didn't realize these were the anonymous cocks she had just sucked. Mike walked Pam up to them and the men stood up straight and started to smile.

"Fellas, Pam here would like to follow us and give a good fucking. Are you gentlemen up for that?" As Mike started to talk, Pam realized who they were talking to and began to blush. She looked at the two men and immediately knew the young black man of course, but wondered which cock belonged to the Caucasian man standing there, the straight pipe dick or the fat, wider cock. Pam actually felt herself begin to blush a little!

The men said yes, they were indeed up for fucking Pam so Mike told them to follow them and he and Pam walked back to the car. 

As they got in, Pam said "I can't believe you didn't warn me that those were the guys I just sucked off!" 

Mike buckled up and laughed.

"Why? Would it have made a difference? It's not too weird now is it? For them to come fuck you silly at the hotel room?"

Pam chuckled and shook her head.

"I guess you're right. It just caught me off guard for some reason. Actually, no I am super ready to fuck them. This has been great Mike. Thanks for doing this for Pete and I."

"Of course Pam, you guys are my oldest friends. I am honored you considered me. Now, since one guy bailed on us, should I text the porn store clerk and get him in on it as well?" 

"MMM yes, get him too. I am ready to binge on cock!" Pam slid down in the seat, pulled her skirt up and began rubbing her pussy as Mike drove. 

Mike said "Fucking hell, I guess you are!" and sped up.

Mike pulled into the lot and the two cars pulled in right behind. Mike and Pam got out of the car and as they walked up to the side entrance that would lead down the hall to their room, Pam began to strip. Off came her light jacket, followed quickly by her sheer blouse. Mike gathered up the clothes as the hit the ground. They stood at the door for a moment, waiting for the two gloryhole cocks to catch up. As they waited by the outside door, Pam dropped the skirt to her ankles, stepped out of it and handed it to Mike. The gloryhole cocks sped up at the site of Pam standing out in the night air, in nothing but her high heels and black nylons, her pale white ass and dark trimmed bush shining in the moonlight.
