 You’ve got mail! Sure, that’s a corny way to start this tale, but that’s just how this adventure began.

About six months ago, I decided to post a profile on an adult swinger website. I was curious as to what kinds of people were out there, plus I loved looking at the pictures posted by the members. I guess it’s was voyeur in me coming out. My ad was pretty similar to most; nice looking single guy wishes to meet females or couples. Mine had one small twist. I was looking for a bisexual couple. 

I don’t really remember when I realized I was bicurious. I didn’t wake up one day and discover this, but I think it sort of developed slowly over time. Sometimes, when watching porn, I’d fast forward to the cum shot. Movies with transsexuals became interesting. I’d find myself wondering what it would be like to jerk off another guy. And yes, I admit I even thought of what it would be like to give another guy head. As for anal sex, I’m squarely in the “it’s better to give than to receive” camp…although a finger or two might be interesting. Like I said, this attitude developed over a period of years, and I finally decided to see if I could turn fantasy into reality.

I’ll admit I got lucky. The couple that contacted me was attractive, intelligent, fun to talk to, and very interested in helping me live my fantasy. I got email from them while on Thanksgiving vacation at my brother’s house. They had seen my profile, liked what they read, liked my picture, and wanted to know if I wanted to meet them. Before replying, I looked them up. Wow. The wife was very, very pretty. She was tall (about 5’11”), slim, lovely, small breasts, and my all-time favorite…a shaved pussy. And it was a pretty pussy, too. His picture was not posted, but his description sounded a lot like me. He was about 5’9”, with dark hair, a thick build, and a goatee. That’s pretty much how I look (or used to look, anyway). I responded that I would like to meet them, but was currently out of town and would contact them when I returned.

About a week later, we were all chatting on AIM, and having a blast. The wife and I had a very similar sense of humor and could play off of each other. As a joke, I started answering everything with “Yes, Ma’am, No, Ma’am” and she took to calling me her “boy toy”. We chatted a few times during the week and in what I would consider a supremely classy move, they asked me to write up my “perfect setting”. They were very interested in making it a reality, if possible, so I was more than happy to oblige. In addition, we agreed to meet early afternoon the following Saturday.

I swear it felt like two weeks went by instead of two days. I was so nervous I could barely eat. Well, maybe more excited than nervous. I never thought Saturday would get here, but finally it did. I was to meet them at a local restaurant that was a bit secluded so we could talk without being interrupted. Little did I know we’d do more than talk.

I arrived on time and met them going in the door. I was immediately impressed with both of them. Robin was a very attractive woman and incredibly friendly. She gave me a hug and quick kiss when her husband introduced us. I must admit that I developed a large crush on her in a moment’s time. She was dressed in a moderately short skirt, a blouse that showed just a hint of cleavage and another favorite of mine; high heels. In addition to being bicurious, I also have a foot fetish and love a woman in high heels. I remember mentioning this while chatting and thought it a very cool thing for her to wear. Her husband Mike was also a great guy, and we really did resemble one another from our similar builds, to same hair color and eye color. I was to find out later that this resemblance really turned Robin on.  We were shown to a secluded booth towards the back of a fairly empty restaurant.

The booth was semi-circular surrounding a large table. Mike slid in one side, I slid in on the other and Robin slid in behind me so I ended up in the middle. The conversation and food were great. We all had a couple drinks to loosen us up, and it made the conversation flow easily. It was like we’d known one another for a while and could talk on any subject. Of course, the subject eventually turned to the reason for our meeting. “So, Greg,” Mike said, “have you thought about what we talked about? Are you still interested in going through with this?”

I hesitated for a moment and then said, “I’ve done a lot of thinking on this lately, and have decided that, yes, this is something I do want to try. From our conversations over the past few days, you know that I’m pretty nervous about this, but you’ve both made me feel very comfortable and I’d like to move forward. As you know, I’m interested in being with you both and want to please and be pleased by both of you.”

“Well,” Robin said, “as we talked I gave Mike a sign that said I was interested in going further with this and he gave me the same signal in return. We’d both love to help you realize your fantasy and have actually booked a room at one of the local casinos so you’d not have to wait any longer.”

I was floored by this. I did bring an overnight bag as they suggested, but didn’t think I would need it. My reaction was to simply look from one to the other with my mouth hanging open. “Keep doing that,” Mike said, “and you’ll wind up with something in your mouth.” I sorta blinked, realized what I was doing, and quickly closed my mouth. They both laughed and then Mike said that they both wanted to know what I was willing to do and not do.

“Hmm…good question,” I said quietly, looking around the restaurant. “Well, Mike, I want to know what it’s like to make another man hard. I want to fill my palm with oil and rub it on another man’s cock until it’s hard and slick and shiny. I want to jerk you off and watch you cum.”

At this point, I felt Robin slide closer and lean into me, resting against my shoulder. She laid her right hand on my thigh and lightly scratched the inside with her finger nails. I’m a bit ticklish there and this action made my balls jump a bit. She had to have felt it as she continued to move her hand up and gently cupped my balls through my slacks. I was semi-hard the entire time we were talking and her actions moved me quickly past that point. I don’t think I’d ever been this hard this quick.

“Go on,” Robin whispered, “that can’t be all you want to do, is it? This night is all about you.”

“No,” I mumbled, “There’s more. I want Robin to sit on my face so I can eat her pussy. It’s something I’ve always wanted to do and never had the chance. While she’s doing this, I want Mike to play with my cock. To make it hard like I made his and then to suck it. I want to know what it feels like to have a guy suck my cock. 

Robin has worked my zipper open and pulls my cock out. I’m a bit unsure since this is in a public place, but Robin assures me it’s ok. They know the owners and apparently I’m not the first person to be seated between them. I lean back and let her play with me. I look over at Mike and see him watching what Robin is doing. He looks at me and I nod slightly, answering the question I saw in his eyes. His hand joins Robin’s.

I start talking as the two hands continue to rub and tease my cock. I tell them I want to share Mike’s cock and have Robin and I suck it together. We pass it back and forth, one sucking his cock, the other his balls. Robin removes her hand from my cock and begins to play with the hair at my neck, making me shiver. “Play with his cock, Mike, show him how good it can feel when a man strokes it.” She kisses my ear, nibbles gently on my earlobe, both of them slowly driving me crazy.

I can’t take much more of this and tell them. They ignore me. Mike spits in his hand and continues to stroke my cock, faster now. Robin is now squeezing my balls through my slacks as she keeps up a steady stream of talk in my ear. “Doesn’t it feel good, Greg? I don’t think a woman can jerk off a cock nearly as good as another man. Don’t you think so? Mike loves to stroke another man’s cock almost as much as he loves to stroke his own. I love to watch him do it to himself, but I especially like it when he does it to someone else. It makes my pussy wet just thinking about it.”

“I’m gonna cum,” I hiss. This is unlike anything I’ve ever felt. The feeling of two people trying to get you off at the same time is incredible. Mike jerks my cock with slow, deliberate strokes, then quicker strokes with his hand wrapped around the head. I am so close.

“Cum for me, Greg”, he says, “Go ahead, man, just let it go.”

I can’t hold off any longer and let it happen. A white rope of cum leaps from my cock and lands on the table, but I don’t care. I just want Mike to keep stroking. Robin grabs the cloth napkin and holds it at the head of my cock to catch my seed. My cock gets slick from the cum and the pleasure is almost unbearable. Mike’s stroking and my cumming eventually slow down. The napkin contains the biggest load I have ever produced. Robin takes another napkin and gently wipes my cock, cleaning the slick shaft as best she can.

“That….that was incredible,” I whisper, “I have never cum so much in my life. I think I might be dehydrated.”

They both laugh. Mike excuses himself to go wash his hands as Robin finishes cleaning me up. “Well,” she says, “now that that’s outta the way, I think we can go have some real fun.” She zips me up, grabs my hand and slides out of the booth. “We’ll meet Mike out by the car. Are you sure you’re ready?”

I nod my head and smile. “Sure, just let me sleep for an hour or so.”

“Nope,” she says, “I don’t think there’s going to be much sleeping tonight.”