 Tiffany is a sexy little blonde MILF, 5'3, 120lbs, flexible and muscular. She loves to dress sexy and tease men in her day to day work as a stylist. Her pussy often drips in her skimpy panties as she works her magic on clients in her chair - leaning over them pushing her breasts against their bodies, straddling their leg to get up close and personal, etc., all under the guise of cutting and styling her clients' hair.

Tiffany's weakness? Dark hair, hair, and brown skin. Her pussy gets wet for brown skinned men and women who have lots of dark hair. Spaniards, Italians, Mexicans. All are fair game for her wet housewife pussy. She loves the contrast seeing their brown cocks pumping in and out of her white pussy, and her white cum on their hard cocks! And she loved grinding against a fluffy bush, her pale white skin contrasting against the dark skin of a sexy woman!

Tiffany flew to Orlando for a three-day conference. She packed a few sexy pairs of heels, hose, lingerie, and sexy outfits. She always traveled prepared - always ready to primp and strut her stuff for a sexy man or woman who made her pussy wet. 

The conference was the usual - networking, social meetings, dinners out and drinks throughout. Tiffany knew how to work a crowd and her sexy smile, muscular legs shown off in high heels and short dresses, and charismatic personality caught the attention of both attendees and hotel staff alike. Attendees posed for selfies she liked to take and send back to her man at home. Staff watched from a distance and one bar tender snuck a picture of her while she sat at his bar.

"What can I make for you tonight?" the bartender asked with a smile.

"Hey! I'd like something spicy. Can you make a spicy margarita?" Tiffany answered.

"For you, absolutely. How spicy do you like it?" he asked.

"Medium. And what's your name?" Tiffany asked.

"Mateo. My name is Mateo" the bartender replied.

"Well hi, Mateo! I like that - Mateo! I'm Tiffany, Mateo." 

"Good evening, Tiffany. Nice to meet you. Let me make you your drink now." Mateo replied and then walked away to mix her drink. He definitely noticed how pretty she was. Her blonde hair and green eyes, the red lipstick, the smokey eye makeup.

Tiffany watched Mateo mix her drink. She liked his ass, his curly dark brown hair, and his brown skin. His smile and accent turned her on, and noticed a feeling in her crotch as she watched him move behind the bar.

"Miss Tiffany, your spicy Margarita," Mateo served her with a smile.

"Thank you, Mateo" Tiffany replied, sending him a smile right back. 

"Let me know how you like it," Mateo said to her.

"Wait right there, Mr. Mateo. Let me take a taste" Tiffany said, smiling at him. And then she slowly lifted the glass to her lips and while looking directly at him she slowly licked a little salt off the rim of the glass and then took a sip. 

"Mmm... I like it, Mateo." Tiffany said with a smile.

Mateo liked that she liked the drink. And he liked watching her sip it. He felt his cock stir in his jeans as he watched her tongue dance on the edge of the glass. If only he knew what a hot slut she was for brown-skinned, dark haired, hairy men! He could have had her come behind the bar, drop to her knees, and suck his hairy cock!

"Hey Mateo, I need to take a couple sexy pics to send back to my man. He likes to see me dolled up and posing while I'm out of town. Take my phone and snap a few shots for me" Tiffany said.

"Sure" Mateo responded, taking her phone and smiling.

Tiffany licked very slowly along the rim of her glass, her eyes staring straight into Mateo's eyes, all the while Mateo was snapping pictures for her. 

"Got a few good shots, hon?" Tiffany asked.

"I think so" Mateo replied. "Take a look and let me know".

Tiffany took her phone back and looked at the pictures Mateo shot. "These will do nicely, Mateo. My man will get hard looking at them for sure. Thank you!" Tiffany said. "I need to head back to the conference now, let me settle up."

"I've got ya" Mateo said with a smile. "No charge, drink is on me" Mateo continued.

"Are you sure?" Tiffany asked.

"Absolutely. Love a sexy lady!" Mateo said smiling.

"Well, Mateo, later tonight a few of us are going dancing and I love to dance. If you are free and want to join in here is my number, send me a text and I will let ya know where we are" Tiffany said, handing Mateo a piece of paper.

Mateo looked at the paper and saw a phone number but also read the words "I get horny dancing with a man who is a good dancer" on the paper. He looked up at Tiffany and she winked at him as she blew him a kiss and strutted away.

Tiffany felt her own wetness between her thighs as she strutted out of the bar toward the conference room. She wondered about Mateo's cock and his hair. She wondered if he might message her later and maybe even meet up. In the meantime she sent the pic of her licking the glass back home with the message "Too bad it's not your cock".

As the conference wound down and plans were made for a dance club, Tiffany's mind wandered and she thought about Mateo. He was her calling card to a T - average height and build, dark hair, brown skin, great smile, and hair all over his arms. She wondered about his cock and his bush - she hoped he was manly and not clean shaven.

The conference group ended up at Attic Orlando for a late night of drinks and dancing. The club was crowded, obnoxiously so, but the music was good and the drinks were great! Tiffany was on the dance floor as she loved to dance! She danced with girls and guys and by herself. Though it was hard to dance solo at the Attic. Her short black dress and strappy black heels showed off both her legs and her ass. 

During a break in the ladies room Tiffany checked her phone and saw a message from Mateo. She replied back to him that she was having fun dancing at the Attic and he was welcome to come join if he liked. Mateo responded he would be there in 20 and Tiffany exited back onto the dance floor.

"Hey, Tiffany!" Mateo shouted with a smile as he danced up beside her.

Tiffany responded turning her back to Mateo and dancing back up on him, pushing her body against his, turning to say hi to him and smile. They danced together for 2 songs during which Tiffany worked her magic - she loved putting on a show and seeing if she could feel a man's cock through his clothes as they danced. She liked what she felt as she pushed back against Mateo.

"Hey would you like a lap dance?" Tiffany shouted in Mateo's ear.

Mateo responded with a grin and pulled her by her waist to the side of the dance floor where they found an empty bar stool.

It wasn't a chair, but Tiffany had no problem dancing for Mateo as he sat on the stool. As a former dancer she had all the moves that would drive a man crazy, and she thoroughly enjoyed teasing a man she was attracted to.

"Hey Mateo" Tiffany whispered in his ear as she straddled his lap, "I can give you a much better dance in private. Are you game?"

"Absolutely, Tiffany!" Mateo responded. "But I actually came here with a buddy of mine. He's over there dancing" Mateo pointed toward his friend.

Tiffany followed his point and laid eyes on another man she was instantly attracted to. Dark hair, dark eyes, brown skin, and a beard! She loved hair! 

"Well let's go say hi to your friend," Tiffany said as she pulled Mateo by his hand toward the dance floor.

Tiffany and Mateo joined his friend on the dance floor and Mateo introduced his friend to Tiffany, "This is Diego, Tiffany".

"Hi Diego!" Tiffany smiled.

"Hello, Tiffany" Diego replied. "I see you've been keeping Mateo happy over there."

"Ha! Did you like the show?" Tiffany teased as she turned her back to Diego and bounced back up on him, grinding to the beat.

"OH yeah," Diego answered, his hands finding their way to Tiffany's waist and holding her firmly as they danced together. 

"Well we were getting ready to leave, want to join us?" Tiffany asked Diego.

Diego looked at Mateo and Mateo smiled, "Sure" Diego answered and the three left the dance floor to grab an Uber.

"Where are we going?" Diego asked as they got in the Uber car.

"Well I have a suite at my hotel so we can go there" Tiffany responded as she squeezed between Mateo and Diego in the backseat of the car. Tiffany purposely kept her legs slightly open as she sat between the pair of men as that caused her dress to ride up high on her muscular thighs.

"Sounds fun" Mateo said as he smiled at Tiffany.

They arrived at her hotel and entered the elevator to ride up to her suite. As they rode up Tiffany put each of her arms around Diego and Mateo and said "I hope you gentlemen like a lap dance".

As they entered the suite Tiffany told the men to take a seat in two chairs separated by a small table. She lowered the lights and put on some music from her phone. Seductively she smiled at Mateo and Diego and slowly danced toward them. She began with Mateo, bending over, grabbing her ankles, slowly looking back at Mateo and running her hands up her legs from her feet to the bottom of her dress. She then slid over to Diego and repeated the same move.

"You know, guys, we have our own private room here, touching is allowed. That is, if you want to touch yourselves as I dance for you" Tiffany whispered as she moved away from the men and pulled her dress up revealing her crotchless panties.

She moved back to Mateo, dropped to her knees, and said "Can I unzip your jeans, Mateo?"

Mateo smiled and nodded yes. Tiffany's fingers found the zipper to his jeans, she slowly pulled the zipper down and then unbuttoned them. Pulling the jeans apart to either side Tiffany looked down at Mateo's bulge and then back up at Mateo. "Mmmm, nice. " And she kissed his cock through his underwear.

Moving over to Diego, Tiffany repeated herself, and Diego of course was game, and so Tiffany unbuttoned his jeans and kissed his cock through his underwear, too. "I like" Tiffany said seductively as she looked into Diego's eyes.

"You gentlemen strip down naked while I enjoy watching you" Tiffany said as she laid back on the sofa, spreading her legs, finding her wet pussy with her right hand as she sucked a couple fingers on her left hand. 

She watched them as they removed their shirts and shoes, followed by jeans and underwear. She loved it! Two hot men in her suite with beautiful brown cocks, nice hairy balls, fluffy bushes, and sexy bodies!

"I love sucking cock, so you two need to come over here and bring me those cocks!" Tiffany said as she dropped to her knees on the floor.

First up was Mateo. He cock was dark brown, not too long but thick already and his balls were hairy. She kissed his cock multiple times and then worked her way under to his balls, lick them and sucking on their hair. Working her way back to his cock she sucked him into her mouth and began using her mouth to suck Mateo's cock rock hard. She felt his hands on her head, pushing her forward, forcing her to swallow more of his thick cock. She popped his cock out of her mouth and smiled, "Nice!"

"Now give me your cock, Diego!" Tiffany said turning toward Diego. Diego moved closer and Tiffany immediately opened her mouth, taking his limp cock in her mouth and moaning on it, turning Diego on, causing his cock to swell. Not as fat at Mateo's cock but just as delicious with golden brown skin and dark pubic hair. Bobbing back and forth, taking Diego's hard dock into her throat, Tiffany knew she was so wet just from tasting these cocks!

Mateo moved closer and soon Tiffany had both cocks before her. Alternating back and forth, stroking and sucking their cocks, Tiffany was in heaven. 

"That's right, suck our cocks" Diego stated. "You like it, don't you?"

Hearing those words drove Tiffany crazy! She loved dirt talk and she was already so horny! Now this man was talking dirty to her! 

"YES!" Tiffany replied. "I love sucking two cocks at the same time" she continued as she stuffed the heads of both cocks in her wanting mouth. She loved chocking on cock, especially two cocks!!

"Let's take her over to the bed" Mateo said to Diego. The two men picked Tiffany up by her waist and legs and carried her to the bed. 

"Are you ready for some hard cock in your married pussy, Tiffany?" Diego asked.

"Yes" Tiffany almost whispered as she saw Diego position his big brown cock between her thighs. He rubbed the head of his cock up and down her wet, swollen slit, pausing each time at her pussy, pushing ever so slightly against her hole, but not plunging in.

"Do you want my cock inside you?" Diego asked.

"Yes, please, please fuck me" Tiffany responded as she wrapper her legs around him trying to pull him closer, to force his cock inside her waiting pussy.

"Look at me as I push inside of you" Diego stated.

Tiffany looked at Diego as she felt his cock push inside her ... slowly ... stretching her little wet pussy ... discomfort at first ... he kept going ... deeper ... 

"Oh God, it feels so good" Tiffany moaned as she felt every inch of Diego's cock bury inside her.

They fucked for a couple of minutes, Diego slowly pumping her pussy with his cock, his balls slapping against her ass as she lifted her hips to take him deep.

Mateo watched the action and then positioned himself beside Tiffany. "Suck my cock" he instructed Tiffany.

Needing no invitation Tiffany was already grabbing Mateo's cock and pulling it to her mouth. She loved being stuffed at both ends - a cock in her pussy and another cock in her mouth. 

The men switch places, Mateo's thick cock positioned to stretch her pussy wider while Diego was straddling her face, forcing her to kiss and lick his balls.

Tiffany felt Mateo's cock push inside ... stretching her even wider ... "Ugggh" she moaned as his fat cock buried its way inside of her.

"You like that, don't you?" Mateo asked.

"Yes. Yes. Yes I like it. I love your cock, Mateo" Tiffany replied as she spread her legs wide to accommodate the girth of Mateo's cock.

He fucked her pussy while Diego fucked her mouth. She was on her back, dress hiked up, crotchless panties wrapped around Mateo's cock, heels on and pointed to the sky as her pussy was drilled. 

"Do you want us to stop?" Diego teased Tiffany.

"No! Don't stop!" Tiffany breathed as she took the thrusts of Mateo, his heavy balls slapping her ass.

"Are you sure?" Diego continued to tease.

"Yes please don't stop" Tiffany begged.

She felt Mateo's cock harden, she knew he was close to cumming! Mateo pulled out and shot his hot cum all over her bush and her tits, coating her with his juices.

"Fuck yeah" Mateo muttered as he stroked his cock slowly, emptying his cum from within it.

Diego began stroking his cock faster and faster as Tiffany sucked his hairy balls. She saw his balls draw tight and she knew he was close to cumming! 

"UGH" Diego moaned and Tiffany felt hot cum on her tits and neck, and then on her bush. Diego covered her with his load of cum and then pushed his cock back into her mouth. She tasted his cum and licked his cock.

Before she knew it she was being turned over and Mateo laid on his back. 

"Slide down on my cock, Tiffany" Mateo instructed.

She was wore out but she couldn't say no. She loved cock and cum! She climbed atop Mateo, sucked his cock rock hard and then positioned her pussy over it, lowering herself down slowly onto his fat brown cock. Slowly at first, up and down, riding it until she took it balls deep and felt his bush against her bush.

Soon she felt something against her ass. Diego had positioned himself behind her and was rubbing her finger against her asshole. 

"You like getting fucked in the ass, don't you, Tiffany?" Diego teased her.

"I do" Tiffany responded quietly as she grinded against Mateo.

Diego positioned his cock against her asshole, slowly but firmly pushing until the head pushed inside ... "Ouch" Tiffany whimpered but Diego didn't withdraw. He kept pushing slowly forward, burying his hard cock inside her ass.

Tiffany was in heaven! The was getting fucked in both holes, two brown cocks balls deep inside her pussy and ass. They found a rhythm and soon everyone was moaning from the pleasure they were giving and receiving.

"I'm gonna cum" Tiffany said with excitement as her pussy and ass wrapped around their cocks, squeezing them tightly.

"That's right, married slut, cum on our cocks" Diego said with authority. "You love it, don't you?"

"Ugh YES! I'm cumming! " Tiffany exclaimed as her pussy spasmed around Mateo's cock.

"Good girl" Diego said softly. "Now get ready" he continued as he picked up his rhythm and soon his cock spasmed as he came, shooting his cum deep inside her ass!

Within seconds Mateo grunted and he, too, came. He came hard! Tiffany couldn't move, held in place by the two men, their cocks spasming and flooding her with cum.

After a moment Diego pulled his cock out and Tiffany slid up and off Mateo's cock, rolling over to her back, legs spread, exhausted.

"Stay there like that" Mateo instructed. He went and got her phone. "Time to take another hot picture, remember?" he said with a smile.

Mateo took a couple pics of Tiffany on her back, dress pulled up, tits pulled out, her pussy and ass both leaking cum, clearly showing a well fucked slut in both holes. 

"Now you have some pics to send to your man, Tiffany" Mateo said as he handed the phone back to her. Tiffany smiled back at Mateo before getting up and as the men dressed she thanked them for the night of hot fun, kissing them both before returning back to her bed after they left her hotel suite.

She laid on the bed and sent a pic to her man with the words "Too bad yer not here to clean up, guess I'll have some cum inside my pussy and my ass all night."