 "Bugger!" Sandra said out loud. She was lost and it was dusk. How bloody stupid of her to leave her SatNav at the office. She knew she'd be late out of the meeting and he knowledge of Buckinghamshire was lousy. She could negotiate her way around the M25 quite easily but take her out into the sticks and she was useless. Her partner had bought her the SatNav for this very purpose and she'd gone and left it back in the office. It was 8.30 and September was not renowned for having light evenings. Autumn was on the way, which was more than she could say for herself.

She pulled over and looked at her UK Road atlas book. For all Sandra knew, the book could have been about nuclear physics or written in Urdu! She had never been good at orienteering and had always tried to ensure that her meetings were either in places she knew well or did a joint meeting with a colleague. Today, however, was a special case, a corporate customer was in dispute with a supplier and wanted legal advice. Being a corporate lawyer, she was in big demand and had been seconded to see the company executives for a 4.30 meeting. Sandra had arranged for her own mum to collect her son from school and desperately wanted to get home to see him. He was very sensitive since his dad left them high and dry. Sandra's previous partner, the father of their son, was a police officer working in London and had recently transferred to diplomatic protection making his presence with his own son even more limited. Brett seldom saw his real dad and had adopted Sandra's new partner, Rick, as his adopted dad. Rick, however, was often out of the country on business and stayed over occasionally, creating further uncertainty for Brett, hence Sandra's concern to get home. At least with her about, Brett had some continuity.

Sandra had pulled over, her indicator light on the car flashing, creating an amber glow against the bushes of the country lane. She was still in business attire which was smart but revealing. Sandra had learned very early on that she was attractive and had enjoyed a healthy love life, enjoying several partners over the years. She may even have still been with Rick had he not infected her with a sexually transmitted disease from his obvious playing away from home.

Sandra leaned back and reached for her suit jacket which hung from a hook over the back seats, fumbling for her mobile phone. Maybe she'd ring her boss at home, he might be able to direct her towards the motorway, any motorway would do, most motorways connect with each other and she would be bound to recognise some town or city. Her face paled when she saw her mobile battery was flat. 

"Bugger!" she shouted again. She must have left the phone on during the meeting which had gone on longer than expected. Furthermore, the charger was with her SatNav back in the office. Today had started off so well, her appointment with her clients had been fruitful and she'd helped to win a contract earlier, using her attractive body and female charms to entice the male executive to sign there and then. Her smart business suits always involved the shortest of skirts and just enough gap between skirt and top for the top of her incredibly brief panties to be visible.

But now, her meeting had gone on too long and now she was lost without technology. She'd have to find a call box and phone someone from there, maybe a pub or hotel would have a pay phone she could use.

Slamming the car into gear, her mood was one of anger and temper as she stood on the accelerator pedal. The tyres screeched before gripping the road surface just as headlights appeared in he rear view mirror. The approaching vehicle slammed on it's brakes as Sandra battled to control the vehicle, avoiding collision by the smallest of fractions. 

Her pulse raced at the thought of the potential accident she had just avoided which had been her fault, she was in a bad mood and she'd almost caused an accident. Her mind was still in turmoil when she looked in the rear view mirror. Her bad day continued to get worse, the blue flashing light behind her telling her she'd picked the wrong vehicle to pull out in front of.

"Bugger!" she yelled again. She saw a lay by and pulled over, the police van pulling in behind her, the blue bar light remained flashing, the lights reflecting off the forest adding to the eeriness. She turned the engine off and wound the window down, noticing the quietness of the forest. Both police officers got out of their van, their yellow reflective jackets tinted slightly red from her own tail lights of her car. 

Sandra's mind spun, she'd had a copper as a boy friend for some time and she knew what bastards they could be. Oh, sure, she'd met some of his colleagues at various functions and despite knowing she was in a relationship and had a child with this guy, it hadn't stopped his colleagues hitting on her, trying to get her pissed and get into her knickers.

She had no time for the old bill. When her mother used to call the police "The filth", Sandra had been quick to defend them, especially as she was in a relationship with one at the time. But since he did the dirty on her, and infected her with Chlamydia, she'd rapidly changed her mind. They were filth, nothing more than filth. And here they were, pulling her over. OK, it was her fault for being careless as she'd pulled away but in her defence, the police car was travelling at speed, probably faster than it should have been. 

As a corporate lawyer, she was great at defence statements and could counter attack as good as any lawyer but domestic and civil law was different. She'd specialised in corporate law for better money but, right now, some experience in civil law would have been helpful.

"Is this your car, madam?" the officer asked, his voice routine and tone less. She looked at him and saw his face, totally unemotional. Sandra felt like responding facetiously but thought better of it. 

"Yes, officer" she answered boldly. Her legal training had given her plenty of confidence as did her attractive body. She knew she was desirable, petite in height at 5'2", she looked of Malaysian or Indonesian origin, her mother being of mixed far eastern origin, her father she never knew. But despite all that, she was pretty and dressed to kill. The police officer was unmoved by her charms as she smiled politely. In the distance, she could hear muffled messages coming through the police radio in the vehicle behind her. The second copper was lurking at the back of her car, looking for minor mis-demeanours that could add to further charges. The accomplice was a probationer, a new lad in his first 2 years and eager to get as many nicks under his collar as he could.

"Step out of the car please" the first officer said and Sandra unclipped her seat belt before stepping out of the car. Her slender legs, protected by her short pin-striped skirt and 10 denier tights were not un-noticed by both police officers and despite she standing just 5'2", they were delightful and in proportion with the rest of her body.

"You have your driving licence, madam" the experienced officer continued, trying to regain his composure. He'd certainly seen some lovely ladies in his time and this one was certainly in the top 10 stunners he'd ever stopped. He loved his job, he was able to get names, addresses and telephone numbers from people and could also use his rank and position to indulge in a wide range of lewd acts and still be within the law. He grinned at the probationer and gave a subtle nod. 

Sandra had leaned back into the car to reach for her bag containing her purse, her cute arse stuck out into the darkness, the beam from the police vehicle and the flashing lights providing sufficient light for the police officers to see her buttocks, her panties of black lace being little more than a G string. The young copper drew in breath sharply and got a cold glance from his superior. Sandra was aware that she had probably caused a bit of a stir in their trousers and she playfully wiggled her bum as she pulled her purse from her bag. She stood and straightened herself out, handing her photo-card drivers licence to the senior officer, casually glancing at the younger lad and smiling seductively. If she played her cards right, they might let her off with just a caution and, hopefully some directions.

"I'm trying to find the M4" Sandra interjected whilst the senior policeman was writing her details on his notepad. "Where am I at the moment?" she asked.

"Burnham Beeches" the younger copper replied promptly, receiving another glare from his superior. It wouldn't have made any difference, Sandra might as well as been in the sea of tranquillity, such was her local geographical knowledge.

"Can you tell me how to get to the M4 please?" she asked, using her best little firl lost voice and trying to look innocent and harmless. The superior officer carried on writing.

"What are you doing this far out of town then?" he asked. The younger copper was checking her tyres for adequate tread, any thing he could slam her with a ticket for.

"I was at a meeting and I got lost. My phone has no charge and I'm trying to find the motorway so that I can.........."

"Oi, Guv? Come here" the younger police officer called and the senior officer indicated for Sandra to lead the way. The younger police officer held his torch at the inside of the back door pocket which he had opened. He pointed to a clear plastic bag, about the size of a cigarette packet, containing white powder of some sort.

"Now hang fire a minute. You've just planted that......." Sandra began but the senior officer interrupted.

"Enough" he barked. "You're under arrest. You do not have to say anything but it may harm your defence if......"

"Cut the caution" Sandra said. "I'm a lawyer, I know my rights and that is a plant".

"Assume the position" the young lad said. She looked at them incredulously. 

"You heard the man" the senior barked. "Assume the position". Sandra could not believe her ears. They really thought she was carrying some package of.....god knows what.....it was all a mistake. It must have been planted. 

The senior officer approached her and turned her around, making her lean forward so her hands were against the body of her car. She felt his hands against her back and arms as he gave her a body search, his hands wandering over her breasts which she flinched at. She felt the copper stand closer and his hands started to unbutton her blouse. She turned to protest.

"Assume the position, Miss" he barked, one of his hands forcing her head back onto the metal of the car, his other hand feeling her small but perfect breast through the material of her bra. She felt his groin against her back, the tell-tale lump of an erection through his trousers telling her that the day was about to get worse still.

"I think we need to do an internal search" he said to his younger accomplice, removing his hands from her. He bundled Sandra into the back of the police van.

"What about my car?" she begged. "It's got my work in the back and everything".

"Your car will be safe. My colleague will follow us" the senior said, slamming the back of the van. Sandra sat on a bench within a cage and she felt like an animal. She wondered about the type of people that would normally be bundled into a police van, certainly not someone of her standing, with her level of education, status, income and status. What had the world come to? 

The vehicle travelled for about a mile before it slowed down and took a hard left, the road feeling very rough and bumpy, despite the slow speed and Sandra got the impression they were driving off road. The vehicle drew to a halt and the engine switched off, the sound of her own car also switching off. Somehow, Sandra knew it wasn't the police station.

The back doors were opened and the darkness enveloped her. Her eyes adjusted to the outside darkness, it was some sort of wood or forest.

"Right you. Out!" the older copper demanded. Sandra stood her ground but the strong arms of the law soon removed her from the vehicle.

"What do you think you are you doing?" she demanded.

"There's no one for miles, sweetheart" the younger police officer smirked. "Shout as loud as you like, no-one'll hear ya!"

Sandra gulped. This was not the Australian outback or the deserts of Arizona, this was the UK. Buckinghamshire, no less! This sort of thing only happens in Hollywood movies, surely?

She felt her jacket being slowly removed, the older officer searching the pockets as he did so. He stood behind her, casting her pin striped jacket to the floor, his strong arms engulfing her waist. Sandra felt his warm breath on her cheek, the smell of tobacco overpowering.

"Stop it, please stop it!" Sandra implored but her plea's fell on deaf ears, the older officer moving his hands up and cupping her small, petite breasts and she could feel his erection pressing against the small of her back.

"We might let you off with a caution......." the officer said, "......but dangerous driving, I'm not too sure....." his hands caressed her breasts with more vigor, ".....unless, of course, you'd be prepared to come to some arrangement"

Sandra's heart was pounding, adrenalin causing her to panic a little.

"Like what?" She asked, tentatively.

"You see my friend here?" the older officer asked, nimbly unbuttoning her blouse, "He suffers from a condition called dry-dick syndrome and he needs to keep it moist, otherwise he gets quite obnoxious. Would you like to see my friend being obnoxious?"

Sandra bit her lip, not wanting to cause trouble, realising they were both obnoxious pricks.

"N..n...n....no" she stammered.

"Good" the younger officer said, in an obnoxious fashion. By now the older police officer had undone all her buttons and had exposed her bra covered breasts to the cool night air. Without realising it, Sandra's top had been discarded onto the dirt beneath their feet, the light from the back of the police van making the white top stand out against the darkness and the dirt.

"You can start by ensuring his dick is moistened. Poke your tongue out" the older one ordered, forcing Sandra to her knees. Sandra knelt, there was no choice and she opened her mouth expectantly, fear driving her actions. Within moments, the young copper had removed his yellow fluorescent jacket, exposing his hard-on to the atmosphere, guiding it towards Sandra's expectant mouth.

"Lick it!" he ordered and Sandra obeyed, fearful of the consequences. How could two officers that were there to uphold the law be in such contempt of what they stood for?

She felt her skirt being raised, her briefs pulled to one side and stubby fingers probing at her pussy. Sandra felt repulsed at the actions of these police officers, having disdain for them anyway following the lousy treatment the father of her son and she had decided to avoid the police at every conceivable opportunity.

And here she was, in the middle of no-where, all she knew it was somewhere in Buckinghamshire, with a pair of police officers who were molesting her.

The older copper knelt behind her probed and at her pussy, his fingers entering her, noticing her dryness. Sandra grimaced at the discomfort, her sudden intake of breath creating a sucking effect on the younger copper.

"Mmm, do that again" he ordered, holding her ears and pulling her mouth deeper onto his erection. Sandra reluctantly complied, her cheeks caving in as she sucked. The younger copper was getting quite aroused and began to thrust himself into her mouth, Sandra struggling to retain her breath. 

Meanwhile, the older officer had lowered his trousers, his firm erect penis being directed towards Sandra's unsuspecting pussy. He spat on his fingers and spread the saliva over his dick, the best lubrication he could muster. Sandra had felt his movements behind her and had guessed what might be happening, but the speed of his movements surprised her. Almost immediately, the head of his circumcised cock met with the lips of her labia, and before she could respond, he had thrust himself into her. Sandra squealed in pain as he entered her, his length and girth substantial for her petite frame. 

"She's a tight one, this one is!" the older copper laughed, his movements unsubtle and rough. He held her hips with both hands, controlling the speed of penetration, his thrusts deep and deliberate. Sandra was still scared yet the size of the cock inside her was sufficient to stimulate her sex nerves and she found herself moistening as his cock rode her, thrusting in and out like a piston. How could this be? She was being raped yet she was being aroused by it. 

Sandra tried to put the thoughts out of her mind but she found her self moaning in delight as the copper fucked her from behind.

"yeez, we've caught a right randy little bitch here, skipper" the younger officer stated, "listen to her moan!"

Sandra tried to keep her emotions to herself but her body betrayed her, responding to the enormous organ placed in her cunt.

"Stop" she muttered, but the sound was incomprehensible, the other cock in her mouth stifling her speech.

"She wants more, guv" the younger officer said. 

"Sounds like it, doesn't it?" came the reply. Sandra wanted it to stop, yet she didn't the sensation in her pussy was the likes she'd never known before. Her sucking actions became more rigorous as her own climax built, her head bobbing up and down like a hen pecking corn. The younger copper was close to his own climax and he held on to Sandra's ears tighter, pulling her head onto his own cock.

"Swallow this" he squealed, his knees beginning to tremble as he unleashed his load deep into Sandra's waiting gullet, pumping his warm sticky sperm across her tongue and down her oesophagus. 

The older copper had seen his mate climax and the vision had added to his own excitement. His thrusts became faster and firmer, his grip on her hips likely to leave bruising on her slender body. Still he thrust himself into her, his unprotected penis against the smooth moist vaginal lips of this attractive young lady. To his surprise, Sandra was bucking back against him, enjoying the sensation of his balls slapping against her, her breathing laboured but easier now she'd swallowed the cum and had her mouth free from obstructions.

"I'm coming" she whispered, aware that she may well have been turning the police officer on more than she ought to, almost telling him it was OK.

Her words created the spark needed for final ignition and the copper was at the point of no return.

"Fuck. I'm coming. I'm coming inside you, you bitch" he spat, his body tensing, she felt the tell tale signs of the first wave of muscle contractions within the penis inside her before the blessed release, his spunk flooding into her unprotected pussy, ejaculating inside her, the pressure of release tickling her insides, causing Sandra to climax almost simultaneously, her body tensing, her pussy lips contracting on the enormous cock inside her, pressing down on it like a vice, causing the officer to sigh with enjoyment.

He withdrew from her, wiping the smears against the material of her panties which she still wore, pulled to one side for his access. The younger copper had already dressed and the older officer rapidly followed suit.

"Next time, be careful when you pull out" the younger copper said, realising the potential double entendre. "Get it?!" he smirked.

"Oh, I got it all right" said the older copper, also smirking. "And if we find you breaking road traffic laws like that again, you'll be dealt the same punishment, you understand?"

Sandra scrabbled around for her clothes, mud and grass stains over her top. She dressed as the police van turned around, and headed for the exit. Sandra had seen her own car and she watched the police vehicle as it drew away, the headlights not being switched on until it reached the main road. She couldn't even get the number plate of the vehicle, so how could she report the attack?
