 "What?!" she demanded, dumbfounded that her husband would ask something like this of her.

"Look, it's just a couple of guys and they're really important to the company," her husband replied. "You could probably just give them hand jobs or something." He went back to shaving.

She was sitting up in bed, mouth open in disbelief as her husband calmly got ready for his day. She swung her legs over the edge of the bed and stood, tying the short silk robe at her waist and clutching it closed near the top. It barely covered her ass as she crossed to the bathroom, and she subconsciously pressed her legs closed as she leaned against the doorway.

"You're the one who keeps saying I deserve a raise," her husband said in response to her silence. "Remember when you wore that short cocktail dress to the Christmas party and wondered if anyone noticed how much cleavage you were showing?" She nodded slowly, still trying to wrap her head around the whole situation. "Well", he continued, "they noticed."

She didn't remember anyone looking at her during the Christmas party, she just remembered feeling self-conscious about her dress showing a bit of cleavage and hugging her tummy tighter than she was comfortable with. She may have had several drinks before dragging her husband onto the dance floor.

"But sleeping with another man would be unfaithful to you," she said, reaching out one hand to touch his shoulder.

"And I'm telling you to play nice and do what they want, and if you don't do what I tell you then THAT's being unfaithful to me," he shot back, shaking off her hand and turning to face her. "I already told them you'd meet them tonight at 9 behind that club downtown. If you're not there, I could lose my job."

He stormed past her and she stared at the floor. Could she use her body to get him a raise? And should she be flattered that they were so lustily obsessed with her? "How far do want me to go?" she asked.

"I don't know, whatever they want," he said as he angrily tied his tie. "If they want you to strip, or if they want to touch your body, give 'em a show. Just bring some condoms in case things get out of hand. I'll try to be there but I might have to work late."

She stared at him with her mouth open as he walked out. She had just gotten off of her period so she knew there was no chance of her getting pregnant, but that wasn't the point. Not only had he told her to let another man have sex with her, but her husband might not even be there? She sat down hard on the bed, crossed her legs, and frowned.

As she went about her day her mind was filled with what that night might hold. She was alternately angry at her husband, flattered by the attention, scared that it would end badly, and finally excited at the prospect. Hundreds of women cheated on their spouses ever day and now she was being told to. Was the guy going to be attractive? Would he be old? Many companies these days had young tech guys running them, but who knew? Maybe he would be middle-aged like her husband. Maybe she would really enjoy it. Their sex life hadn't been very good for the last few years, and she resolved to take the opportunity to make him sorry! After this, he was going to beg to satisfy her needs.

That night she ate dinner alone. Her husband was indeed working late, her son Jake was off at college, and her daughter Carol was sleeping over at a friend's house. Normally she wore a tight but modest turtleneck and capri pants, but tonight she was going to change it up. She started with her silky purple bra and panties, then pulled on a V-neck tshirt that showed a hint of cleavage and hugged her curves. Then she pulled on a knee-length skirt, the shortest she owned, to keep an air of mystery. 

She dolled herself up with eyeliner and thick, red lipstick, wryly thinking how long it had been since she had looked like this for her husband. She pursed her lips, slipped into her 5-inch strap wedges, and went to meet her destiny. She stopped by the store to pick up a box of condoms, and in a panic she got the 30 pack. There was no way she was going to need more than a 3-pack, and even the thought of that made her blush for a full 10 minutes.

When she pulled her minivan up behind the club a few minutes before 9, sure enough there was a single car in the parking lot waiting for her. She parked near the other car with one space between them and took a deep breath. To her relief the windowless neighboring businesses flanked the rear parking lot, and granted some privacy from the other ends of the street. She checked her make-up in the mirror and thought, "Let's do this," then stepped out of the van.

With butterflies in her stomach and her mind racing she strode confidently across the intervening space and knocked on the window. It rolled down and she could see a twenty-something guy looking up at her with a smiling but blank expression, quite handsome and pretty fit. Trying not to think about what it would be like to do it with someone closer to her son's age than her own, she took a deep breath. "You want me?" she said trying not to let her voice shake, than pulled off her shirt and tossed it aside. "Well, here I am."

He looked over his shoulder, then all three guys got out. When it wasn't one guy but three, and her husband wasn't among them, she instinctively covered her tummy with her arms as they approached her in a friendly manner. She took a few steps back, then thought to herself, "No, if I'm going to do this, I'm going to lean into it." She dropped her arms to her sides, standing her ground and thrusting out her bra-clad chest with a confidence she didn't feel as they encircled her.

One of them stepped forward and gently placed his hands on her sides. His thumbs lay along the bottom of her bra and she raised her hands to hold his upper arms, drawing her hips in to his. She could feel one of them brushing lightly up behind her as she pulled in for a kiss, and the third stood beside them watching her breasts jiggle in their cloth cups.

Her hands drifted down to his crotch and she could feel his raging hardon. "I bet I can get him to cum right now," she thought to herself as she started rubbing him through his jeans, and he ran his fingers over her breasts. Hands caressed her shoulders and out of the corner of her eye she could see the third guy with one hand down his pants jacking off. Just as she was thinking how big this guy felt through his pants, he reached down and unzipped his pants letting his thick, swollen member bounce into her waiting hand.

Biting her lower lip she crouched down, keeping her knees together, until her face was level with his crotch, trying not to get her knees dirty. She expertly wrapped her fingers around his shaft, let out a shaky breath, and started stroking his cock. "What's your name?" she said, looking up at him.

"Alex," he replied with a grin. He throbbed and swelled tight in her hand, confirming her suspicions that he was slightly bigger than her husband ever got, even when he was fully hard which he hadn't been for years. She smiled to herself at his obvious pleasure as she expertly cupped his balls and leaned in to lick the length of his shaft.

"Well, Alex," she said coyly, "I want you to cum for me," and slipped her lips over the swollen end of his member. She closed her eyes and slid her mouth down his shaft, deepthroating him before proceeding to bob up and down his length several times. Her husband often made her give him blowjobs, but for the first time she had a new cock in her mouth and she felt a little ashamed at how much it thrilled her. He tasted different, he felt different, and she loved how he jumped and swelled as her tongue circled his swollen purple head.

The guy behind her was crouching down and feeling up her ass, stroking her cheeks and sliding his hands under her panties to diddle her pussy with his fingertips. This made her more uncomfortable since she had been hoping to satisfy them with blowjobs, hand jobs, and stripping, but she tried not to think about it and to focus on one guy at a time. Alex ran his fingers through her hair and she unconsciously gave a lusty moan, eliciting wicked grins from all three of the guys unseen by her closed, focused eyes.

"Hey, babe!" called the guy standing beside her. "How about a lap dance?" She looked up to see him getting into the back seat of the car and motioning for her to follow. She pulled her mouth off of Alex's dick and wiped her lips with the back of her hand. So this is how the night was going to go. She had never given a lap dance before, much less in the back of a car, but she thought it should be pretty straightforward.

She stood slowly, still careful not to spread her legs or let her skirt ride up. The guy behind her still had his hands on her ass, and she suddenly felt him yank her panties straight down to her ankles in one hard, swift motion. She caught her breath, stunned for a moment, then carefully stepped out of her panties toward the open car door. There was nothing she could do, since her husband specifically told her to do whatever they wanted her to, and with her heart racing she crawled into the back seat with a stranger.

He had his hips slid forward to the edge of the seat and she straddled him, shoving her breasts in his face and dropping her naked pussy directly onto the bulge in his pants, shielded from their prying eyes only by the skirt that was riding up her thighs. She braced off of the seat back and started grinding on his groin, waving her bouncing bra in his face and breathing a little heavily from the exertion. "So, what's your name?" she asked as sensuously as she could manage.

"Dylan," he replied, sliding his hands up her thighs under her skirt. "Damn, you're sexy!" She blushed and pulled his face into her cleavage with one hand. His cock was rock hard in his pants and her pussy was now dripping with excited arousal. His hands roamed across her legs to her inner thighs, then up to stroke her pussy with his thumbs and she wondered if she was soaking through his pants.

She didn't have to wonder long, because he started unfastening his pants and in a moment she could feel the unmistakable warmth of his twitching, throbbing rod against her pussy lips. He started maneuvering his hips to get a good angle for penetration, and she said, "Wait! Wait!" In a wave of relief she pulled out a condom, glad she had the foresight to wear a skirt with pockets, and unrolled the latex down his shaft to his balls. Then guiding him with one hand she lowered herself onto his waiting cock.

Her mouth opened slightly and she let out a long, lusty gasp as her pussy spread around him and greedily pulled his rock hard member in. He bottomed out inside her and she realized in a rush of hormones that it had been years since her husband had gone this deep. She felt his hands cupping her ass, helping her begin her rocking back and forth, and she felt her whole body helping him fuck her. Each time she leaned forward her tits pressed against his face, and each time she leaned back he thrust his hips up to bury himself deep inside her once again. Each time she leaned forward his swollen head came just to the edge of her pussy lips, and each time she leaned back they released a pent-up breath of pleasure in unison.

Dylan's hands pulled the front of her bra cups down to release her breasts into his waiting mouth. His over engorged cock jumped inside her at the sight of them, and her loins begged for more as he started sucking first one nipple, then the other, and back. Out of the corner of her eye she was vaguely aware of the other two guys beside the open car door, with their dick in one hand and their phone in the other, but all her mind could focus on at the moment was searching for the elusive orgasm that was lurking in every corner of her body.

Suddenly he tensed up under her and threw his head back, thrusting up inside her and holding her hips down hard. It satisfied her on a deep level to feel someone wanting her so bad and emptying his pleasure into her. She waited patiently for him to finish, casually pulling her bra cups back up over her breasts as she enjoyed the guttural groan that he was making for her. When his cock had finally finished pulsing she slowly, gently climbed off of him and crawled out of the car.

She fixed her bra straps and smoothed her skirt, pretending not to notice the two guys and their wolfish grins. Alex pressed up behind her and started kissing her neck, reaching one hand up to cup her breast through its covering and reaching the other hand down between her legs. He rubbed her pussy with two fingers through the fabric of her skirt, and she leaned into his touch. Her eyes were closed and mouth open in silent pleasure as he felt up her body, and she could feel his kisses on her neck.

Her skirt was pulled up in front and her breath quickened as his fingers wetted themselves in her pussy. No one had ever fingered her after sex before, and she spent several moments enjoying the rush of sensations without noticing the two other guys looking on. When she finally opened her eyes at them they were clearly taking pictures on their phones. Embarrassed, she coyly asked, "What are you doing?" with a nervous chuckle, hoping against her dread that pictures of her having sex with a stranger in the back of a car wouldn't be plastered all over the internet by the next day.

"Taking pictures," said Dylan unabashedly, "... for posterity," he added with a chuckle.

Alex reached down to unbuckle his pants, and she quickly said, "Not out here," and pulled away. Opening the door to the van she kicked off her shoes and crawled inside, kneeling with her shoulders back and her hands in her lap while the others joined her. The seats were all still taken out from moving boxes last week, so there was nothing but carpet from the driver's seat to the rear door.

The third guy already had his shirt off and dropped his pants to his knees before kneeling in front of her. He had a nice, young cock and she reached up to start stroking his shaft. "I'm Tyler," he said and sat back to let her expert hands work. Alex got in the back of the van and knelt behind her, straddling her ass between his widespread knees and running his hands up and down her body.

"What do you want me to do for you, Tyler?" she asked, looking up innocently from his member in her hand to his grinning face, and letting the tip of her tongue play around her open lips. Behind her, Alex unclasped her bra and she moved her arms to let it fall away, revealing her naked, swaying tits to their widening eyes. She giggled to herself to see how much they liked her, and let out a playful "Oh!" in faux surprise when Alex reached his hands around to cup her chest and started gently playing with her nipples.

"Suck my dick," Tyler said confidently, placing one hand on her head. She bit her lower lip and flashed her eyes at him, letting him guide her to his engorged member. Her lips kissed the underside of his knob and sucked on his cum canal inch by inch to the base. Then licking back up to his swollen, purple head she wrapped her ruby lips around him and slowly deepthroated his cock.

As she bobbed up and down on him in a slow, easy rhythm she felt Alex behind her pulling her skirt up to reveal her naked ass. She felt his hands all over her hips and thighs, and his hard package pressing up against her through his trousers. Keeping one hand to jack off the dick in her mouth she reached back with the other to grab Alex's crotch. As her fingers massaged his raging hardon he started unbuckling his pants.

She had been hoping to give the last two blow jobs, but now she saw that was just wishful thinking. Reaching into her purse she pulled out another two condoms and handed one to Alex. Her heart raced as he put it on; she had never had two guys in the same day, let alone at the same time. "I'm a married woman!" she thought to herself, "I shouldn't be exposing myself to three young guys in the back of my van!" She crossed her arms in front of her naked breasts absent-mindedly, looking back at the hard, condom-clad dick that pointed at her accusingly.

Alex started feeling up her ass again, and Tyler ran his fingers through her hair, guiding her mouth back down to his waiting cock that glistened with her saliva. She tentatively pressed her lips against his swollen head, giving him tiny kisses and keeping her hips down to protect her pussy while her mind raced trying to think of a way out of the situation she had gotten herself into.

Suddenly a strong hand reached under her, cupping her pussy, and pulled her ass up in a high kneeling position, pushing her forward and impaling her mouth on Tyler's throbbing member. A hand kept her shoulders down and she felt trapped and vulnerable, all the more so as two fingers pressed into her pussy, coating themselves in her wetness. Her gasps of protest were muffled by the dick tickling the back of her throat and she flailed weakly against Tyler's thighs as he held her face against his lower abs and the cock behind her lined up for penetration.

Despite her years of sex with her husband she was not prepared for how good Alex's young cock felt as he thrust himself inside her. In one motion he slid his smooth, purple head past her pussy lips straight back until he bottomed out at the back of her cum catcher. She immediately stopped struggling and held on to Tyler's hips, closing her eyes to enjoy the rapturous sensations in her nether regions. She braced against him to keep from chocking on the dick in her mouth, and stayed frozen in glory as Alex pounded her from behind.

He was horny, randy, and ready to go, as evidenced by the force of his thrusts. His tight ball sack tapped harder and harder against her pussy each time he bottomed out, eliciting squeals of surprised pleasure from her as her orgasm quickly built to fill her conscious mind. Her tits brushed the ground with the rocking motion and as his pace increased her squeals blended into a moaning cry of elation on the cock her lips were frozen around.

"Heh, looks like she hasn't been fucked in a while!" said Dylan from somewhere close by. "She's squealin' for more!" Hearing him talk dirty only made her that much hornier, but before she could cum she felt Alex bury himself inside her and erupt. Apparently he had gotten off on the dirty talk, too. As she waited for him to finish cumming she moaned her approval onto the cock in her mouth, enjoying the sensation of his throbbing lust inside her and the taste of pre-cum against her tongue.

When he was finished he pulled out, and Tyler pulled away as well. Her eyes were closed in comfort and pleasure, but she could hear doors re-opening as the guys moved around her. She sat back and arched her back, running her hands through her air as best she could under the low ceiling. Her back arched and with a smile she could feel them staring at her breasts.

Tyler stood behind the van now with his hands on his hips and his pants slid down to his mid-thighs. "My turn!" he said with a grin, "Come on over here." She looked over at him standing there and bit her lower lip to feel her pussy drench itself. She was still close to her orgasm and right now it was all she wanted in life. Crawling over she turned around and presented her pussy to him for fucking.

His hands tugged her skirt down over her ass to her knees, and he said, "Lay on your back." She obediently turned over and slid a hand between her legs to finger herself as he slipped her skirt off and tossed it back into the van. Now she was completely naked and all she could think about was cumming on his cock. She rested her feet on his shoulders and blushed. He took out the condom she had handed him earlier and slid it over his fuck stick while she moaned at the sensation her fingers were creating in her loins.

When he ran his hands from her ankles to her pussy she gasped, "Oh yes! Yes! Take what you want!" to her own amazement. She kept fingering herself as he lined up with her pussy lips, and slid herself inside her. Each thrust drove him deeper down her pleasure passage and she let out a loud, "Oh YES!" when he bottomed out. He kept his throbbing shaft inside her to the hilt and let his hands roam across her legs and torso to her breasts. She felt him grope her tits, and she cried out with a loud "Ah!" whenever he pinched her nipples.
