 She closed the door to the van and cleaned herself up, clearing away the sweat with wet wipes and brushing her hair out again. Putting her bra and skirt back on, she looked around before opening the van door. She quickly sneaked out and grabbed her tshirt off the ground where it had been thrown, pulling it over her head before grabbing her panties and shoes. 

Climbing into the driver's seat she slipped her panties back up her legs and adjusted them as well as she could where she sat. She paused for a moment to catch her breath and refocus, just as a car pulled into the parking lot. She quickly slipped her heels on and was about to start up the van when she looked over to see her husband's commuter car.

Her heart skipped a beat. "Will he be mad that he's too late?" she wondered to herself. Butterflies flooded her stomach as he stepped out of his car, and the reality of what she had just done was borne in on her. She got out of the van and started to say, "Hi, honey, I..." and stopped in stunned silence. As she turned around she saw another man had gotten out of the car and was walking over with her husband.

"Hi, honey, sorry we're late," her husband said as he kissed her lightly on the cheek. "We got hung up at the office." She nodded and blinked in bewilderment. "This is Morris, he'll be tagging along."

"Hi, I'm Edwin," he said, politely kissing the back of her hand with a chuckle. He had a wolfish grin and was eyeing up her her crotch like he could see through her skirt. She pressed her knees together with concern and leaned on her husband's shoulder as casually as she could manage, looking at him inquisitively.

"The others will be here any second, then we can get started," he said obliviously, looking toward the street. "Ah, here they are now." A sleek, black sedan pulled in and parked beside the van, and three men got out. "Honey, this is my boss, Nick Giovanni. And this is Simmons and Mills." She shook their hands in a daze as it dawned on her that these were the men her husband had talked about this morning.

"Then who were those other guys?" she wondered in horror at the thought that she had just made love to three strangers in a parking lot. Her husband was saying something about her, and apparently it was flattering because all four of the guys were looking at her body in a way that made her blush.

He was standing behind her holding her body against him with his hands lovingly stroking the waistline of her skirt. She started to relax a little and rested her head back onto his shoulder, putting her arms behind her head to cradle the back of his neck. With him here she figured he might have her strip for them and maybe make love to her while they watched. No matter what, she could just follow his lead and it would all be over soon.

Suddenly he pulled her shirt over her head and tossed it aside. "See?" he gloated, "Look at this fuckable body!" She was shocked to hear his coarse language and to be the focus of these leering, slightly older men. Stepping away from her he told her to take her skirt off, walking over to his co-workers as they all pulled out their cocks. They looked like a group of executives at a strip club, and she swallowed hard when she thought about what that made her.

She tried not to look at them as she slid her skirt down to her ankles, swishing her hips a little. Their flattering murmurs and "Ooh, yeah!"s made her feel wanted again, and she put her hands above her head to do a cautious little shimmy.

As she was stepping out of her skirt on the ground, her husband's boss, Nick, said, "Go on, let's see you pleasure your husband." Putting on a sultry smile she swayed her hips over to her husband, wagging her ass back and forth to try to give them a good show. Then kneeling down in front of him she took his cock in her hands and slowly, deliberately deepthroated him.

They guys closed in around her with their comments of "Dude!" and "Nice!" For a few minutes she licked and sucked his raging hardon, dragging her ruby red lips slowly up and down his shaft, and letting out little moans for their communal enjoyment.

Wes said, "Hey, look what I found," and she stopped the blowjob to turn with the group. He was holding up a dog collar and leash from the back of her van that she had tossed in there last time they had taken the dog for a trip. He brought it over and handed it to Nick, who passed it to her husband.

"Put it on her," he commanded politely, and her husband took it from him with a chuckle.

"Haha, yeah," he said, fastening it around her neck. It fit comfortably enough and she went back to sucking his knob. They had never tried anything like this in the bedroom, and she felt out of her element trying it now. "Yeah, suck my dick, bitch!" he called out, holding onto the the leash and flicking it playfully like a whip.

They seemed to enjoy that and she just tried to focus on giving good head while she endured the humiliation. "Here," the boss said, taking the leash from her husband and hanging the loop end on his cock. They all laughed again, then the boss said to her, "Go ahead and finish him off."

She started bobbing her head in long strokes, trying to show how easily she could make him cum. It was taking him a bit longer than normal, probably because of all these people watching, and she was trying not to think of what would happen when he did cum. Hopefully they would all jack off to cum at the same time, and if so it would all be over soon. Then she heard Nick say, "Simmons, why don't you take over for him?"

Her husband stepped aside, and she looked up to see a slightly heavyset man step in front of her and stick his fat chub of a dick in her face. She looked at her husband and his eyes said as clear as day, "Do it! Don't fuck this up for me." Taking a deep breath she turned back and slid her tongue along the underside of Simmons' dick. He was thick but didn't go all the way to the back of her throat since he wasn't totally hard yet. 

"There, haha," Nick continued, "I bet you're one of those dirty bastards who likes to jack off watching his wife suck another man's cock!" Her husband shot his load all over the side of her face, and the group laughed as cum dripped down onto the top of her breasts. "I knew it," Nick laughed, patting her husband on the back. Then turning to her he said, "Now lick it off!"

She could feel the tug on the leash and obediently pulled away from Simmons, wiping the cum off her face with one hand and bringing it to her mouth to lick it up. She mostly just succeded in spreading around her cheek and clavicle. "Damn, that's hot!" said one of them, but it just made her feel more humiliated. With another tug from Nick she went back to servicing Simmons, feeling his fat cock slowly growing against her tongue, much to her chagrin.

She thought about the other three guys jacking off beside her and figured they must be ready to cum, arching her back inadvertently as she thought about how close they were and where the cum would inevitably land. Nick crouched down behind her and started feeling up her ass and thighs. She nervously continued her felatio, drawing in a sharp breath in surprise as two fingers inserted themselves into her pussy. He chuckled and said, "Ooh yeah, she's ripe," and she couldn't argue with the fact that she was dripping wet. Then she almost gagged when she heard Nick say, "Ok, thanks, Cooper, we can take it from here."

"A-are you sure?" her husband asked, his confidence drained in an instant. Nick stood and pulled her up by the leash until she had to stand up perfectly straight to avoid choking on the collar. Her hands flew up and gripped the collar as she shot a worried glance at her husband. He looked at her, flanked by two of his coworkers who started running their hands up and down her sides. "O-ok," he said, and started reluctantly backing toward his car.

Mills knelt in front of her and slid his hands up her legs, enjoying the feel if her naked flesh. Her eyes were wide with panic as he grabbed her panties and roughly pulled them down around her ankles, despite her best attempts to keep her legs pressed together. Her husband kept backing toward his car, watching as they unclasped her bra and pulled her arms down to let it fall away. "See you at home, honey," he said lastly, before turning out of sight behind her van.

"Wait! No!" she called out, but was cut off by the collar pulling her back against the boss.

He ran his hands up and down her body, cupping her bare, swinging tits and caressing her ample thighs. "Oh yeah, you really do have a fuckable body." Two of them holding her arms bent her over at the waist while the boss grabbed her hips and started hip thrusting his cock up and down her pussy lips and ass crack.

His grabby hands were all over her backside enjoying her ass, hips, and lower back. Finally his thumbs found their way to her pussy lips, but she kept her legs pressed tight together as she felt him poking at her entrance. "You'll need a condom," she said shakily, "There are some in my purse." 

"I don't think we need to bother with any of that," he said, and started to press his silky, swollen manhood inside her. Her husband looked over as he passed, and saw the look on his wife's face at the moment his boss thrust in and bottomed out inside her. Her eyes were as wide as saucers and her mouth frozen open, the collar pulling back on her neck to give him a good view of her furiously bouncing breasts as he drove away.

She saw him look away and pass by, leaving her standing naked in the parking lot getting fucked hard from behind. The boss took the leash in his teeth and grabbed her hips, thrusting into her full bore on every stroke. The other three guys released her and stepped around front to jack off as they watched her getting fucked. Her arms flailed as she tried to maintain her balance during the onslaught, breasts swinging freely to the enjoyment of her onlooking admirers.

Finally she grabbed her ass for balance, pulling her torso up to breathe easier but opening up her pussy to him even more by spreading her ass cheeks. She heard him give a growling chuckle and increase his pace, holding her hips in his vice-like grip and slamming into her like a freight train on every stroke. Her throat let up a gasping groan. Her husband had only ever once gone hard and rough with her during a night of hard drinking, and she wouldn't let herself admit how much her soul longed to be satisfied by a confident, invasive prick.

They were both panting now and she hung her head in humiliation as he climaxed, gasping her pleasure with each spurt of his domination. A small part of her mind insisted that she hated being raped, while the rest of her was throwing an exuberant party in the river of endorphins that coursed through her body. He seemed to cum for ages and her body thrilled to take it all in, tensed in the euphoria of her defilement until he finally let her drop to the ground.

She lay sprawled in the parking lot, catching her breath while the leering circle jerk closed in and debated which of them would get her next. "Oh, I'm not done with you yet," grinned the boss, "Get over here and clean me off, my little cocksucking bitch!" She looked up and saw him standing over her, dick still semi-hard and covered in a mixture of his cum and her own traitorous pussy juices.

Her panting had slowed and she nervously rose to kneel in front of him. "That's right," he said, placing a few fingers beneath her chin to guide her mouth to his dripping member. "Lick me clean," he demanded, gripping the end of the leash in his fist, "unless this pet needs some training?" She grabbed his hips and started licking from the base of his shaft to his swollen purple head, unsure exactly what he meant by the vague threat and unwilling to find out.

He tasted like her tangy pussy juices mixed with his own salty cum, but she wasn't about to stop on account of the taste. She tried to keep her knees together off to one side, but everyone in that parking lot knew she was only just beginning to get fucked. As she was finishing he said, "Make sure you get my balls, too. Haha, you really made a mess didn't you, you dirty little slut?" She leaned in to suck his balls, resigned to do whatever he asked. "And say yes sir when I talk to you," he commanded.

"Yes sir," she said without looking up, then went back to sucking his balls.

"Yes what?" he prodded, "What are you?"

"A dirty little slut, sir," she responded breathlessly, finishing cleaning his balls with her tongue and passing her lips up and down his shaft a few more times to make sure his cock was spotless. She knew the words meant nothing, that he just wanted to hear her talk dirty. She knew she was fucking four guys in a parking lot for her husband, and that didn't make her a slut. Still, hearing herself say the words made her pussy wet in a way she wasn't expecting.

"Alright, my turn," said Simmons, his cock head still swollen and glistening with her saliva. Taking the leash from Nick he guided her up into a standing position. She let the leash hang between her breasts and her arms fall to her sides, not wanting to be punished for assuming. "Let's have a look at you," he continued, "turn around." She obediently turned in a circle, slowly and deliberately so they could lust over her every curve.

"Open the back of the van," he commanded, adding, "slowly," as she turned around. Bending at the waist she exposed her pussy and ass to them and braced off the bumper expectantly. She rotated her hips to give them all a better view of her pussy, but when she wasn't penetrated violently from behind she opened up the back of the van.

"Hang on the door," he continued, and she obediently held on to the open back of her van. Her arms languished above her head and her chest naturally stuck out forward, showing off her bare breasts to the guys standing beside her. Her ass also stuck out and she let one knee poke forward, giving a relaxed look to her nude exhibition while she awaited further instructions.

"Now bend over like you're getting groceries out of the car," he said, and she could hear the fap-fap-fap of them all jacking off. She obediently took a step forward and bent over into the van. Simmons tossed the leash aside and grabbed her thighs with two rough hands, spreading her legs and caressing her round, smooth ass with circular motions. He lined up his slick head with her pussy lips, and his hand slid from her ass to her back to push her down into the carpet as he leaned into her.

She could feel his hairy thighs against her legs as his dick slipped past her pussy lips and quickly bottomed out inside her. His hips pressed against her ass and she tried to relax, waiting for him to finish. He twitched inside her as he felt her up, and only when his hands were sated with her naked flesh did he start thrusting. His balls slapped against her clit as he pounded into her, making her gasp inadvertently with the sudden pleasure of being taken deep and hard from behind.

To her surprise another orgasm started budding in her pussy and she gladly panted and let it build. "Do you like getting fucked by us?" Simmons asked.

All she replied was a steady, "Ungh, ungh, ungh," in time with his rhythm.

"Tell me you like it," he instructed her.

"I like it," she replied almost automatically.

"Like what?" he asked, coaxing more dirty responses out of her.

"I like getting having sex with your penis," she responded innocently.

"You mean getting fucked by my cock?" he asked almost incredulously.

"Yes!" she exclaimed at a particularly deep, hard thrust. "I like getting..." she said, hesitating at the vulgarity, "fucked by your..." then deciding to embrace it, "thick, hard cock!" The men that were circled around laughed excitedly to hear her talking dirty and Simmons started fucking her harder and faster. She let out a stream of, "Oh! Oh! Oh!"s, the first of which were genuine but transitioned into her attempts at enticing them to cum faster.

When he came she lost herself in a string of, "Yes! Yes! Yes!"s, thoroughly enjoying his lusty approval of her naked, prostrate form. His thick member finished pulsing and he pulled out, letting her slide out the back of her van to kneel at his feet again.

"Come on," he prompted, "clean me off," as if she should have known. Obediently she squatted in front of him and rested her hands on his thighs, diligently licking his softening cock as cum dripped from her pussy into a pool between her heels. She was past feeling dirty and used, knowing there were still two guys to pleasure before she was done. Part of her hoped they would finish quickly, but the rest of her hoped they would take their time so she could cum, too. So like a good little cockwhore she licked and sucked his dick until it was spotless.

"Alright, enough of that," Edwin said, taking the leash and pulling her upright. "I'm sure you could suck dick all day long, but it's my turn now and I want your pussy." She tottered behind him as he led her to the side of the van. Her naked thighs, breasts, ass, and pussy glistened with a veneer of sweat from her exertions; getting fucked five times in a night was tiring, and the group of guys watched her every move like hawks.

Edwin pushed her up against the van and threaded the leash through the luggage rack on top. When he tugged on the end of the leash she was pulled back against the van and she reached up to hold on, standing on tip-toe to avoid being choked. With his free hand Edwin reached down to finger her pussy and up her skin to fondle her free-hanging breasts, leaving a trail up her body of her own wetness mixed with the two men's cum.

His hard cock bobbed in front of her pussy and he took a few moments to have fun with her captive body. He traced "Fuck Me" on her stomach, dipping his fingers back into her dripping snatch after every few strokes, and took a step back to admire his handiwork. "Look, boys," he taunted, "she's asking for it!" The guys standing around shared a laugh, and he said, "Help me out here; spread her legs for me."

Simmons and Mills stepped up and slid their hands up her inner thighs almost to her pussy, forcing her legs apart. They each held her by the calf and upper thigh, pinning her against the van with her legs spread like a V and ankles pulled up as high as they would go until her toes almost touched the roof. Their hands cupped her ass, with thumb and fingers framing her pussy to facilitate their coworker's carnal access to her captive body. She knew it was useless to protest but she inadvertently squirmed as Edwin stepped up and laid his cock at the entrance to her pussy. "That's what I like," he said, staring at her tits, "Full access."

And with that he pierced her womanhood, holding her by the waist until her pussy lips kissed his body then leaving himself throbbing inside her as he roughly fondled her pouting, mounded tits. Being manhandled into absolute submission felt amazing and brought her to the edge of a climax, but the collar was choking her breath and kept her from being able to cross over into the blissful beyond. His thick, hard shaft started pulling half out of her and thundering back into her helpless pussy, each stroke inducing squeals and gasps of frustration from her throat as she tried to make herself cum.

"Haha, yeah, take it, bitch!" he taunted gleefully, "I'm gonna fuck you so hard you squeal to feel your pussy split around my cock!" He started pounding his raging cock even harder into her widespread pussy, letting her feel the full length of his member poking the back of her cum catcher and his balls slapping her ass in an audible rhythm. "And I'm gonna make you take it like Cooper never could!"

She squealed. Her nipples were so hard they stood up like spires on her breasts that bounced every time he plunged home inside her. She knew he was right, her husband had never fucked her this hard, this long, or kept her in the titillating edge of an orgasm. And since this whole rendezvous was at his command, she felt free to enjoy every minute of it. She turned her head to the side and closed her eyes, mouthing, "Yes! Yes! Yes!" as he came. Her pussy was bright red from abuse but her heart beat like a machine gun inside her, begging for more.
