 Her body was still coming down from the intense fucking she had just received. It was cooler in the club than it was outside, and although her nipples were standing out hard and proud the rest of her naked body was still warm and lightly shone with sweat. The leather dog collar snugly accentuated her neck and its leash bound her wrists tightly in front of her, irrefutably leading her wherever the boss wanted her to go. Nick turned on the lights and led them all into the dining room. It was cozy with several booths and a few tables in front of a small stage, complete with stand-up microphone and red velvet backdrop. Along one side of the room ran a bar with a nice, hardwood counter top, a few beer taps, and an array of liquor displayed on the wall behind it.

She was led over to the bar top, her naked body swaying as she tried to keep her balance in her high heels. "Get up there," Nick commanded, pulling her upward. The three other guys grabbed her ass, legs, and thighs to help her climb up onto a bar stool and sit on the counter. Then pulling her down by the neck they laid her out along the counter and spread her legs. Her eyes flashed worriedly around at the horny, encircling guys as their hands began to roam across the curves of her enticingly exhibited body.

Mills grabbed a wet bar rag and started wiping out her pussy that still dripped with their cum. The coolness of the rag felt good on her hot, swollen crotch but she squirmed at his invasive touch. Nick stood above her head reaching over to grope her, and no matter how much she tried she couldn't maneuver her arms to hide her naked, jiggling breasts from him. Simmons had his hands on her hips and stomach, periodically running his fingers down toward her pussy, and Morris was sitting on the bar holding her ankles apart. How little she could move disconcerted her, as her squirming barely moved her body and made no difference to their groping hands all over her skin. 

The wet rag moved to her inner thighs, and Simmons' fingers inquisitively cupped her newly cleaned pussy, diddling around her pert pussy lips and dipping knuckle-deep into her wet snatch. The dregs of her orgasm in the parking lot re-surged and began dominating her mind with thoughts of sex. She closed her eyes to concentrate, drawing long, shaky breaths as she willingly enjoyed their ministrations. After a few minutes she was clean. They pulled her off the bar again then led her behind it, and though she wouldn't admit it to herself she was so aroused by their touches that she was on the verge of cumming again. "Make us some martinis, you hot piece of ass," Nick commanded and casually groped her full ass cheek with his widespread hand. With his other hand he released her wrists from their leash binding and leaned in menacingly.

He slowly licked the side of her face from the base of her neck to her forehead, grinning at her and turning his hand to dip his fingers in her moist womanhood from behind. She stood up straight and breathed a sigh of resignation, knowing she would have to do everything they wanted whether willingly humiliating herself or being painfully forced to satisfy them. Her hands moved automatically to make the drinks as they sat at the bar and laughed to one another. The bare, shimmering skin of her breasts jostled lightly with every movement, and the leash that hung from her neck passed between them, an ever-present reminder of her husband's decree that her whole body belong to these men for the night to do with as they pleased. 

When she finished she placed the martinis in front of them across the bar, and Simmons and Morris thanked her. Mills said gruffly, "Come around here and sit on my lap," smiling lecherously at her. She squared her shoulders and walked around the bar, striding over to where he sat and climbing up onto his knee. He helped her straddle his thigh and hooked his arm around the small of her back, pulling her to himself as he sipped his drink. Her hands rested on his hips near his crotch, for balance she told herself, and he said, "Go on - you can grind your pussy on me. I know you want to." She found that she already was, and now started bucking with more gusto, trying to feel ashamed over the insurmountable need to grind against his body til she climaxed. His eyes watched her nipples for a while, then he leaned in to kiss her shoulders and collarbone.

Her eyes closed subconsciously as her arousal grew, though her focus was on not falling off. She felt a cold, wet sensation on her breast, and looked down to see her tit dipping into his martini glass. "Haha, oops!" he chuckled, a little drunk, and pulled his drink back. Then pulling her up with a strong, steady arm he took her nipple into his mouth and began to suck. He lapped up the alcohol as he alternated between massaging her with his lips and licking her with his surprisingly nimble tongue. She pushed against him to free her sensitive breasts from his aggressive enjoyment, but he didn't seem to notice as he started alternating from one nipple to the other.

Several squeals and gasps escaped her mouth as the fire in her loins spread through her chest and made her whole body burn with warmth. The other three guys looked on and laughed, pulling out their cocks to watch and jack off as Mills assaulted her. Finally Mills seemed to have had enough, and the boss came over help her down. "Did you know it's my birthday?" he said, taking her leash and leading her over to the stage. She pressed her palms against her tits to ease the sensitive flesh, feeling shy about her singing voice as he positioned her in front of the microphone. "Sing me happy birthday," he said, pressing his body up against her from behind and curving his hands around her hips.

She blinked twice in stunned silence, then leaned in to the mic. "Happy Birthday to you," she sang, her mind racing to remember his name. His hands roamed up her body from her pussy to her breasts. "Happy Birthday to you," she continued, his hands grabbing her wrists and pulling them out to the side. "Happy Birthday, Mr. Boss," she finally sang nervously. He didn't seem to mind. His hands cupped her hanging tits and pinched her nipples that stood up hard and pointed from her shameful arousal. "Happy Birthday to you-ow!," she concluded, stopped short when he harshly pinched her sensitive nubs and pulled her breasts outward from where they hung against her body. Her pussy yearned to be sated.

"Keep going; don't let me stop you," Nick instructed her, leaning in to kiss her neck. The first time she repeated the song he unzipped his pants, pulled out his throbbing cock, and humped her ass crack while he fondled her breasts. Her pussy dripped with anticipation. The second time she repeated the song he bent her forward a little and held her hips as he slid himself in past her pussy lips to fill her up with his manhood. Her pussy was achingly close to orgasm. The third time she repeated the song he started pounding her deep and hard with every stroke. She felt like she was going to topple over, but he held her securely as he ravaged her helpless body.

The guys stroked themselves as they watched, heckling her and joking with each other. One shouted, "Yeah! Sing you slutty bitch!" and another said, "She's singing now, but she'll be squealing later." They all laughed and grinned at her, thinking of ways to make her squeal.

Her breath came in ragged gasps as her mind fought against the glorious sexuality that threatened to overwhelm it. "Ha-ah-ppy Birth-ngh-day to- yooooouuu. (pant) (pant)." He was increasing his pace, over-engorged now as he pumped harder. Her lower lip began to quiver as she tried to hold in her imminent climax. "Ha-ha-ppy Bir-ugh-thday too-ngh- hyooouu. ungh ungh (gasp)." His shaft was now as thick as any she ever had, and she wondered how long she could hold off before cumming. "Hah-hh-ppy Bur-nghr-th-(gasp)-day, Misssss-(gulp)-ter," and he erupted inside her like an explosion of ecstasy,"Bo-ahhhhhhh--sss". She lost herself for a moment in the sudden expanse of intense pleasure she felt, suddenly feeling loved head to toe by this man who had requested her specifically, stripped her down, and let nothing stand in the way of enjoying her body - twice.

The orgasm that tore through her body shot into the mic with a moaning soul scream of her filled and fulfilled body that overwhelmed the mind. She bucked back against him to get more of his fuckstick as deep inside herself as possible, the magnitude of her climax waxing with the throbbing of his shaft and head. Her smooth thighs glistened with renewed sweat shimmering down to her ankles, and her breasts bounced feverishly with the violence of their combined orgasm. Her pussy clamped down hard like a furious vice trying to gorge itself on as much cock and cum as it could possibly get. Finally, after what seemed like an age, the most intense experience she ever had began to subside.

She felt warm, then ashamed to think she could enjoy these men forcing themselves on her and using her body for their basest sexual relief, as well as her own. "Happy Birthday to you," she sang softly, cupping the head of the microphone for support as he finished and pulled out. The small crowd cheered and she hung her tired head as Nick took her by the leash and led her off the small stage. Mills' dick was fat and hard, and he had been stroking it slowly trying not to cum before he had a chance to fuck her pussy again. As soon as she stepped off the stage he got up and came over to take her leash from Nick.

Mills tugged her over to one of the booths and her arms flailed to keep her balance as her blitzed body trotted to keep up. He stepped up onto the bench, cock flailing wildly, and turned around to pull her up, too. His arm wrapped around her midsection and as he pulled her bodily to himself she could feel his thick member pulsing against her skin. "Here ya go, boys," he offered to the onlookers, "Get a good look at this bitch's tits while I fuck her." And with that he bent her over the back of the bench so her breasts swung freely in the next booth and lined himself up for penetration. 

With one hand he held her shoulders down and she could feel the smooth, swollen head of his manhood prodding her entrance. She reached back and held on to the seat back, a tear welling in her eye and a grin plastered across her exhausted face as she prepared to receive the hardest reaming of her life. He popped his head in past her pussy lips and she drew in a breath. His hands slid along her body to grip her hips while the rest of the guys slid into the opposite booth to watch. She braced and waited, her puffy, abused, dripping wet pussy trying to swallow the over-engorged head of his cock, holding her breath until the plunge finally came.

Mills took two tiny practice thrusts, then plowed her full bore, burying his shaft completely inside her with a single thrust so his balls slammed against her clit. Even with preparation she was not expecting such a violent penetration and she gasped so loudly it was like a short scream. Her eyes and mouth locked open wide as her brain failed to control the sensations in her body. The audience eagerly watched her tits swaying from that sudden jolt, and Morris said, "Yeah! Show her what it's like to get fucked by a real man!"

Mills pulled back until his cock almost completely left her pussy and immediately reamed her balls-deep again. She let out another sharp cry of pain, and the guys watching her getting fucked laughed and jacked off. Mills' man meat was thicker and longer than her husband, who had only ever gone slow and soft with her. The way her husband usually gently caressed her made her feel like a princess, but this vicious assault on her tender skin made her feel like a whore. And the way she loved the feeling of being used and abused made her feel dirty, ashamed, and more alive than she ever had before, though she would never admit it to herself. 

Another stroke fell, and then another. Each time he pinned her against the bench again with a powerful thrust she winced and let out a cry of alarm, her mind reeling from the harsh, invasive pain and her body surging toward a climax despite herself. At this point the orgasms were starting to blur, each an extended reprisal of the last. He was definitely more engorged now than he had been in the parking lot, and he wasn't even close to shooting his load. Her mouth changed from a grimace to an earnest gasp and her eyes closed to relish her fast-approaching orgasm, letting a budding tear trickle down her cheek. Nick chuckled, "She'll be ruined after this - Cooper's little dick is never going to be able to satisfy her!" She swallowed hard, knowing he was probably right and not allowing herself to think about it.

Her cries turned to moaning gasps that ran together as his pace increased. After ten more strokes she had built into a long shout of ecstatic toil and she struggled to hold on to the bench under the furious onslaught. Slowly her climax peaked, and she drew in a deep, breathy lungful of air. In the brief silence all that could be heard was the slap slap slap of his hips and balls against her ass and pussy reverberating around the room. Her orgasm broke again, locking every muscle in her body and releasing her soft pent-up scream of painful euphoria. Simmons moved below her to catch her breasts and suck on her nipples as she came, elongating her sexual ecstasy.

The feeling of her pussy clamping down on his cock made Mills tense up as well. "Oh Fuck, this bitch just got tight!" he shouted but didn't slow his pace. A dozen strokes later he stuffed her cunt full of his swollen, throbbing rod and leaned bodily against her to empty his balls of their creamy lust. When he exploded inside her grasping cock hole it momentarily broke her concentration. She gasped at the erotic sensation and then began to wail a moaning cry that peaked with each new burst of cum inside her womanhood. They came together like this for almost a minute, his grunts combined with her indistinct guttural murmurings until he was finished with her and pulled out.

Mills stepped down to the floor then pulled her down after him. Her knees were shaking and she was panting hard, the orgasm still lurking in her exhausted body with a view to resurface. She felt him lowering her to the ground in front of him and started licking off the softening, cum-covered cock in front of her when instructed. He let her finish her thorough ministrations, and she was sucking on his balls by the time he helped her up. Then leading her over to the table in the next booth he cupped her ass and commanded, "Up you go." In a daze she climbed onto the table and let them position her in a wide-spread kneel with her hands on her knees for their viewing pleasure.

Her pouty bright red pussy gaped in front of them, puffy from the abuse and dripping cum onto the table. "Lick up that cum," commanded Nick as he stroked his semi-hard cock. She obediently reached a hand down and slid her fingers into her pussy. Her previous orgasm lingered and her body shuddered as her fingers brushed her clit. With three fingers she fished cum back to her mouth, licking them clean before returning for more. On each pass she rubbed her clit and after a few minutes she was mostly clean and pantingly close to erupting again. 

Simmons sat right in front of her, jacking off as he watched her movements with rapt attention. Then shifting in his seat he said, "Come on down here and suck me off." Automatically she crawled forward and let him guide her face down to his crotch. She dutifully slipped her mouth around his swollen purple head and slid her lips down to his balls. He gave a small gasp and she could feel him throbbing against her tongue, letting her know she was doing it right. Her ass swayed tantalizingly on the table and Morris climbed up behind her, kneeling between her legs and grabbing her hips. She had never been double penetrated before and as Morris slid his shaft down the length of her pussy she let out a lusty moan. It was one thing to be ogled by guys but another to feel sexy yourself, and this was the sexiest, most aroused she had ever been. Her orgasm lagged a bit but she knew that after half a dozen strokes he's be able to make her cum and she braced her hands beside Simmons' hips, awaiting euphoria.

Morris stroked once and pulled out, his cock still only semi-hard from the last time he fucked her. "She's too loose. You guys stretched her out!" he said, and she could feel him putting pressure on her asshole. Reflexively she tried to pull back from the cock she was sucking on to protest, but Simmons just grabbed her head and pulled her back down onto him, deepthroating her in the process. She squealed and gagged, flailing her arms as these men firmly held her head and ass. Slowly she felt the slick head and shaft open her up and slide balls-deep inside her back door. She had never even talked about doing anything like this before, and as Morris took her anal virginity his strokes got harder and harder until his balls were slapping her gaping pussy with every stroke.

A tear trickled down her cheek when he first bottomed out, but soon the feeling of his balls slapping her labia drove her wild with arousal. She knew she couldn't cum this way without help, so as Simmons pulled her lips up and down his engorged shaft she reached one hand between her legs to finger herself. By now she was getting used to the cock fucking her ass and it only took a few seconds for her to make herself cum. Her body froze with another resurgence of her orgasm and she moaned, wriggling her body on their dicks. Once she had started the balls pounding her pussy kept her going, and for several minutes she was only conscious of the surges of sexual climax running rampant through her body.

When Simmons came she instinctively guzzled his cum, and by the time Morris filled her ass with his spunk she was enjoying it, bucking against him just to feel his throbbing member as deep inside herself as possible. She sprawled across the table when they released her, barely conscious and slowly writhing in latent endorphins. The next thing she knew she was being picked up by the arms and dragged out to the parking between two strong men. She heard a car drive away and for fifteen minutes she lay where they left her beside her van, naked and filthy. Finally she sat up and collected her skirt and blouse from the ground neaArby. She pulled her skirt on backwards and her blouse inside-out, then climbed shakily into the driver's seat.

She drove home so slowly she thought she was going to get a ticket, and when she walked into her house her husband was already asleep. As she took a shower she wondered how long the ordeal had been, and after drying off stumbled naked into bed and was asleep before her head hit the pillow.