 {Continuation of MILF Huntin'. You may want to read that first, if you haven't already to understand the entire plot}

Driving was tough to do. I knew the street she lived on so it was easy to get to, but all I could think about was is this really happening? This stuff only happens in Penthouse or literotica.com.

"I can't believe I'm about to fuck some stranger," her cute voice broke through, reminding me of the reality. “I’m not drunk, I want you to know that. Yes I've had a few, but I know what I'm doing, or who I'm doing I should say," she said laughing. "Do you do this a lot?"

"What do you consider a lot?," I said grinning over at her. "Naaah.. just kiddin'. My wife and I do a lot of swinging.. know what that is of course right?" She was a little taken aback by my honesty.

"You're married?!?!"

"Yeah, my wife and I have an open marriage."

"She always knows who I'm with at all times, as a matter of fact, would you like to talk to her? I'm going to call her and let her know I probably won't be home tonight."

"Seriously? Wow I guess I was REALLY sheltered. If I had known about this swinging thing I probably wouldn't have gotten divorced. Could have had my cake and eat it too."

"Hold On.. Hi honey... you wouldn't believe the hottie I picked up tonight.. I'm going over to her place and I think her friends are following. I'll fill you in later."

"Ohhh... sounds like fun," my wife says. "Be careful."

"I will.. her name is Tammy.. wanna say 'hi', maybe you could get to know her later, she could definitely be your type!"

"Oh sure, Lemme say hi."

"Here ya go Tammy, it's my wife Gina."

Tammy nervously takes the phone, but is immediately calmed by the reassurance that it's ok. She then starts giggling about something... who knows.. I'll find out later I'm sure.

"Ok.. bye and thanks!," Tammy hangs up. “Wow, that was the weirdest conversation I have ever had, but it's a real turn on too."

"I have got to see what's in those jeans!" She begins to unbuckle her safety belt and reaches over to unbutton my fly.

"Ohhh.. I love these button fly’s." She starts to rub my cock through my jeans and suddenly realizes I'm not wearing any underwear.

"Ohhh.. you ARE bad."

"What?", I say laughing. "I never wear underwear with jeans."

"No Complaints here", she says, and begins sliding her hand into my pants... "ohhh this feels good.... feels so hard, pulsating... it's been a while since I've held... ohhh... it's curved at the end... that's interesting."

"It's even more interesting while I'm fucking you because that curve hits the G spot every time." 

"Mmmmmmmm", she says lustily, and pulls my cock out of my jeans. "And it's sooo much bigger than my ex-husband's. Oh Fuck it!", she says and starts to put the head of my cock into her mouth. Flicking her tongue around it like a little kid tasting a popsicle for the first time and realizing she really likes the taste. With each lick, nibble and suckle, she gets more and more into it, until eventually her wet, warm mouth was slobbering all over my cock. I really had to concentrate to stay on the road. The flickering of high beams behind me made me remember her friends behind us.

Slowly she began that slow hypnotic up and down motion with her mouth, simultaneously using her hands to stroke my cock, all the while moaning, as she was thoroughly enjoying it. Her ass was in the air almost against the glass of the passenger door and I tried to concentrate more on the road. Not only was she really getting into this blowjob, but she was now so horny, I could see her fingers begin to pull her panties to one side. Her fingers dipped slowly in and out of her pussy as she began to finger herself. 

Her moaning increased as her very wet fingers came out and began to play with her clit, moving it around in a clockwise motion. I could see how wet she was in the oncoming car lights, as they made it glisten in the light. 

Her moaning and groaning grew steadily louder and more intense as her fingers began to go faster and faster, and I could tell she was very close to an orgasm. I could hear how wet she was, and that was even more of a turn on. I watched as a cop car went by us. I didn't even see him approaching until he was right there... I prayed he didn't see, and my heart leapt in my chest as I looked into my rearview mirror and saw his brake lights come on... and then lights come on.... then speeding off.. in the same direction apparently to another call.

Luckily we were now on her street and I pulled up to the curb at the house number she told me to go to earlier. I put the car seat back and relaxed as she fingered herself closer to orgasm. She lived in a relatively secluded house so I put the windows down, as they had really fogged up. The cool wind from outside would aid in her orgasm, but I knew that her friends would be on their way to the car soon. 

"Wow! Beautiful, just as I thought... mmmmmm", were the only words that I heard right before a gasp as Tammy started to scream in the throes of an intense orgasm. I had to put her mouth back on my cock and remind her of her neighbors. As I glanced over, I saw red hair buried in Tammy's pussy, moaning into it as she was apparently giving Tammy quite the tongue lashing. Tammy's mouth flew off my cock as she was lost in her own world, convulsing all over the SUV as she came hard... Betty was grabbing on to Tammy's ass through the window and from where I was, seemed to be fucking Tammy with her tongue. I opened the door and slipped out to where Tammy was. Betty was wearing a summer dress similar to Tammy's, and her skirt was now well above her hips and exposing her ass to the world. It would be really easy to slide into her from behind. By the time I got around to Betty's side, she had Tammy's door open and Tammy was now on her back on the passenger seat, with Betty's tongue latched firmly onto her clit.

My pants were still unbuttoned so I just dropped them to my ankles and started to run my cock up and down the panel of her panties. They were light blue, silk thongs and already I could see that they were soaked. She started to moan more as I slowly ran my cock up and down the panel of her panties... right at the opening of her pussy. She began to push back towards my cock, but I wanted to tease her a little more, and also wanted to make sure I had a clear invitation to fuck her. I continued to hold my cock against her pussy through her panties and then started rapidly rubbing it up and down against her clit. It was driving her crazy. I didn't know if they were thinking about it or not, but having a manage' a trois out in the open at 3:45 am was a huge turn on for me. I had to concentrate really hard on not coming too soon.

The intersection she lived off was relatively busy, even at that time of night, but luckily no one turned down our street. Finally Betty could take the teasing no more and pulled her thong to the side so I could see her shaved and very wet pussy. I could hear Tammy still coming over and over. It sounded as though she was having multiple orgasms. Finally I couldn't take it any longer myself, and began to put just the head of my cock into the entrance of Betty's pussy, alternately Slapping her pussy with my cock. She was so tight. Her mouth came off Tammy's clit for a second as she said "Please fuck me... I need it so bad you have no idea!!"

With that, I began a slow fucking motion, with each stroke getting a little deeper into her. "Oh... ohhhh... yesssss", she half whispered, half mumbled. She was still intent on giving Tammy yet another orgasm and Tammy was intent on receiving one as well, as she had Betty's hair entangled in her fingers with one hand. From what I could see of Tammy, she now had her dress up to her neck and was playing with and pinching her nipples with the other hand as Betty continued to suck on her.

Finally, I was all the way inside Betty, and she groaned out loud as I 'hit bottom'. I slowly withdrew from her pussy and again slid in... this time, dipping my butt down slightly so my cock slid up against her clit on it's way in. I began to increase my tempo and she kept fucking back at me, urging me to fuck her deeper and harder. And not being one to deny a lady, I was as the song says, 'making it clap'. 

"Oh God.... you are.... sooo much..... better than.... my husband!!!," She said, and I was like, "Oh Shit... she's married??", to myself. "Ohhhh... you're a bad little girl aren't you, fucking some stranger!" with that I smacked her butt, and she came... HARD! I could feel her pussy contracting around my cock. Usually I can hold out for ever before cumming, but maybe it was the gravity of the whole situation. Here I am fucking this hot chick outside while she sucks her girlfriend's pussy...I was about to cum myself!

"You're gonna make me cum Betty!," I say to her.

"Cum inside me! PLEASE I wanna feel you cum inside me!!!"

I lost it then. Thinking about this hot woman going back home to her husband with MY cum inside her. I kept fucking her hard and that pushed her deeper into Tammy's pussy, which made her cum too, and this time I wasn't there to keep her quiet. None of us could keep quiet as I came deep inside her pussy, grabbing her hips and driving myself deeper. She came on my cock again, making it wet and slippery. I saw a light come on outside on a house down the street so I suggested we get inside quick and continue. We locked the car up and ran into the house giggling before anyone ruined it for us.

The door was barely closed before they both attacked me. Pushing me towards the middle of the living room and on to a big soft rug. Tammy was kissing me passionately while Betty continued getting me naked. Next thing I knew, I was on the floor with Tammy on top of me. She was already naked and I could see she was about a 36C. Without a word she just rolled on top of me and began to slide her pussy down towards my cock. I could feel Betty between our legs. She sucked on my cock and got it nice and wet, at the same time tasting herself, then she began to guide my cock into Tammy's pussy.

"Oh yeaaahhh", she gasped as she began to slowly lower herself on to my cock. "This feels soooo fucking good."

"Yeah I know", Betty agrees as she moves over above my face and begins to straddle me. Instinctively, I pulled my arms through behind my head so my fingers would have access to her pussy. My tongue began licking her lips slowly, sliding in and out and around them, tasting her wetness. I could hear her moaning, but it was muffled and so was Tammy's. Were they kissing? That's what it sounded like, but it's difficult to tell what's going on when all you can see is a beautiful pussy and ass above you. I remembered that Betty was the most skeptical of believing in the G spot so I thought now would be a great time to show her. So I dipped my fingers down and into her pussy, and reached back towards me till I found it. Ahhh.. there it is.

"Oh my God... what was that?", she exclaims. I say nothing as I don’t like to talk with my mouth full, and continue massaging her G spot."

"ohhhh Shit!!!, that's my G spot? Fuck, that's soooo gooood. Oh My God."

I keep fingering her G spot while sucking her clit, and she is going crazy above me. Apparently this turns Tammy on even more because she changes position on my cock, strategically placing it in closer contact with her G spot.

Now I have two women bucking and screaming as one of them is having an intense G spot orgasm via my finger and mouth, and the other finding the advantages of my curved cock. I start to press my fingers against Betty's G spot a little harder as I rub, and she begins to buck harder as I feel her cumming... squirting all over my face... I keep rubbing her and she's really convulsing as she comes hard and long. The carpet is now soaked with her juices as she flops on top of me, completely and totally exhausted. I feel Tammy begin to cum on my cock as well. I hardly had to move at all as she moved her ass up and down like a pro, stroking and milking the cum from my cock. NO doubt the result of seeing the intensity of her friend's orgasm. My cock begins to get a little wet from her but not as soaked as Betty is... I keep making Betty squirt and finally she gets enough energy to get away from my persisting fingers.

"NO MORE!! OH MY GOD!!! I'M GONNA PASS OUT." 

Still convulsing and in the fetal position, she lies there until next thing I know.. silence. Tammy looks at me like, is she ok? I assure her she is. "The first G spot orgasm can take you by surprise and if you're not ready, can make you faint."

"Wow!! I thought you were full of shit when you said that, but thought you were cute so I'd fuck you anyway. I had no idea. Mmmmm, let's go upstairs to my bedroom."

"I'll bring Betty upstairs", I say as I scoop her up. I hear something upstairs and look. I see a small shadow which at first, startled me. As we were going upstairs, we passed a cat. Betty was starting to come to, and she put her arms around my neck as we went upstairs. She just looked up at me with a hazy kind of smile and laid her head in my chest.

I saw the bathroom and another room that I presumed was her daughter's room. The door was slightly ajar. We came to Tammy's bedroom and I laid Betty down on the bed, all laying in a tangled mess, talking and cuddling for a while. 

"Wow, my ex never did this."

"My husband never does either."

"So do you swing Betty?", I asked.

"No, I have never done this before. He's married to his work, not to me. I'm lucky if we have sex once a month!!"

"Damn!!! I'm sorry baby," I say, kissing her forehead.

"Speaking of swinging, Betty. I had no idea you swung that way," says Tammy. "You totally caught me by surprise!"

"Ohhh.. you have no idea how much I've wanted you, watching you walk around looking all hot all the time. Why do you think I'm always over here using the pool when I have one, giving you massages and all that," explains Betty. "You have no idea how many times I've wanted to pull your panties to one side and just slide my tongue into you. I wouldn't have missed this opportunity for the world."

"Awwww, sweetie!!," Tammy says as she reaches over and kisses Betty with a long, deep and passionate kiss.

"Whoooo, I'm all giddy!," admits Tammy.

"Ummmmmm," I say laughing a little. "What happened to the other girls?"

"Oh.. they chickened out! Their loss!!" We all laughed.

"You know now that it's all out in the open, Betty. I have to say I really enjoyed those massages you gave me. I would get sooo wet. I would pray you couldn't smell or see how wet I was. That's why I would get up and jump into the pool right afterwards."

"Awwwwwwwww," Betty says as they begin to kiss again. This time it's more passionate. They hold on to each other, hands roaming and exploring. I begin to inch my way down to Tammy's pussy while they are getting busy, and begin to lick her pussy for the first time... tongue touching flesh. She moans as I continue. "I want to taste you," she says to Betty who immediately slides up to Tammy's face and holds on to the head board as she begins to ride her friends face.

"You have no idea how much I've fantasized about this... mmmmmmm. You feel even better than I'd ever dreamed."

Meanwhile, I slide off the bed and place Tammy's legs on my shoulder as I begin to slowly and gently lick her pussy. I want to take my time with her and let it build up to an ultimate climax, so I prolong her pleasure by licking her pussy lips, leaving wet trails from my saliva and from her already wet pussy. She tastes soo good though, that it's tough to stay focused. I begin rubbing my hands very lightly up and down her body as I make love to her pussy with my mouth, almost kissing it as if it were her mouth, with just as much passion. Occasionally, my hands would brush against her nipples which were very prominent and apparently very sensitive. Every time I would lightly pinch or rub them, she would try to push her clit closer to my mouth, all the while moaning very loudly.

I can feel her starting to cum again... so just as she is about to peak, I back off...blowing cool air over her clit and occasionally flicking my tongue gently against it or into her pussy. She was going out of her mind, and Betty was reaping the benefits because in her frustration, Tammy has Betty's ass firmly clasped in her hands and seems to be really intent on sucking her clit. It was almost as though she was telling me that's what she wanted. Betty could no longer take it. I could hear her moans getting louder and her breathing getting faster and in a fever-pitched scream, she came all over Tammy's face! Holding onto the headboard for dear life, she rides her best friends face. She just kinda falls off onto the bed, hyperventilating and giggling at the same time.

"Oh Wow, are you SURE this was your first time with a girl, Tammy?"

There was no answer, Tammy was now holding my head in her hands and trying to force me to suck her clit and make her cum. "Please.. I can't take it no more. I'm going to explode if I don't cum soon."

On hearing that, Betty moved into position with her mouth over Tammy and started licking and sucking on her nipples. With that taken care of, I could concentrate on getting her off, so I moved my fingers into position. My mouth was now latched on to her clit and I began sucking gently while alternating a counterclockwise swirl and an up and down motion with my tongue. I began to slide my fingers slowly into her, up and back towards her G spot... 

"OHHH GOD... OHHHHH... SHIIIITT... OHHHHH RIGHT THERE... DON'T YOU DARE STOP NOW!" 

My fingers and mouth began to increase their pace, as the pads of my fingers found that rough spot, adding gentle pressure to coax out that enormous orgasm. She is now bucking and I'M holding onto her clit for dear life with my mouth... then I try something else, placing the backs of my hands together as I slide my hands in. Working her pussy together with my mouth AND my hands, it's only a matter of time before she cums. I can hear Betty above sucking hard on Tammy's nipples and coaxing her.

"Oh... this is gonna be soooo good baby.... ummmm... cum for me... cum all over his face.... Oh yeah.... that's a girl."

And then it happens, and I close my eyes, because I know it's going to be huge. She arches her back with her ass way in the air as she cums, the first wave of cum hits me and I concentrate on what I'm doing as squirt after squirt of her cum covers my face....

"ARRRGHHHHHHHHHHH.... AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEE." 

She screams, not holding back this time since we're inside now. The bed and me are now soaked with her cum. She crashes back down to the bed, with me still holding on, and her still cumming...trying to catch her breath. I hear another sound of someone cumming and look up to see Betty is now watching us, with her fingers deep inside her pussy having a major orgasm of her own.

Tammy is still. Every once in a while she would tremble or have slight convulsions. I looked at her face and tears were slowly running down her cheek, but a definite smile was there as well, as she lay there seemingly paralyzed from what may have been the most intense orgasm she ever had. She was out. A slight cute snore emitted from her as she slept. Betty and I played with her hair, running our fingers through it as she lay there. Then Betty said, "I'm sooo exhausted. Mind if I take a nap with her?" 

"That's ok... we can continue later. I'm going downstairs and getting something to drink. Maybe watch some TV for a while, let you 2 get reaquainted." I give them both a little kiss.

"Ok," says Betty, half yawning as she lay on her best friends chest.

I got up and went downstairs. Finding a beer in the fridge, I make myself a few sandwiches and relax on the couch.

Flipping on the TV, I found myself dozing off. Hey wait a minute. I thought that other door upstairs was open before? 
