 It was Sunday afternoon and I was lounging on the settee drinking a generous glass of wine watching Dirty Dancing for the 100th time when there was a knock on the door.

"Surprise!" A tall shaven headed young man waving a bottle of vodka greeted me, "Is he in?"

It took a few seconds for my eyes to focus; then I recognised him.

"Lee?" I shouted, and held my arms out to greet my son's best friend since school. As we embraced I saw another couple of young men standing in the corridor of my block of flats. "What are you doing here?" I asked as I stepped back and took in his new muscular tattooed frame.

"We've got a few days holiday so thought I'd bring the lads back home and show them the sights. Is Jason in?"

"No babes," I sighed and smiled. "At work I'm afraid...until about 10...a 12 hour shift." He looked disappointed. "Come in though...come in. Tell me all about the Army."

Lee grinned and nodded before asking, "Is it okay if my mates come in too?" Then waved the bottle again and the other four showed my beer and a two litre bottle of Coke.

"Yeah...yeah...come in."

Once inside we gathered in the tiny kitchen where drinks were poured and shared, as Lee explained they had been out on the town since Friday night, sleeping at his parents house and had just spent two hours in a local pub called The Flying Horse, which made his friends chuckle.

It took a few seconds for the pub's name to resonate..."Oh!" I smiled, "Strippers?"

Lee looked sheepish then nodded and grinned, before changing the subject. 

"This is Sandy...Sandra? My mate's Mum...I told you about her...last night...remember?" He slightly slurred as two of his friends looked at each other and smirked.

"What's that supposed to mean?" I quizzed him as I punched his arm.

"You know." The young soldier looked sheepish again; but 60 hours of drinking had given him plenty of Dutch Courage. "When I used to come around and stay on weekends...you would..." He then looked at his friends for encouragement as I slurped down a mouthful of vodka. "You would...'accidentally' walk across the room in ...your skimpies!" He nervously laughed as he waited for my reaction.

"I...I...I don't remember...any such thing." I lied and looked away as I slurped another mouthful of my holiday measured drink. 

"Yeh you do." He laughed as he sensed me discomfort. "You would be in your bedroom getting ready to go out while we played video games...then suddenly you would burst in wearing just your knickers and bra looking for your phone or something." 

Lee looked at his mates who were all grinning, presumably because he'd gone into graphic detail about my 'little game' the previous evening when they were all drunk. 

It was true. Lee had always been tall for age and good looking too; and a few years ago I'd enjoyed teasing him; not really thinking that my son was watching too.

"I even remember a couple of nights when you wore stockings and sussies." He carried on, "that was the first time I'd ever seen anything like that outside a porn film. And I'd wank myself silly as soon as you went out...usually into...your knickers or your bra."

"Stop it...stop it!" I blushed and slapped his arm again.

"Why?" Lee chuckled, "It's true...you knew, didn't you?"

The atmosphere was electric now as 5 drunk and horny young men surrounded me in my tiny kitchen.

"Sort of." I whispered.

"Sort of?" He laughed out loud, "some nights after two or three wanks they were fucking caked in my gunk!"

"Lee! That's enough...stop it!" I slapped his arm again and wobbled slightly so his friend grabbed me and pulled me towards him.

"How about giving us a show like that Missus?" The stocky mixed race boy asked with a smile, "You're a lot sexier than any of them hags we've just been watching."

"What?" I gasped.

"Yeh...I'll throw in £20 for a lap dance." Another called out as he waved a £20 note.

"Me too." two more joined in.

"How about it Sandy?" Lee asked; slightly menacingly, "A lap dance in your skimpies? For old times sake?"

Now each one had notes in their hands and were chanting "Lap dance...lap dance...lap dance."

It was madness that I would even contemplate such a thing, although the money would certainly come in useful and years ago I'd even considered becoming a stripper when money was tight and a boyfriend suggested it.

Hell; at 38 I was still quite good looking and sexyish; or so men told me. My big boobs sag a bit too much, that's for sure but a lot of men like that sort of thing and my tummy isn't too soft as I go to the gym a couple of times a week.

SHIT! What was I thinking?

"Come on Sandy." Lee grinned and whispered in my ear, " here's £130 for a bit of a lap dance; and you finally get to watch me wank for once."

"Oh good God." I sighed and looked across at the cash on the kitchen table as he stroked my arse through my jeans. "No...no touching...you promise...no touching...but...you can...you know..."

"Wank?" The mixed race lad called Ged asked, "All of us?" I nodded and smiled.

The thought of the 5 young soldiers wanking while I walked around my living room in my best undies made my head spin as I undressed in my bedroom. My hands were shaking as I changed out of my dowdy jeans and sweatshirt into a matching leopard print bra, g-string panties and suspender belt set, with a new pair of shiny black stockings which had been an unused Christmas present from a lover two Christmases ago. Sadly, not expecting any action; I hadn't shaved for several weeks so my pubes were sticking out of the tiny panties in all directions.

I quickly brushed my shaggy blonde hair and applied some red lipstick, then slid on my highest shoes.

Everything was happening far too quickly; but that's what drink does to me...I don't always make the best choices; but £130 and watching 5 young men tugging on their cocks was far too good an opportunity for a woman my age to miss.

With a deep breath I opened my bedroom door and slinked down the corridor as sexily as possible and into the living room where they were sitting drinking with Beyonce blasting out of the stereo. 

Two already had their cocks out and the others had their belts undone and zippers down in readiness.

"Is this what you expected?" I drunkenly purred as I did a pirouette with my arms above my head.

"Shit yeh!"

"Fucking Hell!"

"Lee, mate she's just like you said... a fucking G.L.O.B (Glam Old Bird apparently!)

The drink was now taking it's toll and I began strutting around the room, shaking my boobs and stroking my thighs as the soldiers shouted on dirtier and dirtier encouragement urging me to "shake my stuff" which I did with pleasure; touching my toes with my legs wide apart so my g-string was pulled inside my pussy lips and my 34d boobs nearly fell out of their cups.

Soon I began shaking my boobs close to Lee's face which brought a loud cheer; then I twerked in front of Ged and a ginger haired lad who were sitting on the sofa. One of the cheeky buggers grabbed my arse and when I kept shaking it he gave the string a tug; pulling it even deeper into my pussy and making me gasp.

"Come over here babes." Lee waved his hand, "and sit on my knee." I did a sexy wiggle and sat astride his thick thighs and demurely crossed my legs as my son's best friend buried his face into my heaving bosoms. I was too far gone and couldn't stop myself cupping either side of my chest and rubbing my tits across his stubble covered cheeks as he groped my arse.

After a minute or so I jumped up and continued my sexy dance as the five horny young men openly wanked their hard cocks and drank more beer and vodka. 

"Get yer tits oot!" a Scottish boy shouted followed by the others.

My mind was a blur and I immediately slipped my hands behind my back and unclipped my bra; which was soon being waved around my head as my titties shook from side to side much to their delight. At this stage I don't know who was the most excited, them or me, but their cocks all looked rock hard and my panties were soaking wet and my pussy was dripping down my thighs.

My hands were now stroking my tits and unconsciously between my legs as I danced and they wanked; until one groaned; "fuck it...I gotta cum."

Then another sighed; "me too."

"Sandy babes." Lee groaned; "get on your knees so I can cum on yer tits."

With a grin the size of a watermelon I complied and was surrounded by all five hard cocks. Without a word I automatically wrapped my fingers around Lee's gnarly six inches and began sucking it; then running my tongue along the shaft as I tugged on a second then a third. One by one they stopped wanking and took turns to feed their cocks into my mouth as I gently caressed or wanked two other dicks at the same time.

Obviously they couldn't last much longer and while I was sucking hard on the Scots boys cock I felt one spray his spunk onto my tits followed by a second; this tipped the boy over and as he pulled his cock out of my mouth he erupted all over my lips and eyes...so, so much warm creamy spunk. Being the dirty cow I am, I licked my lips and pushed the residue onto my tongue. Lee was the next to cum; firing his load onto my face too; with the final spurt going into my mouth as the last one shot onto my tits which were now covered in goo.

Satiated the lads all stepped away and resumed drinking. By now my nostrils had flared and my cunt was on fire as I rolled onto my back and lifted my legs up to slide my knickers off revealing my full hairy pussy to the room. With my knees raised I began scratching my hairy pubes and tugging at my labia before sliding two spunk covered fingers deep into my pussy which made a squelching noise as I frigged myself for a couple of minutes; then grunting with excitement and resting on my shoulders with my arse in the air, the boys cock visibly began to stiffen again as I vigorously rubbed my flaming clit as I inserted a third finger. I was now on the verge of cumming; and cumming big which would only mean one thing...when my orgasm hit me I gushed like a fountain. I've never know what it is exactly; but it shot forward about 18 inches and landed on the carpet much to their amazement; especially as I now had a fourth finger frigging my fanny as I slowly lowered myself back onto the carpet gasping for air.

The music had now stopped and the room was silent except for the sound of heavy breathing. Ged was the first to move; standing over me waving his big black cock from side to side; then with a cheeky grin knelt between my legs and slid his hand under my back; lifting my arse upwards for him to slide his thick black cock deep into my hot cunt.

His cock was so thick I sighed as he filled me up like never before; then with his eyes glinting he began fucking me like a wild animal; which was exactly what I needed. Seconds later a long thin cock was slid into my mouth and the pair fucked me from either end in unison as I wanked a third cock.

Minutes later I was lifted onto the sofa and positioned on all fours so they could take turns fucking me doggy style while one would fuck my mouth and throat while I tugged on a third and sometimes fourth cock as they groped and played with my swinging titties. 

Doggy style was the perfect position because I was like a bitch on heat; finally living out my long standing gang-bang fantasy; with five horny, tattooed young soldiers.

Eventually Lee slid beneath me and got me to ride his long cock 'just like he'd wanked about me doing years before' and it was as dirty as I too had dreamed it would be; especially when I leaned forward and spunk dripped down onto his face. One boy took advantage of the situation by lining up behind me and unceremoniously sliding his cock into my arsehole making me scream; but that didn't stop him or them; as a third cock was pushed into my mouth and yet another fantasy was lived out as I got fucked in all three holes at once; but not just once but three times; stretching my arsehole wide open. 

God knows how long this session lasted; but when they finally spunked all over me for the second time it was pitch black outside and my body tingled and ached like never before.

I remained naked apart from my stockings and shoes; covered from head to toe with sweat and the spunk of five horny young men as they dressed.

"Wow Sandy; that was...fucking awesome." Lee whispered as he stroked my tits. "I won't...you know...kiss you...but...thanks; that really was fucking awesome."

"I know." I panted as I gulped the last of my wine; "you have no idea how long I've waited to do that."

"The gang-bang." He grinned; "or fucking me?"

"Both." I smiled as I blew him a kiss.

"Tell Jason I stopped by."

"Hmmmmm...maybe not." I chuckled as the door closed.