 It has been two weeks since I've seen my husband. Lou's been working at his law firm's office in the Grand Cayman and has made arrangements for me to join him for his last weekend there. 

Relaxing in the back seat of the limo; I was staring out the window at aqua blue waters of the Caribbean, deep in my thoughts, what's it going to be like today? How will he do me? What taboo will he make me break? Where in my own passion will he take me? I feel excited; I always do before seeing Lou. I think to myself; He must have planned for days. Every time I see him, it's like getting on a ride, a wild, unhindered, crazy and sometimes scary sexual ride. I smile to myself, because my cunt's already wet and no matter how scary or anxious it gets, I can't stay away from him. As far as sex goes I trust Lou more than any man; past, present and most probably future. Lou's become my guide, my guide to the deepest recesses of my own lust. He has become sex to me. He is my most overwhelming passion. I feel my cell vibrates, a chill runs through my body, he's ready for me. I get the suite number, I wanted to ask the driver to drive a little faster, Lou's waiting and wanting...wanting what he always wants . . . me.

I arrive at the Ritz Carlton, like so many times before at other hotels, ready to fuck my husband, ready to ride that ride, ready for him. Lou meets me at the door, I kiss him wet and passionately. Lou touches me, my body—my tits—my ass and my hairless cunt under papaya color sun dress with open back. Not to his surprise I'm already wet, I'm already wanting, I'm already anticipating, craving him, his body, craving his tongue and hard cock. 

Lou leads me from Foyer, through the Living Room to the Master Bedroom, all the time kissing me, touching me, ravishing me with his mouth and tongue. He throws me down on the bed, down on my back, he whispers in my ear "Hold on gorgeous, I've got some surprises for you." 

Lou undresses me, slow and deliberately; the hundred percent silk material of my Indah Tahani Wave dress caressing me as he slides the spaghetti straps off my shoulders. My dark pink nipples harden as they meet the cool air of the suite. Lou eased off my thong panties slowly down over my heart shape ass, over my thighs and down past my ankles. His face passes so close, so very close to my cunt, that he can feel the heat from my deep, wet hole. Lou lean over and gently, tenderly kiss the wet, warm, throbbing cunt of mine. 

"Mmm..." Sighing, my body trembles. I lie there now naked and vulnerable. I see myself in the ceiling mirror and think, today... whatever he wants.

Lou reaches toward the night table and produces a hand full of silk scarves. Carefully he takes my hands and starts to tie them to the bedpost. I let him tie me up, I always let him do whatever he desires. 

As Lou gently ties each wrist, all I can think about is—I want some cock, I want some hard cock now. Throbbing in my mouth, slamming over and over again into my wanting cunt or easing into my tight pink asshole, I don't care, but I want it, I need it, I need a hard cock. 

While Lou ties me up, I can see his cock through his pant—hard—rock hard. I want to touch it—kiss it—caress it—swallow it whole—feel it inside of me; he continues to tie me up, occasionally touching me, touching my wet, throbbing, anxious cunt. He never sticks his fingers inside, always leaving me in need of the penetration I crave. It wouldn't be so bad if I could not see his cock though his pants; couldn't see how hard he was, couldn't see a cock craving for my cunt, craving to be in me and only me. 

When Lou finishes tying me up, he stands back, and look at me; he circle the bed looking at me. Lou takes off his shirt; I notice his working out at the gym, swimming and play lacrosse is keeping him in shape. In fact his chest looks bigger, harder and shapelier. His arms look strong and big; his shoulders wide and hard. I do love a toned man not muscled-bound but toned. I want to reach out and touch his body, but I can't, I'm tied up—helpless. 

"What are you going to do to me?" 

Lou smiles at me—a smile full of mischief—a bad boy smile. He reaches into his 'special' bag lying by the side of the bed. He takes out a CD, walks over to entertainment armoire, placing it in the player and pressed play. I hear the unmistakable drum beat of island dance music. The drums go right through me—filling me—caressing me—making me dizzy with passion. 

Lou returned to his 'special' bag and slowly pulls out a bottle of wild cherry lubricating jelly that we love so much. How many times has he smeared that cool jelly on my cunt and asshole? How many times has he smeared it on his hard cock and fucked me for hours? How many times have I tasted it as he fucked me mouth? 

Lou lays the bottle across my stomach. I shudder a bit at the coldness of the bottle. Lou reaches into the 'special' bag again and slowly pulls out that big chocolate-brown...'Black Bart', that's what I called it, this awesome larger-than-life twelve inch long dong, two and halve inch thick shaft with the fat fleshy helmet tip, raised veins and shaven balls; I look at it and can't take my eyes off of it. It looks bigger than ever before. I flash back on how it felt inside of me; filling me while Lou filled my mouth with his cock. His hard cock of skin and muscle; moving in and out of my mouth—fucking my mouth—fucking my throat—fucking my entire head. All the time sliding the 'Black Bart' in and out of my wanting cunt. Damn that was good, I almost came as Lou laid 'Black Bart' on my stomach, like a surgeon preparing his instrument table.

Suddenly there's a knock on the door. Lou leaves the Master Bedroom to go answer it. I am a bit worried. Who can it be? 

I hear a voice—a woman's voice with the island accent. "Hello there good-looking"

"Hey baby..." Lou seems to know her, still I'm worried. "We're in bedroom," inviting her in—now I'm more worried. 

Why I'm tied up? Who is this person? Why did Lou let her in? 

I see her for the first time—a black woman—a beautiful black woman with a muscular build and an exquisite face. She enters the bedroom and looks at me, at my body— tied up and helpless. The first thing I notice is her skin color, it's beautiful and so smooth and unblemished; it reminds me of melted milk chocolate pouring out of a hot cauldron. I look over her body; she's taller than me, around five seven, her legs long and shapely. She's wearing a pair of 'Daisy Duke' shorts and a white tank top tee shirt. I scan her legs from her ankle bracelet, up to her full athletic calves. I followed the curve of her thighs, all the way to the roundness of her hips. I tried not to look at her crotch, but I did. I'm surprised to find that I was licking my lips in anticipation. Her stomach is flat, not muscular, but rippled just enough to be sexy, but it's her tits that hold my attention. They're not huge, but they are large, large and perfect. Round and full, they stretch the fabric of her simple white tank top. I wonder how old is she? Who is this woman with the runners' legs and the tits of a seventeen year old? She smiles at me and I notice her rich full lips and straight white teeth on a face dominated by two large, soulful almond shaped brown eyes. She is in a word...striking.

I start to say something, but she places one finger to my mouth and goes, "Shh..." Her lips puckered as she shh's me, she leans her face over mine, removes her finger from my mouth and I feel her warm breath on my face right before she kisses me. A shot of electricity runs through my body, I feel her lips sweet, full and soft against mine. As she kisses me, I feel the soft round curls of her shoulder length hair on my cheeks—it turns me on. She whispers in my ear in a low husk, island accent voice, "You promise not to move pretty lady." With one nod of my head, I surrender to her. 

She opens the bottle of wild cherry lubricant and dabs some on her fingers. Placing the bottle to the side, she runs her finger across my parted lips. I taste the cherry, it reminds me of Lou. Then placing her entire finger in her mouth, slowly and erotically she sucks it clean. She reaches toward my stomach again and picks up the huge 'Black Bart.' She strokes it once or twice and then holding it by the end glides it up across my torso, from my freshly waxed pubic area to my sensitive tits. I want to tell her how much I crave cock. Tell her about how much cock I've had and how much more I want, but I don't. Then with a sly wink to me, she places it aside. 

She reaches up to my hands and unties them. I had almost forgotten I was tied up at all. I notice Lou's puzzled expression across the room. The woman looks at him and playfully sticks her tongue out at him. I notice how long and thick her tongue is; I want that tongue inside of me, thinking to myself. She leans over me again and looks down the length of my body. She runs her hand down my torso, from my tit, down to my cunt. She lightly touches the outside of my cunt, I'm so wet, that's all she needs. Bringing her fingers wet with my juice to her mouth, she licks her fingers, hungrily. Her tongue almost too long to be real, it snakes around her fingers like it had a mind of its own. Again she swipes her hand across my cunt, one finger finding its way between my moist and quivering labia. This time, despite my promise not to move, I rock my hips forward to meet the motion of her hand. She stares at me and holds her hand up like kids do when they imitate the spout in the tea cup song.

She motions with her finger and Lou appeared behind her. She brings her hand to his mouth and he takes her fingers, his tongue licking probing, sucking on her fingers wet and tasting me. Lou held her hand to his mouth and with his free hand he reaches around and cups her large firm tit. I saw her back arch as she responds to his touch and rubs her ass against his crotch. She continues to stare at me, her eyes no longer soulful, now they burn with passion, passion for me and passion for him. She's a predator this woman, a sexual predator and we're her prey. She removes her blouse, her generous full breast now in full view; her large, dark nipples' hard and erect. Lou kissed her neck passionately and his hands running over her body in rhythm with the music, that driving, lustful music.

She turns away from me and towards Lou; her long tongue licking his chest and stomach as she removes his pants. I see Lou's cock, hard, swollen ready to burst out of its skin, the fat head moist and glistening in anticipation. With her back to me, she removes her shorts bending over as she does. I see her perfect black ass, the mounds firm, rounded and tight. Beneath the mounds of flesh I see her clean shaven glistening cunt in all its wetness. I can't help it, I start to touch myself. Touch my soaking wet cunt. Rubbing, massaging and controlling my own pleasure.

She turns toward me and sees what I was doing. I use my free hand to hold my tit and suck on it. I stretch my tongue over my nipple. She sees the length and talent of my tongue and she is pleased. She pants, her eyes roll and her knees buckle slightly. I got to her, I turn her on. She recovers and smiles at me as if I've challenged her. 

She turns to Lou, grabs his shoulders and turns him slightly, so his right side now faces me. She kneels in front of Lou, his cock pointing into her face. Gently cupping his balls in one hand and holding his shaft in the other, she licks the glistening head of his cock, turning her head so she can see me and I can see her, showing off for me. 

"Mmm...," moaning as my hands work rapidly on my sopping wet cunt.

She opens her mouth, wide and then slowly guides his cock in. My mouth mimicking the movements of hers, as my one hand massages my cunt and the other caresses my tits. Lou's hard cock glides in her mouth, deeper, deeper and deeper still and his pole disappearing in her moist and talented mouth; her full lips inching down the shaft of his veined muscle. The deeper down her throat she takes him, the deeper my fingers delve into my quivering, pink cunt. She swallows his cock whole, her lips touching his cropped short pubic hair, her eyes on me. As she pulls back her head, it reminds me of a magic trick, as more and more cock emerges from the abyss wetness of her mouth. I watched again as she swallows, this time faster, harder and deeper. Her head begins to bob back and forth, back and forth, faster and faster, harder and harder. I plunge four fingers deep inside of my craving hole. My mouth sucks on an imaginary cock of its own. Then she stops, her mouth leaving his cock completely. Her attention now focused on me.

Suddenly, her face is over mine. She kisses me—kisses me hard; her tongue searching—probing—overwhelming the inside of my mouth. Her hands working feverishly over my body, my hands do the same to hers. Her entire body, her tits, her legs, her incredible ass, her gorgeous cunt, I feel it all, hungry for her, drunk in the sensation of her. 

She's on the bed now, one knee touching my crotch. I grab the back of her thigh and rub my cunt firmly on her leg, feeling her smooth skin and the firm muscles underneath. She kneels on the bed, moving me and her toward the center. Lifting my shoulders up so I'm sitting straight legged, facing her. She grasps the back of my head and places her magnificent unbelievably firm tit in my mouth. I lick her large and stiff nipples with abandon, grabbing her tits with both hands, massaging them, trying to stick them all in my mouth. With a firm hand she guides my head from tit to tit. She starts to stand on the bed, all the time guiding my head across her chest, across her stomach, across her shaved pubic bone and finally...finally into her wet, plump, cherry dark cunt.

I'm lost in the moment—lost in the music—lost in her body. What strikes me the most is the heat radiating from her dark rich cunt. It feels good on my face. I roll my face in the softness of her cunt; feeling the warmth and wetness on my lips and cheeks. I get up my knees. I want to eat her and I want to do it right. Tentatively my tongue probes the outer cunt lips, outlining the landscape of her vagina, exploring every fold, every flap, every curve of this sweet thing men and now me want. I start to enter her with my tongue, tasting the tangy sweet juice that flows from her. My tongue probes deeper, feeling the fleshy walls of her cunt on the sides of my tongue, feeling the lips of her cunt engulf the sides of my mouth. Every turn of my head, every lap of my tongue, brings her more and more pleasure. Her grip on the back of my head tightens as you thrust and snake my tongue in her rich, plump and dark hole. 

"Go on gorgeous!" I hear Lou say, as she, this sexual predator succumbs to my tongue and mouth. 

"Mmm," she moans as she pushes her cunt into my mouth and with her hand, my head into her cunt. I grab her ass. Smooth and round, her cheeks filling my palms and fingers with firm young meat, and I pull, I pull her hips toward me, till my whole face will enter her. She lets out a gasp, "I'm cumming." Her knees bend, her legs weak, "I'm cumming." I feel her cunt contract against my tongue, "I gonna cum." She grabs my head with both hands; "Eat my cunt slut," every muscle in her body contracts, releases, flexes, contacts, releases, flexes for what seems like an eternity and building my own orgasm.

I hold her, I feel myself tensing "That's right honey cum for me." I can hardly breathe, "Cum for me." I feel the rush, the overwhelming rush as my whole body screams. I came, over and over, my body contorts, my muscles contract. 

Suddenly, she pushes me, throwing me flat on my back, abruptly and forcibly she spreads my legs, exposing my cunt to her, Lou and the ceiling mirrors. She wastes no time at all; she buries her head between my thighs. Her tongue, that long wonderful tongue; twisting, turning, darting, moving, digging, probing, deep—deep inside, lapping furiously outside—lapping like a dog at a water dish, her head moving up and down, back and forth. I spread my legs wide. I want her in deeper. I'm mad with pleasure. I see a cock, a hard wet cock near my face. I almost forgot, about Lou; his swollen cock in my face. I take him in like a woman starving for a man. One hand between his thighs, holding his ass, moving his hips, making my mouth and throat feel like they're being fucked, being fucked real hard. My other hand holds her head, making her face fuck my cunt. Their rhythms alternate, she's in, Lou's out, she's out, and he's in— in, out—out, in. The dance music drums now seem louder, closer, all around me— inside of me. She buries her tongue deep, deep inside of me; I swallow his cock deeper than ever before. I feel like gagging, but I don't, instead I squeeze my throat around his cock, massaging it with my throat, fucking him with my throat.

"Mmm, swallow my cock gorgeous"

Lou pulls out of my mouth, his cock hard, swollen and stiff. He walks behind her; he lifts her up, pulling her away from my cunt. Lou lays her on her back, her head at the foot of the bed.

"Straddle her face... towards me." 

Lou stands by the foot of the bed kissing me, as I ride her face, riding her tongue. He kiss me deep, I feel his tongue, his love and his approval. Lou works his way down to my tits, working them, sucking licking, kissing them. Lower and lower his tongue moves till he reaches my beautiful hairless craving cunt. Her tongue was still deep inside of me, Lou's tongue rapidly flicking my clit. Their tongues dance joyfully in and around my cunt. Their tongues meet inside that fiery, moist hole of mine. Playing, dancing, fighting, whatever they're doing, it feels incredible. I start to buck like a mustang that's never been broken. Her hands and his meet on my ass, their fingers interlaced as they hold on, trying to keep their mouths working in my hot and tasty cunt. 

Lou stops and tells me to turn around; I turn still straddling her, "Eat her, gorgeous, eat her while I fuck the shit out of you." 

I lean forward, my face again in that juicy, plump dark cunt of hers. My tongue immediately goes back to work. I feel her tongue on my cunt, what a tongue! Then she stops. Even though I can't see it, I know she's sucking on Lou, wetting his cock for my cunt. Then I feel it, Lou's cock hard, fat, stiff and throbbing. It parts my cunt lips and inches into me. A little at a time, first the head, then slowly the shaft inch by inch till he enters me—enters me completely. Her tongue wet and warm on my clit as his pole rams me, over and over and over again. Each stroke harder than the one before, harder, faster, again and again. I feel dizzy as start to cum. "Ooooo...," swooning with lust for her cunt and his cock. She thrust her hips up, her cunt pressing against my face, cumming on it. My tongue becomes possessed, it moves— thrust—circles like it had a mind of its own, my juices flowing. Lou's slamming his cock in me, SMACK; his thighs spanking my ass, as his cock dives into my sobbing wet hole. SMACK...the slapping of skin—the feeling of cock stabbing and filling my wet, deep, wanting cunt. I tense, my muscles contract.

"Are you cumming gorgeous? She's cumming, baby. I'm cumming gorgeous...baby!" 

I want to see it; I want to see my husband cum. I stand up, throwing him down on the bed, like a woman possessed. I go straight for his cock, taking it in my mouth, stroking it with my hands, my cunt oozing cumming. She follows my lead and joins me. Both of us lick and suck his bursting cock, my cunt gushing. She and I take turns feeding each other cock 

"Oh god...I'm gonna cum." 

I stroke its entire length, his thighs tighten 

"I'm...I'm... I'm cumming"

"I watch his cock, it twitches, it jerks, it explodes, "I'M CUMMING" Lou's hot cock cream shoots, spurts and oozes out onto our faces, "I'M CUMMING," more shots on our tongues, " Cum with me!"
