 MINA's MUSE – by lstorywriter

A companion story to ETHAN's RELUCTANT JOURNEY – by Mina24

*****

I'm Ethan and this story is about my relationship with my friend Mina from my point of view. She told her story through her eyes in the audio version of Ethan's Reluctant Journey. If you haven't listened to that story I highly recommend you do so before reading further. In her sultry and erotic way she includes all the proper disclaimers and warnings and if you're not at least hot to the touch by halfway through then this story may not be for you.

I'm writing this as I still have very vivid memories on my mind about what happened at our recent New Year's party with Mina and several other friends. To be honest the thought of Mina and that night continue to excite me to the point of wetness. First off Mina will have you believe that what happened that night is about me and going down on our friend Marcus. It is not. It is much more about her desire to please her inner artist and my lust and wonton for Mina – her body and her mind. It has much less to do with cock than it does about pussy from both her perspective and mine. I love women and she is like no other woman I have ever met. The absolute joy and eroticism that lives within her gives me great pleasure and satisfaction. I have tried things and done things with her that I would never do with anyone else; things that most of us only fantasize about.  

Second, I knew I was in for a challenge not long after we met. She has a sweet exterior with beautiful golden skin. She is direct without being pushy. She is lustful and her sexual artistry is a combination of impressionistic oils and surgical precision. Making love with her is like playing chess with life-sized animate players in the middle of a freshly rained forest. Senses high, never knowing whether you will get treated like a King, be in service to the Queen, or get trampled by the Knight. She always knows what may come, but no one else. I am a planned person who works through things in a logical manner and she is anything but. She is calculating and strategic, but explores along the way to find those things that please her the most and knows when she gets to her destination when she arrives – and then leaves again looking for the next. I don't use the chess metaphor in a casual way. She makes her moves to accomplish her goals and as I would come to find out later has a sense of texture and color that makes the ebony and ivory of the game very relevant. 

It became obvious very quickly to me that she was insatiable and had a penchant for doing things to satisfy her curiosity and somewhat different sexual outlook; something that is absolutely intriguing to me that I love. She has good sense of people. It was a small miracle for her to come up with four people that she cultivated and got us to the New Year's party. I am a tall, pleasant looking guy with a well toned build. We met at a party at a mutual friend's house and I was almost immediately drawn to her outgoing, pleasant nature and confidence. She had an obvious energetic sexuality to me and it oozed out of her like warm chocolate filling might do from a freshly baked pastry. We talked for a bit as we enjoyed a few drinks that night and shortly afterward she came close to me, put her hand on the small of my back and drew me toward her. She gently kissed my cheek and then whispered in my ear, "I think it's time that you fuck me." 

While I certainly had no hesitation about her request, it did take me by surprise. In retrospect as I write this it occurs to me that it was not an invitation at all, but rather a slightly veiled order – a manipulation of sorts to get what she wanted, not what I wanted. It just so happened that I wanted it as well. My ego deceived me. She is a master at that and I now know it.

Without looking back at me after she whispered in my ear she took me by the hand and led me down the hall through a bedroom to a bathroom off to itself. She sat on the vanity and looked in my eyes as she unbuttoned my shirt. Neither one of us said a word. Her hands quickly started to massage my chest, moved to my belt and in one motion unbuttoned my pants and lowered the zipper. My hard cock popped forward from my shorts as my pants fell to the floor. Mina looked down, grabbed it with one hand and smiled in childlike delight. "Mmmmmm...I think I'm going to like this" she said. She scooted forward, pulled up her skirt and pulled me closer until my cock was at the entrance to her wet hole. In one motion we both grabbed each other's bottoms and thrust deep into her. That's how it all started.

We got together on a regular basis and our conversation turned to sexual exploration, fantasies and other such things - typical of a new relationship. Our conversations were more investigative than I had ever experienced before with other women. She asked me if I was interested in doing threesomes, having other women involved, having other men involved, role play and other things. I have a well exercised imagination and in my mind's eye many of these things were quite intriguing. One evening while she was on her knees she looked up at me and said she would like for me to cum in her mouth, but only if I would agree to have a threesome with her. Now really, how difficult of a choice is that! She gleefully smiled as I agreed as though she had just taken one of my pawns without my knowledge and proceeded to deep throat me until I erupted.

Several weeks later she arranged for the three of us to meet for dinner and told me that she had made all the arrangements. I was to meet the two of them at the restaurant and was elated at the thought of doing a threesome with this magnificent woman. As I entered and looked around the room to find her and the other woman I realized that my ego had once again deceived me. As our eyes met I could clearly see another man sitting next to her. Our threesome that she had planned was with another man, not another woman like I had envisioned for these past 10 days! Shit, what the fuck was I going to do with this? This just isn't right. Trying to regain my composure I approached the table and the man sitting next to her stood up and extended his hand. "I'm Marcus, Mina's friend. I understand we're going to spend some time together." Marcus is a big, black man; very well built. My first thought was that he might play professional football. 

I sat down on one side of Mina in what must have been obviously a very uncomfortable looking position. Marcus, who turned out to be a very good guy and is now one of my good friends looked at Mina and said, "You didn't tell him did you?" She shook her head from side to side and chuckled. "No, no I didn't. Am I a bad girl for not doing that?" She smiled at me and Marcus and he excused himself from the table. He said he was going to scoot off for a few minutes so we could talk.

"I can't fucking believe this" I said. She moved her chair right in front of mine and asked me what couldn't I believe? "He's a guy, not a girl!" She replied, "Who ever said it was a woman?" She took my hand in hers and slid it up her dress all the way to her panties. She was dripping wet. "I want both of you to fuck me hard. I love having your cock inside of me and I want to have Marcus fuck me too. His cock is gorgeous and I am so horny. I really want you to experience this with me." 

"If that's what you want I'll do it for you" I replied. "Aren't you interested too" she asked? We had talked about threesomes in our conversations with another guy, but I had always thought of it more as a fantasy than actually ever happening. And on top of that I still had this whole notion of two women in my head. I was trying to get my mind around the fact about it being two guys! "And, you know, if you want to hook up with Marcus that would really turn me on as well" she said. "No way! I am just getting o.k. with the idea of doing this for you, but there is no way that I plan on touching him or letting him touch me. If that's not o.k. with you then I'm out of here now" I said. 

I had forgotten my hand was halfway buried inside of her when Marcus approached the table. As he sat down she pressed my hand harder into her crotch and said of course that was o.k. What she really wanted was to have both of us fuck her. She said she was incredibly excited about it, which was obvious from the heat and wetness emanating from between her legs. We all had a few drinks and the social lubricant took the edge off that I had when I walked in the door. We had a lot of fun that evening, but mostly it was just incredibly hot to see how worked up Mina got during the whole thing. Marcus has a bigger cock than I do. It's about the same thickness, but probably two inches longer than mine. I come in right at seven, so I'm thinking he weighs in at nine inches or better. She loved all the attention and must have cum seven or eight times. It gives me great satisfaction to see her happy and excited like that so I ended up really enjoying the night. That's how I met Marcus.

Over the next few months Mina kept bringing up that evening and telling me how hot she thought it would be if I hooked up with Marcus. I kept telling her that I didn't think I could get over the reality of doing that. Fantasizing about it was one thing, but actually doing it was something else. I think it was at that moment that she changed the game and moved twenty steps ahead of me. She charted out her plan to fulfill her wish.

Mina worked on me for weeks talking about fantasies and the psychological barriers to putting them into action. We talked about taboos and where they came from. She introduced me to her friend Sara and the three of us got together. "Why is it o.k. for me and Sara to do it and not you and Marcus?" she would ask. This was not an intellectual thing for me, it was emotional. The thought of doing some of these things with another guy was very appealing, but the actual doing it part was just something I didn't know if I could ever get over. I really did want to do it for her, but just didn't know if I could.

Mina went as far as to have Sara over one night and struck up some playful foreplay. Sara has light, white skin and Mina's is a beautiful golden color. Mina is irresistible in her own right, but the two of them together turned up the burners several notches for me. As Mina was playing with Sara's pussy while sitting behind her she suggested that I fuck Sara while she rubbed her clit. Sara's as tight as Mina and having both of these women in front of me while fucking her was a tremendous turn on. Mina urged me to cum inside Sara as she watched. It didn't take anything more to push me over the edge and I exploded inside of Sara as Mina got that devilish smile on her face.

"I think Sara gets a turn now Ethan. You like her pussy so how about going down on her and getting her off? She deserves that much in return for fucking you, doesn't she?" I couldn't argue with that. I lowered myself onto my knees and began licking Sara up one side and down the other of her swollen slit. I totally enjoy going down on a woman while stroking my cock. It didn't take long for my erection to return and I began feverishly pumping myself as Mina pulled my head tighter into Sara. "Do something for me Ethan" I heard from above. "When Sara cums take up a good mouthful of hers and yours and save some for me." Mina went on to keep telling both of us over and over again how hot it was watching the two of us. She was pinching Sara's nipples as she pulled me in closer..."This is so fucking hot. Cum all over his mouth Sara. Let him taste every drop you have."



Sara started to tense up and I could tell she was getting close. I started to flick my tongue back and forth on her very swollen clit. "Ethan, jerk that cock babe. I want you to cum again for me, can you do that? Cum when she does - o.k.?" I buried my face deeper in between her legs and as Sara began to convulse I pumped another orgasm out of myself. It was very deep and very intense. "Ethan, don't forget to save it for me. Don't swallow" I heard Mina say. As I regained some of my senses I pulled my head backward and stood up. Mina smiled and opened her mouth. I leaned over as Sara turned her head backward to Mina and opened my mouth. The milky combination of my cum mixed with Sara's gently floated through the air until it landed in Mina's waiting mouth. She smiled again and turned her head toward Sara and planted a deep kiss.

"How did you like the taste of your own cum" she asked me later that evening. I was a bit taken back by the question because I hadn't really thought about it at the time. "Well, I kind of liked it actually." "Hmmm...funny sometimes how in the right circumstances those once fantasies that become reality turn out to be not all that bad, huh?"

Fast forward three months to December 31, 2011. Mina decides to throw a New Year's party and invite the whole neighborhood! It was a blast. We all had a great time ringing in the New Year, dancing, drinking and just having a good time. Mina asked Sara and Marcus if they wanted to stick around after everyone left and we all sat down in the living room with a few drinks. There were two sofas in the room that faced each other. Marcus and I were on one side and Mina and Sara were on the other. None of us were feeling any pain and were just kicked back and relaxed. It was just about then that Mina looked over at Marcus and me and gave us a totally seductive look. "You boys interested in fucking these really tight and horny pussies" she asked? I think Sara and I have at least one thing in common. Both of us would do almost anything for Mina, and she knew how to turn us on and push our buttons. Not that either of us minded you understand. Marcus on the other hand always seemed a bit more able to resist her. Not that she didn't excite him, but it was in a different kind of way.

"Well, are you interested or not?" 

She ran her hand up Sara's skirt and started to play with her. Sara readjusted in the sofa and just started to really enjoy the massage she was getting. Mina pulled up her skirt and said, "Two really hot pussies waiting for you. I know you want to fuck this shit." Mina got down on her knees in front of Sara and hiked her skirt up so Marcus and I had a straight in view of her butt sticking up in the air and Sara's pussy. I was getting hard thinking about running my cock in and out of Mina and unzipped my pants and pulled myself out. Marcus was rubbing his cock through his pants and I was gently stroking myself watching Mina push aside Sara's panties and begin to lick her slit. Mina eventually stood up and looked at me and said, "Stay boy. You need to slow it down a bit. We're just getting started." I took a deep breath and let my cock stand there by itself watching these two amazing bodies enjoy each other.

Mina dropped her clothes to the floor and sat on the sofa and had Sara sit in front of her and spread her legs so Marcus and I had a bird's eye view. God this was so incredibly fucking hot. Mina started to rub Sara's clit and open her up and asked us again if we wanted some. We both shook our heads up and down. Marcus and I were both about ready to go pounce on the two of them when Mina said, "If you want some of this the two of you need to do each other first." I was stroking my cock again and I heard Marcus say, "You gonna suck my dick or what?" I looked back at Mina and saw that gleam in her eyes and decided it was time to just fucking try it. Without saying a work I got down on my knees, unzipped Marcus' pants and pulled out his huge hard on. I glanced back at Mina and Sara as I put the tip of his cock in my mouth. They both looked at me in absolute amazement that this was actually going to happen!

Mina kept working on Sara for a bit just to keep me interested as I watched out of the corner of my eye. The two of them were incredibly hot and I did what I could for a bit on Marcus. A few minutes later Mina came over and pulled off my pants and my shirt. She readjusted me a bit and said, "How does that taste my little cocksucker? You have no idea how hot I am getting watching you suck his dick. That beautiful black cock with your red lips wrapped around it is amazing!"

It was very obvious that this is what Mina had been waiting for all these months. She was in absolute delight that she had finally gotten me to go down on Marcus. It had been her fantasy to see us going at it and she was beyond sexually excited and almost hyperventilating. She asked Sara to come over and join us and to get underneath me and suck my cock. At the same time she put some pressure on the back of my head and slowly pushed down to have me take more of Marcus' member. I remember that I actually enjoyed the feeling of this cock in my mouth.

Mina appeared to be in a combination state of awe and sexual arousal that I had never seen her in before. She pushed my head down harder until I gagged and recoiled instinctively.



"Relax my love, relax. Enjoy the experience Ethan. Don't fight it."

Moments later I heard Mina get up and say that she had to have something in her cunt. The whole site of this had her so aroused that she needed some relief. She instructed Marcus to lie down on the couch and then mounted his face. I continued to work on Marcus and slowly took more of him into my mouth. He was face fucking me and Sara was gently working on my cock with her mouth from underneath. I remember thinking that it all felt so incredible. More importantly though I remember starting to lose a sense of worry and judgment and began to lose myself in the moment. It was an incredible feeling that I had never experienced before.



My senses were beginning to get so heightened that I was having some difficulty following what was going on around me. To be honest I don't think I really cared. I came back to some sense of consciousness when I heard Mina cumming on Marcus' face. When she did that someone's hands pushed my head down hard and the cock that I was sucking took a deep dive down my throat. It hurt a bit as it went down, but came back up quickly.

Mina came back down beside me and I think I heard her say that she wanted to share with me. I looked over and there she was with her face next to mine. She kissed me and said, "You are an incredible cocksucker and I love that you are doing this. I am so hot right now." We both caressed and licked Marcus and each other for a while, listening to Marcus moan as we made love to his erection.

Mina made some comment about Sara being wonderful. Apparently Sara had the presence of mind to find a dildo and start to work on Mina with it. We continued to lick up and down Marcus' shaft as Sara worked on Mina's dripping hole and my cock with her hand at the same time. I could taste Mina in my mouth along with Marcus as we continued licking up and down his hard shaft and tonguing each other deeply.

Mina moved back, took my head and proceeded to push my face back down. The pace picked up and before long Marcus was face fucking me again and Sara was back down sucking on me. Mina leaned into me and said she had a surprise. It was something that all good cocksuckers needed to have. I felt her hand reach behind me and open up the cheeks of my ass. The warmth of her tongue found its way into my hole – flicking back and forth. In a moment I felt the first finger enter my ass and then the second. I was beyond normal consciousness at this point and was open – literally and figuratively – to whatever she wanted to do. I don't think she realized that entirely at the time, but it really didn't make any difference at that point.

I couldn't focus on what was being said because the sensation of Sara sucking my dick and Marcus pushing himself into my mouth, with Mina's fingers in my ass was taking over. I was in total sensory overload. The next thing I felt was something plunge into my ass. I thought for a moment that is was Marcus, but then I realized he was still in my mouth. It pushed in further and I felt a sharp pain that made me recoil a bit and come halfway back to my senses. I heard Mina say, "Take it up your ass Ethan, push into it and take it up your ass!" I obliged and gently pushed outward as the object she had in her hand slid past the muscle and deep inside of me. Several seconds later whatever Mina was holding was easily sliding in and out of me. It got deeper and deeper and faster and faster as it pushed up against my insides.
