 "A baby sitter?!?!? Dad, are you fucking serious?!?!?"

Albert stared hard at Chrissy and replied, "With you two? After that party last winter where you drained my liquor cabinet? Absolutely!

"But also understand something. It's Mike. He's been very lonesome these past few months without his wife. Splitting up is REALLY tough. Please try to understand. Not only do I want him keeping an eye on you, but I also want him to be around people."

Chrissy, 23, a raven-haired Italian girl with a perfect 5'8", 130 lb. body, smooth tan skin from her time out in the sun, 34C breasts, beautiful round brown eyes and full, pouting lips, stopped complaining. "Oh, Mike. He's cool. Even though he's old... er," she said with a laugh, "he likes our music and doesn't treat us like kids. He's okay."

Vicki, at 20 a virtual carbon-copy of her sister, except a couple of inches shorter and 15 lbs. lighter, agreed. "I could deal with Mike being here for two weeks. He doesn't hassle us. I even LIKE hanging out with him. Don't worry, Dad, we'll treat him right!"

"Right, then it's settled. He'll be here in a few minutes. Remember, girls, he's in charge. You treat him like he's the king of the castle, or so help me I'll ground you two into the next lifetime. Understand?"

Both girls snapped to attention and saluted their father.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

As I was driving over that Saturday afternoon, I of course knew nothing about any of this. All I knew was that Albert and Nancy were going on a Mediterranean cruise -- a milestone anniversary, I think -- and had asked me if I would house-sit and mind their daughters while they were gone. I didn't mind. Since my divorce this past winter, I really didn't have anything better to do. We hadn't cheated on each other. We didn't have any financial issues. We'd just grown apart and fallen out of love with each other. It happens sometimes. We'd parted as friends.

Except to go shopping, I'd barely left the house these seven months. But it was now summer and Albert and Nancy decided I needed to put myself amongst the living again.

At 55, I was still in pretty good shape. 5'10, 175 lbs. of lean muscle -- I still lifted my weights and went to the gym -- and thick salt-and-pepper hair. Nancy had said something about how she was going to fix me up with some of her divorced friends when I told her I was ready. I wasn't ready yet.

I'd always gotten along well with Chrissy and Vicki. I'd known them practically from the cradle. I played in a band and, to the girls' delight, sometimes even played their song suggestions. I didn't have any children, so I doted on them as if they were my own. They would kid me as they were growing up about all the baby-sitting money they missed out on.

I arrived at their house. Albert gave me the various instructions and phone numbers in case I needed any help. The girls arrived -- they were both wet from having just taken a dip in the pool, so they refrained from hugging me even though that was their standard greeting -- and were told once again, firmly, "Mike rules this roost for the next two weeks. He says 'Jump', your answer is 'How high?' Cook for him -- these two love to cook! -- and make him happy. My house is his house, right?" The girls smiled and nodded, then brought my bags up to the guest room. Satisfied, Albert and Nancy loaded up their luggage in the cab and were on their way.

Chrissy came down and asked, "Look, Mike, I have my job to go to during the week and Vicki is taking summer classes at the local college. Since the rest of the time we're practically under house arrest, is it okay if we have friends come over? We won't be loud. The liquor cabinet is locked now, so I don't know what Dad's so bent out of shape about. You can hang out with us too if you like. We want you around. You're like the cool parent -- even though you weren't actually one."

I nodded. "I'm probably going to be boring as hell while I'm here. I'll probably spend a lot of time in my room reading or watching TV. Friends are okay. Just a couple of things -- no boys, and you two don't go out at night. Are we good with that?"

Chrissy smiled. "No problem. We're going to do what we can, though, to get you out of that bedroom."

Or find a reason to keep you in it, she said to herself.

The girls were both dressed in bikini tops and white cotton shorts. They prepared a virtual feast for dinner -- pasta primavera with grilled chicken mixed in. The girls were really happy that I asked for a second helping. They really prided themselves on their cooking, and they'd noticed I'd lost a little weight since my separation. After a dessert of ice cream and chocolate sauce, the doorbell rang. Vicki got up to answer it, and brought in their friends Stephanie and Regina, who I also knew from the neighborhood.

Stephanie, 23, a bronzed, blonde sculpted goddess at 5'10 and a muscular 145, had gone to college on a full soccer scholarship, and graduated magna with an engineering degree. She was studying for her Masters' at a local university. I had tutored Regina, 20, who was studying English lit. Although not as gorgeous as her sister, Regina was still pretty and perky, at 5'7 and 135 with dark hair, a round face, a toned body and muscular legs from hours of swimming practice. Stephanie was dressed in a pink button-down shirt tied under her 36C breasts, and a tiny purple mini-skirt seated on her hips. Regina was wearing a white tank, against which her 34B bra-less breasts stood, and a short white denim skirt. Each of the new arrivals hugged me like the old friends we were.

Oh, if I were 30 years younger, I thought to myself. But not with these girls, though. I was practically an uncle to each of them.

Although they asked me to join them in the rumpus room in the basement for music and PS4, I politely declined. Instead, I went upstairs, undressed, changed into my sleeping shorts, and lay down on the queen-sized bed in my room. I turned on the TV, but, not really interested in what I was watching, picked up my iPad and continued the novel I'd begun a couple of days earlier. After about an hour, I fell asleep with the iPad on my chest and the TV still on.

The next thing I knew I was being shaken awake. "Mike, c'mon, wake up!", I heard Vicki saying. I felt her shake my shoulder a couple of times. "COME ON, Mike! We need you downstairs!" I was still groggy and trying to get my bearings. I looked at the clock -- 9:30 PM. I turned towards Vicki, and asked, "Is everybody okay down there? Are Stephanie and Regina still here?" She nodded, and said, "Oh, don't worry, everything's fine. We just need your help with a question we all have -- and we need you to come downstairs to answer it." Confused but interested, I let Vicki take me by the arm and lead me down to the basement. What I saw astonished me.

There was a large chair in the center of the room, along with three exercise mats in a semi-circle around it. Kneeling on each of the three pads was Chrissy, Stephanie and Regina -- all of them stark naked. Almost as if it had a will of its own, my dick sprang to attention under my shorts. All four of the girls were staring intently at it.

Vicki led me -- and I was walking as if in a stupor -- towards the chair, removed my shorts, and sat me down in it. She then removed her top and shorts and knelt in front of me.

"We want to have a contest, to find out who amongst us gives the best head. Since we don't have another man around, you'll have to do. Not that any of us has any problem with sucking you off. You're still pretty hot even for an older guy." She then tilted her head downward and took my 6 inches all the way down to the hilt.

Chrissy, sensing that I might try to object, jumped from her place and held me down firmly in the chair. She looked down at her sister, who held my cock firmly in her mouth. The two smiled at each other. Chrissy said "Each of us will get three minutes' turn. Whoever makes you come gets... the prize. Vicki, your time starts now." Vicki began bobbing up and down on my shaft, occasionally probing with her tongue. The pleasure I was feeling outweighed whatever objections I might have had to being sucked off by this hot girl.

Vicki continued, occasionally taking my manhood out of her mouth and licking, from the base all the way to the tip. She would then deep-throat me, holding me in her mouth as long as she could before her gag reflex kicked in. Chrissy held me close from behind, softly cooing into my ear, "Isn't my sister fucking HOT? Wouldn't you just LOVE to blow your cum into her mouth? Or into her pussy? But maybe we'll talk about that later. Mmmm, isn't she doing a GREAT job?" Chrissy then looked at her watch, and said to Vicki, "Time's up."

Vicki looked disappointed. "I just barely started!" she complained.

"With any luck, you'll get another chance. It all depends on how long he can hold out. Stephanie, you're next."

Stephanie's muscles rippled as she crawled over to me, her long blonde hair in contrast to her bronzed skin. She gently took my cock into her mouth and began sucking gently, slowly, occasionally using her tongue to stimulate my penis head. As she slowly bobbed up and down, Chrissy massaged my shoulders and again softly spoke encouragement to me. "Oooh, she must be making you SO hot! I'll bet that her pussy is just as hot as her mouth, don't you think? Hot blonde on your dick... every guy's fantasy, right? How long do you think you're going to be able to last? Do you WANT to blow into her mouth? Or maybe mine or Regina's? I didn't think Vicki would get you off that quickly."

I couldn't believe this was happening. While Stephanie was fellating me, the two girls I could see were moaning. Regina started to masturbate, but Chrissy shot her a withering glance that stopped her. I guess that was against the rules. Chrissy then announced, "Time, Steph. Change places with me. Here's my watch -- time me for three minutes."

Stephanie came over, and gently wrapped her arms around me and kissed me wetly on the cheek. Chrissy knelt down and licked my penis head for about thirty seconds. Stephanie then licked my ear while Chrissy tongued my balls, then deep-throated me like her sister had. She then bobbed up and down quickly, trying to draw my cum out, but Stephanie stopped her by telling her time was up.

Now BOTH of the older sisters held me, kneeling on either side of me and kissing me and licking my ears. In my wildest fantasies, I couldn't have imagined this. In my younger days I'd had a threesome or two. But a potential FIVESOME? And at my age? I was actually wondering if I would survive it.

Chrissy then said, "Reg, it's your turn now." There was no subtlety at all to Regina's cock-sucking. Just straight up-and-down, up-and-down fucking me with her mouth. She moaned softly as she sucked me, and played with my balls as if she thought she could squeeze my baby batter out that way. She looked up at me while she had my cock in her mouth, and smiled.

"Don't worry yourself about this, Mike." Chrissy said. "We all WANTED to do this. Yeah, I know, you thought you were going to be taking care of US. But isn't THIS nice? We -- my sister and I -- have a few plans for these couple of weeks. Dad told us to treat you like a king. Well, kings have harems, right?" I suddenly thought of Albert and how I was betraying him, but Regina started sucking a little harder and drove the thought from my mind. "Don't worry," Chrissy continued, "we're all on the pill. There WON'T be any souvenirs from the next couple of weeks. Reg, time!"

The cycle continued for one more full round and part of another. While Stephanie was sucking me during the third go-round, I began to feel the build-up from within. This time, Vicki and Regina were holding me and giving encouragement. They were both licking my ears as Stephanie quickened her normally moderate tempo. As I rose slightly from the chair, Stephanie took my dick out of her mouth and pumped feverishly with her hand. I screamed out, "Oh, GAAAAAAAHHHHHHHD!!!!" as the first thick blast hit her right in the face. Stephanie pulled my dick slightly to the side, aiming it towards Chrissy, who was kneeling right next to her, her mouth wide open. The second and third streams landed right on her tongue. The remainder of my cum -- five more hard spurts - was caught in their hands. I slumped back in the chair exhausted, my heart pounding, as Vicki lapped some of my love juice from her sister's hand, and Regina licked her sister's face.

After each of them had gone to the bathroom and cleaned themselves up, they re-assembled around me.

"Well, Stephanie," Chrissy intoned, "you're tonight's winner. You get the prize!"

"Does anyone want to guess what the prize is?", Chrissy said as all four girls looked at me lustfully.

Stephanie stood, walked over to me, sat herself down on my lap and, before I could even begin to object, rammed her tongue deeply into my mouth. Her mouth smelled of Listerine mint.

Like a game-show host, Chrissy sing-songed, "It's an all-expenses-paid trip to... MIKE'S BEDROOM! There, in the privacy of your own luxurious bed, you two can act out whatever fantasies come into your head! It's a prize package worth... a lifetime of memories for you both! Vicki, we have to prepare tomorrow's meals. Let's leave the two lovebirds alone now. Regina, come upstairs and help us out."

I was still in a daze from 40 minutes of having my cock sucked. I wasn't sure WHAT to think, but I wasn't EXACTLY upset at this turn of events. Stephanie took me by the arm, led me upstairs to my room, and locked the door behind us.

She crawled into bed next to me, kissed me and wrapped her muscular arms and toned legs around me as I lay on my back.

"Why are you girls doing this?" I wondered aloud.

"We love you like family. We all know how much you've been hurting ever since... since..." She saw tears well up in my eyes and held me closer. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have brought that up.

"For tonight, I'm completely yours. Do with me as you like. As much as you like. I can already guess that you're a much better lover than any guy I've ever been with -- all your years of experience!"

"We can move as fast or as slow as you like. Even though I probably could, I'm not going to force you into anything you don't want to do. My pussy is aching for you, Mike, but if all you want to do is hug and talk, that's fine. Just know that I do want you, and will do anything to make you happy tonight. Just know this: I'm going to wake up in the morning with an absolutely clear conscience about whatever happens. And I hope you will too. I -- we -- wanted to wind up here. Chrissy and Vicki are going to get to have you for the whole time their parents are gone." This, by the way, was news to me -- the first I heard of their intentions. "I know Regina's disappointed, but she'll get her chance later -- if you want to give it to her."

I pulled Stephanie closer and kissed her on the cheek. She smiled, looked at me with the most seductive green eyes I'd ever seen, and gently kissed me on the lips, her tongue probing around my mouth.

"Take your time, baby," Stephanie moaned. "I SO want you inside me! But do whatever feels right to you."

I rolled towards her, and took one of her nipples into my mouth. She sighed, "Oh, GOD, that feels so good. PLEASE rub my pussy while you do that!" I rubbed her soft belly in circles as I inched my way down to her hot love tunnel. "Oh, PLEASE, Mike, don't tease me that way! I'm going to jump your bones and fuck you silly if you keep doing that!" When I plunged my middle finger into her wet womanhood, she arched her back and groaned loudly. She held me even tighter, kissing my head and rubbing my hair while I sucked her tits and played with her clit. Her pussy was absolutely soaked and getting wetter with each stroke of my hand. I felt her building up to a monstrous orgasm, as she writhed and twisted under my hand. "Oh GOD, YES, baby, I'm gonna COOOOOOOMMMME!!!!!" as she exploded in rapture. She held my head firmly against her chest as I sucked furiously on her tit. I felt some tears on her cheek, and licked them off her. "Oh my GOD, don't stop!!!! I'm going to come AGAIN!!!!" she screamed as the second wave, hard on the heels of the first, overtook her.

There was a pounding on the wall -- apparently Chrissy's room was right next door, and she, Vicki and Regina had congregated in there. I heard Chrissy's muffled laugh as she called, "Keep it DOWN, godammit! Don't you know there are CHILDREN in here?"

Stephanie called back, "FUCK you! You all would give a million bucks to be where I am right now!"

I didn't even really notice -- but apparently Stephanie did -- that my rod had grown back to full readiness. I always got turned on by making a woman come. She pulled me on top of her and demanded, "Now, STICK that hot cock into me! I've been fucked by BOYS before -- let me know what it's like to be fucked by a MAN!!"

She greeted my manhood with a loud "OOOOHHhhhhh!!!" Her pussy was so amazingly wet and warm. I honestly thought I was spent after getting blown by all four of them, but I pumped away with strength and enthusiasm. Let me tell you, at that moment I didn't feel like I was more than 30 years older than this girl. Her apparent desire for me made me feel YOUNG. Believe me, she let me know about it. "Oh, my GOD, how hard and long you are!! FILL me up!!! SHOVE that dick into me!!! FUCK me like you're never gonna stop!! Oooh, yeah!!!" She wrapped her strong arms around me and held me close, kissing me hard on the mouth and all over my face as she let me know how much she was enjoying me. I suddenly felt the pressure inside, and with a loud AAAAARRRRRGGGHHH squirted my seed into her. As I slowed down, Stephanie held me even tighter.

As I tried to roll off, she whispered, "Stay here. Just let me love you. If you fall out, you fall out. But I want you to stay close." She nibbled on my ear, lightly licked my cheeks, kissed me on my mouth, and moaned her contentment softly into my ear. As my penis fell out of her, she wrapped her legs around mine. We lay there in the dark, breathing as one, for a long time. Then she finally let me go. I lay on my back breathing deeply and with my heart still pumping hard, and Stephanie lay one arm on my chest and twined one of her legs around mine. We soon both fell asleep.

I dreamed vividly of what had happened in the basement. I felt each one of them in turn, with their various styles of fellatio -- Vicki's deep-throating, Stephanie's slow-but-steady rhythm, Chrissy's probing tongue and sensuous lips, and Regina's no-nonsense piston-like motion. Did I hear Stephanie correctly, that Chrissy and Vicki were planning to fuck me for the entire two weeks their parents were gone? I'd be a dead man before their folks got home. Did I care? No. Who's going to object to getting screwed by ANY of these girls? If I'm going to die, this is the way to go about it... the soft, intense feeling of lips and tongue -- or pussy -- trying to draw cum out of my dick. If this was a dream, I didn't want to EVER wake up...

... but wake up I did... to the sight of Stephanie on top of me, riding me for all she was worth and screaming "MIKE!!! Oh my GOD, MIKE, FILL me up with your hot cum again!!!" She started bucking even faster. "GIVE IT TO ME!!!! GIVE IT ALL TO ME!!! AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" she yelled as she threw her head back and her body tensed up in another intense orgasm. She fell onto my shoulder, breathing heavily.

"Stephanie, I thought you were sleeping!!!"

"I thought YOU were too, baby, but I saw that... well... PART of you was wide awake! I sucked you off for a bit, then got on top. Do you like being ridden like this, baby? Hmmm? DO you?"
