 Hi, my name is Mindy and I'm a sophomore college student. Although you won't believe it after reading this, I must say that generally I am somewhat reserved. I was brought up in a conservative household and didn't date much in high school.

About a month ago something crazy happened to me. It was my roommate Ashley's birthday and she had planned a night out with her friend Gina and me. It was Friday night and she had invited Gina over to our dorm. I hadn't met Gina before that night but immediately liked her. Gina was a little shy but had a great sense of humor. Gina seemed to know Ashley from high school. 

While we were hanging out, Ashley told us she wanted to have lots of fun on her birthday and that she was feeling a little wild since she was turning 21. On that note we decided to have a couple beers before we did anything and we spent about an hour talking and laughing while listening to music.

The first thing we had to do that night was to go out to dinner with Ashley's parents. It looked like Gina was dressed to go out partying because she had on a cute skirt, tank top, and 3-inch heels. Ashley and I quickly put on skirts as well with me wearing a sexy white blouse and Ashley a paisley halter top. We all touched up our makeup and then headed out.

I hadn't met Ashley's parents before and had only known Ashley for about 3 months, so I wasn't sure what to expect of them. Ashley's parents turned out to be very cool. We had dinner at a nice restaurant and Ashley's parents paid for Gina and me after lots of protesting.

After the dinner we went back to her parent's house for awhile. It took about an hour before Ashley found a way to excuse us and we headed out. When we were back in Gina's car, Ashley told us she wanted to go to see some guy friends from school. Apparently Gina knew the guys also and they had told them we could come over after dinner with Ashley's parents. It was about 11:00pm and we headed over.

There were three guys at the house. Dave, Matt, and Todd all looked like jocks, but seemed much more educated than the few jocks I had met before. I don't think they actually played any sports at the university, but they were all very athletic looking and cute!

When we got there the guys brought us to the living/family room and we all sat down. Todd brought us all some sort of alcoholic punch and we began to talk while Matt turned on some music. The guys were very well behaved and I was really enjoying myself. I hadn't met any of them before, but Ashley and Gina seemed to know them pretty well which made me comfortable. While we were talking, one of the guys named Dave brought out some weed and we probably smoked and drank for at least 90 minutes.

At some point Ashley blurted out, "I want to do something wild and fun! It's my birthday!" which made us all about fall over. We were all a little stoned and I wasn't sure any of us could drive. Matt then suggested we could play some poker. Gina suggested we could go out to a club, but that got shot down quickly since half of us were still under 21 and it was already about 1 AM. Dave suggested we watch a DVD. All these ideas seemed to bore Ashley. Then Todd suggested we could play Truth or Dare. Ashley got a devilish grin and said, "Yes! That could be fun."

I wasn't so sure about that, but everybody else seemed to join in at once and got excited about playing. I had never played before, and Ashley immediately saw the reluctance on my face.

"It will be fun Mindy. Oh, come on ... We can quit if you don't like it."

"OK," I said as I nodded my head and decided I better play since everybody was into it and I didn't want to spoil Ashley's birthday.

Todd left the room and then came back with a box and some cards. Apparently the guys had played this before because he explained that we were to draw cards and either answer the truth or perform the dare, whichever it was.

"OK, we have to sit in a circle on the floor, alternating girl and guy." Todd said. As we all took our places, Todd added, "And if any of us fails to answer the question or perform the dare, there will be serious consequences!"

Everybody laughed at Todd's instruction and it seemed like I was the only one wondering what these consequences would be. I brushed it off since nobody challenged this idea and I got settled into my spot.

Dave brought us all another round of drinks and then we got started. Ashley pulled the first card. It was a dare. The card read, "Remove one piece of clothing." At the bottom it said that both shoes and socks count as one piece of clothing." Everybody made whistling noises, and Ashley then removed her sandals. I couldn't believe I was doing this!

Todd went next and was asked a truth. The card read, "Have you ever had oral sex with someone from the same sex? If not, would you like to try it?" Everybody laughed and waited for Todd's answer which was "No! and No!."

It was my turn next. I pulled the same dare card as Ashley and I removed my sandals.

Matt went next and pulled another dare card and removed his flip flops.

Gina followed by removing her sandals. Everybody was getting the same card.

Dave then got a truth card which read, "Have you ever had sex with more than one person at a time?" Dave thought for a minute while we all laughed and listened carefully. He said, "I haven't yet, but I wouldn't mind trying it if it's in the cards."

More laughing followed Dave's answer and then Ashley went next and got a dare card which asked her to remove a piece of clothing. She removed her top revealing a sexy low cut black bra that barely seemed to contain her D-cup breasts. They guys all whistled while I was a little embarrassed for Ashley. But looking at her, she seemed to be having as much fun as the guys!

Todd went next and removed his shirt since he wasn't wearing shoes or socks. Todd had a strong hairless chest which I thought was very sexy. I also noticed that he had strong arms and abs. He must work out a lot.

It was then my turn. I drew a truth card which asked, "Have you ever had oral sex with someone from the same sex? If not, would you like to try it?" Everybody was staring at me. I said, "No." I then paused and as Ashley stared at me intently for my second answer which she already knew. I then sheepishly said, "Maybe." 

This brought more whistles from the guys and laughter from Ashley before Matt then pulled a dare card to quiet the bunch. His card read, "Each player is to remove one piece of clothing."

Well, now I was in trouble. I forgot that I wore a somewhat shear pink bra and panties. I didn't have a choice though as each person stood up to remove their tops, except for Todd who was now down to his boxers and Ashley who now only had on a bra and panties. I removed my top quickly and put my arms in front of me to conceal my nipples, but Ashley called me out and said I had to show. 

I slowly put my arms down to my side and turned red with embarrassment and was hoping my nipples didn't show too much. Everybody was very nice and said my boobs looked awesome which made me a little more comfortable, but I was still very self conscious and beet red. I couldn't believe I got myself into this!

Ashley had matching black bikini underwear and she looked fantastic as usual. She was always very tan and didn't have an ounce of fat in the wrong place. Todd's boxers seemed a little snug and we could see his thing poking a little at the fabric in front.

The next card drawn by Gina read the same thing. "Shit!" Everybody stood up again and I removed my skirt revealing my somewhat shear pink panties. I'm mostly shaved, but have a small "racing stripe" which was clearly visible. I quickly placed my hands in front of me to block the view.

Todd removed his boxers which got whistles from Gina and Ashley. His cock was pretty long and thick and it wasn't even hard! He wasn't embarrassed at all, and I guess he shouldn't have been!

I then looked over at Ashley. She had removed her bra and looked amazing.

Gina was down to her bra and panties. She had worn a conservative pair that hid her well and she was gorgeous. I didn't know Gina, but I have to admit I was a bit taken by her beauty. I've never been with a girl before, but if I had to, she was certainly very attractive.

Matt was down to his boxer briefs which clear showed a bulge in front, and Dave took off his shoes and socks.

After lots of commenting we finally settled down and returned to the game. Dave pulled the next card which said, "Choose a player of the opposite sex and remove a piece of their clothing and then kiss them passionately for 30 seconds."

"Kissing!" I thought to myself. "I thought this was just about stripping!" Dave looked at the three of us and said that since Ashley was down to her panties, he wouldn't choose her. He then looked at me and said, "OK Mindy. Let's do it."

"Fuck!" I thought. Dave was good looking, but I didn't want to lose my clothing. We got up in the middle of the group and Dave reached behind me to remove my bra. He had a little trouble, but finally got it and my bra fell to the floor exposing my size B tits. I blushed again, but then Dave leaned forward and starting kissing me.....really well I might add. I placed a hand on his chest while he placed a hand on the side of my face and back. We kissed for what only seemed a few seconds before time was called by somebody. My heart was racing. Wow what a kisser Dave is! It was very hot all of the sudden! Remembering that I was now topless, I quickly covered up as much as I could and returned to my spot. 

It was Ashley's turn again. She drew a truth card which asked, "Have you ever brought someone of the opposite sex to orgasm through oral sex?" She replied "Yes, and it was hot!" We all made some sort of comment to have fun with it, but it was no surprise coming from Ashley!

Todd was next. His card was a dare. It read, "Ask a member of the opposite sex to remove a piece of your clothing. If you are naked, choose another player of the opposite sex and remove a piece of their clothing. If all members of the opposite sex are naked, choose a player of any sex and briefly kiss both of their nipples." Since Todd was already naked with that huge cock, he looked at Gina and noticed she had the most clothes on of us girls. She knew immediately and got up. Todd then removed her bra revealing a beautiful pair C-cup breasts with slightly hard pink nipples. Gina blushed and quickly sat down. Again I couldn't help but notice how beautiful she was and I tried not to stare.

It was my turn now and I drew a dare card. "Remove an article of clothing from a member of the opposite sex. If all members of the opposite sex are naked, touch each person's genitals for 30 seconds each." "Oh my God!" I thought. At least they weren't naked! I got Dave up and unzipped his jeans and pulled them down to his ankles. Looking up he almost poked me in the face with his semi hard thing poking through the opening in his boxers! I stumbled backward to get out of the way and everybody laughed hard for about two minutes.

At this point all of us girls were down to our panties, Todd was naked, and Matt and Dave were down to their boxers. After we settled down, Matt drew the next card which was a dare. The card read, "Ask a member of the opposite sex to remove a piece of your clothing. If you are naked, choose another player of the opposite sex and remove a piece of their clothing. If all members of the opposite sex are naked, choose a player of any sex and briefly kiss both of their nipples."

Matt looked at the three of us, and then motioned to Ashley. He got up in the middle of us and Ashley crawled over on her knees and looked up at Matt who waited expectantly. He still had noticeable a bulge in his boxer briefs which were inches from Ashley's face. She then reached for his waste and slid her fingers under the elastic and slowly slid them down as Matt swayed his hips sexily to the music playing in the background.

As Ashley pulled down on Matt's underwear, his cock finally sprung free and bounced a little brushing her hair as she went down to his ankles. She then looked up at it for a moment, and then slowly backed away. I thought she was going to take him in her mouth right there! I couldn't believe it! I must admit that Matt had a beautiful cock as well. It wasn't as big as Todd's, but definitely looked like it could please a woman.

Gina then drew a truth card. It said, "Have you ever had oral sex from someone of the same sex? If not, would you like to?" Gina thought for a few moments, and then said "no" very quietly. 

Ashley then blurted out, "But would you want to?" Gina then looked very embarrassed and said very softly so that it was hard to hear her, "Yes," and then buried her face in her hands.

The guys got a big kick out of that. Dave was up next. Only Ashley, me, Gina, and Dave had some clothes on at this point. The card said, "Remove an article of clothing from a member of the opposite sex. If all members of the opposite sex are naked, touch their genitals for 30 seconds." All three of us girls were wearing panties, so Dave looked at Gina and picked her. She stood up and Dave kneeled before her and slowly pulled her panties down to her ankles. Gina was shaved completely! She stepped out of her panties and quickly moved back to her spot in the circle.

Ashley pulled the next card which was the same as Dave's. Dave still had his shorts on, so he got up and Ashley crawled over to him. His cock head was still poking out a bit as Ashley pulled down his shorts to his ankles. She then looked up again like she did at Matt and patted it on top and said "good boy". We all laughed except for Dave. He looked lustful at Ashley as his cock bounced a little and clearly started to stiffen. She backed away and it was now Todd's turn.

Todd's dare was a little more serious and I thought things were going a little far now. His card said, "If you are not naked, ask a member of the opposite sex to remove a piece of your clothing. If you are naked, ask all clothed members of the opposite sex to kiss your genitals for 30 seconds each. If they are also naked, choose a player to kiss your genitals for 30 seconds." It then dawned on me. Ashley and I still had panties on, and Todd was naked!

Todd stood up and then asked Ashley and me to get busy. I was stunned as Ashley leaped forward and got on her knees before Todd's huge member. She leaned forward and kissed the top of his cock as it hung between his legs. She then lightly kissed up and down and reached up with her right hand and cupped his balls as she continued to kiss him lightly. Todd was definitely enjoying this. Ashley then moved downward and I could see from my angle that she flicked her tongue at the head of his cock. Todd moaned a little and Ashley seemed to get hungrier. She took the head of his cock in her mouth and sucked on it, running her tongue over and under the head. She was enjoying this! Todd's cock stiffened significantly and was now pointing straight out. Ashley then took about a third of Todd's cock in her mouth and slowly bobbed her head. Everybody was cheering Ashley, while Todd's eyes were closed as he enjoyed Ashley's "kiss".

I looked over at Gina and she looked mesmerized. She was just staring at what was happening, and then someone yelled time! Ashley reluctantly backed off and looked at me. Todd looked at me, and then as I looked around, everybody was looking at me! There was no getting out of this! I slowly crawled over in front of Todd as Ashley backed away and his cock was inches from my face. As he looked down at me almost begging with his eyes, I reached for the base of his cock and then leaned forward to take it in my mouth.

I have to admit I was getting horny with Todd's beautiful huge cock staring at me. I initially rolled my tongue over his cock head as Ashley had done. Todd moaned and pushed forward a little. This seemed to be a signal to suck him, so I opened my mouth as wide as I could and took about half of him in. I then slowly sucked him in and out as I bobbed my head, taking a little more of him in as I got used to his size.

My hand slowly stroked the base of his cock while I continued to suck. Todd matched my bobbing head with thrusts of his own and we developed a rhythm. I forgot about the time and then someone yelled to stop. I pulled my head back and looked up again at Todd who seemed so disappointed that we had to stop, but was also grateful at the same time. He kissed me on the lips as I got up, and then we returned to our positions.

I couldn't believe I did that! Especially in front of people! It was my turn now. The card was another dare! What happened to all the truth cards! It said, "If you are not naked, remove a piece of your clothing. Or, perform oral sex on another naked player for 2 minutes." I still had my panties and didn't really want to take them off. I looked around the room and saw Todd who I just sucked. I didn't want to suck him anymore because he might lose control. Matt and Dave were sitting there looking hopeful. Ashley had a big grin on her face, and Gina was looking away. As I looked more closely at Gina I noticed her nipples were rock hard, and her hand was between her legs.

Ashley then blurted it out. "Choose Gina. Come on Mindy. You've told me you would like to try it also. Oh, come on!" she pleaded. Gina then looked up embarrassed, but I could tell she was secretly interested. I hadn't been with a girl before either, but as Ashley said, I did have a curiosity.

I said "Gina, do you want to try it? I would like to try it at least once." Gina looked around, and then softly said "Yes" with a look of embarrassment.

She crawled to the center of the circle and got on her back and parted her legs a little. I moved in between them and noticed I was shaking.

I then leaned forward and pushed her legs up more and she placed her feet on my back. I had never been this close to a woman before. She actually smelled great and I wasn't sure if it was perfume or just her smell. I also noticed she was already sopping wet! 

I leaned forward and stuck out my tongue and lightly licked her labia up and down. As I licked up and down and then from side to side, her lips opened more and exposed her clit. I flicked it with my tongue and she almost bounced from the floor. She loved it, and so did I. I continued to lick her, focusing more on her clit. She was bucking her hips a little and I noticed how good she tasted as I buried my tongue into her.

After what seemed like only a minute or so, Gina was moaning a lot and squeezing her knees against my head. Just then someone yelled time. Gina yelled, "No! Keep going! Please!"

I was enjoying it so much, so I continued licking her and reached one of my hands up to her breasts. "Oooh! She cooed, and her orgasm hit as I felt a flood from her soak my tongue and face as she tensed up. Gina was shrieking uncontrollably at the sensation as I continued licking her carefully through her orgasm, trying not to over stimulate her.

After she calmed down and slowed her breathing, I got up and backed away to my spot. And, as I wiped my face on a towel that was nearby I then realized that four people just watched me eat Gina! I couldn't believe I did that! But, I sure loved it, and so did Gina.

After we settled down, Matt drew a card. His card read, "Remove an article of clothing from a member of the opposite sex. If all members of the opposite sex are naked, touch their genitals for 30 seconds." Matt looked up and saw that only Ashley and I had panties left. Everybody else was naked. Thank God he motioned for Ashley, and she stood up in the center of the circle. Matt crawled over and slowly pulled down her panties. Ashley stepped out of them and revealed that she was very neatly trimmed as well with soft-looking blonde pubic hair. She did a little dance to everyone's delight, and then sat back down.
