 It was three days after Mindy's massage. She had become aware of something inside her she had never experienced before. Lust. Below her serenely beautiful surface, she was simmering with sexual desire. And she had come to realize, it wasn't really directed at any one guy, it was just directed at any guy that could turn her on. She had never felt this before. She knew what it was like to want the man in her life, or see a hot guy on the street and feel a twinge, or develop a huge desire as she had with the massage guy, Andy. But to just feel generally like she wanted sex was a new and unfamiliar urge for her. 

She had given it a lot of thought, but she wasn't quite sure what to do about the considerable tingling, achy feelings in her lower areas. She knew what would fix it, but she was having a hard time with what that might cause her to be described as. She thought about another visit with Andy, but she had come to the conclusion that he was a conceited and shallow guy. She was quite impressed with his sexual prowess, but had found talking to him, that there was really not a lot else to him. She knew that she could return there at any time she wished, and get what he had to offer, but found herself wanting something different, more intimate, more wildly sexual, more overpowering. She didn't know exactly what that was, though. 

It had been almost three years since she had been out on the town just with a girlfriend so she called up her closest friend Brenda, who had always been the wild one in her group of friends and they decided to go to a club. Brenda picked Mindy up at eight and they were off to a local hotspot dance club that was known to be a wild and anything goes meat market. Mindy was dressed in a very short white mini with a low cut top that had no back. It was only two ties across the back, with another tie around her silky neck and some shimmering satin material covering her breasts and hanging loosely to a few inches above her navel. Her miniskirt was low on her hips and barely covering her butt and just below her crotch in front. She had on high heeled sandals that were only one strap across her tiny, feminine toes, and another around her smooth, sensuous ankle. She was showing a lot of skin, a lot more than usual for her, and even Brenda, who was dressed equally as provocatively, was surprised and amazed. "Well, Min, you certainly look like you're on the prowl, tonight. Planning on a little fun, huh?" 

Mindy just blushed and said nothing. She had hoped that she might catch some handsome guy's eye. What she didn't realize was that with her looks and sexiness, she was going to drive every guy in the club, totally crazy. 

Three hours later, both Brenda and Mindy were warm and flushed from activity as they careened over the dance floor to the throbbing beat. They were the center of attention from all the single men, and some of the attached men in the club. Mindy was dancing with a tall slender tennis type and she was grinding her tight, muscled bottom into his crotch where she could feel the tension of his fully erect penis throbbing to escape his pants. She giggled to herself as she wondered if he would eventually cum inside his pants. She continued to rub her firm ass against him, feeling him respond to her grinding on him. She could tell that he was in a mixture of agony and ecstasy as she worked on him. As the song ended and she turned to face him, she could see the throbbing hard-on in his pants. She smiled, first at it, then up at him as they walked to the table she was sharing with Brenda. They both giggled together as they watched the guys they had been dancing with walk away, both obviously having to be careful of the front of their pants. 

Mindy and Brenda sat for a moment resting, sipping the fourth or fifth drink of the evening, as they were constantly supplied by their various male suitors. A couple of guys were giving them the eye from the bar. One was tall and muscular with a matinee idol look to him, the other shorter, thicker, also muscular and very good looking with dark hair and a tan, and a big smile full of teeth. Brenda leaned over to Mindy and said," I bet I can make those guys come over here." Brenda laughed as Mindy looked at her questioningly. Brenda first made sure the guys were looking, then reached up under her short skirt and quickly pulled down and off her G-string underwear, held them up and then put them in her purse. She laughed again at the expression on Mindy's face. "Go ahead," she told Mindy, "you'll love it!"

Mindy hesitated for a minute as she felt herself blushing, and then reached under her skirt to pull down her tiny G-string panties and off her cute feet. She put them in her purse, just as the two guys made their arrival at the table. They smiled like foxes in a henhouse as they both saw what she was doing. The darker one settled by Mindy and the taller, blonder one by Brenda, as they struck up a conversation. Mindy felt the guy's hand settle on her knee, as he leaned over, speaking in her ear. She couldn't really hear what he was saying, but just nodded and smiled as his fingers stroked inside her thigh just above her knee. She felt her pussy moisten as his touch warmed her. 

They all four headed for the dance floor, where the wild pulse of the music had them swirling and swinging to the beat, arms and legs moving rhythmically. The guy had Mindy pulled up against him, his leg tight against her mound between hers as they swayed. She could feel her dress bunching up and crawling up her thighs as they danced. Both his hands were on the full cheeks of her butt, clenching and feeling her tight muscles working under the thin fabric. Finally, she felt the hands slide onto bare flesh below her skirt, and then realized that her skirt was bunched at her waist, her bare skin visible to all who looked, they could see her whole butt, and some between her cheeks to her bare pussy too. At first she was horrified, and then realized she was even more excited by it. Her hair was swinging wildly as she danced in position on the guy's leg. She leaned back, her head back, staring wildly into the lighting above her, letting the music, the heat and the hard penis her leg was rubbing, turn her on completely. 

She felt one of his hands leave her ass long enough to untie the two strings at her back and the one at her neck. Suddenly, the tiny top she wore slid off and onto the dance floor, leaving her completely exposed from the waist up, her breasts swinging with the beat of the music. A fine sheen covered her body from the sweat of her activities. All that she had on was her skirt bunched around her waist and her tiny shoes. The guy leaned forward to nuzzle her bare breasts, licking and teasing the swollen, taut nipples. Mindy looked over to where Brenda was standing, she and her partner had stopped dancing to watch the display that Mindy was putting on. The whole crowd had stopped dancing, watching the beautiful naked girl wildly dance to the music. 

The guy she was dancing with was moving her as the music pounded, pulling her to him then letting her lean away. As he danced, he was shrugging out of his shirt. Once it was off, he would pull her up and let her full, hard nippled breasts press into his chest. Then as she would lean back, he would lean forward to suck her nipples into his mouth. His hand was working at the little skirt until he managed to get it unbuttoned and unzipped and he slid it down her gorgeous legs until she had to step out of it also. She was now completely nude, her entire gorgeous naked body shining hotly in the flashing, pulsating lights. The sheen off her tanned skin made her whole body glow in the flickering and pulsing lights. 

Brenda watched with shock and yet, enthusiasm at her naked friend. She couldn't believe that Mindy was behaving this way, yet she knew how she felt and she knew that from her own past, the next day might bring regrets but it would also bring a certain exhilaration at the sheer excitement of what had happened. She thought she would let it go until it appeared that Mindy was getting upset or uncomfortable. She hugged the guy she was with and watched.

The guy dancing with Mindy was still moving her back and forward, kissing her mouth when she was close to him and her breasts and what he could reach as she leaned away. He let her lean farther back each time, kissing and tonguing lower onto her perspiring stomach. Finally he was holding her hands in his as she laid back and he was tonguing in and out of her cute open navel. He licked sweat off her tan skin, feeling the smoothness of her body with his tongue. He finally got her so far back that he swiped the very top of her mound with his tongue. She shuddered visibly, and the crowd took up the cry, "Fuck her! Fuck her!" He started to let her to the floor, but one of the bouncers stopped him. He told the guy something, and he straightened up and guided the intoxicated and aroused girl to the private room at the back of the club. Almost all the crowd watching followed.

The room was just tables scattered over a carpeted floor, with the same music blaring and the lighting system on a tiny dance floor casting lights over the room. Her guy guided Mindy to a huge booth at the back, where the floor was raised several inches, and the table had been moved away from the corner seats. There upon the raised platform he started dancing with her again, letting the music, the intoxicating atmosphere and his closeness work their magic, keeping her highly aroused. There was a huge wet spot on his thigh where Mindy's wet pussy had been grinding against him. He motioned to his friend that was with Brenda to join him dancing with Mindy. Brenda's guy looked at her, smiling, until Brenda nodded okay. She thought that Mindy would object to him, but she didn't care if he wanted to try to join in. The tall guy stepped over to the couple dancing and shed his shirt, then stepped in behind Mindy and let her lean back into him, as he started dancing along with them. At first she started, but she looked up and saw him and then leaned back against him as he kept rhythm with them. 

As the three moved together, Mindy was supported between the two guys, who had obviously done this before, and they let their hands wander over her nude body, touching her in all her sensitive places. One would be fondling her full, taut breasts, while the other's hands roamed her lower body from her flanks and thighs to her taut butt cheeks and then to the inside of her sleek thighs to gently caress her hot, wet mound. Then the hands would change places, as each guy got all he could of her body. Mindy was leaning back against one guy, letting his tongue invade her mouth as they kissed, before going back forward to kiss the other guy with equal passion and excitement. She had never felt what she was feeling before, pure unbridled lust, total excitement, her body consumed with passion. Mindy reached to the guy in front of her and began trying to undo his belt. As she fumbled with the clasp, the two men looked at each other and nodded. 

Once again, the stirred up crowd of both men and women began to chant, "Fuck her! Fuck her!" The darker headed guy lowered Mindy to the carpeted floor, settling between her open thighs to begin kissing her hot, open pussy. His tongue was flicking over it and she writhed and twisted, moaning with pleasure. The other guy kicked out of his shoes, and then slid out of his pants, exposing a huge hard cock, two really big swollen balls, and a lower body of tan skin and toned muscles. He lowered himself to his knees at Mindy's head and offered his cock to her waiting mouth. Mindy began licking and kissing his hard rod, before engulfing it in her hot wet mouth, and beginning to slide up and down his hard shaft. His cock was big, so that she was straining to get her mouth around it and take it in. She tried gamely to do an adequate job of sucking him. Her whole body was quivering as the other man worked on her soaking wet and scalding hot pussy. 

Brenda wasn't sure what to do. She was very surprised that Mindy had not yet shown any signs of stopping the show. The crowd was excited and unruly, both men and women, and were anticipating seeing this hot girl get a dual fucking from the two hot men she was on the floor with. Several couples in the group were starting to play around themselves, as they warmed up. Brenda sighed, as she knew stopping it at this point could be a problem, and besides, Mindy was still into it. She decided to go along a little longer to see what happened. She was sure that if Mindy started to resist, the bouncers in the club, who were eagerly watching with the others, would do the right thing as they didn't want the club to get in any legal trouble over it. She watched as Mindy continued to suck the one big cock as the other guy ate her tiny sweet pussy. The guy that was licking her suddenly rose up and shed his pants and shoes, leaving himself naked as his two floor partners. 

The "Fuck her! Fuck her!" got louder and more intense as he settled back between Mindy's spread thighs, a cock as big and hard as the one she was sucking pointed straight at her hot little pussy mound. The huge bulbous head of his massive cock bumped into the soft wet little pussy lips of Mindy's mound, and he began to push into her, with the crowd cheering him on. Brenda thought about the issues of not using a condom, but Mindy seemed not to be concerned, and Brenda didn't have any and she knew Mindy didn't either, as they had discussed it on the way to the club. She sighed again, hoping her friend was aware and ok with what she was doing. She also was excited and horny by the display of passion and sex happening on the floor in front of her. She groaned inside, jealous of Mindy as the huge cocks slid in and out of her, one in her mouth and the other bottoming out in her sweet, wet pussy. The two guys were moaning and twitching in excitement as both experienced heavenly sensations of pleasure from this incredibly gorgeous, hot girl.

Mindy felt her body was on fire. She knew that she was way over the line as far as behavior went, but she was so turned on. Her whole body was quivering in lust almost as an extension of her hot, wet, clenching pussy, as it swallowed the huge cock sliding in and out of it. Mindy could glance down around the cock sliding in and out of her throat, to see the bare cock that split her pussy open then left it gaping and aching for more. Her hands were roaming, first caressing the balls under the dick in her face, and then moving down to fondle the set of balls at her crotch. They also wandered over the two hot bodies of the men sandwiching her as she lay on the carpet. She ached with lust as she got closer to cumming. She could look up to see Brenda's face in the crowd, showing a glow of excitement as well as concern. Mindy strained her tight body in lust, moving sensuously against the two male bodies thrusting into her. She felt the cock in her mouth begin to throb as the guy got very close to finishing in her hot sucking oral cavity. She could feel both pairs of hands caressing every reachable inch of her incredible body, gently stroking the soft smooth skin, fondling and squeezing her breasts, the muscles in her butt, her thighs, even her arms and legs all the way to her fingers and toes.

The guy in Mindy's mouth began to stroke into her, holding her head in his hands, groaning in lust as his cock got harder, throbbing and beginning to pulse. Mindy knew he was about to cum, and she opened her throat a little more to allow him to stroke a little deeper, his size was preventing him from getting all the way into her throat. She felt him throb one more time, a giant groan emitted from him and he threw his head back. The opening in the head of his cock began spurting forth great huge, long ropes of hot sticky cum into Mindy's hot mouth and open throat. She gulped and swallowed around the big shaft, letting the hot cum slide down her throat into her stomach, feeling ripples of orgasm begin in her own genitals, from the constant stroking her pussy was getting, along with the excitement of tasting the guy's cum in her mouth. As he finished and let his softening organ slide out of her sucking, sweet mouth, she turned her focus on the guy between her spread thighs. 

He was thrusting rapidly at this point, sliding all the way, balls deep into her, then all the way back to the point the head of his cock just left her open pussy, grazing the lips, before sliding all the way back in. The motion was so rapid it was hard to keep up with, and just as Mindy began to clench her thighs and strain to reach her orgasm, he began to groan loudly, grit his teeth and jerkily punched into her as hard as he could. There was no doubt as he held his cock buried in her, that he was emptying his full balls into her soft, wet, open vagina. Mindy was writhing in ecstasy, lost in the throes of orgasm, letting her body loose to enjoy the pure physical, sexual pleasure of the carnal act she was experiencing. She only barely noticed the many faces watching breathlessly as the sex act reached its peak and the participants all exploded in joy and then sank back into the afterglow, the gentle pleasures of it washing all through their bodies. 

Mindy lay exhausted on the carpet, a film of sweat covering her gorgeous, sleek body, her breasts heaving as she breathed, and her muscles twitching from the pure shock of so much excitement and ecstasy. She smiled up at Brenda, who was flushed from excitement and whose hands were clenched as she watched. Mindy rolled over to look at her two lovers. They were both resting on the carpet with her, their huge cocks hanging at about half hard, covered in juices and her spit and pussy juice. She smiled at them, seeing the satisfaction on their faces as they regained their breath and composure. She lay back and waved her long sexy legs in the air, near where her lovers rested. They responded by gently stroking her sleek skin from ankle to hip. She shivered as the nerves in her body responded to her suitors' touch. She was relieved by the orgasm, but not sated. 

She knew that she could go again and again this night, so she teased the two men and watched as their cocks slowly engorged with blood, becoming first erect then throbbing hard as she gently touched and caressed the two guys all over their bodies. She had risen to a kneeling position between the two, sitting back on her haunches while she let her fingers tease their thighs, their bellies, their genitals. The one that had been in her mouth before pulled her to him and they kissed, their tongues intertwining, lips mashed together in excitement. Mindy felt his hands roughly caressing her swollen and sensitive breasts, fingers squeezing and flicking the nipples, which were now studs of hard, erect sensitivity. She gasped as he hit nerves with her, and she felt her already soaked pussy gush some more juices as he worked over her body, his hands stirring her again. 

The other guy was also caressing her, touching her butt, thighs and legs with a slow, smooth touch that stirred her, too. He let her mouth go, and she moved back up slightly, looking around. The crowd had thinned some, slowly wandering off after the first round was over, but the ones that had stayed were stirring with excitement again. Brenda was still there, holding her little bit of clothes and her purse as she watched Mindy in this wild scene of out of control passion. 

The one guy that had cum in her mouth motioned Mindy to swing her leg over him and sit on his cock. That seemed like a good idea to her, so she did, letting her sleek form down slowly onto the hard spear that pointed straight up from his crotch and began to pierce her tiny, wet pussy mound. The cock slid slowly up into her, reaching ever farther into her tiny vagina, pushing the slick coated walls apart, and reaching the deepest parts of it, filling her completely with hard flesh. She shivered and moaned as she felt herself completely filled inside, she realized, even a little more than the first guy had done. She slowly began to squeeze and release with her muscles, and began to slowly work up and down on the hard penis in her. She could feel the excitement racing through her again, as she began pumping harder. 
