 Note: This is my first story. It's not exactly a story, but more of a, as the title says, a snippet. There's male bisexuality involved, so leave now if you're not into it. This is a, as people say, jerk-off story. Anyhoo, any sort of feedback is welcome. Enjoy!








God, I love her I thought as I licked up her magnificent juices. My head was spinning with the thick scent that filled the air; cock and cunt juices. She groaned her sweet, tender groan as I pushed my tongue deeper into her nethers, and caressed the insides of her thick, soft thighs. 

Her groan was soon followed by Gary's, I could only presume she was working magic with her tongue. Kissing her pussy one final time, I sat up on the bed and looked at them; she, Meera, my beautiful wife, sucking Gary's lovely cock. His hand was in her hair, and his face was turned towards the heavens in ecstasy.

Unable to resist I joined them, and took his manhood into my hands and rubbed it. It was so slick and wet. I instinctively looked up at him, and as our eyes locked glances I knew what he wanted to say... suck it. 

I opened my mouth wide and tried to take the entirety of his member in. A deep moan escaped my lips and I tasted the mix of his cock juices and Meera's saliva. I deem it impossible for my dick to have gotten as hard as it did then. As my mouth slowly engorged his cock I marvelled at how beautiful it was; thick, long, veined, and erected straight. As its tip touched the back of my throat a good inch of it still couldn't be reached. I closed my eyes, smiled with joy, and started fondling his balls and sucking his cock. Back and forth. Back and forth. Back and forth. It was like worshipping a Greek god. From the corner of my eye I glimpsed Meera's one hand on her tit, and the other between her legs. Her eyes were closed and her hips were rocking back and forth. Feeling slightly guilty, I took Gary's cock out of my mouth.

Sensing, I think, the absence of wet sounds, and moans and groans, she stopped pleasuring herself and looked at us. As she saw me holding his cock invitingly, she laughed, "Obviously, honey," and came closer. 

We started at the base. Her on the left side, me on the right. We planted small, loving kisses on His Grace, all the while looking at each other with love and gratitude. Everytime her lips left the surface, a thin trail of saliva could be seen, for which I loved her even more. Slowly and steadily, we made our way to the tip, whereupon we kissed each other passionately. Our tongues were locked in an intense battle. As they lashed here and there over the tip of Gary's cock, we felt his hips buckling. Me and Meera gently squeezed his balls, and come shot out into our eager and hungry mouths. We both took as much as we could, but a small amount - a substantial amount, really - fell out, onto her voluptuous tits. As we broke our kiss, I put a finger on her lips, signalling her to not swallow, while Gary emptied the remainder out on her gorgeous breasts. 

I swallowed my share, and licked up the come from her tits, and went to her face. My eyes excitingly asking her to open up. Our lips locked and our tongues exchanged Gary's heaven. I couldn't breathe, and my cock and heart felt as if they were about to explode with pure joy. Putting our arms around each other, and pulling our bodies close, we continued our passionate exchange. The taste of her mouth, combined with that of his semen were too much. We broke apart, and she lay down. Her tiny body inviting me.

I smiled and entered her. For a moment, we just savoured our reunion. A few ardorous kisses later, I started fucking her. Now slow and steady. Then fast and fervourous. As I came close to coming, she put her hand on my chest, "Hold on, honey," and I stopped and confusingly looked at her. Following her eyes, I saw Gary behind us, holding his again-hard cock. I laughed at his recovery time, and pulled out and moved to her side, and Gary lay down beside her. While they were exchanging kisses, I kissed her shoulder and neck, and caressed her lovely tits and belly. 

Then, I felt Gary's legs touch mine, and I looked up. They'd stopped kissing, "I want you both to fuck me like you've never fucked anyone," was written plainly on her face. So, she raised her legs while me and Gary interlocked ours and positioned our throbbing cocks just 'neath her cunt. He had the loveliest cock I'd ever seen or felt. We put our arms on her belly, holding her, and looked at her questioningly. She nodded. Simultaneously, we entered her, and just laid stagnant for a few minutes; adapting to the intensity. Then, we slowly, gently started fucking, and kissing her. I'd never been so much in love with her.

Heavy pants, loud moans, wet sounds that can only be made by lovemaking, sweat, and cock and cunt juices filled the thick bedroom air. I kissed her. I kissed him. She kissed me. She kissed him. He kissed us. Our mouths never stopped working. As all three of us Frenched each other at the same time, our tongues interlocked, we came. All three of us, at the same. It had the passionate violence only sex can have. The come came trickling out, and reached my inner thighs. I gave Meera the longest, most intense kiss I could, hoping it would tell her how much I loved her and appreciated this. After doing the same with Gary, we all laid back, and got the wine.