 It was a warm day a few weeks later and Mindy had an outing planned. She had received an invitation from one of her clients to take a ride around the lake with him on his cabin cruiser. She knew that it would be a group of four men and her, customers of her client and that she was basically to be eye candy and some fun entertainment for them. She would help serve drinks and flirt and smile and laugh at their crude jokes but not much more as it was explained to her. She would be paid for her time, but she wasn't really planning on any real sex activities for the day. She wore a very tiny bikini with triangle tops that barely covered her full, heavy, but firm breasts and tiny bottoms that just covered her little mound and was only a G string in back, slipping up between the two luscious cheeks of her full firm butt. Over it she had on a little backless mini sundress. She wore slip on sandals on her beautiful feet. 

She drove to the lakeshore and met her client Jim right where he had directed her. She was a little earlier than the others and it gave him time to not only show her around the fabulous boat and where all the drinks and ice and snacks were but to also back her up against a bulkhead and make out with her, his lips sliding against hers and his tongue slipping into and out of her welcoming mouth. Jim was in his fifties, very well kept, muscular and virile, and Mindy had enjoyed the couple times he had been with her. He had left her happily exhausted and pleasantly sore from his forceful lovemaking and bigger than average cock. 

She smiled happily at him as he whispered to her that he would be seeing her again alone really soon. She could hardly wait, as not only was he good for her sexually, he was also a big tipper. As they kissed again, she reached down to feel his hardening cock through his deck shorts. They were linen and not that thick so she could get a good feel of him, as he grew and throbbed in her hand. His hands wandered up to slip inside her dress to caress her full breasts over the triangle tops of her bikini. He smiled at her and then someone called out to the boat from the dock. 

They stepped out into the sun on the boat deck to greet two other men, also in tee shirts, deck shorts and slip on shoes, as they stepped on board. They introduced themselves as Al and Greg. Al was the older one, probably in his early sixties and Greg was in his late thirties or early forties. Both were slender and tall, not as muscular as Jim but in good shape and smiling at the incredibly sexy girl as she stood letting them admire her. They were waiting on the last man, who finally arrived just a few minutes later. 

He was also in his forties, tall, very well built and strong looking and he was black. His name was Milt and Mindy was a little taken aback because he was black. She had never been with a black guy, and had not expected to encounter one who would know what she did and would maybe want to see her privately. She wondered if it would be different if she did meet him and if the widespread myth about their manhood was really true or not. She smiled at him and he smiled back, reaching out to shake her small, feminine hand with a large strong hand that swallowed hers. Once he was on board they cast off and set out across the huge lake.

A few hours later they were baking in the hot Texas sun, and the men were working on beers as Mindy brought them out. They were all down to their swim trunks and she had long ago given up the sundress to walk around in only the tiny tops and g string bottoms of her bikini. They were all giving her very admiring looks and making pointed but complimentary comments about her body and how much fun she must be. They had made it a point to ask Jim in front of her what it was like to be with her, to feel her body, to have her mouth on him or to be inside her pussy. Mindy had blushed each time, and she realized that the alcohol was giving them courage that they might not normally have. Jim was caught between keeping the others at bay and defending her and not offending his customers.

As Mindy handed Greg a beer, he took the liberty of sliding one hand up the long, tan, sleek inside of her thigh. Mindy knew not to offend him so she stood her ground and let him touch her, all the way from her knee to where her long leg met her crotch. He let his hand linger against the cloth covered mound for just a couple seconds before letting it drop away. He smiled at her and she smiled back, although she was just a little aggravated. She also felt the almost instantaneous warmth of excitement rush through her body to warm her pussy. She was surprised that she had gotten turned on by the show of bravado by the man, but as she saw the lustful looks and grins on the faces of the men, she got an almost irresistible urge to tease them a little. 

She stepped over to Al, and put a soft hand on his hot bare shoulder, already reddening from the sun burning him. She slid her hand over his skin and let her hip drift up against his arm, her skin touching his as she heard him catch his breath. Jim was smiling at her and had an almost pleading look in his eyes to show the guys a little fun while they were out on the water. She nodded at Jim and then said, "Gee, guys, its really hot out here isn't it? I don't want to mess my all over tan up. Would you be ok if I just took my top off to get some sun? Would anybody get mad at me?" 

She noticed the black guy Milt almost had the look of a wolf or some wild animal on his face. She guessed he would love to get hold of this sweet little piece of white ass that he might not have ever had before. She slowly reached back to untie the string that held her top around her and as the guys' eyes bugged out of their heads, she lifted the top off of her breasts and let them admire their perfection. The two full orbs swung gently back and forth as she moved and stood up full and proud against her body as she stood in the blazing sun. The guys all made noises of approval as she walked around topless, still bringing beer and letting them get their eyes full. 

Once again, as she approached Greg, he was the brave one and he reached up to fondle the taut fullness, and caressed first one and then the other bare breast. Mindy just took it in stride, and let him have his fun, smiling and teasing him as he played. "Like those?" she asked and he nodded. He leaned forward and she leaned down to allow him to kiss the nipple on her right breast. He suckled at it like a baby. She held his head in her arms letting him have his fun. She felt her bikini bottoms getting really wet as she stood there watching the other three guys watching Greg with her. 

When he finally let go, she moved over to Al and offered him the other breast. He immediately began the same sucking and tonguing of it. She giggled and held his head as she looked at Jim. He nodded at her, and shrugged as she slid her hand down the front of Al's chest all the way to his trunks. He shivered even in the heat as she turned him on. Jim was smiling nervously, liking what she was doing to entertain his customers, and at the same time, wondering how far it might go and how far she would let it go. Mindy let her fingertips slide just under the waistband of Al's trunks. She could see his rod growing and starting to twitch under his swim trunks. She figured he had already gotten partly aroused when he was kissing her breasts. He appeared to be fully excited now and she could feel the fabric stretching against her fingers as his rod flexed. 

Al was sitting on the bench seat at the side of the deck and Mindy stepped between his spread knees and turned to face away from him, the soft, firm, rounded tan cheeks of her butt right in his face. Al leaned forward to kiss the smooth surfaces of each cheek before Mindy leaned down to put a hand on each of his knees then bent her knees to do a quick grind on Al's crotch with her tight little ass and pussy. Through the thin cloth of her tiny G string and his swim trunks she could feel his hard on against her. She felt the excitement in her body reach the next level. She stood and reached for Al's hand. 

"Al," she said, "you need to help me in the galley." With that, she led him to the lower cabin of the big cruiser, which was in fact the galley, and also had a double size bunk on the other wall. It was there that she pushed Al into a sitting position and she quickly stripped out of her G string. Totally naked and eager, she lowered herself to her knees between his legs and began tugging at the sides of the waistband of his trunks. Al raised his hips and let her pull his trunks down.

Mindy noticed out of the corner of her eye that she had an audience, as all three of the other men had followed them to the door of the galley. They were watching in amazement and lust as she bared the man's cock and balls and leaned forward. Al's cock was rock hard erect, sticking up from his crotch, above the hairiness of his balls. His cock was a little shorter than normal but nothing extreme and was also just a little above average in width. Mindy let the hardness slide into her open mouth, using her tongue to tickle the underside of it as it entered her mouth. She closed her lips around it and began to suck, sliding her head up and down as her mouth worked on him. Al threw his head back and groaned as she worked on him, using his hands to fondle all of her he could touch. 

Mindy slid off his cock, and licked lower to use her tongue to caress his swollen balls. She pulled one and then the other into her mouth as he lay back. She licked even lower between the sweaty cheeks of his lower ass to tickle him before starting back up to lick all the way to the tip of his throbbing rod. She engulfed his cock again, and worked on it some more, before she stood and kneeled astride him. She grabbed the shaft of his hardness and guided the tip to the slickened wet lips of her cunny. She let it slide up and down the slit, slightly between the lips as she began to lower her weight onto him. She felt it push into her, and then start slowly sliding into the canal of her vagina, filling her the way she craved most. She felt her weight settle onto his hips, and his cock bottom out in her pussy. 

She smiled down at Al, then began to work her hips up and down his shaft, sliding it in and out of her. He reached up to pull her down onto him, so he could use his tongue inside her mouth. She kissed him back as he began to gently thrust his hips up into her. He was straining against her body as he thrust into her. In a few minutes he indicated he wanted to change positions. She rolled off and took a position on her knees with her head down on the mattress as Al moved behind her to position his cock head at her slit and then pushed forcefully into her again. His cock slid all the way into her and he began fucking in and out of her as she leaned back into him, meeting his strokes as he made them, feeling all the tingles and sensations that, for her, went with sex. As hot as it was even though they were in the shade, both Al and Mindy were dripping sweat as he pounded into her. 

He was pounding with a force that Mindy hadn't expected from him. He went faster and faster before then pulling out of her and moving her to lie on her back on the bunk. He moved to settle between her legs and reentered her hot open pussy. He began to stroke again, pumping into her hot tunnel, the slick, gentle friction stirring feelings in both of them.

Al felt his whole body tense as he felt the swelling response of orgasm sweep through him. He buried his face into the crook of Mindy's sweet neck and thrust harder and faster, then began to tremble and shake as his throbbing penis began to spurt big loads of sticky, hot, white cum into her climaxing pussy. He felt like his whole lower body was exploding as he emptied his full balls into her heat and wetness. He continued pumping slower and slower as he felt his orgasm slowly recede and once again he could feel and hear things around him. He could hear cheers and clapping and for a moment wasn't sure where he was.

Mindy felt Al's cock start shooting into her and it pushed her over the edge, her orgasm washing over her as he continued pounding her hot open pussy. She felt her thighs trembling and her whole body quaking as she came. She held him tightly to her as they reached their peaks together. As she began to recover, she could hear cheers and clapping coming from the other three guys who had watched in excitement and lust. 

She suddenly realized what position she was now in. If she stopped now, the other three would be very frustrated and aggravated that Al was the lucky one, and she had not really planned on a gang bang this hot afternoon. But if she went on, it might be that none of these guys would consider her worthy of private, paid appointments and that Jim might decide she was a total slut and then never see her again either. Either way she knew that she could damage her reputation and her business with these guys. She looked over at the others as Al slowly slid back and tiredly sat up. 

They were looking at the scene like kids in a candy store for the first time. She sighed deeply, looked down her sweaty body and saw Al sitting on the edge of the bunk, his now shriveled cock all wet and glistening with her juices and his. She looked back at the guys, and said with a smile, "Who's next?"

Greg jumped forward immediately and Mindy had known it would be him. He was the youngest and the bravest of the group. She sat up and told him, "Give me a minute to clean up, ok?"

Greg nodded and she rose from the bed to slip into the tiny bathroom. It had a couple of hand towels and one bath towel. She quickly took a shower and rinsed both the sweat and other fluids off her skin, and also used her fingers to try to clean juices out of her vagina. She dried off and stepped back out naked into the cabin. Al had put his trunks back on and was sitting on the opposite side of the cabin at the tiny table, sipping a cold beer. 

Greg was already on the bunk, his trunks off and his half hard cock sticking up from his crotch. It was longer than Al's but not quite as thick. Mindy stepped over to him and kneeled on the bunk at his hips. He smiled up as he let his hand slide up her flank to fondle her full, pert breast. Her nipple was hard and getting harder as she leaned over him and let it drop into his mouth. She leaned down to kiss him and let their tongues intertwine for a moment before beginning to kiss slowly down his chest, stopping to lick and suck both nipples then tonguing his navel before she reached his now fully hard and throbbing cock. It stuck straight up and was getting redder and more threatening looking as she kissed all around the base and down onto his balls. 

She took them into her mouth and used her tongue to jostle them gently as he reacted by twitching and moaning softly. His hands held her head as she slowly worked his balls. She then let them slip out of her mouth as she slowly ran her tongue up from the base of his penis all the way to the red, swollen head. She took his shaft into her open oral cavity and let her head settle back down onto it, letting it reach the back of her throat before she began to slide her now closed lips and tongue all over it as she moved her head up and down. She sucked his dick as her hand slid over him and fondled his balls, his thighs, his stomach and even reached lower to use her fingernails on the cheeks of his ass between his open legs. 

He endured the exquisite torture for several moments as she slid smoothly up and down, her mouth working on him. He grunted and trembled as he tried to keep from cumming just from her oral skills. Finally he could take no more and held her head up off of him and looked at her in a way that let Mindy know that it was time to swing her leg over him and start the main event. Her tight little pussy was wet again from the excitement of the hot cabin, the horny man under her, and the other men watching as she gave this man incredibly hot sex. 

She settled onto his rod, and let it slip between her wet lips and felt it reach deep into her, filling her vaginal cavity deeply with hardness and heat. She settled onto him as she had with Al, and then began to slide up and down, riding him like posting on a trotting horse. His cock throbbed and she could feel him inside her as she let him move in and out. She kept it up for a few minutes before Greg moved her to her side and straddled her lower thigh as he was above her, entering her pussy sideways to work her from a different angle. He could reach with one hand and fondle her full breasts and the other stroke her beautiful, taut ass and thighs. He began to stroke harder and faster, and moved his hips to change angles to make it feel different and better to both him and Mindy. 

She admired his skills as she moved her body against him and allowed his efforts to raise her level of excitement again. After a while, he backed out of her and motioned her up onto her knees as she had with Al and slid into her from behind, dog fucking her as she let her head rest on the bunk, softly gasping and making small noises of excitement. Mindy leaned back into his thrusts in a rhythm as old as time, and together, they reached higher toward the excitement they were striving for. Finally, Greg backed out again and put Mindy on her back with him between her wide open thighs, his cock thrusting into her just as Al had, except he stayed up on his hands, watching her face as she began to twitch and moan louder, locking her beautiful legs around his hips as she lifted up against him.

Greg felt his whole body respond to her excitement and at the moment that she started cumming again, he came with her. His throbbing penis began shooting large, long ropes of cum into her quaking pussy, filling her with even more fluids from both his body and hers. He began to slack off with his thrusts, and finally sagged over onto the bed, letting his slowly shriveling penis slip out of her, as she fell back, lost in the afterglow of her orgasm. 

She was tired and also starting to get a little sore but she knew she had two more to go. Mindy got up and went back into the shower, this time staying a little longer, letting the warm water wash over her, wondering who would be next, and if it would be the black guy, or Jim. She had never been with a black guy before, so she was feeling a little apprehensive about it. There wasn't very much she could do, as she really couldn't say no to him. She stepped out of the shower and began drying herself off, then as she got dried off, she rinsed her mouth out and used mouthwash. She hung the towels up to dry and once again stepped out into the room.

Greg had joined Al at the table, both looking very satisfied, and as she looked around, Jim was still at the entrance of the cabin, still fully dressed. Her gaze drifted to the bunk and there was Milt, completely naked, and his penis, which was huge, the largest by far that Mindy had ever seen, was throbbing, erect and sticking up into the air from his crotch, which also sported a huge set of balls covered in kinky black hair. Mindy was pretty sure her mouth dropped open from her amazement. She had no idea that penises could even get that big. It appeared to her to be gigantic, at least ten inches long, and the part that scared her was the size it was around. It was as big as her forearm was just above her wrist. 

She wondered what it would be like to feel that thing inside her; it would be like being ripped apart. She nervously moved over to the bunk again. Milt was smiling at her.

"Ever been with a black man before, Mindy?" he asked. She shook her head no. "Ever had a penis this size before?" Once again she shook her head no. He smiled and said, "You don't have to do this now if you don't want, but I would like to have your company sometime so you can try it, if you want." 
