 "Hurry Leo! I want to show you my surprise!" Miranda yelled at me as I was hauling all of our groceries toward the apartment. She had another destination in mind after our grocery trip and she planned on going straight there but she forgot that milk spoils. For someone so smart she sure can be forgetful. After I put the groceries away I got back in the car with a waiting Miranda looking eager. She directed me at every turn and we finally got there. I looked up at the towering hotel before me. Not some cheap motel, I wondered why she went to somewhere so expensive. We've been to motels that were cheaper and still pretty good so why this place? 

She practically jumped out of the car as soon as I put it in park. I followed her as she giggled and had a slight spark in her eye. She walked up to the front desk and talked to the lady for a little bit before handing her ID to her. After a small wait it was handed back with a room key. 

"It's nice, the hotel," she said as we started to walk toward the elevator. "It has a pool, an arcade, oh and not to mention the nightclub that is at the top of the building." 

"So you won't tell me what this is for, even if I ask, will you?" I quizzed, already knowing the answer.

"Nope, you should know better silly," she responded as she took the lead. We got onto the elevator and the doors shut behind us. She turned to me and pushed me to the wall with her hand on my chest. She got real close and whispered to me, "Besides, what fun is a surprise if it's revealed? I promise you, though, it'll bring us both a lot of pleasure." As she said this her hand slowly crawled down until it was cupping my cock through my jeans. She massaged it slightly as she looked me in the eyes before she kissed me and let go just as the doors to the elevator opened. 

Thirteenth floor, her favorite number. The whole hotel is 37 floors high including the nightclub. It's the tallest building in the entire town. She lead me to the room and we opened the door to find a pretty impressive room. It was decorated with a modern style, much like the rest of the hotel. There were two queen sized beds, but one was already a little messy. 

"Hey, um, what's up with that?" I said concerned. Even in the motels the beds were always immaculate. "Should I call the house keepers?"

"No, no silly. That's part of the surprise," she responded nonchalantly. I looked around the bed and noticed there were suitcases along the wall. 

"Are these ours?"

"No, Leo relax I promise you'll find out everything soon." I sat on the clean bed and sighed. I figured she took care of everything she does know what she's doing. A couple minutes later our suitcases arrived to our room. I wondered how she got our suitcases around me without my notice but it didn't concern me. She can be sneaky. 

She ran to the bathroom and I turned on the t.v. Nothing good was on particularly but I did find a good music channel so I left it on. I saw the bathroom door open and Miranda walked out. She wore nothing but a bra, leaving the rest of her bronze skin exposed to me. The sight of her walking around like this wasn't uncommon but there was a new addition. She got a tattoo, a lily by the looks of it. It was placed on her left side, the flower was red and rested on the top of her thigh and the green vines wrapped around part of her thigh and extended to the top of her hip. 

"Do you like it?" she asked. She knows I go nuts for good looking tattoos. "I got it to represent my name, Miranda, which means admirable. I've always found lilies to look extremely beautiful. I see you like it too!" I couldn't take my eyes off of it. It was sexy as hell. I got up off the bed and walked straight up to her. I picked her up by her legs, which forced her to wrap them around me. I pinned her to the wall and forced my mouth to her's. Our tongues danced with each other for a bit while her hips grinded her pussy into my pants. I could feel even through the jeans she was wet. She finally parted our lips and pushed me away. 

"Not yet, big guy. We still have tons to do tonight and I still have to get ready. Speaking of which, I packed some nice shirts for you. Figure out which one you like the most and get ready. We have to be somewhere in an hour," she commanded as she walked back to the bathroom. "Oh, and by the way, you'll see more of that tattoo later tonight." She winked at me and with that closed the door to the bathroom. 

~

I checked the mirror one last time to make sure my hair looked good. I wore a red button up shirt and the same jeans. I switched to nicer pair of shoes though. I saw Miranda finally step out of the bathroom and she looked... Wow. She wore a black skin tight dress with lacing going down the front of the dress until just after her bellybutton piercing then curved to the left and down the rest of the way on her leg, which the dress ended about mid-thigh, perfectly framing her new tattoo. Her stilettos were black and had a bunch of small straps going across her feet in a stripe pattern. Her nails were painted a deep black to match the dress and heels. Her makeup was done up with winged black eyeshadow, which her grey eyes contrasted brilliantly against, and bright red lipstick to match the color of the tattoo. Her brunette hair fell in big curls around her shoulders and ended right about shoulder length.

"Trying to impress someone are we?" I asked teasingly. 

She pouted and replied, "Am I not impressing you right now?"

"Trust me I am extremely impressed. You still manage to find ways to tease me even after we've been fucking this long. I should be used to it by now." With this I pulled her close and stole a kiss. She pulled away after a few short seconds. 

"Nah uh, no playing until tonight. Trust me you'll need the stamina." We left the room and headed for the elevator. When we got in she pushed a button on the top floor and up we went. When we hit the 37th floor, the doors opened to a entire club on the roof covered by nothing but the night sky and glass walls surrounding the roof. Lasers were dancing off the floor and lights flew everywhere silhouetting the DJ on the stage on the opposite side of the roof. The music was loud and modern club music with a heavy bass. There were only a handful of people, maybe thirty to forty people who were dancing or sitting at the bar. Tables were placed on the outer edges of the club to give people a view of the city. Miranda took my hand and led me to the bouncer. He was guarding a velvet rope that went the length of the floor before the glass walls. Miranda and I had to show our ID's and I noticed she pulled her student ID as well which was weird. You see Miranda went to one of two universities in our town, Harem University. It was a school that taught people to be strippers, pornstars, or anything else to do with the business of sex and lust. We entered the club and immediately she started to lead me. 

"Ok so a little bit of an explanation now," she started to say as we walked. "We are here because I have a homework assignment from my Film Studies class. The school paid for the hotel room and such, which is why you saw a messy bed. The school didn't want to cough up the money for each student to get their own room so we have to share. However, this works in the assignments favor." 

"What is this assignment?" I ask curiously.

"I will explain after I introduce you to our roommates," she replied. We walked up to a table where two people sat. There was something familiar about this couple. I couldn't quite place it though. The man was wearing a similar attire to myself and had a much more muscular build than what I have. The lady was wearing a white blouse that hung off of her shoulder and white pencil skirt with silver studs dotted on both the articles. Her heels were also stilettos but the white fabric covered most of her foot save the small slit at the top and the open toe at the end. Her nails were painted white as well. She wore silver jewelry to match the clothes. She was not wearing much makeup, just some eyeshadow. Her blonde hair was worn in a twisted bun style and held with some silver pins.

"Leo, this is Melissa and Carmelo. Guys this is my friend, Leo," she introduced us. We all shook hands and Miranda asked, "Leo, do you remember these two?" 

I started running through everywhere I could think of, mainly work, and came up with nothing. After seeing the blank expression on my face Miranda sighed, "Don't you remember the first time we fucked? Do you remember the couple that joined us?" My memory clicked and suddenly I remembered them crystal clear.

"Oh yes that's right! I'm sorry my memory tends to be terrible," I apologized.

"It's ok, his is nothing to be proud of either," Melissa responded. "Lucky for both of you boys, that's not why we are into you." She winked at Miranda and they both giggled. 

"Anyways, I was going through my classes on the first day of school and when I got to film studies I recognized Melissa," Miranda explained. "Right away we hit it off and became friends. So, when the teacher assigned us to make our own film we had to choose a category. Melissa, being the overachiever she is, wanted gangbang. Unfortunately, that slut Silvia already stole that roll with about eight other guys in class. However, foursome was still available, so her and I hatched a scheme to get you guys here." I stared at both of them in disbelief, and judging by Carmelo's expression be was in the dark too. 

"So you want us to film all of us having sex?" I asked. "Simple as that?" 

"Yep," Melissa answered. "First though we need to get liquored up. It's more fun that way, plus it feels so much better." She went for the bar and came back with four shots.

~

After a couple hours in the club we returned to our room. Miranda and Melissa stumbled into the room with Carmelo and I following with the bottles of alcohol and plastic cups. Melissa went to her suitcase and pulled out a pretty nice camcorder. She stumbled to me and handed it over. "I want it to be fro- from your perspective," she stumbled over her words as well. "Miranda is the sexiest of us, so her lover should start it off. I turned it on and started to do a panoramic of the room. Miranda poured more drinks into our cups and we all sat on the beds and chairs. 

"I love our school," Miranda blurted randomly, but she seemed a little more sober than Melissa. 

"I'm thinking about joining myself," Carmelo said. I moved the camera to follow whoever was speaking. 

"So Melissa, last time we met I guessed your cup size," I told her. "May I see if I was right?" 

"OH, A GAME!" she shouted. "Of course, shoot."

"Uh let's see... B-cup?" 

"Incorrect my friend! I have C's!" She giggled. "I mean I should be offended..."

"Don't be offended. How about we play another game?" I asked.

"Ok, I like games!" she excitedly responded. 

"I noticed, hey Car, hand me that table," I set the table in front of us and an empty bottle resting on top of it. "I'm sure you guys are familiar with this game. I'll go first." I spun the bottle, focusing the camera on it, and it landed on Carmelo. "Ok, truth or dare?" 

"Truth please," Carmelo replied.

"Ok let's see... how many women have you slept with?" 

"Uh... just Melissa here... remember how nervous I was the first time you guys approached me?"

"Oh yeah, you tried to stay a gentleman. Sorry about that." I replied with a chuckle. Carmelo spun the bottle and it landed on Miranda. 

"Ok Miranda, truth or dare?" he asked nervously. 

"Oh baby, give me a dare," she replied as she leaned in real close to him. 

"Oh, um... Kiss leo?" He said. 

"Is that it?" She came to me and straddled me, pulling my lips to hers and full on making out, our tongues intertwining. She bit my lip as she pulled away. The camera just faced the floor. She went back to her seat and spun. This time it landed on me. "Truth or dare?" 

"Truth," I responded. "Gotta keep some variety."

"No fun, but fine, do you wanna fuck Melissa?" She asked with a devilish grin on her face. 

"Hell yes. Do you see those legs? Especially in those heels." I spun almost immediately and it landed on Melissa. "Speak of the devil. Truth or dare?"

"Dare," she blurted out. "Gotta keep variety."

"Ok, I've noticed you haven't been wearing a bra all night. Show us what's under that shirt." I said. I pointed the camera at her and she pulled her blouse down to reveal her tits. You could still see the tan line that her bikini hid under normal circumstances. Her nipples were fully erect. She squeezed them together and shook them a little to let them jiggle for the camera. She left her breasts out over her shirt as she spun. It landed on Miranda again. 

"Truth or dare honey?" she asked. 

"Oh please baby, dare," she eagerly replied.

"Come here honey." Melissa beckoned Miranda over to her and pulled her into a kiss. The girl's tongues visible to the camera, entering each other's mouths before Miranda kissed her way down Melissa's neck and started to suck and lick her tits and nipples. Miranda got up after a couple minutes and walked back to her chair after whispering something to Melissa. 

"Hey, Leo, I have something I wanna show the camera," she said. I went over to her and she pointed down as she opened her legs. I saw white lacy thongs covering her pussy but they were completely drenched. I set the camera down on a nightstand and went back to Melissa. I peeled her thong off to reveal a glistening pink pussy. I went to work, licking the bare pussy broadly. I kept licking slowly making my tongue localized until I hit her clit. I could hear her moans coming from above me. I looked up to see one hand squeezing and playing with a tit, while I felt her other hand pulling on the top of my head. The moans got louder the closer I got to her sweet spot. 

Eventually I heard moans coming from beside us and I looked over to see Carmelo eating out Miranda, though instead of just sitting, Miranda was bent over the desk with her dress hiked up, as he licked her from behind. One hand was holding her black g-string to the side as he slurped her juices up. I must've gotten distracted because Melissa threw her legs on my shoulders, blocking my view, and crossed her legs behind my back. I looked up to see Melissa had let her hair down. Her blue eyes looked at me pleadingly and I continued to lick up the sweet juices. After a couple minutes I hear Melissa's moans turning to small squeals and screams just before she squirted. I slurped up as much of the juices as I could, and stood up, noticing her twitching. She stood up and almost fell but I caught her. 

"You ok?" I asked concerned.

"Yeah, I'm fine, it's just a little hard to stand with shaky knees and heels," She replied giggling. She planted a kiss on me and whispered, "Grab the camera. This part should be a P.O.V." 

I grabbed the camera as she walked over to Miranda and Carmelo. When I looked back over, She had stripped her shirt, so she wore her skirt and heels. She pulled Carmelo away and sat him on the end of the bed. Miranda walked toward me and kissed my cheek, then led me to sit on the bed as well. The both backed up from the bed and Melissa helped Miranda unzip her dress. As she teasingly started to remove it, Melissa fiddled with her phone until some music started to play. Miranda and her started to dance, with Miranda in nothing but her g-string and heels. They were grinding on each other and giggling, before they came to us. Miranda started to grind her pussy against my pants. I pointed the camera towards her hips as I leaned back a little and it showed her expertly moving her pelvis back and forth. 

I panned the view up to show her tight tummy and then her double d's slightly bouncing to the beat. When the camera hit her face, she smiled before sticking her tongue out. I moved the camera to the couple next to us and saw him sucking on Melissa's tits as she grinded herself against him as well. Her head was thrown back in ecstasy, as her hand pushed Carmelo's head against her breast. Miranda started to remove my shirt and I let her. She climbed down and the camera watched as she rested on her knees and beckoned me to stand. I stood and she unbuttoned my pants and pulled them down with my boxers, springing my cock right in front of her. I kicked off the items and she started to work on me. She licked my tip first before giving it a small kiss. 

She took a small portion into her lips, then moved her mouth all the way down my shaft slowly. Her red lips consumed as much of my cock as they could before she pulled her head back. She licked the side of my shaft then her tongue made her way to my balls. She licked and sucked on them and she played with her tits, squeezing and pinching her nipples, so she moaned as she licked me. I looked over and saw Melissa climb off of Carmelo and strip her skirt off. She crawled back onto the bed and stayed on her hands and knees as she turned me towards the bed. She took my cock fully in her mouth and Miranda moved in front of me to continue playing with my balls, sucking one at a time. Carmelo looked almost offended until he realized Melissa was wiggling her ass in front of him. 

He quickly stripped himself and I handed the camera to him as he lined himself up to enter her pussy. I heard a moan release from around my cock and she swallowed my cock every time Carmelo pounded into her. Miranda must've gotten jealous because she pulled my cock out of Melissa's mouth and put it between the two. They both started to lick each side, and when their mouths met they made out heavily. Eventually, Miranda laid down underneath Melissa. She started to lick and suck Carmelo's balls as she pulled her g-string off and spread her legs. I wasted no time and started to pound away, her pussy was soaked making lubed for my cock. Her walls are always so tight, her tanned lips stuck to my cock as I pulled away. I heard moans come from underneath Melissa.  

"Oh, fuuuuckkk... Miranda that's myyy CLiiII-" I heard Melissa try to say before juices erupted from her pussy, spraying all over Carmelo's cock and Miranda's face. Her mouth opened in ecstasy and eyes rolled back. I pulled my cock from Miranda's pussy and slid it into her mouth. She closed her mouth around me before she realized what she was doing. When she finally came down from the high she realized and started to suck the juices from Miranda off of me, licking my balls just to get the extra that dripped on them. I pointed down and put my cock back inside Miranda, slowly sliding in as I pinched her clit, making it very prominent for Melissa. She got the hint and took it into her mouth. I heard her slurping on Miranda's juices, but it was quickly drowned out by Miranda's screams as she came multiple times, each time her pussy gripping my cock tightly. 

I pulled out of Miranda and signaled Carmelo to do the same. When he did Melissa immediately fell next to Miranda. Both of them laid there and panted. "M-more... please more.." I looked down to see Miranda pleading. I walked to the other side of the bed and told Carmelo to go to the other side. I pulled Melissa to the edge of the bed and started to pound into her as she laid on her back. She gasped with pleasure and glee and she begged. "God, yes... harder please... god like that yes... Fuuck..." she moaned. Her tits bounced along to the rhythm of my pounding . I looked up to see Carmelo driving his cock into Miranda furiously. Miranda turned Melissa's head towards her and started to heatedly make out with her, their moans escaped into each other's mouths. I saw Carmelo pull out of Miranda and spray his cum all over her, from her tummy all the way to her lips, and there was a good amount. Melissa almost pushed me out of her and scrambled to Miranda. She started to lick the strings of cum off Miranda's stomach. Miranda graciously took my cock in her mouth and licked Melissa's juices off me. I heard another soft moan as I saw Melissa's tongue linger over Miranda's nipples. The sight was extremely erotic, so much so I couldn't hold my cum anymore and started to blow into Miranda's mouth. Miranda exclaimed at first but realized what was happening and sucked every drop of cum out of me. 
