 Chapter 10: The story of the Ponderosa

The establishment in which Julie Jasper found herself ensnared was the brainchild of a bored doctor with a large and kinky sex drive. Michael Jalinsky had been a successful sexual psychiatrist in Dallas in the mid-1980s. He had gotten rich treating the sexual peccadilloes of the rich and famous in north Texas, but it had begun to leave him unsatisfied. He and his first wife, his beloved Sandy, had chased one sexual high after another, when Sandy came up with the outline for a way they could merge their voracious sexual appetites with Michael’s professional ambitions and make a ton of money in the process. 

The more they discussed it, the better they liked the idea, especially the part about snatching unsuspecting persons off the street and turning them into willing sex toys. As a psychiatrist, Michael knew all the tricks of mind control and mental programming. As a doctor, he was up on the latest drugs and their properties. All of that, plus his voluminous understanding of human sexuality, led him to believe he could create the perfect whorehouse.

It had taken them a year to find just the right place for a front operation. They wanted someplace fairly remote, but not inaccessible. It had to be located in an area where local law enforcement could be persuaded to look the other way, and it had to be located someplace with fairly liberal liquor laws.

It was Sandy who discovered the truck stop. She had been combing through trade papers when she saw an advertisement for an auction at a truck stop that had been closed in southern Oklahoma. As soon as they saw it, they knew the place was perfect, and they immediately swooped in and bought the place, everything in it, plus the adjacent property to the south. It had taken them another 18 months and over $1 million to refurbish the truck stop, grease the proper palms, and construct the building that would contain his whorehouse, put up fencing and a screen of cedars. Toward the end of the project, Michael decided to build a nightclub as an added way of feeding customers into his brothel. Finally, in the spring of 1989, he was open for business.

Needless to say, the Ponderosa was an immediate success. There weren’t any high-class brothels in this neck of the woods, and word soon spread that the Ponderosa was a class joint, with the best-looking hookers in the entire area, maybe even in the entire state. Michael had spent a lot of time in Nevada prior to opening, getting tips and ideas from that state’s legal brothels. He spared no expense where security was concerned, his fees were reasonable, he paid his hookers generously and he ran a clean establishment. Well, not clean in the sexual sense. No, Michael wanted his whorehouse to offer things you just couldn’t find elsewhere, like the housewife hookers, the gangbang girls that soon became one of the place’s most popular features. Although the facility was devoted to pleasure, as far as its operation went, the Ponderosa was all business.

It hadn’t taken the couple long to figure out that what they really needed out front was not a tavern, but a strip joint. Watching strippers do their work would arouse the male clientele and make them more susceptible to a come-on from a whore. It had taken about a year to get through the legal machinations, but finally, in the fall of 1990, the Ponderosa had begun offering strippers. Of course, strippers also made excellent whores, and many of Michael’s girls doubled as strippers. Some also doubled as waitresses and convenience store workers, all the better to maintain the public front. In fact, Phil wanted to make sure the legitimate business also thrived.

A few years later, Sandy, now dying of breast cancer, made one last suggestion that had proven to be a pot of gold. They had video monitors in every room, including the special rooms downstairs, she told Phil. So why not take those tapes and make full-length porn features out of them? A perusal of the back pages of sex magazines found them a video manufacturer and that led to a distributor. Now, every week, a box of raw footage left the Ponderosa in the back of a customer’s semi for the West Coast and was edited into video features. Sandy had died not long after that, in 1995, but Michael had reconciled himself to her loss.

By 1997, the Ponderosa was a well-oiled machine. Discreet ads in sex magazines and on the Internet directed potential customers to the site. Michael had plenty of contacts in the Metroplex, many in prominent, professional positions, and many came up from the area to sample the exotic wares at the Ponderosa. Word of mouth along the trucker’s pipeline spread the word, and, of course, the locals came in droves. One could come to the Ponderosa two ways: through the truck stop or through the club. First-timers were screened to prevent undercover cops from entering, but regulars could get in pretty easily. Customers entered from the back of the club or through the back of the diner and walked around to the front of the back building. 

Once inside, they would find themselves in a lobby, with an office to their right, a door leading to a dressing room to the left and a locked security door in front of them. A video monitor hung overhead in one corner that allowed customers to look over the available workers and make their selection. Once they had picked their partner and paid their fee, they were ushered into the dressing room, which contained lockers for customer’s clothes, plus a bathroom and communal shower room. No one except workers were allowed past the security door with clothes on, a rule Michael had imposed after one rowdy had tried to slash one of his girls with a knife.

That had been one of the few times a customer gotten out of hand at the Ponderosa. Michael took no crap where security was concerned. He hired the biggest, meanest-looking bouncers he could find, including a few steroid-crazed former OU football players, and he armed them with pistols and nightsticks. Their attempted slasher was taken down before he could hurt anyone and was beaten within an inch of his life, then sent to the county jail for a year at hard labor, without a trial. That and a few other examples were about all it took to keep customers in line.

Once a customer was undressed, they could check their valuables at the office, then get the room number with their partner and they would be buzzed to the back. Once there, they faced a main intersecting hallway, with two halls angling off the main hall leading to the rooms. The Ponderosa always had six women and three men available for use. Michael was aggressively bisexual, and he believed in equal opportunity prostitution. The men were mostly available for gay sex, but occasionally, they would get a female customer who wanted a stud for fucking, and sometimes, they would get a woman who wanted lesbian sex, and Michael offered that as well. The men’s rooms were to the left and the women’s rooms were to the right.

The sex rooms were small and sparsely furnished, just a bed and a bath, with a small shower stall. Downstairs was the gangbang room, where Julie had just spent the previous day, a staff dressing room, and another, very special, very private room. The hookers, 24 women and 12 men, worked a six-hour shift, six days a week, either 9 to 3 or 3 to 9, am or pm. They made $20 an hour, plus tips, and generous tipping was highly encouraged. The fees for the regular workers were $50 for 15 minutes, $100 for 30 minutes, $200 for an hour and $1,000 for the whole night, or rather, an entire six-hour shift. Blowjobs were half that, and everything was double for anal.

But those were just the regulars. The house specialty was the gangbangs involving amateurs, and those were what brought customers flocking. The Ponderosa only scheduled gangbangs on Friday and Saturday nights, and on those nights, the crowds downstairs packed the hallway. Participation in a gangbang was $300 flat, for as long as you could last, as many times as you could get it up. However, once a customer came during a gangbang, he had to start at the back of the line, and not many had the patience to wait that long again.

The Gangbang Girls were a mixed bag. Some were amateurs to whom that sort of thing had a strong appeal, but most were abductees like Julie, who were turned into willing sex maniacs thanks to Michael’s expertise. He kept eight gangbang girls on staff all the time, and he rotated them so they came once every two months. Sunday was a day of rest for much of the staff, as the diner and club were closed, although the brothel still operated with a skeleton crew. Michael usually hosted private parties on Sunday and would often use one or more of his girls as participants. 

Michael had built himself an apartment above the diner, and after Sandy had died, he had moved in there permanently. In all, the Ponderosa was the quintessential whorehouse for the 1990s, and Julie was about to find out a lot more about it. 

Chapter 11: Julie meets the girls Julie lay just as Janet had left her: on her stomach, with a pillow under her abdomen to prop up her butt. Her body had had eight hours of rest, but, of course, the first five had been spent with her as an unconscious sperm receiver after a parade of men had fucked her pussy and asshole. Even though three hours had passed since the last man had been in the room, cum still oozed slowly out of both holes, and her buttocks and the insides of her thighs still shone with wet cum.

Abruptly, the door opened, and Michael walked in accompanied by two very different ladies. One was a black woman with skin the color of rich chocolate milk. She stood well over six feet tall with a wide ass and huge, ponderous tits that jutted proudly from her regal chest. Even that wasn’t her most striking feature, but rather it was the fact that she was completely shaven, all over, including her head. She was dressed only in a pair of knee-high boots.

The other woman was a short, well-built blonde with a shortish, bouncy cut. She had fairly large tits herself, although nowhere near what the black woman had, and like the black women, the blonde also had a clean-shaven pussy. She was completely naked. Michael clapped his hands sharply and told Julie to, “Wake up. Time to get back to work. I promised these ladies they could have some time with you, and they’ve been chomping at the bit. This is Miss Victoria,” indicating the black woman, “and this is Miss Heather,” he said, gesturing toward the blonde. “They have some games they want to play with you, then we’re going to see how deep into depravity we can take you.”

Julie seemed to awaken immediately, and if she had any concerns about her whereabouts, she didn’t show it. She simply rolled over and got up off the bed as each woman took a hand. Victoria leaned Julie into her, with Julie’s hands on he shoulders, while Heather filled a large bowl with warm water and a washcloth. Victoria drew Julie’s face to her and kissed her lightly on the lips while Heather washed between Julie’s legs. “We’re gonna eat us some pussy, and we wanted it cleaned up a little bit,” Victoria purred in an accent that hinted of the islands. “Don’t worry, baby. You’ll get plenty more cum today to take its place.” When Heather was finished, Victoria lay Julie down, then told her, “to be a good girl and let Miss Heather lick your pussy.”

Julie groaned involuntarily as the now-familiar feeling rolled in her guts, and she felt her pussy juicing. Heather pulled Julie’s legs apart, then opened her pussy with her fingers and dove right in. She kissed the lips first, then ran her tongue vigorously through her furrow. “Oh God, eat me,” Julie said. “You make it feel so good.” Heather added her fingers and began finger-fucking Julie while licking circles around her clit. Then she stopped for a moment and brought her right breast to Julie’s pussy. Holding the end of her tit so that her long nipple stood out even further, she brought the tit flesh to Julie’s pussy and began to fuck her with her nipple. She fucked her for a few minutes, then brought the wet nipple to Julie’s clit and rubbed the sensitive bud. Then she resumed eating the redhead out with hard sucking and licking.

Julie could feel an orgasm building again. She was simply a conduit for the flow of sexual pleasure. She found herself needing the sexual build-up and the release that orgasm allowed more than food itself. Julie was writhing slowly on the bed as the tension built. Her head was thrown back and her mouth opened as she made little mewling sounds.

At that, Victoria got up on the bed, straddled Julie’s head and eased her crotch to Julie’s mouth. When Julie saw what was coming, she reached up with both hands and pulled the black girl’s hips down, so that her wet pussy was slobbering all over her face. Julie found Victoria’s thick pussy lips and prominent clit, and licked and sucked just as she’d been shown the previous day. The taste of pussy on her mouth seemed to trigger something for Julie, but she couldn’t quite get the release she needed. Victoria, meanwhile, rode Julie’s face hard as the redhead licked and sucked her meaty pussy, causing Victoria to cum sharply onto Julie’s gasping mouth. Julie wasn’t prepared for the flood of juice that greeted Victoria’s orgasm; she swallowed what she could and let the rest smear her lips and cheeks. 

Julie’s pussy was wet from Heather’s licking and the juice of her own arousal, and she was frustrated. She wanted to cum, needed to cum, but they hadn’t let her cum yet. Her face was wet from Victoria’s dripping pussy as the black girl got back off the bed and walked to the dresser. Opening the top drawer, she found an array of toys. After looking the collection over, she picked a few items out, closed the drawer, dropped the things onto the coffee table and walked back to the bed.

Turning Julie over so she was on her knees, Victoria got behind Julie and pressed her face to Julie’s upturned crotch, licking Julie’s pussy from behind. At the same time, Heather went around and lay back in front of Julie, spreading her legs and opening her pussy. Julie didn’t need to be told what to do, but simply put her face to Heather’s pussy and began to eat her out with relish.

Heather gripped the back of Julie’s head as she ground her groin on Julie’s mouth. “You like the taste of pussy, don’t you, Julie,” Heather said. Julie just nodded and continued eating Heather out, but that wasn’t good enough for the blonde. Grabbing a handful of Julie’s hair, she pulled her head away from her crotch, pulled her up to her lips and kissed her furiously, never losing her grip on Julie’s hair. “I said, you like it, don’t you. DON’T YOU, BITCH!” Heather said when she broke the kiss.” Mmmmm, yes, I do. I love the taste of your pussy on my lips,” Julie said in a strangely dreamy voice. “I do love pussy.” “Good,” Heather replied. “Then eat up.”

And she pushed Julie’s face back to her crotch and began to roll her hips around Julie’s face in a rhythmic pattern until with a screech, she came violently. Keeping Julie’s face buried in her crotch, Heather slashed her talented pussy over Julie’s lips while Victoria continued to lick Julie’s pussy and asshole, until finally her orgasm subsided. 

Julie whimpered slightly when Victoria pulled her face away from her pussy, and Heather crawled out from under Julie, leaving her alone on the bed, but only for a moment. Victoria returned to the bed, only now swinging in front of her was a massive strap-on dildo, a foot long and nearly 2 inches thick. She walked to Julie’s face and rubbed the rubber cock all over her face, before forcing it between Julie’s lips. Julie sucked on the thing like a cock, but she could not get more than half of it in her mouth. 

Heather had returned to Julie’s crotch and was finger-fucking the redhead in both of her wet holes. After getting the dildo good and slobbery, Victoria and Heather traded places, and Victoria eased the rubber cock between Julie’s pussy lips and pushed it all the way in. At first the pain of being filled so quickly made Julie scream, but the scream became a whimper as Victoria began to fuck her with slow, steady strokes. Her pussy slowly expanded to accommodate the intruder.

“Yeah, I knew you could do it,” said Victoria. “You better be able to take this or else Briscoe will split you in two.” Julie rotated her hips around the rubber cock as the sexual feelings welled up even stronger. Surely they would let her cum soon, was her only thought. She was becoming delirious with the need to cum. Heather found another strap-on cock and began making Julie suck it, like she had sucked the bigger one Victoria had on. This one was a little smaller, and after a few minutes of working it in her mouth, she finally sucked all of it in her throat. For several minutes, the trio of women worked. Julie bucked and moaned under the dual assault of the strap-ons, one in her mouth and one in her pussy.

As Victoria fucked Julie’s pussy with long, hard strokes, she pressed the first two fingers of her right hand to Julie’s asshole, and was pleasantly surprised to see it open up to her manipulations without much prompting. Victoria began to finger Julie’s ass in time with the dildo in her pussy and Heather’s fake dick in her mouth. Julie was oblivious to anything except the mounting heat in her loins. Victoria nodded to Heather and they each removed their dildo from Julie. Heather crawled underneath Julie until the dick between her legs was lined up with Julie’s cunt. Victoria guided Julie’s hips down onto the dildo until it was embedded deep in her pussy.

Julie started rocking with her hips as Heather fucked her with the rubber dick. Victoria pulled Julie’s butt cheeks apart, aimed the fat cock at Julie’s ass and slowly pushed it in. In spite of all the dicks that had been there the previous day, Julie had yet to feel one that big invade her ass, and she howled and cried in pain. But Victoria was relentless, taking it slowly but steadily, and soon Julie was keening in pleasure as the two cocks filled her to the marrow. Julie felt Victoria’s gargantuan tits jiggling on her back as she fucked Julie’s ass; she felt Heather’s large knockers rubbing across her own hard nipples.

The sensations were blowing Julie away. The small part of her mind that was proactive could not believe that three women could give each other such pleasure. Victoria and Heather were also getting close to cumming, despite their need to maintain control. The two women began fucking Julie wildly, and Julie fucked them back just as wildly. It was Victoria who finally said the magic words, whispering, “cum for us now, Julie. Let it all out, get all of that out of your system. You’re fixing to get fucked like you’ve never been fucked before and you need to empty yourself of any bad karma.” Julie felt the rush of her orgasm sweep over her as she listened to Victoria continue on in that vein. At the same time, Heather and Victoria both trembled as they pumped the fake cocks deep in Julie’s body. After a few minutes, Julie felt the waves of orgasm subside and she slumped forward on the bed, as the two women extracted themselves and staggered out of the room. 

Chapter 12: Julie takes a big one Julie didn’t have much time to rest, for the door had barely closed behind the women when it reopened. She rolled onto her back to see looming in the doorway one of the largest humans she’d ever seen. He was at least seven feet tall and bulky, yet muscular. He had been a good enough basketball player to earn a scholarship to Oklahoma State in the early 1990s, but his lack of quickness kept him on the bench for two years, and he finally quit school and found a job with Michael. Turns out his reputation had preceded him, for he had been legendary in Stillwater for the size of his dick, a dick that was swelling to mammoth proportions in front of Julie’s widening eyes. Instinctively, she recoiled in fear from his size and from the gut knowledge that he intended to fuck her with that thing between his legs.
