 Chapter 14: Julie enters the dungeon

Julie Jasper's mind was a vacuum, as she lay sprawled on the dirty carpet of the gangbang room at the Ponderosa, the brothel into which she was being inexorably drawn. Her mind may have been a blank, but her body was still on overdrive, and her body was craving more sex. It was as if her just-completed encounter with the dogs had broken a dam in her inner psyche, exposing a deep, dark hard core of lust that had always been there, but had never before been brought forward.

She didn't have long to wait, as the door opened and Michael reentered the room, accompanied by Victoria and another woman, whose attire would have brought a shocked reaction from Julie if she had been aware enough for it to register. "Come, my dear, you must be about your wits," Michael said, as Julie's body stirred from its restful position. "You think you have been degraded so far, but there is much more we have to show you. This is Miss Brandi," indicating the exotic woman to his left.

She was of average height, but her sleekness and her costume made her seem taller. She was dressed in an outfit that appeared to be made of latex that extended from her neck to her feet, which were encased in black boots with 6-inch heels. However, the suit had a hole at the chest for her large, round tits to jiggle openly and the entire crotch area was also missing, exposing Brandi's pubic area and her buttocks. She had a look that was equal parts Oriental and French, with large eyes and pouty lips, and her long mane of curly, dark-brown hair fell nearly to her waist. Unlike the other girls she had encountered, Brandi did not shave her pussy, but rather featured a full, but well-trimmed bush. 

Michael could not suppress a shudder as he looked into Julie's big brown eyes and saw in them an utterly soulless, yet vaguely eager, even hungry, look. He knew then that he had won, that Julie had capitulated to her inner lust, that she was his to do with as he pleased. "Miss Brandi is what we call our disciplinary specialist," Michael continued. "She's the one we turn to when we want to engage in, ah, some interesting acts. But first, you're probably thirsty, so Miss Victoria has brought you something to drink." It was a tall glass of iced tea, and Julie gulped it down. Of course, he didn't tell Julie that he had slipped a small dose of a hallucinogenic drug into the glass, the better to enhance her tactile responses, and to aid in the further blowing of Julie's mind.

When Julie had emptied the glass, Brandi stepped over to Julie, as Michael retreated out the door. "OK, cunt, you've had your fun, now it's time for me to have my fun," she fairly snarled at Julie. Then she took a collar and chain from Victoria, who appeared to be much more subservient than before, to the point where she had removed her boots and was completely naked. Brandi buckled the collar around Julie's neck, tightly but not so tight as to choke her. Then she put her face right up to Julie's, grabbed her chin and whispered, "You're going to love what's coming next." If Brandi's words made any impression on Julie, she didn't show it. She had become almost an automaton, doing without thinking anything she was told to do. 

But first, Brandi wanted something from Julie, so she stood up, spread her legs wide and pulled Julie's chain until the redhead's mouth was even with her pussy. Julie didn't even have to be told, she just stuck out her tongue and began to lick Brandi's open sex. She rolled her tongue over the thick pussy lips, then licked her way to Brandi's clit. Brandi rubbed her pussy all over Julie's mouth for two or three minutes, before pulling away. "OK, time to go," she said briskly.

Victoria produced a large blindfold and tied it tightly around Julie's head. Then Brandi walked slowly toward the door, pulling on the chain. Julie started to stand up and follow, but was stopped by a sharp slap on her butt. "Did I tell you to stand up?" Brandi said angrily as Victoria spanked her again. "I said, did I tell you to stand up?" "N-n-no," Julie said. "No what?" Brandi snarled. "No, ma'am." Julie answered timidly. "Gooood. Now, I want you to be a good girl and crawl behind me on the floor like a snake. We have a treat waiting for you outside." Julie did as she was told this time and wriggled on the floor behind Brandi's lead. Victoria followed right behind. Julie could feel the lust well up in her body at Brandi's prompting, and she sighed in satisfaction at the now-welcome emotions flooding her body.

When the trio left the room and entered the hall, Julie could sense the presence of people lining the hall. And there was something else, too. The dirty tile floor was dotted all over with semen from men who had been watching her performance earlier. Julie felt the gritty, slimy stuff covering her already-sweaty body with a slick sheen. She had progressed maybe 10 feet or so when she felt something wet and warm splash on her back, then another one and another one. The hall was lined with about a dozen men who were masturbating and shooting cum on the filthy woman who was crawling between them. Julie's body reveled in the sensations of sliding her naked body over the slick, cum-covered floor while being bombarded by flying cumshots.

Soon her body was covered from her neck to her feet with a mixture of cum and dirt from the floor, and with cum from the line of shooters. As she crawled down the hall, Victoria leaned over and whispered in Julie's ear, "I love walking on a cum-covered floor. I love the feeling of cum squishing between my toes. It makes me hot."

Finally, after turning a couple of corners, they entered a large room. Julie, of course, couldn't see the room. This was the dungeon, Michael's most exclusive playroom. Only his best customers got the privilege of playing in the dungeon. It had a low ceiling and was empty except for a small padded table, not unlike a doctor's examination table, only smaller and shorter. It sat about waist-high on an average-sized man, and was just long enough to support an average-sized person from their shoulders to their hips. This meant that whoever lay on the table had their legs and head dangling off the ends. The table was set amidst four metal poles that were secured in the floor and ceiling.

Julie was dragged/crawled to the table, then the two woman hoisted her up onto the table, with her pussy facing the door. Julie felt leather straps secure her ankles, then her legs were lifted as high and wide as they could go and still keep her butt on the table. Attached to the straps were large metal pins that could be inserted into holes that were set at various heights in the poles. The pins were slotted into the poles, leaving her legs secured high above the table. Similar straps were placed around her wrists, and her arms were pulled back and down, and also secured to the poles. Julie was spread-eagled, with her legs high and her head and arms hanging low. She was completely immobile, except for her torso on the table, which she could wiggle side-to-side some, and up and down a little.

Julie's slender frame was already writhing on the table from her mounting lust and the growing effects of the hallucinogen. Her mind was awhirl from the drugs she had been fed and the renewed need to orgasm. Small, incoherent sighs and moans escaped Julie's lips as she waited for whatever was to come. And it wasn't long in coming, as the door opened and a man walked in sporting a large, gleaming erection. He stepped up to the table and shoved his cock right up Julie's frothy cunt. Julie growled in approval at her unseen lover as he plowed her pussy with his cock. The man pounded away until he grunted and shot a huge load of cum deep in Julie's pussy.

Julie was in sweet agony as the lust in her body rose higher and higher. She couldn't see, but a line of men had formed, starting at her body and snaking out the door. The first man was quickly replaced, and this man fucked Julie long and hard before shooting his cum in her pussy. After four men had stepped up and deposited their cum in Julie's pussy, the fifth man pulled her butt up slightly and drove his cock into Julie's ass, which was well lubed from the cum from the first four men, and from her earlier activities. As the effects of the drug kicked in, Julie became delirious and giddy, spewing forth an unbroken string of obscene exhortations at whoever was fucking her at the time. "Oh, God, fuck me, fill my cunt to overflowing, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" was the general gist of her ramblings.

The line of men just kept coming. Some fucked her flooded pussy, some her equally drenched ass, others went around to the other side and skull-fucked Julie's face, and a few just jacked off and shot their cum on her body. Somewhere along the line, someone told her to "cum now," and her orgasm practically ripped her in half. Periodically, others would give her the necessary prompt to allow her to cum, to the point where she was practically orgasming constantly. That, combined with the drugs, had just about rendered Julie comatose, as the line of men abused her in every orifice of her body.

After over three hours of this, it was finally over. Julie had been fucked so much that cum fell in a steady drip from her crotch onto the floor and gushed slowly from her mouth, over her blindfolded eyes and off the spiky tips of her short red hair. There was so much cum pouring off Julie's body that two large pools of cum had formed on the floor under her butt and her head.

"Well, girl, ain't we a sight," Victoria said, as she reentered the room and saw the spectacle in front of her. She was wearing the latex pants, with the special inserts that Julie had been wearing earlier. Julie was then helped off the table, which was then removed, along with the poles then she was laid down amid the two pools of cum.

The soaked blindfold was removed and Julie abstractly took in her surroundings. The room was not brightly lit, but there was enough off-lighting to see. Julie was practically swimming in cum as she wallowed on the tile floor. Cum dripped off her nose and chin as she picked her head up off the floor to see. Her head was spinning as she spotted Victoria, who was armed with the big black dildo that she had first encountered the day before. Julie's eyes brightened when she saw the dildo and they brightened even more when Victoria slipped the head into her pussy and began to slowly fuck her with it. 

Chapter 15: Julie's gay romp Suddenly the door to the room opened and Brandi returned, accompanied by six naked men. The dominatrix gazed down at the sight of the tall redhead writhing on her back in a large pool of semen with the even taller Victoria slowly pumping the large dildo in Julie's pussy. "I'll bet you've never watched two men fuck each other, have you," Brandi said. Julie just cocked her eye at the comment. "You were told at the start that you would be exposed to practically every perversion there is. And you would probably consider men fucking each other to be a pretty big perversion. That's what we're going to show you now. But first, you be a good girl and suck these fine gentlemen up to speed."

Julie nearly came again as she felt her sexual feelings swell. The six men stepped up to the two women and encircled them. Victoria continued to fuck Julie with the dildo as they each grabbed a cock and began to suck. All six made the rounds with both women, each leaving with hard, glistening boners. When they were all good and hard, they separated into smaller groups, to where several tumbling mats were laid. Two men went off to the side and began to kiss each other and fondle each other's cocks. Three stepped off to another side and began running their hands over each other's bodies.

And the sixth man? Brandi led him off to yet another side, where a short stool had been placed between two of the poles, which had been reset off to the side. Hanging over the stool was a chain, with a hook at the end, which dangled from the ceiling. He was led onto the stool, then his hands were handcuffed in front, then lifted and the chain to the cuffs attached to the hook. When he had been secured, the stool was kicked out from under him, so he was dangling by the cuffs. Brandi then buckled straps to his ankles and secured them to the poles, which were set so his legs were spread as far apart as possible. The man groaned as he dangled in front of Brandi, who walked all the way around him, as if inspecting her handiwork. Suddenly a sharp crack rang out as she whacked his butt with a riding crop. She whacked him several times, and, incredibly, his cock swelled to enormous proportions. Satisfied, she turned back to Julie, who wore a quizzical expression as she watched the display.

Meanwhile, the gay sex orgy was starting to heat up. The two men who had paired off, a young white man and a light-skinned black man, were on the floor in a 69, with the black guy on top, sucking each other's cocks like there was no tomorrow. Off to the other side, the threesome had formed a triangle with each man sucking the cock in front of them. After awhile, they switched positions and sucked on the person that had been sucking them. Julie had never seen anything quite like it, and the sight made her pussy absolutely drool around the rubber cock the Victoria was still fucking her with. Victoria also occasionally would drop her head down and lick at Julie's clit, sending sharp spikes of pleasure through her body. Victoria removed the black dildo from Julie's pussy and shoved it up Julie's ass then bent down and began to eat Julie's cunt. Julie laughed crazily, a laugh that died into a long moan as she felt her orgasm swell up. Suddenly Victoria told Julie to, "cum now," and she did, sliding around in ecstasy on the cum-covered floor. Victoria pulled herself up and whispered something in Julie's ear, and that prompted a giddy giggle from the redhead.

Julie stood up and walked over to the two men who were still sucking each other's cocks oblivious to anything else going on in the room. Kneeling down, she began to softly stroke the butt of the black man on top, then ran two fingers between his cheeks, pressing on, but not penetrating, the opening to his asshole. The man pulled himself up off the cock he was sucking, and Julie pulled his face to hers and kissed him deeply. The man pulled his cock out of the white man's mouth and slapped his face with it. Julie, meanwhile, got behind the black man and put her face to his ass, stuck out her tongue and began to lick the tart, puckered flesh of the man's asshole. Bending back over, he resumed sucking the big white cock underneath him, while Julie licked his ass and the white man pulled the long mocha-colored cock back into his mouth.

Pulling herself up, she reached between her legs, gathered up a large dollop of cum from her cunt with two fingers and rubbed the creamy goo all over the man's asshole. Slowly, she inserted the two fingers in the black man's ass and began a rhythmic fucking action. After a few minutes of this, she pulled her fingers out and pulled the man's cock out of the mouth below, pulled it back between his legs and began to lick the head of the black man's dick. In this position, it was tough to get much of the cock in her mouth, so she concentrated on swirling her tongue around the head.

After a few minutes, she let the young white man resume sucking while she walked around to the other side. Julie knelt down and pressed her face to the crotch of the young white man, marveling at how the man on top was filling his face with the reddish-purple flesh. Taking the cock in hand, she pulled it out of the black man's mouth and it to her own, sucking the man deeply. She and the black man alternated slowly sucking the man, as he groaned in lust around the cock in his throat. When she wasn't sucking the man's cock, she was pulling open his butt cheeks and rimming his ass with her tongue, getting all wet for the fucking that was soon to come, then she began to finger his ass hard, until she had three fingers working furiously.

Finally, it was time. The black man got up and walked around between the white man's legs. He lay on his back shivering in lust and anticipation, with pleading eyes. Julie straddled the man's head and slowly lowered her dripping pussy onto his mouth. She rubbed the sloppy cunt all over his lips, nose and chin before depositing her pussy onto his mouth and telling him to eat her out good.

The black man picked up his partner's legs by the knees, then Julie grabbed his ankles and pulled them back until he was nearly bent in half, so his ass was off the floor. The black man aimed his cock at the wet, open asshole and pushed the head of his dick past the anal ring and into his ass. The man who was getting fucked gave a muffled groan into Julie's pussy and the trio settled into a mindless fuck.

Meanwhile, over on the other side, Victoria had taken the toy she'd been using on Julie and joined the trio of men who had been sucking each other in a daisy chain. Only now the two larger men, a swarthy man with a shaved head and a muscular blond with a bushy ponytail that extended to his shoulder blades, were standing and feeding their cocks to the third man, a smaller Latino man. He would suck one big 10-inch cock while stroking the other, equally long and fat cock, with his hand.

Victoria knelt in front of the smaller man and grabbed his dick, which was as hairless as her cunt. She stroked him for a few minutes, and was delighted to hear his muffled groan. Keeping hold of his dick, she crawled around to his backside, bent low and began licking and kissing the man's asshole. After he was good and wet, she added her fingers. She'd give his asshole a few licks then pump her fingers back in the rubbery hole. When she had him good and open, she placed the fat head of the dildo at his opening and pushed it all the way in. The man gave a long groan that was cut off when the swarthy man, at his right, stuffed his cock back in the mouth. The man had a hungry look in his eyes as Victoria fucked him with the fake cock. She pumped the cock in his ass, while steadily jacking him off. Suddenly, with a choking cry, his dick swelled up and he shot a tremendous load of cum a good five feet, spilling his semen on the floor.

When he had finally subsided, the blond man knew just what he wanted. Pulling his cock out of the young man's mouth, he pushed his head down until his face was at floor level. "You need to clean up your mess," he growled, and obediently the young man began to lick all of the cum from the floor. As soon as he swiped up a mouthful, the swarthy man knelt behind the Latino, aimed his dick at the gaping asshole that had been left empty when Victoria removed the dildo.

Soon the two men were in a steady fucking rhythm. When he had licked all of the dirty cum off the floor, the big blond man knelt down in front of the young Latino, pulled his head back up and rammed his cock back into the man's mouth. He gave a choking squeal as the blond man pushed his cock deep down the throat of the man in front of him. Thick drool dripped from his mouth as the big blond man fucked his face, while the other man fucked his ass.

Watching all of this was the sixth man, who hung suspended off to the opposite side of where Julie and her pair of lovers were in action. Opening up a chest that sat against the wall, Brandi produced a mask of sorts, which left openings for his eyes and nose, but where the mouth would be, there was a small rubber plug in the shape of a small cock. "Does baby need his pacifier?" she asked tauntingly as she placed the mask over the man's head. He was a 30-something white man of average size, but possessed of about a 9-inch dick, and that dick was standing at full attention as he watched the goings-on in front of him.
