 Chapter 22: Julie gets cleaned up

After all of the men had filed out of the diner following the Sunday afternoon gangbang, Janet turned back to the woman on the table. Janet's bald beaver was drooling juices down the inside of her legs. She had watched most of the orgy in Michael's TV room, fucking herself with a big dildo while he did some paperwork in his office. She had on her kimono robe as she walked back over to where Julie lay. She was some sight. She lay like a rag doll on the cum and sweat-covered table. She was practically covered in semen. Her face was one shiny mask of cum, she had cum all over her chest, her abdomen and all the way down her legs.

But what riveted Janet's attention was the gusher of cum that poured out of Julie gaping pussy and asshole. Just then she heard a noise from the back as Lisette entered the diner. She had thrown a white robe over her body, but otherwise, she was dressed as she had been previously. "Help me get her up and into the bathroom," Janet said. "We need to get her cleaned up a little bit." She said that with twinkle in her eye and flutter in her voice.

From far away, Julie heard two women's voices. Finally, she became aware of enough to make out words, "…get you cleaned up." It was Lisette. She opened her eyes wide, then exhaled deeply. "Wow," was her only comment, as she propped herself on an elbow and began to gather her wits. "I don't know what you've done with your life up to now, but you've missed your true calling," said the woman she recognized from the video as Janet. "You were born to fuck. That right there was one of the hottest exhibitions of unbridled sex I've ever seen. You were phenomenal. C'mon, we want to do something for you. Oh, by the way, I'm Janet, and I help Michael run this place."

They helped her off the table and onto her feet. "No, no, no, don't," said Lisette when Julie reached up to wipe her face. "Just leave it there for the moment." The request puzzled Julie, but she shrugged it off as they led her to the ladies bathroom in the back of the diner.

When they had shut the door, Lisette and Janet discarded their robes and each took the back of Julie's head in a hand. Lisette, on her right, leaned over and began to kiss Julie, slowly at first, then more insistently. Her tongue rolled all the way around the inside of Julie's mouth as if to clean out the cum.

What happened next stunned her. Janet leaned into her and began to carefully lick the accumulated cum off the left side of her face. Like a cat cleaning its whiskers, Janet licked cum off Julie's eyes, her cheek and her ear while Lisette kissed Julie almost frantically. Instinctively, Julie's hands went to the smooth crotches of the women on either side of her and she began to stroke their clits.

"I told you she's a natural," Janet said as she removed her tongue from Julie's face. Then Lisette moved over to clean the right side of her face, while Janet kissed Julie full on the lips. Sticking her tongue into Julie's mouth, she let loose the big glob of cum that she had kept there and spit it down her throat.

Julie stood in the middle of the bathroom shivering in renewed lust. Would she never get tired of sex, she wondered? Never mind that, the feeling of the two women licking the cum off her face, then transferring the cum to her mouth, was so wicked, so nasty that it got her juices going again, and she felt herself rising toward another climax, this time without any prompt.

When Lisette was finished, she offered Julie the cum just as Janet did, only she pulled her mouth away when she did, so she could dribble it into the redhead's mouth. As she was doing that, Janet squatted down and pulled Julie's still-dripping pussy to her mouth and began to lick the cum from her pussy. Lisette got on her knees behind Julie, pulled apart her ass cheeks and began to lick cum from her ass. That did it for Julie. Just when she had thought this scenario couldn't get any more depraved, they did this to her and it sent her soaring over the top. She shuddered and shook as she came again, nowhere near as hard as before, but very satisfying nonetheless.

When they had finished and had her reasonably clean, they both stood up, and Julie didn't hesitate. Janet propped a foot on a chair, to better open her legs, while Lisette turned around, spread her legs and leaned over against the toilet wall in front of Julie. Julie ignored her raw knees as she knelt in front of Janet first and put her face to the gleaming hole. She had never been this close to a woman's pussy until she had come here, and since she couldn't remember what had happened earlier, she wanted to savor things for a moment.

So she pressed her nose to Janet's pussy and inhaled the musky aroma. She rubbed her nose in Janet's pussy and it came away dripping. Then she took both hands and began to finger fuck her, slow and steady. When she had a good rhythm going, she turned and buried her face in Lisette's tangy twat. "Oooooh," Lisette said, more in surprise than alarm. Julie made sloppy noises with her mouth as licked and kissed the bald pussy.

"Achem," she heard from her right. Janet had her fingers working furiously on her clit, while Julie finger-fucked her, and now she wanted some of Julie's hot mouth. Julie pressed her face to Janet's pussy and began to lick her steadily, while cramming two fingers in Lisette's boiling cunt.

She did the two women just as she would suck two men; she'd lick on Janet some, while fingering Lisette – and fingering for both women quickly meant two fingers in a pussy and two in an asshole – then she'd switch. She did this a half-dozen times before Janet finally convulsed on Julie's tongue, which had been like a whirling dervish on her clit and in her pussy. As soon as Janet came back down, Julie pressed her face to Lisette and was rewarded with a flood of juice as Lisette thrashed her hips back and forth.

Finally, they were finished. Julie painfully got up off the floor and stretched her muscles a few seconds. Janet excused herself to head back to the Ponderosa. One of the two girls scheduled to work that night had a 102-degree temperature and couldn't come in, so Janet had to fill in. Lisette stood up also and beckoned Julie to follow her. "It's time for you to relax," she said, and Julie couldn't argue with that. Chapter 23: Julie gets an offer Despite her exhaustion and the screaming pain in her leg muscles, Julie walked up the stairs to Michael's apartment with Lisette with her head high and her shoulders thrown back. If the past several hours had shown her anything, it was that she was going to be very good at this sex business. After all, she thought, she had just taken on and fucked a room full of some 30 men, then still had enough left to please two women afterward. Julie knew she looked a sight as they reached the top of the stairs. Although Lisette and Janet had licked most of the cum out of her pussy and ass, she had been fucked so much, she still had cum oozing out of both holes, and her body still shone from the combination of sweat and cum that covered her from her shoulders to her knees. 

Lisette knocked on Michael's closed office door, which sat off to the right of the stairway entrance, then opened the door and showed Julie in. "Splendid work, my dear," Michael exclaimed as he walked from behind his desk. He walked over to her and ran the tip of his finger over her breasts, then scooped up a glob of cum that was still dripping off a nipple and brought it to his lips. In spite of herself, Julie felt a shiver of lust course up her spine.

The man she remembered as Tony, Michael's son, was also in the room, and she nodded in his direction. "Hope you don't have any hard feelings, ma'am," he said a touch apologetically. "We would never have hurt you."

"Oh, I know that now," Julie answered, while marveling at her total lack of modesty at standing here naked and cum-covered around these men, who were essentially strangers. "Still, how did you know I was what you were looking for?"

"Just a hunch," Tony said. "I don't think you've ever realized it, until now, but you just ooze sex appeal, and I just sensed it from the moment you stepped into the cab, plus from some of the things you said when you were in my wrecker." In the background, she heard a water faucet being turned on, followed by a heavy flow of water into a bathtub. 

"Anyway, enough chatter," Michael interrupted cheerily. "Julie, you have earned some rest and relaxation. Lisette is preparing a bath and I've brought in one of our cooks, who is preparing dinner. Take a bath, relax, take as long as you want. When you're finished, you can either dress in one of the robes hanging on the hook or you can just go naked. Personally, I like seeing you naked. You have a wonderful body, and you carry it very well. After you bathe, we'll eat, then we'll talk business. Now, run along, my dear."

Julie wondered what he meant by business, but the lure of a bath grabbed her attention, and she decided to just wait and see what happened. As soon as she hit the warm water, which was scented with lavender bath oil, her whole body seemed to relax completely. She luxuriated in the water before taking the soap and washing herself thoroughly. After finishing, she lay back in the water, closed her eyes and when she awoke, Michael was standing in the room gazing at her and the water had grown tepid. "You'll become a prune if you stay there too long," he said gently as he offered her a towel. "I thought I'd better check on you, you were in here so long. C'mon, dinner's ready."

Julie decided she wasn't quite ready yet for nudist dining, so she found a peach-colored satin robe that extended to her mid-thigh and was belted around the waist. She dried and brushed her hair – the benefits of short hair, she thought – then entered the Michael's large studio apartment. The room was long and somewhat narrow. Opposite the bathroom was a large dresser with a mirror and a bookcase. The large waterbed sat in the far opposite corner with a small bedside table next to it. Off to the left was a door that led to another small room that she would later learn was the TV room. In the center of the room sat a dining table, and it had been set as if it was one of the finest restaurants in Dallas. A crisp white tablecloth covered the table, and a large vase with three long-stemmed roses – her favorite flower – sat in the middle of the table. A bottle of fine white wine – also her favorite – chilled in an ice bucket, and the dinnerware was expensive-looking china and silver. The menu this night was grilled steaks, medium rare like she preferred, fresh asparagus with hollandaise sauce and pasta.

As she and Michael ate, he asked her about her life in some detail, and she spoke freely, warming to him. He may have had her abducted against her will; however, she found that underneath the rough surface she had seen earlier, Michael was a cultured, witty gentleman. He'd been born in England, the son of Polish émigrés, and had not emigrated to the U.S. until he went to college at Harvard. They drank one bottle of wine and broke into a second, and by the end of dinner they were laughing and telling jokes like they'd known each other for years. She thought maybe he was the kind of older mentor she had always needed in her life, but had rarely had. In spite of herself, she found herself falling in love with this man.

Lisette entered and removed the dishes while Michael went to his office. When the table had been cleared, Michael returned with a manila folder and sat back down opposite Julie. "The reason I brought you here is because I want you to work for me. Now, here's how the deal works," and he pulled out a legal-looking document. "This is an employment contract, similar to one all of my girls have. The terms of service are as follows: I will pay you $10,000 for each visit you make to the Ponderosa, including this weekend. Beginning the third weekend in June, you will return and will return the third weekend of every other month after that. The contract runs three years, after which time we can renegotiate your compensation, and the contract renews every two years after that. How does that sound?"

Julie's head was spinning. Sixty thousand dollars a year, just for coming back here once every other month and fucking anyone who comes along? "I think I can manage that," she whispered. "I've got to ask, however. What if I were to say no?" Michael looked over the top of his reading glasses at her, smiled, and said simply, "Well, I don't think your husband would appreciate receiving this package, would he?" He was indicating a large envelope that she figured contained photos of her in action the past weekend.

Julie sighed in resignation. "I figured that's what you'd say. So I really don't have much choice in this matter, do I?"

"No, my dear, you really don't," he answered gently. "You're one of the best things that's ever come to this place and I am not about to let you slip through my fingers. Besides, you're going to want to fuck everybody you encounter anyway, so you might as well enjoy it and get paid for it. You will find that I am very generous to my people. I take good care of them, and in return they do whatever I ask. And I will ask, rather than demand, most of the time."

Michael went on to explain how her deal would be set up. Her cover would be a job as a part-time sales consultant for a textbook and educational materials publishing company that required six weekend trips to "conventions and trade shows," every other month. She would be paid half of her salary by bank draft from M&S Enterprises at the first of every month. "That's so everything appears kosher," Michael explained. That money would be reported to the IRS as salaried income, and withholding taxes would be taken out. The other half of her salary would be paid in cash upon her departure after her weekend, and, of course, she took home as cash all of her tips, which could be considerable. As Michael said with a laugh, "I don't mind paying taxes; I just don't want to pay any more than I have to."

She was to arrive at noon Friday on her assigned weekend and be ready to work by 3 p.m. She would work continuously downstairs until 9 a.m. the following Sunday, doing whatever she was told to do. As had been the case this past weekend, it was anything goes, except for severe pain and violence of any sort. "As you could tell from the video, I allow a little light bondage and mild spanking," Michael said. "But if they cross the line that is set at my discretion, they're pulled out and sent on their way. And I tolerate no violence toward any of my people."

Julie just had one question that had been nagging at her all day. "You taped me this weekend. What happens to those tapes?" she asked. Michael had not wanted to get into that with her just yet, but he had to admire her; she didn't miss a trick. "That's where I make my real money," he said with a sly smile. "Those tapes are edited into pornographic movies and are sold overseas. The Japanese, especially, like seeing American women in gangbang movies." Michael anticipated her next question. "Do I also get paid for working in your movies?" Julie asked.

Ordinarily, he lied or fudged about this part of the operation to the girls at this stage of the interview process, but he could see that wasn't going to work with this woman. Again, he shook his head in admiration. She may have been naïve about some things in life, but he could tell that where business was concerned, this was one sharp cookie. "That's where the renegotiation comes in after three years," he said. "By then, we can tell if a girl is going to work out on a long-term basis, and if her videos are going to be consistent sellers. If you're as good as I think you're going to be, after three years, we write you a new contract and you get a percentage of the films in which you appear. Depending on how well they sell, it could be as much as a full 1 percent of the gross. Now that doesn't sound like much, and it isn't if you're talking about just one movie. But six visits here a year produces about 30 titles per girl, so if a title grosses, say, $4 million, which is about average, that's $40,000 a pop. Multiply that by 30 titles a year and it starts to add up. I'm telling you, Julie, you stick with me and I'll make you rich. Then you can dump that limp dick husband of yours and live whatever kind of life you choose." That sounded pretty good to her. She had already decided by then that her marriage to Glenn was all but over.

Julie then asked about the process by which they had selected her. He told her about the Shell station back down the interstate, and how the station attendant would take the measure of any single, female motorist who stopped there. If he thought they had potential, he would disable their vehicle, bringing them to a standstill, where here would quickly attract the attention of the sheriff's deputy, who was there to make sure the State Police didn't show up first. Then Tony would continue the winnowing process en route to the facility, and finally he, Michael, would check out the prospect and make the final determination whether or not to proceed. If at any point Tony or Michael felt that the woman wasn't going to work out, they would abort the deal and keep looking; and the woman would be sent on her way clueless as to how close she had come to having a life-altering experience.

"What happens if you get them in here, get going good and she just doesn't work out for some reason," Julie asked. "We have had a few crap out on us, you might say," Michael answered. "If they give any indication that they aren't up to the pace, like blacking out too early or just not fucking very well, then we turn them out. We return them more or less where we found them, although they're never the same. They wake up with two days lost that they can't account for, with evidence that they've had serious sex and with a sexual appetite that is increased ten-fold. It's kind of funny to see what happens when they try to return to their normal lives, although, we had a couple of women whose new sex drives broke up their marriage. And, sadly, we had one young lady who went crazy because she couldn't figure out what had happened. Last time I checked, she was still institutionalized. I guess you could say that's collateral damage."

She was a little alarmed over Michael's seeming indifference to the poor woman's fate. "That's a little cold, don't you think?" she asked. "She was weak-minded," Michael said. "This is not a business for the weak of heart or weak of mind. But Janet will go over all of that with you in the morning. She's a real pro. She helps me take care of the girls pretty well, you'll find."

Satisfied, Julie looked over the contract carefully. She realized that if push came to shove, it wasn't likely that the contract would hold up in court, since it resulted from a criminal enterprise, one she was willfully joining, she thought. Still, it was something on paper that would protect her in her dealings with Michael.

Chapter 24: Julie finds contentment After reading the contract over, she signed it, then handed it to Michael, and he signed it as well. Then he got up and extended his hand. "Congratulations, my dear, welcome to our family," he said. Julie shook his hand, then pulled him to her and embraced him hotly. What began as a congratulatory hug quickly became a passionate kiss, with their tongues battling each other. As if by magic, their robes fell off their bodies onto the floor as they kissed, and they pressed their naked flesh together.

Julie ran her hands down Michael's side as she kissed her way down his throat and over his chest. She paused to lick and nibble on each of his nipples, which stood out prominently from a muscular chest. She found his cock, a lean 9-incher, and began to stroke it lightly, running her index finger over the tip to spread the bubbling fluid around the head. Then she licked her way down his stomach and over his abdomen.
