 Chapter 25: Julie stays another day

Like the previous morning, Julie Jasper came to wakefulness on Monday after having had some intensely sexual dreams. The difference was these dreams had been pleasant and pleasurable; she had enjoyed what was going on in these dreams. She cracked an open eye at the clock on the bedside table: 5:32, it read, and the darkness in the room told her dawn was still a while off. The muffled noise from below, however, told her that the diner was humming with the early-risers.

Suddenly, Julie realized that while someone still shared her bed, it was Janet’s smaller female frame that lay facing away from her, her long strawberry blonde hair fanning across the pillow. Michael was apparently gone. Julie noticed, too, that as she lay on her back, there was a large wet spot under her butt. Since she vividly – exquisitely – recalled Michael spraying her face with his cum the night before, she surmised that he must have fucked her again in her sleep before he left.

Julie shrugged her shoulders as she rolled over and dozed back off. She chuckled sleepily as she recalled the most vivid of her sexy dreams. She had been in a room with a single spotlight on a bed, with a dark background, surrounded by men with hard cocks. She couldn’t see their faces, but she could definitely see their dicks as they took turns fucking her in all of her holes. Suddenly, she was alone, with Michael fucking her hard and, strangely, her Aunt Cora had been in a chair off to the side watching. Maybe that had been when Michael was actually fucking her earlier. In Julie’s dream, her aunt didn’t say anything, but just sat in the chair watching avidly, nodding her head and smiling. It appeared that she was masturbating, although she couldn’t recall actually seeing anything. But Aunt Cora was dressed in her sexiest blood-red nightgown, with the hem of the gown bunched up in her lap and her hands between her legs. In her sleepy haze, Julie decided it meant that Aunt Cora approved of her radical new life.

To say that Julie came from a small family would be an understatement. Her mother, Estelle, had been the older of two daughters of the owner of a shoe store in a small town in East Texas: Cora was four years her junior. Julie had been an only child, born in 1960 when her mom was 41, and Cora, despite three failed marriages, never had children.

Her father, Ed Leary, had grown up in San Antonio with an older brother and a younger sister. Uncle George had had two sons and a daughter; one son was killed in Vietnam in 1967 and the other died in a refinery accident in 1971, both leaving no children. Her uncle had died four years after that, of a broken heart, they all said. Her Aunt Louise had married an Army man from New York and gone back to live there, and Julie had only met the woman twice, at her uncle’s and her father’s funerals. So that left her cousin Diane in San Antonio, with whom she exchanged Christmas cards, but only saw about once every six years or so, and Aunt Cora, who lived alone in a townhouse in New Orleans.

Cora was 74 and still active, although arthritis was starting make walking more difficult and she had started using a cane to help her get around, but otherwise she had aged well. She had frequently visited her sister, who continued to love and stand by her even as she strongly disapproved of her lifestyle. Julie, of course, adored her aunt, because she was so sophisticated and charming, and she always brought Julie the neatest gifts. Then, when they had lived in the New Orleans suburb of Slidell, in the late 1980s, she had become even closer to her aunt. That had been the only thing she had liked about living in Louisiana, and they had stayed in close touch.

Many who saw them together were astounded to learn that Julie was not Cora’s daughter. They had the same tall, slender build, the same striking good looks and the same bright red hair, although her aunt’s shoulder-length mane of curly hair was shot through with silver by now. Estelle – and Ed, for that matter – had both been shorter and stockier, and Julie, at a shade less than 6 feet tall, had been considerably taller than both of her parents.

Cora McConnell had scandalized her family with her bohemian, feminist lifestyle, but now Julie understood that her aunt had chosen to embrace her sexuality and not hide from it. It had been her aunt who had encouraged her to take an interest in the arts, and to major in theater education in college when her high school interest in the stage became a passion for acting. Her aunt had even run interference for her with her mother on the issue, although her mom had insisted that she earn a minor – nearly a double major – in business. The irony was not lost on her mom that Julie had actually made better grades and won more honors in the business school at Baylor than in the drama department.

The point was, Julie thought as she woke up again and glanced at the clock, which read 5:46, Aunt Cora would encourage her to push forward fearlessly with her new self. Julie reasoned that God had made her like this; had given her a sexy, desirable body, an outgoing personality and an apparently enormous capacity for giving and receiving sexual pleasure. Why shouldn’t she enjoy it? Why shouldn’t she share her talents with the wider world? Sure, there were risks, a lot of them. Julie was well-read, and she knew what hazards awaited the careless and unsuspecting. But, she finally decided, she could also get hit by a truck on the way home. There were no guarantees in life, and she made up her mind that she was going to experience everything she had missed by living a sheltered, proper life.

As she woke up again, with a start, she understood what she needed to do. Getting up out of bed, she looked around on the bedside table until she found what she needed, Janet’s cell phone. She also found an envelope with her name on it. She picked up the letter and the phone, went to the bathroom and shut the door. After peeing and starting a pot of coffee in the small 4-cup pot that sat on a small serving wagon, she opened the cell phone and dialed her home number. It was 5:54, and she knew she needed to hurry. Glenn left the house at 6:05 so he could negotiate the freeway traffic to his downtown office. She wanted to catch him just before he walked out the door, so he wouldn’t have time to argue with her about her decision.

Emily answered on the second ring, “Hello?” “Hi, sweetheart! How was your weekend?” Julie asked her daughter brightly. “Everything go OK?” “Hey Mom!” Emily answered. “Everything went great. Gramma left yesterday afternoon, after Dad got back. Really, it was kind of a quiet weekend. How’s Kansas City?” “It’s been a real interesting visit,” Julie said. “I’ve had a great time! Look, I need to speak to your father real quick before he leaves. Is he still there?”

Emily went to get Glenn, who answered the phone breathlessly. “Yeah, darling, what is it?” Glenn said. “Dear, I’ve got some good news and I’ve got some bad news,” Julie began. She had her script just about all worked out in her head. “First of all, the van broke down in Oklahoma. It wasn’t anything serious, but they had to bring the part down from Oklahoma City and couldn’t get it replaced until Saturday. So I didn’t get here until Saturday afternoon, and by then the Hyatt was full. Fortunately, I ran into an old friend, Janet Koslowski, from KU, while I was at the desk trying to figure out what to do.”

Julie was talking hurriedly so Glenn wouldn’t be able to get a word in edgewise. “She lives here in one of the suburbs, and offered to put me up for the weekend,” Julie went on. “But here’s the news I wanted to tell you. We were talking at the dinner Saturday night, and she mentioned that she was in sales for a company that contracts with publishers to sell textbooks and other educational materials. And she said they needed somebody to handle their Dallas account, and that I might be what they’re looking for, because of my background in education. It pays $30,000 a year, plus commission, for part-time work. She’s arranged an interview for me at 10 o’clock this morning, and that’s the bad news. If I get the job – and it’s almost guaranteed that I will – then I’ll have to stay this afternoon to fill out forms and go through an orientation. So it looks like I won’t be home until tomorrow.”

Despite his need to hurry up, finish dressing and leave for work, Glenn was stunned by his wife’s announcement. “A job?” he stammered. “Why do you need a job? Don’t I make plenty of money? Don’t you have enough to do at home?” Julie felt her anger boil at that last remark. You asshole, she thought, enough to do at home? God, what a sexist question, she thought. “Glenn, I don’t know where you ever got the idea that I was happy being tied to the house by my apron strings,” she said slowly and evenly. “But the fact is I’ve been miserable. I need to get out of the house and do something. I want to do something for myself, for a change. I’ve been a homebody too long. I want to meet people and become involved in the community.” Julie had to suppress a giggle at that. She was going to meet people, all right. She was going to meet them and fuck them, she thought wickedly. “I don’t know about this,” Glenn said in that pompous tone of voice she had always hated, because it emphasized his feelings of superiority. “I don’t know if I approve of you going off behind my back and looking for a job.”

Julie just gritted her teeth and couldn’t help the cold tone that entered her voice as she replied, “Glenn, in the first place, I didn’t go looking for this job. It found me. In the second place, I didn’t think I had to get your approval to better myself, or my family. We can use the money, I’m interviewing for the job, I’m going to get it and that’s all there is to it. So I’ll see you tomorrow afternoon. Now run along to work, dearie, and let me talk to Brian.” Julie gave her son some instructions, told him she loved him then hung up.

“Yes, yes, yesssss!” she exulted to herself, as she pumped her fists. She could already feel her pussy juicing up from anticipation. She was going to spend the day exploring her newfound sexuality. She wanted to do some of the things she had done in the video, only this time she wanted to be fully conscious and aware of what was going on. She wanted to take on a more active role this time, to suggest some things, and to carry herself to peaks of pleasure unending. She fixed herself a cup of coffee, sat on the toilet to do her morning business, then opened the envelope of the letter that had been left for her.

Inside, she found a letter and a bundle of 50 crisp $100 bills. “Dear Miss Julie,” the letter began. “Words are inadequate to describe my joy at the fact that you will be joining our family. I am a man who needs more than one woman in my life, and for two years now, since Sandy passed away, it has just been Janet and me. She is a wonderful woman, and she loved Sandy almost as much as I did. Since then, we have tried out a number of women for that role, and while many have gone to work for me, they didn’t have that special something, which you have in abundance. It is a pity that you have to leave and return to your family, but I understand the importance of obligations. Still, I had hoped the three of us might have a little ménage a trois before you left. However, I have business to attend to in Oklahoma City and I won’t be back until late tonight. I am a patient man, and I hope that one day we can all be together on a more permanent basis. At any rate, you were phenomenal all weekend, but especially last night. You will find enclosed the cash half of your first month’s compensation. Janet has another envelope with your tips from this weekend, something like $5,000, the most we’ve ever collected for a first-timer. Janet has some things she wants to go over with you, some advice and stuff. Listen to her. She’s been in this business a long time and she’s a pro. Best of all, she’s scrupulously honest. You are one of a kind, and I am looking forward eagerly to your return in June. Love, Michael.” 

Julie thought the letter was one of the sweetest love notes she’d ever read, and she couldn’t wait to see him tomorrow – or tonight – and thank him personally. Then she turned her attention to the bundle of cash and did some quick math. Fifteen thousand dollars times six visits a year to the Ponderosa was around $90,000 a year. That, plus the income from the sex business she was planning to open when she got back to Texas, and her smile got wider and wider.

Hell, Julie thought, she could make several hundred grand a year doing this, something her body had come to crave anyway. Do it three years, build up a clientele, squirrel away the money carefully, and she figured she could bank a million or more by the time the contract expired. That would be more than enough to send Glennie Boy packing. And THEN the percentage money from the movies she would be starring in would start to kick in, and she did some quick figuring on the figures Michael had cited the day before. That would add up to about $100,000 a year, and that would be legitimate income, a good cover for the other, illegitimate, income she was going to be bringing home. Without even thinking about it, her right hand had flipped through her pussy lips and found her clit and she was absently twiddling her twat at the thought of her new career and the wealth it could bring her.

Finishing her coffee, she decided it was time to shower and get on with the day. She had just stepped under the steaming flow, when the shower door opened and Janet stepped in, still rubbing sleep from her eyes. “I thought you might like some company, you know, to help wash each other’s backs,” she said with a wink as Julie stepped aside to allow her under the spray.

They washed each other’s bodies with tender loving care, then hugged each other’s soapy body tightly and kissed with a mounting passion. Inevitably, their fingers found each other’s sex and they each opened their legs to allow the other access to her pussy and clit. They rubbed and kissed and fingered each other until, with a rush, they came together in a convulsive orgasm. “What a way to start the day,” Julie exulted. She felt free, freer than she’d ever been. The preacher’s daughter had become a whore, and she loved it.

Chapter 26: Janet and Julie talk business They dried off then sat naked at the table having another cup of coffee. Julie marveled at the fact that she was sitting at a table, naked, drinking a cup of coffee with another, equally naked, female like it was something she’d done all of her life. Janet squealed with joy when Julie told her of the phone conversation she’d had with her husband, and that she’d be spending today there at the Ponderosa. “Oh, Michael will be thrilled. He was so disappointed that he had to leave so early and would be gone all day,” Janet said. “At the very least, he wanted to see you off properly.” “You mean, see me get off properly,” Julie said with a laugh. “Yeah, that too,” Janet answered, laughing as well.

After they had polished off the coffee, they decided to get dressed and eat breakfast. They had much to discuss. Julie, in particular, wanted to learn as much a she could about the Ponderosa; she wanted to learn more about Michael and Janet’s unusual relationship; and she wanted to discuss in detail exactly what she wanted to do today, and get Janet to help set it up. Janet slipped on a tight pair of jeans and a t-shirt. Julie found one of her favorite dresses, the one she called her rose dress. It was a light one-piece that reached mid-thigh, white with roses for the design. It was lightly banded just under her boobs and had thin shoulder straps. Usually, she wore a strapless bra with it, because she had just always worn a bra. The idea that she would appear in public braless had never even crossed her mind. Yesterday didn’t count, she decided; that had been a sex thing, part of the weekend. But the idea of going around every day, all the time, without underwear would have scandalized her before, but no more. Now the idea turned her on. She slipped the dress on, fluffed up her hair, put on some light make-up – Julie never needed much make-up because her complexion was nearly perfect – and was ready to go. Not only did she not have on a bra, but she skipped the panties, as well. She reasoned that if she was going to be an available sex provider, she needed to be, well, available.

Over breakfast – fruit and a bowl of Cheerios – the two women talked about their lives. Janet, like nearly everyone who met her, found herself liking this personable redhead a lot. She may have been prim and proper beforehand, but she was smart, witty and a good listener. Throughout breakfast, the two women were subject to leering stares by many of the male customers, but they simply ignored them. This was not the time for sex. Julie was there to gather information.

Over the course of breakfast, Julie learned that Janet had grown up in a small town not far from Dallas, where she had learned about sex at an early age. She had shown an uninhibited appetite for sex at an early age, and had made it her business to screw as many of the local studs as she could before she shook the dust of her hometown off her feet and made her way to the big city.

Janet especially relished telling one story about the time she fucked all the members of her school’s basketball team. “I really came to appreciate the workings of a black man’s cock that day,” she said. “They fucked me every way to Sunday.” Of course, her reputation wasn’t much, but that was OK, she’d only gone back there a few times a year to see her family, after she finished high school and moved to Dallas.

Hard times had awaited her in Dallas. The boyfriend she thought she’d been in love with had started sending her out to Deep Ellum to turn tricks to support the cocaine habit they had acquired and to put some meager food in the refrigerator. Her luck changed, oddly enough, when she was swept up in a big vice raid. Instead of an attitude, she had poured out her soul to the detective at the station, and he took pity on her. He gave her the name of a couple of friends he thought could help her out.

It proved to be Michael and Sandy. They had taken one look at the girl, frightened but determined, beautiful in a wild, 1980s way, and knew they had a real diamond in the rough. They had cleaned her up, dealt forcefully with the boyfriend and put her to work. They had channeled her sex drive into a positive force and a lucrative source of income. She had been the first of their girls, and they both quickly fell in love with her. Sandy had willed her half of the Ponderosa to Janet, but she still liked to work the line, as she called it. “I just like to fuck, and what better place to do what I like than a whorehouse?” she asked philosophically, laughing sardonically.

“How are you with the prospect of sharing Michael?” Julie asked. She liked Janet, but she knew that love is a powerful emotion. “It’s all we’ve talked about for the past year and a half. Michael has, um, a bountiful personality. One woman has never been enough for him. He was married to Sandy, but we’ve decided not marry, so that we can be free to expand our family, so to speak. I knew as soon as I saw you that you could be the one, but it wasn’t until late Friday that we knew for sure. We fucked for an hour watching you perform, and we practically never took our eyes off the screen. It was some of the most intense sex we’ve ever had.”

After breakfast, they took a tour of the premises, where Janet introduced Julie around. Julie smiled when she saw the name of the strip club, the Kit Kat Club, same as from Cabaret, her favorite musical. The most audacious, out-of-character thing she ever did in her life before this weekend was to sing for the role of Sally Bowles in the fall of her junior year at Baylor, not too long before her incident at the UT frat house. She didn’t get the part, but it did come down to her and another girl, who got the part only because she’d played the role once before in high school.
