 It was an uneventful ride back to Lisa's house - we talked and flirted some more, held hands and occasionally caught each others eye, staring for as long as possible without her losing concentration and crashing the car. When we finally returned to her home, it was nearing midnight. As the adrenaline was running high for both of us, neither felt in much need of sleep, so we decided to jump onto the computer and chat for a while on the Internet. 

We logged on, greeted the usual people and settled in. My hand drifted into her lap and began to toy with her snatch and she responded by closing a hand around my cock, which had again become very erect inside my pants. Suddenly, a beep announced that someone had private messaged us. Upon checking, I was delighted to find that it was Claire, a friend of mine, also of Lisa's.

Claire was 22, blonde with the most gorgeous figure and piercing blond eyes. She only came online from time to time, so it was a pleasant surprise to find her there. We promptly began to chat, mainly about the fact that I was at Lisa's house. She asked what we were doing, and, in a fit of daring spontaneity, decided to tell the truth. Lisa took the keyboard and began to type.

"He's got his hand in my cunt and he's finger-fucking me REAL good," she typed. "I'm rubbing his hard cock. Should I get it out?" she asked. "Claire responded quickly "Yes. Wank him off good and hard!" Lisa turned to me and smiled, then unzipped my pants and pulled out my now raging erection. My cock isn't absolutely huge, but it's a fair size, and enough to please any woman I've come across so far.

I took the keyboard, and replied "Oh god, she feels so good!" Claire responded by typing "You guys are making me all wet here... how bout I come over and join you?" I couldn't believe my luck. I turned to Lisa, who smiled and said seductively "Can you handle the two of us at once? ." To that I replied "I'll bloody well try!" I typed my approval to Claire and proceeded to log off, awaiting Claire's arrival, as she only lived 5 minutes away.

I turned my attention to Lisa, who had ceased playing with my cock, and was now paying attention to my balls – she had begun to rub and stroke them adoringly, rolling them around in her hand as if they were precious eggs. I leant forward and kissed her, deeply and passionately, while fondling her right breast and sliding a finger into her saturated pussy. I pumped the finger, then two, in and out, curling them upwards to make contact with her G-spot, which caused her to moan and rock her hips on her chair. I quickened my assault, and pretty soon she was off in another world again, body and mind wracked in the throes of intense orgasm. "OHHH! AHH! PETE MMM!" she cried aloud as the climax took her in its clutches. 

As her orgasm subsided then finished, she leant forward to kiss me, and right there and then, the doorbell rang. Knowing this would be Claire, she got up to open it, with me close behind her.

Claire was standing at the door wearing a mini skirt, which ended just above her knees, and a scarlet midriff top, with a long black leather coat over the top. Claire stood at 5 foot 7, with blonde hair to her shoulders and amazing breasts – a c-cup on a size 10 was nothing to sneer at. They just seemed to defy gravity. Perfectly shaped and with beautiful facial features and creamy white skin, she looked absolutely stunning. Lisa and I both took it in turns to greet and hug her, and the feeling of those tits against my chest made my cock jump. "It's good to see you," I said remarked with a cheeky grin on my face. "You too, babe," she replied and returned the grin, accompanied by a barely noticeable wink. 

Lisa took both of our hands as she lead us into her living room. She picked up her stereo remote and switched the CD player over to a soft, relaxing selection. Claire shed her jacket onto a chair, turned and said slyly "So what have you two been up to while I was on my way?" Lisa and I looked at each other and grinned seedily. "He made me cum. HARD," she replied. "I'm jealous," returned Claire. "Well, there's plenty more where that came from," said Lisa, as she ran a hand from my ass, over my thigh and onto my crotch, where my cock jumped at her touch.

"I might have to get me some of that," remarked Claire, coyly. I walked over to her, and ran my hands down her sides to her waist, causing her to arch her back slightly. I ran my hands back up her body, and brushed the sides of her ample breast. I was just aching to see them, to touch them, to taste them. I decided to take action. I knelt down in front of her so my head was level with her exposed navel, and slowly ran my tongue around the delicate region. This brought forth a sigh from her mouth above. Lisa walked up behind me and placed a hand on my head, running her fingers slightly through my hair, making me shiver with pleasure.

I placed my hands underneath the edges of Claire's skimpy red top, and ran my hands over her soft belly. I reached the underside of her brassiere, lightly running my hands over her full breasts. Lisa leaned forward and took hold of the bottom of her top and removed it as Claire raised her arms in the air. When this had been achieved, I reached behind and unclasped the fastener on the back of the sheer black undergarment, and removed it with her assistance. Fuck. They were the most beautiful tits he had ever seen. Well rounded, firm, with small, pink areolas and a pair of the most delicious looking nipples he had ever seen. They reacted to the cold.

I reached behind me then and ran a hand up Lisa's thigh, up her skirt and to her pussy, which was even now still soaking with the juices of anticipation of what was to come, while she leaned forward and kissed Claire square on the lips. They kissed for what must have seemed like eternity to them, as I slowly stood up, continuing to toy with Lisa's pubic region, while herself and Claire parted, and she slid her own top off, revealing her own magnificent, rounded tits.

I ditched my own shirt, and prompted the two girls to remove each others skirts while I undid my pants and let my boxer shorts fall to the floor. Claire hadn't been wearing any panties either. The three of us stood there naked for a short while, admiring each other's bare forms, before drifting together as a single undulating, grinding mass of skin and flesh. My hands drifted down to both the girl's crotches, as both my hands went straight for the pair of clitorises at my disposal. They moaned in unison as Lisa reached out to caress Claire's perfect breasts, while Claire herself silently took hold of my raging hard cock, stroking it and fondling it with a light touch that all but sent me over the edge.

But not yet, I told myself. I wanted to feel both of these beautiful women from the inside with my cock; to bring them as much joy and pleasure as they were bringing me just by being here, naked and wet, with my hands exploring their hidden and sacred regions. I slid a finger inside first Lisa's, then Claire's wet holes, alternating into one while moving out of the other. It felt like heaven to me, and obviously to them as well, as they began to grind their hips against my hands. 

Lisa took my hand and led Claire and I into her bedroom, flicking on the light and them turning the dimmer switch so as to provide a sensual mood lighting. She motioned for me to lie down on her queen-sized bed, and for Claire to join me. I lay back, and Lisa gazed at me with a glazed-over look in her eyes. Claire knelt down and our lips met, both our eyes closed as our tongues also met, and played cat and mouse with one another. I ran my right hand over her ass as Lisa climbed onto the bed and straddled me, noticing this I broke off my kiss and turned to gaze at Lisa as she aimed the engorged head of my cock at her cunt and slowly eased onto it. I felt myself melt into her as she slowly took me inside her, eyes closed as she bit her lip and we became one. 


Once I was entirely within her, she paused and savored the feeling of my hard cock filling her. Claire turned around to face away from me, and passing one leg over my head, knelt above my face. From this point I had a perfect unabated view of her pink pussy, with a neatly trimmed tuft of downy blonde hair just above. She lowered her self onto my face just as Lisa began to move up and down on me in long slow motions, steadily picking up her pace until she was moving steadily on me. My cock slid in and out of her, as I let my tongue probe around Claire's inner thigh, tracing a path to her treasures.. I ran my tongue along her outer lips, then thrust it into her hole, pushing it as far as I could into her, tasting her sweet nectar and loving every second. I withdrew it, and as she leaned forward to touch Lisa's breasts, I attacked her clitoris, flicking it gently and tracing a path around it. She began to breathe very heavily, and a small moan escaped her lips. 

Lisa was bucking on my cock at a steady pace now, and was quite obviously approaching orgasm. She reached forward to return Claire's attention by toying with her nipples, as they both panted and moaned their way towards climax. Suddenly Lisa's head whipped back and she screamed loudly, and I felt her pussy contract with the familiar pulse of orgasm. This in turn sent Claire over the edge and she began to moan and groan as well, as she came on my face. I lapped up her juices as they flowed out of her and she came down from her high. 

She slid off me as I sat up, motioning for Lisa to climb off my cock. As I felt myself slip out of her, I turned over onto my knees and said to Claire "Now it's your turn," with a grin. "Get down and let me take you from behind." Claire got on her hands and knees, turning her head to smile at me. I ran my own hands over her perfectly curved ass, and held my cock-head to her opening. As I applied my pressure and slid into her, Lisa moved in front of her and spread her legs, allowing Claire unobstructed access to her wet snatch. Claire obediently went to work, sliding two fingers into her and pressing her face into Lisa's cunt. As she licked and flicked Lisa's clit, I began to slide in and out of her in long strokes, speeding up quickly to an energetic pace. Claire lifted her head up and moaned, turning to look at me again, breathing "That feels sooo good Peter... AHH, fuck! Your cock feels SOOO good..." She buried her face back into Lisa's slit and began to moan into it while eating her. I felt her pussy contract around my cock and new she was cumming again, as Lisa shot off into an orgasm of her own. 

All this was becoming too much for me, and I felt myself going over the edge. "I'M CUMMING!" I yelled huskily, and buried myself deep within Claire as my cock exploded. I felt the streams of jizz flow and shoot from the end of my cock deep inside her, as I thrust my cock as deep inside her as I could, humping her for dear life as my orgasm took me. The intense feelings of pleasure overtook me and I almost lost consciousness. I held myself deep inside her cumming for what seemed like an eternity. Our three orgasms fed off each other, as we all seemed to cum forever. Finally, the moaning subsided and I let my shrinking cock slide out of Claire, and fell onto my back on the bed.

Claire climbed up on Lisa, kissing her way to her lips then French kissing her passionately before falling between us. I rolled over and embraced Lisa as Claire did the same to me, and we remained like that for some time, breathing heavily and thinking about what we had just done. I had just had the most amazing night of my life. I started to slide out of consciousness, resting my head on Claire's bosom for a while, and soon slipping into sleep.