 Miss Sanders settled her class down after coming back from a break so she can start the English class with everyone calm and quiet. It never took more than two loud firm orders from her to get all of her students to hush up and pay attention. They were especially attentive ever since her sex-ed classes a couple months ago and they were all the more eager to please her and do as she says. A rare thing for being a group of eighteen and nineteen year old students. But they do it in hope of her possibly giving more shows and pleasurable views. She had promised them more at the end of each week if they were good, had perfect attendance, handing in work on time, and/or overall obedient. 

She lived up to her promises and sometimes she would teach class in her bra, which was usually lacy, flimsy and made her breasts jiggle for the students to look upon. Another time she rolled her dress skirt up past her underwear and would teach like that showing off her legs, hips, and butt. Not to mention if she happened to of worn matching lacy underwear for better frontal views and then sometimes ride up and show off more of her lower butt cheeks. The last time she had stripped down to just her underwear then would walk up and down the aisle of desks while teaching. Allowing the students to casually touch her or grope her as she slowly walked by. By the time she got back to the front of the class the back of her underwear was pulled up between her cheeks exposing her butt, her pussy sopping wet and soaking through for all to see either through or just the dampness, and her nipples hard from wandering hands reaching up to touch, squeeze, or grab.

Not to say she didn't touch back though. Often times when she did this she would touch a little here and there as well. She had asked Gary a question relating to a chapter they had just read and as she went to lean forward topless in front of him. She placed her hand on his crotch and the other on the edge of his desk, fondling his erection on the outside of his pants. He had answered correctly and she allowed him a few moments to fondle and lick on her breasts before moving onto the next question for a student.

Today, however, she was feeling more turned on than usual and was wondering if it should, or if she would, continue towards more daring and exciting grounds with the class. It was one thing during sex-ed but another like this. She had found it questionable and often wondered if she ever should. Nothing had leaked so far and her students were doing very well never slipping below B-grade in the class.

Already her pussy was becoming wet as she would think more and more about it dampening her cotton panties. Running a hand through her loose charcoal-black hair and adjusting her glasses she opened her English book to the marker to start class. She straightened out her black khaki pants then took a seat at the edge of her desk, crossing her legs.

"When we had last left off," Monica paused to make sure everyone had their books readied, "where the main characters were being tempted and was questioning whether they should indulge or not with the offer they were presented with. Does anyone know what a temptation is?" She asked them.

The students looked at one another to see if anyone was raising their hand and then back up to her. Hillary raised her hand and Miss Sanders gave her a nod to answer.

"Isn't it where someone has a choice to make that usually ends up with a consequence?"

"Yes, that is a decent explanation of it. Anyone else?" No one attempted it. "Now come on, a word that is used quite a bit and said quite a bit, and you do not know the meaning of it?" She tried to coax them into at least trying to define the word to fully understand it. "Ok, what about tempter? Or Temptress?" She lingered on that last word and arched an eyebrow following a smirk.

"Aren't those usually related to bad things?" Kelly chimed in.

"Well, yes, it can be. . .or it could be related to enticer or simply entice." Monica tried to explain so they will understand. "How about this: I will tempt you with a view of my butt if you can tell me exactly what entice means." She wanted to end the lesson to be honest and get naughty. She could barely concentrate on the subject at hand she was so incredibly turned on and full of lust. "Anyone?"

Kelly raised her hand to answer and hoped to get it right. Ever since sex-ed when she was used as a Miss Sanders' sex-ed body to show female anatomy. She has taken a liking to her and always wanted more from her. She will never forget the touching and everything else that went on during that course, or this year even, and continues to want to try get more out of it if she can. "Entice is to seduce or try to persuade, or a kind of charm. Right?" She held her breath, hoping she was right, looking her in the eyes.

Monica was actually thinking more along the lines of lure, but whatever, close enough with charm and seduce. "Yes that is correct, Kelly." She walked to the front of Kelly's desk and turned her back towards her. In front of Kelly, Monica pulled her light pink shirt out, unzipped her black khakis and pulled them down to middle of her thighs. Her cotton underwear in Kelly's view, her thighs partially exposed. "Since you got it correct. You may pull my underwear down for your reward." Monica looking over her shoulder at Kelly who is eyeing her butt in awe. "Today that is," Smirking at her young student's still apparent shyness.

Kelly broke out of the gaze and slowly reached out for her teacher's round, petite butt and took hold the top of her soft underwear. Feeling her fingertips slide across her silky skin inside the waistband, Kelly pulled down revealing Miss Sanders' bare butt. Moving her fingers to the sides of the underwear to her hips she continued to pull the underwear down completely off. Monica knew the class was staring, she was turned on even more now, she knew her students were turned on even more and she was wanting taken right at this moment.

Having the underwear completely off and pulled down to her khakis a few inches below her butt. Kelly felt a brave fire inside her and she pulled them down to her knees until the edge of her desk prevented any further. Monica scooted over to the side of the opening where the student takes their seat to give Kelly better ease to finish what she started.

Mouth dry and eyes glued on the bare flesh in front of her. Kelly admired the roundness and petite butt in front of her, looking through the opening space between her teacher's thighs as well. She was turned on by her body frame of how it is curvy and so fit and tight. Leaving the khakis and underwear above her dress shoes. Kelly turned back around facing straight in her desk but kept her eyes on her teacher's ass.

"There you go, Miss Sanders." She quietly confirmed her finishing.

"Mmm, thank you, Kelly." She placed her fingers on the side of her face and gently ran them down taking in the softness of her skin.

"You're welcome." She felt a slight chill run up her spine from the touch and her pussy felt the same way it did when she was on display for the class being touched by her.

All eyes once again on their teacher's exposed body parts and she knew it. They were either looking at her bare butt, pussy, or legs, but she knew she had their attention and they would do whatever to keep her happy and naked. Walking awkwardly to the front of the class from the limited stretching of her khakis, Monica made it to the front of her desk and class once more. Keeping her back facing the students, eyes glued to her butt, admiring the cheeks and crack and her legs. Their eyes nearly came out and mouths went agape as they witnessed her bending over to take off her slip shoes to take her khakis and underwear off completely.

"That's better." She calmly confirmed turning back around to face the class. Her shirt fitting firm, but loose, around her hips inches above her navel.

Her fanned out black pussy hair still looking the same as always, as if it never grows, from her keeping it trim and neat. Legs tight and firm looking as ever and her breasts pushing out against the fabric of her soft looking cotton pink shirt.

The class has seen her naked enough times now to not stay frozen and dry mouthed as long, but still seeing their teacher doing this still gets them in a state of awe and shock. The boys felt their dicks hardening, if not already hard, and pushing against their pants. The girls enjoying it as well, admiring, getting wet or just simply enjoying the views while gradually getting turned on. No student was left turned off and they all always enjoyed this as if it was the last.

"What about the shirt?" Holden bravely called out.

"What about it?" She grinned, lifting it up past her bellybutton then back down. "We have a story to read and examine last I checked." She wanted the tease to continue on more to where the students were in a begging state of mind and left so aroused they couldn't think straight. Monica turned around to get her book off the desk and continue on with the story figuring they had enough of a catch up from where they last ended off at. 

A couple chapters later and even more deeply aroused students. They tried their best to keep up with the story and their eyes on the pages while reading. They all finished and came up to a review point for questions regarding the chapter they just read.

"Before we start the chapter review questions, I have a proposal for you all. For the first student to get all the questions including the bonus questions right will get a reward from me. I'm not saying what it is so don't even think about asking now. Just get the questions all done, hand it to me, I will grade it and when they are all handed in I will announce who the winner is. There will also be rewards for the second and third students to get them all right too." She couldn't wait until they were all handed in and she already had her picks of who she hopes gets them. But at this point not even caring who does just as long as one of them gets it. "Agreed?"

"Yes!" They all excitedly let out. Wanting to hurry up and get the review sheet now to finish quickly and get, in their own respective minds, reward.

"Oh. And as you all take your quizzes," she thought of another lesson they can take from today in what they learned from the story, "I am going to be 'tempting' you all with me sitting at the edge of my desk playing with myself a little bit. So who will be tempted in watching me play and not concentrate on their test? And who will overcome the temptation and possibly get every question right and a reward on their test?" She heard them lightly groan and mumble as she presented them with a challenge regarding examples from the story.

Propping herself on her desk after having passed the quizzes out. She started off keeping her legs spread far apart to where the side of her knees were touching the desk's edge. Monica kept looking at the students with lust-filled looks and looks of desire while rubbing her soft, silky legs up and down. There were thirty questions on the quiz plus two bonus questions. The bonus questions consisted of two paragraph explanations from certain parts in the story. She knew her students were all A capable students and she figure three of them were bound to get the hundreds. She read the questions the night before and again during lunch when she thought of all this. They would do good, she thought.

A few of the students would look up quickly to see what she was doing and to see her legs open and exposing her pussy for all who chooses to give into the temptation of it. She grinned as they stole glances at her, wondering if they would concentrate more on the quiz or her now. She was rubbing her hands over her legs still up and down, squeezing them rubbed her upper thighs. Dipping her hands inside her thighs too brushing the edges of her palms against her pussy lightly. She could feel her wetness trailing on her palms to her inner thighs.

Few more minutes went by and she noticed a couple of the students flipped over to the second page of the quiz and she was now pulling on her pussy hair a little. Pulling to where her skin would come up with the fine, soft curly hair and she would let go letting it go back into place. Or running her fingers through her pussy hair down to her wet pussy lips, spread them exposing her shiny, glistening hole, and back up rubbing against her pubic hair getting that wet as well. Running her fingers back through to separate them from sticking together from the wetness back down to her pink pussy lips. Students constantly looked up to see what she was doing next, some already lost focus but tried to do their quiz while others never once looked up no matter how loud the gasps were they heard around them.

Ten minutes went by and the quizzes were finally being handed in. She had the master quiz beside her and, keeping her legs open, she looked at the quizzes with her still wet fingers and the master quiz to grade. So no one would figure out who had or didn't have a complete hundred, Monica put the quizzes all in the same pile after grading. But keeping the corners sticking out of whoever won the first prize reward.

Her class thought they would be smart and see if she put them in two different piles but were let down when they witnessed her putting them all in one pile and no signs of grading marks or anything.

After fifteen minutes passed all the quizzes were handed in and she graded each one upon first arrivals and she was still grading the last remaining ones putting them all in the same pile. Few moments and she hopped off the edge of her desk, back facing the class and she pulled the first three perfect quizzes out by the corners sticking out of the pile and read off the names to come get their reward.

"They are all graded and I am holding here the first three perfect papers." She grinned, seeing their anticipation building up in their eyes. "You all think you did well and think you getting the reward?" She stalled their winnings a bit more.

Groans and moans erupted as they were being led on at the moment by their always playful, teasing teacher. She enjoyed watching them get beside themselves during something like this. She always dragged the big moment on until she figure they had enough and she would deliver.

"Come on," Hillary clasped her hands together in excitement. "Who got it?"

"Ok. Ok." Miss Sanders lifted the three quizzes up to read off the names. Smiling, she read off, "Ben is the first to get a complete hundred and bonus right. Marie is second to get it following Hillary." Rest of the class slumped and groaned in disappointment as they either were too late in handing in their quiz or didn't get all of them right. "It's ok for the rest, you know. You all still get to witness, just not partake in."

Ben, Marie, and Hillary had smiles ear to ear and were eager to find out what their rewards were. Ideas raced through their minds as they thought of the possibilities. Ben thought of being allowed to undress her completely and then allowed to touch and lick wherever he wanted. Hillary was thinking of her reward as being allowed to strip for the class again and finger herself or something along those lines. Marie was wondering if she would be told to strip or strip Hillary since she was in second place, following her fingering herself for her teacher's viewing pleasure. Their minds all on one thing just about and all racing with eagerness.

Monica placed her hands on Ben's shoulders placing him in front of her and Marie and Hillary stood next to him looking at the class and at their teacher. Nervous and still wondering.

"Ok, Ben, you are first place and your reward is going to be of course the best. And hopefully with future quizzes this can possibly become an incentive of getting hundreds. I am going to suck you off and you get to choose either I swallow, spit, or take the load on my body." She watch him get pale from being told his prize. He couldn't think rationally anymore until she put his hands on his shoulders again and brought him back to the classroom reality again. "Well? Which is it?"

"Umm, uh. . .swallow. Yeah. I want you to swallow." He stumbled over his words. Nervous of getting his first blowjob not only by his teacher, but in front of his friends and classmates to top it off. He tried to get a hold of himself and felt him calm down and settle himself a little.

"For you and Hillary." She turned facing them. She had all the rewards planned out according to mixing and matching of who would end up winning so she wouldn't be stuck trying to figure out what to do if it was either two girls, two boys, or boy and girl. And if the first place was a girl. "Since you two seem to not only be good friends, but also, well, you seem to take a liking to whenever another girl, or me, gets naked. You two will strip each other completely naked while I am sucking on Ben's cock and then get on top of your desks and finger in front of each other. You can place them on both sides of my desk, still facing each other though, so you can both watch me better while sucking his dick or you can just face each other closer while you finger. But have to be facing each other." She pointed towards their desks to bring up and put wherever they wanted as long as they were facing each other.

The class was still in shock about their teacher sucking Ben off, they never thought she would do something like this. Even though they would think and wish it they never actually thought it would happen.

"Ok desks are in place." Hillary and Marie both informed their teacher. Letting her know this is where they want the desks at. They were still close, leaving a little space for Miss Sanders to put Ben on the desk and her to kneel down and suck him off. While at the same time still close enough for both Marie and Hillary to clearly and closely watch them finger their pussies.

"Nice positioning." She noticed the desk positions and where she would obviously be. Facing the class again she informed them, "Well, since you all are not apart of the top three. You cannot watch me suck his dick, but only hear and watch me from behind. You still get to see my butt and my head go up and down and hear it all. But can't have it all since you did not get in the top three. What is the motto of success again for a reminder in future challenges that will be along these same lines?" She asked the class.

"Winners get it all and losers watch in envy." They all said together with a hint of disappointment in their voices.

"Better luck next time and you all did pass in high nineties or perfection, by the way. Better luck next challenge." She turned to face Ben. Who was now back to normal and over the initial shock, kind of, about his reward. "Take your pants off and hop on the edge of the desk." She grinned. Looking at Hillary and Marie now, giving them the go ahead to strip each other.

Ben had his jeans off and on the ground in no time, sitting on the desk before Monica could even squat down to level her face to his cock. Ben had been lucky in this class since he was the male anatomy student for sex-ed and had already came in her hand, now it would be in her mouth! His mind racing, he jerked slightly when he felt her soft hand take hold of his already hard cock. Lightly stroking up and down. Monica looked over at Marie and Hillary to see them taking each other's shirts off and exposing their bra covered breasts.

Marie in a blue bra and Hillary in a white one. Hillary slipped her hands inside of Marie's bra and felt her big breasts fill her palms up, she situated her hands inside the bra taking in the softness and plush feeling of her breasts, sliding up to her straps and pulling them down her shoulders to her arms. Marie did the same to the less slightly skinny Hillary. They were both standing in front of each other, the sides of their bodies facing the class so they can watch the stripping. But most were busy watching Miss Sanders' stroke Ben. They couldn't see it, but did see her shoulder move up and down at a fast rate since she picked up speed. Her head went low and then up as she licked the underside of his cock. Ben closed his eyes, went stiff, and then normal again from the feel of the warm tongue touching his now rock hard, pulsing dick.
