 This is a real Craigslist Missed Connection I posted in Chicago in early January. I never got a legitimate response.

~*~*~

I was laying on my bed, my hands bound together over my head, my eyes completely blindfolded. I was naked and I felt Alex's hands pulling my legs apart, positioning me as spread open as possible. I felt warm breath on my clit and I got so excited waiting for his tongue to probe my pussy.

It was completely silent. 

Just as my pussy started to really tingle with anticipation, I felt soft feminine hands running up the inside of my thighs, fingernails gently scraping my skin. I have no idea who you are. I couldn't see or hear a thing and this was not something that Alex and I planned together. I don't even know how you got into the house without me hearing you.

Your hands were so soft and I was going out of my mind as you ran them over my naked body. I wanted so badly to rip the blindfold off, but I couldn't with my hands bound and Alex had ordered me not to. Sometimes I felt four hands on my skin and sometimes only two. I was left to wonder if you were touching Alex or if he was was touching you during those times.

I felt a tongue on my pussy lips, hesitant, and assumed it was you. Then a mouth closed around my nipple. I felt the rough stubble of Alex's chin against the soft skin of my breast and thrilled with delight, knowing it had to be you exploring me. Then I felt your soft hair grazing my inner thigh and I almost exploded on the spot.

You were hesitant, then got bolder as you licked me and heard my moans. I was pretty sure that Alex had told you a few things to do to me – some of what you were doing to my pussy was very close to his signature moves. The way you very gently worked two fingers inside of me while softly licking all around my clit without touching my clit directly. The way you paused occasionally to kiss and lick my inner thighs, until I was in so much need that I arched my hips towards your lip and tongue, desperate for more direct contact.

I felt the bed shift just as I got close to cumming all over your tongue. I felt you move completely away from me, then I heard you moan and felt the pressure of your tongue on my clit increase and your body move against my thighs rhythmically. From previous experience, I knew this meant that my husband was behind you, thrusting his cock deep into you, pushing your face into my pussy as he fucked you. I wished I could see it but tried to focus on the swirling tongue on my clit.

God, I wanted to know who you were. I was pretty sure you weren't anybody I'd ever been with before. Maybe you were one of Alex's toys that he decided to share. I just knew I couldn't get enough of you. The whole bed was shaking as he pushed you into me. Your moans created an amazing vibration against my clit, and as I came, I'm pretty sure you did too.

I felt your long hair sweeping across my skin. You moved up my body to lay on top of me and I felt your rock hard nipples pressing into my own breasts. My legs were still spread wide, my juices wetting the sheet beneath us as I felt your legs between mine also spreading. You kissed me on the lips and I tasted my own pussy juices on you.

Alex's cock invaded my pussy, and you cupped my breasts and sucked on my nipples while he pumped in and out of me. He pulled out and I felt his thrusts against you again, wishing I could cup your breasts and tweak your nipples in return. I settled for just feeling them pressed against me while he powerfully fucked you right on top of me. He stopped again, returning his cock to me for a few more thrusts. He switched back and forth between us, I'm sure he was savoring the contrast between our pussies, until we both had cum again.

When he was moaning in that way that I know means he's about to cum, you moved off of me. I felt his warm liquid spray across my belly and breasts as he groaned in pleasure. Shortly, I felt your hair brushing against my skin again, followed by your tongue as you licked every drop of his cum off of my body.

There were low whispers I couldn't make out, and then the sound of the door opening and closing. By the time he removed my blindfold and the ties around my wrists, you were gone.

I still have no idea who you were. Every time I see him smile at a woman in public or flirt with somebody at a bar, I wonder if it's you. I study random women's fingers, trying to remember the exact length and shape of the hands that explored my pussy that night.

I know I could just ask my husband, but I want to find you on my own. It makes me aroused just to think about finding my mystery woman. I think we could have a lot of fun, just the two of us, or arrange for our own surprise for Alex.

Please put "reconnection" in your email subject line so that I can filter out the spam. Tell me which suburb I live in and something unique about Alex's body so that I know it's really you.