 A few years ago, my girlfriend of two plus years, Missy, and I had the greatest weekend of our lives. Before I begin, let me describe Missy. She is a 5' 4" redhead with an unmatched appetite for exploring her sexual boundaries. Which basically meant, she would do anything that I wanted, except anal. She had just graduated college, where she was a sprinter on the track team. Her body was trim and tight from all of countless hours of training. 

Starting at the bottom; her calves were muscular but not overly defined, her quads (thighs) had a certain definition to them that when viewed from a side profile, provided a stirring in most guys. Missy's ass was a little larger than a girl of her size, but it was solid, perfectly shaped and looked spectacular framed in a tiny g-string. Her stomach was flat and tight without having defined ab muscles. Above her stomach were breasts that were smaller, but so nicely shaped, like the bottom half of a raindrop and set so perfectly on her chest, that a bra was never needed. Topping her tits was a set of nipples that I could not keep my mouth off of, when excited, they were like two perfect pink erasers that sit atop a new pencil. Her auburn hair color was the envy of every Irish lass and cut into a quasi-pixie style with the front being longer than a normal cut. She had one strand that was blonde which I considered a natural highlight. Her hair was just long enough that it would fall in front of her eyes when she was sucking my cock. When she would look up at me with her blueish green eyes through her red hair, with my cock between her lips, it took every bit of self control not to explode instantly.

Her best feature however, was her magnificent pussy. Kept totally shaved and smooth. It was beautiful, not only by feel, but also by looks. Her lips were a beautiful pink hue and no excess skin. The slit looked as if it was made with a surgical precision to the exact specifications of my cock. The fit was so perfect that the inner lips would grab my cock when we fucked, it looked as if they didn't want me to leave as they extended out as I withdrew. Her clit was always in a state constant arousal and looked so cute peeking out waiting for my tongue. When we were together, her pussy was always wet and emitted a wonderful scent that was only matched by it's taste.

We explored each others bodies and boundaries constantly. Missy's favorite sexual hobby was to suck my cock, followed closely by getting fucked doggy style. When I fucked her this way, I always played with her perfect little asshole, but the only penetration allowed was made by my thumb.

A few times after sex, when we were lying together, usually with me still inside her, she would casually tell me about her desire for a threesome. Her only two stipulations were that the other female had to be good looking and they did not know each other. When I followed up with a few questions, Missy said she was serious and if I could make it happen, she would not be jealous no matter what happened. She also said she wanted to taste another girl's pussy, as she loved the taste of her own.

The next day, I went straight to facebook to locate former girlfriends from high school. After a few failed attempts (and others that I could not bring the subject up with), I contacted Amy. Her and I were never boyfriend-girlfriend, but we did have sex more than a few times. She said she would love to, as she also wanted to "taste" another girl, so arrangements were made without Missy's knowledge.

One Saturday morning in the summer, Missy came over for breakfast. After eating, I suggested that we take a shower together, which is code for shaving each other's "areas". After our shower, we toweled each other off and applied lotion to the newly shaved areas. When I went into my room to get a new g-string I just bought for Missy to wear, I saw a text from Amy, "Will be there in 25 min." The text was almost 15 minutes old which means I had about ten minutes until her arrival. I grabbed the g-string, it's a green micro-mini from The Bikini, that barely covers her pussy. The color is perfect for her skin and hair color. She stepped into it, and pulled the side strings up on her hips so they rested right on the top of her beautiful ass and the center string is hidden between her ass cheeks. 

We then went into my bedroom and Missy lies on my bed on her back with one knee up, I rest my head on her quad with my face inches from her g-string covered pussy. I start playing with the tiny green triangle of fabric, pulling it between her pussy lips and rubbing her clit with the fabric until she sighs. My cock is stirring and I know it is about to land in her mouth. Instead, I take charge and turn her so her head hanging over the side of the bed, standing over her, she takes my cock into her mouth and down her throat. Missy is moaning as I watch my cock become fully erect making a bulge in her neck. I slowly start fucking her mouth as her hand finds her pussy. Then, the moment that I have been waiting for, the knock on the door. I tell Missy, but she either doesn't hear me or is so caught up in swallowing me that she refuses to acknowledge the fact that I have to take my cock out of her throat and answer the door. I finally pull myself from her fellating trance, grab running shorts from the floor and run to the door, telling Missy I will be right back.

Through the peephole, I see Amy standing there nervously fidgeting as she waits for the door to open. When I open the door, she rushes right up to me, drops her bag, throws her arms around me and kisses me with her tongue dancing all through my mouth. However, my erection is quickly noticed by Amy, as it is poking her stomach, and she begins to rub it through my running shorts. After several minutes of Amy and my adolescent petting, Missy decided she had waited long enough. She pulled on my faded red Reebok sweatshirt and came into the living room to see Amy with her tongue down my throat and my cock out of my shorts and in her hand. 

Missy screamed, "What the fuck is going on?" We immediately stopped kissing and tried to calm her down. 

I implored, "This is Amy, she is your surprise." 

"Why the fuck were you two kissing?" 

Amy apologetically said, "We got carried away, knowing that the three of us are going to have some fun excited us, sorry. Wow, you are very pretty." 

Missy finally calmed down enough to notice, "Thank you, you can stop stroking his dick now!" We laughed, then Amy tentatively approached Missy. Seeing my girlfriend, in my sweatshirt that didn't cover the bottom half of her ass, waiting to be touched by another woman, made my cock jump. 

Amy, who is about 5' 2", with a body that is thicker than Missy's but no where near what anyone would call thick or heavy. Shoulder length straight black hair with a face of "a girl next door" complete with a few freckles. Amy was wearing a white tank top and skin tight yellow shorts over a navy bikini complete with a g-string bottom, as requested. Amy's hands go directly to Missy's wonderful ass as she lovingly looks directly into her eyes. Missy is in a trance, standing still, waiting for Amy's next move. Then Amy kissed her, my redhead tentatively returned the kiss, the way Rene Russo did to Pierce Brosnan the first time they kissed in the Thomas Crown Affair. Missy's hands now found Amy's bubble butt and was kneading it as Amy did the same. 

My hand subconsciously found my cock and was slowly stroking it as I watched them fondle each other. After about two or three minutes they broke the embrace and Amy grabbed the bottom of Missy's sweatshirt and pulled it up over her head leaving her standing there only covered by a very small green triangle. I approached Amy and did the same with her tank top as Missy decided to join in and remove Amy's shorts. Now, I'm standing in my living room, with the biggest erection of my life, running shorts at mid thigh, and two women now focusing their attention on me. My 5' 9", 140 pound distance runner's body is in a heightened state of arousal, my cock, which is very thick, has never looked bigger. It has definitely broken the seven inch barrier as the two females look towards me. Missy grabs a fistful of the back of my hair as she kisses me harder than I have ever been kissed, the steps aside to let Amy have her turn. As Amy is kissing me, Missy removes my shorts and starts roughly manipulating my cock and balls. I reach up to untie the strings on Amy's bikini top and watch her tits make their appearance. I announce that my bedroom is just down the hall, and we should go there. Missy leads the way, as Amy detours to grab her bag, then follows. As I watch two beautiful asses in g-strings walk down my hall, I quickly follow. 

In my bedroom, Amy decides that she is taking charge of this "event", unzips her bag and pulls out handcuffs. Missy dutifully accepts her role and has her hands handcuffed in front of her. Then Amy asks Missy to trust her, which Missy acknowledges by nodding her head, but while tentatively, softly, biting her bottom lip. I am watching, almost frozen, as this erotic scene unfolds before me. A leather blindfold is taken from the bag, and covered the eyes of the now subservient redhead. 

Once again, Amy asks, "Do you trust me?" and Missy nods her head in the affirmative. Amy directs her to her knees on the floor, just beside my bed. She then instructs her to stick out her tongue, Missy obediently follows her instructions as Amy kneels down to suck her tongue, which leads to several minutes of kissing. After a brief cooling off period, Amy asks again if Missy trusts her, again Missy nods yes. Amy tells the redhead to stick out her tongue, then offers a nipple to my kneeling, handcuffed girlfriend. They both seem to be enjoying this as the moaning now fills the bedroom. I too am enjoying the proceedings as I stroke my cock, and join in with the moans. After Amy has both of her nipples sucked to her satisfaction, she retreats for another two or three minute respite. Once again, Amy instructs her to stick out her tongue, Missy does, this time she is greeted by a bikini covered pussy. Missy is startled, but slowly starts licking, Amy quickly moves herself into a more advantageous position to receive maximum pleasure from my girlfriend's tongue. Amy is starting to enjoy the situation as Missy is getting more adept, but abruptly decides that this phase is now over. And again, Amy asked if she is trusted, and Missy utters an almost inaudible, "yes." 

Amy grabs me by my cock and pulls me over to my kneeling girlfriend and orders her to once again stick out her tongue. I get the not so subtle hint and place the head of my dick on her tongue. Missy immediately understands and starts performing her favorite duty. While she is sucking me, I look up to see Amy has disappeared, but the sensation is so good, I don't concern myself with her absence. After a few minutes, my legs were shaking, so I decided to sit on the edge of the bed. I directed Missy's willing mouth back on my cock and we continued as instructed.

After about 10-15 minutes, Amy finally returned, and she did not look like the girl next door anymore. Her hair was pulled back into a tight ponytail, she wore excessive bright red lipstick and blue make up around her eyes. A collar that said, "100% BITCH", a black thong and thigh high black patent leather boots with a least a five inch heel. She immediately pulled Missy's mouth from my cock and told her to kneel there and not move. Missy did as instructed, while Amy pulled a black pipe about 30 inches long from her bag. The pipe had velcro straps attached at each end and a clip like mountain climbers use attached in the middle. Amy quickly started to secure the velcro straps to Missy's ankles while asking once again if she trusted her. Missy quietly said yes. For the next 30 minutes or so, Missy was kissed, caressed, and made to feel comfortable by both myself and Amy. 

Then things took a turn, Amy asked me if I trusted her, I said, "Yes." Missy was instructed to open her mouth, she did so and Amy quickly inserted a ball gag and fastened the velcro straps behind her head. Then I was told to help Missy onto the bed, which I did without hesitation. Once she was on the bed, Amy grabbed her cuffed hands and secured them to the clip in the middle of the pipe. Missy was on her knees, blindfolded, with her legs spread and her chest was flat on the bed because her hands her even with her ankles, she couldn't lift her head off of the bed and her beautiful ass was invitingly sticking up in the air. Amy told Missy to relax and enjoy what was going to happen. Next, Amy removed a pink butt plug and K-Y jelly from the bag. The butt plug was about the size of an egg with a heart shaped base. She pulled Missy's g-string to the side and applied some K-Y to her anus. Missy jumped, but Amy stroked her back and calmed her down. While this was happening, I was transfixed and just stood there stroking myself. Then it happened, Amy didn't play around, the massive butt plug went straight into my redhead's ass. Missy would have screamed, but the ball gag muffled it. I leaped to Missy and kissed her cheek and talked to her, trying to calm her down. It took about six or seven minutes for the pain to subside, then she seemed to accept and enjoy her new toy. The pink heart base was sticking out of Missy's ass and Amy took the time to readjust the green string so it split the heart perfectly in two.

The blindfold was removed and Missy opened and adjusted her eyes looking up to see Amy, now looking the part of a dominatrix standing above her, beside the bed. Amy then positioned the redhead at the bottom of the bed with her face looking towards the rest of my bed. Amy had me lie on my back across the bed and immediately started licking her way down my chest. She tongued her way past my navel and kissed and licked the head of my cock and up and down it's length. Then, suddenly, she put my cock in her mouth, she started working to engulf the whole thing, but kept gagging so she slobbered all over it and stroked it while licking and sucking my balls. I looked at Missy and I could see desire in her eyes as she struggled to get a better view, there was drool all around the ball gag and I could smell the aroma of her excitement. Amy then stopped, got up and took off her tight black thong to reveal a smooth, shaved pussy with a small black landing strip then decided it was time to straddle my face. I was so turned on to have those shiny leather boots on each side of my head, that I licked, sucked, and fingered Amy's pussy until my entire face was soaked with her juices. She was moaning and telling Missy how good it felt and how lucky she was to have a boyfriend that could eat pussy so well. Then, she said it was time to fuck, Amy was on her knees with her pussy inches above my cock. She lowered herself to where her pussy lips rubbed the underside of my cock, back and forth she moved, without me entering her. 

After what seemed like an eternity of teasing, Amy arose, moved over to Missy, and said, "It is now time to give your girlfriend the fucking of her life!"

In a flash, I was behind Missy, seeing her legs spread, ass in the air, chest flat on the bed, I pulled her g-string to the side and plunged my cock into the warmest, wettest, tightest pussy I had ever entered (the butt plug was still in her ass). I fucked her like a crazed animal, as I squatted there ramming the full length of my cock in and withdrawing until only the head remained. Harder and harder, I savagely fucked her. Missy's moans were getting louder and louder, but they were muffled by the ball gag. 

Out of nowhere, Amy some how grabs my cock and pulls me from my redhead's pussy. Missy whimpers and starts begging to be fucked, just then Amy rips out the butt plug and I quickly replace it. Her hole is so tight that it takes all my force to fully penetrate it on the initial stroke. I can only imagine what Missy was yelling, but at this point, it was all about my release. After about only 10-15 more strokes, it happened. In what can only be described as an eruption, I came with such force that my entire body went into convulsions, Amy kissed me full on the mouth, then I passed out.

Part 2 soon.