 My loving husband and I have had a wonderful marriage for thirty years. That’s not to say we haven’t had the typical ups and downs, from time to time. But, through it all, we’ve been faithful to our vows and have never strayed. I contend that two of the important reasons for our marital bliss are: we both have a good sense of humor and an excellent partnership in bed. We are always open with each other, regarding our sexual fantasies. Being so in tune with each other’s needs, we seem to know immediately when sex has become routine. That’s when one or both of us will act out some new fantasy to spice things up. Those fantasies, which often involved role-playing, never reached beyond the confines of the two of us -at least, not until recently.

“God Laura, I’m sorry, Honey,” said a dejected Jim, rolling off my naked body.

“That’s OK, Baby. It happens to guys once in a while. Don’t feel bad” I reassured him, glancing down at his limp dick.

“I can’t imagine what it is? You know you ALWAYS make me horny, with those big tits and sweet ass of yours,” he said, fondling my boobs.

“I know, Baby. Maybe you need to relax and we’ll try again later, OK?” I offered.

He nodded and we settled down for a night’s sleep. His inability to get it up had happened only a few times over the last 30 years, and that was mostly due to his getting drunk on the rare occasion. I sloughed it off as stress and rolled over to my side of the bed. As I started to doze off, I heard the distinctive sound of him whacking his meat. Suspecting he was priming his rod for me, I rolled back to face him. He was lying flat on his back, staring intently up at the ceiling and jacking on his half-hard erection. Watching him pleasing himself is always a real turn on for me. Not wanting to interrupt his obvious fantasy, I gently nuzzled my naked body up next to him. The effect of our naked bodies touching made him crank on his cock harder and faster. I felt it was safe to break into his trance. Besides, I was as wet as could be.

“Are you fucking me, Jim?” I whispered in his ear.

“No Laura… he is,” Jim said, as if he was in some hypnotic state.

“Hmm. Who’s that? Who’s fucking me?” I asked.

“This guy, this big guy.”

“Do you know who he is?” I wondered.

“He’s this guy I know from work. He’s fucking you hard with his big cock, from behind,” Jim stated, with a little smile forming.

“Ummm. Do I like his big cock in me like that?” I asked, feeling my pussy twitch.

“Oh YEAH! You like it a lot!”

“What about you, Baby? Where are you?” I begged, seductively.

“Me? Oh, I’m about to stick my cock in your mouth, while he fucks you,” he said, increasing his smile.

“Oh yeah, Baby. Like this?” I whispered and lowered myself to suck in the head of his full sized cock.

“OH GOD YES! YES!” He yelled and dropped his hand.

I leaned over him and took hold of his pole. On my knees with my ass in the air, I sucked on his cock. Up and down I bobbed, moaning and dirty talking at the same time.

“Oh God! He’s fucking me so deep. His cock is so big inside me and your big cock in my mouth. He’s cuming inside me, Jim! Oh God, Baby! Cum in my mouth! I want to feel you both cum in me.”

I jacked and slobbered all over his swollen meat, until I felt his body stiffen. His white, hot cum shot to the back of my throat and cascaded down the length of his rigid tool. My hand was soaked with his steamy juices, as I continued to milk him dry. Finishing up my midnight blowjob, I gave him a cum-filled kiss and we drifted away to sleep, naked in each other’s arms.

I reckoned that whatever was stressing him out or kept him from getting hard had been properly dealt with. I was proud to be able to give him that release, and had fun playing out our little fantasy game. I decided our sex life would be back to normal, so there was no harm in my pretending to make out with another man, this one time. I certainly never imagined what that one night of fantasy could have led us to.

---------------------

Our unscheduled sex routinely happens every ten days to two weeks. Both of us are just on the other side of 50, so I consider that routine a normal, if not healthy frequency for having an active sex life. It had been over two weeks, since our last midnight session, so I was getting anxious for the next encounter. Jim was putting in extra hours of overtime after work that week, so he was often tired and ready to turn in early. Even wearing my skimpiest nightgowns to bed had no effect on him. Once he hit the bed, he was soon fast asleep.

Friday night of that week, he was finally home at his regular time. I suggested we go out for dinner and drinks to relax. He reluctantly agreed and we headed out for a familiar little bar we hadn’t been to for quite some time. I purposely dressed to impress, wearing a short, tight jean skirt and matching sleeveless blouse.

“Well, don’t you look sexy tonight? Another button, and you’d have everybody’s attention,” Noticed Jim, as we sat together at the unusually crowded bar.

I smiled, winked and slowly unbuttoned not one, but two more buttons. It was clear to my husband and anyone else in eyeing distance, that I wasn’t wearing a bra. The tight jean fabric hugged the sides of my d-size hooters, leaving my creamy cleavage on full display. My nipples hardened, as I watched the young bartender’s eyes stare at my chest.

“Uh, that’ll be eight bucks,” he stammered, placing our Martini’s down.

“I should charge you at least that much for enjoying the show,” quipped Jim, catching the sexy young stud off guard.

The bartender turned a quick shade of red, smiled sheepishly and nodded at Jim. The seedy little tavern was sort of a special hideout for us. Over the years we had been there on occasion to toss back a few, play some pool and shoot darts. If was a safe, little out-of-the-way haunt that offered just enough seclusion and crusty atmosphere to be an excellent stimulus for sex play. We had fond memories of one dark corner booth in particular, where I had gone down on Jim one late night. That was years ago and tonight the place was so packed; that little booth seemed miles away.

“I can’t ever remember this place being crowded like this!” I said to no one in particular.

“Oh, it’s never like this during the week. I mean, on Wednesdays you could hear a pin drop in here!” Remarked the bartender, who introduced himself as Josh.

Handsome Josh kept pace working the busy bar, but gravitated back to us, when he wasn’t pouring drinks. Being seated next to the waitress station, we learned all about him and met Jennifer, the young waitress on duty. Tall Jennifer was a shapely brunette working her way through college. Her short tight skirt left little to the imagination and her dark silky top opened to expose dam near as much of her firm tits as I was showing. As Jim and I sipped on our second Martini, I couldn’t help but notice an underlying connection between Josh and the girl –perhaps a deeper relationship that their barroom banter disguised.

“So Jennifer, are you and Josh seeing each other?” I asked, being nosy.

“Hell no! Why do you ask?” She wondered, with shifting eyes.

“I’m sorry. It’s none of my business. You two just seem so close,” I smiled.

“Well, the management would pissed off if they knew,” she started.

“Knew what!” I guessed some dark secret.

“Josh is my little brother,” she murmured, and touched my upper arm in confidence.

“OH, I see! I won’t say a word,” I said, returning her touch with one of my own on her arm.

“God Laura, you’ve even got that young girl looking down your blouse!” Observed Jim, while Jennifer went off to service the tables.

“Oh don’t be silly. These babies are just for YOU!” I said, swinging my tits from side to side.

“Just for ME? Those are too much for just one man. Maybe I ought to share ‘em,” he said, leaning over to kiss my neck and fondle my breast.

“Ooooh Jimmy, and just who would you share them with?” I asked and ran my hand up his thigh.

“Hmmm, how about Josh, or maybe Jennifer there?” He countered.

“Ooooh, that might be nice, but I couldn’t have you share me with someone I knew,” I said, playing with his fantasy.

“OK then, how ‘bout that guy from my work. You don’t know him?” He added.

“Are you serious? Oh my God, Jim you ARE serious aren’t you?” I recoiled in disbelief.

“Hey, it was just a thought. We’re just pretending right?” He asked.

“I don’t know if you are pretending or for real?” I wondered.

Facing each other on our stools, Jim and I moved closer together. My head grew dizzy from a combination of that last Martini and my husband’s hand inching it’s way up my naked thigh. Closing my eyes, to keep the room from spinning, I felt his tongue enter my ear. His familiar fingers found my naked pussy and I spread my legs open to his touch. The sloshing sound of his wet tongue mixed with my flowing juices to totally turn me on. I scooted forward on the stool to let his fingers slide easily inside my saturated hole.

“Lady, you are one hot looking bitch. I could fuck you right here and now –right in front of hour husband. You’d love that, wouldn’t you?” Whispered my husband in a low sexy voice.

“Oh God yes, but my husband would never approve,” I sighed, and ran my hand to his cock.

“Don’t be so sure about that. I think he’d approve, as long as he could watch.” Replied Jim, fingering my clit.

I was so horny, at that point I would have fucked the whole bar! Suddenly I felt another person standing in front of us. I glanced up to see in was the lovely Jennifer. She was standing, so as to shield our obvious foreplay from the patrons. Sensing we were now concealed, I unzipped Jim’s fly and dug inside his shorts. Turning our head slightly, I opened my mouth to take in Jim’s tongue, as I pulled his erect pole out of his pants.

“Uh, you guys are definitely a pleasure to watch, but I don’t know if everybody would appreciate it,” said Jennifer nervously.

“Oh Jen, don’t be such a prude. They’re just playing. No one’s paying attention to them anyway,” said Josh, watching the two of us.

“Yeah Jen,” I mimicked. “Can’t you see how HARD it would be to stop now!” I said, with eyes glazed.

Looking up into her dark eyes, I motioned with mine to look down at Jim’s erection. Her eyes widened and she unconsciously licked her full lips, as I brought her hand over to feel it. This was totally out of character for me. I had never shared my husband with another woman, but the thought of Jim sharing me with another excited me. Some erotic part of me wanted to share him with her. Jennifer coyly looked around to make sure no one was watching, as she wrapped her hand around his shaft. Watching her give Jim a hand job and feeling his fingers in my pussy sent me to an orgasm. Biting down on my lip to muffle my moans, my hand dropped from Jim’s thigh and conveniently landed next to Jennifer’s hose covered leg. Feeling myself about to climax in the middle of the crowded bar, I ran my hand up her thigh and underneath her short skirt. The damp heat from her pantyhose-covered mound told me she too was excited. I started cuming all over Jim’s fingers, when Josh bent over the bar to checkout the action. I positioned myself so my big tits obstructed his view, then pulled open my blouse to expose on of my luscious melons.

“Suck my tit, Baby. I’m cuming. That’s it, suck it hard!” I commanded, and pulled his head tight to my chest.

Josh was no novice to sucking tits, but probably never serviced one this large. When he soon found there was no way he could take it all, he focused his attention on licking my areola and biting my nipple. Nervous laughter and hoots started coming from the end of the bar. It wasn’t long before the whole bar was overreacting to our erotic exhibition.

Jim’s fingers made a quick exit, as did an embarrassed Jennifer. I gave Josh a peck on the cheek, while he gave my tit one final big lick. Shoving my wet boob back inside my blouse, Jim and I stood up to leave. The catcalls and innuendos continued. Josh said something to Jim. I winked at the red-faced Jennifer and we made our exit.

Jim and I made our way back to the car. I immediately hiked up my skirt and undid my blouse. Getting in the car, I spread my legs and fingered my pussy, while I licked on my tits.

“Oh God, that was SO hot! Take me Baby. Come here and fuck me now. I need your cock so bad!” I demanded.

“Gosh Laura. You are one hell of a sight. Look at you!” Jim said, eyeing my display.

“You can stop looking Mister and just DO ME!”

“Sorry Babe, I kinda shot my load inside,” he shrugged.

“ARE YOU SERIOUS?” I yelled in dismay.

“’Fraid so Honey, nothing left.”

“Nothing left? Is that so? Let’s just make sure, shall we?” I smiled and unzipped his pants.

I reached inside and pulled out his limp dick and sucked him for a good six minutes, before I finally gave up.

“Hope you’re not too upset, Baby,” said Jim, zipping himself.

“No, I’m not upset at you. I was all geared up for a nice hard fucking, that’s all!” I reminded him, as I put myself back together. “So what was Josh saying to you as we left?” I asked.

“Oh, he just thanked me for letting him suck your tit, and said we should come by when it’s not so busy –say on a Wednesday.”

“And what did you say?” I asked.

“I said I’d have to see in that was OK with you,” said Jim.

“So, you’d probably like to watch that young stud fuck me, right? Well, I think this little fantasy of yours is getting out of hand,” I figured. 

“Hey, I didn’t see you objecting back there!” Jim recalled.

I sat quietly while Jim drove us back home. Trying to shake off the effects of the Martini’s, I closed my eyes, only to be treated to visions of Josh sucking my boob and Jennifer jacking off my husband. I felt my juices leaking out, as I recalled how erotic it felt when Jim pretended he was another man fondling me. These naughty sensations only served to excite me more. All sorts of nasty, lurid ideas flashed through my head. I simply couldn’t deny their attraction.

“So Jim, this guy you know from work –tell me more about him,” I said, watching his smile forming.

“Well, his name is…” he started.

“NO, don’t tell me his name. I don’t want to know that; just describe him,” I prompted him.

“He’s probably in his thirties. He’s tall, dark and well built. He is rather attractive and is single. Why, are you interested?” asked Jim.

“Hmmm, I suppose there wouldn’t be any harm in MEETING him,” I answered cautiously.

“GREAT! I’ll set it up for Wednesday and have you meet him at the bar. I’ll join you two later, you know, just to make sure everything is OK.” Said Jim eagerly.

“Sounds like you’ve got this all worked out. How long have you been planning this, you pervert?” I smirked.

He laughed.

“I’m not promising you anything, Jim!” I reminded him.

“I know. I know. If you’re not happy with him, we won’t take it any further,” he assured me.

“OK, so how will I recognize this guy?” I asked.

“Tell you what. I’ll have him wear a Pittsburg Steeler’s cap. And, you should wear what you’ve got on now –very sexy!” He suggested.

-----------

The deal was set. As the week wore on, I wondered how I ever agreed to such an idea. Jim and I weren’t swingers, by any stretch of the imagination. Our fantasy games, although sexy and fun, had never included others. What would this guy think of me? Worse yet, what would he expect from me? I decided there was no way I was going to let him fuck me. If I really liked this stranger, I’d let him feel me up or kiss me; that would surely be enough to make Jim happy. I dressed as my husband suggested, with the addition of a bra and panties. Downing a few shots of Vodka for extra courage, I took off for the bar.

Not wanting to appear too whorish, I only left my top button open, as I entered the dark little tavern. Josh sat with his feet propped up on the bar, looking as young and handsome as the other night. Seeing me, he sprang to his feet and gave me the biggest smile. I returned his smile with a flirty one of my own and noticed the place was empty, except for a man seated at the end of the bar. I could only see the back of the dark haired stranger, but guessed him to be in his mid-thirties. A slight chill went through me when I caught sight of a Steeler’s cap next to him on the bar. This had to be the guy. Taking a long breath, I sauntered down to the end of the bar. He seemed intent on watching some football game on TV, and only noticed me when I took a bar stool next to him.

“You must be rooting for Pittsburgh,” I said nervously.

 “Why yes Ma’am, I sure am. How could you tell?” He said, turning toward me.

 “I saw your cap,” I answered, staring up into his dark brown eyes.

His eyes lingered on mine, then quickly darted down to survey the rest of me. “Oh yeah, I guess that’s pretty obvious. So, are you a fan?” He asked with an attractive smile.

“No, not really. Football isn’t really my game,” I answered and playfully ran my fingers through my ash blonde hair.

“And, what can I get you tonight? How ‘bout a Martini?” Asked Josh from the other side of the bar.

“Yeah, get the lady a Martini and I’ll take another beer,” ordered the big man, before I could answer.

“Well, thank you kind Sir,” I smiled, letting my eyes roam down his muscular chest and up his powerful arms. “My name is Laura,” I offered.

“Mine’s Karl, pleased to meet you,” he returned and swiveled on his stool to shake my hand.

His huge warm hand wrapped around mine nearly twice, as he tightened his grip. He held on to my hand longer than necessary, just to get my reaction. I laughed nervously and slowly removed my hand. Hearing the familiar strains of an old country song, I turned to see Jennifer feeding the jukebox. Josh returned with our drinks. Considering Karl’s size and power, a wave of skepticism swept over me, but I trusted that my husband wouldn’t have set me up with just any kind of guy. I slurped down the strong Martini in no time.

“So Laura, if football isn’t your game, what do you like to do?” Asked Karl, lightly running his finger down my bare arm.

“My God, he’s coming on to me! Just hang in there girl!” I said to myself, feeling my body starting to heat up.

“I suppose one contact sport I like is dancing,” I said coyly, watching his finger make its way down my forearm to my hand.

“Well then, if we hurry, I’ll bet we can beat the crowd to that dance floor,” said Karl, taking hold of my hand again.

There was no crowd, of course. I decided that might be as romantic a line Karl could come up with, as I let him take me to the dance floor. I soon discovered there was little pretense with his dancing. Well over six feet tall, his huge frame smothered my 5-foot 5-inch body. Like being swallowed up by a grizzly bear, his large arms surrounded me and pulled me close. He was a good dancer though and before long I felt comfortable and surprisingly safe in his arms. The more we swayed together, I began to feel his dick pressing against my abdomen. By the song’s end, his hands were on my ass; pulling me tight against his erection.

“Hey, you’re quite the dancer Karl!” I said, pulling away from his grip. “Time for a refill, don’t you think?” I suggested, and escorted him back to the bar.

“Another round for the lady, Sonny,” commanded Karl.

I excused myself to the restroom, more to gather my head. Jennifer was coming out of a stall, as I came in. “Hi Laura. Doing a little slumming tonight?” She asked wickedly.

“Jen, you wouldn’t believe me, if I told you!” I said.

“Try me. I can believe about anything, after last week!” She answered, checking her appearance in the mirror.

“Oh yeah. That was fun!” I admitted.

“It was more than FUN! You guys got me horny as hell! I’ve never had thoughts about doing another woman, but when you touched me like that –WOW!”
