 It was a state of the art tanning and spa facility exclusively for women. Dana, the lead administrator, was frantically fumbling with her keys to open the salon. She was already 10 minutes late and all the massage therapists were looking at her and grumbling under their breath as she approached the office. This was not a good way to start the day, especially if she wanted that promotion to office manager. Here she was messing up one her most basic duties on her first day independently managing the office! How did she ever expect to get that job? The owners had gone away on vacation for the first time in two years and left Dana in charge on a trial basis as office manager. If they came back and liked what she had done while they were gone, the trial part of her title would drop away. This, however, was not a good way to start. Dana smiled awkwardly at the two Swedish women as she opened the door and held it open for them. They didn't smile back. Yes, this was definitely going to be a long week with those attitudes. As she followed in behind them, Linda, the receptionist and Beverly the administrative assistant bustled toward her with apologies and explanations on why they were late too. Dana nodded and smiled she couldn't yell when she was late herself. Plus she really didn't care about them. She just wanted to get to her desk and get something done right today so she could shake this bad start. Dana always had a saying "if the day starts bad, it will end badly," today her saying was more right than even she could have guessed. 

By 11:30 things had begun to shape up even though 4 appointments for the day had canceled. Two of the regulars, and her favorite clients had showed up for their appointments and tipped Dana in advance. Dana immediately showed them to their disrobing rooms, a long walk for Dana since each was on the opposite side of the building but with tip in hand she didn't mind. Cammy was going to be having a massage, exfoliation, seaweed wrap and tan and Rachel, a tan followed by a mud bath, hot stone treatment and facial. They usually made a day of it. 

The cancellations were actually a good thing as the electrical system generator was being installed today as well as the new security system and having work done on the place is not the best impression to make on new clients. Dana was coordinating lunch for the staff when the security system electricians arrived. She looked out the glass front of her office and almost dropped the phone as she stared at the men. Why were there so many of them? Six men had arrived in uniform, all toting tool boxes, electrical wire over their shoulders except for the man with the hat on. All he had was a clipboard and smug attitude. He stepped out from among the men and approached Linda at the receptionist's desk. Grinning like an idiot, she motioned back to Dana in the office as the Dana watched the two mouth words. Dana put the call on hold and walked out of the office to meet him. Linda excused herself and walked back to the copy room. He watched her walk away.

"Can I help you?" asked Dana.

"Ma'am, I'm here to make electrical updates to the generator at the Köming Spa. Is this the right place?" He leaned on the desk and ran his gaze over her slowly. He smacked his gum while he leered at her. 

"Yes you are, however we are not having a lot of work done. Why are there so many of you here? Surely the updates aren't that extensive? I'm concerned the work will bother the guests trying to relax." Dana spoke softly and nicely, but worry still crept through her voice. How would none of the guests notice all these men in work boots tromping around and talking loudly?

"Unfortunately, yes these updates are. The coding laws have changed since the first system was installed and we have to update that in order to make these minor changes. It's the law," he said smacking his gum the whole time. "If you could sign here we could get to work. We'll mostly be out back and on the roof so you or your guests won't see us much unless you are kind enough to bring us some, uh.... refreshments on this hot day," his eyes roamed over her body.

She couldn't believe it, this guy was flirting! Dana wasn't offended, he was a relatively attractive man with some nice arms, and good teeth but she wasn't interested, and besides she was at work and he had on a wedding band! She was relieved however the men would mostly be out of the way. She thought about his actual request and not the proposition behind it. She would send Beverly out in a few hours with some drinks if they were still here. It was a surprisingly hot day for late March in Laurel, Delaware. And she was beginning to feel her blouse and skirt stick to her body and she was indoors. Besides, they were known for their impeccable friendliness and service, it should extend to everyone. Who knows, he might tell his wife to come here.

"Fine," she reached for the clipboard and signed it not making any of her other thoughts known to the man. He ripped her off a receipt and corralled the men out the door. 

A few hours later, the hot day turned into sweltering, and up on the roof the men were dripping with sweat. They were grumpy. The heat and the unexpected complexity of this upgrade were taking the toll on the normally jovial crew. Sexual frustration also compiled their negative mood. Skylights installed in the tanning and changing rooms were giving the men frustratingly unfulfilling glimpses at the women that walked into the spa while they tanned in bikinis and occasionally nude. The discovery of the skylights was the worst thing that had ever happened to the man in the hat, Gary. None of his staff were focused, and he needed them on this difficult of a job. He wasn't even focused. He had a painful view of a blonde getting a massage from another hot blonde. He could see almost everything but the tint on the skylight would obscure the focus and every time he thought he might be able to see some goods she would be repositioned by the masseuse. He was getting pissed and his pants were getting tight. Maybe he wouldn't have been this horny if the wife was givin' it up at home. Well she was getting it tonight that was for sure, whether she liked it or not. 

Just as Gary was contemplating his approach on the Mrs.; Beverly bounded up the fire escape with a tray full of cheese and crackers, tomatoes, garlic purée and water bottles. A little wobbly on her heels and pulling on the hem of her short purple halter dress. She tapped Gary on the shoulder and he jumped almost hitting her with his electrical scissors. She ducked just in time.

"Geez! Who know delivering snacks was so dangerous. Next time you could say thank you instead," she smiled flirtatiously. Dana had left out the part about how cute he was! 

"Well next time you won't sneak up a man that has electricity in his hands on top of a roof." He grumbled at her but was pleased at the spread she presenting. Both actually, the one her chest and the one in her hands. He was wasn't however pleased about her timing, the men had just gotten in a grove going and calling them over now would mean another 30 minutes of them dicking around before they got back to work, at least.

"Sorry. But I called over to you. You didn't respond. My name's Beverly, I'm the administrative assistant and part-time nail technician here. Thought you might enjoy these. Maybe you could help me take this load off my hands. I'm very sensitive you know..." she smiled coquettishly. Oh yes he was definitely cute and she was not getting any action these days. She was going to get his number, oh strike that, wedding ring... maybe one of these other guys...

"Oh of course. I'm Gary, Beverly. Thanks for thinking of us. It's very hot today." Gary put down his tools and took of his work gloves. He took the tray from her and called the men over to where they were standing. All the men's eyes burned right through the dress Beverly was wearing. She was hot, and smiling at them. The men looked at each other. Each knowing what the other was thinking.

Gary tossed the water bottles to each man as they approached and flipped over a crate and laid the cheese and cracker tray on top of it. Men grabbed buckets and hard hats scattered around for makeshift chairs as they thanked Beverly for the food and drink. She smiled and shook each of their hands introducing herself. She was in heaven! A plethora of hunky men. Not all of them super hot but all had nice bodies, she was so boy-crazy at the moment, she wanted all of their numbers. She lingered on the roof. 

"Well I guess I'll be getting back downstairs since none of you offered me a chair or to join you after I slaved to prepare this for you," she started away.

"Wait," called Gary after her, "Please join us, we were rude. We aren't used to seeing such a pretty female, much less having her want to join our company." All the men had jumped up and offered her their seats while Gary spoke. 

She smiled. Worked like a charm. Oh yes, she was definitely getting a date out of this. She walked to the cutest man and let him help her onto his bucket. "Miguel right?" the man nodded at her. "Thank you Miguel". As she sat, Beverly realized it was a bad idea; her dress was so short that she practically flashed everyone as she reached the low bucket. She crossed her legs but that made the dress ride up higher. Miguel, still standing next to her, felt his eyes get big. Beverly noticed his stare, a little too sexy she thought. She made small talk with the men about the spa and they told her what they were doing on the roof. She frequently glanced back at Miguel hoping he would ask for her number. After about 10 minutes she realized that Dana would probably be looking for her, she was going to miss all of her lunch break and Miguel wasn't picking up any of her signals. She stood up with some difficulty but managing not to let all her goods hang out. 

"Alright boys, I've got to go. If I stay up here longer Dana will have my ass." She said.

Without thinking, Miguel blurted out "You should let me have it."

All eyes went to Miguel and then to Beverly. She was practically shoulder to shoulder with him when he said it and turned and let out a huge gasp. She turned to stand right in front of him and just when all the other men thought she was going to let him have it as she lifted up her hand, she clamped on the back of his neck and pulled his mouth down on hers. He had gotten some of her signals! She kissed him for all she was worth. Miguel dropped the water bottle in his hands and quickly grabbed her ass. She sat back into his hands and hopped up wrapping her legs around his waist. They kissed like that for a few minutes. The other men too dumbstruck to believe their eyes. Some hot chick had just straddled Miguel! Finally Beverly broke the kiss. She looked over her shoulder at the other men, "A little privacy please." The men shuffled to grab their things and walked away from the couple as they started to make out and dry hump. The men didn't go very far, they couldn't really go that far away on a roof to begin with, but none of them were going to miss any of the action. They all huddled around the 6 ft x 6 ft air conditioner unit to block their open staring. 

Miguel had dropped to his knees with Beverly's legs still wrapped around him and lowered her onto her back on the gravelly rooftop as the men had walked away, still keeping his kiss with her. Her short dress had hiked up to her waist when she straddled him leaving her ass exposed in her skimpy matching purple thong. She yelped as her ass cheeks landed on the gravel. Miguel pulled back for a minute and took of his shirt. He lifted her back up and placed the shirt under her butt and back. "I don't want to hear any complaints about gravel lodged in your butt, because I'm going to be in your butt."

She smiled with lidded eyes as she untied the halter dresses tie at the back of her neck, legs still wrapped around Miguel's hips as he unfastened his pants and pulled his dick out. He didn't bother taking them off, he wanted inside this sexy bitch now. Just as he got his dick out she pulled her now loose dress over her head and tossed it behind her. Unfortunately, she didn't look and it went over the edge of the roof and landed on Dana's car in the parking lot. 

Miguel licked his fingers and started for her opening. Probing it, he found her hot and moist. He leaned back out of the circle of her legs to get a good look at her pussy. Yes, a hot pink pussy was waiting and he was not going to keep it waiting. He spit on her cunt, grabbed her boobs and in one thrust was balls deep in Beverly. She let out a cry of pure ecstasy, and pure pain. She hadn't even had a chance to look at his dick and it was huge. Splitting her open, stretching her, the most she had been stretched in months. It had to be at least 7 or 8 inches, but what had taken her by surprise was how thick and heavy it was. As he pulled back out for another thrust she managed to pull herself together to look. It was thicker than her wrist! She smiled at him and reached down to touch her clit. She was going to cum, like she had never cum to before. Beverly leaned her head back and fondled her clit as Miguel pinched her nipples and squeezed her breasts to the rhythm of him pumping in and out of her. He was fucking her fast and hard. Ramming his shaft all the way to the hilt of her and pulling almost all the way out. Her ass was off the ground and she frantically squeezed her legs around him trying to get him deeper. 

He was pounding into her and using her breasts as leverage. He then bent down, forcing her ass onto the shirt that provided little protection from the gravel. He pulled her legs from around him and grabbed an ankle in each fist and used her sexy legs to guide himself into her hot cunt. She was writhing around, moaning his name and grabbing her breasts as he shoved his thick tool in and out of her. She came all over his penis, her vagina leaking as she spasmed on his cock. As Miguel felt Beverly's pussy squeeze and contract, it pushed him over the edge; he pulled out of her hot hole and coated her stomach with his jizz. He collapsed to the left side of Beverly, both were panting and out of breath as the other men gaped at them from behind the air conditioner, some stroking their dicks to the sight. Miguel slid the shirt from under her butt and used it to wipe her stomach down. He looked over at Beverly, not forgetting his promise and said "I am man of my word, I said I would be in you butt and I will be, I just need a few minutes."

Two of the workers, Luis and the intern, Henry, had pulled out their dicks and began rubbing them. They looked at each other and decided now was the time to make their move as Miguel rested beside Beverly. The two men approached and overheard Miguel tell Beverly he was going to give her anal too. That didn't seem fair when they hadn't gotten any. Henry was especially excited by the thought the hot brunette doing anal, he was a virgin and had never even gotten pussy, much less anal or even knew a girl in his school that would do anal! 

"Listen, sweet cheeks. I got plenty of good dick right here if ol' Miguel didn't give it to you straight. And I'm ready to go now." Holding his penis out for her to inspect, Luis said it as a proposition but he really didn't intend to take no for an answer. It was a good thing that Beverly was still horny. The slut spread her legs pushing Miguel away from her as she did to make room for Luis who was happily kicking off his pants. 

"Thanks Miguel. Maybe you can have you seconds after he gets a turn," purred Beverly. Miguel sat up and shrugged. "No thanks, I'm not really into sloppy seconds. But the other guys might be. Hey guys, she's open for business, come on over!" The other men began to come over.

"What!? I didn't say everybody. I just meant you and hi -- ," Beverly didn't get to finish as Henry, the youthful virgin intern, unceremoniously crammed his monstrous 11 inch penis into Beverly's open mouth at the same time Luis pushed into her muffling her cry of fulfillment. She hadn't been looking in his direction and he didn't have the courage to ask like Luis. He figured he would just start and if she bit him he would make it hard for her. Luis was pumping into her pussy hard now and Henry had forced her head back onto the ground with the eagerness of his thrusting. He went from kneeling over her right shoulder to practically sitting on her chest by the time the other men had reached the trio with their cocks out. He was fucking her mouth like it was a pussy and she could only be heard moaning and making gurgling sounds. She couldn't have bit down in protest if she had wanted to, the dick was so thick and long it was stretching her mouth as wide as it could go and touching the back of her throat. Plus, it was very difficult for her to think about the penis in her mouth with another one pounding her vagina. Luis was practically as long as Miguel but thicker! He was so wide she was having a hard time taking him in even with her pussy so wet and stretched by Miguel's fucking.

"Listen baby, you didn't really think you were getting off this roof only fucking me and the pretty boy did you? That option left as soon as you threw your dress off the roof."

Beverly gasped and pushed Henry back, unsuspecting, he fell back a bit freeing her mouth. "Where is my dress you dick? What did you do with it?" she was angry and screaming now.

Luis pulled out of her all the way and pushed Henry to the side so he could look her in the eye. "You threw it over your head you whore. Now, if you are a good girl we might just go get it for you when we are done with you. And just so you remember real good mamí," Luis grabbed the back of Beverly's knees forcing her legs wide apart, showcasing her tight cunt for all the men that had gathered around behind him to see, "THIS (thrust) is the DICK (thrust) that is FUCKING (thrust) your CUNT (thrust)!" Luis punctuated his words by thrusting in so hard and powerfully that Beverly could barely breathe with the impact. The thrust on "Cunt" especially took her breath away but the pain gave way to pleasure and Beverly squirted her appreciation all over Luis's groin. The men laughed and high-fived each other and Luis seeing that she liked it rough took off the safety, and began to fuck the holy hell out of her pussy. He was like a man possessed. The other 5 men just watched him as he drove his penis into her like a jackhammer. Each amazed at the speed and power behind each of his massive thrusts and her vagina for being able to hold the entirety of his tremendous penis. 

Luis was getting tired though and after about 15 minutes of fucking her pussy like he was drilling for oil, he stopped balls deep in her vagina, laid completely on top of her and rolled over onto his back. Beverly was surprised about the sudden change, but after the intense hammering she had just taken, she was happy to be on top for the chance to control some of the thrusting. Her excitement was short-lived though as Tony the burliest of the men, walked up behind her and pushed her back down so her breasts smashed into Luis's chest. 

"Keep steady for a second there Luis. Let's see how much cock this bitch can really take. She seems to like one monster dick, let's see if she likes two!" he laughed. Tony then knelt between Luis's legs and with one hand on Beverly's back and one guiding his dick, he slowly began to push himself into her butt. He was going to fuck her butt!

"Wait, wait!" Beverly was screaming. "It's too dry back there! Lube up with something." Beverly hadn't even tried to dissuade the man, she knew from the look on his face that he was going to force her to do her first double penetration. Besides his penis was of the much more normal variety, about 7 inches long, maybe a little smaller and not as thick as the first two. 
