 Last week on my way home from Temptations the neon light of one of our local porn shops caught my eye. This isn't strange in itself; generally anything having to do with sex catches my attention without much effort. I've never been inside an adult book shop by myself, however, and for some reason on this particular night I decided suddenly to go in and check things out. It was already two in the morning but the parking lot was pretty crowded; the place was open 24 hours a day. I locked my car and went inside, wearing the shorts and halter top I'd thrown on after work.

The magazine and video section of the store was pretty crowded. Most of the clientele were men who avoided looking at each other but had no problem gawking at ME. There were a few couples there, including one with a gorgeous, sandy-haired guy. He was tall and built, but not bulging enough with muscle that he looked like he might crush some unlucky girl. He had one hell of a bulge elsewhere; though. Just looking at the front of his cutoff jeans made my mouth water. The girl with him was tall but incredibly slender. She had long, blonde hair that almost reached a perfect, pear-shaped ass. When she turned my way I caught a glimpse of eyes made incredibly dark by eye shadow and bright red lips. It was pretty obvious she wasn't wearing a bra; her nipples jutted out through the thin material of her tight shirt.

A couple of the guys in the store had gravitated in my direction, and I noticed the clerk glancing up at me every once in a while. I spent a few minutes browsing through the movies. I found one six hour tape with nothing but anal sex -- guys fucking their girlfriends in the ass, girls with different toys up their butts, girls with strap-ons fucking their boyfriends, etc. I must have licked my lips or something -- when I looked up from the back of the tape box, the nearest guy was stroking himself through his pants absent-mindedly. I smiled to myself and glanced around for the good-looking couple. They were disappearing through the curtained doorway to the movie booths.

Now, I'd seen plenty of porno movies, but I'd never watched one in a booth in a local bookstore before. The sign above the door said you had to buy at least $5 worth of quarters to enter. "What the hell," I told myself, and bought $10 worth. I didn't have anywhere to go, and this could be fun.

When I entered the dim arcade area the guy and his girlfriend were stepping inside one of the small booths. I heard the bolt slip into place and stood in the aisle for a minute, not sure what to do. I finally chose a booth of my own, right next to the couple. After locking the door behind me, I went to drop a quarter in the slot and realized that there was a large hole cut out of the wall separating my booth from theirs. In fact, both side walls in my booth had the hole cut out. It wasn't til much later that I found out this was intentional; the bookstores referred to these as "glory holes".

Squatting down beside the plastic chair, I peeked through the hole and was rewarded with a beautiful closeup of the blonde girl sucking her boyfriend's cock. She had her own shorts off and her shirt pulled up above her tits, and she was using one hand to pull at the longest nipples I've ever seen while her head bobbed up and down on one monster of a cock. The guy had one hand wrapped up in the girl's long hair; he was pushing her head up and down on his penis with it. The other was flipping through the channels on the monitor. I'm not sure that he was actually watching, though; his eyes were half closed the entire time.

The sight of the thick, bulbous head disappearing in and out of those bright red lips had me instantly horny. I got rid of my own shorts and panties and settled down again in front of the hole, watching closely as the girl craned her neck down and nuzzled her boyfriend's hairy balls with her nose and tongue. A thick drop of precum appeared at the tip of his cock and she rubbed it around with one hand, pausing momentarily to lick it off her fingers. Out of the corner of her eye she saw me watching and grinned; she was definitely enjoying this! What happened next really blew my mind, though. Without taking her eyes off mine, the girl in the next booth straightened her knees so that she was bent over at the waist, mouth on her man's cock, ass swaying right in front of my viewing station. My eyes were glued to her face as she released her nipple and sucked her middle finger in between her lips. Pulling it out slowly, she reached back and sank that finger all the way into her ass!

The boyfriend saw what his little slut was doing and started pulling her head up and down on his cock even faster. I could just barely see the back of her head past the side of her rump. His hand was still entangled in her hair, and he was fucking her mouth like he'd never get to again. The girl's pussy was literally dripping in front of me -- it was shaven clean and glistening with her juice. When her finger started pumping in and out of her little pink pucker, I couldn't resist. I wet my own finger with my tongue and reached through the hole, stroking the girl's ass tentatively to see if my participation was okay. When she didn't pull away, I slid my finger right up that tight little passage next to hers! My new friend's ass tightened for a second, then she shoved herself as far back onto my hand as she could! It was awkward, but I worked my thumb into her pussy and in a second the two of us were fingering both her holes. My other hand was busy between my own legs -- my clit felt like it was on fire, and I was ready to cum at any moment.

The girl's finger left her ass abruptly and I was left fucking her all by myself. I knew why in a second, though. Her legs started shaking abruptly and I felt her pussy clamp down tight on my thumb as an orgasm hit her. Thinking quickly, I pulled my thumb out of her slot and rubbed it across her little clit. Load groans, slightly muffled by a mouthful of cock, reached me through the wooden wall. I wiggled my finger around inside her butt and her tiny asshole spasmed a couple of times. Her pussy was cumming like a geyser; my hand was slick from all the juice pouring down her leg! Of course, my other hand was busy getting slick itself, working in and out of my own naked slot.

When the girl was finally done cumming she pulled away from my hand. I bent down again to peek through the hole and found her down on her knees, mouth open, tongue out. Her boyfriend had taken a handful of that beautiful hair and wrapped it around his cock! He wanked himself with that soft golden fleece slowly, the look on his face telling me how good that gorgeous hair felt on his prick. The girl had one hand back between her legs again, and the other was caressing his balls. As I shifted around to get a more comfortable position, I felt something hard poke me in the rump. Turning to look, I found a large, thick cock protruding from the hole on the other side of my booth! I was a bit shocked by this bold display, but I was also turned on by my neighboring couple. 

Tempting as it was to slide my pussy right back over that huge pole, I wasn't about to have unprotected sex with a totally anonymous stranger. Instead, I wrapped my fingers around my new friend and started pumping slowly. He must've gotten a head start back in his own booth; this new cock was simply pulsating and was obviously ready to burst. I picked up the pace a little and returned my view to the couple beside me. The girl's nipples were perked up again; they were more than an inch long! I could see the muscles in her butt flexing as she crouched on the floor of the booth, rubbing herself madly while her boyfriend stroked himself off on her hair. The cock in my hand twitched and I squeezed a little tighter, jerking off my anonymous neighbor a little faster.

The guy in the next booth let loose all at once -- he groaned loudly and huge drops of thick, white cream shot out onto his girlfriend's tongue. She lapped at the cum eagerly and got a faceful on the second burst. Small gobs of the gooey stuff were trapped in her hair, and an unbelievable amount was dripping down her cheek. Her boyfriend groaned again, slower this time, and began rubbing the cum around on her face with his prick.

Suddenly, the cock in my hand convulsed and I felt a warm spray of cum on my own face! My ear and the side of my neck were drenched in an unexpected torrent of jism! That did it for me; I almost fell over as an intense orgasm, spurred on by the hand on my clit, rippled through my body. A second blast hit me in the side of the face, and when I looked over I found my arm was speckled with the sweet liquid.

The dick from the next booth disappeared abruptly. I guess they just come to do their business and leave. I wasn't done myself, however! I sat back quickly on the plastic chair and spread my legs, shoving a couple of fingers into my warm slit while the other hand continued to dance around on my clit. A second wave hit me and I almost screamed. The feeling became even more intense when I noticed that either the guy or girl from the next booth was watching ME now! Whoever it was, I decided they were in for a treat. I turned the chair so that I was fully facing the little hole, then sat back down with my feet up flat on the wall. I'd lost a little steam while rearranging the furniture, but it only took a few strokes and pinches on my clit to build back up to an explosion.

I threw my head back and closed my eyes while my pussy rocked forward and back, scooting my butt forward on the chair. Through the haze of another cum I felt long nails caressing the inside of my thighs and I realized that the girl from the next booth was reaching through to add to my fun! Just the thought alone almost sent me over the edge again...I pushed myself even further forward on the seat and was rewarded with one fingernail teasing the little pucker of MY ass! Her fingers must have still been slippery from her own cum because without pausing my friend shoved two of them all the way up my backdoor and out again.

I went wild in the chair, almost losing my seat as she finger-fucked my ass over and over. Between her fingers in my butt and my hands on my clit, I felt like I was starting a new orgasm before each old one had finished! My friend's hand and the hard plastic seat were soaked pretty quickly as my slot overflowed with my lust. I don't think I've ever cum that many times in a row! I hardly noticed when the fingers departed from my ass and I was left alone again in my booth.

When I finally came to my sense and pulled my clothes back on, the neighboring booth was empty. A slip of paper on the floor by my chair caught my eye; however. I was pretty certain it hadn't been there when I first came in. The note read, "We can do a lot more with that beautiful pussy," and was signed, "Jamie and Bethany". They'd left a phone number as well. 

Between working my regular shift and getting another workout in the booths, I was exhausted as hell when I finally staggered back out into the bookstore. Jamie and Bethany were gone, but the note in my back pocket warmed my ass through my shorts. The guys in the store stared at me as I walked out, cum plastered to one side of my face, shorts soaked through where my pussy just wouldn't stop flowing. I just drove home and went to sleep, my new friends' phone number ready and waiting for the next weekend.