 It was Saturday night, the day after Lesley had surprised me for my birthday by setting Lisi and I up together in a hotel room after work. For those of you who haven't read my other stories, Lisi is the wild nineteen year old who's been sending me pictures and films of herself through email. Lesley, my best friend, is another stripper at Temptations. The three of us had one hell of a night on Friday, stuffing each other with strap-on cocks, driving our tongues into any hole we could find, that sort of thing. Lisi had ended the night by giving me a "birthday whipping" -- she'd really laid into me with a thin belt, but luckily my screams and cries had been muffled by Lesley's shaven pussy, plastered over my sticky face.

On Saturday Lesley and I both called in sick. Our boss was a little pissed, but he remembered that I'd worked on my birthday and didn't bitch too long. It didn't matter to me, anyway. Lisi was only going to be here a little while longer, and I intended on spending the entire night with her. We'd spent most of Saturday afternoon in bed at my place, two or three of us occasionally waking enough to rouse the others for a while. Sometime around four Lesley took off, telling me that she had "something else to arrange". I dozed again while Lisi browsed through the hard drive on my computer; I woke pleasantly to find her gobbling once again on my naked slit.

Lesley finally returned and, after a nice dinner with Lisi for desert, Lesley told me to get dressed. I went into my room and found the clothes my friend had laid out for me -- a pleated skirt that was so short it barely covered my ass, and a thin, white tank top. When I put them on the sides of my breasts were totally exposed; the shirt was so small it barely stretched to cover my nipples! I could feel the breeze from the air conditioner on my ass; when I turned to look in the mirror, I could actually see the bottom curve of my cheeks! I was wet again almost instantly, wondering where they were going to take me dressed like that. The only appropriate place I could think of was work!

When we got in the car I noticed that Lisi was carrying a large purse. She had on tight biker shorts and a button up the front shirt that was tied beneath her firm little tits. Lesley just wore cut off jeans and her bikini top; I figured we couldn't be going anywhere too formal. Turns out, I was right. When Lesley stopped the car we were sitting outside the adult book store down the road from Temptations!

"I read about your last trip here," Lisi told me, reaching over to stroke the side of my tit. I looked around; unlike my last trip here, the parking lot was full. "I thought you'd like to show your friends here that you've got a new Mistress."

The way she said that made my legs go totally watery. Here was this young girl, barely out of high school, letting me know that she was in control! The little bitch really knew how to hit my weak spot -- that commanding tone coming from such a beautiful little body left me with no thoughts of disobeying. I followed her out of the car meekly, and the three of us entered the book store. The clerk didn't bat an eye when Lesley exchanged some bills for an ungodly amount of tokens, but the rest of the store sure did! Every man in there, plus the one woman customer, stared at us as we entered the room with all the video booths. I think there was a stampede for tokens after we disappeared!

Lisi led me into one of the booths while Lesley entered the one to our left. I was starting to get really curious; did Lesley just want to watch the two of us? I started to peek through the hole between the booths, but Lisi pulled up my skirt and stung my ass with her hand. "Bend over the chair," she ordered, and I did so, gripping the back of the plastic chair with both hands while she dropped a number of tokens in the little slot. She dialed the channel selector until we were viewing a huge-chested woman being gangbanged by nine or ten guys, then I was told not to take my eyes from the screen. From Lesley's booth I could hear the exaggerated sounds of someone sucking on something...I was dying to have a look! Behind me, Lisi was moving around, then I felt the tip of her strap-on toy at the dripping entrance of my slot.

"Are you ready for the rest of your birthday present?" Lisi asked, teasing me with the end of the rubber cock.

"Yes," I answered. "Please, fuck me!" To my right, I saw movement through the other gloryhole. Someone was watching us, enjoying himself to no end, I'm sure. Then I gasped as the entire length of the strap-on cock slid up my hot pussy.

"I'm going to fuck you until you can't walk straight, slut," said Lisi, her voice loud enough to be heard in both our neighboring booths. From the left I heard a rhythmic thumping and I knew that Lesley was getting fucked by someone! "I'm going to fuck your pussy and your ass, and you're going to suck off every dick that comes through that wall!"

My knees nearly buckled at that and I glanced to my right. The thin light coming from the other booth flickered as someone moved around in front of the hole, then a long, hard cock was passed through to our side. Lisi saw it and pulled at my hips, twisting me to face the right hand booth. She gave an extra hard thrust with the strap-on to push my head into the correct position. I couldn't quite reach it, so I lowered myself to my hands and knees and slid my lips over our anonymous neighbor. Lisi followed me down, propping herself on one knee to continue ramming my tender slot. It didn't take long for the dick in my mouth to start pulsating, so I started stroking it with my palm and turned to look at Lisi.

"Spray it on your face," she directed, and slapped my ass with her open hand. I turned back eagerly and wanked twice before the thick, white cum was shooting onto my cheeks. The guy must not've cum in a long time; my face was literally covered with goo. I continued to pump until he was done, then let him withdraw back into his booth. Through the hole I could see him zipping his trousers back up, then disappearing out the hole. It didn't take long for someone else to take his place, though. I watched the new guy play with his zipper uncertainly for a moment, then I cried out as Lisi pulled out of my cunt unexpectedly.

"This one too," she said, and I shrieked as that huge toy sank into my tender bum. That decided the guy on the other side of the wall. He had his cock out in a flash and was dangling it through the wall -- it turned rock hard after only a second in my mouth. Lisi was pumping at my ass furiously with her strap-on and my lips were forced up and down the prick in my mouth with equal fervor. In a moment this guy was ready to cum too, and I pulled my mouth away to catch his seed on my face. His first shot hit the side of my face, plastering some of my hair to my neck. The second and third hit on the bridge of my nose and dripped down to run around the sides of my face, joining the deposit left by the first guy. Some of it collected at the top of my tank top and ran down the sides of my tits, which were simply heaving. The second guy disappeared as Lisi pulled out of my butt, much to my disappointment.

Lisi grabbed the back of my hair and pulled me into a kneeling position. "I know how much you want a mouthful of cum," she whispered, "but I'm not going to let some complete stranger cum in my beautiful slut's mouth!" Her long fingernails tickled the side of my exposed tit. "Go next door into Lesley's booth."

I and let my skirt fall back down to barely cover my abused cheeks, which Lisi pinched once more as I left the booth. I heard her lock the door behind me, then heard the slide bolt on Lesley's open. Stepping inside, I found Lesley and Russ, both of them naked from the waist down. "Oh!" I said, happily surprised.

"On your knees, slut," Lesley said. I knew Lisi was watching from the next booth as I got down on my knees again and reached for Russ's cock. "Not there," Lesley said, laughing, and lifted one foot up onto the available chair. I understood in a second and shifted around to plant my face against Lesley's shaven cunt. Her lips were blazing hot and engorged with blood; I knew she must have taken one hell of a pounding from Russ's big prick! Sticking my tongue up her slot, I tasted the salty liquid he'd left behind. Lesley sighed and my mouth was suddenly filled with his cum, mixed with the sweet taste of my friend's cunt!

"Now, back in the other room," Lesley ordered. I almost protested, wanting to lick her beautiful pussy more, but Lesley began to reach for my skirt and Russ's discarded belt. I stood quickly, and returned to Lisi.

Lisi had removed the strap-on from her waist and was sitting in the little chair, legs sprawled out in front of her. The cum on my face and chest was starting to dry, leaving my entire face tacky and my hair stuck to the side of my neck. "Squat down," she ordered me, holding out the big dildo with the straps dangling from it. I took it, and squatted on the balls of my feet. The wall had already grown another cock, I noticed as I turned to face Lisi's crotch.

"Not this way," she said. She continued stroking her slit with one hand, pointed at the cock with another. "And get down on that thing, now!"

I obeyed without hesitation, setting the base of the rubber dildo against the floor and impaling myself on it. The cock in front of me twitched impatiently, so I leaned forward a bit and ran my tongue up and down the length. That's all it took! I couldn't believe it; before I was prepared, a stream of cum shot over my face. A thick rope of it stung my eye and soaked my bangs. Lisi was laughing crazily in the corner of the little booth, then I heard her gasp and moan as she hit an orgasm of her own. I thought the guy on the other side of the wall was never going to stop cumming. My entire face was covered by his jism alone, nevermind that of the first two guys. By the time he moved away, my head was covered with a thick sheen of gooey juice.

A sharp crack across my ass brought me back to my senses. Lisi's eyes were gazing into mine, glowing with lust. "You stopped fucking that dildo," she told me. I looked down as if I needed to see it to believe it. "You know what that means!"

I did know what that meant, and I got right to it. Pulling the fake prick out of my pussy, I re-set it against the ground and centered my well-stretched bumhole against the tip. Whimpering slightly, I lowered myself onto the strap-on, driving it into my ass, all the way to the base. In Lesley's booth the thumping had started again; I guessed Russ was fucking her right up against the wall! The light shifted through the hole in front of me, and soon another prick was dangling in my sights.

"You know what to do," panted Lisi, her fingers already busy between her legs again. I took the newcomer in my mouth right away, this time remembering to keep the rubber shaft busy in my ass. My poor butt was starting to get sore, but I kept at it, so stoned on lust that I couldn't stop. My tongue tickled the little hole in the tip of the my anonymous donor's cock. Bobbing my ass up and down, I licked and sucked as hard as I could on the fleshy shaft in my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the mushroom-like head for a moment before sliding my lips all the way down and caressing the end with the muscles in the back of my throat. Lisi's foot worked it's way under my butt and gave the dildo a boost, shoving it deeper than I thought possible into my rear, then I felt the prick in my mouth jump. Pulling back, I wanked him onto my face, revelling in the slippery feel of the cum dripping down my cheeks and chin. When he was done, I leaned back, exhausted.

Lisi was sprawled out limp in the chair. She'd cum at least once or twice more; I wasn't sure how many times. Looking up at my goo-covered face, she smiled wickedly, if tiredly. "Just one more for you to swallow," she said. "It's waiting for you in the next booth." Her grin was hiding something, I knew. Tired as I was, I was dying to find out what was in store. Before I'd even left the booth Lisi was moving for the little hole seperating us from Russ and Lesley.

My friend was ready and waiting when I entered her booth. Russ's face was covered with a broad smirk, and I could just make out Lisi's eyes through the little hole. "Ready for your last bite?" Lesley asked sweetly. I nodded and got on my knees, reaching forward to lick at her puffed out lips. Lesley threw her head back and enjoyed the sensation for a moment, but when I moved to slide my tongue inside, she stopped me.

Never taking her eyes from me, Lesley turned her back and bent forward at the waist. Her ankles slid a short ways apart and, still watching me over her shoulder, she reached back with both hands to spread the cheeks of her butt. The smallest drop of moisture was dripping from the swollen pucker of her ass, and I knew where Russ had left his last load of cum. 

Leaning forward eagerly, I set my lips around Lesley's little butthole and thrust my tongue deep inside. Sure enough, her tight tunnel was filled with the thick juice I loved so much. Lesley cried out when my slick organ invaded her bum and tensed for just a moment, then a river of cum was sliding out of her backdoor and across my lips. I could hear Lisi grunting and crying to herself in the next booth as I sucked Russ's cum out of my friend's ass, then Russ's fingers on my clit shocked me into the most incredible orgasm I've ever felt.

When I'd finally recovered enough to stand, Russ and Lesley pulled on their clothes. My chest and face were literally soaked in cum, but it didn't matter. All I cared about was getting back to a bed somewhere, where I could enjoy the hands and mouths of all three of them over and over again! Lisi met us in the hall outside the booths, and much to the disappointment of the other patrons, we left the bookstore. 

"I've got one more surprise for you," Lisi whispered as we piled into Lesley's car. She licked my ear, unmindful of the cum pooled inside.

"What is it?" I moaned, not sure if I could handle any more surprises.

Lisi's hand went to my tits as Lesley pulled out of the parking lot, trying hard to split her attention between the road and the rearview mirror. "My birthday's next month," Lisi whispered.