 A couple of weeks ago I was playing around on the Web when my email program flashed for incoming mail. My heart skipped a beat and my nipples hardened instantly when I saw who the mail was from. A girl named Lisi had written to me a few times after logging on into Mistysex. Each letter had an avi file attached, short clips of Lisi enjoying herself in her bedroom.

I eagerly loaded up the new movie and got out one of my favorite vibes. The clip started out with a close-up of Lisi's head -- she had thick, beautiful chestnut hair that framed an angular face with high cheekbones and narrow, sultry dark eyes. The camera must have been propped on her night stand or something. Lisi smiled into it and licked her lips, then her hand appeared in the screen with one of those huge, flexible, double ended dildos in it! One end of the toy disappeared into her mouth while I watched; her tiny lips could barely stretch around the entire head! Only ten seconds into this video and I was already breathing hard...

Lisi slid the rubber cock in and out of her mouth for a short time and I could actually see her throat bulge out! She smiled at me again around the huge toy, then withdrew it from her mouth. I was practically panting already, anticipating what was coming next. Sure enough, Lisi scooted around on the bed until the camera had a nice close-up of her pussy from behind. Her pussy, shaved like mine, was already glistening. Her cute little asshole seemed to be shiny too on the screen; I realized after a second that Lisi had prepared herself for some real fun with this toy! A little pre-orgasm wave rippled through my stomach and I turned the vibrator up a little higher, just barely touching my quivering clit with it. On the screen, Lisi reached back with both hands and slide at least eight inches of that giant toy deep into her little slot.

A loud "Ohhhh!" came from my speakers and I moaned along. Lisi began pumping one end of the rubber cock in and out of her pussy and her voice rose in volume. I shoved my vibe all the way up my dripping slot in one quick push; it crashed against the wall of my pussy and I almost screamed with pleasure. Meanwhile, Lisi groped around for the free end of the doubleheader. I held my breath as she found it, zeroed in on her gleaming little pucker, and slid the second cock right up her ass!

Lisi actually did scream this time, and I nearly did with her. Her ass and pussy were distended around that huge toy like you wouldn't believe; as she slid one end into her slit her ass would tighten around the other and pull out towards the camera. Then, she'd plunge that huge head right back into her little butthole and the lips of her pussy would cling to the edges of the rubber monster, trying to suck it back inside. I was fucking myself furiously with the vibrator, rubbing at my clit and trying desperately to find an orgasm while Lisi moaned and cried out on my monitor.

All too quickly the avi ended. I was treated to a still shot of Lisi's rump with the big double cock still imbedded in her pussy and ass. Frustrated, I was about to set it to auto-replay when the strangest thing happened. The words, "Happy Birthday, Misty! -- Love, Lisi" appeared on the screen. I was puzzled; my birthday was a week away, but I didn't remember ever telling Lisi that. Still, the warmth spreading through my pussy and thighs reminded me that there was a less mysterious problem at hand. I set the movie file to play endlessly and was just starting to get the rhythm going again when I felt a hand on my shoulder.

I screamed and sat bolt upright in my chair. Behind me, my friend Jason was practically laughing his ass off. I'd forgotten that he was coming by to use my scanner! There I was, nude in front of the computer, watching another woman get herself off while I fucked myself with a vibrating toy. To make things even worse, Jason had brought a friend with him! The other guy was fidgeting quietly beside Jason, trying politely not to gawk at my naked body. I felt myself blush from my cheeks down to my nipples. On the computer, Lisi continued to writhe and moan.

"I guess you forgot I was coming over," Jason said, smirking. He was devilishly cute, and even though we'd never fooled around, I definitely wouldn't mind! "If I'd known you were going to be busy, I would've left Russ at home."

A wicked thought crossed my mind, surprise, surprise. "Well, I wasn't expecting the two of you," I said, casually setting down the vibrator and reaching for Jason's zipper, "but I'm sure we can make Russ glad he came." I smiled again and twisted around in my chair, drawing Jason's not-so-soft penis out of his jeans. He stepped around the side of my chair, still grinning, and watched Lisi bury the rubber cock in her pussy from behind. I craned my neck forward and slipped my lips over the real thing in front of me, savoring the feel of Jason expanding as he hardened on my tongue. Russ still hadn't said a word, but he wasn't about to pass up the opportunity when I reached one hand toward his crotch. He stepped forward and unbuttoned his pants, pushing jeans and underwear to the floor.

Jason's cock was fully hard now and I bobbed my head up and down it, licking all around the shaft and letting the head bump the back of my throat. He put both hands on the back of my head and laced his fingers through my hair, guiding my motion a little bit, forcing my mouth all the way down his penis until my tongue was tickling the skin right above his sac. In my left hand I felt Russ -- he was simply huge! I swear, his balls were the size of golf balls, and his cock just wouldn't stop growing in my hand!

"Suck on my balls," Russ said, his voice deep and commanding. My stomach flip-flopped; I'm normally a pretty strong-willed person, but an aggressive guy is a real turn on. Russ turned me around in the correct position for my chair, then tilted it back until my head was level with the floor. I found myself staring up at Russ's cock as he straddled my face, then I felt Jason working my abandoned vibe back into my neglected slot. Sticking out my tongue, I lapped eagerly at Russ's balls and was rewarded with a deep groan from above. His prick was huge and solid, resting on my chin and the base of my neck. I put started pinching my nipples with my fingers and revelled in the feeling of the vibrator in my pussy as I sucked one of those huge orbs into my mouth.

"God, you should've introduced me to her a long time ago," Russ told Jason. He put one hand under my head and used the other to lift his balls clear, allowing me to lick at the sensitive skin between the base of his cock and his asshole. I did so happily, squealing with delight when Jason's tongue brushed up against my clit.

Russ shifted position again and I started to lave his cock with my tongue, licking from the base to the tip of the head and back again. On the second trip up to the head his giant erection twitched and I got a large spurt of cum right on my lower lip and chin! I swirled it around on my lips, tasting the salty flavor. A second load followed the first and I swallowed eagerly. I was hoping this wouldn't be the end of Russ's performance; I was dying to get that huge cock inside me. Still, a mouthful of cum from that monster was worth the rush...he pumped the remainder directly onto my tongue and I felt it overflowing and running out of the corners of my lips.

"I think I see what she really wants," Jason remarked. I could tell by the sounds on the monitor that Lisi had just slipped the second end of that toy into her ass, and my legs started to tremble. I've been fucked in the ass before, but never at the same time that somebody was in my pussy! Russ pulled his gorgeous prick away from my face while I was licking the last vestiges of cum from the shaft, then Jason was dragging me to my feet.

Russ dropped into my chair, stroking the huge erection that hadn't lost a bit of hardness. "She's a great little slut," he said, talking about me as if I weren't even there. "We should come use the scanner more often." Without even asking me, Jason guided me over to where I was straddling Russ's legs, pussy poised above that big cock. I sank down on it without being told, gasping as its girth stretched the walls of my pussy. Russ sucked one of my tits into his mouth and licked at the hard nipple. I twisted in his lap wildly, trying to force my pussy to accomodate the size of his prick. When I finally felt his pubic hair tickling the insides of my thighs, I thought I was going to burst.

Russ hit one of the levers beneath the chair and tilted the back as far as it could go, clasping his hands behind me so I was pulled down with him. I felt Jason's hands on my cheeks and started to panic, but Russ bucked upward and his pubic bone mashed against my clit, sending a wave of pleasure roaring through my lower body. Luckily, Jason had found the bottle of lubricant I keep in the toybox. I felt his greasy finger teasing the reluctant opening of my ass, pushing and prodding inside, spreading the slick stuff all over. I was just starting to enjoy his invading finger when it disappeared, replaced instantly with the head of his cock.

"Not yet," I protested, ready to beg for more finger action back there. Jason ignored my request and popped the head of his cock inside my backdoor. I sucked in my breath and reared up, pulling halfway off Russ's cock. Jason was nice and slender, however, there wasn't much pain as he slid an inch or so into my well-lubed ass.

"You want it as hard as that chick, don't you?" asked Jason, his hands on my hips as he slowly worked two inches of cock in and out of my butt. Russ pulled me back down, forcing every last millimeter of his giant shaft into my stretched pussy.

"Yes, please," I cried. Lisi was screaming with pleasure on the monitor. "Fuck my ass -- fuck my ass and pussy, hard!"

Jason obliged instantly, shoving the entire length of his cock into my ass. I felt him rubbing against Russ's cock through the thin membrane that separated my two chambers; the base of his prick forced my soft cheeks apart as he entered. The two of them began alternating thrusts, tip to base, pumping in and out of both my holes.

"This chick is awesome!" Russ told Jason before biting down hard on my nipple. "I'm ready to cum again!"

Jason slammed his cock into my ass hard enough to make my jaw snap shut. "Don't cum in her pussy," he said. "She likes it on her face!"

"Oh, God," I said, totally impaled between these two guys. I reached back and felt the outline of my ass, stretched tight around Jason's cock. Suddenly, he pulled out of me and lifted me entirely off the chair and Russ's cock.

"Get on your knees," Jason told me, fisting his erection furiously. I obeyed without hesitation, dropping to my knees as Russ stood up.

Within seconds the two were shooting their cum all over my face, one from each side. I opened my mouth and tried to catch some on my tongue, but most of it got my cheeks and forehead, then dripped down towards my tits. I hadn't cum but my pussy was tingling wildly. Thick, white drops of cream slid from my lips to my neck, and down across my nipples. I started to scoop it up with my fingers and lick them clean, but Jason stopped me. He found my digital camera and took a number of pictures of me with my cum covered face.

"I've got to get going," Russ said. I was appalled but a little turned on at the way he totally ignored my presence. "We should come back later, though. I want a chance at her ass."

My butt warmed at the thought and I found myself eager for Russ to return and have his way with me. Jason, being an old friend, was a lot more gentlemanly, but I'm afraid I hardly noticed. After promising to print out copies of my most recent cumshots for them, I shooed the two out the door with that delicious liquid still drying on my face. Fantasies of being treated as a slut/slave for these two kept popping into my head, and it was damned difficult to keep my mind on work for the rest of the day...