 Hope you enjoy this one, I was going to enter it in the holiday contest but decided not to. Like always, I like constructive criticism and if you e-mail me I try to respond quickly. Be warned the slash and burn comments will be deleted as soon as I see them. Sorry about the mistakes I'm still trying to find an editor.

*****

Let me tell you about a party we had a few years back. Every year at our house my wife Dawn and I hosted a Christmas party for my employees. This one particular party was going to be the last one though because I had sold my company to a guy that had a pocket full of cash.

I was retiring, I wasn't that old, maybe a bit of grey showing, but the money was enough that Dawn and I could take life easy as long as we watched our money and didn't get carried away and spend it extravagantly.

The guy that bought me out was taking over in the New Year, and I had already moved all my stuff out of the office and had been showing him the ropes of how the company worked. My employees jobs were secure because of the way the business worked and they all were needed to keep things running smoothly.

With the money Dawn and I had decided to splurge a bit and get one big treat each. Dawn couldn't make up her mind what she wanted but I had bought her the one thing she had been wanting for many years. I had to go to an auction to find a good cherry red, fifty seven thunderbird convertible. I spent a bit more than I wanted but I knew I would accumulate a lifetimes worth of brownie points for it. Myself I wanted a small place in the backwoods where I could just sit and watch the birds and wildlife. I had been looking for a while now and thought I found the perfect place.

For the party we had done up the house in the usual holiday decorations, and of course there were the mandatory five or six clumps of mistletoe hanging around. We ended up with ten single guys and five couples as guests. That meant there were a total of 16 guys once you included me and including Dawn there was six women.

My employees were a tight knit group and socialized quite often, so everyone felt comfortable around each other. In past parties there had been a lot of fun and flirting, but right from the start of this one I could feel something else too. It almost felt like there was a force in the air just waiting to burst forth. I was busy being the designated bartender so I could talk to everyone as they came up for more refreshments. Since it was the holiday season, and I was paying for the cabs, all the drinks were made pretty strong. Dawn played the part of the hostess making sure everyone had plenty of snacks plus she spent a lot of time chatting with everyone.

We had a catered meal which was on the main floor. We had so many guests the dining room wouldn't hold everyone so the caterers had brought some more tables which extended from the dining room into the front room. The meal, like always was very filling. There was turkey, dressing, veggies, potatoes, a lot more wine than necessary, plus all the other things that made for a great feast. Once that was out of the way, everyone adjourned to the basement rec. room again for the rest of the evening.

Once everyone was in the rec. room, most of the guys gravitated to the bar and were passing on their bull shit. The single guys were bragging about their latest conquests and the married guys, not to be outdone were bragging about what their wives were like in bed. The women were all on the other side of the room having their hen party. I could tell they were talking about us because they would put their heads together then they would look over at us and start giggling.

As the evening went on I realized I didn't have the right physical attributes to stay popular with the guys. I was male and didn't have tits or a pussy, so the guys slowly abandoned me and were standing around the room in groups of two's and three's. It finally dawned on me why they were spaced about the room. They all were congregating around those clumps of mistletoe. Whenever some female got even close to some mistletoe, there were always a couple of guys grabbing her arm and dragging them under the mistletoe wanting their kisses. It was almost a contest to see which of the guys could get the most kisses from the girls.

At first the kisses were fairly innocent, but the guys were getting bolder with the kisses and it didn't seem to matter if the girl was married or not. The women didn't seem to be complaining though, and if truth be known some were even going from one clump of mistletoe to the other.

Everyone had had more than their share of drinks and the girls were all laughingly carrying on and giggling when they got their kisses. They looked and acted like high school kids that had gotten away with doing something naughty. I watched as my wife Dawn was getting more than her share of kisses. She was acting totally out of character by seemingly liking the attention by willingly giving as good as she got. 

As time went on I noticed that the kisses were lingering pretty long and there now seemed to be some tongue action taking place. To my amazement none of the girls were complaining or trying to resist the advances the guys made. With there being no resistance from the girls all the guy's hands were soon wandering more and more, and there was more than one girl who had her tits squeezed, or ass grabbed.

Things took a real turn when Dawn got caught by a group of three married guys. They surrounded her so she couldn't get away and they were kissing her aggressively. I also saw that as well as kissing her they were molesting her pretty good. I noticed her blouse fall to the floor followed by her bra. Some of the other guys noticed the action with Dawn so they must have decided if it could happen to her why not the rest of the girls. Soon there were more clothes on the floor and a few topless girls to boot.

I sort of had a concern about where this was going. Mind you I always had a fantasy of watching Dawn with other guys so I was sort of hoping things would go further. Since the girls were outnumbered two to one and they all seemed to be enjoying the attention I decided to sit back and watch. No one was forcing anyone to do something they didn't want. Heck, the girls in some instance were being the aggressive ones so I figured if they were having fun this night could prove to be a guy's wet dream.

I had watched a fair bit of porn in my life and the amateur ones with the husband watching as his wife took on a cock or two, or even a bunch of cocks, were the ones that turned me on the most. Dawn knew those films turned me on, so when she made it over to me, topless of course, I smiled as I asked her if she was enjoying the party. She said she was having a blast. I then asked why she was acting so promiscuous and told her that I thought things were getting out of hand and she could find herself doing things she would regret. She gave me a pouty look and teased me by saying, "Aren't you the one that gets off on porn where the wife gets fucked by other guys. You never know maybe its better in the flesh than on a video. I'm having fun and as a Christmas present to you I'd like to see if you truly like watching your wife get fucked. We'll never see these people again so let's just go with the flow and see what happens."

That comment set me back a bit and I had to admit I had never seen this side of my wife before. She had always been passionate in the bedroom with me, but in public she acted demure, and her acting like this was a bit of a shock. I didn't know how far things would go that night, but my cock jumped as I thought to myself that I was willing to see just what Dawn was going to allow.

I watched Dawn head back across the room and as she joined a few guys they made room for her in their group. I also noticed that the pile of clothes on the floor was getting to be pretty large. I took another look around the room and there sure were a lot of near naked bodies molesting each other.

That's when my dirty mind thought of something. I envisioned having a lot of jerk off material from this night for later, so that's when I ran to the mechanical room and activated the security cameras. That security system was top of the line but hardly ever got used. I was sure glad I had it. I had to bring home some sensitive material from time to time and the security system was a way of protecting that stuff. It had more bells and whistles and as a bonus it had two or three micro cameras in every room in the house and enough memory to record every one of them for twenty four hours. I activated the system for the whole house to record as long as the thing could. On the way back to the party I was thinking that security system might be the best idea I ever had.

I had a hard on thinking I might get lucky and record not only my wife, but all the wives fucking in front of a camera. I soon was again caught up watching the action around me.

My eye caught some action by the doorway on the other side of the room. Kurt and Prentice had Dawn backed against a door jamb with their hands giving her c cup tits a work out. That caused my cock to spring to full hardness. I blinked and the two of them were both sucking on a nipple and she was bending back giving them better access.

That's when I concentrated on Dawn. She wasn't trying to get away from the guys and was holding onto them tightly as if to encourage them more. My mind was whirling as I thought, that's my wife. I never knew she could be like this, and here I am watching her and my hard on won't quit.

Kurt and Prentice continued to suck on her tits as their hands started roaming on her body. Kurt then unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Dawn was now only wearing a G string, heels, and her suspender belt that was holding up her thigh high stockings.

I almost couldn't believe that I was watching my wife having her tits mauled, by two guys, who also had their hands roaming her ass and inner thighs. I was rubbing my cock through my pants watching the spectacle unfolding in front of me. I just had to undo my pants and pull them off which let my cock free. Now I could stroke it easier.

Every girl in the place was busy with two guy's hands and mouths all over their bodies. The girls may have all been married, but I noticed only one was busy with her own husband. The rest were with anyone but their husbands. Kurt and Prentice continued having their way with Dawn and when they finally let Dawn go she looked and saw that the two of them had erect cocks standing at full attention pointed straight at her.

Charley, who was naked and holding his erect cock tightly in his hand came over to them and said he wanted to join in. Without hesitation Charley pulled Dawn to him and shoved his tongue down her throat. He probed her mouth searching for her tonsils. Kurt and Prentice went off to join in with some of the other girls as Daryl, who had also ditched his clothes, arrived and kneeled down behind my wife. He reached around her and pulled down her G string leaving her naked except for her suspenders, stockings and heels. Dawn was squirming weakly as he then stroked her pussy. Charley then sucked her nipples as Daryl was sliding his finger up and down between her moist pussy lips. She even spread her legs to give him better access.

All I could do was to find the best view and enjoy the sight while I jerked my member that was already beginning to ache. Daryl on his knees turned Dawn and started to feverishly lick and suck her cunt burying his tongue in as far as it would go as he flicked his tongue over her clit.

Dawn started moaning loudly completely lost in the emotions. Daryl was vigorously licking her clit and Charley was devouring her tits. Dawn grabbed the back of Daryl's head and tried to push it even further into her pussy as she loudly exclaimed, "Right there, right there, oh fuck yeah that's it."

With those words you could tell whatever inhibitions she had left were gone. Everything seemed to be in a frenzy as the evening was turning into an all out orgy. I couldn't believe it. Here it was only about ten in the evening and not only was my wife engaging in carnal acts right in front of me, but the rest of my employees had their own orgy going on too. I just leaned over the bar and watched all the women being sexually assaulted by at least two guys, and all I wanted to do was stroke my throbbing cock as I watched.

Daryl and Charley laid Dawn down right in the middle of the floor. They then continued their assault on her body. Some others came over to watch and you could see Dawn's eyes looking from one cock to another. Her body started to buck as she came because of Daryl's tongue, and her eyes rolled back as she quivered and came.

Daryl pulled his tongue from her and Charley on his hands and knees moved up towards her head and rubbed his big cock against her lips. Daryl moved up until the shaft of his cock was resting against the swollen lips of my wife's pussy. He looked at me and then slowly started moving his pelvis back and forth rubbing the full length of his man stick against her juicy cunt. Using his fingers he opened her folds as he made his cock nice and wet. Daryl was pushing the right buttons because my wife opened her mouth and Charley who had been waiting quickly shoved the enormous knob on the end of his cock past her lips and into her mouth.

Dawn caught by surprise gagged as Charley didn't hesitate to pump her mouth with his cock. Daryl was looking at me as if confirming it was OK. I smiled giving him permission and he lifted his ass and arched his back to get the head of his cock pushing forward just enough to open the lips of Dawn's pussy. He then slowly pushed until just the head disappeared into her. He held it there for a moment, never breaking eye contact with me, and pushed until he hit bottom. He then vigorously began fucking her. Dawn now was sucking Charley as Daryl slammed his member into her as deep and hard as he could.

Dawn was raising her ass off the floor as Daryl would slam himself into her violently making a loud clapping sound on each stroke. Daryl didn't last too long and he tensed up and shoved himself as deep in her hole as he could and let out a groan as he dumped his load into her.

I took stock of myself just then. Here I was watching a couple of guys using my wife and all I was doing was stroking my meat. I wondered about my response. I knew my body was dictating my response because it was overcome by the stimulating show in front of me. After thinking about it for ten seconds I resigned myself to the fact that this was better than watching any porn show ever made. If my wife being used like this turned me on I wasn't going to complain and just enjoy the show.

I looked around again and every girl was being worked over by two guys. Some were being spit roasted, some on their knees sucking cock and another acrobatic one was even being hung upside down with her legs over a guy's shoulder's as he licked her ass, and another guy was fucking her inverted mouth. By now Charley pulled away from Dawn's mouth and climbed between her legs and he did not take it slow or easy on his penetration. He powerfully hammered his cock in as deep as he could go in one motion, which met with Dawn's loud approval.

By now all a guy could hear in the room was constant moans and groans, and passionate phrases like fuck me harder etc. The sound of slapping skin as bodies were frantically trying to get release was constant.

Getting back to my wife, Charley was pounding Dawn's semen filled pussy for all he was worth. Dawn was off on her own journey and on fire as that big cock slammed into her like there was no tomorrow. Kurt had been fucking a short blond, but he walked over and knelt down in front of Dawn and started to rub the head of his cock against her lips. You could tell Kurt was already worked up because as his cock rubbed her face and lips you could see the glossy sheen he was leaving on her face.

Kurt had the biggest cock I had ever seen. It must have been 8 inches long and as thick as Dawn's wrist. My wife reached up with her hand and wrapped it around that horse cock. She started working her hand up and down. While not losing any rhythm with Charley, Dawn opened her mouth as wide as she could so Kurt could insert his cock in her mouth. God it barely got past her lips. He was stretching her mouth to the limits.

Charley pulled out of Dawn's pussy and was replaced by Prentice's penis. He had come back to enjoy Dawn's body again. He soon was pounding her at a pretty fast pace and was building to his inevitable release. He was grunting as he slammed his cock into her and you could tell he was about to splash the inside of her with his seed. He was grunting, as he then started to yell out, informing everyone, "Ooh shit, here it cums. Fuck, I'm going to shoot a big one, oh god it feels so good, you ready for my hot spunk bitch?" His ass quivered as he came deeply in her.

This seemed to put Kurt over the top as he started bucking and cried out "oh yes, I'm going to cum in your throat, get ready to swallow it bitch". Kurt jerked rapidly and started dumping his own load in my wife's mouth as he yelled "oh yes I'm fucking cumming, swallow it you cunt, swallow it all bitch, and don't waste a drop." 

My wife had never been talked to like this before, and I expected her to be upset but she acted like she was getting off on it. If anything it seemed to stoke the fire more in her. The guys noticed her reaction to the slutty talk and whenever they were talking to her from that point on she was treated like a street whore. Kurt groaned and shoved all he could get in her mouth as he unloading several huge deposits. Dawn was gagging, but Kurt was holding her head as that huge cock thrust into her mouth. Streams of cum escaped her mouth and ran down her cheek as she continued gagging on his huge load. She caught her breath and after a bit of shuffling around Dawn now bent over the Prentice and Kurt as they lay on their backs. She soon was sucking them for all she was worth, trying to get them hard again.

I had been mostly watching Dawn's antics but had scanned the room a few times looking at everyone else's antics. It seemed all the girls had cum at least two times and they must have had enough because they were getting dressed and were coming over and thanking me for the party. I called for the cabs and they left for home. I noticed that all the wives left with someone that wasn't their husband and a couple of tem took two guys with them.

Dawn was still busy being spit roasted. After the people that were going to leave left Charley, Prentice, Kurt, Ricky, Richard, Dawn and I were the only ones left in the room. There was a brief rest period as everyone caught their breath. Mind you all the guys were still caressing Dawn as if to let her know there was more to come. My cock was telling me it hoped there was going to be more and I was looking forward to watching what everyone knew was going to happen.

Ricky started things again when he stuck his cock in Dawn's face. My wife opened her mouth immediately and took the whole piece of meat in her mouth and started working it in like a woman possessed. This mainly conservative wife I used to know had transformed into the whore in front of me and seemed like the fires in her body couldn't be extinguished.

She took Ricky's whole rod down her throat. He couldn't believe she was taking all of him with her mouth and had caught on to the fact that she liked the dirty talk so he said, "Oh god you're such a fucking whore. You slut, suck my cock. Make me cum bitch." You could see her working her tongue around his cock she took it down her throat. Ricky grabbed the back of Dawn's head and was only concerned about cumming. He cried out "Take it all you fucking whore," as his cock was making her gag. "Oh fuck that's it, I'm cumming down your fucking throat you cunt. Oh fuck, oh fuck here it cums, holy Christ here it cums, swallow it bitch." 
