 As I walked up the stairs, following Olivia, I couldn't help but ogle the way her firm ass swayed with every step. I also remembered the way that I followed her up another set of stairs, a year or so earlier. It was at a nightclub where we were all regulars, The Straylight. I was there with Dana, a grad student that I was dating at the time, and also in attendance were Olivia, Justin and a few other friends. Another night of youth to waste, and the music was deafening. But I didn't need to hear Olivia to recognize the simmering anger in her eyes. She had reached the top of the stairs, getting to a balcony that allowed us to look out over the dancefloor. Down below us, Justin was grinding up against an olive skinned girl that had been poured into a pair of leather pants. I don't remember her name ... I don't think she lasted that long. Still, on that night, she seemed the target of Olivia' silent fury.

At the time, Olivia and Justin had not yet gotten engaged, but everyone knew that their relationship was serious. And, everyone also knew that Justin still liked to play around. 

"You alright?" I asked her.

Olivia' bright green eyes shimmered beneath neon light and that brilliant glare turned to me for a moment before softening.

"I'm fine."

"No, you're not."

"I *will* be fine. It's just ... God."

She put her hand on my arm, and quietly guided me to the back exit. There was a fire escape, and normally an alarm would sound, but it was also the unofficial smoking pen; and the owner of The Straylight had quietly allowed the alarm to be disconnected so that smokers could come and go as they pleased. Olivia pulled me out there, and the music faded behind us as the door swung shut. A couple of other smokers were out there as well, minding their own business.

"you know," she said, continuing, "I know that he'll come home with me. That he loves me and he'll never leave. I know this. Deep, deep down. But you know, sometimes, I just wish that it would be like it was when we were first together and he only had eyes for me. Just for one night ... you know?"

"Why do you put up with this?"

Olivia smiled wryly as she considered the question, and I could tell she was winding up with a story. She usually made these endearing faces when she was about to come up with a story. It made me wonder if she used that knowingly in her day job as a public defender.

"When I was little, my family had this terrier named Max. It was the happiest little puppy, and everyday when I would come home from school ... it didn't matter if it was raining and my dad forgot to pick me up, or if I got a bad grade on something that I worked really hard on. I'd come home to Max and he always cheered me up. Always made me feel that things weren't so bad. He may not be at home whenever I got back from school, he sometimes played with other dogs in the neighborhood, but if I needed him, all I had to do was whistle, and he'd come barking back to me.

"That's the way I am with Justin. I work all day, arguing for all of these people who are the dregs of society; and no matter how bad it gets, I come home and he's always got some new scheme or some funny story and I forget all about the arguments that I lost or the clients that got mad with me. He is so in love with life, that I can't begrudge him escapades like this; especially when I know that he'll come back. He's just being a boy."

I folded my arms and just looked her, then said, "You do realize that not all boys are like him?"

"Yeah, I know." and at this she met me eye for eye. I should know better than to get into a staredown with a lawyer. "And it's damn shame, too. How's Dana, by the way?"

I gave her the out on the change of subject, and just looked away. "She's fine. Getting ready to defend her thesis, and just needs to blow off a bit steam before the big day."

Dana, it turned out, defended her thesis quite well and finagled that degree into a job offer at a research company on the other side of the country. While I liked her, and I liked us; in the end, it was not enough to justify my moving. So we broke up a few months ago. It was amicable, but I think we both left the relationship wondering if we got anything out of it outside of someone warm to sleep beside at night.

Now we were in the present. I was in Justin and Olivia' party, high on ecstasy, and Olivia was in her underwear and Dana was history. We had just started making out on the couch a moment ago, and as I unsnapped her bra, she took that as a cue to lead me somewhere more private.

Once in the main bedroom, Olivia turned back to me and allowed her bra to drop, allowing me to feast my eyes, for the first time, on her naked breasts. They were as breathtaking as I had hoped, grapefruit-sized orbs topped by an exquisite pair of rosy nipples, and as I leaned forward to kiss her once more, I cupped them in my hands, feeling her hard nipples dig into my palms.

Olivia, for her part, wasted no time in unzipping my fly and diving for my shaft. Her touch was electric to my already sensitive flesh; and my cock nearly leaped out of my jeans as she stroked me feverishly. We devoured each other now with our lips, hands everywhere, bodies grinding. With a slight push, I sent her lying backwards on the bed, and expecting what was to come next, Olivia obligingly hooked two fingers under her panties and swiftly let them drop to the floor. 

Even in the dim candle light, I could make out the lips of her sex, peeking out from her red curls, swollen and aroused with lust. My own cock was likewise aroused and prominent, and Olivia smiled widely as she took me in hand, gave me a tender squeeze and guided me towards her. 

Her pussy was snug, juicily clinging to my turgid shaft as I introduced myself with a couple of short strokes, exploring her gradually as she opened up to accomodate my size. I never thought of myself as being particularly huge. My cock wasn't longer than average, but it was thick, at least that's what Teresa used to say. Judging by Olivia's gasps as I pinned her to the mattress, and by the eagerness with which she raised her hips to meet mine, I guess I was thick enough.

Soon, she was fully wet, and I went hilt deep and held myself there for a few minutes, both of us savoring the pleasures of our new union. Olivia smiled at me warmly as I pulled out slowly, withdrawing to my tip, and then sighed again as I gently slid back in. The sighs turned into a soft, rhythmic cooing as I found my pace, and took her in a soft, unhurried fashion.

"I can't believe we waited this long before doing this." 

Olivia had closed her eyes now as we fucked; losing ourselves in this prize that we had long denied to each other. Her hands clapsed around the back of my head, running through my hair. Her lips offered themselves for lurid, passionate kisses, and her legs pressed against my waist as she gradually approached climax. I sat up then, drawing my legs beneath me. Then, my hands cupped her shapely ass, then lifted her up so that her thighs were resting on my thighs and knees, her torso arcing back and down so that my cock was now driving into her elastic pussy from above.

I couldn't hold out for long at this pace; but mutual lust had set our course and Olivia's impending orgasm had determined my fate. Her gasps were building, her cunt contracting as her hips wriggled around into mine. The Ecstasy had turned this into a cavalcade of sensation, and it was all that I could to hold myself back.

"Olivia," I gasped, "I'm not wearing a ..."

"It's ok, Chris. Come inside me. Please come inside me." 

So, with a couple more determined strokes, I let myself explode into her torrid, steaming cunt, my hot, flowing semen triggering her own climax. Olivia went rigid for a moment, her mouth frozen in a silent scream, her thighs rising off the bed as I continued to pump her with my erupting cock. Then she let all of her air out in one huge groan, and her body began to return the favor in kind, her skillful pussy milking me until we were both spent and I collapsed. Realizing that I didn't want to crush her, I rolled over but carried Olivia with me in my arms so that she was lying on top.

"Well, that was fantastic."

We both giggled at that, enjoying the feel of our bodies pressed together. My cock was still inside her, softening now but still enjoying her moistness. Outside, someone was moaning, and it brought another smile to our lips. I ran my hand appreciatively over Olivia's soft ass, while she rested her head on my chest, her rich, red hair spread out across my shoulders.

"I'm glad we got to do this," she said finally. "Before, you know ..."

She looked up at me as I perked my eyebrow at her. "You mean," I asked, "Justin's giving up messing around after the wedding?"

"Well, probably not completely, but it's going to be different. We talked about it and I think we're both arranging one last night for ourselves. Not the bachelor and bachelorette party. Another night for each of us," and at this she looked at me in the eye, "... to be with whoever we want."

I held her gaze for a few beats, and then looked back at the door, "well, that can be interesting, but I don't know. I might be indisposed when the time comes."

Olivia smirked, "really? You have someone else in mind? Someone here?"

"Maybe ..." I still remembered that kiss that I shared with Jessica earlier and the way I told her, 'later'

"Then I shouldn't keep you." Olivia lifted herself up, and I felt a bit of regret as she let my wet prick slip out of her. "But," she said, taking my hand then giving me a nice, long, deep kiss. "Thank you. For being you." 

"No problem. And this was for you. Not plural 'you'. Singular 'you'."

"I know."

I opened the door to the master bedroom and saw that Wendy and Tim were just outside. Wendy was topless now and looked fantastic. Her blonde hair and pale skin glistened in the darkness, with candlelight casting flickering shadows across her young, ripe boobs, which were capped with wide, pale aureolae and thick nipples. Next, to her Tim's eyes positively shone as he looked behind me and saw Olivia lying in repose on the mattress, still flushed with the heat of our coupling. He had lost his shirt sometime ago, but still kept his jeans.

"Shame on you both for keeping the door closed. Sounds like we missed quite a performance."

Wendy leaned in to kiss me, slipping her hands around my waist and rubbing up against me. The soft cotton of her panties glided across my limp but still damp cock as her nipples offered themselves up for my thumbs to caress. It was a tempting distraction, but I had other people in mind and I broke the kiss, and simply whispered, "later."

Wendy pouted briefly and stepped back to look at Olivia, who was already making room for Tim as he approached the bed.

"Chris has other business," Olivia explained, smiling, "but that doesn't mean you can't come over and keep me company."

"Rain check, then," Wendy said as she released her embrace, "I look forward to collecting it."

I closed the door to laughter and creaking springs.

The main bedroom led out to a balcony that overlooked the main loft area. From where I stood, I could look out over Justin's open floor plan: the kitchen, the dining area with its assortment of hors d'oeuvres and canapes, now ignored, and the living room which looked to be on the verge of an orgy. The music was really going now, but nearly drowned out by laughter and moaning. Quentin and Alexis were on a recliner. Alexis was straddling Q, her bare back facing me, skirt still on but the way her hips were moving, they were either already having sex or dry humping like Alexis was going to set her boyfriend's pants on fire. Misha and Jess were on the couch, doubling up on Francis, both of them kissing their way up and down his chest. They were all still in their underwear but as I continued to watch, I saw Misha climbing down to the floor and tug Francis's boxers off of him. His cock was long and fully swollen, springing out like a beanpole as Misha ran her tongue along its shaft. A silver ball decorated its tip. That was a surprise.

A couple of years ago, Malcolm and Justin had pooled some money together to rent a lakeside cabin in the woods for a week and invited us to come out and spend the weekend there. It was night, there was a half moon in the sky and the sounds of drunken laughter mixed with the splashing of water. There was a potential for skinny dipping in the air. Quentin and I had gone out as stags as it was before he met Alexis or I was seeing Dana, but most of the usual crowd was there. Teresa had just started hanging out with Malcolm then, but Jessica had brought along a doctor that she was seeing. He wasn't quite old enough to be her father, but certainly old enough to raise a couple of eyebrows. Still, Teresa and I knew how Jessica's tastes ran so it didn't surprise us much. In university, she always spent a lot of time with her professors and teaching assistants.

At some point I handed a beer to Quentin as we both stood on the back porch of the cabin, watching the bikini clad silhouettes of Olivia and Jess cavorting in the shallows. I knew where Q was looking. He had briefly, clumsily, asked Jess out a few months ago and while she did her best to let him down well, it was still something he was dealing with.

"Don't fixate," I said, "not your fault that you're not her type."

"Just doesn't seem fair, you know. Girls our age, who we get along with and see eye to eye, just going for older guys."

"It's just the way the world is. Girls mature faster than guys. To her, we're still like little brothers."

"But it doesn't stay that way, right? The curve levels off eventually and we're all equally mature?"

"Probably. When we're like 50 or something"

"Christ, man, I thought you were trying to cheer me up ... Tell me, do you think Jess likes guys who are always a few years older than her or guys who are just his age?"

"I don't know. What difference does it make?"

"Difference between whether I fixate or forget."

In the end, Quentin did move on and given the way Alexis was grinding against him, having things work out quite well for him. Jessica was straddling Francis now, and cradled his head as Francis ran his hands over her bra and nuzzled her cleavage. As I watched, I could see him whisper something to her that brought out a smile, and she rose up, unclipping her bra then stepping to the side for a moment, so that Francis could reach over and tug her panties down. He flung them casually to the side, and then picked her up so that she was straddling him again then let her bra drop to the couch. For a glorious moment, I could see Jess in luscious silhouette, admire the fullness of her ass and the glorious heft of her tits. Misha seemed to know where this was headed, as she lifted her head from Francis's now stiff, rigid cock. Then, as Misha moved out of the way, I could watch as Francis slowly, deliberately lowered my friend onto his waiting penis. His cock piercing glittered like a jewel before it disappeared into Jessica's pussy.

A look of sheer pleasure washed over Jessica's face, and her mouth gaped open as she must have felt herself parting over Francis's thick cock. Nearby, out of view in the bedroom, I could hear a series of sharp urgent moans, a sound with which I was all too familiar, of Teresa deep in orgasm. But my eyes were on Jessica, on her slowly bouncing on Francis's pole, writhing with such sensuous grace as she lost herself. Francis was tongueing Jess's nipples now, and both of his hands were wrapped around her round and tasty ass.

I remembered the gleam in Francis's eye as he and Misha talked about swapping, and the way he had looked at Jessica just then. A yearning had risen up in me as I watched them, and so I walked down from the balcony, making eye contact with Jessica as I was halfway down. She watched me too, her eyes heavy lidded but steady, her hips swaying in hypnotic half circles. We continued to look at each other as I approached, and then I was in front of her, running my hands through her dark hair as I cupped her head and brought her lips to mine. Her fingers wrapped around my waist and slid up my back before coming up to my chest to push me back slightly.

"Come over to this side," she whispered.

She got up as I walked around the sofa, turned around then groaned anew as she lowered herself back onto Francis's cock, this time facing away from him and toward me. Then, they resumed fucking. His breath was coming in steady gasps now, and his hands were planted on her slim waist, as he slouched deeper into the couch to give her better leverage. Now, I stood before her and Jess took my hand then placed it on her breast, letting me feel the firmness of her nipple and the soft swell of her flesh. She let her own fingers run across my shaft, sliding along its length as I slowly, gradually responded to her touch. My cock still felt spent after my time with Olivia, but I could feel my arousal returning. She smiled as she watched me stir then, looking up at me the entire time, she brought her head forward and took me slowly, fantastically into her mouth.

We went at that for a while, Francis pumping her from behind as Jessica sucked my cock, letting me harden gradually. In a dim corner of my vision, Misha had wandered off, her long black hair swaying like a cape as she walked into the master bedroom where flesh and moaning still echoed. But I wasn't paying attention to her, just this blue eyed angel who was my friend for so long and had always been by my side but never in quite this way.

She was moaning now as my cock swelled up to its full size, and I started to realize that while Francis's thrusts and my own were not quite in rhythm, Jessica was timing herself to my movements. As Francis picked up his pace, his breath came in ragged gasps, but Jessica's own groaning was steady and as she looked up, her eyes were fixed on mine. I stroked her cheek and she sighed in delight. As I caressed the underside of her soft breasts, she let her tongue dance over my head. And as I let my thumbs graze her sensitive nipples, she unleashed a low languorous groan, rolled her eyes and climaxed. As she did, so to did Francis, trapped beneath her hips, flooding her with his desire. And as Jess moaned in low steady pleasure, the shiver of her tongue triggered my own explosion, causing me to erupt into her hungry, swallowing throat.

Eventually, Francis's orgasm subsided and Jess released me from her mouth. She turned and gave Francis a nice, lingering kiss, then stood, and took my hand and asked, "help me clean up?"

I just nodded. So, leading me down the hall, Jess walked us over into the first floor bathroom. The bathroom was the very example of spare-no-expense decadence. It was all modern fixtures and dark marble. A full length mirror greeted me as I entered, showcasing the two of us in our naked glory and I reveled in the sight of Jessica's womanly body, her full, shapely tits, her wide hips framing her light brown bristly pubic hair, and as she let me go and walked over to a capacious shower, her luscious, heart shaped ass. I had been fond of her for so long, but now that had just given way to lust.

"Hold on a minute," she said as she turned the shower on and lifted her leg slightly, planting it firmly on the edge of the tub.

The shower had a detachable hose head, and I watched for a moment as Jessica rinsed out her vagina, streams of water flushing out traces of cum left in her by Francis. I was never one for patience, and so rather than stand back, I moved up behind her and wrapped my arms around her waist. She jerked back in surprise.

"I was asking you to wai --- oh." 

Jessica's protest died on her tongue as my fingers slipped into her sodden folds. Her pussy was still slick and damp with Francis's sperm; and so my fingers had to plunge deeply into the slim confines of her pussy, to ensure a thorough cleaning. She shuddered under my touch, withdrawing her hand after a few moments to steady herself against the walls of the shower. I stroked her thoroughly in this position, fingers delving into every soft nook and every sensitive cranny, ears listening as she whimpered in slow arousal. With my other hand I cupped an ample tit and rubbed her aching nipples between my fingers; feeling them stiffen at my touch. 
