 I wrote this story some years ago at a time when I was not fully aware of the accepted manner for presenting ongoing or continuous stories in Chapter Form. I have made a few changes to the structure of the tale but basically it remains as before but retitled from "Mary Ellen" to "A Bedroom Window -- Ch. 02".

*

Mary Ellen was our neighbor, a thirty something lady that I watched strip naked one night through our bedroom window. My peeping continued and it soon became obvious that Mary Ellen was well aware that she was being watched. She appeared at a regular time each evening and always with the curtains open and her bedroom lights on. My wife Marg caught me at the window one evening. It turned out that on the nights that I was not watching Mary Ellen that my wife Marg was. Apparently they occasionally had tea in the afternoon and Mary Ellen liked to try on my wife's clothes, having poor taste in her own. 

Marg and I used Mary Ellen's evening strip teases to fire up our own sex life and among other things we fantasized about ensnaring her in a threesome. The threesome did evolve, but not in the manner we had imagined. One afternoon while I was away on business, Marg was invited over to Mary Ellen's home and the two of them got into it sexually. It turned out to be a set-up and Mary Ellen's husband Doug arrived while the two ladies were naked in bed. He fucked both of them.

Marg nervously related the story to me on my return and that she had accepted an invitation to spend a weekend at a lakeside cabin they owned. She also indicated that Mary Ellen was available to me the next afternoon for an introductory sample. We had thought of ourselves as the 'hunters' but apparently we were the 'hunted'.

I was initially very excited about a close encounter with Mary Ellen. This was soon followed by a feeling or worry about inadequacy. Doug was very well endowed and I wondered whether Mary Ellen might be disappointed in my much more modest manhood. 

Marg reassured me that night in bed. We were side by side facing each other, her nipples brushing my chest and her leg up over my hip as my cock slipped in and out and around her pussy. It was our regular erotic night chat position.

Marg whispered, "Hmmm baby, never worry about that. You are a wonderful lover, you arouse and tease me, you are tender and sweet and continuous. I love your foreplay and love the way you experiment. And you can take me hard when I want it that way. You have a beautiful cock that I love to hold and suck and take in my pussy. You try to please me every time and it is about us and not just for your own pleasure. Mary Ellen will have the experience of her life if you bed her and she knows it. I told her.

Mary Ellen has told me that Doug does not engage in much foreplay or fondling, he apparently pretty much just jams it in and fucks until he comes as he did to me. She will love the attention you give her. Don't worry lover she desires you."

I smiled and said, "Does this mean that you are not really interested in doing Doug again?" Her butt started moving faster while her body closed on mine in an effort for deeper penetration. 

"Oh I want him again. I was very tight and not really ready for him the other day. I was so excited that by the time he worked it into me I was ready to get off, and I did. Damn, you have me thinking about it, my pussy is aching at the thought. He pulled out after I come and got off in Mary Ellen. I wanted it in me. I plan to improve his techniques. Oh fuck this is hot baby." 

We both churned away at each other, the visions of my wife taking a load from that big bone driving our passion. 

The end result of her encouragement was that I was looking forward to getting naked with Mary Ellen. The fantasy of sucking those big tits and pushing my cock under her big red bush filled my mind. 

Marg called me at my office the next day and suggested that I make an excuse to come home right away. She said, "Mary Ellen and I spent some time at a beauty parlor and then went shopping. She looks gorgeous. We are on the back deck by the pool. If you want your appetizer, now would be a good time."

I went straight to my bedroom on arrival and quickly changed into a pair of light shorts and a tee shirt before joining the ladies on the back deck. The deck is covered and enclosed on three sides but open to the pool. While not totally private, someone would have to try very hard to view either the deck or the pool from outside of our yard.

Marg and Mary Ellen were standing at our poolside bar as I walked out. They wore matching halter-top and shorts outfits and sheer swimsuit covers. They wore more makeup than usual for either of them. The makeup and sexy outfits combined with elevated sandals gave them a pleasant slutty appearance and obviously the look for which they had strived. 

While they had the same body size, the distribution was quite different. Marg is more lithe and athletic looking with nice C-cup breasts, while Mary Ellen was soft and round and marsh mellow like if one could get one's eyes past her big creamy freckled tits. Despite the number of times that I had enjoyed leering at them through the window, the excitement was even at a higher pitch with them dangling in a halter top a few feet in front of me.

Marg is much more outgoing and animated in social situations, while Mary Ellen is more quiet and introspective. But to me they both looked beautiful and very erotic. I could barely believe my luck. 

Marg was even more cranked up than I. Her eyes were bright and sparkling and she was grinning like a Cheshire cat. She handed me a Mai Tai and suggested that Mary Ellen and I sit down and chat a bit while she prepared something in the house. 

Mary Ellen and I sat on a love seat looking out over the pool. We were both a little nervous, but as I allowed my eyes to slowly roam over her she reacted with a smile. Looking at her tits I said, "You have beautiful breasts Mary Ellen; I hope you don't mind me gawking at them all the time."

She smiled, "Thank you. I obviously wanted you to see them or I would not have been on display every night for you. I guess if anyone should know about them, you should."

I winced a bit at the reminder of my peeping tendency but said, "I never tired of watching you through the window. Did you plan all of that ahead of time? I mean did you set out to attract my or our attention?" I leaned ahead, our eyes locked and I could imagine her breasts moving and straining for release as her breathing increased.

She replied, "Not at first. I had finished undressing for bed one night and then noticed that the drapes were open. I closed them quickly and was a little upset at myself. Later in bed, I began to get hot thinking of you or Marg seeing me. I began leaving them open every night in the hope that one or both of you were watching. It was very deliberate on my part and it aroused me when I realized that you were there. Doug was getting more sex than he was used to getting!" 

I untied the little bows holding the sheer top together, and spread it open, exposing her tits in the pale green terrycloth halter-top. She was excited and her nipples were hard and pushing through the soft cloth. I rubbed the very tips of the nipples with the palm of my hand. 

Her eyes were partly closed as she waited for my next move. I said, "I can't believe that we are here like this. The sight of you through my window filled my mind with thoughts of being close to you like this. Did you know whether it was Marg or I watching you?" I hefted one breast in the palm of my hot hand, closed my fingers to squeeze it, a gentle slow massage. 

She drew in her breath. "I figured it out eventually. If I could see your door open you or she would be framed in the hall light for a few seconds. I didn't care which one it was, the thought of either of you seeing me made my heart race. I imagined you feeling me just like you are now."

I said, "Did you know that we started watching you together? I guess we were getting as much sex as you and Doug. I took Marg standing at the window a few times when we could not make it to bed in time." We kissed, a slow one, tentative, testing out, tongue tips glancing at the others.

She said, "Yes I knew both of you were there. Do you recall the first time that I let you see my body?"

I said, "You mean at the window?" I did recall another occasion but had not known that she saw me peeking.

She giggled, "Oh no, it was before the window viewing. I was in my back yard early one morning setting up my garden watering system. I was wearing a robe only. You were getting in your car on your way to work. I let my robe fall open, hoping that you would look up. I guess you didn't!"

I replied, "Well, yes I did look up, but I thought it was an accident on your part so did not want to embarrass you by staring. You looked fantastic and I had to tear my eyes away." She had looked fantastic, big white tits, large pink aureoles and that flaming red bush, I dreamed about it many times.

She leaned into me, her eyes opaque with growing lust, "I was very horny that morning, no sex for weeks, and I fantasized about you coming over. You could have fucked me that day."

I slipped my hand inside the bra and lifted out one big beauty to expose the nipple. It was full and erect, jutting out like a tiny finger. I bent my head and closed my lips around it. It felt like a jujube in my mouth, so compact and firm and solid. I murmured, "Take the other one out Mary Ellen, just hang it out."

She hurriedly lifted it out, a perfect match for the other one. I rubbed my face between her tits, kissing and licking each nipple in turn. Mary Ellen was squirming in the seat beside me, her breath coming in short gasps as I worked away at them. My attention drifted down to her partly spread legs. The outline of her slit was visible through the terry cloth, obviously no panties.

We kissed again, a nice slow lingering kiss. Our tongues tentatively explored and gently intertwined. I pulled back a bit and asked, "When did you first think about a threesome with Marg? How did Doug finally get involved? When did you tell him what was happening?"

Mary Ellen lay back on the divan, surrendering herself to my hands and lips and words. "I told him after I realized that both of you were checking me out. I wanted him to join me and maybe make out for you, a live sex show, but he only agreed to appear on the one occasion. Marg told me that she had seen him naked and how it had aroused and excited her. It all just sort of happened I guess."

We were silent for a few minutes while I worked more feverishly sucking her nipples and tongue. I loved all this, talking and fantasizing, picturing every action related to me. I whispered, "Tell me more Mary Ellen, all the details, you excite me."

"Oh God Jim, that feels so good, I love your tongue and lips on me. My visits to try on Marg's clothes added to the fantasies that tumbled through my mind. My knees would weaken when she would brush my breasts with her hands. She took her panties off one day for me to try. Well, she did that at my request. I almost got off when I pulled them tight against my pussy.

Doug has always had the urge to get in Marg's panties so we started to fantasize about a threesome or a foursome with the two of you. The day that Marg came to my place was partly planned. As soon as I invited her over I phoned Doug to come home. I knew that she was as curious about him as he was of her."

Mary Ellen had pretty well lost it now; there was little doubt that I could have fucked her right there. But I wanted to prove my reputation as a thorough lover, and to be frank I enjoy playing and teasing right up to the inevitable conclusion. I lifted myself up a bit, looking down at her legs and crotch. I slipped two fingers under the band of the panties and worked them down to her mound, expecting to feel that great red bush. She must have trimmed it as it felt like a brush cut. I pulled the waistband out so that I could see and she said, "What's wrong?"

I looked up at her and smiled, "I was expecting to see your bush. I have been fantasizing about sinking my cock in under it." My fingers had slipped in along side of her slit. I said, "Oh baby, clean as a whistle."

Mary Ellen was moving her butt, spreading more widely and encouraging me to give her more. She was breathless as she murmured; "I just trimmed and shaved it for you. Marg's stories about you going down on her have been driving me wild." 

I sunk one finger into her slit and pulled it out and licked it. I said "Good, so you like having it licked before having it fucked do you? I might just have some later."

She cried softly and arched her back upwards, "I have never had it licked. Doug doesn't do oral. I want you to show me."

I played with her cunt lips, running my fingers along each side, laying one along the slit, poking it into her in little jabs to arouse her. "Have you and Doug had threesomes before?"

"Yes, but only with another guy. Same guy every time, we all knew each other before Doug and I were married. I had dated both of them. They had been friends since childhood. Doug likes to watch me get laid and then take the wet deck." She groaned placing her hand over mine as I worked two fingers into her slit. "I like giving him one, and I always come big time like that. We had never been with another woman prior to Marg. That was unplanned, I mean Marg and I that day, it just happened. God you have wild fingers." She sort of collapsed on the love seat, legs spread wide in total surrender.

I had trapped her clit between my two fingers as I continued to slide them in and out of her swollen lips. I clamped the heel of my hand down on her mound and finger fucked her, hooking them up inside her while teasing her engorged clit between them. She wanted it then, right there beside the pool, thrusting her hips at me as her pussy juiced up enough to provide a slurping sound as my fingers plundered her. I removed my hand and tucked her big tits back in the halter-top. "Come on Mary Ellen, Marg awaits us."

She stood up and pressed herself up against me, rubbing her hip on my hard cock, her big tits pressed to my chest. We kissed with passion as my hands roamed her back and butt and down to her legs. I wanted in her very badly, but this was not the place, we needed room for a third party. Marg had brought all of this pleasure to us and I wanted her to be part of it.

Marg was still dressed when we entered our bedroom and she smiled at the frantic look in Mary Ellen's eyes. "Have a nice chat?" she grinned. 

We have a quite large bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and walk-in closets. The bed is set out from the wall and one can walk completely around.

Marg set the tone and stripped right down in front of the two of us. There would be no holds barred. My Marg is a beautiful woman, dressed or naked, and when she is ready to play she becomes even more alluring. She moved behind Mary Ellen and began to untie her halter-top. "Let me unwrap your present for you my love." 

Mary Ellen subconsciously covered her tits as they tumbled out. I quickly stripped off my tee shirt and dropped my shorts. Mary Ellen's eyes focused on my stiff cock as it sprung out. I sucked each nipple as I knelt in front of her and pulled her shorts down her legs. Marg stood behind Mary Ellen to support her from behind as I raised one of her legs over my shoulder. Her pussy lips were swollen and glistening, the musky scent clogging my mind as I moved in on it.

Mary Ellen cried out as my tongue sought her slit and pressed its way inside. Marg braced Mary Ellen from behind as I attacked her pussy with nose, chin, lips and tongue. I ran my tongue from the very back of her slit to the top. I sucked her pussy lips into my mouth one at a time. I spread her lips open with my fingers and probed her clit with tongue and lips, capturing it between my lips and teasing the hood with my tongue tip. 

Mary Ellen's hips bucked back and forth as Marg toyed with and pinched her nipples. I was sure she was coming, so I stood up and we moved her to the bed. We lay her cross ways on the bed, her head near one side and her feet at the other. 

I climbed up between her legs and as I moved over her, she pulled her knees up and spread for me. Her pussy was quivering and ready. Marg moved to the other side of the bed and pulled Mary Ellen's arms up above her head, pinning her down in a submission hold.

I leaned down and kissed Mary Ellen, my tongue probing her mouth as I whispered "I am going to fuck you a bit, then go down on you again and finally fuck you until I come." 

There was no response excepting for her whimpers and moans. I suspected that her sudden jerks and moves indicated that she was experiencing little orgasms as I played with her. I rubbed my knob in her slit and popped it in and knob fucked her while still on my knees. She pushed upwards with her hips while trying to take me in all the way. Her pussy clamped and sucked actively on my cock. I held about half of my cock in her and let her go at it. She had beautiful muscle movement, I had to take control again or she would have me off very quickly.

Looking down at her I said, "Going to suck you now, I love to suck on a half fucked pussy."

"No, no, leave it in, please don't take it out."

Marg released Mary Ellen's hands to allow her to reach down and guide my head back between her legs. Her cunt was hot and slippery, the musky scent filtering into my nostrils; my tongue shot out and I pressed it flat along her entire slit and rubbed. She cried and bucked against my face, her hands clutching my head. I wanted more clit and she wanted me to have it, her fingers spreading her slit for me and I managed to get my lips around it once more.

"Oh, oh, suck it please, hard, harder."

With my tongue still buried in Mary Ellen's pussy, I looked up to see Marg leaning over her from the other side of the bed and madly sucking and kissing Mary Ellen's tits and nipples. The frantic heat of the moment convinced me that it was time to get back to the real deal and fuck Mary Ellen out of her misery.

As I removed my tongue from her slit and pushed myself up, there was once again the cry of "No, no, don't stop!"

I moved back up to my knees between her legs and slid my cock back into her. She clamped on it and continued to work and massage it as I stroked her. I pulled her legs up over my shoulders and we both started fucking fast and hard. Marg had moved aside to clear room for us.

Mary Ellen's orgasm was something to behold. She almost went into convulsions. Luckily I had her body pretty much under control or she might have tossed the both of us off of the bed. I was right up over top of her, my extended arms on each side of her head. Her big tits were thrashing from one side of her chest to the other as she writhed and twisted. I got off pretty much at the same time to a toe-curling stream of cum. We finished up with agonizingly delicious slow strokes, her pussy milking the end of my cock until finally forcing it out.

I knelt there for a bit before my attention focused on my beautiful wife. Marg was standing beside the bed, pinching one nipple and fingering herself. Her eyes implored me to help her out. 

Mary Ellen moved out from under me and Marg lay down in her place, legs spread and ready. There was no way I would be up again and ready to fuck her for a while. But I did have fingers and a tongue. I lay beside her and as she raised her knees upwards, my hand slipped down the inside of her legs to her open slit. I fingered her softly, playing in the folds of her swollen lips, teasing her small nub of a clit, and then searching for her G Spot. 

As she relaxed I went down on her, stretching myself out between her legs. She lifted each leg over my shoulders as I lay there and I proceeded to get her off with tongue, lips and fingers. By the time Marg got off I was ready again. This was not the first time I had got her off orally before mounting her. 
