 I got up and walked into the loft, found the kitchen and fixed myself a glass of water. Ecstasy made one thirsty. Your heart beats faster, your temperature rises and dehydration is a serious thing to worry about. I stood by the sink, and sipped my water, enjoying being alone for once. Everyone else appeared to be occupied. The moaning of men and women surrounded me as did the creaking of bed springs and furniture. 

"Can I have some?" 

I turned, and standing there in the doorway leading to the main bedroom, naked as the day she was born, was Teresa. 

"Hi." 

She looked gorgeous. She's always looked gorgeous. Her mid-length blonde hair framed the face of an angel. Perfect, champagne glass tits crowned by small, hard nipples that sat proudly on a dancer's frame, flowing down to a pert arse and a pair of rounded hips framing a riotous tangle of blonde pubic hair . Looking at her, I needed no further reminders of why our breakup still left a dull ache in my heart.

It seemed like it was so long ago that we were together in college, fucking like rabbits and being young and carefree. Then we made friends in the city, got to know Justin and Quentin and everyone else. We had gone to such a small school, that being in a new crowd, with amazing and attractive people, who liked us in return was novel and dazzling. Yet, at the same time, we could feel ourselves getting distracted, letting the novelty of our early infatuation fade and then be replaced by the people that we saw around us.

It started harmlessly enough, having sex in Teresa's dorm. I had fallen behind on shaving, cultivating a bit of stubble and she teased me about how it felt like Malcolm's goatee.

"Oh, I think you'd like that, wouldn't you? I've seen the way you look at him."

"And I've seen the way you look at Olivia."

"If you close your eyes, I could rub my chin against your cheek and you can pretend it's him."

And so she did, and I lowered my voice a bit to pretend it was his, and I felt her pussy spasm with an urgency that I hadn't felt in a while. Later, in other evenings, Teresa showed up with a wig, a wig of long hair and she returned the favor. She blindfolded me one night and let the wig glide across my chest, letting me imagine that it was Olivia leaned over me. It was just fun. Roleplaying and fantasizing. It didn't mean anything is what we told ourselves.

But neither of us really believed that. In time, the roleplaying gave way to suspicion, and when I saw Teresa flirting with Malcolm, I feared the worst but just turned that jealousy into a self fulfilling prophecy. By accusing her of being unfaithful and showing that I couldn't trust her, I just gave Teresa more reason to lose faith in me. It took a while for me to realize my mistake, and for Teresa to see how her harmless flirting wasn't so harmless after all. Eventually, once the damage was done and we had broken up, Teresa and I came to our senses and became friends again. We both had Jess to thank for that.

Now, Teresa approached me as I offered the glass of water to her. As she came closer, I could see the unsteadiness in her stride and the way her pubic hair glistened with moistness; and while she knew the direction of my gaze, she made no move to hide her state.

"How are you doing?" she asked. We both realized that wasn't just a plain question. 

"I'm fine. Looking after myself." 

Teresa smiled as she said, "yeah, Tim told me that Jessica's seems to be taking pretty good care of you." 

"And has Malcolm been taking good care of you?" 

She blushed then and replied, "you could say that ..." 

"Really? Tell me about it."

And so she told me about how Malcolm and Justin had stripped her naked in front of everyone in the party, and how they had taken turns fingering both her pussy and ass at the same time. Then after she was driven to climax, Malcolm had bound her wrists behind her, left her lying down, helpless. That's when he took her from behind. And when he had finished, he moved aside while someone else penetrated her cunt, then another, then another. At some point, she could feel someone else slip a meaty cock between her lips and fuck her mouth until he was satisfied, showering her face and neck with his hot and sticky semen.

"It was a seemingly never ending stream of cocks," Teresa said. "I kind of knew when it was Malcolm or Justin, and Francis with that piercing ... holy shit. But I lost track after a while, hard to maintain coherence with all of what was going on.

"The only thing I was fairly sure of," she said, now looking at me with a longing gaze, "was that you weren't one of them." 

My own cock had hardened considerably during the telling of her tale. I had always known how many of my male friends lusted after Teresa, and had always felt that to be a point of pride. Now, as she had described, in lewd detail, how she had let herself be used; and the eagerness by which it all had transpired, I let my arousal take over. With a low growl, I rushed her naked form and pushed her back onto the dinner table. She yelped at the unexpected aggression, caught off-guard by my eagerness, but giving herself over to it as I seized her shapely thighs and pulled her towards me and my waiting cock. 

We had both dispensed with foreplay at this point, and Teresa moaned in loud bliss as I entered her in one easy stroke, her semen soaked pussy providing ample lubrication for my meaty penis . As I stroked my way into her heaving, spasming vagina, Teresa fucked me in return, grasping the other edge of the table for leverage and wrapping her legs around my hips, so that her groin could meet every one of my thrusts. 

Beneath us, the table heaved in rhythmic creaking; which was the only sound aside from our mutual grunting. Beneath me, Teresa's pert tits quivered with each stroke, her nipples turgid and aroused. Her smile was equally large, teeth almost feral and wild, as she worked herself to a new, inexorable climax.

Given our pace, it didn't take long to arrive. When it did, her vagina contracted almost violently, threatening to squeeze the blood from my cock and holding it immobile. Her back arched, arse lifting from the table surface; accompanied, by a deep, marvelous screaming release. Then, grasping me still with her sturdy thighs, I could feel her rotating her groin against my captive cock, corkscrewing herself around me as she sought to milk my pleasure. It was an old trick that she used on me before, and it's always worked. And with a deep, bellowing groan, I showed her that it still worked. 

So full was Teresa's vagina that my eruption filled her past the brim almost instantly, and as we held each other still for a few precious seconds, the only sound to be heard was our ragged gasping for breath, and the steady plop-plop sounds of my semen leaking from her overstimulated orifice. Then, as I felt the tension leaving her hips, relaxing as I lowered her back to the table, I saw her smile again and ask, "Still got it?" 

"Oh, yeah." 

"Still want it?" 

" ... let me get some more water." 

Teresa laughed at that, and as I pulled out, she planted a quick peck on my cheek before getting up and make a beeline for the shower, her pert cheeks catching my gaze as she hurried out.

"I've got to admit, that's a fine, fine ass." 

Tim was standing there in the door, a mirror crossed with lines in his hand. He held it out to me and I saw the rolled bill balanced on its surface. 

"Need a bump? Looks like you could use it. Compliments of Wendy. She says that she's still waiting to collect on your rain check." 

I still wasn't fond of Tim, but I had to admit, he had a certain shameless charm about him. I took the proferred bill and did my line, feeling the fire spread in my nostril as I vacuumed the last of the dust from the mirror. As I put the bill down, I looked at Tim and said, "you're still wearing pants."

"yeah, well, what can I say? Being the guy who brings the drugs doesn't necessarily make you the guy that everyone wants to fuck. There's an unfortunate sketchiness by association."

I took in his wry look and realized he had a point. We were the young and beautiful, and Tim always had a certain plainess to his features that probably would've meant that nobody would've noticed him if not for his drugs. I probably had dismissed him as a necessary evil, but he was still a person, and I suddenly felt bad about about stereotyping him.

Behind him, I could see Justin pulling Misha up the stairs, the two of them giggling like naked children.

"so this a regular thing for you? Sponsoring orgies?"

He shook his head and said, "nah, you know, it's a tricky thing, screwing and drugs. On paper, it's the best thing since disposable condoms. But, people forget that while E makes you uninhibited, it's not going to turn you on to someone who wasn't catching your eye before. So, there's always one or two odd folks out who everybody likes but nobody's actually attracted to, and everyone worries that if they start rolling with these folks, they might get taken advantage of, and that sort of thing screws with the vibe. You guys, though, you're all pretty. You're all close. And you've all wanted to bang each other's brains out for the past few years. So you're lucky. You ain't ever going to find this again in your life. Savor it. Enjoy.

"Me? Unless someone genuinely wants to jump my bones. I'm just going to try and stay out of the way." 

And almost on cue with the end of his monologue, I could feel the beginning of a new rush take hold. Tim smiled as he saw me teeter slightly, the new surge of adrenaline taking me by surprise. 

"Go, get 'em, tiger."

I walked into the bedroom shortly afterward. The bed itself was in tatters, sheets in utter disarray and the room reeked of sex. As I watched, Jessica and Tim's girlfriend, Wendy, were lying between Malcolm and Quentin, alternately kissing one then the other, while the boys' hands glided over their bellies and breasts. Quentin's girlfriend, Alexis was reclining on the couch and made way for me as I came over and laid down next to her. 

It was a deep sofa and there was space enough for both of us to lie side by side. I slid in behind Alexis, my right arm coming to rest on her slender waist as I propped my head on my left arm, while my cock slipped between the slight crack of her dainty bum. I let my hand run along her flank, which brought a soft purr from her and a slight wiggle that rubbed her smooth ass against my cock. 

"I've never watched people fuck before. It's so fascinating." 

I had only known Alexis peripherally after she started dating Quentin. A dirty blonde with curly hair that fell to the middle of her back, and bright green eyes that glistened with friendliness and curiosity; Alexis was also short, barely topping five feet, and had curves that seemed all the more exaggerated by her small frame. Normally I'd only see her in baggy sweatshirts or loose dresses, but there were a few days in the summer, where she'd show up in some tight tank-top and no bra, and the sight of her cleavage jutting out proudly from her petite torso seared itself into my fantasies. Now she was naked, and I got to see how spectacular her tits really were, pale, creAlexis and tipped with wide, thick nipples. I let my hand graze on the soft underside of one breast and that prompted another gasp.

Meanwhile on the bed, I watched as Quentin pulled Wendy closer to himself, while Jessica put her arms around Malcolm's shoulder then pressed her body to his. Soon, Quentin had pushed Wendy to her back and we watched as her thighs parted eagerly for him and his now stiff cock. Wendy's back had been to us, so I couldn't see her pussy all that well, but Quentin could look up, make eye contact with both of us and flash us the most delighted smile.

"I don't know," Alexis mused, "if he's more excited over getting to fuck Wendy or with the fact that I'm watching him."

"Have you had sex with anyone here?"

"Oh, Q and I did it earlier in the office, as we got into the mood. Then, we came here and watched everyone taking their turn with Teresa. We started fucking again, with me riding him while we both sat on the couch, watching the sex. Then Malcolm came over and offered Quentin a turn with Teresa if he could swap for me. That was different, though, we were both so wrapped up in the novelty of fucking someone else that we didn't pay attention to each other."

Now, we both could watch as Quentin sank his turgid cock into Wendy, and listen as she sighed in ecstasy. Meanwhile, Jess had succeeded in raising Malcolm to full attention and submissively allowed him to push her to all fours. Alexis pressed herself to me even deeper, wrapping my cock in her bumcheeks like a sausage in a bun. I switched the hand that was holding up my head so that it slipped underneath her body to cup her other breast, while my right hand moved further down to her cunt.

"Chris, I know Q's your best friend, but I think it's ok if you want ..."

My cock was stiff again as the Viagra had kicked in and I was aware of how deeply I was cleaving the two halves of Alexis's ass and how she wasn't backing away. I let my fingers part her folds and delve inside.

"... but I should let you know, Chris, that I'm not really protected. I've been having Q come on my belly, but I didn't get a chance to warn Malcolm before ... well, you know. I trust you and all, but..."

But she then moaned as I let first one, two then three fingers slip deeply into her vagina, while my other hand pinched an erect and rigid nipple. I played with her like this for a while before withdrawing my hand from her pussy, and then rubbing her wetness all over my cock.

"Don't worry," I said finally, "I think I can improvise."

And I pressed my finger into her ass, which drew another delicious gasp from her. My other hand was still working her tit, while my lips planted kisses on her neck and shoulder. Finally, as I felt her loosen up, I took my finger out then pushed my cock into her ass.

"Oh god, wait, I need. I need a little more moisture. Come out a sec."

As I withdrew, Alexis lifted her leg, and I felt her fingers reach down and hold my shaft as she repositioned herself. I was now pointing straight at her pussy. 

"Just a couple of thrusts," she said, "that should be enough to give you a good coating." And she guided me in.

It was my experience that every woman's pussy has its own unique pleasures. While Olivia' vagina was tight and rippling with sensation, Misha's was like a warm tub of cream, and Teresa had a soft, but elastic texture that drove a lot of men wild, my best friend's girl had a pussy like an oven. It was just tantalizingly warm and I felt like if I kept at this, I would burst like an erupting volcano. Those two strokes were fantastic and as I pulled out and reaimed for her ass, the juices that clung to me still felt like warm syrup on my tool.

Alexis had drawn her legs up so that she was almost fetal, offering me the fullness of her ass. I could hear her draw in her breath as I pressed into her tightness. It took a moment for her to adjust but soon I was stroking in and out of her in steady time. Her sphincter was virgin-tight yet her soft cheeks massaged my organ as it pistoned in and out of her. As I did so, I kept my hands busy as they explored her pert clit and aching nipples; and Alexis had soon abandoned words for steady moaning.

On the bed, Jessica was on all fours, getting herself pounded by Malcolm's imperious cock, while Quentin had hooked Wendy's legs to his shoulders while he continued to shaft her. He looked up from time to time and watched me as I fucked his girlfriend, and while I imagine most guys would be troubled with that sort of sight, he just had smiles.

"Oh, yes, Chris, keep it up. Keep ... fuuuucking ... meeeeee."

Beneath me, Alexis was losing herself to sensation. I kept one hand draped over her waist, diddling her throbbing clit , while my other hand wrapped up from underneath her and rubbing her swollen nipples. With my chin hooked on her shoulder, I must have looked like a lewd violin player, and Alexis's wailing voice was the music of my performance.

"Oh, yes! Oh, yes! Oh ... FUCK! YES!"

She certainly was a screamer and in time, her incessant moaning was drawing the attention of everyone else in the room, especially as she came most loudly and ecstatically. Her ass clenched around my cock as I did my best to ride out her climax. It was a close run thing, but I managed to hold off and eventually as Alexis's peak subsided, I pulled myself out, still hard and shining with our moisture.

Everyone on the bed were now watching us with intent, as I rolled Alexis on to her back and straddled her torso. Her lovely, plush breasts were glistening with sweat and flushed with heat. I gathered them in my hands, then pushed them together as I slipped my cock between them and started thrusting once more. I stirred her nipples with my thumbs as I fucked her tits. Alexis had started to whimper and groan again. Then within due time, her groans were becoming small yelps and I smiled as I heard the now familiar sounds of her impending orgasm.

The others were getting into it now. Q had started taking up the call of "Money shot! Money shot!" and Malcolm soon followed, slowing their thrusting to cheer us on. The attention was having its effect on Alexis, accelerating her gasping until she toppled off some imaginary precipice and spasmed beneath me at the same moment that I released myself all over her bountiful chest. I collapsed next to her, embracing her as I had when I came in the room, and I felt Alexis turn and smear her body to mine, offering me a grateful, lingering kiss while Q and Malcolm applauded our show.

"Oh god, I didn't know I could come from just ... that ..."

"I said I'd improvise."

We basked in the afterglow and watched as Malcolm continued to spear Jessica, who had now collapsed onto her hands, raising her pussy even higher to be filled by the birthday boy's indefatigable cock. Meanwhile, Q turned out to be just as vocal as his girlfriend, shouting aloud as he pulled out of Wendy and then holding his cock in his hand as he erupted all over her sweaty torso. Once the two of them finished up, they rose from the bed and walked over to us. Q's impressive tattoos were now fully on display, like some primitive tribal warrior, while Wendy's pale flesh and golden hair positively glowed with sexuality.

"I think I'll collect now if you don't mind."

I looked up at Wendy. The youngest of our party, the girl was absolutely ripe and luscious, possessed with a young, firm body and proudly protruding breasts. Like Misha, she has also taken care to shave her pussy, so her glistening pink folds were in broad display, blossoming before me like a flower. My hungry gaze must have been obvious for she giggled enticingly as she took my hand and helped me up.

I let her guide me back to the dining room table as, behind me, I could hear Jessica groaning while Malcolm resumed his fucking. The living and dining area was empty, the couches left in various levels of disarray, and the dining table was abandoned save for a small tray of canapes and fruit lying forgotten amidst all of the debauchery. 

"It's kind of a shame that everyone's left the snacks behind."

Wendy plucked a strawberry and raised it to her mouth, turning back to me as she slipped the fruit slowly between her lips. I took the hint and approached her as she took a bite of the strawberry, then pulled me in for a long kiss, letting the sweet flesh pass back and forth between our lips. Then I felt something cool and moist on my chest, and looked down as Wendy had picked up a can of whipped cream and smeared it along my nipples and pecs, grinning as she leaned forward to lick it all off of me.

I returned the favor, taking the can and then spraying a line down her chest, pausing for a bit as she hiked herself up on to the dining table, then lay flat. Wendy decorated herself with bits of strawberry, kiwi and grapes, while I continued to trace a line of cream down to her moist, glistening cunt. I took a step back to look at her, at the swirls of cream that tipped her nipples and the mound of fruit that lay in the valley between her breasts and along the flatness of her tight stomach, like a perverted buffet table.
