 It was a dull, wet, miserable sort of day and the two thirty-something couples sat in Bryan and Judy's lounge watching the rain trickle down the large picture window. On a good day the view was inspiring, but this was not a good day and boredom was setting in. They had been intending to play a game of mixed doubles on the company tennis court, but the weather had totally put paid to that. Now they just sat around making desultory conversation and feeling bored - until Ellen looked up in sudden remembrance and turned to Judy.

'Did you two get caught at it the other night?'

Judy stared at her fiend in total confusion until the light finally dawned and she laughed. 

'You mean at the firm's party?'

The chairman of the company they all worked for had thrown a party for the staff in his own home by way of a thank you for getting a big rush order out on time.

'Yes, of course at the party.' Ellen chided. 'We saw you both slipping away upstairs when you thought no one was looking, and we knew exactly what you were going for, didn't we Lee?' She looked at her husband for corroboration, but he just nodded and grinned salaciously.

'Well, booze and loud music always have that effect on us.' Judy confessed with a self-conscious smile. 

'And a little bit later we saw Hannah and Brent creeping off too.' Ellen was smiling at her friend's discomfort. 'So did they catch you at it?'

Judy hesitated and Bryan jumped in to save his wife's apparent discomfiture. 

'Not quite.' He told Ellen. 'But very nearly. If they'd come up a couple of minutes earlier they would have, but by the time they got there, all giggles and fumbles, we were just doing up our last buttons.' He chuckled. 'I think they were more embarrassed than we were. We left them to it, but I think we might have put them off, because they were back to the party pretty soon afterwards. But then, that's the risk you take doing it in someone else's spare bedroom.'

'What would you have done if they had caught you?' Lee asked him.

'Not a lot. I mean, what could we have done? If they'd already seen us the damage was done, and we would probably have been too horny to stop anyway. I think we'd have just ignored them and kept going.'

'Really?' Ellen exclaimed, her brown eyes widening in surprise. 'You reckon you could have carried on with them there?'

'Yes, why not? That was what we'd all gone upstairs for, wasn't it? Anyway, having an audience might be a turn on.'

'What about you, Judy,' Ellen turned to her friend. 'Could you have carried on with other people there?'

'I wouldn't have had much say in it, would I?' She replied with a mischievous grin. 'I couldn't have got up until Bryan got off, so if he'd kept going I'd have had to.'

'And you'd have enjoyed it.' Bryan told his wife.

'Maybe.' The reply was noncommittal, but the sparkle in her eyes belied the hesitation.

'Right.' Said Lee, reading Judy's face. 'So if we see you go sliding off to a bedroom at the next party, we'll follow you, all right?'

'Not if you're thinking of just watching.' Bryan told him, wondering even as he spoke if he was serious or not. 'I don't mind others knowing what a gorgeously sexy wife I've got, but we're not going to put a free show on for a pair of voyeurs.'

'But you'd be okay with us being there if we were doing it too?'

It was strange, Bryan thought to himself, how nobody had actually named the subject they were discussing, but everyone knew what they meant. It was time to be a little more explicit.

'Yes. To put it in a nutshell, if you want to see us having sex, then you have to let us watch you.'

'You're on.' Lee responded, turning to his wife. 'We aren't shy, are we?' 

There was just a second's hesitation while Ellen looked surprised, and then she smiled and shook her head. 'Not a bit.'

Bryan pictured two couples making love next to each other on a strange bed with party noises coming up the stairs to them, and his body began to respond to the thought, his cock hardening behind his zip. He didn't know why, but the idea of having such risky sex in the company of his friends was giving him quite a buzz, and he knew another party was coming up in a few weeks.

'So just to be clear, if you see us slide off for a quiet shag next time, you want us to let you join us and do the same thing?'

'Yes, we'll keep you company.' Lee told him, a growing bulge in the front of his jeans backing up his words.

'We'll hold you to that?' He had reservations, but he was beginning to like the idea more and more, although he wasn't sure yet if Judy would agree. But then suddenly she made it clear that she had her own, even more adventurous, ideas.

'Why wait?' Judy's voice caught him by surprise. 'The idea is starting to turn me on, and judging by the heavy breathing it's doing the same for everyone else. So why wait for a party? What's wrong with right here and right now?'

Her sudden suggestion was met with stunned silence. Even Bryan hadn't seen that one coming and he and their two friends all stared at Judy with their mouths hanging open.

'You don't mean it!' Ellen exclaimed finally, shock overcome by incredulity.

'Why not?' She challenged. 'If we're prepared to watch each other at a party when there's the risk of others walking in on us all, why not here, where we safe from interruption? Or are we all spouting hot air?'

'I think she means it.' Bryan looked at her in surprised admiration. 'She's got more nerve than you'd think.'

He knew his wife was adventurous in bed, he'd had plenty of evidence of that over the years, but he hadn't expected her to want to be quite so uninhibited. But, he admitted to himself, if he was turned on by the thought, why not Judy? But this was no sly quickie at a party that she was talking about, it was much more deliberate than that and he was far from certain he could go along with it. True, a part of him was hoping that the others might agree, but another part was equally scared that they just might. He wanted to, but could he?

'What about you Bryan?' Ellen's voice called him from his reverie, articulating the very question that he was asking himself.

He could hear an undercurrent of eager arousal in her voice, and a quick glance at Lee revealed that he too was bright eyed with excitement. He was surprised at Ellen, he'd thought that if anyone had qualms it would be her, but it didn't seem she had. Was he the only one with any doubts? He realised that if he agreed they'd all be making love together and that would be a step into the unknown as far as their friendships were concerned. Could they take it? Yes, he thought they could, and a growing erection was telling him that his body was willing. He looked at Judy, seeing her holding her breath as she awaited his answer.

'Yes, I'm up for it.' He announced finally, before adding a get-out clause. 'But only if we agree that if anyone becomes uncomfortable, we can stop anytime with no hard feelings?'

'That sounds fair.' Lee nodded. 'I'm in.'

'Yes, me too.' Ellen agreed. 'But I don't think we'll need to worry.'

'Judy?' He asked, looking for his wife's approval even though she'd been the one to make the suggestion in the first place.

'As far as I'm concerned I can't think of a better way of spending a wet afternoon.' She told him with a nervous smile. 'But how about you Bryan? Are you really okay? I mean really.' 

She looked at him with one raised eyebrow, reading him much better than he had realised and checking that there would be no repercussions. He smiled back at her, feeling much happier now that the decision had been made and accepted by all of them. It wasn't like cheating because they would keep to their own partners, but it could still have damage their friendships beyond repair, and maybe their marriages too, if anyone had felt coerced.

'Like I said.' He told her. 'I'm always glad of a chance to show off my good-looking wife.'

'Flatterer!' She looked around, eyes shining with sudden excitement. 'So let's do it, shall we?' 

There was a pause as they all sat looking at each other and adjusting to what they had just let themselves in for.

'All right, what do we do?' Ellen asked eventually, then realising how silly that must have sounded, she added. 'I mean, how do we want to start?'

Bryan wasn't too happy with the idea of them using his and Judy's bed, so he pre-empted that before it could be suggested. 'I'll nip upstairs and get a duvet, and then we can spread it out here.' His arm swept around to indicate the lounge in general.

'Okay.' Judy agreed, and then frowned. 'If we're going to do it here, should I draw the curtains?'

'I don't think anyone will be out there looking in on a day like this.' Lee chuckled, looking at the rain that was still sheeting across the window. 'And if they are, good luck to them.'

'Yes, leave them open.' Ellen's eyes shone. 'Just on the off chance that we might make someone's afternoon.'

'Sounds good to me.' Bryan made for the door to fetch the quilt, trying to control the mounting excitement that already had him breathing deeply. His doubts and reservations were already becoming things of the past.

When he returned he found that the others had already begun to disrobe, averted eyes and sideways looks telling him of their trepidation, as if acknowledging that the act of undressing was the point of no return. Bryan looked at Ellen as she shook her bra straps down her arms to let the garment fall in front of her, smiling quickly at the newly animated look on her face. He really was surprised at her, but he could tell that she was rapidly becoming more and more excited by the idea.

'How did this happen?' Lee asked abruptly as he folded his clothes into a tidy pile. 'How did a normal tennis match turn into this?'

'It started raining.' Bryan commented matter-of-factly as he rolled out the duvet and began popping buttons as he tried to catch up. 'Three cheers for English weather.'

'We don't have to do it if you don't want to.' Ellen told her apparently wavering husband.

'No. I do. I'm just amazed at how quickly we all agreed. It makes me wonder if we have quietly wanted to do something like this for ages and daren't say so. Anyway, I'm with Bryan on one thing, how often do I get the chance to show off my fantastically sexy wife?'

'Give over.' Ellen protested. 'Sexy, after two kids?'

Bryan had not seen Ellen without clothes before, and whatever she liked to say about herself, she was really very beautiful. She was just slightly shorter than Judy's five foot six, and had a slightly fuller figure, but then the slenderness of youth had given way to the softer curves of maturity in both of them. Her main assets though, were her boobs, full and high and still firm even after motherhood. Bryan knew that Judy would readily have swapped them for her own smaller ones. He found it difficult not to keep looking, for it seemed as if Ellen's breasts were determined to make themselves get noticed with their long nipples and dark areoles, colouring that complemented her naturally tanned skin and raven hair. He had to acknowledge that Lee was right and his wife looked gorgeous and very, very sexy. Her perfection only marred by the faint stretch marks left by her two sons. Judy had no such marks, but then she had no such sons either and he knew she would almost certainly have gladly traded.

Bryan shook himself, realising that he was ogling his best friend's wife, and pushed his shorts down his legs, trying not to look as Ellen did the same. But then he couldn't help staring again, for Ellen was shaved smooth, her pussy completely hairless and looking extremely enticing. Perhaps, he told himself, perhaps if she'd known this was going to happen Judy would have done the same. Her bush of mousey hair was not over exuberant, but he still felt unexpectedly drawn to Ellen's silky smooth pubes. He wrenched his eyes away and turned to look at Lee instead, feeling slightly jealous of him.

It was no better. Once again he felt jealous of his friend when he saw that Lee was the proud owner a very thick and hard, circumcised and mushroom-headed cock that sprang up and waved in front of him as he slid his shorts down and added them to his pile. He caught Judy staring too and grinned self-consciously, automatically glancing down to compare Lee's with his own longer but slimly pointed uncut weapon. He dragged his eyes away for a second time, wondering where to look and blushing just slightly as he fleetingly contemplated what it would be like to see Lee with Judy. He scolded himself, reminding himself that they had agreed to exhibitionism not wife swapping.

'C'mon.' Judy said, pulling Bryan from his thoughts, her voice husky from arousal. 'Let's do it.'

Wanting, in fact needing, to get on with things, Judy grabbed Ellen's hand and led her to the quilt, indicating a side for each so that the women could settle themselves alongside each other.

'Ready?' She asked as the two women lay side by side.

Ellen licked her lips nervously and then nodded, and they both spread their legs, exposing themselves to their audience. The men stared at their open pussies, eyes going from one to the other as if comparing them, while the women stared up simultaneously at the two erections standing before them and did exactly the same thing.

As Bryan gazed down at the two women, sprawling there with their legs open and their pussies on deliberate display, he couldn't help but speculate about what it would be like to fuck both of them. He knew Judy well, of course, every part of her beautiful body, every curve, every line; he was familiar with them all. But Ellen, now that was different. He had known her for years although he had never looked at her like this before, certainly never touched her, and he had no idea what would turn her on or off, but he couldn't help wondering what she would be like in bed. He'd love to know what Ellen's firm, full boobs felt like. Now there was a sexy thought.

God, but he felt randy. The whole scenario was turning him on big time, especially having his friends there and knowing they would soon see him fuck his wife. It would be the most erotic thing he had ever known. They were really going to do it, he was going to watch and be watched in a sort of shared fuck, side by side, all four of them naked and aroused. He wondered fleetingly if they would be able to keep to their own partners, or if they'd get so carried away their hands might stray. He shook his head and once again thrust that unwelcome thought away; the scenario was kinky enough without that. He forced his mind back to his own partner, troubled by his uncalled-for thoughts.

He knelt between his wife's wide open thighs and guided his cock towards her entrance, realising to his surprise that she was literally trembling with excitement and need. There was no foreplay, there was no need for foreplay; he simply lined himself up and thrust into her, right into Judy's wet and slippery pussy. Her arms came around him as he pushed himself to full depth and he heard her sigh into his ear with satisfaction. For a moment he was surprised at how turned on she was, but then it was only the same as him. He smiled and looked down at her, only to find her smiling up at him just as excitedly.

'All right?' He mouthed silently, eyebrows raised questioningly.

She nodded eagerly. 'Yes. You?'

He nodded back then closed his eyes and pushed into her suddenly as hard as he could, making her gasp. Beside them Ellen gasped too, and Bryan automatically glanced across to see Lee adjusting his position above his wife, obviously having just buried his cock deep inside her.

They fucked silently apart from the gasps of the women receiving their husband thrusts and the heavier breathing of the men as they pushed and plunged into their wives. Each of them was gazing at the others, their eyes moving from one to another in turn, not caring that they too were being seen but just taking extra pleasure and stimulation from the naked bodies around them. Bryan wished momentarily that he could actually see Ellen's pussy with Lee's cock pistoning in and out of it, but from their side by side position it was not possible and he had to content with looking at her face, comparing the signs of pleasure and exhilaration with those in Judy's animated expression. This was, he acknowledged, the horniest thing he had ever done. He could already feel the first signs of a climax building and he wondered who would come first. Then Ellen glanced up and caught his eye, smiling with pleasure as she was rocked by her husband's forceful movements. 

'I think I'm going to come soon.' She announced breathlessly to everyone.

'I won't be long either.' Judy commented with a giggle as Bryan's gaze swung back to his wife, her words gasped in time to his thrusts. 'This is so bloody hot.'

Ellen smiled sideways at her friend. 'Keep looking at me when I do come, I want you to watch me, and Bryan too.'

Judy smiled and nodded her promise. 

'Oh, don't you worry, I'll be watching.' Bryan reassured her, slamming an extra hard thrust into Judy as if to emphasise his answer. 'So long as you watch us.'

He looked down at his wife, catching and holding her gaze so that they stared and smiled at each other as they fucked, very conscious of the couple beside them but locked into their own world of pleasure. Suddenly he felt someone scrabbling urgently at his shoulder, and glanced around to see Ellen clutching at them, reminding them of their promises.

'I'm coming soon.' Her voice was breathless and urgent.

While Bryan still pounded himself into her Judy took hold of Ellen's hand, holding it tightly as she and Bryan both turned their faces to watch her coming, the thrill of her impending climax adding to their own pleasure and bringing their own orgasms just that little nearer. Somehow just seeing his wife holding Ellen's hand at such an intimate moment seemed to Bryan to make it as if they were all combined into one, each of them taking pleasure in the other's satisfaction.

Recognising his wife's need, Lee increased his tempo, driving into her harder and faster, making her gasp and thrust back at him. Ellen turned her head to look over at Judy and Bryan, an expression of high arousal on her face, half smile, half grimace.

'It's happening.' Ellen told them through clenched teeth when she saw them looking at her, then immediately closed her eyes and tensed her muscles as her climax struck. 

It seemed to Bryan that Judy was sharing Ellen's orgasm, because every time she gasped and jerked, her hand tightened on Judy's and she gasped in turn as it sent a wave of surrogate pleasure through her, topping up the wonderful sensations that their own lovemaking was producing. He loved the way Ellen reacted to her climax, her head thrown back, her eyes closed and her mouth open, her bottom raising from the quilt in response to Lee's thrusts to rub her thigh against Judy's, and, most sexily of all, the way her legs opened and closed around Lee's sides as if trying to trap him against her. The effect of being with his friends as they made love was bringing his own orgasm closer, and he could feel by Judy's movements that it was having the same effect on his wife. Very soon, he knew, they would both come as strongly as Ellen. It was getting so, so close.

'I'm coming.' He told anyone who wanted to listen, his movements starting to become erratic.

'And me.' Judy whispered urgently, her free hand clamping around his back.

They came at the same time, Judy's vagina contracting around Bryan's shaft as he pushed hard into it to spurt his cum deep inside her, the two of them groaning and grunting together in a kind of erotic counterpoint. All the time Judy held onto Ellen's hand, keeping them both aware of the other couple, until finally when they lay gasping together and could look towards their companions, they were just in time to see Lee, red faced and sweating, pushing hard into Ellen as he came too.
