 Part 1: First Service

I had met Julia at the sports club. She was a striking 30-something blonde with a small bust and long legs that enabled her to move around the tennis court with a cat-like grace. She was married to Richard, a mid-thirties dark-haired IT professional who could just about hit a tennis ball but was happy working out in the gym. They nearly always visited the club as a couple and seemed inseparable.

Many of the men at the club probably harboured naughty thoughts about Julia and seemed a little distracted when they were on court with her. At the friendly mixed doubles evenings her playing partners often seemed mesmerised when she was at the net bent slightly forward waiting for a point to start. I had played with her in ladies doubles matches and fully understood the reason.

Even though she was giving them 10 years or so, she could definitely compete body and grace-wise with the crop of young blonde Russian players who had recently burst through onto the professional tennis scene.

We were chatting after a match and Julia suggested that we go out for dinner the following weekend. Richard's brother, Tony, would be visiting them and he was a singleton like me. I expressed my doubts at the prospective blind date but Julia and Richard worked on me until I relented. It was agreed that we would all meet at a popular gastro-pub early in the evening. They already had a table for three booked and expected no problem increasing it to four.

Sure enough, the next day I received a phone call from Julia confirming that the meal was booked for 7.30pm. My doubts of the previous evening had returned overnight but, as they had gone to the trouble of altering their booking, I confirmed that I would meet them as arranged.

The next two days were filled with worries on my part but I finally decided that it wasn't actually a date and that I should just chill out and enjoy some different company for an evening. 

On the Saturday I visited the hairdressers to help me feel better about myself then had a lazy afternoon and a nice soak in the bath. Of course I shaved my legs and trimmed my pubes. There's just something about taking care of those things that seems to be an integral part of the ritual of going out to dinner.

I started to get ready by picking out a nice black matching bra-and-panty set, then applying a light dusting of make-up and my first layer of red nail varnish. Once my nail varnish had dried I rolled very sheer black hold-ups up my legs. I looked at myself in the mirrored wardrobe door and felt a slight thrill at the contrast of the exposed skin of my thighs between the hold-ups and my panties.

Even though I wasn't going out on a romantic date I was dressing in a way that made me feel sexy and attractive. I suspected that Julia would be dressed very nicely too. There was no way I would be able to compete with her but, at the same time, I did not want to appear as her dowdy mum.

I took my dress out of the wardrobe. I had decided on a dark blue dress that complimented my figure and ended just above the knee. I unzipped it, stepped into it, slipped my arms through the sleeves and zipped it up to the top. A quick twirl confirmed that I was looking good so I slipped on my shoes with 3-inch heels to complete my outfit, then sat down to apply the final layer of nail varnish and await my transport..

I had ordered a taxi to take me to the gastro-pub, which was on the outskirts of the town centre, just where the green belt starts. When the taxi arrived the driver just tooted his horn. As I closed the front door I was surprised to hear him open his car door and even more surprised when he opened the rear passenger door for me. Even though his eyes bored into me, mentally undressing me it seemed, I was impressed by his solicitous approach. I wondered if all middle-aged women received such attention. I liked the attention and made a note to use this taxi firm again.

As we pulled into the pub carpark I saw Julia and Richard getting out of their car. As I had suspected, Julia was also 'dressed up' -- no blouse and trousers for that girl. She wore a simple black dress with spaghetti straps over her shoulders. It was slightly low cut at the front, revealing a small amount of cleavage, flared out slightly from her waist and ended mid-thigh, calling attention to her toned legs.

I was so distracted by Julia's dress that I hadn't noticed Richard approaching my taxi. All of a sudden my door opened and Richard smiled at me.

"Hi Sue, I'm really glad you stuck with it and came along." He said as his eyes roamed over my body.

I swung my legs out and he averted his eyes as he offered his hand to me to help me out of the car. 'Very chivalrous' I thought.

"Thank you." I said as I stood up then brushed my hands down my dress to straighten it.

"You look lovely." Richard said as he continued his appraisal of me. "You've had your hair done. It's very nice."

Now that was impressive. How many men notice when a female casual acquaintance has been to the hairdressers?

Richard offered me his arm as we walked across the carpark to where Julia was waiting with a man who looked very similar to Richard but slightly older.

"Sue, Tony. Tony, Sue." the introductions were made. I held out my hand to shake Tony's and was surprised when he lifted it to his mouth and gently grazed the back.

"Lovely to meet you." he said.

He released my hand and I turned to Julia. We exchanged hugs and a kiss on each cheek and complimented each other on our appearance. She seemed slightly nervous but I put that down to her arranging the foursome involving her brother-in-law and a friend.

I expected Richard to take Julia's arm but he again offered his arm to me. I linked my arm with his as Julia linked arms with Tony and we headed to the entrance of the restaurant part of the pub.

We were shown to a quiet table. Julia and Tony moved to the far side while Richard and I took our seats. We ordered our drinks then studied the menus. The waiter took our orders and the evening got under way with general chat, mostly about the club but we eventually switched to more personal details, slowly fleshing out our respective histories.

I'm not sure when it happened but between the starters and main course I suddenly realised that Tony's right hand was no longer on the table. I thought I heard a slight moan from Julia but decided that I was imagining things. Then I felt a bit embarrassed when I realised that her nipples were much more prominent through her dress than they had been earlier.

"Earth to Sue" suddenly penetrated the fog that had surrounded me. I realised that Richard had been talking to me.

"Sorry, what was that?" I replied.

He laughed and leaned towards me. I felt his hand resting on my leg. "It doesn't matter. You seemed to be a bit distracted."

I looked again at Julia and she seemed to be breathing deeply. Her chest heaving a little.

I felt Richard's hand move slightly up my leg so I covered it with mine, pressing firmly to prevent any further progress. When I thought he'd got the message I eased the pressure and his hand stayed where it was. I was a little uncomfortable with his familiarity but decided not to make an issue of it.

I was brought out of my reverie by a brief whimper followed by a sigh from Julia. I stared at her face and when she opened her eyes she immediately looked downwards. I looked at Tony. He was looking towards Richard. He nodded his head slightly and a the turned up edges of his mouth betrayed his grin. When I looked at Richard his eyes dropped towards the table.

I took Richard's hand in my own and removed it from my leg.

"I need to find the Ladies. Julia, can you help me?" I asked after a brief pause.

She eased her chair back and stood up.

"What the heck was that?" I asked as we entered the ladies.

"Sorry, I wasn't expecting anything to happen here."

"What do you mean?"

"Richard wants me to make out with Tony. He's been pressurising me to try someone else for a while and I've been resisting, but I suspected that he would turn up the heat this weekend just because of the way he has been talking about it more and more recently. Basically, ever since we invited Tony to stay for the weekend.

I hoped that by inviting you along it would lessen the pressure but it just seems to have made the situation worse. Richard has also been hinting that you seemed quite liberated and might even keep him company while I was with Tony."

I gasped at the nerve of the man. Julia realised that I was not happy.

"Let me finish. It started as soon as we got came out tonight. He suggested I sit in the back seat of the car with Tony on the way over here. Tony spent the drive here brushing his hand against me every chance he got. Eventually it started having an effect. By the time we arrived I was tingling slightly.

As soon as we sat down at the table his hand rested on my leg and eased its way upwards. I knew I was in trouble because Richard had persuaded me to leave my underwear off. Sure enough, in only a couple of minutes Tony's hand was at the top of my leg, gently caressing my thigh.

Sorry, I'm being very frank here. I hope you don't mind."

I realised that I had gotten engrossed in her telling of the evening's adventures and wanted to hear the conclusion, even though I thought I knew where it was heading. "Don't worry about that. Go on." I said, almost too enthusiastically. I thought a little sparkle appeared in Sue's eyes as she continued.

"Well, I think you heard me moan as his finger worked its way down between the join of my legs and finally made contact with my sex. I couldn't help it. He had worked me into quite a state of anticipation. I eased my legs apart a little and before I knew it his fingers were moving over my slit.

I knew I was damp and I moved my leg further towards him to give him better access to my private parts. After a little bit of teasing my lips with his fingers he positioned his fingertip at my entrance and just stopped. It was such a tease I couldn't decide what to do. I felt so bad but wanted, no, needed, him to go further. But he wouldn't.

I edged myself down in my seat but he kept his finger exactly where it was. I noticed Richard lean towards you and as he did so Tony pushed his finger just inside me. It felt wonderful after his teasing and I had a mini orgasm.

I realised that I'd made a noise when I saw you looking at me. I felt so embarrassed."

"Good grief Julia." I said as she looked at me with a worried expression. "I think it's disgraceful of Richard and Tony, especially Richard, to put you in that position. But it sounds as if Tony knows what he is doing."

"Oh without a doubt." She replied.

"Well, let me say that your description has had a bit of an effect on me but I am not inclined to let those sods think they can get away with such manipulation of you."

She looked a bit confused. "What do you mean?"

"Okay. Do you think you can resist Tony's attentions for the rest of the evening but lead him on at the same time?"

"Possibly. Why?"

"Look, we'd better get back to the table. I've got the outline of a plan in my mind but I need to develop it a little. For the rest of the meal I will be more attentive to Richard and you should be the same with Tony. Before we leave we'll come back to the ladies and I'll explain everything."

"Okay. You've got me interested. I know I can play along."

With that we returned to the table.

Richard and Tony asked if everything was okay and we assured them everything was fine. Julia flashed her wonderful smile at her husband and his brother and they seemed to relax as we took our seats. Shortly afterwards our main courses arrived.

For the rest of the meal I was attentive to Richard. I'm not sure exactly what was happening on the other side of the table, especially given what had gone before, but I kept Richard at bay whilst at the same time showing apparent interest in him. I did allow his hand to rest on my leg and creep up my thigh under my dress. Once he reached the skin of my upper thigh however I made sure he made no more progress.

I even returned the compliment for a little while. The first time my hand rested on his leg his eyes widened and he swallowed nervously. That confirmed to me that he still wasn't fully convinced about the possible ending of the evening. Being the devil that I am I particularly enjoyed running my fingertips up and down his leg, causing him to squirm in his seat as he tried to place his order for dessert. I'm sure the waiter knew something interesting was going on because he had a smirk on his lips all the while he was writing down our order.

Once we had finished dessert and the coffee was ordered Julia and I made our way to the Ladies powder room again.

"God Sue, I'm so aroused I'm surprised my nipples haven't split my dress. Tony has had his hand on my leg for virtually the whole meal. He's even managed to stroke my stomach but I have kept my legs tightly closed to keep him away from my slit."

"Well, Richard hasn't been quite that forward with me. I think he is still a bit shell-shocked at what seems to be happening. I confess that I have been stroking his leg quite a bit."

"Yes, I thought that might be why he was moving around so much. I've done the same to Tony. Both of them have been at the table all night. Do you think that can't get up because of the state we have got them?"

"More than likely. Right here's my plan." I then proceeded to explain how I saw the remainder of the evening panning out. As I did so, she smiled that wonderful smile and clapped her hands together.

"I'm not sure if I can do that," she said "but I'm willing to try. I have to admit that I am quite shocked that you would come up with something like that Sue."

"My years of experience coming to the fore I'm afraid Julia."

We were both laughing as we returned to the table. The coffees had been delivered. They were quickly dispatched and the bill paid. The two men insisted on paying and I wasn't going to complain at having had a lovely dinner free of charge.

I was not surprised when, on reaching the car, Julia moved to the rear passenger door. Richard opened the front passenger door for me as Tony opened the rear door for Julia. I made sure that I gave Richard a glimpse of the tops of my thighs as I settled in to the seat. When he got into the driver's seat I reached across and patted his leg.

He turned to me and said "You'll have to direct me to your house Sue, I'm not exactly sure where you live."

"But Julia asked me back to your house." I replied. "She even said that I could stay the night if I wished, and I might just take her and you up on that offer. Then you will be able to have a drink when we get there without worrying about driving me home later."

I was quite touched when he nervously swallowed and glanced at his wife in the back seat.

"Yes, that's right" she said. "We have a spare room even with Tony staying with us. I told Sue that one of us would run her home tomorrow."

"Oh, okay." was Richard's quiet reply.

As we drove the short distance to their home, there was very little noise from the back seat. I could tell that Richard was trying to see what was happening whenever he looked in the rear view mirror. I wanted to turn around and look myself but spent the time with my hand flicking between Richard's leg and my seat belt, which I kept lifting away from my chest complaining that it was chafing. I suggested that they should buy some foam covers for their seatbelt straps.

I was a little worried that Richard was a bit too distracted. He was trying to watch the road, catch glimpses of the back seat, look at me without staring at my chest and sneak looks at my legs, where my dress had 'accidentally' crept upwards to reveal the skin of my upper thighs above my hold-ups.

"Here we are." he said a bit too loudly as we drove onto the parking area in front of their house. I heard a girlie giggle from the back seat and I wondered how far Julia had actually gone with Tony. I also hoped that she would still be 'lady enough' to go through with the plan -- not that we would be behaving in a very lady-like manner.

Richard unlocked the front door and we all walked into the house. I made sure that I grabbed Julia and we quickly dashed upstairs, ostensibly to sort out the spare room and for Julia to show me the bathroom etc.

"Just put some music on and pour us some drinks darling." Julia called down as we made it to the top of the stairs.

We entered the master bedroom and Julia suddenly stopped and turned around. I ran straight into her and we tumbled onto the bed. Somehow one of my hands ended up on her breast and I could feel her nipple pressing into my palm. I pressed back a little and she moaned.

"My oh my. Aren't we a bit wound up?" I said.

"Tony had his fingers inside me again in the car and I got my hand on his cock." She said. "He kept sliding his fingers across my slit and then licking them clean. God, it was so hot watching him do that Sue."

"What, like this?" I said as I slipped a hand up under Julia's dress and found her very wet slit. Her legs opened automatically and I ran my fingers around, across and between her lips, feeling no hair. "Hmm, I wonder if she's completely shaven." passed quickly through my mind as I withdrew my fingers and raised them to my own lips. I was pleasantly surprised at the slightly sweet taste of her juices and my mind raced ahead to what would be happening later.

As I licked my fingers clean I sat up on the bed and turned my back to Julia. She immediately reached up and unzipped my dress. As it fell off my shoulders and down my arms I felt her fingers at the clasp of my bra. Although it was not a tight bra, when it was loosened and it moved away from my chest, the release of my breasts enabled my nipples to stand out, revealing the level of my own arousal. "Ah, what relief!" I laughed.

All of a sudden I felt Julia's arms reach around and cup both of my breasts.

"Hmm, a nice handful." I heard her say. She tweaked my nipples and an electric shock went through my body straight to my pussy. I groaned "Naughty girl." But she just laughed in reply.

She released my breasts and I removed my bra. As I was bringing my dress back up onto my shoulders Julia climbed off the bed, walked around in front of me and knelt between my legs.

I leaned back and lifted my bum as Julia reached up and found my panties, which she started to ease down my legs. I straightened my legs and she worked my panties down them and over my shoes, then she threw the somewhat damp garment into the corner of the room.

"Hold on a minute." She said. Then she ran her hand back up my legs. Before I realised what was happening she had parted my legs and I felt her fingers at the entrance to my pussy. She did exactly what had done to her. A quick delve and swipe across my lips then raised her fingers to her mouth. 

"Very nice!" was all she said.

All of this had only taken a couple of minutes but I was conscious of the men downstairs and didn't want them wandering upstairs looking for us.

We stood up "Quick, help me with my dress please." And Julia zipped me up.

We stood next to each other as we looked in the mirrored doors of her wardrobe. We laughed as we realised the picture Richard and Tony would see. Our nipples were very prominent and it wouldn't surprise me if they picked up our musky scent of arousal too. 

"Perhaps we ought to complain about the cold and ask Richard to turn up the heating." Julia joked.

When we walked into the living room it was in semi darkness. Richard had lit lamps in opposite corners of the room but had not turned on the overhead or wall lights. There was some slow quiet music playing. I glanced across and saw an iPod between two speakers. I wondered what playlist Richard had chosen. Perhaps it was his "get my wife seduced" selection.
