 Mizzblacknblue and I finally met up with our #1 lady friend and her man.

We went over to their house fully aware of the nights events to come but it started out with a few drinks and then the ladies going upstairs to play dress up for the boys. When they came down finally my Mizz was wearing the most bad ass red dress I have ever seen her wear. It was extremely low cut and her tits were begging to be let out and kissed and sucked. The slits on the sides went all the way up to her waste and her legs poured out from the fabric every time she moved. Her friend was wearing a short tight black cocktail dress that made her ass look more edible than usual. Her Man and I sat on the couch in awe of these two creatures before us. Two confident, sexy ebony ladies that knew they had us standing at attention in our pants from the moment they walked down the stairs to greet their men. 

After the girls saw the obvious approval on our faces they moved in closer to each other. They placed their arms on each others wastes as our friend said. "O.k. Now for something I know you guys will like" just then her grip on my wife moved from her waist down to her ass and pressed her tight and close against her body. The ladies then began making love to each others mouths with their wet lips and tongues. The wonder twins continued this hot display while us guys just enjoyed the view while trying to keep our jaws off the floor.

After the little teaser show the ladies moved to meet us on the couch. Mizz straddling my lap with her bare pussy rubbing my crotch through my pants and our friends next to us getting lost in each other for a sexy little make out session. In between kisses the conversation between the four of us drifted to what was going to happen as soon as we got to the bed room. This is when we revealed that we brought our bag of goodies containing the usual strapons, hitachi, plugs and our FUCK MACHINE! Our friend requested a smoke break before the party really got started and we all moved outside to continue the conversation of what was gonna happen next... 

Sitting outside the ladies exchanged some more kisses and suggested that maybe we should just get to the bed room and strip down and just see what happens, I believe this was done to comfort our friends man because he has never played with others, let alone watched his lady with others outside of a few skype shows we all did for him. After the standard pre-play negotiations and rule setting the four of us walked hurriedly into the house and to the bed room ready to do what we came to do. The ladies stripped out of their outfits first and as much as I enjoyed seeing the ladies all dolled up, watching the fabric dance down their bodies and on to the floor was a much more enticing sight. Next us guys shed our cloths and this was the first time Mizz and I got to see him naked. We knew he was a fitness nut but seeing it first hand was quite a shock. He is a few inches shorter than me but built like 80's action movie star. And his impressive cut cock was also more appealing in person as well. 

The festivities started with our friend laying on the bed while MIZZ inserted the fuck machine cock into her, and placed her 8000rpm Hitachi on our buddies cute little clit. Once the machine started lightly fucking her and her soft moans turned to gasps of pleasure, MIZZ started kissing her inner thigh making her way to her now swollen clit. Moving the hitachi out of the way MIZZ looked at me the way she knows I like her to before performing oral sex on a partner. My erection was all she needed to see as she dove in to her friends now soaking wet pussy as she turned the power up all the way on the fuck machine. Our friends now convulsing body with my wife between her legs and getting fucked by a mechanical cock was a powerful sight. Her man and I were up towards the head of the bed just watching the wonder twins in all their glory. His eyes were dancing around the entire room taking in the erotic display in front of him as I could tell he was getting more comfortable thanks to the two goddesses showing off in front of us. It was at this time our little friend grabbed both her boyfriends cock and mine and started stroking them, her directions were simple " come take turns fucking my mouth you two"...

Her mouth was on fire! Sucking with such ravenous urgency while jerking her man off. Every thrust from the machine and now my wife who was three fingers deep in her pussy while still sucking away at her over stimulated lips and clit. Her man and I taking our time sucking her nipples and licking our way around her neck and tummy while receiving our first class lip service. The scene was almost to much to take but I knew the night was just getting started so I concentrated on my breathing while watching the love of my life bring her lovely friend to the brink with her oral assault AND THEN IT HAPPENED. Stopping in the middle of sucking her boyfriend our lady looked up at him and said "kiss me". Without missing a beat those two were mere inches from my rock hard wet cock kissing each other like no tomorrow, it was then that she grabbed my cock and pulled me in closer, so now it was the only thing between their two mouths. With a wink from her and an understanding nod from him she guided my dick into his waiting mouth. Mizz stopped what she was doing so she could come get a better view, in between her kisses to my body her friend sucking my balls ever so softly and now mr. Action star taking my cock down his throat... It was as if i was made out of lightning!

After my trip to bliss land that also out over my body while Mr. Sucked me off, and then our lady blowing him while he continued to work me over, it was Mizz's turn. After warming herself up on the fuck machine to the point of squirting and near exultation of friend left the room for a second. Mizz and I took the opportunity to tag team Mr.'s cock. It had been a long time since I tried giving oral to a guy but his moans were defiantly encouraging. A short time later our lady returned wearing her trusty strap on and instructed my wife to lay on her back and just enjoy her self. Remembering the last time she fucked Mizz with the strap I couldn't wait to see the sequel. She grabbed my wife's hips and slowly drove the fake cock in all the way to the hilt. Mizz closed her eyes and began to rock with her gal pal as our lady began to fuck her passionately. Watching my wife getting fucked by her sexy friend got my cock hard as hell again, and Knowing MiZz has a thing for forced group porn I grabbed her neck while she was getting plowed by her rubber friend and moved my body so I was straddling her tits. Squeezing her throat she had to open her mouth for air, this gave me the opportunity to. Shove my dick into my lovelies mouth and begin to tell her how great she sucks my cock while someone is fucking her. 

After about 10 minutes of Mizz getting the business from us she needed a break as did our lady. We all walked back outside to catch some air not even worrying about being nude, after a few drags from her cigarette our lady chimed in " ya know what I wanna see now" looking towards me " I wanna watch you fuck my boyfriend". This excited me because this was gonna be the first time doing anything besides oral with a guy, and what better way to get that notch on the belt then with my wife and her sexy friend there. After he said he was down for it we made our way to the sex filled bed room again. Our lady laid down on the bed and instructed her man to lay on top of her. With them almost in the missionary position she wanted to watch his face while I fucked him. MIZZ grabbed the video camera per request and I proceeded to place a condom on my cock. I hopped up on the bed and pumped some lube in my hand. Stroking my cock watching these two in front of me while my wife filming was more then I needed and I move the head of my dick towards his equally virgin hole. After some awkward moments of trying to line everything up I was in and pumping his ass with all I had. Grabbing his sides while he and our lady made out was a hot scene and knowing it was all on tape made it that much better. We carried on like this for a bit until the constant battering of his prostate was too much. I pulled out of him slow but still enough to make his body shiver while bent over his lady.