 James and myself were regular performers at the local gay theatre, where we put on sex shows for the members of the public, as well as encouraging audience participation, be it from male or female participants. Following one of our shows, we were approached by Natalie, an organiser of a hen night party, to perform our sex acts in front of a group of girls. We were both astounded by the job as we had never performed out of the theatre before, and were not sure that a hen night would receive a gay act as well as in the theatre. When Natalie had told us that she and her friends from her office were regular attendees at the theatre, and that they would all be attending the hen party, we decided to give it a try.

On the night in question, we arrived at Natalie's house an hour before the party was due to begin, so we could both get ready. Natalie led us to the spare bedroom so we could get changed and stay out the way of Jane, the Bride to be; she had no idea that we were to be her special performers tonight.

Once Natalie had left us, we both stripped from our clothes. James turned at me and laughed,

"You're not wearing those pants again are you?"

I smiled too. I had on my favourite pair of latex pants, with a sheath for my cock, and a latex dildo that went up my ass. I always wore it before a show, firstly, so I could stretch my ass muscles, so when the shagging started I was already relaxed, and secondly, perhaps more importantly, I just enjoyed having my ass filled. 

"Just getting ready for your huge cock." I replied. 

Having completely stripped, James moved towards me, "Then let me help you remove them" he said.

He put both his thumbs inside my pants and pulled them down gently. My cock was the first to be freed as it slid out of the sheath, then James pushed me forward so I was bent over. He then teasingly pushed the dildo further up my ass slowly, before, even slower, pulling it out. I could feel my ass slowly contract as he pulled on it, before he pushed it back in fast. I grunted with delight as he then fucked me with my own pants; trapped where I was, unable to move because the rest of my latex pants were now around my thighs. 

"Ok, that's enough," he said. "We need to get ready, plenty of fucking later on." He pulled the dildo out of my ass, and suddenly I felt empty. Having removed my pants completely, he covered me in baby oil, making my completely shaved body glistening under the light. As he applied baby oil to my ass, he inserted a finger briefly, before rubbing some onto my dick, in long slow movements. I let him do so; it was always a ritual before a show where we would both tease each other before going on stage. My balls were now aching, ready to unload, after being briefly fucked and slowly tossed. James could feel my cock hardening to unload, so he squeezed me tightly with one hand, preventing any ejaculation. I relaxed, and then turned to rub oil onto his hunky frame. I started with his shoulders and then moved to do his chest. Standing behind him, I pressed my chest against his back, so some of the oil on me would rub off onto his back. I circled my fingers around his nipples as I playfully kissed him on the back of his neck, and slowly rubbing my cock in the crack of his ass. He groaned, pushing his bum cheeks back to grind against me and because of the oil, my cock slipped between his cheeks and I felt the tip hit the underside of his balls, resulting in a soft moan from James. I kissed him again, this time on the side of the neck. He went to turn his head to kiss me, and our tongues touched briefly when the door opened.

"Oh sorry," Natalie stood there holding two mugs of coffee. " I just...er...thought you may have wanted a drink before you start."

"That would be lovely, thank you." James said. We both untangled and moved towards Natalie to get our coffee. She looked at the both of us naked, her eyes wide, and being as observant as I was, I could see her nipples were erect through her soft cotton t shirt. We both took a mug from her, her eyes glancing alternatively from my 7-inch cock and James 9 incher. 

Gulping, she asked "May I?"

"Of course" I said, knowing what she was asking. She grabbed out both hands and took our cocks, her hands warm from holding our coffee. She closed her eyes as she slowly tugged on our dicks. With a mug in one hand, I reached with the other to her left nipple, and teasingly pinched at it. James did the same with her right, and we could both hear Natalie's gentle moaning in her throat.

"I love cocks," she whispered, "will you fuck us tonight during your show?"

"Only if you're a naughty girl," I said, and I moved my hand from her nipple to between her legs. Underneath her skirt, I discovered she was not wearing any underwear, so I moved my finger, locating her clitoris, before probing inside her fanny to moisten my finger. Eyes still closed, she gyrated herself against my finger, and now feeling it well lubricated, I moved back to her clit, and started rubbing gently. Again she moaned in silence, and I kept slipping my finger deep inside her regularly so as to keep a moist finger. While doing this, I finished my coffee, and put it down before turning to her side, so my left hand was now stroking her pussy, clit now between my index and middle finger, and my right was clenching her ass cheek. James finished his coffee, and moved behind her. Lifting her skirt, he positioned his cock over her now dripping fanny, and slowly penetrated deep inside of her. 

The shock of James' 9 inches pushed her forward, yet I kept her steady as my hand still had control over her fanny. I moved my right hand onto James' ass, and helped him with his slow thrusts, as he turned his head to face me. I closed my eyes and reached out with my tongue, searching for his, then I felt his warm, coffee flavoured mouth closing on mine. 

Still thrusting inside of Natalie, he put his hand on my ass cheek, so that we now steadied each other with one hand, whilst our respective other hands were supporting Natalie, mine on her pussy, James' on her right breast. I placed my own dick between James' thigh and Natalie's ass, so with every thrust, I could feel it being squeezed, my balls being knocked onto mine and Natalie's left thighs repeatedly, while occasionally, I could feel James' cock brushing the tip of mine. We must have remained like that for five minutes, when the doorbell downstairs rang. James was about to stop the shagging, but Natalie yelled "NO, don't stop now, FUCK ME, KEEP FUCKING ME!" James then picked up the pace, thrusting hard, and nearly knocking me over. I moved out the way to let James fuck Natalie, but she screamed at me to keep playing with her pussy, so I retook my position and as the doorbell rang again, Natalie suddenly let out a loud scream and threw herself off James' cock. She landed on her knees and remained there, shaking, but at the same time smiling. "Wow" she said. "Fucking awesome."

There was a loud knock on the door. "Had you better get that?" James asked.

"I can't," she replied. "Can one of you get it please? It's only the girls. Jane is the red-haired one by the way. Its her hen party."

"Well we're not quite ready, we need to get dressed..." I began saying.

"You are all ready, I can assure you. I just need some time to get my strength back," she said. I hesitated, but she continued, "These girls love watching you two. We come to the theatre every payday to get pissed and horny. When the girls see you, trust me, you won't need clothing. Just get straight into it. No build ups please, just straight into the shagging." 

I looked at James who smiled, "Sounds good to me!"

Seeing his Natalie-induced lubricated cock, I smiled back, wanting to taste her juices on James' magnificent tool. "What we waiting for then?"

We both headed downstairs, James going into the living area, in front of the burning log fire, and lying on the sheepskin rug, and me to open the door. I hid behind the door as it opened, so any passers by couldn't see me, and the girls walked in.

"About time" they chorused. They walked in, and I counted four of them in all, mostly between 20 and 40, though one must have been in her fifties. As they walked in, they turned to look at me expecting to see Natalie, and they all smiled when they realised who I was, except Jane, the bride to be. She stood there, transfixed.

"Oh my God, its you! From the theatre. What are you doing here?" 

I looked at her, and moving towards her smiling, I took hold of her long red hair, and brushed it softly away from her face before planting a gentle kiss onto her lips. "I'm one half of your present from the girls." I said.

She looked down at my still rock hard dick. "That the other half?" she smiled. I moved her towards the living room door. "No, that's the other half." I said.

She gasped with delight as she saw James, sitting near the fire, legs spread, supporting himself with his left hand and slowly jerking his cock in his right. All the girls moved into the living room to find a seat. Jane was still astonished at the present that the girls had bought her as Natalie walked in with boxes of bottled beer for everybody.

"Here we are girls," she said "plenty of food and drink here now. So we have no reason to leave the room while these two boys get down to showing us how to suck and take dick!" She was still looking flushed from her experiences upstairs, but I didn't care about that just then. Those experiences had worked me up so much I needed to both swallow cum and jettison it. James looked at me, knowing that was our cue.

I walked over to him, my cock pointing directly at him. He licked his lips, our pre-arranged signal that indicates that he will suck me off. So I approached to the side of him, and even before I had stopped, he had taken the tip of my dick in his mouth. Slowly he engulfed my entire shaft, rubbing his tongue on my underside as he slid his mouth back and two. I stood with my hands on my hips, enjoying the sensation of James' expert mouth. Every time he pulled away, he would stop and give a little nibble on the end of my dick, before thrusting his face forward again. I looked over at our small audience, all the girls staring at my cock appearing from and then disappearing again into James' mouth. One or two of them had already let their hands move to their crotches. 

I looked down at James' cock, standing proud, and eager to fuck. I pulled out of his mouth and gently slapped his cheek with my dick. He knew the signal, so he lay on his back. I positioned over him, so dick was back in his mouth, and now, supported by both my arms, I lay on top, leaving enough space for the girls to see, and I took James' throbbing cock head into my mouth. With his gentle wanking, Natalie's juices had rubbed off, so building up enough saliva into my mouth, I slowly spat onto his cock, letting all the saliva drip down from my mouth and down his entire shaft, before taking his whole length in my mouth. James let out a silent groan; I knew he did, not because I heard him, but because I felt the vibrations pass along my dick from his mouth. At the theatre, I was known as the deep throat expert, so I found his nine inches easy to take, and when I reached the bottom of his shaft, I pushed my nose into his balls, making him groan louder.

One thing about James is his teasing. He likes to suck slowly, much too slow for my liking in fact. So I took over the control of the pace, and instead of him sucking me, I was now thrusting in his face. I worked like a seesaw. Thrusting deep inside his throat, then deep-throating him, as my dick was withdrawing. I heard a moan from the other side of the room, and when I tried looking, I could see one of the girls had now started wanking herself furiously, though which one, I could not say, as my view was blocked by my arm. I thrust and sucked, thrust and sucked, and I could now taste James' pre-cum, taking care to swallow it when I was thrusting. His slightly salty taste was always a delight to swallow, never harsh, but very creamy and always hot.

As I was thrusting into his face, I was picking up pace and could feel my balls slapping against his nose, but I could also feel the vibrations of his groans travelling up through my shaft, and I knew it was nearly time for him to explode. I went to suck him quicker and quicker, stopping my thrusting movements, and letting my cock bob around above his face. His hands grabbed my ass cheeks, as he became noisily vocal.

"Nnngh, ngh...yes, oh yes...nnnnnnnngh!"

I felt his cock hardening in my mouth before I felt wave upon wave of James' cum hitting the back of my throat, and filling my mouth. I tried not to swallow any of it, but being a big cummer, James kept pumping his hot liquid into my face. I moved around, and planted my mouth over his, letting cum drip out from mine into his. Then I got up and looked at the audience. All the girls were now wanking frantically, and I moved to the closest one, the lady in her fifties, who was clearly enjoying the show. I knelt before her and placed my lips over hers, letting her taste James' cum. I could hear James moving behind me, then the loud kissing sound of James sharing his cum with another of the hen night party.

My lady was really lapping up the cum from my mouth, and she had also reached for my cock, pulling on it slowly. I stopped her, and then pulled down her knickers. Probing with my cock, I found that she was already wet, and with a little push I slid into her wet cunt. With a stifled moan, she resumed licking James' load from my mouth as I thrust gently deep inside her. Her pussy was tight, and it felt as if she hadn't had cock in a while, so I carried on with my fucking slowly, getting her fanny used to my thick 7 inches, with my balls rubbing against the fabric of her chair. James, meanwhile, had been around the remainder of the women, letting them all taste his cum by means of kissing and had now moved back to me. I could feel his wet finger slowly enter my ass, and then gyrate to make my opening bigger. Then I felt his warm tongue against my hole, and slowly he pushed it deeper into me, and then pulling out and rolling it around my rim. I stopped kissing my shagging partner, and turned to look at the other girls in the room. They were all watching me shag, and being rimmed, one or two with cum traces around their mouths, but all rubbing themselves with one hand, whilst the other was fingering their fannies. 

One of them cried to my lover, "Doreen, are you sharing him with us?"

I picked up my pace, thrusting faster and faster, showing the other girls (and James) what they were missing out on, then I could feel myself harden so I grabbed my cock with both hands and squeezed my dick tight to hold myself from cumming. I withdrew from Doreen, then moved onto the next girl in line, a young blonde, with small breasts. I placed my cock in her mouth and let her suck me. 

"I know," said James, "Lets play Musical Cock. I'll play some music, and all the girls have to pass the cock between themselves, only using their mouths. Whoever has the cock in their mouth when the music stops can be fucked by him"

The girls seemed pleased with this idea, it was a little game James and myself played in the theatre when we encouraged audience participation, though usually it was with the men in the front row. A very popular game shall we say.

So I found myself encircled by all the girls, and being passed around. The girls' wet mouths eager to hold onto my cock so I could fuck them, and they all varied their facial grips. Some held on with their teeth, some just by suction alone and some tickled my dick with their tongues as I went passed (or rather through) them. Jane took me in her mouth and was very reluctant to pass me on, instead to gently bit onto my cock, locked her lips around and sucked gently, I could feel myself cumming, but Natalie was next in line.

"Come on Jane, that's cheating, let him come around us all." She said.

And she placed her lips at the base of my shaft and brought me round to her. Her eyes never left mine, but Jane was still not for letting go.

"Don't worry Jane, we got something special lined up for you after." I said, and reluctantly she let go. Natalie immediately clamped her mouth over my cock then, and I stared into her eyes. She was still looking into mine as she went up and down my entire length, before passing me onto the brunette girl next to her. She quickly took me in her mouth then James stopped the music. Her eyes lit up and immediately let go of my cock and went to sit in a chair. 

I moved towards her, and she lifted her skirt to reveal a shaven fanny. I knelt down in front of her and ran my tongue along her pussy lips. She gave a gentle moan, and I could tell that her friends were both jealous and excited. I moved closer, opening up her blouse and unclipping her bra. I took hold of her large nipple between my teeth, and manoeuvred my cock in front of her wet and waiting hole. With a slight adjustment in my positioning, I found myself slipping in. I stopped, taking my time; enjoying watching the enjoyment on her face as she slowly took in my cock. I pushed half way in, before pulling out again. Her face showing pleasure and frustration as I teased myself into and out of her. Then without warning, I thrust all the way in, deep inside her wet, warm fanny, and I stayed there, buried to the hilt, for several seconds, before slowly withdrawing again. I couldn't really shag her fast, for fear of coming, so I slowly fucked her, feeling her pussy lips sliding down my long shaft as I enter, her legs now wrapped around my thighs, holding me in place. 

I saw James move to the small-breasted blonde beside where we were, and kissed her. She was receptive, but suddenly pulled back. I guessed what James had done, and now I could see his next stage. As he kissed her, he slipped a condom into her mouth, that's why she pulled back. But now she got the idea too as James stood up, and placed his hard cock against the blonde's mouth. She placed the tip of the condom against James, and then using her lips, she rolled it down the length of his shaft. He then turned to me, and first, he inserted a finger, then two, before actually placing his throbbing head against my opening. I withdrew slightly out of the brunette, just so my tip was resting inside her. James pushed gently, and I found myself falling deeper into my current lover. As James pushed deeper in, I found I had nowhere else to go, so as I struggled to take 9 inches of James up my ass, I was wriggling deep inside the girl in front, her nails digging into me, and my ass getting fuller and fuller. 

Natalie could take no more watching so she dived onto her knees and started kissing me, her tongue probing mine, as my dick probed the brunette and my ass was being deeply probed by James. I moved my hand to Natalie's crotch and she continued to kiss me as I found her clit again, and rubbed it between my fingers, letting James control my fucking of the brunette by his pace whilst fucking me. I felt James lean in to throw his tongue into the kissing circle, and both he and Natalie were now kissing me all over my neck and shoulders. With James picking up the pace too, I felt my balls tensing and my cock hardening. I looked back at the brunette I was fucking, and she felt it too. She tensed her body, nails digging into my sides now as I finally came, letting out jets of hot liquid deep inside the brunettes fanny. The more I let out, the more she groaned, and I could feel my dick becoming sensitive, and yet James kept pushing me deep inside this fanny in front of me, and Natalie had her hand down around my balls, scooping up any escaped cum, and putting it in her mouth. Then a chorus of screams broke out from behind us, and we all turned to see Doreen and Jane, clinched together, rubbing each other's pussies, and they had both cum just watching our achievements.
