 It all started a few months back when Jan and I discovered we both liked to watch adult movies. We had been apart for several weeks, in different countries, and the distance had an effect we hadn't thought about. It was a good effect too and triggered all sorts of changes in both of us. We'd been together for several years at that time and I already knew I had found the woman of my dreams.

Jan is a tall brunette and very curvaceous with long legs and fantastic DD boobs. My 10. I already knew she was the best thing that had ever happened to me in all departments and she was not only amazingly sexy she had that special characteristic that all men want in their women, she was sexual. Her sexual experiences before we met had been talked about before and she had dallied in several group activities when she was a single woman. She'd tried the MMF and FFM threesome combinations and liked the sensation and had even experienced the adventures of a foursome made up of two couples. She enjoyed these times and I loved hearing of them and between us they were a distinct turn on and often a prelude to fantastic sex between us. Admittedly we used to make references during our love making to other fantasy people but it's never quite the same, is it dear reader. Over the years we discussed our fantasies and typically my fantasy was no different from all you men..the idea of having two beautiful women in the same bed was and is always going to be a major turn on but as it turns out it was also a big turn on for my gorgeous woman, soon to become elevated from the sexiest and horniest woman I had ever known to quite simply the sexiest and horniest woman walking the earth.

Jan has had a fantasy situation that started many years ago after seeing an adult movie that concerned a losing poker player having to give up his wife as payment to the remaining poker players. He had no choice but to settle his debt by letting four men have their way with his woman while all he could do was watch. Yes, four men and a voyeur, how about that. Many men with partners may baulk at the idea and I admit it's a pretty amazing fantasy but if you think about it and pretend you are anyone of those five men, sooner or later you'll realise that it's a great fantasy and a massive turn on.

So a few months back I began to search for similar movies on the internet and downloaded several likely candidates but to date I have been unable to find that very movie she so liked...but one day! On one of her visits to me we found ourselves watch a foreign film on TV, incapable of understanding any more than the pictures and Jan knew I had been alone and horny and no doubt suspected I had been watching and wanking to porn and she asked if I had any! Naturally my first inclination was to tell a white lie but my horny state got the better of me and I admitted I had. And within seconds we were watching our first porn movie together.

From that day things seemed to change and our heightened sexuality reached higher than I thought possible. To the degree that soon afterwards we were talking about various types a group sex. Of course my mind kept turning back to the four men and a voyeur but the possibilities of me and Jan with just another woman seemed more achievable and more likely. And the option of changing the extra woman for another man also became attractive to us both. And it was agreed that we were strong enough in our loving relationship to do that and that's what happened.

Our first experience, a few months back was actually a foursome. We met a lovely couple and met in a hotel not too far away from London. And from our early nervousness we experienced a fantastic night of unadulterated mutual orgasms that will never be forgotten but this story we can pick up later. But this was our first and no doubt not our last and since then we have enjoyed my personal fantasy and the variant of me and another man with Jan...but again I digress as we can come back to those later.

I had decided to bring Jan's fantasy to life and I was to be that voyeur. All I had to do was find four willing and able men to perform the fantasy for us. In itself not a mean feat as four guys together being watched by another is not everyone's cup of tea. But with some help from the contacts we had made and a little ingenuity I found the men I needed. The tools were in place and the location was easy. The fantasy was about to unfolded and become reality.

We almost never went out together without dressing up for the occasion. Stockings and suspenders were the uniform of the night as far as we were concerned. Quite often Jan would forego panties and leave her pussy exposed and readily accessible to me, so on this occasion all I had to do was get her to the location and get her in the mood; something that wasn't hard to do - remember she is the sexiest and horniest woman on the planet!

I had arranged to go to a function related to my work and although it was in central London and we could have returned home that evening I told Jan that I'd booked a hotel as a special treat for us. It was close to her birthday and although we had planned for her to fly over to me for that time I explained that this was just another birthday present so we could relax about drinking and the time and simply collapse into a plush hotel whenever it suited us. Did she believe me or did she suspect, I don't know for sure but I hope she didn't believe me and I hope she suspected.

Anyway the business do was a typically boring affair and I was having great difficulty hiding my enthusiasm for the coming event. As my thoughts passed from business to later my blood pressure raised and raised. The excitement and anticipation was almost unbearable. Added to which I couldn't stop thinking if she knew or suspected. Did she suspect, was she anticipating, was she getting excited, was she wet and desperate to caress her pussy and clit? Those couple of hours were agony but at a pre-ordained hour I worked my way through the crowd and said my goodbyes to the colleagues and clients. The time was close.

The hotel was just a short taxi ride from the function and I found it unbelievably hard to contain my excitement. We kissed in the taxi and I managed to slid my hand under her dress and stroke her pussy. She was wet, very wet. Had she guessed? Did she know? Or was it simply that we were kissing and fondling? Did the thought of being seen by the driver get her going? We reached the hotel and checked in. Our bags were taken up and we went into the bar for a night cap. It wasn't late, around midnight and there were a few people in the bar. One or two in dinner suits and fancy dresses an few business men and women and among them the four guys I had hand selected. I knew them, they knew me and we all knew the situation, so there was no eye contact, but we knew. It was close. My cock felt like it was ready to explode and worse I knew I wouldn't be joining in...all I was going to be able to do was watch. Did Jan suspect? Could she tell?

We downed the large G&T's and casually made our way to the elevators. We stepped into the lift and began our journey to fantasy. 

The room was large and extremely luxurious. The bed had been turned down and the lights were low. It looked a great setting, warm and comfortable. We unpacked our overnight bags and laid out our bathroom things and Jan began to distribute our toys, blindfolds and the various bits and pieces we liked to play with to enhance our lovemaking. By now I am ready to explode, the anticipation is at DEFCON 6! But I needed to give my signal to the guys. After putting out the Do Not Disturb sign on the hotel door - carefully leaving it unlatched I retuned to the room and rang reception. At least that's what I hope thought I was doing. 

The dial tone completed and I said "Room 206 here. Can I arrange for a full English breakfast for two please. Yes that's right. About 11:30 if that's OK? Great. Thanks."

The deed was done. In 15 minutes the fun would begin.

Jan was still dressed and I moved over to her and kissed her deeply. My hands wandered all over her body, clutching her bum and sliding the skirt higher and higher. My hands came around to the front so I could slip a finger into her wet pussy. I tasted the wetness and savoured what I was about to be denied. From my trouser pocket I withdrew a wide length of black satin ribbon an wrapped it around her head and covered her eyes. Two or three times around to ensure she could see nothing but darkness. She was about to rely on her other senses. I began to undress her. The intention was to leave all her underwear on and just remove her skirt and blouse but as she does from time to time she wasn't wearing knickers. She looked magnificent. Her breast wee heaving against her bra and I knew she was excited, expectant, anticipating. Did she know, had she suspected?

I knew I only had a couple of minutes alone and I wanted to take full advantage. I was about to witness her fantasy and I was not allowed to join in. I gently laid her down on the bed deliberately positioning her side on to the bed and opened her legs. I had just minutes to enjoy her body. Minutes to bring her close. I spent those minutes in extreme pain as my cock strained the material of my trousers and it was all I could do to stop my self from cumming - even without touching my cock.

The door opened softly. And my guys quietly stepped into the room. They had been in the room next door. All had been under instruction to shave their faces and shower fully. There were no clothes to be removed just dressing gowns. They slipped in the room as silently as possible and disrobed immediately. She must have heard by now? She must have. I lifted my self off Jan's pussy and licked my lips. She stirred and asked for more. I stepped back and looked at No1. His cock was a whopper and he looked fabulously fit and tanned. I beckoned him to move into my place which he did silently while the other onlookers watched him slip between Jan's open thighs and stroked her pussy lips with his tongue. Jan moaned. And I'm sure I sensed a smile on her face. She must have known by now.

"Oh, yes, just there. Oh yes, that's nice. There," she said softly.

I smiled and wished I had more cock to take all his blood that was going in that direction. Oh it hurts. I signaled to the other guys. They knew what to do.

No2 and No3 approached Jan's face and No3. gently placed his cock against Jan's lips. She opened her mouth and sighed. She smiled a wide smile. She knew now. No.2 bent over her and squeezed her breasts and began rubbing her nipples.

"Ohhhhh!" was all that was said.

No4. was last to move in. He climbed onto the bed and bent over Jan from the opposite side to No2. He sucked on her other nipple while No2 started to stroke his already erect and hard cock. Jan was sucking No3 and gasping for breath as he slowly pushed his long hard cock a little deeper into he wet mouth. Her arms began to extend outward, hoping to reach a hard member. She found No2 and he positioned her hand around his cock. She gently felt her way up and down assessing his length and girth. Her hand tightened and began to slowly stroke his cock.

As I began to move to the side and sat in the chair I could see her pull away from No3's cock as she quickly gasped for air, she whimpered and began to twitch and her hips started to move up and down in unison with No1's licking motion. Jan was close already, I could tell. A few more stokes and she would be having her first orgasm. 

No3. allowed her the breath and replaced his cock in her mouth and pushed deeper, building momentum. He was close too. The pace picked up and she began to shudder. Slowly at first and then she moaned. It was hard to moan now as her mouth was full of cock, No3 was close, he was going to cum at the same time. He was going to cum in my woman mouth. Jan let out a muffled screech followed by a louder moan. She was cumming, it was a big one. And No3. let lose at the same time. He pumped and pumped and his juices spat into her mouth and as he pushed seamen squirted from the sides of Jan's mouth. She continued to twitch and continued to suck hard on No3 while he filled her mouth with juice. Jan slowly calmed down and continued sucking until he was too sensitive and withdrew his large wet and now tender cock from Jan's open mouth and as he did she pushed the remaining sperm from her lips and let it gush over the side of her face and cheeks. No2 and No3 both let out a moan of delight.

No3. moved to the side and climbed onto the bed replacing No4. No4 wanted his cock sucked badly and I could see he was desperate to feel the sensations of Jan's wet mouth around his circumcised cock. But so did No2. They both moved into position and placed their cocks over her mouth. Jan opened wide. She made another 'mmmmmm' sound before arching her neck backwards to allow both cocks into her mouth.

No1. stopped his licking and stood up. His massive cock springing up and bouncing against his stomach. He opened her legs wider and lifted them up and positioned his cock against her wet and throbbing pussy lips. He used his hand to stroke his cock over her lips and flicked the end of his cock against her clit. She let out a moan and No1 thrust his cock deep into her pussy. He slapped hard against her, making her lift up and take the two cocks further into her mouth. No4 and No2 seemed close to cumming and as Jan sucked hard and squeezed their cocks with her tongue they also moaned. No1. began to speed up and he pushed hard and fast. 4 and 2 were about to cum together and fill Jan's mouth and more. 4 was first and shot a massive blast into her mouth making his cum spurt out between the two cocks. This immediately set 2 off and he came a second later. Her mouth exploded in cum and No1 pumped away like a train. 1 moaned and let out a gasp of air as he came. He pumped harder and harder and filled her pussy with juices. Jan was overflowing.

The only rampant cock besides mine was No3, who had recovered quickly and was ready for more but as No1 withdrew I realised that he was still hard. I knew than that we had a repeater on our hands.

3 moved into position and and pulled Jan over onto his belly. Jan knew what he wanted and placed her legs either side of his body. She lifted up and spread her legs and found his waiting cock. Slowly she slid down on to it.

"Ahhhh," she said "Fuck me. Fuck me hard!"

3 began to push his hips upwards and Jan pushed downwards. There was a loud slapping noise and and 3 grunted and Jan moaned out loud. Her first real chance to use he mouth for something other than sucking cock.

As 3 slowed down Jan whispered "Someone fuck my arse! I need a cock in my arse." And No1, was ready. He moved in behind Jan and stroked her cheeks. She knew what this meant and everyone slowed down while he eased his cock into her back door. Half an inch at first, then an inch. No3 could feel the tightening and uttered a quiet "Wow". 

No1 was in and pushed deeper. 3 began to move again, just a little. In and out, in and out. 1 pushed deeper.

Jan said "Oh, faster, faster." And they did. 1 and 3 got into a rhythm. As 1 pushed deep into Jan's arse 3 withdrew a little giving 1 more space. And then as 1 withdrew 3 pushed back in harder and faster. Their timing was perfect. In and out, in and out. No2 came back to life and put his body between me and Jan's face. His cock available for her to suck. She felt it bang against her face and opened her mouth wide to take it in.

At this point I got up from the chair and had to loosen the trousers a little. My cock was just too hard, it needed some room. I moved around to the side so I could see the two cocks enter he pussy and arse and was able to see her suck on 2's cock. Now was the time to remove the blindfold. I wanted her to see me. The blind came off and I could see she smiled as best she could with a face full of cock. Almost immediately 2 let out a wail and pumped his second load into Jan's mouth. She choked a bit as he pushed in deep and cum oozed from her lips on each push.

As 2 withdrew his cock Jan let his cum dribble from her mouth and lips but immediately No4 stepped into position and began wanking his long cock in Jan's face. He was close, you could tell from his expression and in a second or two, just a few more strokes he was going to spurt over Jan's face. She opened her mouth and put her tongue out to catch as much as she could. His cum squirted and some went into her mouth and much went over her face and neck as he pumped on his cock.

..... to be continued....