 The basketball tournament ran a little long on Saturday night but by twelve thirty or so we had the arena pretty much to ourselves. Except that is for Bobby the middle-aged custodian, who'd helped me set up the whole thing. He had this cozy little suite next to the shower room and he said he'd let us have the use of the place in return for one little favor. He wanted to watch. I'd shown him photographs of Kelly in her garter belt and stockings. I'd even shown him the shots of her face drenched with my sperm.

That pretty much clinched the deal. H said he couldn't wait to watch the sexy little slut take on five well-hung young guys. He cleaned up his suite, laid a mattress on the floor, and even set up some soft lighting so the place looked like a bedroom in a cozy brothel.

There was a kind of cubby-hole closet to one side with a removable panel that would allow him a full view of the place without Kelly or even the guys being aware he was there.

Kelly and I arrived while the boys were still in the showers. She wore a tiny mini-dress like the one she'd worn at our dinner. Underneath, she showed me, she wore just her black garter belt and stockings. No bra or underpants. We chatted while I checked my cameras and waited for the boys to finish in the showers.

"How are you feeling? You okay?" I asked.

"I'm great. I'm so fucking stoked for this I can't tell you. I've been able to think of nothing else."

"Your ass okay?"

She laughed. "It as tender for a while after you fucked me, but now I'm good. I'm ready to go."

She was kneeling on the mattress, waiting patiently, when the first of the boys stepped in from the showers. He was naked except for a towel around his shoulders and I heard Kelly gasp as she caught sight of his cock.

It was still damp from the shower and it glistened in the soft light like the branch of a tree after rain. It swayed from side to side as he moved closer, nine or ten inches of man-meat so heavy it still pointed to the ground. Cocks that big rarely point to the ceiling. They're just too damn heavy.

A second tall muscular athlete strode in behind the first, this one a handsome black guy, also naked, also with a massive prick gleaming and swaying down from his crotch. This one was at least as big as the first, maybe a bit bigger. A thick vein throbbed along its side, though like the first it was still far from erect.

Two more handsome young black men filed in shyly behind the first two guys. Also naked, also hung like horses. The first one had a prick slightly bigger than the first two, and even thicker, and the last guy had easily the biggest cock I'd ever laid eyes on. It was the thickest of all and I swear it was over a foot long. How he played basketball with that thing in his shorts I don't know. He must have had to wear a solid-state jockstrap to keep it in check.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" was all Kelly could whisper as the four handsome studs approached her. Her eyes had grown wide and her mouth was half open as she began breathing harder and harder.

"You approve?" I asked her, quickly slipping out of my own clothes. My cock is a decent size, but I felt a little self-conscious among all this prize-winning man-meat.

"I don't believe it! I've never seen cocks like these! I'm the luckiest slut in the world!"

All five of us moved into a close circle around her till she was enclosed in a ring of cocks. I slipped the straps of her dress off her shoulders and let it fall down around her waist. Her big beautiful tits came into view and the men gasped in appreciation.

"Kelly, I'd like you to meet Neil, and TJ, Rory and Phil," I said, getting the formalities out of the way. As I named each one she planted a soft kiss on each cock in turn.

"Hi guys, I'm honored to meet you," she whispered. "I want to suck and fuck each and every one of you. But first I want you to put all your cocks on my face."

It was an odd request, and for a second I thought she was going to start a cheer or something. But it made for a great picture. I focused my camera on her gorgeous face, beautifully made up as usual, as each of the men gently laid his cock on her upturned features. She had one on her forehead, one in each eye, and one across her cheek to the side of her mouth. I laid my own prick across her other cheek, the head touching her lips. Her face was completely covered with cock.

"You getting good shots of this?" she asked me, her hands gripping the backs of my thighs.

"I am," I assured her, my camera clicking.

She turned her head to the side after a second or two and folded those pulp lips over the head of Neil's cock. Her mouth slid down as far as it could go on the prick, but it was only an inch or two. The shaft was just too damned thick. And it was like that with the rest of the cocks as she moved around inside the circle. We'd pulled our pricks off her face at this point to give her room to suck us all. She folded a hand over each dick in turn and plowed as much meat as she could into her mouth.

She began to groan softly, as if she'd never known such excitement. Cock after cock she stuffed in her mouth, and after each suck she rubbed the steaming prick all over her face.

For good measure she dipped her head lower and licked and sucked each of the swollen ball sacs. Moans of pleasure began to come from one or two of the men.

"Such beautiful cocks! I love them all! Fuck, I love this!" she growled.

The cocks began to erect fully. And they were truly massive, jutting out over her face like glistening steel beams. One or two began to drool pre-cum as she moved around the circle.

"Could one of you please fuck me?" she gasped at last. One of her hands had been down between her legs, diddling herself, for some time. She was probably already very wet.

Rory, one of the black guys, lay down quickly on his back on the mattress. He held his enormous prick upright in his fist as Kelly straddled him, her dress long since tossed aside. She gripped his cock and nudged it between her legs. She began to sit down on it with a deep sigh.

I took shots of the insertion from behind, amazed at how her pulpy cuntlips molded themselves around the massive intrusion. She wasn't a big woman, but she seemed to absorb the whole monstrous cock with no problem. In seconds the entire shaft had disappeared.

She began to ride it, humping up and down on the glistening shaft in a steady rhythm. She whimpered and moaned the whole time, her heavy tits rolling up and down.

For a while the three men up front stood before her face as she sucked each of them in turn. She clutched a dick in each hand while she sucked the third. After a few seconds she'd switch over and suck another cock.

I moved around shooting all this and while I did so I saw TJ step away and come around behind her. Kelly knew at a glance what he was up to.

"Yes! DP me!" she croaked. "I want a cock up my pussy and a cock up my ass at the same time! I'll keep sucking while you do that!"

I handed TJ my trusty little bottle of lubricant and he took a scoop and smeared it between her ass cheeks. Another scoop he rubbed up and down his cock. Then he was crouching behind her, clutching his hard-on and tilting it down toward her anus.

I wasn't sure she'd be able to take this, his cock was so huge, but I knelt behind and filmed the whole thing anyway. I got great shots of TJ's massive prick slotting onto her asshole then disappearing inch by inch up her ass.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" she groaned, momentarily pulling her mouth off one of the two pricks still in her face. Both she and Rory had stopped moving while TJ eased his cock up her ass.

I'd never seen a double penetration up close before, much less photographed one, and I could feel my own hard-on dripping pre-cum juice as I crouched to record this amazing feat. To see this slender, petite white girl disappearing between two enormous black guys was amazing.

And both black cocks ended up penetrating her deeply. TJ had half his dick up her ass when he started pumping, driving more and more of it deeper at every stroke. Then both black cocks were fucking her hard, the black balls bouncing as they moved.

"Mmm!" Kelly groaned. She could no longer talk because her mouth was stuffed full with a third black cock. Phil, the only other white guy, was having his prick pumped in her hand.

I stepped to the side and let her free hand grasp my own dick, so that now she was truly servicing all five of us at the same time: she had a cock up her pussy, a second up her ass, a third in her mouth and one in each hand. What an amazing girl she was.

And as I stood there I caught a glimpse of Bobby the custodian, gazing out from his cubby hole. He seemed from this angle to have taken off all his clothes and was masturbating merrily.

The guys began to change position after a while. Rory moved up to fuck her ass while Neil slid underneath to fuck her pussy. TJ strode around to fuck her mouth and so on and so on. We all fucked her pussy, her ass, her mouth for the better part of an hour, till we were all dripping with sweat.

We also all had bloated balls, with massive loads of cum to deposit. The four athletes hadn't had sex for the whole tournament, so they were ready. And as each of us began to murmur that we couldn't go much longer without exploding, Kelly spoke up.

"In my face, okay? All of you. I want all five loads on my face. I want my face plastered with sperm. It's called bukkake, I think. I saw it in a video. And be sure to get lots of pictures!" she reminded me.

She lay down on the mattress between us, naked but for her stockings and garter belt, all her holes swollen with fucking, her gorgeous face tilted back to take as much sperm as she could. We moved in close, all five of us, our cocks rock-hard and glistening, and began to jerk off over her.

I forget who came first. There was a sudden groan and Neil, I think it was, shot a huge streamer of cum all up the center of her face. A second jet followed it, just to the left of her nose, pouring partly into her eye, and then he was tilting over to spurt on the other side of her nose, sealing shut her right eye in the process.

He must have shot off five, six jets of silver sperm, till her face was striped and dripping with goo. And he was just the first!

"Oh my! Oh fuck!" she grinned, taking each shot like a trooper. "Spurt it, baby! Spurt it! Plaster my slut face with sperm!"

Two guys started shooting around the same time, from each side of her face, and every single jet landed on her features with a loud splatter. Not one missed the mark. When jets collided in mid-air, they always fell down directly on their target.

Her cheeks disappeared under a blizzard of semen. And her forehead. Her chin. Both eyes. If she opened her lips her mouth was immediately filled till it was a gaping maw of overflowing sperm.

There were only two of us left, and we too began coming at he same time, firing stream after stream of heavy cream onto her lovely face. Which wasn't so much lovely anymore as unrecognizable. For our jets landed on top of what was already there. It was soon as if she had a quarter inch layer of semen clogging every last part of her face.

Phil, I guess it was, concentrated on her eyes. He seemed determined to fill both sockets to overflowing. She was already blinded with jizz, but Phil added to the pools, till semen streamed off down both temples in an obscene overflow.

I filled her mouth to overflowing, and sprayed the rest of my load on top of the quarts that already obliterated her face. We had pretty much destroyed her face, burying it under so many layers of white she was barely recognizable as human.

Which was when Bobby the custodian left his cubicle and joined us, kneeling over her with his thick hard-on in hand. In seconds he was pumping even more sperm onto her face, criss-crossing the steaming mass that glistened on her like molten lava.

My camera never stopped clicking. I had do record for posterity the most obscene bukkake I'd ever witnessed. And one by one all the young men backed away to give me room. Only Bobby remained, his fist pumping, his cock spurting wad after wad of heavy sperm onto Kelly's disgraced features.

I'd never seen so much sperm. Quarts of it, and all plastered onto Kelly's exquisite face. Bobby was spooling out the last of his ejaculate, slowly, like he was icing a cake, onto her mouth, up across her cheeks, into her eyes, across her forehead. And then he was backing away, leaving me to photograph the end of the outrage.

We all just stared down at her in awe. She lay so quietly, like some ancient sacrifice, her belly and big tits heaving gently. She was fine, breathing calmly through one unobstructed nostril. Streaks of semen coated her neck and breasts. But what was truly amazing was what was left of her face.

It was disfigured beyond recognition, buried under layers of sperm from six horny men. Her eyes, her mouth, were heaving pools of silver. Her chin, her cheeks, her forehead glistened white under the lights. Her hair was streaked with drying fronds of sticky jizz.

"Fucking hell," someone muttered.

"Unbelievable," groaned someone else.

We all stood there naked, perspiring, our thick cocks dangling down now like so many emptied hoses, dripping slime to the floor. And still she lay there, quietly panting, pursing the pools of sperm from her lips.

Until she raised her hands and began to touch her face careful not to disturb the pools of semen but curious as to just how much cum she'd taken. I couldn't tell for sure, but I thought that underneath all the semen she was smiling.

CODA

I wasn't quite prepared for what happened next. Bobby the custodian stepped forward suddenly, slid his arms in back and underneath Kelly and picked her up. He cradled her gently then strode with her back toward the shower room.

We all followed him dumbly, and watched as he lay her gently on the tiled floor. She knelt there placidly, waiting, saying nothing, still blinded by all the sperm clogging her eyes. Streams of it rolled down her face onto her beautiful tits. The semen dripped from her nipples like milk.

I thought Bobby was just going to start the shower, to clean her up. But instead he stood there naked, his thick heavy cock in his hand. And he began to piss on her, directing a heavy stream of gold onto her stockings, her pussy, her belly, her tits.

Then he angled his cock higher, and his streams of golden pee began splattering over her face, washing away the drying quarts of sperm.

She knelt there without protesting, letting the burly custodian drench her face with piss. She tilted back her head, cradled her tits in each hand. Then she opened her mouth and let the streams of piss pour inside.

We'd all been standing there frozen but now Neil stepped forward beside Bobby and took his own cock in hand. He too began pissing on Kelly, directing his stream higher and higher until he too was splattering her face.

And now the rest of us followed suit, each of us starting to pee then angling our streams higher till we were all pissing onto Kelly's face, and into her mouth.

She didn't drink it all down, of course, she imply let it all pour into her mouth and then sent it spurting back out and down her drenched body. She let all six of us piss on her face and in her mouth till our bladders were empty and her face was clean. And I swear at the end she was still smiling.