 Chapter 2: The Fishermen

So far Moira's vacation was turning out to be more than she had expected. Her main plan when she decided to get away from the stress of her job was just to enjoy the solitude of the family cabin. She took a deep breath, taking in the smells of the woods as she gingerly made her way down the path barefooted towards the glistening lake below.

She stopped by the pump, opening the lid to show a barrel right beside it to get some corn for the ducks, scooping up a few handfuls and placing the corn in a piece of cheesecloth which she then twisted to close. She grinned at the start of a creatures nest in the corner of the wooden box enclosing the pump & barrel and removed it to keep it from becoming a hassle in the future. She remembered as a child how her Dad had swore when the pump had broken down due to a nest of chipmunks clogging the mechanics.

Continuing down the trail to the waters edge, she stopped at the small beach to throw the corn out in an arc for the ducks that would come later, wiping her hands on her denim cutoffs, she paused, looking at the 6x6 floating dock that was her job for the day. Getting it out to the anchor 75 yards away would be a task, but something that she could do, and the rewards of having it out there for her to sunbathe on would be well worth it. Distracted by voices, she raised her hand to shield her eyes from the glare of the sun reflecting off the water and noticed the boat out by the point, fishermen out having a good time, doing more than fishing from the laughter and loud boisterous voices. She had recognized Toivo's voice earlier and looking hard she had seen his blond hair and licked her lips unconsciously as she remembered yesterday. She saw him waving and waved back, then went ahead about her business, slipping out of her shorts to her bikini she wore underneath.

Walking to the edge of the dock, she gathered her breath and dove into the cold water, not yet warmed from the morning sun. Breaking the surface she swam out to the bouy, which was only a plastic gallon bleach bottle, where the chain was hooked that would keep the dock from floating away. Swimming back with long, strong strokes to the left side of the dock, she emerged from the water and grasping the metal rings, dragged the dock into the water, then getting behind it, started pushing it towards the bouy. She hooked the dock to the chain and climbing up, a bit tired from the exertion, lay on her back, relishing the feel of the sun as it shone down on her, already warming her and drying the water glistening on her body.

Deciding to try and get some color to her pale skin, she slipped out of her top, looking as her full breasts fell free of the confines of the bikini top. She had always enjoyed looking at her body, although she was not the average size, fuller than most and all in the right places, her body still having the swimmers muscles she had when she was in school, just a bit more relaxed here and there. Her good friend Blake had said once after a night of fun, "You are like making love to a cloud, soft & cushiony, but also able to rear up and become the fiercest storm!". She was also into her prime, her sexuality becoming more free, more open as she aged. There were many things she wouldn't dare do, but also things she would try if the opportunity ever came up. Of course she had no idea about the events that were about to happen as she turned and lay on her stomach, closing her eyes with the waves slapping against the dock, lulling her to sleep.

The hand moving up slowly between her legs was enough to get her to that almost awake stage. She moaned softly and wriggled her backside a bit, the hand slipped even further up her thigh, fingers resting on the material covering her crotch, lightly flicking over it..tickling her. She gasped and lifted her head, turning as she squinted in the bright sunlight to see who it was. "Toivo!" she exclaimed smiling, already becoming moist, she turned her body to sit up, bringing her knees up to her chest and resting her arms over them. Looking next to him, she noticed another man, his features very similar to Toivo's. "Are you going to introduce me to your friend?" She asked while stretching her legs out at that point and while raising her arms, giving herself a long stretch, knowing that her full breasts were out for display to the two men.

"This is my cousin, Martin and the other one in the boat is my neighbor Lloyd who you might know owns the resort down the way from me." She glanced over to the boat as the familiar man inside was tying it to the dock. "Why hello then, are you all done fishing for the day?" She smiled at Toivo and winked at Martin, sensing that the young man was a bit nervous being there, her without a top on! "Yes, got a few muskie and one or two bass, and figured since it was getting that time...came by to see about lunch, seeming there looks like there is more to eat around here than fish!" 

Hmm..she thought to herself, I don't think they are actually talking about food, and to tell the truth, the thought of doing something with Toivo with the other two watching excited her, and even more exciting...to have them all! She lay back down, raised one leg to let her foot rest on the warm boards and looked at Toivo squarely in the eye. "What do you have planned then? I'm afraid I don't have anything around here to eat..." And she shivered deep inside while saying this next line, "except me." "That would be the meal I was thinking on Moira, and I know Martin and Lloyd are hungry too, do you think you can feed us all?" She smiled again and ran her hands over her chest, giving her growing nipples a tweak as she went, "I think I can accomodate you all, all you can heat smorgasboard!" And she laughed with the men as Toivo grinned mischeviously.

Martin had moved closer and laying his hand on her ankle had slowly started caressing it, she saw from the look in his eyes staring at her crotch that this was what he was interested in, as Toivo straddled her chest while unzipping his pants. Lloyd was done tying up the boat and choked out that he would just sit and watch a bit if that was ok. Moira knew that Lloyd was married and said, "Thats perfectly ok Lloyd, just enjoy the scenery!" and turning she looked at Toivo's cock, twitching and red, she stuck out her tongue playfully and flicked it over the tip, enticing him to come closer as she felt Martin's hands slide up her legs, his lips warm and soft as he kissed his way up, grabbing the top of her bikini bottoms and pulling them off, tossing them to the side, where unbeknownst to any of them, they soaked up the water and after a few moment..sank. 

Getting very excited, she spread her legs wide and as if they had both planned it, Martin licked the opening of her pussy just as Toivo thrust his cock deep inside her mouth. She moaned deep in her throat, swallowing Toivo with legs shaking as Martin licked slowly up and covered her clit with his tongue, holding it there before rubbing it in a circular motion. One of his fingers slowly entered, curling up and caressing her insides, finding that spot and driving her wild. She had never had her pussy eaten like this before, and the desire was making her suck Toivo stronger, so he pulled away for a bit, allowing only the tip to be close to her lips. As she chewed and licked around the head gently, he moaned and thrust back deep into her throat as Martin was adding another finger, swirling them both as he licked and sucked on her clit and labia, going from spot to spot, increasing his speed as her moisture flowed, her legs spreading wider and her hips moving against his mouth faster, which made Martin lay his other hand over her lower belly to keep her still. Martins fingers then started moving in and out of her throbbing pussy, each thrust inside had them curled up and each exit had them fluttering inside as the pressure he put on her clit with his tongue intensified, his hand softly rubbing her lower belly as he felt for her muscles to contract and twitch, he quickened the pace and then would slow, teasing her, bringing her up to that point and making her hold back, then when he felt she couldn't take it anymore, he sucked hard on her swollen clit as she climaxed hard, biting down on Toivo's cock which made him spurt deep down her throat. She raised back so as not to choke, but Toivo had other ideas as he pulled out of her wet, dripping mouth and finished climaxing on her chin and neck, his groan of pleasure matching her own. Martin didn't stop there, he kept going and enticed another hard climax out of her, her scream of passion reverberating around the bay as she yelled out "Oh FUCK! I am coming again!" 

That sentence got to Lloyd, who at that time was well into jacking himself off, he leapt out of the boat, almost capsizing it and moving Martin out of the way, grabbed her by the legs and swiftly flipped her over and raising her ass up in the air. "Ahh, I have to have me some of that!" He grunted as his thick cock slammed into her soaked and still twitching pussy, grabbing her hips and fucking her hard and deep, moaning and panting she continued to climax as she felt his cock swell and as he was coming, he pulled out and let his hot sperm shoot up her back and onto her ass. She lay her head onto the dock, her eyes closed as the last throbs subsided, her arms stretched out front and on her knees still with her heart beating fast. "Oh My!" She couldn't think of anything else to say, as she lay there trying to catch her breath. 

"That was a lunch now wasn't it guys!," Toivo asked the other two men. "You betcha!" Lloyd said, "I haven't had tight pussy like that in a long time, although, um..my wife.." Moira sat up on her knees and smiled at the men, "What happened here will stay between the four of us, especially since I know who your wife is Lloyd!" Lloyd blushed and getting back into the boat, pretended to study one of the fishing lures as the other two men got ready to get into the boat. Toivo gave her a deep kiss and a pinch on the ass as he grinned and turned towards the boat to get in. Martin just looked at her and cocking his head to the side, leaned into her "I would like to come and see you if I may, but alone," he whispered , "I think we may have great times ahead." He moved his face from her ear to kiss her gently on the lips and then while pulling away, bit her bottom lip hard, and giving her another look, licked his lips and smiled before turning to the boat and the others. 

Moira watched them leave, her fingers going to her lip, and looking at them, saw the bright spots of blood, her nipples harder than ever and an unfamiliar but very delicious feeling deep in the pit of her stomach told her that with Martin, the best is yet to come. "Now what happened to my bikini bottoms?" She frowned a bit as she searched the dock...

To Be Continued...