 This is chapter II of Mollie's Chambers, a story about the dirtiest girl I ever knew and some of the things we got up to. Enjoy!

*****

I guess that's when things started to change between us. I mean, we couldn't really have gone on being boyfriend and girlfriend after that but we both knew we couldn't end it completely.

The memories of that day played on both of our minds, like a scab that we couldn't stop picking at and, although we didn't talk about it much; at least not when anyone else was there; we shared a secret about each other that made us closer in some ways than I'd been to anyone but at the same time emotionally more distant.

Ben never mentioned it again. He certainly never made any indication that he'd like to repeat the things we did and, although he still flirted openly with Mollie, I don't think it ever went any further again. In many ways, we all moved on.

Mollie and I both started seeing other people on and off; to be honest, we both screwed around a little; but we still remained a close knit group and, even when we were seeing other people, we still took the opportunity to fuck each other when the opportunity arose. Actually, the thrill of being discovered cheating made it even better, I guess that's why neither of us had a steady partner all through college.

A few of our close friends knew or guessed that we were still fuck-buddies and used to tease us about it a little but none of them ever gave us away so the arrangement kind of stuck.

It wasn't until about six months later that anybody else got in between us again.

*

It was New Year's Eve, and we had a house-party to go to.

The guy who was throwing the party was called Phil. He was a year or so younger than us but he liked to think he was in with the older kids. Actually, some of his friends were kind of cool but to be honest, he was a bit of a creep, having insisted on a James Bond theme. Still a party was a party and we were intending to enjoy ourselves.

As usual, I did the honours with the driving, picking up my closest friends in my beat up hatch-back, we'd all clubbed together to buy a load of alcohol which I'd picked up in the car and none of us were intending to go home that night.

I picked up Liz first from her Mum's house. Liz and I had got pretty friendly over the last six months, we'd spent several nights over the summer flirting outrageously with each other in our many pub nights out as a group. As she climbed into the passenger seat I caught a whiff of her sweet perfume and remembered the warm night in a dark corner of a pub garden; away from the others; when we'd spent a lazy hour exploring each other's bodies. I recalled how she had pushed the front of her jeans hotly against my hardness but hadn't let me explore below her waist and definitely wasn't going south on me either which left we confused as to where we stood with each other.

She looked pretty hot tonight, despite her usual slightly tom-boyish appearance. She'd tied her hair back loosely and had obviously made some effort to apply some make-up, whilst otherwise completely ignoring the theme of the night. A tight jersey style pullover accentuated the small bulges of her breast which she usually made an effort to conceal and she'd put on a knee length skirt and ankle boots with what I assumed to be thick patterned tights and not the stockings that I secretly hoped they'd be.

"Wow!" I enthused in my usual transparent manner, "You look great!"

"Don't get any ideas," She smiled, inwardly enjoying the compliment, "It's not as if it's the first time I've worn a skirt you know."

I thought back and actually thought it probably was, certainly in front of any of her horny male friends.

In fact Liz was pretty stand-offish when it came to boys. I could remember her having only one boyfriend in all the time I knew her and I don't think that had really led anywhere.

"It's just nice to see a bit of leg actually", I said, grinning, enjoying the way the patterned material disappeared tantalisingly underneath her skirt.

Next I picked up Ben who; to my disappointment; took shotgun, leaving Liz in the back, and then on to Mollie's who took the final seat, snuggling up to Liz in the back.

As usual, Mollie looked amazing. She'd gone all out for the party theme in a short black evening dress which she filled in all the right places with her curves, a small shawl over her shoulders her only concession to the freezing cold night. She tottered out of the house on the highest heels I'd ever seen her wear, bottle of wine in one hand from which she took a swig, stumbling slightly as she walked.

"Hi-ya hot-stuff! Hi Ben. Nice suits guys!" She said as she wriggled herself into the back seat next to Liz, leaning forward to give Ben and I a kiss from the back seat and giving me a great view of her exquisite cleavage in the rear view mirror as she did so. Suddenly she squealed and giggled, turning round to face Liz who had just smacked her arse which must have been only inches from her face.

"Don't forget me you slapper." She said.

"How could I baby" She replied and planted an affectionate kiss right on the lips. I watched in the mirror as the kiss lingered slightly longer than expected. Mollie was already tipsy and was obviously determined to put on a good show. Mollie flopped back into her seat.

"Come on, this isn't a peep-show, let's get to the par-tay!"

I smiled at her in the mirror and pulled off.

*

The party wasn't a big affair but we were all in high spirits. The drink and coversation flowed as I spent my time watching Mollie flirting with most of the boys while keeping my eye on Liz, keen to resume our flirtation to see if she'd let me take things any further.

Ben was preoccupied as his new girlfriend had showed up; a mousey blonde called Ella; and had taken him off to a corner to make out while we all pretended not to be watching.

Suddenly I felt a soft, warm body pressing against my back.

"Are they turning you on?"

Mollie's hand squeezed my groin playfully making me choke on my beer.

"Shit! Not as much as you honey." I replied as Mollie smiled coquettishly.

"So, tell me how good I look."

"You look amazing" I said, turning around to give Mollie a long hard look. Her heels made her look taller and accentuated her slender legs, making her swing her hips a little more than usual as she walked, her figure-hugging dress, mid-thigh, showing plenty of her dusky-nylon covered legs. My gaze lingered on the hem of her dress.

"Give me a twirl." I said.

Mollie smirked. "You always were a legs and arse kind of guy."

"You know me, kinky all the way." I replied, stepping back to enjoy Mollie's turn on the spot, legs together, before sticking her bottom out slightly and bending forward to tease the hem of her dress a little further up her legs, revealing the tiniest bit of lace hem at the top of her thighs.

"Oops!" She smiled and turned back towards me, suddenly close, her arms round my neck. "Now you know my little secret."

I let my free hand move gently down her back, over her buttocks and down her thigh to where I could feel the unmistakeable shape of a suspender strap underneath the fabric of her dress.

"Nice!" I breathed into her ear. "Are they for me?"

"Nope." Mollie replied, pulling herself away suddenly,

"Those are definitely for me . . ." She continued, "Unless you play your cards right."

She arched her eyebrows and swayed off to the kitchen, my eyes following the curve of her buttocks as she left, a twinge in my groin telling me I had to get her out of that dress tonight.

I wasn't the only one who'd noticed Mollie's efforts that night though. As she left, I noticed Phil's eyes following her into the other room. At that moment though, Liz came in and plonked down onto the sofa, alone so I decided to take the opportunity to get her to myself.

Liz smiled as I settled down beside her and looked at the people drinking in the room.

"See anything you like?" I asked innocently.

"Hmm. Not sure. All these guys are so obvious." She replied thoughtfully.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"You know, they're only ever interested in one thing."

"Getting in your pants?"

"Of course."

"What do you have against that?"

"Oh nothing." She said, looking me right in the eye. "I just wish they wouldn't be so predictable, you know, a girl needs to be romanced a little. I like a little excitement."

I stayed silent for a moment and looked at her face, quizzically.

"And what counts for excitement exactly?"

"You know, I'd just like for them to be, you know, different. Not regular. Boys can be so boring sometimes."

"Boys?"

"Yeah, boys. Guys."

"Like me?"

"Well," She said, one eyebrow raised. "You have tried to get in my pants."

"What can I say, I think you're sexy."

"As sexy as Mollie?" She asked, nodding her head at her as she walked into the room.

"Yes!" I replied, backing away slightly to take her in again. Liz raised her eyebrow again.

"Really?"

"Sure. You know, in a different way. Not so... obvious."

Liz laughed and took my hand.

"You're sweet." She said kissing me lightly on the lips.

"So, what about you?" Liz asked, "Do you see anything you like?"

I smiled and looked straight at her face, "A couple of things." I replied.

She smiled again, "Too obvious." She said, laughing and pushing me away.

"Ha, well, you gotta try."

"Try harder." Liz said seriously.

"Ugh!" Liz said suddenly, gesturing over at Mollie, "Talking of obvious."

There was Phil, standing next to Mol. He'd somehow managed to snake his arm around her hips and was busy moving his hand slowly down onto he arse. Mollie wasn't exactly moving away but was standing in a way that made it obvious from behind that she wasn't entirely enjoying the attention.

"He's such a creep." Liz said, taking a sip from her wine, "He tried touching me up earlier too, that's why I came in here to get away from the letch."

"What did he do?" I asked.

"Ugh, he grabbed hold of my boob as I went passed him on the stairs. Tried to make out like it was an accident but it was obvious he'd done it on purpose. He's always bragging about how many girls he's slept with but I don't know anyone that'd want to."

"What a dick." I agreed, watching with some jealousy as his hand rested on Mollie's backside until she turned suddenly, walking over to us.

"Hey you two, getting cosy I see? Mind if I come and join you?

"Had enough of being groped have you?" Liz asked.

"I know! He won't leave me alone. He's such a creep." Mol agreed, squeezing herself the other side of me and draping one arm over my shoulders as she kicked off her heels.

"I hope you're going to look after us tonight, I don't want him molesting me in my sleep." She said, laughing.

"Don't joke." I replied, "He probably would."

"Anyway, I'm definitely too drunk to defend myself so you'd better look out for me." Said Mol, draping herself licentiously backwards over the arm of the sofa.

"What makes you think I won't ravish you?" I asked.

"Oh, I'm counting on it." Replied Mollie, "You know you're always my backup."

"Really? Well I might have other plans." I replied putting my arm around Liz's shoulders.

"Oh you do, do you?" Moll retorted, "Well, you'd better choose carefully, you don't want to make a choice you might regret."

With that she turned towards me, bringing one knee up onto the sofa, exposing one stocking top, the deep black lace top held in place by a deep claret coloured suspender fastener with a little lace bow on the top. Her stockinged toe was in my lap and she leant forwards to give me a better view of her cleavage.

Liz giggled on my other side.

"Two can play at that game you know" Liz said as she snuggled into my side, pushing her warm breast into my shoulder and breathed on my neck, "Make sure you make the right choice."

"Don't make me choose, it's not fair. It's too hard!" I complained.

"I bet it is" Liz laughed, "How's that for obvious?"

With that Liz got up,

"Come on Moll, he's not going to choose and I think I need another drink."

Mollie got up, straightening her dress and left, arm in arm with her friend.

*

I didn't catch up with the girls for a little while but heard they were part of a group doing shots in the kitchen while I was catching up with some of the guys I hadn't seen for a while and playing some guitar. It wasn't 'til nearly midnight that I went looking for them again, hoping to get a midnight kiss from one or other of them. I found Mollie, a little worse for wear, in the garden smoking a joint with a few others.

"Hey, have you seen Liz?" I asked.

"Oh, so you have made your choice!" Mollie teased as she passed me a lit blunt.

"Not exactly, I just thought she was with you."

"Well, she was..." Mollie trailed off. "She was sick. I think she went upstairs to lie down."

"Oh ok." I replied. "Is she alright?"

"She should be now she's been sick I think." Mollie slurred. "You should go find her, she really likes you, you know."

"Really?" I asked, "She thinks I'm obvious."

Mollie laughed. "Believe me, she likes your attention, you're kind and sexy, she likes it, it's just.."

She trailed off again.

"Well I can't tell you all our secrets."

"What?" I asked, "Come on."

"No, It's between us girls. I promised." Mollie said, taking the joint from my lips and inhaling deeply. She held the smoke in and closed her eyes before moving her face to mine and kissing me. Her open mouth was hot and smoky. I inhaled the blow-back deeply, light-headed with the smoke and the sensation of her warm body pushed into mine.

"Go find her." She said with a grin, giving my hardening cock a squeeze through my trousers.

*

Going upstairs I found no-one in the bathroom so emptied my full bladder while I had the opportunity. I could hear giggling from one of the rooms off the landing and decided to have a peek in. The room was dark and the door just ajar. As I pushed it open I could hear the rustling of sheets and could just make out Ben's face in the shaft of light as he lay back on the bed, Ella's naked silhouette moving slowly above him, obviously enjoying his cock inside her. I gave Ben a quick wink and pulled the door to. 

I nearly went back down stairs at that point but something made me check the next bedroom. The door was closed but I thought I could hear someone moving around slowly behind the door. Slowly I turned the handle.

The light was on but turned right down in what turned out to be Phil's room. Phil had his back towards me as I pushed the door slowly, the music from downstairs masking my entrance. He was knelt on the floor in front of his bed and was just putting a long piece of some kind of cloth to the floor. It took me a little while to realise that he wasn't alone. Someone was face down on the bed, a girl by the look of her naked legs, still clothed from the waist up but her naked arse was clearly visible below her rolled up skirt. Her legs were slightly bent so that her little pink briefs barely covered her pussy and Phil was slowly pulling the waist-band down to uncover it further. Suddenly I recognised the tight jumper and, with a lurch in my stomach, realised it was Liz.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?"

Phil jumped and turned, standing as he did so, a nasty look on his face.

"Fuck off mate, I found her like this. I'm just helping her to bed that's all."

"Do you need to see her pussy to make her comfortable?"

Liz stirred, moaning slightly as she rolled onto her side. She was clearly out of it.

"Come on, look at her. She's gagging for it, she's been flirting with me all night."

"She's sick dude, you're talking about assaulting her."

"Fuck you, you've been trying to get in her pants all night too. You don't have the monopoly on the pretty girls you know."

"That's it." I shouted, moving towards him. "Out."

"What do you mean, 'Out.' This is my room you dick."

"Yeah, and she's my friend, now out."

I grabbed him by the shoulder and wrist as I came towards him, spinning him round and pinning his arm behind his back.

"Ow, Fuck! What are you doing?"

He wasn't a big guy and it wasn't too hard to force him out of the room, particularly with a little upward pressure when he started to struggle.

"Ow, you're gonna break my arm you twat!" He shouted as I walked him down the stairs.

"Well you wouldn't be getting you dirty hands on anyone else then would you." I hissed.

A few people had come to see what was going on and clustered around the bottom of the stairs as opened the front door and shoved him out hard. He tripped on the door-frame as he went and tumbled onto the floor.

"Ow! What the fuck are you doing?" He cried.

"Putting you out to cool off. Take a walk before you come back." I said and chucked a half-full bottle of beer after him.

I could hear him cursing at me as I shut the door.

"What the fuck just happened?" Mollie giggled as I turned round, she was clearly still stoned but had a worried look on her face. "You can't throw someone out of his own house."

People were starting to laugh and taunt Phil through the letterbox as he called to get them to let him in.

"Give him ten minutes" I said to the nearest guy; a brick shit-house of a Rugby player whom I only knew vaguely; he needs to cool off a bit.

"Ten minutes? That fucker can stay out all night as far as I'm concerned. He's been trying to get off with my girlfriend since we got here."

Everyone laughed and started to disperse, the party was looking up and it was only ten minutes 'til midnight.

I grabbed Mollie as we walked to the living room.

"Go and make sure Liz's alright." I said. "She's in the first room on the left up the stairs."

Mollie looked at me, clearly concerned, turned, and went up the stairs quickly. I watched her stockinged feet as she went.

*

I grabbed another beer from the fridge and popped the lid, making my way back to the living room where people had started gathering for midnight. I plopped down moodily on the sofa and gulped my beer. Ben and Ella had emerged from upstairs; disturbed by the commotion; and joined me on the sofa, Ella squeezed between us.

"Come on mate, it's nearly midnight, cheer up."

"Yeah," said Ella, leaning over, "You've got to find someone to kiss!"

I looked around the room. Everyone had broken off into small, tight groups and couples and I was clearly not in the mood to mingle.

"That doesn't look like it's going to happen." I replied.

"Don't worry, I can share." Ben laughed.

"Can you!" Ella laughed. "Well, I guess it is New Year. Come on, let's dance."

Ella pulled me to my feet and started to move in time to the music. I smiled and moved with her as Ben joined us, moving in next to his girlfriend.

"Ok, I'm not sharing that much."

We shared a look, remembering the time we'd shared much more.

I started to loosen up and tried to forget about what had happened. Someone had let Phil back in but he was keeping well away from me on the other side of the room, pretending nothing had happened.

As the countdown started I remembered how Liz had looked in Phil's room, how I'd had that one tantalising glimpse of her pussy under the thin fabric of her panties and wished it had been under different circumstances.

5

Everyone was transfixed on the T.V screen as they waited for midnight to come.

4

I looked around, hoping to find someone to celebrate with other that my friend's girlfriend who was clearly not that into me.

3

Nope, I was going to be on my own this year.

2

I turned back to see Ella and Ben, already in a tight embrace, their mouths locked together.

1

Suddenly a pair of arms around my waist. The warm press of a pair of pert breasts on my back and a familiar scent of Mollie's hair as I turned to meet her lips.
