 Readers often e-mail me after enjoying one of my autobiographical stories and ask, "Are your stories true?" Sure, of course they are, every word. Well, mostly. Sometimes, maybe. At least, as far as I remember things.

Ah, fuck it, let's not over-analyze, just enjoy!



Cheryl Morgan had, shall we say, a very healthy attitude when it came to sexual exploration. That bode especially well for me since I had been her designated 'friend with benefit' for several months now. Ours was a very symbiotic sexual relationship. After all, a man needs some 'strange' pussy every bit as much as a woman needs her sidebar cock.

Cheryl and I worked together. No, wait, that wouldn't be entirely accurate. Cheryl and I worked for the same company is more like it. She was a shoe department manager in a chain of department stores in the greater Philadelphia area, and I was a IT engineer whose job entailed going to the branch stores and providing a lot of systems training. About an hour after my group training seminar in the West Chester store, most of the attendees convened at the local watering hole across the street, blissfully unaware of Cheryl's and my absence for about twenty minutes. 

And that was because Cheryl and I were enjoying our own happy hour in the parking lot, which ended with a very happy ending with me coming all over Cheryl's huge tits after a backseat blow job that should have merited her own training manual for oral administrations.

Ironically enough, I had a hot, steady girlfriend, Stephanie, who was an assistant buyer in the home office, and she was responsible for the same division of shoes in which Cheryl worked. Stephanie and Cheryl were very friendly. Cheryl always confessed that it made her so hot every time she talked to Stephanie after Cheryl and I had fucked the night before, or, in at least more than one instance, at lunch break on that same day. 

It also turned Cheryl on when she asked Stephanie about her own sex life, and she regaled Cheryl with her animated stories about her "hot, hung" boyfriend. Little did Steph know that Cheryl had some first-hand knowledge about the subject. The more Stephanie bragged about her sex life to Cheryl, the hotter Cheryl fucked me the next time she saw me. Yep, this was a pretty nice set-up, and it was about to get even better.

For her part, Cheryl was essentially engaged to be married to a construction project manager who spent about seventy-five percent of his time on the road. So, as Cheryl always reasoned, "what's a girl to do" when boyfriend is away? Um, that's where I came in. And came we did, several times a week. She was perhaps the most fun steady-on-the-side-fuck that I had ever had.

You see, Cheryl was absolutely the ultimate fuck in bed! She got totally into it. She was a VERY sexual woman. She loved stripping, dressing up and playing with her toys. When she'd be fucking, she loved to move her entire body. She'd buck, bounce, moved her hips like she's dancing on you. She was into moaning, wailing, screaming and talking dirty! She loved oral sex, a lot! She was very experienced at it, loved giving and also receiving. She was into anal play and anal sex (and Stephanie most definitely was NOT) as long as I was gentle and went slowly, at first at least, until her asshole got used to my size, and then she wanted it fast and hard. She loved being on top, doggy-style and reverse cowgirl. What's not to love, eh?

Cheryl lived in a big house that she and several other women rented, just outside of Downingtown. Her one roommate, Bev, a willowy blonde who seemed to be a frequent entertainer of male visitors herself at the 'brothel', as I jokingly called the house, had just moved out within the last week. Personally, I thought this was a shame, because Cheryl and I had just recently started to discuss in earnest the possibility of enticing Beverly to join us in our carnally aerobic activities. The fact that Bev moved out did not necessarily preclude such an inclusion in the future, but, well, let's face it, proximity and convenience are often mitigating factors when talking about bringing someone into a threesome.

This may be an opportune time to describe Cheryl's features. I'm not going to lie to you, Cheryl probably had about fifteen extra pounds on her and as much as we tried to work it off of her during our sexually wrestling matches, those pounds weren't going anywhere. This never bothered me in the slightest, however, because, well, let me put it to you this way, picture Anna Nicole Smith's classically pretty face, platinum blonde hair, ruby-red blowjob lips, and that magnificent rack that would stop traffic on the Autobahn, and well, that was pretty much Cheryl.

40D was the magic number and letter of Cheryl's tits ('The Goodfellas', as I affectionately called them), that was Cheryl's most impressive attribute, and after one of her world-class hummers, my semen would inevitable find that cleavage like a homing pigeon delivering a letter. A buddy of mine once accurately said that where big tits are to be found, a big ass will soon follow, and in Cheryl's case, this was true. Yet, she also had a golden, tight pussy that was among the most delectable that I had ever savored, and Cheryl's love for providing oral homage, as already touched upon earlier, was matched only by her passion as a recipient of same.

On this particular Thursday evening, Cheryl had asked me to come to her house around seven-thirty, with the understanding that her other two roommates wouldn't be home until around eleven, and our plan was to fuck in every nook and cranny of the house for a few hours, with unfettered access to things like the hot tub, the kitchen counter, the outside patio deck, etc.

I had only been in the house for perhaps three minutes, yet I already was buried deep inside of Cheryl's receptive cunt, grabbing her fleshy ass, her shorts bunched around her ankle, my hands assaulting those gigantic missiles beneath Cheryl's thin tank top, preparing to release them so that they could flop on the formica as I bent her over the kitchen sink and pummeled her already juice-covered cunt as Cheryl howled her now-familiar and distinctive sex wail, reminiscent of a beagle in heat. "Wooooo-oooooo-ooooooo!"

It was right about then that, even above the din of Cheryl's rousing verbal approval of my cock buried deep within her tunnel, I heard a slight squeak on the hardwood floor and was it my imagination, or did I see some movement in the reflection of the kitchen window? Yep, I did.

I pulled out of Cheryl with such suddenness that her chin almost hit the countertop because she had been supporting her weight on her elbows, which quivered when I let go of my grip on her tits. I turned around, not even completely cognizant that my eight inches were at full attention and dripping with Cheryl's creams and nectars, and the intruder and I looked at each other. Well, actually, the intruder, a VERY attractive angular redhead, looked straight down at my twitching cock, which was leaking pre-cum and waving a happy introductory hello, a bouncing salute of sorts.

The redhead's face turned about the shade of her hair, or my cockhead, or Cheryl's ass from my pounding, take your pick, you get the idea, there was a lot of flushing and blushing and engorged blood going on all at once.

Reds pulled her hands from her mouth long enough to stammer, "Ooh, my God, I am SO sorry, oh my, I don't know what to.......um, I'll tell you what, I'll just leave, I'm so..." But I noticed a curious thing. She never moved, and her eyes flickered back and forth from Cheryl to me.

Or, rather, my cock. Her gaze kept lingering at my cock. And, was that a look of disgust or arousal twinkling in her bright green eyes?

Cheryl, ever the bold one, made no attempt to cover up, placed her hands on her naked hips, and turned to face the newcomer, whose eyes naturally went like a laser to Cheryl's glistening, gaping pussy and uncovered massive tits. There was a lot of exposed genitalia for one kitchen.

"Excuse me, but someone is in the wrong house her, and it's not us," she barked, pointing at me and her tits (if you pointed in Cheryl's general direction, the tits always seemed to get in the way, a safe lightning rod, of sorts). "Who the fuck are you, anyway?"

The redhead retreated just a bit, clearly intimated by the unexpected sight of a pair of 40D tits on an angry blonde interrupted in mid-fuck, and a fully-erect eight-inch penis ready to fire. "Um, are, are you Cheryl?"

Cheryl's countenance lightened considerably, and I took the opportunity of this awkward moment in puzzle-solving to grab my shorts and throw them over my cock. This had the effect of turning my dick into a coat hanger of sorts, so with Cheryl and Reds bearing close witness, I mumbled an apology and lifted my ankles to finally put my shorts on the right way. Apparently, the urge to re-clothe herself never dawned on Cheryl, at least not yet. 

"Yes, I am Cheryl," said the naked blonde with the huge tits and just-fucked pussy, as if there was going to be a case of mistaken identity. She FINALLY tugged down her top and stepped into her own shorts, gingerly. She eyed REDS with a new mixture of interest. Reds was HOT, and this was beginning to dawn on Cheryl. That revelation had not eluded me or my still pulsing cock. "And you are..?"

I'm not sure to this day whether Reds was relieved or disappointed now that everyone had their clothes on again and had stopped fucking.

"I'm Molly, Molly Hayden. I talked to Paula about an hour ago and she told me it was OK to come over and look at the spare room for rent. Didn't she tell you? She said she would leave you a note or a message. Oh, my, I'm so embarrassed, I'm so sorry. I knocked on the door, but then heard voices inside and thought maybe you couldn't hear me, so I thought I'd come in. Maybe I should just....."

"NO!" Cheryl and I shouted as one, and looked at each other, surprised by each other's knee-jerk reaction to the thought of Molly LEAVING. Heaven forbid. After all, there's a big, hard cock and at least one wet pussy here, I surmised, why scurry off so soon?

Cheryl walked a few steps and her voice was now calming, soothing. And maybe even seductive? "Don't be silly, Molly, please don't rush off, you have nothing to be embarrassed about." Cheryl's eyes looked up and down Molly's torso now, and admired the long, thin legs covered by a tasteful, yet slightly revealing black business skirt. Molly was a fucking knockout, and opportunity had just knocked. "Unless you want to be embarrassed. But, I'm not."

Cheryl walked towards me with her eyes never leaving Molly's, and lowered herself to her knees in front of me, yanking my shorts of the floor once again, as if they were on a perpetual elevator ride. So much for decorum. She purred at Molly as Cheryl grabbed my still turgid shaft and rubbed it along her porcelain face. "Are you embarrassed, Molly?"

Molly wavered uncomfortably on her stilettos, swaying from side to side, and watched as Cheryl took almost the entire length of my shaft in one gulp, sucking on it eagerly yet looking into Molly's eyes, gauging her reaction, and liking what she saw. I saw it, too. Molly was fucking turned on to the max.

Cheryl released her oral grip on my dick and began stroking the shaft, cooing softly, and extended her free hand to Molly, inviting her to reach for Cheryl. Molly ever so tentatively grasped Cheryl's hand, but Molly's eyes seared into my crotch, now coated with Cheryl's lipstick about six inches down the shaft.

"Do you like what you see, Molly?", Cheryl asked, almost tauntingly. Molly nodded, inching ever closer now, as if hypnotized.

"Isn't this a wonderful cock, Molly?" Cheryl licked the head and spit a strand of saliva onto it. I groaned. Molly whimpered.

With one hand Cheryl massaged my dick which felt like it could cut a diamond by this point, and with the other hand, she reached under Molly's skirt and ran her hand up her thigh. Molly's legs parted imperceptibly until Cheryl's fingers apparently reached their preferred destination at the apex of Molly's legs. Molly's eyelids fluttered and her knees seemed to turn to jelly. For a second, I thought she may collapse, as I saw Cheryl peel Molly's lavender silk thong down her legs, and Cheryl wrapped the panties around my cock.

Cheryl masturbated us both at the same time, one cock and one pussy in her hands, and proffered the gracious invitation, looking up at Molly's flushed face.

"Molly, won't you join us?"

Within minutes, we were a mass of tangled bodies and tongues and tits and hands on the bed in the spare, vacant bedroom. Molly had the body of a long-distance runner, which we were to find out later that she was. Long. Sinewy. Athletic. Tight. Small, but firm and perky tits with huge areolas and responsive nipples. A great mouth, a passionate kisser, as I was to find out again and again, and as history tells us, any woman that can kiss that well can suck that well. It's a time-tested given.

Molly's lithe body and scarlet complexion was such a contrast to Cheryl's blonde hair and pale skin and Rubenesque frame, and that made the pairing even more exciting for all three of us.

Since Molly was our unexpected guest, almost like a present falling into our bed from the sky, Cheryl and I instinctively chose to show her some lavish hospitality to assure her comfort. The fact that Molly looked like she did no doubt assisted our mutual graciousness, and Cheryl and I happily took turns pleasing Molly with our tongues, mouths, lips, fingers, hands, anything that we could use to maximize Molly's tactile pleasure.

At one point in the festivities, Cheryl grabbed Molly's perfect tits and squeezed then together while alternating sucking from one engorged nipple to the other, while I concentrated on digital penetrating Molly's shaved, tight gash with up to four fingers at a time, and finally inserted two fingers gently into her pink, puckered anus, as Molly's screams bounced and echoed against the walls.

Cheryl wheeled herself around so that she and Molly were in a sixty-nine position, and I maneuvered my own body so that my cock was now inches from Molly's pretty face, flushed with complete arousal, and I playfully bounced my hard, dangling cock against her cheek, teasing her.

Cheryl and Molly chewed on each other's sopping snatches greedily while I sipped two fingers now into Cheryl's always receptive cunt, and listened as Molly and Cheryl mumbled sexual compliments to each other in mutual admiration.

"Unngh, God, I'd kill to have abs and thighs like yours, they are gorgeous."

"Mmmf, are you kidding, I can't wait to get my mouth onto those huge tits of yours, they're spectacular."

"Your pussy tastes SOOOOO fucking good, the best I've ever tasted, it's like fruit, so fresh and clean, awesome, oh, God!"

"Your mouth on me feels so incredible, eat me, Cheryl, make me cum, pleeeeeaseeeee!"

This steamy dialogue was much too much for me, a man can only sustain patience for so long, so while the two beauties were consumed and absorbed with bringing each other to climax, I climbed behind Cheryl, grabbed her plump butt cheeks, and slid my long cock into her tight asshole about a half-inch at a time, as she exploded in orgasm. Molly took the cue and began alternating licking Cheryl's slit and my shaft as it penetrated deeper into Cheryl's forbidden alley. 

Cheryl came again and Molly lowered her head further down to find my heavy balls, filled with the impending torrent of cum, and grabbed them in her palms and squeezed then together tightly. I'd never had a woman use this particular technique before, and certainly when I was fucking another woman's ass, and my cum exploded from me in a fervent gush, and on the second load, I released my dick from Cheryl's tight anal grip and spurted my seed over Molly's eyelids, lips, and neck.

We stumbled as one big pack into the bathroom where we proceeded to shower the cum and sweat off of each other's body in soapy, shampooey bliss. Molly began to suck my cock for the first time, pleading between licks and sucks, "I need this cock in me, I need to get fucked, to feel it, please, give me this big snake, it's beautiful, I want it."

Well, I'd be something less than a gentleman if I didn't comply, now wouldn't I? I turned Molly around so that her tits were pressed hard against the tile walls and began a slow, gradual ascent into the walls of her puffy cunt, while Cheryl kneeled below her and began to suck on her labia and rimmed her beautiful asshole. Molly's gratitude was expressed in wails of glee, and after she came for perhaps the fourth time, she and Cheryl finished me off once more with a dual blow job that culminated in my release into their respective mouths, and I watched in fascination as they shared my cream between their lips in a passionate lovers' French kiss.

Molly and Cheryl and I tenderly toweled each other off, and took our sweet time doing so, sharing deep kisses that only served to spur us to one more impassioned three-way suck and fuck session on the king bed. 

Wiping their juices and my cum from my dick after my third shoot of the evening, I walked to the bathroom, and I overheard the two new lovers conversing on the bed, discussing Molly's interest in becoming a member of the 'brothel'.

"You guys are one hot couple, Cheryl, how long have you been boyfriend and girlfriend, if you don't mind me asking?"

"Actually, Molly, if you can believe this, we're just kind of friends with benefits. We work together, but John has a steady girl who is perhaps not quite as, um adventurous as I am, and my boyfriend travels on business a lot, so, well, we kind of fill each other's gaps, so to speak."

I handed Molly a towel and became semi-hard again as I watched her wipe first her own body, then Cheryl's labia, the sex moisture still oozing out of Cheryl's cunt liberally. "Wow, that's wild, where do you two work?"

Cheryl reached over to me as she saw my cock dancing for attention. "Oh, my, he's always ready, see why I have him on the side? His girlfriend doesn't know what she's got!" She began to suck me to life once more. "Oh, I'm sorry, I got distracted, Molly, I didn't answer your question. We work at Shaw's Department stores, I'm here at the local branch, and John works in the home office in Philly."

Molly's eyes widened in recognition. "Oh, wow, what a coincidence, my first cousin works at their home office, too!" She rubbed between her legs, her labia gleaming, obviously preparing for one last trifecta rumble. 

Molly's green eyes blazed into mine as she wiped her auburn curls from her forehead, matted with perspiration and cum. "Then you must know my first cousin, Stephanie Sears? She's an assistant buyer in the shoe department!"

Cheryl gasped audibly and stopped sucking my dick and I leaped backwards in surprise.

Molly failed to notice our reactions as she crawled on her hands and knees and began to play with Cheryl's inviting breasts. "That must be a really fun place to work, Steph and I had a threesome with one of her young college interns last weekend, some hung kid from Villanova, what a great fuck he was, he was like the Energizer Fucking bunny!" 

My dick didn't know whether to wither or sprout as Molly started to suck on Cheryl's left tit, the nipple rising back to life despite Cheryl's momentary anxiety. 

"Maybe I can convince her to come up here, bring her stud, and the five of us can all have ourselves a little orgy, what do you think, sound interesting?"

Cheryl sighed, enjoying Molly's tender, talented tongue on her tit, and resumed her reach for my cock. She giggled before stuffing my cock in her throat. "Yes, Molly, that would be very interesting indeed, wouldn't it, John?"