 "Mom! Mom!"

"What do you want Jane. You don't need to holler," replied her mother from another room.

"I want you to meet Billy, the boy I've been telling you about."

Jane's mother was in another room of the house. She emerged from a bedroom where she must have been cleaning, because she was holding a dust brush in her hand.

"Mom, this is Billy! He's the boy I've been telling you about for months! Mom, can Billy stay here tonight with us?"

Her mom walked across the living room, put the dust brush on the table, wiped her hands down the side of her dress and reached out and shook my hand with direct eye contact. 

"Glad to meet you Billy." 

Then she paused and looked at me, especially deep into my eyes. 

"Yes, Jane has sung your praises for a couple of months now. She even got me interested in wanting to meet you. (Jane was holding my hand and lending against my body.) Billy you're welcomed to call our house your home. I don't know if Jane shared with you that I'm a single mom. I have to work long hours everyday while Jane is in school, and sometimes I've got to work night shifts, but we're doing ok financially and Jane, bless her heart, helps me by working at the café and studying her lessons and doing well in her classes. You're welcome to have dinner with us tonight, and you can stay here with us any night you want. If I have to work at night I would be especially grateful if you stayed here to look after her. I don't like to leave Jane alone here at night by herself, if you know what I mean." 

Thank you, I really appreciate meeting you Mrs. ..."

"Forkner, Billy. My last name is Forkner, but I don't like formal stuff. Just call me Lilly. I'm just an ordinary common hardworking country-woman, who enjoys the simple things of life: beer, music, sex, and sleep. As long as your respectful, courteous, honest, and don't hurt Jane or me, you're welcomed to be a member of our household. I might mention Jane and I come from good Kentucky mountain stock and we tend to share everything in common. Do you understand?" She looked seriously into my eyes when she said this. "We're just a bunch of hillbillies and neither of us are possessive; we share everything; you understanding me Billy?" 

"I believe I do, Lilly."

"Then that ok with you?" 

"I don't see anything wrong with sharing things in common, Lilly!"

"Good, Then come here Billy and give Lilly a big hug and kiss!" 

I quickly looked at Jane and felt the palm of her hand pressing against my back, pushing me toward her mother. I smiled as I walked up to Lilly, placing my arms around her body and pulling her into mine, and as I placed my lips on hers, I pushed my tongue between her lips and inside her mouth. I could immediately feel Lilly's whole body relax and I felt her arms tighten around my back as our tongues played together. Then I felt her pressing her lower body against mine and I was totally shocked knowing my penis was getting harder by the minute. I also knew Lilly could feel my cock pressing against her body, and then I wondered what Jane thought, because if she hadn't seen my cock pressing out my pants, she would as soon as her mom and I stopped kissing one another. Jane's mom continued kissing me passionately and then she slowly removed her lips and looked me in the eye again saying, "I think we've found a good one Jane. I liked how he kissed me, but my daughter is the one who brought you home, so she gets to have your cock inside of her first. That's how it is here. I will have to wait to feel that hard cock of yours, until you've satisfied my daughter Jane. When she's had her fill, then it will be Lilly's turn to rock with you in bed. Until then it's time to shut off those lights and lower the window shades. Jane can entertain you while I go and prepare some fixings for dinner. Do your folks eat chicken & Dumplings Billy?" 

"Lily my family will eat most anything."

"Glad to here that Billy," and she turned and walked toward the kitchen humming an old mountain tune.

I turned, and looked at Jane. I walked up to her and said, "Are you kidding me? I'm expected to fuck your mom too?" 

"Mama and I share everything Billy, besides it looks like you would have been more than agreeable to fuck my ma if she hadn't stopped kissing you; I saw your cock get hard when you were hugging and kissing her. You seemed to be enjoying her attention, but if that's not what you want to do, than I can't have you either. So you will have to decide; it's up to you Billy. That's just how our family interacts with one another. Look, Billy you're still hard. Look at that big wet bugle on your kaki pants. Make up your mind Billy because a big hard cock is something I don't want to waste. I'm heading to my bedroom, if you're in agreement with the house rues than follow me Billy. We need to get you out of your pants and let them dry. While they're drying I'll try to revive that whitening penis of yours so you can stick it into my pussy. Would you like to put that hard cock of yours inside of me Billy?"

"Of course I do? I followed Jane into her bedroom. She turned and began unbuttoning my shirt and then she unbuckled my pants and pushed them to the floor. I stepped out of my pants and she began removing my underwear. My cock got hard again just thinking about this wonderful opportunity of getting inside of Jane pussy, and my cock stood rigid before her eyes. 

"Oh, Billy, your cock is huge! It's also beautifully." She reached out and grabbed it with one of her hands. It's been awhile Billy since I've seen a cock this big."

I reached out and helped her remove her sweater. I unfastened her bra and her beautiful firm breasts were as awesome just as I had imagine them to be. I unbuttoned her skirt and it fell to the floor and she kicked off her shoes and so did I. I reached out and pulled her to me and we kissed passionately together. She pushed back and said, We need to get into my bed because I want to have as much time with that big cock of yours deep inside of my pussy as I can get." Then she looked at me seriously. "But Billy you need to go slow with me, because I don't want your huge cock to tear my vagina to pieces. Will you promise to go slow and to be careful baby?"

I promise I'll be careful Jane, and I kiss her. I told her I would like to enter her from the rear. I thought I could control my penis better from that angle. She turned over on her knees and placed her elbows on top of her sheet and I positioned myself behind her. Her pussy was wet and I slowly and I carefully placed my wet finger inside of her pussy. She jumped a little but I told her I was going to finger fuck her for a few minutes and as she got wetter I would continue to put more fingers inside of her pussy until she felt ready for me to put my cock inside of her. She began to slide her hips back and forth with the movement of my fingers. She moaned and groaned and said how good it felt to have my fingers inside of her. After awhile I told her I was going to put the end of my cock at the entrance to her pussy. I moved my cock over the entrance of her slit. She was really wet and I rubbed her wetness along the length of my cock until my whole cock was lubricated with her wetness. I pushed the tip of my cock through the flaps guarding her beautiful clit. Then I pushed again and my mushroom pushed through the opening protecting her beautiful pink cave. She moaned loudly when she felt the mushroom entering her vagina. I said, "Jane, I'm going to push. If it hurts tell me and I will pause. Jane you need to relax so your muscles won't be so taunt." 

"Ok, Billy I'm ready for your monster of a dick. Fuck me Billy. I've wanted you to fuck me for months! So fuck me like you fuck Jennifer, Ginny, and that girl Sharron. I want you more than all three of them want you. So fuck Jane. Fuck me hard."

"I pushed and it slid through her fleshy doors and into her vagina and I heard a definite loud long moan. I paused, "Are you ok Jane?"

"Yes, go on Billy. Your cock feels wonderful. I can feel your cock all the way. It's wonderful! I love you Billy. I want you forever."

"I pushed and kept pushing and my penis was tightly nestled against the lining of her pussy walls as far down as I could go. I was totally inside of her and I heard her say, "Oh, Billy it feels so good. I love how your penis fills my entire pussy. Keep fucking me Billy. Fuck me! Don't stop! I don't want you to ever stop. I want your cock inside of me forever. I've never felt so loved in my entire life Billy. I love you! I love you Billy."

I continued making deep penetrating strokes back and forth and she kept in rhythm with my stroking. We were enjoying a wonderful fuck together. I wondered if her mom was serious and expected me to fuck her later tonight. But right now I was fucking Jane and it was a gloriously pleasurable. I never expected it to be this wonderful and I didn't want to have the orgasm I knew was fast approaching; it was going to happening, but Jane was moaning very loudly and yelling for me to go deeper and faster. Then she jerked, and jerked her body again and I knew she was about to have a tremendous orgasm and I spewed my seed deep inside of her pussy hole. She gasped when she felt it enter her pussy, and she gasped again when I squirted another large dose of cum into her pussy. I didn't pull my penis out until the third batch of cum went inside of her pussy. I pulled it out and I helped her turn on her back. She put her arms around my neck and pulled me on top of her. My mouth looked and found her well-formed perky boobs and I began sucking her nipples hard and she squalled delightfully and she kissed my head and told me how good my penis felt inside of her pussy. She said she's never felt anything as glorious as that before (Jane's mother entered the room while Jane was making these declarations of joy), and her mom heard her comments because she said, That's wonderful to hear Jane, because I'm looking forward to having Billy doing the same for me."

"Mom, we just finished and Billy was fantastic. You're going to love how he pounds your pussy. You can feel his balls smacking you in your ass on each stroke."

"Have you given Billy a blowjob honey?

"Mom, we just finished!"

"Let's give him one now, together. Will take turns like we did when we gave one a couple of years ago to your Uncle Charlie down there in Marysville."

"Yeah, that will be great mom. We will team up like we did when we did Uncle Charlie. He liked it a lot and now we can really show off our sucking techniques to Billy."

Lilly said, "Billy, are you ready to have a couple of horny girls from Kentucky sucking your dick and balls?"

"This will be a first for me Lilly, but what the hell, I know it will be wonderful. Go for it! I'm ready."

"Stand up Billy. Hang on to our hair or shoulders or balance yourself because you are going to receive some intense sucking."

Her mom took my cock into her mature hands and began stroking my shaft up and down and putting her tightly pierced lips on the tip of my penis. Then she put her lips over my mushroom and suck it hard. She licked the length of my cock several times looking up at me and smiling broadly. "You like mama sucking your cock don't you Billy. You're so hard and so big. You have a big hard cock Billy. Mama loves sucking big hard cocks. If you like how mommy is sucking your cock nod your head. I just want to please you Billy." 

She was an artist in how she would take my whole cock into her mouth. Her lips were into my public hairs when she swallowed it. She never gagged either. She knew instinctively how much pressure to exert as she sucked. Then she handed my penis over to Jane who had been kissing my balls and rolling her tongue over and around my sack. Jane even had my balls inside her mouth at the same time her mom took my penis deep into her throat. It was almost more than I could stand. Now it was Jane's turn to suck my cock. I was getting a little unsteady, so I grabbed the back of Jane's head and watched her take me deep inside of her mouth too. I was making audible sounds of pleasure during the whole time they were sucking my testicles. Jane began to suck hard and fast, sliding up and down my shaft and as the pressure continued to mount her mama had my balls inside of her mouth and she was driving me crazy. The pressure was increasing and I thought I might fall or pass out. Then it occurred to me that I was here. I was ready to release a big load of cum and so I shouted "I'm about to have an orgasm." and her mom removed her mouth from my balls and got as close to her daughter as she could. Her mom said, "fill my daughter mouth with your seed Billy, and then she'll give me your cock so I can get what's left. We both love the taste of cum, especially if it's sweet and salty. Then I released a large amount of cum and it went into Jane's mouth. I looked down at her and she was smiling at me and handing my penis over to her mama who immediately put my sticky cock into her mouth. She was looking intently at me as I was at her and then I felt the emotion of another wave and released another big package of cum into her mama's open mouth. I saw the delight on Lilly's face. She swallowed it expecting another load. And I knew she wouldn't be disappointed because I could feel more ready to be released. She looked at me expectantly and I delivered another sizable load into her mouth. She held it in her mouth and looked up at me again and smiled with her eyes. Then she swallowed my seed and tried to suck any remaining cum on my dwindling cock. She removed my penis from her mouth and gave it to her daughter to lick the remaining cum from my penis. I lay back onto the bed thinking this was one of the best blowjobs I had ever had. Her mom got a damp cloth and cleaned my balls and dick. Then she leaned down to where I was recovering and gave me a deep wet kiss on my mouth. She said, "After you rest for a few minutes we would like for you to give us some oral sex too. Can you service two women at the same time Billy?

I'll do my best Lilly. You sure know how to please a man Lilly. That was wonderful."

"My mama told me when I was very young that I needed to know how to give a good blowjob." She said, "You'll always have a man if you can give him a good blowjob. It is something you need to do for them every day she said. So, I gave my first blowjob to my uncle. I will never forget it. Afterwards he was so pleased with my blowjob he gave me some hard candy. I was thrilled. Candy was a rare item for kids in those hard days. I've enjoyed giving head ever since. Now I'm teaching Jane how to please a man and I thought she did a wonderful job tonight. What do you think Billy?"

"Between the two of you I would say it was one of the best blowjobs I can ever remember getting, and I liked having both of you doing it together. It was an awesome feeling. I like this family sex. Never had sex with two women at the same time. It's kind of exciting!"

"That good to hear. Some men won't have anything to do with it, but most men haven't lived in Appalachia!"

"I'm going to lay here on Jane's bed with a pillow under my ass. I want you to be able to reach any area where my pussy with that tongue of yours. She laid back and she raised both of her legs high above her head and I could see her pussy cave very clearly. I bent down and put a couple of fingers near her slit and rubbed it lightly. She was wet, very wet, and very eager. She seemed to thrive on good sex and I wanted to please her.

I massaged her clit and pushed my tongue deep inside of her pussy. She screamed and jerked and yelled and kept telling me how wonderful it felt. When we were finished her body was covered with sweat. I loved it to. She tasted better than wine. I was ready to please Jane. She handed her mom a washcloth and a towel and Jane lay on the other side of her king bed and raised her legs high above her head inviting me to feast on her pussy. Make me scream and holler as you did my ma, Billy. I want you to suck my clit hard. I want you to make me a woman tonight Billy. We went longer than I did with her ma, and when I was through I lay on the bed trying to ease down from this incredible oral sex I just had with these two Kentucky women, who seem to have an never-ending desire for sex. When I woke up Lily was sitting on the bed next to me. It was dark in the room but I looked her in the eye and asked her how long I had been sleeping.

She said, "A couple of hours. We sure did wear you out, so we decided to eat dinner and let you rest. Do you need some food?" We left you some chicken and dumplings, we need some energy."

"No, I'm alright. I had a lot today at lunch. I'm good Lilly."

Lilly bent down and placed her mouth over mine and kissed me hard and inserted her tongue inside of my mouth. She knew how to kiss and how to arouse a man. She must have had a good Kentucky upbringing. I put my arms around her body and pulled her down on top of me. Then she removed her tongue and pulled back and said,

"Billy I'm ready for you to put that big delicious-tasting cock of yours deep inside of me like you did earlier to my baby Jane."

She rolled over onto the bed and reached out and took my cock into her hand and I rolled toward her and began kissing her breasts. 

"You like sucking breasts, don't you Billy? Well, I like you sucking my breasts. Pull on my nipples Billy. Suck my breasts. Mama likes it all."

I sucked her breasts and kissed her mouth, and my hand massaged her mound and she opened her legs wide and I fingered her and she moaned and moved her body with mine. Then I turned her over and she got on her knees and I fucked her hard from behind. She was a screamer and she hollered and she asked me to go deeper and faster. She kept telling me. Fuck your mama Billy! Fuck me hard! Don't you pull out of your mama, don't you dare! I want all of your seed inside of me when were through. I want everything you can give me. We fucked a long time. We changed position twice. I had never gone so long without releasing my cum. Then she wanted me to turn on to my back and she mounted me, and rode me hard. She moved up and down and even sideways, waving her arms in the air and calling for Jane to come into the room. Jane opened the door and said, "You two have been at this a long time; did Billy forget how to release his seed?"

Jane watched her mama ride my cock several more minutes and I saw that she was smiling. Don't break this boy's penis. I want to ride him later myself.

Then they heard me shake and moan and Jane said, "Mama, he's going to cum!" she stopped and began moving slowly up and down helping Billy. Then she told Jane to climb up on the bed and take Billy's cock into her mouth and catch my load. Jane got on the bed quickly and her mama got off and Jane immediately put her mouth over my penis and began to suck me hard. I exploded cum into her waiting mouth four times. She swallowed it all, with a smile so big that it made me feel good that she enjoyed it so much.

Her mom got out of bed and walked around the other side and bent down and gave me another long wet kiss. She said, "That was the best fucking I've ever had Billy. You could have any woman you wanted if you lived in Kentucky. Jane and I are going to enjoy having you here anytime you want to come. Now, you and Jane kiss and touch each other for awhile until I heat up the chicken and dumplings. Then after you eat we will all go to bed, together. Neither Jane or I want to flip a coin to see who sleeps next to you. So will put your sweet ass between us, and sleep on either side of you.

I thought. I am going to have a hard time sleeping between these two beautiful, sweet-smelling cunts. I also thought I've got to stay awake in first period. I don't want to be sent back to the counseling office tomorrow.