 My mother and I have always been close probably because she was 18 when I was born and the fact that I was her only girl. I have two brothers that are two and four years younger than me. I was 16 when my parents divorced, I stayed with my mom and both my brothers went with my dad. We moved into a one bedroom apartment so there wasn't much privacy for the two of us, but I enjoyed the close time with my mom. I knew my mom wouldn't have any problem finding someone else and she started dating a few months after the divorce. My mom is really pretty and the good thing is that we are built almost the same. She's 5 foot, I'm 5'4". We both wear 34c bras even though I'm really a d cup, I like my girls pushed together. Mom is thinner than me, not that I'm fat, but I guess I'm what you call "thick". 

As my mom started dating I tried to give her some alone time when she had a guy over. The first time I caught her with a man I had come home from work early. I always looked for his car so I didn't interrupt anything. I didn't see his car so I went on inside. The minute I opened the door I heard moans. I should have turned and left, but I couldn't. As I walked towards the bedroom I seen my mom on the bed laying on her back her legs spread wide and high in the air as Brad was fucking her like a wild man. I had always been curious about Brad's cock but had never built up the nerve to ask mom about him. The position they were in had Brad's ass towards the door so I decided to wait to see if they were going to switch positions. 

I lost track of time watching the two them not really even thinking about her being my mom. Mom had started moaning louder and yelling she was going to cum. Brad told her he was almost there as mom started shaking uncontrollably with her orgasm. Brad shouted he was there and pulled back. Mom raised up and slid off the bed onto her knees as Brad turned sideways to me. My questions about his cock was answered as it was exposed to me and I couldn't take my eyes off of it. It had to be 9 inches, incredibly thick and was shooting the biggest load of cum I had ever seen. Mom had her tits pushed together and caught the majority of his load between them but there was so much it ran down her stomach and onto the floor. I had never received a "shot" before but I had given several hand jobs and I have never seen that much cum. I had to regroup and get out of there before I was caught. I snuck in a few more times and caught them in action but never got caught.

Mom and Brad only lasted 6 months or so. She was turning 37 so we decided to take a trip out of town to get away. I had put some money back so we could stay at a nice place and I booked us for two nights. We were sitting in the bar the first night when a couple guys asked if they could sit next to us. After conversation we learned they were father and son. The dad (Kevin) had just turned fifty and the son (Paul) was thirty. Mom and Kevin hit it off as they talked about how close in age they were to their kids. The clubs DJ had started the music off and Kevin and mom slipped out onto the dance floor, Paul asked if I would like to dance so we joined them. The country music turned into rap music and two-step turned into booty shaking. After a few drinks, more dirty dancing and some making out, the guys invited us to go back to the room. Paul suggested that each couple went to separate rooms, but I didn't feel comfortable being alone with a guy I barely knew. Mom said we would have to be in the same room, that if they were killers they would have to kill the both of us.

I was drunk, drunk and horny. Paul was a great looking guy, six foot 200 pounds or so, light complexion, well built and some hair on his chest. In no time he had me down to my bra and panties. I went to my knees, unzipped his pants and went for his cock. The biggest I had ever had had been no larger than seven inches. As I pulled his boxers down close to 10 inches hit me in the face. I worked my lips around the most massive cock I had ever seen. The alcohol took over and a found myself sucking his cock so fast and deep down my throat that I was gagging with every thrust of my neck.

The room had enough light in it I that could see mom and Kevin in the other bed. We had been nude together before and I had seen mom fucking before, but this was different. By now all four of us were completely naked. All I could see of Kevin was his ass, mom was on her knees grabbing his ass pulling his cock deep down her throat. Paul raised me up, sat me on the bed, spread my legs and stuck his tongue deep inside my pussy. I raised myself up on my elbows partly to watch him eat me and partly to watch mom. Kevin had laid on the bed exposing his shaft which was almost identical to his son's. Mom was getting on top of him in a sixty nine position as I pulled Paul up and kissed him on his pussy soaked lips. I told him I wanted his giant cock in my pussy as he slid his condom on. I was wetter than I had ever been, and as drunk and horny as I was, I was no way prepared for how big his cock was sliding into my pussy. He was slow and gentle as I moaned loudly but gradually worked his giant member all the way in. 

Paul worked me over for a few minutes before telling me he was ready to watch my big tits bounce. He laid down on the bed as I slid my pussy around his cock. I glanced over at the bed mom was in, she had already mounted Kevin and was grinding her pussy wildly up and down his shaft. She turned to look at me and smiled a sly grin as both of us were getting our tits sucked on. I had never been in a group situation and the excitement was getting to me. Even though one half of the other couple was my mom and as much as I was enjoying the best fuck I had ever had, I couldn't hold back my orgasm. I came like never before, almost to the verge of tears and screamed in ecstasy. When my eyes focused again I realized that mom and Kevin had stopped and were watching Paul and myself go at it. 

As hard as I came I didn't know if Paul hadn't gotten off or not. My question would soon be answered when mom asked him if he wanted to join her and his dad to finish things off...but that's part 2.