 I was spent as Paul climbed into bed with his Dad and my mom. I was slowly realizing what was happening. I had just had the most incredible orgasm in my life, and my mom was in the same motel room in another bed getting fucked as well. Mom and Kevin had stopped long enough to watch me ride Paul until I screamed with orgasmic excitement. Paul didn't cum when I did so mom had invited him to join her and his dad. Mom had been riding Kevin but Paul said he wanted to compare her pussy to mine and had her climb onto her knees so he could doggy style her while Kevin moved into position for a blowjob. I laid on my side as Paul pounded mom's pussy and Kevin did the same to her mouth. Mom's groans were growing louder and faster as both guy's rhythms got faster and harder. Paul bottomed out his cock inside mom and came with a loud announcement, Kevin did the same thing as he emptied his load in mom's mouth. Mom kept Kevin inside her mouth until her orgasm was over. I could see the goose bumps all over her body as all three of them collapsed on the bed. What a night we had as the guys got dressed and said our goodbyes, I was secretly hoping for a repeat the next night. 

Mom was getting out the shower as I awoke the next morning and was still naked as I moved beside her at the sink to brush my teeth. As I rinsed my mouth I asked mom if that that was her first time to be with two guys. She told me that after her and Brad had broken up she ran into two guys she went to school with and ended up at one of their house where they both had gang banged her. I remarked that she looked like she enjoyed it and told her tonight was my turn. She asked me if I had ever took a load in my mouth or on my tits, which I hadn't, but that I wanted to. I also confessed to mom that I had watched her and Brad have sex on several occasions. She didn't seem surprised and only asked if I had enjoyed the shows too which I replied of course.

We shopped thru out the day and decided to go to the spa which was inside our hotel. We went for the full treatment which included a mud bath and massage. After leaving the spa we went back to our room to shower and get ready for that night. I told mom it felt like I still had mud in my hair even though we had washed off at the spa, she said the same and suggested we took a shower together so we could get good and clean. I had never took a shower with a girl before much less my mom but I didn't think anything of it and agreed that was a great suggestion. We each took turns washing the others hair and back, it was innocent, as innocent as it could be between a mother and daughter. We turned and faced each other, our breast pushed against each other as we embraced in a hug. Mom pressed her lips softly to mine and told me how much she had enjoyed the weekend. I was taken back by this even after all that I had seen and been a part of the last few months, this was my mom kissing me. Little did I know this wouldn't be our last intimate encounter of the weekend. 

Mom had given Kevin her cell number and as we were getting dressed for the evening she received a message telling us to come to their room. Paul answered the door and let us in. There was only one king size bed, but the room had it's own hot tub. Kevin went towards mom but I grabbed him and told him I had first go with him. We all stripped and set in the hot tub for a while. Kevin and I made out as mom and Paul did the same. 

We all made our move to the bed where the guys sat on the edge as both of us girls serviced their cocks. We switched cocks for a while, but I ended up back with Kevin. The guys slid up in the bed while still on their backs, they slid their condoms on and we mounted their giant cocks. We were close enough to each other that mom's legs were rubbing mine. Both guys had a mouth full of our tits and the two of us girls were fucking like porn stars.

I had started kissing Kevin on his lips when I felt a hand on my ass. Thinking it was Kevin's I soon realized he had each of my tits in each of his hands. I looked back to see my mom caressing my ass. I started to make her stop thinking this has went too far, but as she ran her fingers down the crack of my ass as started massaging his balls, I decided what the hell as Kevin pumped me harder than ever. I sat up and told the three of them I wanted the two guys to have me at the same time. 

I moved into the doggy position as Paul mounted me from behind, while Kevin laid on his back so I could suck his cock. Mom sat down on Kevin's face as Paul slowly fucked me from behind. Mom decided she wanted a cock in her mouth, so I moved my mouth down to Kevin's balls while mom started sucking his cock. 

I gradually ran my tongue up his shaft until I met mom's lips, we worked our way up to the head of his cock and swirled our tongues around licking his cock like it was ice cream melting. We took turns deep throating him but went back to using our tongues, licking his hard rod and balls. My tongue met Moms several times, wrapping them around his cock until she finally grabbed my face and pulled my tongue into her mouth.

I didn't resist mom, but swirled my tongue inside her mouth as we sucked on each others lips. We pulled away and redirected our attention back to Kevin's cock. He had ran his tongue as deep as his could inside mom's pussy and was moaning loudly. I could tell by the throbbing sensation in his cock he was fixing to cum, Mom told me it was my time to taste cum and shoved my head down to the point I was almost gagging. 

Kevin let go with an explosion that shot down my throat but I wanted it all and kept sucking until he went limp. While that was going on mom had one of her goose bump raising orgasms as Paul increased his speed and force while fucking me. He got off his knees and onto his feet, bending his knees and started fucking me even harder. Kevin's cock was still in my mouth as I had the most violent orgasm of my life, Paul came in the middle of my orgasm, as all four of us collapsed into one pile. 

We laid there for a few moments trying regain our strength. Mom and I were all exhausted as we got dressed and returned to our room. We stripped off naked and climbed into one bed. I still had the taste of Kevin's cum in my mouth as mom pressed her lips to mine asking me if I enjoyed it, I responded with a sleepy yes and drifted off to sleep.

We woke the next morning at almost the same time, I told mom I needed a shower and asked if she would like to join me. I had the water nice and hot as mom climbed in the shower with me. We once again took turns washing each other off. Even though it was my mom and I had never been with another woman before, I was horny for her. We rinsed all the soap off each other and returned to our bed. 

I laid on my back as mom dove into my pussy with her mouth, I told her I wouldn't last long and that we should get into a sixty nine or she wasn't going to get hers. Mom lowered down onto my face as I tasted pussy for the first time. I grabbed her ass and pulled her down as I stuck my tongue deep into her shaven pussy. She was sucking my clit as I started to orgasm, I told her to cum with me as I began bucking my pussy with the rhythm of her licks. Our orgasms were simultaneous as were screamed with joy and ground our pussy into each others face.

Mom and I fooled around a few more times while we lived together. Eventually we both started new relationships and devoted our sex life to our new partners. We have both been married for about five years now and I have two kids and I tell mom she is the sexiest grandmother I know. We live in different towns now and only see each other once a year where we rekindle our sex life with each other. Oh I almost forgot we married Paul and Kevin...family reunions are fun!!