 With one hand remaining on her head, holding her mouth on his cock, he used the other hand to pull on the stainless steel chain of the slut's nipple clamps.

"OOOOOOOOOOhhhhhh" was all she managed to scream as her nipples stretched from the upward pull. She could not speak because her tongue was trapped under the slab of cock in her mouth. It could only feel the hard ridge that lay along its length. Scott watched the naked slut lying in the sling. Her arms and legs in leather restraints attached to the spreader bars. He looked down the perspiring body, past her quivering stomach to see only the top of Jack's head between her legs. When the pulley raised and her legs up, Scott knew that Jack was attacking her ass. He knew she had come once already and her current spasms had only increased her suction on his cock. She wanted him to come in her mouth. She needed him to cum in her mouth. She knew the flood of hot slippery sperm would careen her over the next sensual precipice. 

She did not have to wait long as her tongue worshipped the cock head in her mouth she could feel the quivering of his legs, then the bucking of his hips and the spasms in his cock as the semen erupted into the back of her mouth and burned the inside of her throat as she gulped and swallowed as fast as she could. Coupled with the sensations of Jack now licking her ass, she tried to squeeze his head with her thighs to encourage him. She needed more. She was desperate to keep going higher.

A roar came from her left and she realized that Fred must have just cum from the blowjob her son was giving him. She turned to head to see Fred holding her son's head tight into his crotch as his legs trembled and shook from the final act of being sucked off.

"Good boy. Just like your dad." she thought to herself through the fog of multiple orgasms.

"FFFFFFFFFFFFFuuuuuuuuuuu...jeez, wow. That was probably the best mouth that I have had on this old cock." the older man boasted as he pulled away.

"I'm too old for this. I could have a heart attack with that kind of cock sucking. I'm one and done man." he panted and gasped for breath as he protected his over stimulated cock from more attention.

"I hope you are too old Fred. There is still prime pussy here."

"No, that's it. I'm done. I gott'a get home anyway. You guys take my place. Let the kid have a go. He deserves it for the job he did on me."

Brian wiped the back of his fingers across his sperm covered lips, smiled at his mother, then they both watched the man leave. The electronic entry beep went off as the latch clicked to lock when the door closed.

"Round two everybody!" the owner called out. "If you are as good as Fred says, get over here and get me hard again so I can ream the slut in the ass."

Brian was only too happy to oblige as he crawled over on his knees to where the owner stood, naked from the waist down. His large but now flagging soft cock hung down majestically over his deflated balls.

"Show me how good you are and you can fuck her after I do."

Christine bound like a trussed turkey with her legs spread could only turn her head to see her son kneeling in front of the man who was about to fuck her. She was still riding the crest of a sexual wave with her small mouth and sensuous soft lips still coated with the man's recent cum,. Although her focus was on the man's soft cock bobbing in front of her son's soft moist lips she could not help but notice that her son had an erection that made her proud. It was ramrod stiff and sticking straight up. Oh yes she thought, let him have his turn to fuck me.

"Jack, turn the slut over on the sling so she is on her stomach. You should be able to really eat her out then." the store owner called out just as Jack had stepped up and laid his cock across her cheek.

"You have a fabulous cunt darling. MMMmmm Sweet and Tasty. I loved going down on you and the sling was magic the way it held up you and I had free access. Marvelous thing that. The way there was a cut out in the leather seat so I could easily slide down to eat your ass."

"Jack keeping working her pussy and her ass for me would you. This sissy boy is every bit as good as Fred says and I am making a comeback and I need her wet and ready."

"Ok darling, let's turn you over."

With Jack's help, Christine lowered her tethered wide open legs, slid off the sling and turned around. Leaning forward she found the cut-outs at the rear of the sling allowed her chained breasts to hang through like udders but found the stainless steel chain strained the nipple clamps. The auto-erotic feel caused a slight moan that was heard by the two men and the boy. Jack adjusted her leg restraints wider and was rewarded by a private view of an engorged wet dripping cunt topped by her small red rose bud. It was a feast for the eyes and it was soon to be a feast for his taste buds. He had had the first course...now time for desert, he thought as he stepped between her suspended legs. He let his semi-hard cock rest against the moist pink slit. The large swollen lips encased the heavily veined and rough textured cock. 

Jack felt the slut's smooth thighs on his hips as he rooted around her sex. He felt himself getting firmer but did not seek penetration. Her wide open her cunt was unencumbered and all he really wanted to do was use his talented tongue. He fell to his knees, gripped the inside of the legs, slid his hands along the silky smooth thigh highs until he reached the naked flesh of stretched taut thighs then leaned in until his nose was buried between the cheeks of her ass. He inhaled her muskiness before letting is tongue taste her dripping juices. 

He held her ass cheeks apart with his left hand as he swished his tongue over her, capturing all the creamy leakage running from her overflowing vagina. He lapped her lips like a dog at a water bowl. Juicy squishy sounds filled the room as he eagerly sought to bring her to another orgasm. He took two fingers of his right hand and gently reamed the soft vulva and smeared any remaining juices on the overheated lips. Slowly he inserted both fingers into her ...searching for her g-spot. Then firmly brought his thumb onto her clit. He increased both the depth and the pace as he began to finger fuck her while tweaking the hard nubbin that was struggling to escape the inner folds and its restrictive hood. 

Jack used his thumb to free the hidden clit and soon had it out to a point that he could fully caress its length. Not overly endowed with a large clit, Christine never-the-less twitched and spasmed at the groping. He could feel the walls of her cunt squeezing his fingers in time with the circles his thumb was making.

"Another finger. Use a third finger!!" she called out as she pushed her hips back trying to capture and suck the two probing fingers deeper.

Jack knew exactly where to use the third finger and it was his left hand index finger that plunged into her ass. His fat fingers could feel each other through the thin membrane that separated her cunt from her ass. He heard her sharp intake of breath as he buried his fingers as deep as they would go.

"Keep her going for another couple of minutes, while I try something." the owner requested as he shuffled around. Brian on his knees followed, not allowing the hardening cock to slip from his mouth. When he finished turning, Brain found himself staring at his mother. Her mouth was open desperate to share the slippery saliva coated cock between them. Brian, pulled back his lips and let the cock slip out. He then pressed it forward to that he and his mother could each suck on the fat head. Their lips met and slipped over each other's as they worshipped the cockhead. Their tongues met and both tasted the tangy pre-cum that was beginning to ooze out.

"Suck my balls." Scott implored the youngster. "Let her suck the head while you lick my balls.

Scott looked down to see the two sluts working his manhood. Christine was upside down and his rigid erect cock slid right up and into her open mouth. The young boy, his employee, was twisted around under him and had taken one his sagging balls into this mouth. Brian could feel it swell as it began to fill with a new supply of his boss' spermy cream. Brian let his tongue swirl around the coarse pubic hair and felt the resurgence of sexual energy in his boss' body.

Scott felt the stirring and Christine felt the lengthening and fattening of the cock deep in her mouth.

"Is she ready Jack?"

"Give me 15 seconds then get over here and fuck her."

"Not sure I can last that long buddy. These two are doing a real number on me."

"Okay, she'll be ready by the time you get here." Jack replied as he increased the tempo of his fingers.

"Time to change places." Scott decried as he dipped his hips and pulled his now firm cock out the slut's mouth. The boy on the floor, and with a loud "pop" released the hairy ball sack as the owner stepped away.

Within seconds, Scott found himself standing between two of the prettiest legs he ever had the privilege of standing between. He stepped in proudly. Using his two hands he pulled her the cheeks of her ass even further apart. He lay his long wide cock down the crack so that the large mushroom head split her cunt gash. He let it lay there, pulsating then, to tantalize her, he gently dipped his hips to run the glanz up and down the outside of smooth naked nether lips. Feeling her wiggle her hips trying to get his cock into her, Scott knew she was ready. He withdrew his cock then pressed it along the crevice of her ass and pushed the cheeks together. They enveloped his cock and created sensations that tingled down to his toes as he began to rhythmically slide the large cockhead across her dark red asshole.

His cock slid easily between her moist cheeks, the firm edge of his corona scraped back and forth over her already stimulated rosebud. He felt her muscles tense as she responded to one finger circling around her opening. 

"That's it. Relax. Let me take it slow. Let me do the work." he urged as he continued to gently probe, inserting the tip of his finger. 

"Jack, you got the slut so hot. She is so ready for me." he stated as he replaced his finger with the meaty end of his rigid cock.

Pushing the shaft down to align it properly he pressed inward and after the initial resistance drove the fat head through her tight but slippery sphincter opening. With the alignment confirmed; he withdrew, opened a foil wrapped condom and stretched it over his twitching cock.

Christine started to groan in anticipation but found that as soon as she opened her mouth it was full of cock. While Scott had been playing with her ass and cunt. Jack had come around to grab her head and hold her tight on his cock

"Open wide slut...Fuckk..." Jack cried out as his fat cock explored the back of the cocksucker's soft jizz covered throat and mouth.

"All the way baby. Goin' all the way in today." Scott almost yelled as he grabbed her hips and pulled her back, swinging her back toward him while at the same time thrusting himself forward, driving his long heavy veined shaft through the tight opening and deep into her.

"Fuckk..." Scott cried out simultaneously with Jack, as he explored the depths of the tight back passage of the cum-slut laid out in front of him.

Brian, still on his knees, watched the male duo abuse his mother, the slut that was tied between them to the sling. He could clearly hear his mother gagging on the fat cock in mouth. He could hear the clinking of the steel sling chain as she swayed back and forth, impaled on one end then impaled at the other end. He could hear the slap of the owner's balls against his mother's sweaty thighs as he drove hard into her. The rhythm steadily increased as the seconds grew into minutes. Added to it was high pitch jingling from the light weight nipple clamp chain as it tried to constrain the udder like tits hanging down and flopping due to the abasement that was happening.

He could smell sex in the fetid air. It was mixed with the sweat of the four of them. It was mixed with the smell of new leather and the lingering disinfectant odor wafting from the arcade in the rear. 

He could still taste Fred's cum in his mouth, Scott's recent pre-cum on his lips and underneath it all the faint trace of his mother's musky cunt juice still lingered on his tongue and in his brain.

"Same thing kid. You and the slut both suck my cock." Jack demanded, jolting Brian out of his sexual daze. 

Brian moved around and leaned in toward his mother's face that was already impaled on the fat cock. Jack pulled back and let the two sets of lips and tongues swirl over his saliva covered cock. Brian worked his mouth up and down the shaft while his mother continued to work the head. Their eyes meeting ever so often as they stimulated his red manhood. 

Jack and Scott both noticed Christine beginning to shudder and tremble as her orgasm built.

"Everybody ready? Scott cried out as he deeply inhaled a concentrated dose of amyl nitrate from the small popper bottle. 

"...Now!!"

Jack withdrew his straining cock and began to madly masturbate. Fisting his cock he aimed the rampant head directly at the two cocksuckers. He planned on giving them a big facial to share. Scott, pulled the slut back into his groin and, through the thin condom, he felt her quiver. Christine panted and stuck her tongue out to catch as much of the hot creamy sperm while Brian aped his mother - holding his mouth open next to hers - he wanted his share of the prize load.

Jack's legs shook as he blasted hot ropes of cum on Christina's face. He was first. The thick globs splashed in her mouth and spread over her face sending her over the edge second. Christine was second, her insatiable slut body spasmed and she cried out as she frantically squeezed then clenched the ejaculating cock buried to the hilt in her ass - milking the sperm out of him, giving her the desperately needed release. Scott came third but didn't care. He let go of all thoughts as he pushed as deep as he could and let this jizz flow. His legs were trembling as he strained to get his spurting cockhead as deep as possible.

Brian, was awe-struck by the near simultaneous explosion of sexual energy and then its post orgasmic calm. He had not come. He was afraid the swing would collapse and his mother would get hurt. His cock was still stretched erect, his balls aching but he could not act. He saw Jack, weak and unsteady after his release, fall back and hold himself up by gripping the wall display of rental cd's. He saw Scott collapse across the sweaty smooth naked back of the cum-dump on the swing. He saw the softening cock slip of his mother's ass and droop limply, the condom tip, full and heavy, its end sagging. He saw his mother's tits hanging down. The frantic coital floppy and jerking had been so violent that the long red angry nipples pulled free of the clamps.

He softly touched to his mother's head to make sure she was ok. He heard her murmur...meux, meux weakly. He slid his hand down and scooped up a glob of still warm cum that was beginning to drip down her cheek. He added to Jack's rope of cum that was already in his mouth. He kept the salty tasting glob on his tongue and rolled it around. He collected two more of the larger facial deposits and then sucked them off his fingers. When he had a large enough ball of cum, he leaned into his mother and kissed her on the lips. She understood what he wanted, what he needed. Mother's always did. She opened her mouth and accepted the snowball of sperm from her son. Her very talented and experience tongue swirled it around, keeping the creamy opalescent mass together. She savored the taste and the texture, but what continued to excite was that fact that it was her son who had shared it with her. She opened her mouth and let her son slurp the gooey mess out of her mouth.

Scott watched as, unbeknownst to him, mother and son shared Jack's sperm.