 Chapter 1: The Invitation

Sitting at the patio table with my boyfriend, Ryan, his coworker, Ben, and Ben's girlfriend, Eden, I felt very out of place and was beginning to regret having insisted that Ryan introduce me to some of his new coworkers. He'd been on the job for a month, and I had yet to meet any of them. Because I tended to be shy, most of our mutual friends began as his friends, and I was feeling a bit lonely and left out. That I still felt this way in the midst of what was supposed to be an enjoyable barbecue was doing nothing for my mood.

Ben was nice enough and easy on the eyes, just as Ryan was. Ryan was tall, slim, and nicely cut like a swimmer with dirty blond hair that never seemed to lie quite right, though the messy style seemed almost planned. His dark green eyes were usually smiling and laughing, and his smile was a nice one, lazy and amused behind full lips. Ben was darker, with reddish brown hair kept short and cleanly styled, very GQ, and he was boyishly handsome, with sharp angles to his face and brilliant blue eyes that seemed mischievous above a secretive smile. He was tall as well, two or three inches over six feet, and his body was more muscled, though not bulky, with a slender waistline.

I felt perfectly comfortable with the two of them; after all, Ben seemed to have a personality very similar to Ryan's, teasing and flirtatious with a quick smile and a broad sense of humor. Eden, on the other hand, made me very uncomfortable. She was tall, blonde, and leggy with pouty lips, hazel eyes, and a persistently bored expression, like the look of all supermodels as they walked down the runway. She was arrogant and demanding, obviously feeling she warranted all the attention in our little group. She was everything I hated in a woman.

I, on the other hand, am short, brunette, and busty. Mind you, I'm thin and have an hour-glass figure, if you don't mind that hourglass being a little top heavy. My dark brown eyes are glossy, and I keep my hair long and thick, trying to play up my best features, but I was severely insecure as she sat there in her short shorts with miles of leg hanging out and a boisterous laugh meant to turn every head in a room with the promise of sex.

I thought I was doing okay, for all my discomfort, as we made our way through the steaks and veggies we'd roasted on the grill, and she knew she was being a good hostess, keeping everyone supplied with beer and wine. Then, the ball dropped – Ryan asked Ben to join him in the garage to take a look at the '67 Mustang he was restoring, and I knew this was a guy moment, where I wouldn't be able to follow.

It left me alone in the yard with the Blond Amazonian, and I suddenly clammed up. I didn't have anything in common with this woman, and I didn't like her; how was I supposed to hold casual conversation with her? I tried sipping my beer and not making eye contact, and I thought it was working until she cleared her throat and started to speak to me, causing me to jerk my eyes back to her perfectly made up face.

"So, Lydia, how long have you and Ryan been together?"

The question caught me off guard because I hadn't thought she was interested in anything to do with me or my life. I stuttered a little when I answered. "Five years. Ryan's got a hang up about marriage, so I'm trying to be patient."

She nodded as if she understood and responded, "Ya, I'm not a fan of the institution myself. It's awfully restrictive. Ryan's a great looking guy."

I couldn't tell what she meant by the statement, but I tried to play it cool, so I answered carefully. "So is Ben. How long have you been together?"

She shrugged noncommittally. "I wouldn't necessarily say we're together. I've been seeing him for about a month. He's a great lay, so I've kept him on my dance card for now." She smiled at me as though she were going to reveal a secret, and I suddenly felt a bit suspicious, even defensive, though I didn't know why. "To be honest, I'm not really his type. I've seen pictures of past girlfriends, and you fall into that category much better than I do. If you offered, he'd show you just how good he is."

I felt myself blushing and searched for a response that would make my position clear without being rude. "Look, Eden, I don't know how you live your life, and I don't really care, but I'm committed to my relationship, and I don't look outside of it for pleasure."

"Hmmm," she said. "Too bad. I wanted to ask you if you might switch with me. You know, each of us take the other one's man for a little test drive. I know Ben would give his blessing, and I'm sure he could get Ryan on board easy."

I felt my eyes get a little wide, and I swallowed hard. I'd thought she'd made a bad impression before. Now, I really had a problem with her because she wanted my boyfriend. Insecure, who, me? "Listen, Eden, Ryan's not up for grabs, and even if he was on board for swinging with you guys, I wouldn't be, so I would appreciate it if you'd drop the subject."

She laughed that full, throaty laugh and shook her head. "Relax, Lydia, I don't want to piss you off. If you're not up for it, that's fine. I don't want to take anyone out of their comfort zone. I'm just always up for a new experience and looking for anyone else who wants to participate." She was silent after that, and I didn't breach the silence. I was too stunned, too insulted, to try to make amends.

When the guys came back, I fell into hostess mode again, and it wasn't long before Ben and Eden left. When Ryan asked what I thought of them, I shrugged noncommittally, imitating Eden's earlier gesture. "Ben's nice. I think he'd be a lot of fun to hang around, if it weren't for Eden being attached to him."

Ryan chuckled and put his arms around my waist, planting a little kiss on my lips. "Well, first of all, she doesn't hold a candle to you, and second of all, Ben's not too thrilled with her, either. He says she's too high maintenance and also not up for any kind of commitment, no matter how small." He shrugged. "So, if it's just him, not her, you wouldn't mind hanging out again?"

I nodded. "I suppose that would be fine." Of course, I hadn't realized what I was getting into with that reassurance. Ben was over twice that week for dinner, thanking me profusely for feeding him a good, home-cooked meal and making him feel less lonely. I waved it off both times, telling him it was no big deal and that we enjoyed his company. The second time, Ryan invited him back to watch the football game on Sunday and, after assuring himself it wouldn't bother me, he agreed.

I decided to make some snack dishes and to cook a roast in the crock pot for the day, so I was spending a lot of time in the kitchen while they watched the game. They drank more than a moderate amount of beer, and every once in awhile, Ryan would come into the kitchen, give me a squeeze and a kiss, then grab them each another beer and head back.

I'd just peeked around the corner to find that the game was coming to an end so that I could plan the timing of the side dishes with dinner when Ben came into the kitchen. "Ben, can I get you anything?"

He motioned over his shoulder toward the living room with his thumb. "I told Ryan I'd make the beer run this time. Fridge, bottom shelf, right?" I nodded and went back to work. I expected to hear him digging around in the fridge, but there was no sound behind me.

Suddenly, I felt breath on the back of my neck, and I knew Ben was standing inches from me, behind my back. I got very still, all my nerve endings standing on end. He spoke, his voice low and quiet, and when the words came out, I knew he was hoping Ryan wouldn't hear him. "So, Eden told me you weren't attracted to me. Somehow, I doubt that's the problem."

I felt my breath catch in my throat, and I couldn't answer him. It was such a shocking statement I didn't know what to say anyway, and it didn't matter because he continued. "You see, I think that you are attracted to me, just like I'm attracted to you, and that the only thing that holds you back is Ryan. Am I right?"

I thought about it for a minute because in truth, I did find him incredibly attractive, but I hadn't dwelt on it, not ever considering the possibility of anything happening with him because of one thing. That's what I focused on when I answered. "I love Ryan, and I'm very happy in our relationship. I would never do anything that would hurt him." My voice was quiet, too, barely above a whisper, but it was more because I was frightened by the situation than because I was hiding.

"And what if Ryan gave his blessing?" Ben asked, and I felt his fingertips, ever so light, on my shoulder. "What if he said he'd be happy to share you with me, for one glorious night? Would you do it?" HE paused, and I didn't answer. The alternate universe he was suggesting seemed all too ridiculous, much too unreal, and I couldn't even fathom it. He went on. "What if it was more than that? What if Ryan wanted to be a part of it? If we were all three together? Would that make it alright?"

I opened my mouth to speak, but the words wouldn't come out. My throat was dry, and my chest was tight. I turned to face him, a swift pivot on my heel, and I was eye level with his chest, only inches in front of me. But that's not the only thing that caught my attention. There was movement in the doorway, and as I moved to look around his shoulder, Ryan stood there, watching us.

I felt the heat of a blush creeping up my face, but Ryan's words stopped it cold. "Answer him, Lydia. I want to know what you're willing to do."

My eyes grew wide again, and I felt my jaw drop. I just stared at him for a long moment, forgetting about the man so close in front of me. "What are you saying, Ryan? Are you saying you want something like this? You want me to sleep with another man?" 

He shrugged and took a few steps closer. "I want for us to sleep with someone else. So tell me, would you be a part of it?"

I didn't know what to say, and I found myself looking back and forth between their faces. I looked at Ryan, the man I'd loved for five years, and I saw eagerness and nerves on his face but no condemnation. I turned back to Ben, and I saw desire, sensuality, and the promise of heat and passion. I turned back to Ryan and realized he watched not only me but also Ben with that look, and it was in that moment that I knew what I'd been missing.

Ryan wanted to be with a man. Maybe not alone with one, but he wanted to try it on for size, and he wanted me to be a part of it. I looked back at Ben and took in his features, noting the day's growth of dark beard on his face, stubble, just enough to leave burn marks wherever he would rub his face. Just the fact that I was thinking such a thought had me wondering about my own desires. And I had to admit that the thought of having two men, as well as watching two men, was exciting.

I raised my eyes to Ben one more time, opening my mouth to speak, but his mouth covered mine in that instant, and he kissed me, long and hard, until I gave in, relaxing against him and kissing him back. When he pulled back, my heart was racing and I was breathless. I turned to Ryan to se his reaction, and it floored me. His expression was tight with longing and barely contained excitement and a swift glance at his groin told me that other signs of excitement were not so tightly controlled.

Making up my mind, I reached out a hand to Ryan, an unspoken invitation, and he strode toward us, taking my hand and pulling me against him, kissing me with more fervor than Ben just had. He crushed his lips to mine, plunged his tongue deep into my mouth, and as he did, I felt Ben move in behind me, pressing his front to my back and pushing his arms between us, his hand creeping down the front of my jeans so it was almost between my legs.

His touch was gentle but firm, and I found myself shifting my stance to allow him to touch lower, more of me, as Ryan's hands came up to cradle my breasts, squeezing and taunting my nipples with his thumbs. I suddenly felt heat all over my body, as if someone had lit a fire in my belly and it was radiating heat from the inside out. I wasn't sure where to put my own hands, but I wanted to touch someone as intimately as I was being touched.

I reached around Ryan and grabbed his ass, firmly, decisively, and I pulled him closer, pressing his erection against my belly and Ben's hand. The feel of him hard and ready made me moan into his mouth, and Ben grunted, his own cock beginning to grow against my lower back.

Ryan pulled back from the kiss and put his hands on my upper arms, turning me in a circle between them so that I was facing Ben. I expected Ben to kiss me again, but his hands grabbed the bottom of my shirt and jerked it over my head, leaving me all but exposed from the waist up in just a black lace demi bra. His hand closed over one breast, managing to draw the nipple up out of the bra, and he bent his head, his mouth closing over it, his tongue and teeth teasing and playing with it, making me moan.

As he worked each nipple with his mouth, Ryan was already reaching for the fly of my jeans, and he deftly removed the denim barrier, sliding the pants down to my ankles. His hand curled inside my black lace panties, his fingers teasing at my clit with the lightest of touches. I whimpered slightly from the sensation of it all, and Ryan grabbed my hair, pulling my head back so he could bend over my shoulder and take my mouth again.

I was getting very aroused very quickly, and I wanted to feel bare skin against mine. I pulled away from the kiss rather roughly, breathing hard, and said in a voice more coarse than mine, "I don't want to be the only one naked here."

Ben pulled away from his work on my nipples long enough to chuckle, and he looked over my shoulder at Ryan. "Come here," he commanded. Ryan didn't hesitate but let go of me and moved around so he and Ben were face to face, inches separating them. Ben reached for the buttons on Ryan's collared shirt and began to unfasten them. It seemed very intimate, very erotic, and I felt my mouth go dry again, while the regions between my legs grew moist.

Ben spread the shirt wide open, his fingers brushing Ryan's chest, and Ryan inhaled sharply, almost as if it hurt. Ben slid the shirt off his arms and stood still, waiting for Ryan to reach out to him. Tentatively, he reached for the hem of Ben's shirt and began drawing it slowly up over his head. Ben accommodated, raising his arms to make the gesture easier.

Ryan didn't stop there but reached for Ben's fly, his hands fumbling now as they brushed across the hard mass beneath the cloth. He seemed nervous, and I reached out, put a hand on his bare back, and heard myself say, "It's okay, Ryan. Touch it if you want to." He stiffened under my touch, and I watched as Ben took hold of Ryan's wrist and guided it onto the hard-on beneath his jeans, all but forcing him to caress it. Ryan made a small sound in his throat, and a rumble like a growl bubbled up from Ben's chest. I could see his cock twitching at the touch, and I stepped in to finish removing the jeans, getting rid of the barrier that hindered Ryan from making contact.

My eyes bulged slightly when I realized Ben wore no underwear and his cock – bigger than I had expected = sprung free, nearly long enough and erect enough to touch his navel. I would have reached for it, felt the warmth of it and the smoothness of the skin, but Ryan's hand was already there, exploring with curiosity and appreciation. His touch was tender, hesitant, and delicate, and when I looked up to Ben's face, I saw complete rapture and a wildness to his eyes that told me he'd wanted this for a very long time and was having trouble controlling himself.

I reached for Ben's hand as Ryan continued to feel his cock, placing it on my stomach. I wanted him to choose which direction to go – up or down – but I needed him to touch me, to spill that pleasure over onto my skin. His eyes turned to me, and his hand plunged, pulling my panties to the side and playing with the wet warmth that had covered my pussy. My lips parted, and he leaned down, biting my lower lip, nibbling along the edge of it, then kissed me fully. As he did, two of his fingers dug inside me, and I screamed into his mouth, ready to erupt already.

Absently almost, Ryan's free hand found my ass and began to massage, even as Ben's fingers thrust in and out of me, searching for my G-spot and finding it faster than I would have expected. The first time he hit it, my entire body convulsed, the shiver spreading into both of the men's bodies. I needed something to hold onto, something to touch, and my hands found Ryan's crotch, even as they both continued to play with me, a tangle of arms. I nearly hurt myself in my hurry to remove his pants, pinching my finger in the zipper, but once he was nude in front of me, it didn't matter.

I curled my hand around the familiar hardness of his cock and began to smooth my hand up and down it, feeling it spasm against my touch. Ryan's hand smoothed up my back to grab my hair, yanking me away from the kiss with Ben and pulling me into him. As his lips closed over mine, Ben's fingers dove into me again, torturously pleasurable, and I felt the wave of orgasm crash over me, bringing me with a scream that Ryan swallowed.

I wanted more, and I wasn't sure what to do next. I wanted to pleasure these men, but I also realized that this was as much about their pleasure in each other as it was about my pleasure with them. I pulled back from both of them and left them standing, facing each other, fully undressed with both cocks standing at attention. They both looked at me for a long moment, then turned and looked at each other.

It was Ben who made the move, and Ryan didn't back away. When they're mouths met, I felt dangerously close to coming again, getting off on the sensuality of it. They were both sexy, masculine, and yet they were both tender and needy in that moment. Ben pulled away first, and he motioned me forward.

I moved toward them hesitantly, wondering how this was going to work. Would they both fuck me? Would they fuck each other? I didn't know, but it seemed Ben had a plan. "Lydia, I want you to lay here on the floor in front of me." He knelt and grabbed my hand, pulling me down to the ground. The kitchen floor was cold against my skin, and it only got colder when he pulled my panties off.

He scooted between my legs, forcing them open with the width of his own body, and I was so enticed by the length of his shaft that I had to reach out and touch it, to see if it felt as smooth as it looked. The skin was baby smooth over the hard mass, and his head was huge and round, swollen with his arousal. I glanced up and saw Ryan absently touching his own cock, just barely stroking it as he watched me.

"Ryan?" Ben made his name a question, calling his attention. "I want you to stand over her, right in front of me, so I can suck your cock."

Now, that was a configuration I hadn't expected. I'd never seen a man blow another man, and I was intrigued at the prospect. Ryan gazed down at me, uncertainty in his eyes but also extreme excitement. I nodded and told him, "Do it. You want to. I want to see it."

Carefully, he stepped one foot over me so that he was basically straddling my waist as he stood there. Ben reached one hand down to me, casually tracing his fingers over my clit and making me writhe on the cold tile as he reached his other hand out and closed it around the base of Ryan's cock. He used his grip to guide it into his mouth, and I was impressed as he took the whole thing in, deep in his throat, with the first taste.

Ryan made a sound, almost like he was choking, and he threw his head back with pleasure. I couldn't see his face, but I could see the muscles in his back and butt tense with the feeling, and my hands closed over his ankles, wanting to feel that sexual tension for myself.
