 "Yes honey, I'll wear the black one." Lacey cooed into the phone. She was having a hard time concentrating on getting her make up just so while her husband described in lurid and lewd details exactly how he was going to take her when she got home from her business trip. That wouldn't happen for another three days. "With the heels you got me for Valentines Day." Beast that he was he loved seeing just how worked up he could get her when she was away, the only blessing Lacey had now was she was already off work for the evening. Normally he liked to whisper in her ear while she drove to work and she'd have to sit through her meetings hoping nobody could see how flushed she was. Worse sometimes he'd send her pictures of his glorious body.

"I've got to go. Sara wants go out for a few drinks to unwind. It might the only chance we get while we're here. Boss man has us on a pretty tight schedule over here." Lacey said as she finished getting her make up just right. "Goodnight Love, I'll see you soon." Lacey made a loud smooching noise before hanging up and dropping her phone into her purse. 

Lacey smiled and took one last look in the mirror. She wasn't quite the 'hard body' she'd been in high school but only her husband minded that and he was smart enough to keep it to himself most of the time. She'd never really been comfortable with the body that five years of running track had produced, she'd been the only girl in school who wore a regular bathing suit to cover up her abs instead of her gut. You could only see them when she was wet but getting wet was a normal part of swimming so she always went covered up. 

Now that she was six years out of high school and track was replaced with three times a week in the gym her stomach had softened to a still trim and sexy belly, just not one her husband could trace the lines with his tongue. Her breasts had filled out a little as well. Harold didn't seem to mind that change at all and he was overjoyed that her ass had a little bounce in it now. She was wearing the same little black dress she'd worn when they met but now she filled it out much better stretching the fabric in all the right places.

"You ready yet Lacey?" Julia called from the next room. 

"Yes," Lacey stepped out of the bathroom turning around for Julia, "-how do I look?" 

The older blonde was wearing a smiled. "You look amazing dear." She snatched up the red leather purse to go with the vibrantly red dress she'd chosen. "Come one, I want to get there while drinks are still half off." 

Lacey hoped that she looked as good as Julia did when she was in her fifties. She was the kind of woman that had helped coin the term MILF and she knew it. Unlike a lot of women childbirth had done Julia a lot of favors widening her formerly waifish hips into shapely grippable curves. It had also replaced her just more than a handful breasts with the kind of tits that turned heads, male and female alike. Just to pass the time she lean into through a doorway to ask trivial questions in her low cut blouses. Her blood red knee length dress did a fantastic job of showing off her body. 

Lacey was actually happy that her husband wasn't around to see Julia dressed up. Not because she cared about him looking at other women, she knew he did it and he was usually pretty discreet about it. He wasn't quite as low key when he caught her looking at a woman. A threesome was one of the things Harold had always wanted to experience and never had so he never hesitated to comment when she was obviously slipping back into her curious college mentality. There weren't a lot of people in the world that would say no to an opportunity to kiss Julia and Lacey could not count herself amongst them even if the woman was more than double her age.

The nearest bar was a fifteen minute cab ride from the hotel they were staying at. Fifteen minutes of Julia promising her husband the most mind blowing sex of his life time and putting on a show for the driver at the same time.

Julia insisted on sitting at the bar and Lacey reluctantly allowed herself to be led to the bar. It took less than a half hour before Lacey admitted that sitting at the bar was a better plan than her plan of staking out one of the relaxing corners. It was the first time she'd been at the bar since she got married and during those three years she'd forgotten just how eager men were to buy a pretty lady a drink. 

She and Julia were discussing the job when a handsome young man in a black silk shirt and red tie sat down beside the two of them Julia with a smug smile. "Hello ladies. Would you mind terribly if I got you each a drink, I hate to drink alone." Lacey rolled her eyes, she'd seen his type before dozens of times. He thought he was God's gift women. And not entirely without warrant either. He was a handsome man with a strong square jaw that would have looked perfect on a poster for an action movie, especially with the 'I couldn't bother shaving this morning' stubble he was sporting. His shirt did nothing to conceal his broad shoulders either. Julia crossed her legs towards him and accepted his offer for both of them. He had a slightly South American Accent that made every word he spoke sound exotic and sensual. 

"Thank you, it's a pleasure to have a drink with a two beautiful women. May I ask what brings you and your," he paused slightly looking them over. Lacey couldn't tell if it was rehearsed for dramatic effect or genuine but she couldn't deny the slight flutter he gave her while he spoke, "-sister, here?"

He wasn't the first person to comment that the two ladies bore a certain resemblance to each other. Julia had had the same sporty build as Lacey when before her children had transformed her body. They had matching blue eyes and high cheek bones as well and at the request of her husband Julia had bleached her hair blonde a few weeks back. 

"My daughter actually." Julia replied with a sugary smile. "We're in town on business for a few days."

Daughter? Lacey tilted her head slightly taking a sip from her Long Island Iced Tea. This could turn out to be interesting and even if she was only going to be looking at him Lacey wasn't quite ready to send him on his way yet. "We here with the PR division of Tepestech to film a commercial." It was close enough to true. Lacey was Julia's assistant and Julia was the webmaster for the Tepestech website. 

"Models? I should have guessed." He smiled. "I am very sorry, I completely forgot my manners. I'm Alejandro and you are?" 

"Julia." She extended her hand. Alejandro took it with a flourish and placed a gentle kiss on her knuckles. "And this is my daughter Lacey." 

Alejandro rose from his seat so he could take Lacey's hand and repeat the kiss. "Your perfume is exquisite Lacey. It reminds me of my mother's garden back in Brazil."

Oh, he's good. He's very good. Lacey mused hoping she wasn't blushing too obviously. "Thank you Alejandro." Even his name felt good on her tongue. She had to take a sip from her drink to break away from his gaze. She didn't trust herself not to get lost if she let him continue staring at her. "But we're not the models for the shoot."

"That's a shame. I was hoping I would be able to gaze upon your beauty again in the future instead I shall have to enjoy you both as much as I can before the time comes for us to part." He brought his bourbon to his lips. Lacey casually noticed how closely the drink matched his bronzed skin then making the leap to wonder if tasted that good.

"I guess you will." Julia giggled. 

Losing track of time with the hot blooded Latino was incredibly easy. Lacey stopped trying to keep track of the minutes after a while and instead started measuring the time in drinks. At two Long Island Ice Teas and three shots she had to drag her partner in crime off to the ladies room to freshen up. "Hey mom, I'm headed to the bathroom, would you like to join me?" 

As soon as they were safely out of earshot, "I'm your daughter!" 

Julia beamed her response. "Yes dear, now why don't you behave? My God he's sexy."

Lacey tried to temper her voice but she couldn't quite sound as nonchalant as she wanted to. "Yes he is. I have to get back to the room. A few more drinks and I might do something I'll regret." Lacey wanted to blame it on the drinks but that was just a pleasant excuse. Even without the drinks he would have had her hanging on every word and gesture. With the drinks she was dangerously close to asking him back to the room.

"Well you can go if you want Lacey, but if I don't have a few more drinks with him I might not do something regret it!" The scandal of it lit up Lacey's eyes and scored Julia a light slap on the shoulder. "Don't look at me like that I can't help it that I have a thing for handsome men with smooth tongues." She took a deep breath and dramatically fanned herself.

"But you're married!" Lacey hissed.

"I know. Duncan will love hearing all about it when I get back home." Julia smiled. "Actually give me one second." Julia pulled out her phone and placed it on the sink while she touched up her make up. Duncan picked up after three rings. "Hey honey guess what. . .me and Lacey met the sexist man alive. He looks kinda like that Arabic guy from The Mummy."

"The guy who's on Covert Affairs?" Duncan asked. To Lacey's surprise he didn't sound the least bit jealous. Julia thought for a second then confirmed but pointed out he had longer hair. Hair that she wanted to run her fingers through. "Have fun, I want to hear about it when you get back sexy."

"I might not get to though." Julia said with palpable pout.

"Oh, that's too bad dear. Why not? Your charm isn't fading is it?" Duncan taunted.

"It's not that. Lacey, the new girl, is with me and we're sharing a room!"

"Hey don't blame me! You can get laid if you want!" Lacey retorted a little louder than she'd meant to. It was just the two of them in the bathroom so it didn't really matter but she still meant to whisper. "Don't let me stop you."

"I can't just leave you behind dear. Either we both get laid or neither one of us does." Julia declared. "It just wouldn't be right to leave you all alone. And what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas."

"We're not in Vegas, we're in New York." Lacey replied trying to come up with a plausible excuse.

"Fine, if you're uncomfortable with it I'll send him away and we can finish our drinks in peace. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." Julia finished her make up, hung up on her husband and walked back out to the club leaving Lacey alone in the bathroom.

I will not be the stick in the mud with a woman twice my age. Lacey wasn't sure if it was lust, liquor talking but neither of them would let her be outshone by an old lady. Even one who could easily pass for half her age.

When she got back she wasn't sure if Alejandro had moved or if the seats at the bar had just shifted but instead of sitting next to Julia the open seat was right beside him opposite Julia. "I'm sorry Alejandro, we should probably get going." Julia started leaning forward and placing one hand on his thigh.

"What is the problem?" 

"Well nothing Alejandro. I was just telling Mother that it wasn't right for us to keep spending your money here when we have a fully stocked mini-bar back at the hotel." She leaned forward placing her hand on Julia's sliding it up a little just an inch.

Alejandro's lips curled seductively. He finished his drink in a single swallow and placed a couple of bills beneath the glass. Lacey gasped slightly when she noticed that the bills he'd subtly set down were fifty dollar bills. She couldn't remember the last time she went to a bar but there was no way the three of them had racked up a hundred dollars worth of drinks. Lacey quickly found her attention drawn toward something else. Alejandro's black slacks clung perfectly to his firm ass. It was very easy to imagine those muscular thighs pumping back and forth.

Lacey wasn't sure if the ride back to the hotel really took twice as long or if it was just that every second stretched into an eternity crammed into close quarters with Julia and Alejandro. Since she was the smallest one she was stuck in the middle and each of them had a hand on a leg subtly inching her dress up a little higher every time they could. If she hadn't known they had only just met two Long Island Iced Teas and four shots ago Lacey would have sworn the two were working in tandem to get her undressed. The driver seemed to be in on it as well locking his eyes with hers through the rearview mirror. It was impossible to keep her cheeks from lighting up under his scrutiny and their combined lack of decorum and she felt powerless to do anything more than sit perfectly still and let them all assault her body.

When they pulled into up to hotel Lacey was the one who threw a the man a few bills in her rush to scramble out of the cab. She took a few steps before realizing the two hadn't just worked dress up an indecent amount, they had also dragged the top down enough to for the edge of her bra to be visible over the top of her dress and pulling her dress down to cover her grey lace thong just drew more attention to her chest. She picked up the pace to something between a power walk and a trot to get to the relative privacy of the elevator before pulling her dress back up. "You two are beasts." She hissed.

"I am the one to blame Lacey. I could not resist." He brushed his fingers along her cheek tucking her blonde hair behind her ear in the process. You are just so overwhelming."

"Isn't she?" Julia answered slipping behind Lacey pressing her breasts against the younger woman's back. Julia's hands rested on Lacey's hips already working her dress up a few inches before the elevator reached its destination.

It was the first time Lacey had been in the middle of what she could only call a tumble to the room. Two sets of hands eagerly pawing at her body occasionally pinching, squeezing or rubbing was a new experience for her. Two sets of hands were overwhelming yet they were nowhere as tremendous as two sets of mouths working opposite sides of her throat. Lacey's dress was bunched around her waist by the time the door was shut. The only reason the slinky black fabric wasn't on the floor was because Alejandro insisted on pulling it down so his satiny lips could kiss along Lacey's shoulders and Julia was determined to get the dress up high enough that she could side get rid of her Lacey's panties. Calling bunching her dress around her belly like a belt a compromise would imply that Julia or Alejandro had intentionally stopped there instead of that just being the one place it wasn't bothering either of them.

Lacey's legs wobbled beneath her forcing her throw an arm around each of her lovers to keep from toppling over in a heap of entwined limbs. Alejandro's eager mouth found it's way to Lacey's muffling what would have been a scream when Julia's equally rapacious lips made contact with Lacey's nether lips. 

Lacey wrapped her arms around Alejandro's torso crossing over his back and digging her fingers into his firm muscular shoulders. She clutched his unyielding male flesh against her soft submissive female body refusing to let him retreat even an inch from her kiss. Lacey's body contorted into a position she'd regret when she woke up to accommodate Julia's blonde head jammed between her thighs. The older blonde had Lacey on the precipice of an orgasm almost as soon as her tongue made contact with sensitive flesh. 

Alejandro's kiss kept Lacey from crying out in pleasure. It didn't stop her body's expressions. Alejandro didn't' need words to understand what the suddenly savage kiss meant coupled with Lacey clawing at his shoulders. Julia was well enough versed in the human female's various expressions for rapture that Lacey's thighs clamping shut around her head conveyed her desire as clearly as any words. The three remained locked in place until Lacey finally unwound from the two and stared blankly at the ceiling.

The vulgar cacophony of noises emitted by her partners eventually brought Lacey back from her leave of senses. Beside her on the bed Julia was completely nude save for her white lace bra and white strapped heels. She was straddling Alejandro's head. It was impossible to see what she was doing behind the curtain of blonde locks bobbing and down with her head. It wasn't difficult at all to hear her alternating between moaning and slurping noisily and Alejandro's tongue waggling inside her. Lacey watched the two and immediately felt her body warming again. 

Lacey pulled her dress off stripping down to just her heels and slid beneath one of Alejandro's legs so she was staring up at Julia. No invitation was necessary, Lacey wrapped her lips around his scrotum sucking. Lacey clutched one thigh keeping Alejandro's flesh between her pursed lips. Julia's eyes were lit with lust. The sight of Julia's lips stretched taut around Alejandro's pulsing golden member was instantaneously seared onto Lacey's retinas. For week's she bee able to recall every detail of what she witnessed including the supremely satisfied look on Julia's face when she pulled away from Alejandro's cock. It was still twitching a little when it dropped out of sight.

Julia caught Lacey completely off guard when she took the young woman's face and pulled her into a sloppy sperm soaked kiss. Normally she didn't even do this for her husband. Here, with Julia feeding it to her and Alejandro watching, it was a treat to feel the fluid slipping between her tongue and Julia's. The two women finished the kiss and turned toward Alejandro with hungry smiles. 

"Like a mother and baby bird." Alejandro playfully taunted. The women exchanged a smile before crawling up on opposite sides of their swarthy lover for a fresh round of kissing.