 Jack's brother, who had been deployed with the Marines, had just returned home. He came for a weekend visit to catch up on what Jack & his new sister-in-law Mona had been doing in their daily life. 

It was a Saturday afternoon and there wasn't anything worth watching on TV. They were doing some catching up and telling war stories. They were leaving Mona out of the conversation so Jack suggested that find something which all could do.

They ended up played one of those mindless board games. It was one where you roll a couple of dice and move a little wooden peg around the outside of the board and win or lose play money. It was easy to play and they could still carry on their conversation and include Mona. 

They sat on the living room floor leaning on some overstuffed pillows. It turned into a nice rainy day, maybe a bit humid, with a nice breeze blowing in from the wooded area across the road. Their summer shorts, tee shirts, and tennis shoes felt about right for the day.

The game didn't require much concentration so they could just talk about the past, future plans, and family stuff. Mona sat cross legged across the board from them wearing loose legged cotton shorts and a halter top. Her pants legs were so loose Jack could see the crouch of her transparent pink panties with her crack clearly visible.

Jack felt his desire starting to stir. He was then thinking more about what he was seeing than his brother John's conversation. John had started talking about the military and the differences between the military services. Jack was thinking about getting his sexy wife out of her shorts.

As Jack put the game away he kept the play money and suggested that they would play 5 card studs. Jack and his brother divided the board game money between them. After playing for an hour or so the conversation, as well as the game, was dragging.

When it was Jack's turn to deal he jokingly suggested that they liven up their game a bit and play strip poker. 

They all had a laugh and John said, "I bet you would but your wife wouldn't". Jack replied, "Yeah I know that's right." Mona surprised Jack by saying, "Don't answer for me." "I can answer my own questions" "How about asking me?" "OK", we both chimed in. "How about it, you want to play strip poker?" "Sure, she replied" Jack wasn't much surprised by her answer as she had shown her interest on John.

They even talked about him during their sex play. Not wanting to give her time to change her mind Jack started dealing the cards. "OK here are the rules we are playing by." "We play until we all are down to our underwear and once you've lost an item of clothing it isn't retrievable." Jack asked if there were any objections to the rules.

Jack looked at his wife she just nodded No" and John just said "Let the game begin." They proceeded with lots of laughter, teasing. They were having fun and about to break a social taboo. This was the first time they had interacted with another adult in any sexual play.

They played several hands with each loosing various articles of clothing. The finally hand came and they were all in their underwear. The game had been exciting and had them all sexually aroused. John suggested that they would continue to play until everyone was totally nude.

At this point Jack expected that Mona to say "No", but once again she said "OK". Before they continued Mona asked if she could swap her bra for Jack's Tee shirt. This was breaking their rule of once an items is lost it can't be retrieved, but since it was a swap and not her item they agreed.

She put on a show for them as she pulled on the Tee shirt and worked her bra off. Jack and John laughed taunting her that they were going to see more of her soon. The Tee shirt cover up was short lived as she promptly lost it the next hand. 

They enjoyed the show as she did a little striptease pulled the Tee shirt up over her head exposing her part breast. They were all then in their underwear pants. John and Jack stared at Mona's breast and rock hard nipples. 

Jack could see she was enjoying the attention and didn't try to cover them while she waited for the next hand. Jack was a little worried that he had allowed this to go too far but, Mona didn't seem in any distress or to be uncomfortable with her partial nudity. So on with the game.

Jack lost the next hand and knew he was going to have to remove his pants. It was embarrassing as his erection just wouldn't go down. Jack removed his jockey shorts trying to cover up as much as he could. Mona was laughing and teasing him about his shyness. Jack did his best to keep his hand covering his lap as they played the next hand.

It was Jack's turn to laugh as his wife lost the next hand and had to give up her pink panties. His wife tried to be cool and stand up to do another strip tease. Jack told her to turn her legs toward him and he helped her to slowly pull off her panties.

He thought his brother's eyes were going to pop out of his head as he pulled them off. Once she was nude she resumed her seated position forgetting or not caring that her cross legs put her freshly shaved pussy gaping slightly open in full view.

John, then the only one with his pants on, was enjoying the uninhibited exhibition as indicated by the tent in his lap. Mona and Jack didn't want to be the only ones nude so they re-divided the game money and the game continued.

Jack decided to add another level to their play by pulling out an adult Truth or Dare game. He added a stack of dare cards for the next looser to draw. This allowed them to continue their erotic game. 

Jack added one more rule that if the loser refused the dare on their card they had to pull two cards the next hand even if they didn't lose.

They all agreed to play by the rules and no dare was off limits. Jack made sure his sexy wife understood what they were doing. Mona lost the first hand and pulled a card that said she had to kiss the winner. 

John, the winner, and Jack's sexy wife had a nice long kiss with his hands doing a little roaming over her breasts.

Jack saw that his wife didn't pull away and even did a little feeling of her own. The next hand his brother lost and gave up his underwear joining them in their nudity. As he pulled his jockeys shorts down his erection sprang out. 

Mona was laughing and made comments about their state of arousal. 

The dare cards, being adult erotic in nature, included some XXX adult activities. Before they added the cards Jack had made sure his wife remembered this. Mona the next looser, pulled a dare that had her having to masturbate one minute without climaxing.  

It was a show worth watching as she lay back and stroked herself. Jack then knew that they were at a point of no return as she obviously was enjoying herself. When the time ended she smiled at them and said" deal the cards I'm really enjoying this game".  

Jack lost the next hand and his card said to engage in oral sex on another player of his choice for one minute. As his brother watched Jack lay his wife down and proceeded to lick and suck her pussy for the prescribed one minute.

The next hand his wife lost and after looking at the card she chose to pass on the dare. She slipped the card back into the deck before they could see what it said. They chided his wife for not honoring the game rules.

Mona just said "no reason to deal", as she pulled the next two cards from the dare stack; one card said she had to give oral sex to the player to her right, which was John and the second card said she had to engage in intercourse with the winner of the last hand, which was Jack.

Mona and Jack looked at each other and Jack reminded her that she had agreed to honor the dare. "OK", she said as she tried to stand up, "let's go to the bedroom" and promptly sat back down. John and Jack helped Mona up and they moved to the stairs.

At the foot of the stairs they saw that three of them couldn't climb together so Jack moved to the front to pull her arms and John pushed her from behind. John had his arm around her waist as she leaned back against him and he used his other arm to pull up the banister. Jack helped by pulled one of her arms and tried to get her to walk as best as she could.

Jack could see his brother was enjoying helping very much. When they reached the top of the stairs John held her up as he opened the bedroom door and got the bed ready. The hall was lighted by a night light only. 

As he pulled the bed-sheets back he turned and could see his wife and brother outlined by the faint hall light. 

Their height difference was such that as she leaned back, his brother's erection was directly between her legs. They entered the bedroom and Mona turned and put her arms around John's neck. He picked her up as she wrapped her legs around his waist. 

This placed her pussy on top of his erect dick. Jack could see he had lifted her high enough for his dick to enter her pussy. It would only take some pressure and a little wiggling by Mona to complete the connection. Jack said, "I thought the dare was for the winner to have sex with my wife". John and Mona both laughed. 

John said, "Yes that is the plan", and he bent forward placing her on the bed. Jack got on the bed and kissed his wife whispering, "Are you sure you want to go through with this?" Mona's smile gave him the answer as she pushed his head down to her breasts. 

Jack sucked each one and licked his way down to her pussy smelling the sweet aroma of a woman in lust. Mona was wetter than he had ever seen. 

Jack's head was clearing real fast as he thought that is this really happening? His sexual desire and lust were like a toxic drink. He kissed, licked, and sucked her pussy as if that were the first time.

Jack slowly worked his way back up to his wife's breasts as his fingers playing across her clitoris as he sucked on each nipple. Jack knew that he was about to fuck his wife with his brother watching. Mona wasn't objecting and from her reactions was just as excited.

Jack moved over his wife positioning his erection for the plunge. He drove into her and briefly held still looking into his wife's eyes. He could see she was stealing glances over his shoulder watching his brother stroking his dick. 

This distracted attention by her added to Jack's building wave of lust. He started to move slowly as possible as and then faster than he wanted.

With the erotic stimulation and his shortened strokes he knew that he couldn't contain himself any longer. Then she stiffened and pulling him to match her urgency. With a cry and a gasp she climaxed as Jack exploded over her lower abdomen.

Jack rolled to the side of the bed and saw his brother was still masturbating. Jack said "I hope you enjoyed the show" He smiled nodding his affirmation. 

Jack got up passing him mumbling that it was his turn to collect on his dare and he was going to get a drink of water and that he would be right back. 

Jack left his sexy wife lying on her back, with her fingers slowly rubbing her clitoris as she smiled up at John. Jack glanced back seeing his brother was still standing next to the bed slowly stroking his dick and watching his wife.

The excitement had given him a dry mouth. He climbed down the stairs to the kitchen. He ran over the event up to this point as he drank a cold glass of water. The cold water cleared his head more. It took just a few minute to get the water. He hurriedly returned and saw his wife was giving his brother the blow job he won as he explored his wife's pussy.

Then with a clearer head he thought, what do he do? Jack had allowed it to go this far, in fact he had encouraged it. Why? Was as it because he wanted to see if he could handle that another man having sex with his wife or to test his own jealousies? 

As he stood there in the door he saw Mona locked eyes with him. Jack mouthed a questioning OK? He saw her eyes light up and a smile form around his brother's dick as she continued her efforts. Jack guessed that he had his answer as to her feelings. 

From the look of satisfaction on his wife's face he saw that she wasn't being forced. And she wasn't doing something she didn't want. So Jack stood there as a voyeur exploring his emotions.

He felt a change come over him of acceptance. He understood that this wasn't a betrayal but an awakening. Sex is fun. Bottom line Jack wasn't competing with another male for a mate. 

This was recreational, fun, and healthy. OK, he had his answer. Now to be sure his wife was in agreement.

It seemed like he was watching a movie playing in slow motion. His brother seeing that he had returned gave him an approving nod. Withdrawing his dick from Mona's mouth, he rolled her over and had her on her knees. 

Mona looked at Jack and this time questioning with a silently mouthed "are you OK?" He smiled and nodded OK as his brother pushed into her. His wife kept eye contact for a while then closed her eyes and matched her movements to his. He thrust in deeply pulling Mona's hips closer with each thrust.

Jack knew that John was bouncing off her G-spot. That little patch of rough skin about 2" inside the roof of the vagina. Jack had spent a lot of time perfecting his technique of stroking this pleasure spot and he could tell by her reactions his brother's dick had found just the right spot.

Mona was now flowing her juices down her legs and adding to the lubrication. He heard that she gave that tight pinched off cry that he knew meant that she had just achieved an exceptional vaginal climax.

John's stroke shortened and his pace quicken. He too gave a shout and final push and returned back his penis that sent his cum exploding over her belly button. He held onto her hips for a couple of minutes letting his erection slowly deflate.

He pulled out savoring the moment. Looking at Jack he said" You are a great brother to share your lovely wife with me". He also thanked Mona, who looked up dreamy eyed, and said "No Thank you". Jack spoke no words only smiling as he moved to replace his brother behind his wife.

Her lovely freshly fucked pussy invitingly still in position calling for him to add more sex. Jack had to resist the bunny rabbit type fuck and slow his efforts. He wanted to give his lovely wife a nice slow fuck and let her enjoy the sensations of this erotic adventure. 

John recovered his erection while watching them. Jack had another mind blowing ejaculation and moved aside. John once again showed Mona his appreciation as he slowly stroked her into another climax. Jack was intrigued seeing his brother fucking his wife.

Jack sat down in a chair next to the bed. Mona then lay on her back with her head turned toward him and smiled as she closed her eyes. 

Jack knew that she was savoring the sexual pleasure of the moment. She wrapped her legs around his hips using her heels to pull him in closer. She aided his efforts by diving her finger into his ass massaging his prostrate. 

She also stroked and pulled on his balls. The tempo increased and once again John was ejaculating into Mona's sweet hole.

Jack almost exploded just watching them move together in a harmonious dance of love making. Mona and John were then kissing with an intensity that spoke of the uncontrolled lust. They stayed locked together moving as one. 

Jack saw first, his wife and then his brothers stiffen signaling that another climax had been reached. Jack knew that by then on his wife had more organisms that she had ever experienced in their love making.

The erotic setting and their trust and comfort with each other made it feel safe to show their feelings as they explored this new side of sexual play. They took a break and cleaned up and enjoyed some nice oral sex and explorations.

When John or Jack had an erection they would begin a new round of love making. They finally reached a point of exhaustion and fell asleep. At this point it must seem like a betrayal to their wedding vows but they were true to themselves and to each other. 

They had discussed the very thing they were then doing and that was just recreational sex shared between consenting adults. There would be no broken commitments, jealousies, or regrets. 

Jack felt they crossed a new threshold in their relationship and survived it. So sharing a sexual adventures with another partner either a male or female didn't end their marriage it only enhanced it.

Having John as their second threesome made it a little encouraging. Jack felt relief in knowing that his brother wasn't sleeping around, used protection, and was tested by the military on a regular basis. 

They had entered into that weekend play knowing that it could lead to a sexual encounter. They were consenting adults with open minds sharing in what happened.

The next morning as the sun light washed across the bedroom Jack lay there reflecting about their adventure and how he felt. Mona's hand moved up Jack's leg to take his stiffening erection and pull it to her mouth and give him one of the best blow jobs ever. 

Crawling up to his ear and whispered "Thank you" and left to take a shower. Jack got up and followed her leaving his brother asleep. Mona was finishing up and toweling dry as Jack entered the bathroom and he asked her if she was OK. "Yes more than OK" she said with a cozy little smile. "I'll go start breakfast" and she returned to the bedroom. Jack took a long hot shower working the stiffness out of his back. He grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his hips and returned to the bedroom to dress.

He saw John lying on his back with his wife giving him a blow job. Jack had a momentary feeling that he had walked in on a private moment but smiling he said "Come on in Bro". He explained he had been asleep and was awakened by his wife sucking on his morning erection. 

He said at first he was a little apprehensive since Jack wasn't there. 

But he heard the shower and knew Jack would be joining them soon. Mona stopped her sucking and asked if anyone was hungry. They all laughed and grabbed her pushing her down to give her another session of sucking and fucking.

Breakfast was good but they needed food so Mona got dressed and started to make breakfast while Jack made the coffee. They all engaged in small talk and talked about last night and this morning discussing it as a normal night of recreational fun. 

After the lunch, they all inclusive Rose were ready for the foursome. Everyone was damn excited. Before they were in action, Jack suggested taking a hot bath to clean and freshen themselves. The idea was readily accepted.

[In the bathroom]

They all four undressed themselves and entered the bathroom. Mona & Rose were looking superhot. Those dancing boobs with erect nipples, shining cunts with traces of cum and juices, sexy white milky bodies gave Jack & John a hard on again.

Being present at that moment, no one could have controlled the flow of adrenaline to rush down to rise a boner. 

Jack turned on the shower valve and the water started falling on their naked bodies. That scene was such pleasing for the eyes to see two beauties bathing naked with them. 

Jack and John started soaping Mona & Rose. While Jack was applying soap on Rose's perfect body, John was busy with Mona. The girls were enjoying thoroughly. Jack was applying soap on her and meanwhile fondling with her boobs and fingering her no-more-virgin-cunt. 

She was enjoying the touch and giving seductive moans.. Aahhh.!!John was enjoying Mona to the max. Mona sat down on her knees and started soaping John's cock giving sexy moans. He was pressing her boobs and mauling those heavenly tasty and milky tits.

The cocks were rock hard and were waiting to invade those sexy cunts. They finished the bath and dried themselves. The bath was over but the game was to begin. Their cocks were still hard. They moved to the bedroom.
