 As a Project Manager for a large construction company, I occasionally accept field assignments to provide on-site management of construction projects for some of our bigger customers. This particular field assignment was for about a  three  month duration in a fairly small rural town. The plus side was that there was a fairly nice hotel in town. 

I arrived in town on a Monday afternoon to prepare for a pre-construction meeting with the contractor the next morning. After checking in I spent a couple hours going through and responding to my e-mail. I noticed that it was just about 6:00 P.M. which means “MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL”. I quickly log off and jump into the shower. I threw on a pair of shorts, a t-shirt and a pair of flip-flops and head down to the bar.

I got there just about 5 minutes before kickoff and grabbed one of the few remaining tables towards the back of the room. For a small town, they sure had a great sports bar at the hotel. There were T.V.’s everywhere so it didn’t matter where you sat, you had a great view of the game. I ordered a beer and settled in to enjoy the game. About midway through the first period, a couple approached my table and asked if I was saving the other seats at my table. I responded that no, I was here alone and invited them to join me. We introduced ourselves and quickly discovered that we had something important in common, all of us where big St. Louis Rams fans. His name was Tom and his wife was Mary. Tom was about my age, 40, and about 6’ tall with a medium build and very tan face and arms. Mary was best described as “drop dead gorgeous”. She was about 5’ 8” tall, with a killer body. Her complexion was perfect and was accentuated by her curly blonde hair. She was wearing a tight fitting white tank top that showed off her hard nipples, and a pair of tight white really short shorts. She too was very tan. I could tell right then that I wasn’t going to be seeing much of the game with her sitting next to me.

I got the waitresses attention and ordered us a round of drinks as we discussed football and tried to watch the game. I asked if they lived locally and Tom said that they were from out of state and staying at this hotel. During half time we turned our attentions to getting to know each other a little better. Tom and Mary were both on their second marriages and had only been married for 3 months. During all of this conversation I was having a great deal of difficulty keeping from staring at Mary. Tom noticed my distraction and seemed amused with it. At halftime, Mary excused herself to go to the restroom. I watched her perfect ass sway as she walked away. I told Tom that I don’t know what his first wife was like, but her sure got it right this time. He agreed and threw in that besides her looks, she was an incredible lover. I thanked him for sharing that information with me since I was between girlfriends at the present time. We both got a laugh out of that. After the game was over and the Rams had posted another victory, Mary suggested that we go back to their room and have a couple of drinks to celebrate. Works for me is said.

Once we got to their room which happened to be just down the hallway from my room, Tom prepared drinks for all of us. Tom sat in a wingback chair in the sitting area of the room and I sat on the couch. Mary excused herself to go change. This statement got my pulse racing, holy shit, you can almost see her nipples through her tank top, and the outline of the lips of her pussy in her shorts, what the hell was she going to put on? I looked over at Tom and was sitting there grinning and just shrugged his shoulders. Well, I wasn’t disappointed, she came out wearing a white short see through teddy top and a white thonger. She was breathtaking. She had gorgeous breasts with her nipples pushing out the fabric of her top. I could tell that they were naturals and not “bolt ons” by the way they set on her chest. She had a flat tummy, great hips and legs to die for. She had no tan lines and it was obvious that she shaved her pussy. She walked over between Tom and I and spun around and ask us what we thought? I was damn near speechless, and all Tom could do was nod his head in acceptance. I was beginning to wonder where all of this was going when Mary came over to me and grabbed my hands and pulled my off of the couch. She lead me over to the bed and had me sit on the edge. She pulled my t-shirt off of me and then knelt down between my legs. I looked over at Tom to see what his reaction to this was, he just smiled and said “enjoy”. How could I not? Mary pushed me back on the bed and unbuttoned my shorts and pulled them off. “Looks like I am having an effect on you” she said laughing. “How could you not”? She began to rub her hands up and down the inside of my thighs and lowed her head down between my legs and ran her tongue up and down the bottom side of my raging hard on. The first touch of her tongue sent a shockwave through my body. I looked down at her and she was looking up at me with a devilish smile on her face. She lowered herself down even further and began licking and sucking on my balls, but she wasn’t done yet, she kept going down further until her tongue was plunging in and out of my asshole. I was in heaven having this hot lady bring me such pleasure. I almost forgot that her husband was sitting just a few feet away. I opened my eyes to see his reaction and saw that he had gotten undressed and was slowly stroking his dick and seemed to be enjoying the sight of his new bride going down on me. I know I sure was. 

Mary now moved back up and slid my raging dick into her mouth and ran her tongue around the head of it as she slid it down her throat. God she was good. I reached down and was able to pull her top off and get my hands on those awesome tits of hers. Meanwhile Tom was picking up the pace of the stroking of his dick. Mary could sense the building of my orgasm and lifter her head up and said “not yet honey, I’m not done with you”. With that she stood up and pulled off her thonger and tossed it to me. I caught it and brought it up to my nose to inhale her scent in their soaked crotch. She climbed up on the bed and straddled my chest with her sweet pussy just inched from my face. I took my hands and grabbed her ass and pulled her on top of me and dove my tongue into that sweet pussy of hers. I was taking my time running my tongue from her clit to her asshole and darting my tongue in and out of both holes. She was really getting hot and was rocking back and forth on my tongue. This only lasted a short time until she pushed herself down on my mouth and began fucking my face. I was in heaven. I felt the sensation  of my dick being stroked and I knew that I wasn’t Mary because she had a death grip on my head. I was momentarily shocked at the thought that Tom had come over to the bed and was now stroking my raging hardon. That only last a few seconds until he took my dick into his mouth. This was the first time a man had ever touched my dick much less  suck it. I figured that if he was sharing this awesome woman with me the least I could do is let him live his fantasy of having his wife face fuck another man while he sucked his dick. I have to admit that he was pretty good, not as good as Mary but he was into his task at hand. Mary was getting close to her orgasm and so was I. Tom took this opportunity to slide a finger up my asshole. That set me over the top and my reaction took Mary to the orgasm that she so wanted. Both of were bucking wildly and our bodies were trembling from the intensity of our orgasms. Mary fell forward and off to the side of me to catch her breath. I looked down at Tom and he was licking the cum off of my dick and looking up at me with a wink. We all got up and grabbed our watered down drinks and took a long sip to help cool off our hot bodies. We all sat on the bed and I broke the silence by saying “ well, you two are sure a surprise”. “Do you do this often”?. Mary responded that the are very much in love with each other but this was a fantasy that they both shared and figured that since they were going to be away from home for awhile, the if the found someone that interested both of them that the would attempt to make it come true. “I must be the luckiest guy on earth that the two of you agreed on me” I went on to tell them that this was a couple of firsts for me, one having the husband watch his wife have her way with me, and having a man suck my dick. I did tell Tom that he was pretty good at what he did. We all got a laugh out of that. Mary said that she wasn’t done yet, that she still wanted my dick inside of her. Tom suggested that he make us all fresh drinks and give me a little time to recover from my last orgasm. We both agreed.

 While Tom was making drinks I asked Mary if Tom was going to be cumming sometime tonight. She smile and said that she was sure he would went the time was right for him. While we worked on our drinks Mary grabbed my semi-soft dick and started working it back to life. Tom, who was sitting on the other side of Mary started fingering her slit, she reached over with her other hand and began stroking his now rigid cock. She moaned and said how great it was to have two such hard dicks at her disposal.  It didn’t take long before we were all ready for the next session. Mary slid up the bed and I took the opportunity to slide up between her legs for another taste of her sweet pussy. Tom moved up to her mouth and she anxiously grabbed his cock and took it deep into her mouth.  I was in heaven, she tasted as good as she looked and had one of the wettest pussies that I had ever encountered. I took a finger and slid it into her sopping pussy then moved it down and inserted it into her tight brown hole. As soon as my finger came into contact I could feel her relax her sphincter and let my finger slide deep inside the ass. She started to wiggle her hips so I took it as a sign to add more fingers. I read her right. I could hear her moans between the slurping of Tom’s cock. Moments later Tom exploded into her mouth which set her off. She was bucking wildly and almost screaming  “yes, yes, yes, lick my clit, fuck my ass with your fingers” with that she gushed her pussy juices all over my face. As her trembling subsided, I moved up to share her nectar with her. This whole time that we were together this was the first time that our lips had met. As our tongues raced inside of each others mouths, I quickly realized that some of Tom’s cum remained inside of her. At first I wanted to pull back, but then I figured that if he could suck me off, I could at least deal with a little of his residual splooge. 
Tom once again made another round of drinks. As to two of them recovered from their orgasms, I took the opportunity to get well acquainted with Mary’s perfect tits. In seconds her nipples were rock hard. I licked and sucked and softly nibbled on both of them until my dick was once again rock hard. Mary said that it was time for me to put that “big thing” in her sopping wet pussy. Tom agreed that this is what they wanted for this evening.  

I move up on the bed and laid on my back. I told Mary that I wanted her on top so I could take in her beauty and sexuality while we fucked. “Works for me” she said. She moved up the bed and swing a leg over me straddling my hard dick. She slowly lowered herself down on it and let out a moan. She began to slide her pussy up and down on my dick and move her hips from side to side and from front to back. She was amazing the control that she had of her pussy muscles. I used one hand to play with her clit and the other to tweak her nipples. Tom, not wanting to be left out, got down between my legs where he could watch his wife impaling herself on my dick. He began licking the base of my cock and down my balls keeping time with Mary’s up and down motions. He then slid fingers up both of our asses. This really got us going. Mary picked up the speed of her pounding on my dick. Tom then pulled out his fingers and replaced the one in Mary’s ass with his cock. Wow, what a sensation it must have been for Mary, having both holes filled with hot cocks. I know it felt awesome to me having the sensation of his dick pumping in and out or her ass with only a thin membrane separating our cocks. This went on for several minutes until Mary said she was ready to cum and wanted us to all cum together.

I wasn’t sure we could pull this off but I know that I was close. Mary’s moans became screams of pleasure, she said that on the count of five that she was going to let go. I knew that it would not be a problem for me. Just as she wished, on the count of five all three of us let got in as an intense of an explosion as I have ever had. It was so intense that I got a cramp in my middle toe from having them curled so tight. We all fell into a pile then rolled off each other with Mary in the middle. When we caught our breath, all we could say was “WOW”. I told them “thank you for sharing your fantasy with me, and that I enjoyed every part of it”. They thanked me for making it all come true for them and exceeding their dreams. 

With that I told them that I was going to have to call it a night because I had to get up and attend a field meeting in the morning.  Tom agreed that he had a meeting to go to also. Mary said that she hated for the night to end but her pussy was sore and needed a little rest itself. 

The next morning I got up early to get a good breakfast in me to attempt to regain my strength from the night before. A smile kept crossing my face while I ate with the memories of last night. I then thought that I did not know if they were going to be in town for awhile or were leaving today. No matter what, I had the memories of last night that would be with me for the rest of my life.

I headed out to the jobsite and got there about 15 minutes before the scheduled meeting. I pulled out the drawing and spread them on the hood of my truck. About 5 minutes later a Chevy Suburban pulled up and parked just in front of me. As the door opened to my shock climbed out non other than Tom. We both just stood there and stared at each other for a couple of seconds before we could speak. “Can you believe this”? I said. Tom just started laughing and said he had to call Mary on his cell phone and tell her the great news that their fantasy was going to last at least three more months. He stopped dialing and said, “that is if you are o.k. with it”. I said that it would be wonderful but we had to agree right here and now that we kept our sexual relationship at the hotel and keep it strictly business on the job. He quickly agreed.

After our meeting and the review of the drawing package I planned on going back to the hotel to write up some notes and take care of my e-mail. Tom said he was going into town to line up some material and equipment and would see me later that afternoon. 

As I opened the door to my room, I was surprised to see Mary laying naked on my bed. I said “how did you get in here”? She told me that after Tom called and gave her the news she went to the front desk and requested an adjoining room and then bribed the bellhop to open the door between the rooms with a flashing of her tits.  I knew this was going to be the best project of my life, but that story is for another time. 


Note: This is the very first story I have ever written, I’m sure it shows. I would appreciate your feedback. The authors of Literotica were my inspiration to tell this story.

Lakedemon