 Chapter One

She stopped at the mirror just inside her front door to check herself before her students arrived. Monica's shoulder length, dirty blonde hair was neat and tidy with no hair out of place as far as she could see. Her thirty seven year old face showed no signs of wrinkles. She could no longer pass for a woman in her twenties, but she still looked much younger than she actually was.

Until a couple of years ago she had run the art department at Lakehaven College, a local educational institution. The people running the college never seemed to care about her department and she had to fight for everything and anything she needed for her staff and students. After years of frustration she had finally decided to resign her position and teach privately out of her own home. From the beginning she had somehow always been able to attract enough interest to allow her to make a decent living. She wouldn't describe herself as being spectacularly rich, but her current career path paid the bills and let her have a comfortable amount of money in her bank account. 

She ran her classes every weekday afternoon and evening, two separate classes per day. Mornings were spent doing the boring, but sadly necessary book work; she loved teaching, but what she was currently doing was also a business and she knew it also had to be treated as such. Sometimes she would run a class on a Saturday or a Sunday, but those were rare; she liked having the weekends for herself.

The class she was going to teach this Wednesday evening was a special one to her. The six students in it had been the first class she had taken on after leaving Lakehaven. All six had enjoyed the class so much that they had collectively asked her if it was possible to have it become a permanent thing. At the time Monica had been unsure if that was something she wanted, but her private teaching endeavor was so new that she didn't feel she could turn down the money.

It was a decision that she was happy she had made. The six of them were now people that she considered to be friends; more than friends actually. So much more that the course of action she was now beginning would have shocked her a couple of years ago. She had fooled around with one or two life models while at Lakehaven, always discreetly, but even then she would never have thought of attempting to seduce an entire class.

With these thoughts in mind Monica waited by the door for her students to arrive. The first was nineteen year old Mark Forest. His father ran a florist shop in town, a business Mark's father expected him to takeover some day. Mark showed every sign that this was something he wanted as well. When the class first started he had only been seventeen and had shown up on the first day with a permission slip from his parents. He told Monica that he knew that some of the planned classes were scheduled to have life models and he was unsure of the exact laws governing life model classes with legal minors present. Monica smiled as she remembered the look of disappointment on his face when she explained that she would only be using life models for advanced classes and not beginning classes involving students such as himself.

When he got to the now open door he said his usual greeting with a quick, "hello" and a smile before casting his glance downward in a shy manner. Despite his shyness Monica had often caught him shooting looks of interest at the three female members of the class with the looks lasting the longest on Ellie. Mark ran a hand through his always rumpled, short, brown hair and adjusted his glasses before taking a seat and preparing for the evening.

As Mark was getting his drawing equipment out of his backpack a second car drove into Monica's driveway. Two people got out and began make their way up toward the house. Lenora Allen, and Dennis Cristos, both twenty years old, had known each other since childhood. They were now roommates and Monica had suspected for some time that they both wanted to be more. Lenora came first, her large breasts bouncing inside her white belly shirt as she bounded up the front steps. She had short blonde hair with blue eyes and always came across as being absolutely adorable; the kind of person you could never be angry at for very long. Dennis walked more casually behind her. He was a short, stocky man with a thick, muscular torso and a complexion that revealed his Greek heritage. He kept his head shaven, a look everyone told him didn't suit him. His bald head, always seeming to be topped with a fedora, combined with the wife beater shirts he always wore made him look like a thug, an image that was the complete opposite of his warn personality. Lenora was a secretary for a local businessman and Dennis was a mechanic.

"Hey!" Lenora cried out. She hugged Monica before running into the house to grab a seat.

As Lenora was racing inside Dennis reached Monica. "How have you been?" he asked as he embraced her in a big hug.

"I'm fine," Monica laughed, "but you can let go of me now."

He laughed as he released her from his hug. With smile and a nod he entered the house and began to get himself ready in the chair right next to Lenora. The chairs and the easels were arranged in a semi-circle around a large black rug in the center of Monica's living room. Lenora and Mark were seated toward the semi-circle's far end with an empty chair between them.

Monica was just about to shut the door again when three cars pulled into her driveway at the same time. After parking the three students waved and smiled at each other before making their way up to Monica's two story house collectively. 

Up front was the twenty-two year old Shawn Jackman, a running back for the football team of Sparhawk University, just an hour long drive away from Lakehaven. His blonde hair, blue eyes and farm boy good looks fit into the stereotypical jock look, but his tweed jacket and bow tie did not. Shawn's football scholarship was allowing him to study physiotherapy. Taking art classes and dressing up to give what he himself described as a "bookworm look" were ways that he used to prove that he was "more than just a dumb jock;" his words exactly as far as Monica could recall. Of the men in the class Shawn was the one that Monica had to admit she was the most attracted to.

Walking behind Shawn and talking were the twenty-eight year old Angel Douglas and the twenty year old Ellie Black. Both women had similar looking shoulder length hair, with Angel's being light brown while Ellie's was the darkest shade of black Monica had ever seen. Angel worked as a hostess in her husband's restaurant where Ellie worked as a waitress. Shawn stepped out of the way to allow the two women to reach Monica first.

Both women said hello to their teacher. While Angel held back to talk to Monica, Ellie's gaze turn to the doorway and through it to the living room where most of the group was getting ready for the night's activities. She focused on Mark, the all too obvious object of her affection. She let out a squeal that Monica assumed was supposed to have been under her breath, but was louder and intended, and charged forward to take the still empty seat beside Mark. Ellie could come across as an empty headed bimbo at times, but she had a quick mind that could surprise you as well. It wasn't a good idea to take her too lightly.

Monica, along with Shawn and Angel, shook her head at Ellie's antics. They all smiled as Mark looked shyly at Ellie for a second before turning his eyes back to his sketchbook, which he'd set on the easel in front of him. Ellie grinned and looked pleased with the short bit of attention Mark had given her.

Shawn stepped forward and gave Monica an envelope. "Here you go," he said with a smile.

"What's this for?" Monica asked as she opened it.

Inside was a white greeting card, its front covered in pink flowers with the word "Anniversary" centered prominently. She opened it to see written inside the words, "Thank you Ms. Yost for all of the enjoyment in your classes over these past two years."

"I knew it had been two years that I've been holding these classes," Monica said, trying to remember the exact date that they started, "but I didn't realize that the anniversary was so close."

Shawn laughed at her reaction and hugged her. "Aren't women supposed to be the ones who remember these things and men the ones who forget?" he asked with a wink, the tone of his voice teasing in nature.

"It's not the exact date," Angel said, her voice filled with laughter.

"No," Shawn replied with a smile, "it was a couple of days ago, but this is the first day I've seen Monica since then."

With a military style salute and a smile he turned and walked away leaving Monica and Angel on the front porch. Monica watched Shawn's backside as he walked toward the semi-circle. Brains and looks combined, it was no wonder she found him so attractive. It was truly shocking that none of the girls at Sparhawk had snatched him up as a boyfriend by now.

Angel spoke at this point and her words brought Monica back to reality. "That boy amazes me at times."

"He amazes me too," Monica said as she turned her head to look at Angel. "Are we agreed?"

"Yes," Angle replied with a smirk. She and her husband had an open relationship. They were both free to have sex with other people as long the other was either informed or present. Monica had felt that she needed an accomplice and had thought that Angel would be willing. It was nice to have confirmation that she was correct in that thought.

"You've been talking with Ellie?" Monica asked.

"A little at a time," Angel answered. "I've had good luck steering the conversations toward swinging and group sex. She doesn't seem to be against the idea, and when I asked her about seeing other women with Mark she giggled, but didn't give a definite answer."

With their agreement in place the two women entered the house. Monica closed the door and drew the blinds, giving the class privacy. She walked over to stand in the middle of the rug around which the semi-circle of easels was set. She looked around at each of her students, assessing her chances of success. Dennis and Lenora, Ellie and Mark; two pairing in the group that could stand in the way of her plans. They were all friends, she wanted to do this, but didn't want to cause harm. Angel was already on board and the unattached Shawn would probably be easy enough. Would Dennis and Lenora like to share each other? Would Ellie enjoy seeing Mark with somebody else? The former was still a big question, but thanks to Angel the latter now had a possibility of having a yes for an answer.

"How is everyone today?" After pausing for the polite answers of, "fine," and "good," Monica continued. "I'm afraid I have some bad news. Our life model has canceled."

Lenora immediately put her hand up. "What are we going to do?"

"You're going to draw me," Monica replied as she began to undo the white buttons of her blue blouse. 

When she had undone the last button she slipped her blouse off revealing the black, frilly bra underneath. This soon went as well leaving her topless, her slightly hanging, but still mostly firm breasts out for everyone to see. Next she reached around behind her to unzip her black skirt. She slid it down her long legs, letting her student discover that she wore no underwear. She had recently shaved around her pussy leaving a wide landing strip, the same colour as the hair on top of her head, above her labia. She gathered up her clothing and slipped off her shoes before tossing all of it to the side of the rug so that it would be out of the way.

Now that she was naked she scanned her students faces to see their reactions. Mark was blushing, his eyes alternating between looking at her and looking at the floor. Ellie's gaze was alternating between Mark and Monica, she licked her lips nervously as her eyes moved. So, it excites you to see Mark looking at his naked teacher does it? Shawn was staring at her wide eyed. Monica noticed that a bit of a bulge was already developing in his jeans. Yes, he was going to be easy. Angel winked at Monica when she looked at her. She was the only other person in the room who knew this was going to happen. Dennis and Lenora were looking at each other intently.

Between seeing their reaction as well as Ellie's reaction, the two paring might not be the big problem Monica feared they would be. She had hoped the titillation of seeing their long time teacher naked might get the ball rolling and it now looked like she had been right.

Monica coughed, hoping the sound would get everyone's attention and back to the main reason they were here. This was still her art class, these were still her students. She intended to remain in control despite the extracurricular activities she had planned.

"I know this is a shock," she said, trying to make her voice as commanding as possible, "but let's make the best of it. You're all advanced enough at this point that I don't need to stand over your shoulders correcting your mistakes."

With those words out of the way, she got down onto her knees and maneuvered herself into the pose she wanted her students to draw her in. Her knees were slightly parted, the full view of her front pointed at Mark's chair with her back slightly arched. One of her hands was placed behind her head while the other sat, palm flat, against her stomach. Tilting her head slightly upward finished the pose.

She remained in this pose until the first scheduled break. When she could move again she saw that Mark was a little flustered and was having a hard time looking at her in the face. Ellie stood close to him while the usual between drawing conversation took place. She was almost touching him as she stood there, staring at him with an intense look on her face. Monica noticed that her hand would occasionally venture upward, nearly touching him only to be pulled back instead.

"Are you OK Mark?" Monica asked. She intended to seduce him, not to see him run away.

"It's just that I wasn't expecting to, well," he said nervously, shifting back and forth from one foot to the other, "see you like this."

"How is it different from the other life models?"

"It's not in a certain sense, but in another it is. You're my teacher; seeing you like this, well, it seems just so taboo."

"Try not to think of it that way. There's nothing wrong with what's happening here tonight."

He nodded, a faint smile reassuring Monica that he was alright. "I'll try to see it in that light. I don't mean to offend you and I had fun tonight. It's just that this was a surprise for me."

She placed her hand on his shoulder and laughed. "You haven't offended me at all. I'm glad you enjoyed yourself."

Satisfied that she hadn't lost Mark from the class she began to walk around the semi-circle so that she could inspect her students' work. She gave suggestions and critiques to each drawing before returning to the rug to continue her evening of posing.

As the evening came to a close and everybody was packing up Angel spoke up. "This was fun and I'd like to do it again. Would the rest of you like that as well?"

"We really shouldn't use the same model over and over again though," Mark responded. "I'd personally like to draw a variety of people and body shapes."

"I didn't mean that Monica should pose again next week," Angel said, shaking her head. "I meant that we should all take turns posing. I'll volunteer for next week if that's alright with everyone."

Monica looked around at the rest of the class knowing that this was a key point in her plan, if the others didn't go for this it would throw a huge wrench into the works. Mark looked nervous at the idea. He fidgeted around as his face broke out into a huge blush. Ellie stared intently at Mark, her mouth slightly open. The little minx really wanted to see what was under his pants didn't she? Shawn's eyes moved between Monica and Angel, his head cocked slightly to the side as his mouth formed into a frown. Shawn was one of the smartest people here. Did he suspect what was actually happening? This could be a problem. Dennis and Lenora were looking at each other as intently as Ellie was staring at Mark. They both burst out laughing at the same time. Monica knew that they wanted to be more than just friends, but thought, until that moment, that they hadn't made any moves toward that goal yet. That laugh and the other looks they had given each other tonight now led her to believe that they in fact had. 

"We're in," Dennis and Lenora said together.

"Same here," Shawn said. He still had a frown, but now his eyebrows were creased, giving his face a look of puzzlement.

"Agreed," Ellie said, her eyes never leaving Mark.

Mark looked at Ellie, realization appeared in his expression as he saw the look Ellie was giving him. "OK," he said. There was still some hesitation in his voice, but his eyes never left Ellie face as he said it.

"That seems to be everyone," Angel said, clapping her hands happily. "What do you say Monica? Are you in too?"

"It's a little bit unusual," Monica replied, trying to sound as reluctant as she could.

"Yes," Angel responded, "but it will be fun."

"Well, I guess if you all want to then it's alright."

Monica's student's began to make their way out of the house after that. Monica got dressed again so that she could see them out properly. She asked Mark to stay behind so that she could talk to him. Once everyone was gone she turned to him and asked, "Are you alright with this? You're the only one who seemed uncertain of this new direction."

Mark paused for a moment before sighing and speaking. "It's just that I find it a little unexpected. I don't think I have a real problem with it. It's just that it, well, makes me nervous, the idea of being naked in front of Ellie." A deep blush developed as he finished this last sentence.

"You like her do you?"

"Yeah, I'm not dumb, I've seen the way she looks at me. It's just that, well, I'm not that experienced and I'm not sure how to handle this. I don't want her to run away from me screaming."

"Just be yourself," Monica laughed, " and I think I can guarantee that she won't run away from you."

"I guess I'm just not as sure of that as you are."

"Trust me, you're more likely to have a problem keeping her away from you once you get her."

Mark blushed once again. "Thank you, and about all of us posing, well, give me a week to let it sink in. I'll probably be fine by next week." A boyish grin appeared on his before he finished speaking. "I can't see myself having a problem seeing Angel naked."

It was just as he finished saying this that the front door opened and Angel walked in. "I'm sorry to interrupt, but I forgot my backpack," she said as she strode to the chair she had been sitting in.

The strongest blush Monica had yet seen broke out on Mark's face when he saw Angel. "Oh jeez, look at the time, I've got to go. I'll see you two ladies next week," he said as he beat a hasty retreat through the door.

Monica and Angel watched as he ran down the front steppes toward his car. Angel shut the door and looked at Monica. "I thought we were going to seduce and share him tonight? That was the plan wasn't it?"

Monica shrugged before replying. "I decided to wait a week. We have to be a little flexible if we want this to work and he seemed to be more nervous than I thought he would be." 

"Is it really a good idea to move the plan around like this?"

"Think of what we're doing as a chess game. It changes with every move that is made," Monica began to explain. "We would be the king and queen while Mark and Ellie would be pawns. Shawn I'd describe as being a more complicated piece, maybe a knight or a bishop; no wait, definitely a knight. We're going to have to adjust our strategy every time we make a move."
