 Chapter Three

Another Wednesday had come; another night in which Monica taught her favourite, and longest lasting class. There were no life models posing this week, instead Monica had set up a small table in the middle of her living room's black, shag rug. On top was an apple in front of an empty picture frame with a spoon beside the other two pieces. Still life drawing wasn't a favourite of the class, hence the life models being used most weeks. Her students all admitted that they still did enjoy this style of art as well and Monica set aside a week every now and then for it.

All six of Monica's students were present. Monica observed them as she walked around making comments about their drawings. Mark sat next to Ellie, the two of them exchanging the occasional glace like the new lovebirds that they were. Next in the semi-circle of easels surrounding the rug came Shawn. He was doing his best to hide a bulge in his jeans that was caused by the student next to him - Angel. Every now and then she would stop her drawing and quickly look around at the other students before reaching out to rub it. After Angel came Lenora and Dennis, who, like Ellie and Mark, occasionally exchanged a loving glance.

Monica's plan to seduce her class had started nicely, but as she watched Lenora and Dennis the wheels in her head were moving. The anger, what she assumed was jealousy, that Dennis had shown the previous week was, at the moment, the biggest obstacle in her way. Lenora had shown herself to be willing and Dennis' clear love for her was a lever that Monica hoped to use to bring him around.

The evening passed without incident. As everyone was packing up to leave Monica coughed to get their attention. "Who's going to model for next week's class?"

A number of excited looks passed between the students, but no volunteers stepped forward. Monica was surprised to see Dennis look just as excited as everyone else. She had talked to Lenora when the two of them had done lunch together the previous Monday. Lenora had told her that Dennis was being tight lipped about his feelings regarding the angry looks from the previous week, but had told her that he was willing to go along with the overall seduction because it was something she wanted. Monica wasn't altogether happy that Lenora had informed Dennis about her plans, but wasn't shocked that she had. However, Monica wanted Dennis to do it for himself and the fact that he wasn't was a worry. Now that she was thinking of it, she realized that his look of excitement seemed somewhat forced.

As the wheels in Monica's head continued to turn she spoke up with a suggestion. "Why don't we just draw a name out of a hat?"

"Since we've had Monica and Angel pose so far," Ellie spoke up with a giggle, "we should probably only have the boys names in the hat just to be fair."

Everyone seemed to be fine with the idea. Dennis offered his fedora for the draw with a smile that seemed as forced as any that Monica had seen on his face this evening. Small, folded slips of paper were prepared and dropped into the fedora. Monica then reached in with her hand and mixed them up for a few seconds before drawing one out. She then handed it to Angel to make the announcement.

"It's Shawn," Angel said with a grin as she waved the paper in the air.

Shawn smiled in response. "That's fine with me."

There was a mass movement toward the door after this was decided. As this was happening Angel turned to Dennis and Lenora and asked, "Would the two of you like to have dinner with Len and myself this Saturday?"

"We don't have any plans," Dennis answered.

"So we'd love to," Lenora finished.

Monica spoke up at that point. "Since we're talking about upcoming plans, would you stay behind Shawn? I might as well go through the routine with you since this is the first time you'll be posing."

"Sure Monica," Shawn replied.

As everyone else was saying their good-byes, Shawn followed Monica into the downstairs guest bedroom. She pointed out where he could hang his clothes after he undressed and where the thick, white robes she bought for the life models were hanging. Shawn took all of this in, nodding his understanding as he listened.

"Do you have any questions?" Monica asked.

"No," he answered, "everything seems to be straight forward."

"Good," Monica said as she stepped forward.

Monica's forward motion brought her right up to Shawn. She reached out and began to unbutton his shirt. As she did this she placed her face against the side of his neck and began to kiss it.

"Oh God Monica," Shawn groaned, "I was hoping for this."

"You owe me."

"I do?"

"You gave Angel multiple orgasms last week and only gave me one. That's an imbalance that I insist you rectify."

"Well," Shawn chuckled as he began to unbutton Monica's blouse, "when you put it that way."

There wasn't much said between them after that as they slowly undressed each other. Monica enjoyed the sensation of her clothes moving across her skin as they slowly fell away. When they were both naked Shawn scooped Monica up into his arms and carried her to the bed. 

He stopped walking midway between the door and the bed. "Is Angel going to be joining us later?"

"No," Monica replied, "I wanted you one on one tonight. I asked her for this and she told me that she was OK with it."

"Good," he said, smiling as he continued on his path to the bed.

He lowered her, placing her in the center of the king size bed and crawled onto the bed beside her. He kissed the flesh of her neck just below her chin and then began a slow path down her body, at the same time using his hands to caress her hips and thighs. When he reached the space between her breasts he made a detour, kissing and sucking each nipple. He continued this activity for a minute of two before returning to the space between her breasts and resuming his downward path. He paid particular attention to her navel. Monica gasped when he dipped his tongue into it.

As Monica gasped at this new feeling one of Shawn's hands slid from her hip to her pussy. He placed his index finger between her labia, along their length, and began to slowly rub up and down her slit. He contacted her clit with every upward motion. Monica spread her legs wide in response. This exquisite torture continued until she was crying out in pleasure.

Next Shawn slowly inserted his index finger into Monica's pussy. While he did this he lowered his head and began to lick her clit. Her body writhed and her hips bucked as he brought her closer to the edge. He inserted two more fingers and increased his tempo. That did it for Monica as she screamed, her whole body shaking as her orgasm hit. In the aftermath she lay there, breathing heavily with a big smile on her face. He lay alongside her, running his hands up and down her body as he waited for her to recover.

Her recovery came minutes later as she suddenly rose and pushed Shawn onto his back. He laughed at her sudden aggressiveness. This laughter soon changed into moaning as she sucked his cock into her mouth. Monica's eyes met Shawn's and locked onto them as she bobbed her head up and down. After a few moments she released his cock and began to lick up and down his length, stopping at the top to slowly flick the underside of his helmet. After her forth trip up and down she took him back into her mouth, beginning a swirling motion with her tongue as she moved that soon had him close to his release. Their eyes remained locked as he came.

Monica released him from her mouth and rose up his body. She positioned herself sitting straight up with her legs straddling his head. She felt his arms as they reached for her hips and maneuvered her until she was placed where he was comfortable. A gasp escaped her hips as his tongue contacted her clit. He alternated between licking her clit and spearing her pussy until she exploded again, her orgasm one of the biggest she had ever had.

So much energy was taken out of her that she collapsed forward into a limp pile on the bed. Shawn slipped out from under her and positioned himself behind her. Monica looked back over her shoulder to see him smiling at her. The area around his mouth was covered in her juices, so much so that it dripped from his chin down onto his chest. She quickly looked underneath her body to see a large wet spot on the covers between her legs. Her mouth dropped open as she looked over her shoulder again. "I'm sorry, that's never happened to me before."

He responded with a full laugh that shook his body. "Drowning while having sex? That would have been an interesting way to do. It might have even made the tabloids."

She felt herself turning bright red and lowered her face into the covers in embarrassment. "I am so sorry." She also had to admit to herself that she had never in her life been as excited by anyone as she was tonight by Shawn.

His hands massaging her back. "No need to be sorry," he said reassuringly, "it's a sure sign that you enjoyed yourself, and I mean really enjoyed yourself. The fact that I could do that to you is a bragging point for me"

She looked back up to see him positioning himself at her entrance. As he rubbed his tip along her labia and clit she felt the heat in that area of her body begin to rise again. She moaned as she moved her hips backward trying to get him inside her.

With a chuckle Shawn inched himself forward until his tip was nestled into the opening of her pussy. "The fact that you're allowing me to do this makes the near drowning worth it."

She felt his cock slowly slide into her pussy. She was surprised at how quickly she had recovered, but was glad she had. The heat between her legs began to radiated throughout her body as Shawn began to pump his cock in and out of her. She reached under her body to run her clit and moaned as electric shocks, created by the movement of her hand, were added to the radiating heat.

Shawn increased and decreased the rhythm of his thrusts. This continual change in pace gave Monica incredible pleasure as she grew closer and closer to her end goal. She finally reached it as wave after wave of bliss swept over her. As she was dealing with these sensations Shawn screamed her name as he pulled out and came over her back.

In a state of bliss, they lay on the bed side by side breathing heavily. Monica stared into Shawn's eyes, feelings she had never experienced flowing through her. She felt safe in this room with him; safer than she had ever felt anywhere or with anyone else. They both began to laugh, continuing until they lost control of this laughter, rolling around on the bed until Monica's sides hurt. Eventually they were able to get control of themselves and look at each other calmly.

"Wow," Monica said, "you learn fast."

"I've had a good teacher."

"I wasn't teaching you anything this time. I was just going with the flow."

"Did you succeed?"

Monica laughed before answering. "Judging by the wet spot in the middle of the bed, flow I definitely did."

"That was something wasn't it?"

"Yes," Monica said as she sat up, "and speaking of that, I have to wash these covers before the stains set in."

Shawn roused himself as well and began to put his clothes back on. "I need to work in the morning anyway. Sorry to run away so soon, but I have to go."

Monica smiled at him as she gathered the covers. "We both know what this is, and we both know it isn't the beginning of a romance." As soon as she said these words a nagging feeling came over her. Were the words actually true?

"I know, but it still doesn't seem right." There seemed to be some hesitation in Shawn's voice as he replied. Could he be feeling the same way. Monica dismissed this thought. Romance wasn't something she was looking for. She didn't want it; did she?

While still holding the covers in her arms Monica walked over to Shawn and kissed him on the cheek. "That's sweet, but don't worry; go home and get your rest."

In return Shawn kissed Monica's forehead. The kiss lingered in a way that made her stomach flutter like it was filled with butterflies. Why at age thirty-seven was she all of a sudden letting a twenty-two year old young man give her these kinds of reactions?

"I'll see you next week," he said as he walked out of the room.

"See you," she said. After watching him leave she carried the covers down to the basement with a smile that she just couldn't stop. She threw them into the washing machine and began berating herself. There was a fifteen year age difference between them. She was technically old enough to be his mother. When she was fifteen, with her social life at the time, it wouldn't have been likely that she would have become pregnant. That was beside the point though, it was still physically a possibility.

As she made her way upstairs she wondered how the dinner at Angel's would go. If everything went smoothly the way Angel had planned, Dennis would hopefully no longer be a problem. She hoped the plan would succeed.

Chapter Four

When Saturday came about Angel was hoping the same thing. She moved around the dining room, making sure all of the plates were in proper order. "Len," she called out, "how's the food coming?"

"About as well as you'll be later tonight." Angel turned to see the owner of the voice. Len, her husband of five years, was putting a platter, upon which sat a delicious looking cut of roast beef, in the center of the table. He smiled at her, a smile that even after five year could still make her weak in the knees. She walked over to him and ran her hand through his short, black hair and stared into his green eyes. His hair was full, with no evidence of male pattern baldness, the slight greying at his temples was the only evidence that he wasn't in his twenties anymore. As they kissed his mustache tickled her in a way that she always found pleasant.

Len broke the kiss with a sigh. "We have to stop. I have to get the rest of dinner ready."

"Alright," Angel replied reluctantly. Her body was desiring a quickie with her husband, but her brain knew they simply didn't have the time. "I do want you to promise to make sure the statement you just made about me cumming isn't just an empty threat."

"I would never say such a thing and then not follow though," he replied with a grin before resuming his work.

As Len busied himself with getting the rest of the dinner on the table Angel walked out to the entry hall to check herself in the mirror. She straightened out her black skirt and adjusted her white blouse. 

"You look beautiful," Len said. He gave her a brief peck on the cheek as he walked passed her and up the stairs to change.

"Thank you," Angel said smiling. Len complimented her often, but it was always something she enjoyed hearing from him.

While Len was still upstairs changing the doorbell rang. Angel walked to the door and opened it. Lenora hugged her before moving aside so that Dennis could also give her a hug. Len was just coming back down the stairs as Angel led Dennis and Lenora inside. 

She looked at her husband with pride and love. Len looked amazing; his black dress pants and white shirt made him look incredibly masculine. He had a black necktie on; he almost never wore neckties, a sure sign that he understood how important this evening was to Angel. Her pussy grew wet at the thought that her man was standing behind her. She fought to control her desire to rip his clothes off and have him right there.

From her husband her gaze moved to their guests. Lenora was wearing a form fitting green dress that had a low neckline. Her plentiful cleavage was being shown off very nicely. Dennis was wearing clothes similar to Len's. Dennis' pants being dark brown being the only major difference between the two outfits.

A lust filled look passed between Angel's husband and Dennis' girlfriend. Dennis' eyes darted between the two of them, a look of anger flashed in his eyes. He then looked away to meet Angel's gaze. As soon as their eyes locked his face dropped to the floor and turned a crimson colour. Dennis was, at his heart, a warm and wonderful man, it didn't surprise Angel to realize that he knew these reactions he was having weren't a good thing. Good, that meant he would be willing to work with her and Monica to overcome them; it was a start at least.

"Dinner is ready," Len said, directing everyone to the dinning room with his arm. 

The meal tasted good. It wasn't surprising, Len was a very good cook and always had been. The kitchen was his territory, something he had very strongly made clear in the first few months that they had lived together. Angle winced internally at the thought of the failed attempts to emulate her husband's skills in the kitchen that she had made during that time. These attempts had only made Len's argument that the kitchen should be his that much stronger. In the end she didn't put up much of a fight.

The conversation around the table ranged over a number of topics. There was never a point where uncomfortable silence was allowed to take hold and Angel was pleased to see that Dennis seemed to have fun. Angel herself enjoyed dinner and those around her immensely. 

Soon the meal was over. Everyone helped clear the table and get the leftovers into the fridge. After that was done the four of them retired to the living room to watch a movie. The TV in the living room was set into one of the corners. Two matching couches, both grey, puffy and comfortable looking sat in the middle of one of the two walls that made up the corner. A large picture window was set in the wall behind one of the two couches. The curtains were currently drawn over it to ensure privacy.

Angel and Len had selected a romantic movie for the evening. Their choice had a long and hot love scene in it and they hoped this would help set the mood and make the beginning of the playtime more comfortable for their guests. 

When the love scene was at its peak Len wrapped his arm around Angel's shoulder and leaned in for a kiss. Angel moaned as she felt his tongue invade her mouth. Seconds later she was squirming in pleasure as she felt Len's hands roam across her body. She heard another woman's moans from the other side of the room indicated that Lenora and Dennis were engaged in similar acts. Len unbuttoned Angel's blouse and slowly slid it off of her shoulders. As he was taking off her bra she looked over to see what Dennis and Lenora were up to. 

Both of them were still clothed. Dennis's hands roamed freely over Lenora's body. His mouth was also busy, planting kissed all over her neck. Lenora's head shifted and she moaned as Dennis' kisses moved from one side of her neck to the other. 

Angel felt Len's hands on the waistband of her skirt. She shifted her hips to allow him to allow him to lower both the skirt and her panties. Now completely naked, Angel spread he legs. She watched through smokey eyes as Len slid off the couch and moved his face to her pussy. She tilted her head back and sank into the couch as Len's tongue began to work its magic.

She allowed herself to revel in the feelings and heat radiating from her soaked core for a few minutes before raising her head to check on Lenora and Dennis. His pants were in a heap on the floor beside the couch. He was in a seated position with Lenora's head between his legs. Her head was boobing up and down. Lenora's back was to Angel preventing Angel from seeing what techniques Lenora was using on Dennis' cock. The moans coming from him proved that he was enjoying the experience. He looked up and met Angel's gaze and for a moment she thought she saw fear in his eyes. It lasted for such a short period of time that she was unsure she had seen it at all.

Putting the thought out of her head, Angel looked down at Len. When their eyes met, she smiled and mouthed the words, "It's time."

Len smiled back and moved so that Angel could slide off the couch to the floor. She crawled, cat like, over to where Dennis and Lenora were enjoying themselves. When she reached them she put a hand on Lenora's shoulder to let her know she was there. Lenora let Dennis' cock slip out of her mouth and smiled. She nodded toward Dennis' yummy looking man meat and made room for Angel.
