 Val arrived at his house around 10:30 in the morning. She did her usual by pulling into his garage, closing the door and undressing. It was fast for her to undress today because she only wore shorts, flip flops and a thin tee shirt. Anticipating everything she was to experience that day and their limited time frame, she made sure she wore nothing under the shorts and shirt to slow her down, plus it made her feel sexy and sensual to be driving around town wearing so little clothing. 

She laid her shirt; shorts and glasses on the drivers sat of her SUV, closed the car door and removed the blindfold he always hung on the house door knob for her to use. It was black this time, which meant she would not be able to see anything through it. She wore her hair down and was careful when she tied the blindfold around her head so as not to get any hair tangled up in it. Then she knocked on the door.

In the darkness she heard him open the door and step towards her. He placed his hands on her neck and shoulders softly caressing them. Then, not at all in the normal course of events, he passionately kissed her on the lips. It took her by surprise, but was not unwelcome so she opened her mouth to receive his tongue and kissed him back deeply. 

Nearly two minutes later, but still much too soon for her thinking, they parted and the kiss and the caressing stopped. He took Val's hands and led her into the house. He immediately turned her to the left and they headed for the bedroom. He sat her down on the bed and then softly pushed her back. She knew from that slight push that he wanted her to lay all the way back and move up a little on the bed. After so many years it was becoming second nature to know where he wanted her to position herself with just the slightest touch.

He then lay down on the bed next to her and started to caress her entire body starting with her face then slowly moving down to her neck. He paused when he got to her breasts and at first avoiding the sensitive nipples, knowing the longer he did, the harder they would get.

Finall, as she began grinding and squirming under his touch, he slowly allowed just one finger to caress her breast and briefly play with the left nipple, the one closest to him. The sensation was nearly electric and caused an audible moan to escape her lips. At her gasp, he took her full breasts with both hands, and then while gently playing with the right nipple, he bent his head down and gently took the left nipple between his teeth, softly sucking it. He slowly brought his free hand down to her pussy, which was already more than damp. He played with her pussy lips for a while, lightly flicking her clit hood that really got her juices flowing. Then he turned his body anound sothat now he was on the bed next to her, but with his head towards her feet. Without words he wanted her to suck on his dick. It was not a hard thing to foresee, as he'd placed it in front of her mouth so she could feel it lying against her cheek. She immediately started to lick on the tip of his dick and held her left hand on his balls and her right hand around the base of his dick. 

With gentle pressure on her backside, he instructed her to move her body closer to his and roll onto one side, facing him. He slightly raised her knee and again gently rubbed the outside of her pussy until the juices started to flow down her leg. 

Val concentrated hard on sucking his dick, wanting him to cum for her, but being distracted by the intense pleasure she was feeling herself. She licked his dick up, down and around in circles. Then she took the tip of it into her mouth. He moaned softly when she used her teeth and slowly scrapped the tip of his cock bringing more sensation to the tip. She felt his dick jump in her mouth with excitement each time she did that. Then she sucked harder on his dick and fucked his dick with her mouth, going up and down deeper and deeper into her throat. She also let some saliva drool down his dick and sucked it right up again. 

Meanwhile, he was more vigorously playing with her pussy, finger fucking her and playing with her clit. Her pussy juices were really starting to pour now. 

With both of them trying so hard to please the other, yet being distracted by their own feelings of joy, neither could reach a full climax in that position. So he stopped her and told her to move up on top of him in the 69 position. She did as was asked, and then took his dick into her mouth and went down on it hard. Her mouth was able to accept all of him up to his balls. She felt the tip of his cock in the back of her throat. As he was under her gently licking at her clit hood, she started to massage his balls while she sucked him. 

She stretched her hand out and started rubbing her middle finger on his asshole, gently massaging and slowly opening it as he'd done to her so many times before. She could feel him getting larger as she did that and knew he did not mind the intrusion. While she continued to suck on his dick and finger his ass, he was sucking on her clit and began finger fucking her at the same time. 

It was all too much, she came for the first time when he said "ok, cum for me NOW!" Her juice came flowing out of her pussy, first little bits at a time, then more as he sucked her clit harder. 

With his fingers were thrusting into her pussy, he started to lift his hips and started to fuck her face. She came again even heavier. At first she came in his mouth and she could feel his tongue going to work deep inside her pussy. She began grinding her pussy down on his face, so he could reach his tongue deep into her. It seemed like for several minutes at least, every time he licked or touched her clit with his finger she would cum nonstop.

She was still valiantly sucking on his dick, trying to make him shoot his hot cum down her throat. He then instructed her to suck on his balls, and to wet her finger first then finger his ass this time. This was a first for her to actually insert the tip of her finger into someone else's ass. She'd always loved it when he'd done that to her, and now it no longer felt like something dirty, it excited her to no end. 

She did as he asked, using her spit for lube and slowly slipping her middle finger a little deeper at a time into his ass as he pushed up off the bed grinding his cock into her mouth. She continued sucking him and rubbing his balls until she felt them quiver, then his cock thickened and he began to groan as he finally he shot his cum deep into her throat. As he did this he held her head down on him hard. She'd been sucking him for nearly 20 minutes now and this was possibly his largest load of cum ever. Not wanting to waste a drop she kept him in her mouth and sucked hard, then licked him dry. She kept his dick in her mouth, not sucking, just feeling it's warmth, knowing he would appreciate the gesture until he otherwise instructed her to release it. 

His cock was starting to go down, but he was not nearly finished with her pussy yet. Her lover usually only cums once, maybe twice in these quickie, lunch sessions, but he always made sure she came more times than she could keep track of. She knew in her heart that after years of their time together, he genuinely got more enjoyment out of making her cum, than he did having an orgasm himself. 

She had read somewhere that this was a trait of the best Doms, and she secretly hoped that some day soon he would take their relationship to the next level and teach her to be a proper submissive, and not just his lover/mistress.

He was now using three and four fingers in her pussy while uncontrollably licking and sucking her clit. His tongue was literally flying across her clit. She came really hard again, and then he stopped licking and sucking her clit. Instead he decided to use his fingertip to tap her already hard and erect clit, which now felt, and probably looked like a tiny penis. Each time he tapped her clit with his fingers she would release gush of cum out of her pussy and onto his chest. It was like he was timing things. Tap, tap tap, she would cum again. He would wait five or six breaths and then tap, tap tap, and she would cum again. 

She could hear him encouraging her, talking to her pussy saying, "keep it cumming girl, keep it cumming". 

Realizing her body is completely and utterly under his control, she looses herself in the spirit, let's out a load moan and her pussy explodes. She then ejaculated. He was sure it was not urine, but lady cum begins pouring, just pouring out of her again. She's like a faucet that can't turn itself off. The release and pleasure is so intense that her elbows and knees could no longer hold her up and she collapses on him. She rolled off of him to one side, realizing she is in a huge puddle of her own cum. 

As she catches her breath, he rolls the opposite direction, over and through the three foot puddle of her juice on his sheets and grabs a bottle of water off his nightstand. He let her know thta she gave him an amazing blowjob, but realizes he's even more proud that he was able to make her body respond so wonderfully to his ministrations. 

After five minutes or so of rest he nudges her into his favorite position, which was her lying on her back so he can fuck her. They had so little time to play during the day, so things had to move fast. He lifts her legs and slaps his semi hard dick against her still drenched pussy and clit hood. Sooner than he expects his cock is rigid again. He is able to start sliding into her deeper and deeper. He wants to go slow, make the feelings last, keep the warmth fresh against his cock, but the primal urge to thrust is too hard to restrain. He starts pounding her harder and harder, no longer making love to her, but fucking her pussy as hard and deep as he can. Even though Val is still not completely recovered from her marathon squirting session, her body responds. She begins to cum again and again, her pussy and stomach muscles clenching and spasming around him, involuntarily pushing his still hard dick out of her as she orgasms. He has not cum again yet, but he knows her body well enough to know what she needs and how best to make her reach it. 

As he watches her stomach contract and her pussy still quivering, he stays knelt down between her legs and lightly slaps her cunt lips with his still hard dick. She instantly spasms and cums again. Two, three, five more times he does this, until she quietly moans for him to stop because she is tired. He backs away and gives her a few moments to recover, but he knows he has another load in him and knows where she wants it to go again. 

He Leaves her on her back and moves himself around to to kneel by her head. She immediately knew what was expected of her and started to suck him again. He pulls out of her mouth and begins to stroke his own cock while rubbing the tip against her closed lips. After just a minute he again tells her to suck on my balls gently.

Almost immediately upon feeling her take a nut into her mouth he knows he's ready to cum, so he pulls away gently, tells her open her mouth and slips his quivering cock into her mouth and tells her to hold it there and run your tongue around it and letting her kow that he just wanted to feel her tongue on him. 

After their steamy instant message chats the day before, he knew that she wanted to swallow all of the cum he could give her today. She had respectfully asked that no cum be released in her ass or her pussy this time, just her mouth, and in fact, she didn't really feel up to anal play at all right now. He was happy to oblige. He wanted more than anything to make her happy. His semen began to flow for the second time this afternoon. She was happily holding it in her mouth when she heard someone else come into the room. She was not unduly alarmed, of course she knew who it was. This had to be the mystery man who had joined them several times in the past.

The mystery man sat on the bed and she could feel her lover moving his arms, probably motioning the stranger what he wanted him and Val to do. She liked how her lover always directed things whenever the three of them were together. Both men reached down and sat Val upright so the mystery man could lie down and have his dick sucked off too. She hoped he had gotten the message that today was to be blow jobs only. 

She laid her upper body across his waist so that his legs were under her arms. She had to search for his dick because it was not hard yet at all. She found his dick with her face, and not using her hands at all she brought her lips to the tip and sucked it up into her mouth. Once inside her mouth she started to suck it gently. She felt him growing inside her mouth until he became as hard as she remembered he would get. While she was sucking on the mystery mans dick, her lover lay behind her lightly fucking her pussy with his fingers. The mystery man reached down and began caressing her nipples with his cold hands. 

The Mystery mans dick was really hard now so she used one hand to rub the root of it, and the other to rub his balls. She did not know if he was into anal play so she dare not even try to look for his butt hole. She had quickly learned that the butt hole on men is a great turn on to both them and herself, but as she did not feel like getting her own ass plowed today, she figured she had better play it safe and leave his alone too. 

As she sucked the Mystery mans dick, she realized there were now three hands holding her head down on his dick. She was trying hard to take it alll and he could fuck her face. She felt a little more than the tip of his cock going down her throat. Her lover boldly told the Mystery man not to hold back and to fuck her mouth like it is her ass or pussy. Val's only job was to make the Mystery man cum in her mouth and she wanted to swallow all of it. 

This position while fun, was somewhat tiring and was not working at getting him off, so they repositioned her with the Mystery man standing against the bed with Val on her back, with her head hanging over the edge of the bed. The Mystery man then stuck his hard dick into her mouth and began fucking her mouth really hard. Val moved her arms around so that one hand was on his ass and the other was on his balls from behind, her hand on his ass pulling him towards her mouth more and more. She then felt like she was going to gag but, wanted to fight that feeling and pushed him into her more. She felt his cock sliding down her throat as she was sucking him hard as he fucked her mouth. 

Meanwhile, she felt her lover move between her legs, lifting her legs up, putting her ankles on his shoulders and sliding his dick into her pussy. She was impressed that he was up for the third time today. He told her plainly, that she was to make the mystery man cum hard, in her mouth, and soon, because if she did not then he was going to let him fuck her pussy and hopefully he could keep from cumming in her pussy before he pulled out. She knew that there is no way she could let the mystery man cum in her pussy, so she worked even harder on getting him to cum in her mouth. If he were to cum in her pussy this fairytale romance she had been enjoying all these years with her lover would end tragically.

The problem is, while she was getting her mouth fucked she was also getting her pussy fucked by her lover and it felt so good it was distracting her from the task he had to complete with her mouth. 

Before she could stop herself, she began to shake and spasm. Suddenly she is cumming all over her lover again. He's not stopping either, as hard as her muscles are pushing and contracting, trying to push the wonderful intruder out of her, he is fucking just as insistently, never giving an inch. She started to squirt uncontrolably. 

Both men made the comment that she was a human water fountain without a care in the world except that this incredible rush kept coming. Her lover finally relents and stops fucking her. She hears him breathing hard, but has no idea if he has cum again or not. She was so wrapped up in her own pleasure she is almost oblivious to everything else. 

In her throes of passion, she has completely forgotten she is supposed to be sucking off the cock, which was just a second ago in her mouth. She wondered where the cock she was sucking on went.

She distinctly hears the mystery man say that it was too hard for him to cum without fucking first and ass or a pussy first. She hears her lover tell him, that well, we can't have that, and he gave him permission to fuck her pussy, but not her ass as he usually does. He reminded him that he has to pull out the absolute second that he thinks he is about to cum. 

This was a little scary to Val at first, but she is comforted a lot by the tone of her lover's voice taking charge, knowing he would not let the Mystery man or any, harm her. Both men now switch positions. The Mystery man kneeling on the bed between her legs and her lover standing by her head, now pulled back completely on the mattress. She was still a little worried because no man other than her husband and occasionally her lover were allowed to fuck her pussy before. 

This is all new and exciting for Val. She feels him pull her legs back and realizes her lover is now holding them back over his shoulders so the mystery man can fuck her. With little preamble his hard dick goes deep into her and fucked her hard. This is no gentle love making, this guys just wants to get his rocks off! 

Meanwhile her lover kneels down on the floor next to her head, still holding her ankles back and begins whispering sweet things in her ear and kissing and biting her neck and ears. Val starts to feel comforted by his words as the mystery man rams his hard as steel cock into her pussy. With her lover holding her ankles, the Mystery man has both hands free and is using them for all he's worth, one hand pinching a nipple, the other rubbing her clit, all the while jack hammering his cock like he's paid by the job instead of the hour. The sensations hits Val again and before she can say a word she floods the cock inside her as she ejaculates all over him. Her lover sees the clear liquid gush against the other mans cock as the Mystery man himself feels the warm flow strike him. It puts him over the edge as almost instantly he cries out and tells her he is ready to cum and pulls of of her pussy fast. He clamps his hand hard around the base and swivels over Val's body putting his cock to her lips. Val is still cumming, but hears the mystery man tell her topen up her mouth. She opened her mouth wide and felt the huge cock fill her mouth. Without even sucking, she again feels a dick pulsate and begin to shoot into her mouth. She knows from experience that the mystery man has huge loads of cum. She is not shocked when he continues to squirt his cum into her mouth. Shot after shot goes into her mouth. She tried to swallow when she felt that her mouth was full and cum begin to leak out the corners of her mouth. 

The Mystery man must have released just as much cum as she did the entire afternoon. She was fully aware of the treat she is getting now, as he usually cums in her ass. He exited her mouth while he was still squirting his cum into it and squirted cum on her face letting it fall on her nose, cheek and chin. She starts raising her head to take his entire dick into her mouth again in order to suck out all of his cum. There is a ton of it, and did not want to miss a drop. 

She continued to lick and suck the Mystery man clean as can be and he dutifully pulled out of her mouth. With a word of thanks to her lover, she hears him get up off the bed and get dressed. 

As the mystery man was getting dressed, her lover lies down against her again and slides his hand over her belly slowly down to her pussy. He holds his hand gently over her clit and pushed up and says out loud, "Doesn't she have a beautiful pussy?" 
