 Chapter Five

It was another Wednesday; another day in which Monica's favourite art class met. This week she was nervous. She had set in motion a plan to seduce the students of this class and things had gone terribly wrong. As she waited by her front window for everyone to arrive she was unsure about whether or not she wanted to continue with her plans.

As she contemplated her choices she saw a car pull into her driveway. Shawn got out, took his backpack out of the backseat and began to make his way up Monica's front steps. Monica moved over to the front door and opened it.

"Am I too early?" Shawn asked as soon as the door was opened.

"Not at all," Monica said ushering him inside. Just the sight of him and the smile her reply brought to his face made her feel better.

"Where do you want me to change?" he asked. He then pointed to the door directly opposite the front entrance. "Angel and all of the life models you hired changed in the downstairs guest bedroom. I'm assuming I'm going in there as well."

"Yes," Monica replied, "but I'd like you to wait until everyone is here. Dennis has something to say to everyone."

Shawn gave her a puzzled look. "Any idea what it's about?"

Hesitating for a second before answering, Monica explained the events of the previous Saturday. "So, now you know as much as I do."

Shawn whistled in response before speaking. "Are we going to continue with things?"

"I'm not sure. Dennis told me he wants to try, but it somewhat seems like he's doing it to please Lenora and not himself. I'm not sure if that's a healthy way to be going about this sort of thing."

"What do we do if the decision is for him not to continue?"

"I'm not sure of that either. Angel would like to I'd think and I wouldn't mind. I think I can assume that you would be a yes as well."

"Yep," Shawn said with a grin.

"The there's Ellie and Mark. Ellie is a yes, but we haven't really gotten Mark's true view yet. The last thing I want is to find that he feels like he's being pushed into this too fast like Dennis did."

"I think Ellie is being careful with him along those lines."

"Maybe, but I thought the same thing about Lenora and I was wrong. I don't want to be wrong again."

A frown appeared on Shawn's face. It remained there for a few minutes before he sighed and shook his head. "You know something, fretting about it like this isn't going to help." A smile appeared on his face as he asked, "So, how has your week been going overall?"

Seeing his smile, she couldn't help but laugh. "After Saturday and tossing aside those events, not all that bad."

Their conversation settled into topics of a more everyday variety after that. It wasn't long before the rest of the class began to arrive. Angel came first, followed by Mark and Ellie and then finally Dennis and Lenora. Dennis wasn't wearing his usual clothes. Instead of the ones that gave him a thuggish type look, the clothes he was wearing made him look more stylish. He wore dress pants and a shirt with a tie. His fedora was gone and judging from the fuzz on top of his head, he had stopped shaving and was allowing his hair to grow again.

When Dennis and Lenora entered the living room they both said polite hellos, but had worried looks on their faces. Lenora eyes in particular never left Dennis. They were normally all smiles and laughter. Seeing them like this, knowing she had a big part to play in why, made Monica want to shrink away in shame. She looked at Angel and saw her quickly look downward at the floor. This reaction told her that Angel felt the same.

With Dennis's arrival the rest of the group grew quieter. Everybody slowly took their seats in the semi-circle of easels surrounding the black, shag rug in the center of Monica's living room. All eyes turned toward Dennis.

"Can I assume that everybody knows what happened Saturday?" Dennis asked.

"I told Ellie on Monday when she got to the restaurant. She said she would let Mark know," Angel said.

"I phoned and told him while I was on my lunch break," Ellie confirmed.

"And I told Shawn when he arrived today," Monica said holding her hand up in the air.

Dennis nodded his head in response before beginning. "So I don't have to go into any of that then. OK, I guess the best place to start is with my mother." He reached out at that point with his had to clasp Lenora's. "Lennie, you know about my mother leaving Dad and me when I was a kid. What neither Dad or I told anyone was what happened the night she left. She had been cheating on Dad a lot. I remember her bringing home lots of guys on nights when Dad was working late. She'd send me to bed as soon as one of them arrived."

Dennis paused at that point and seemed to be struggling to force the words out of his mouth. Lenora raised their still clasped hands top her mouth and kissed his hand. "You're safe here," she said, "you can continue." She moved their hands to the side of her face and stared intently at him.

After another nod he began to speak again. "One night I decided to see what she was doing with the men. I slipped out of my room and made my way downstairs. I don't remember checking any of the upstairs rooms, but if I was looking for my mother I probably did. I heard the moans as soon as I reached the bottom of the stairs."

There was a long pause at this point. Dennis opened his mouth a couple of times, attempting to continue, but ended up closing his mouth instead. As he wiped a tear from his eye Lenora slid her chair over so that it sat right against his. She wrapped one arm around him as she nestled her head into his chest. She placed her other hand on his body, right in front of her face.

Dennis kissed the top of her head before continuing. "I saw them in our living room. They were both naked. He was sitting on our couch and she was riding him. I'm not sure how long I stood there looking at them. I was young at the time, maybe six or seven, and I really didn't understand just what I was seeing. At some point while I was standing there, Dad came home. He was suddenly there, yelling at my mother and ordering me to go to my room."

He took a deep breath at that point. Lenora, who still had her head on his chest, rubbed him with her hand in reaction. "I'm right here," she said, "and I'm not going anywhere."

After placing his hand on top of Lenora's, Dennis continued. "I was afraid as I sat in my room. I'd never seen Dad that angry before. I sat there on my bed, listening to them argue. I don't remember what they said, all I remember is that they were loud and that it went on for a long time. The next thing I knew, my mother came into my room patted me on the head and left. She didn't even bother to kiss me or even give me a hug, just a pat on the head like I was some damn dog."

He was visibly fighting tears at this point. Angel stood up out of her chair. Walked over and hugged him from behind. "We're all here for you," she said.

Dennis gained more control of himself. "When I agreed to all of this I was enthusiastic as first. What man wouldn't want to have sex with multiple women." He stopped at that point and looked at Monica. "Sorry Monica, but I think most of us saw what you were up to right away."

"That's alright," Monica said, blushing a little, "I guess Angel and I weren't as subtle as we thought we were."

A feint smile appeared on Dennis's face. "Anyway, yes, as I said, I jumped in feet first to start off with. It didn't take long for it to sink in about just what it was that I'd agreed to. Thinking of Lenora with Shawn or with Mark made me think of Dad. I know it's irrational and that neither of them are Dad and that Lenora isn't my mother. I couldn't help it and I hated myself for it." He looked toward Shawn. "Sorry man, I didn't want to get mad at you in particular."

"It's alright," Shawn replied, "I wasn't going to touch Lenora unless you approved."

Dennis nodded at Shawn in thanks. He then turned his gaze to Lenora, whose head was still on his chest. "Then came last Saturday. I was enjoying watching Len and Angel go at it. I had a small bout of fear at first, but I was able to fight it off and thought I'd have no problems. Then Angel was there at my feet, right in between my legs. When she looked up at me I became nervous. It made me think of that night, but Angel was my mother and I was the guy on the couch. That's when it all came flooding into my head; everything I felt that night, all the feelings I've been trying to ignore for so long were all just there."

"Oh God Dennie," Lenora said, raising herself up to look him in the eyes, "why didn't you say anything?"

"Stupid me," he said, "I thought I could handle it and I knew it was something you wanted."

"I want it it, but not at any cost," she responded forcefully. "I don't want it at the cost of hurting you."

Angel, who still had her arms around Dennis from behind, suddenly developed a mischievous smirk. "Dennis, you said you enjoyed watching Len and me?"

"Yes," he said, turning his head slightly to look at her.

"I was going to have my way with Shawn after the class tonight. Would you and Lenora like to watch? It'll only be watching, nobody will do anything else with you or Lenora unless you ask for it."

He paused for a moment before replying, "I think I can deal with that. However, can you and Monica promise me something?"

"Of course," Monica responded. She heard Angel speaking those exact words at almost the same time.

"It's clear that we all know where this is heading. Can we all just be honest with each other and drop the cloak and dagger tactics?"

Monica looked at Angel; her friend looked shame faced and Monica knew her own expression reflected the same feeling. Monica sighed and began to speak. "You're right, we got caught up in the thrill of the fantasy of seduction. Had we been more mature and upfront about our intentions, most of this could have been avoided."

Angel kissed Dennis on the cheek. "You're a good man and you're right." Another mischievous smile developed on her face after saying this. "You're still planning on sticking around to see Shawn fuck the shit out of me aren't you?"

"Yes," Dennis chuckled.

"Good," Angel said. She let go of Dennis and walked back to her chair. As she moved she looked back over her shoulder at him. She swayed her hips in the exaggerated fashion that she was so good at.

Shawn looked at Ellie and Mark as Angel settled back into her seat. "You two have been quiet."

"We're not as invested in all of this as the rest of you at this point," Mark replied with a shrug.

"And he does mean at this point," Ellie said, putting emphasis on the last three words of her statement. She then looked directly at Mark with shining eyes and a bright smile.

Mark looked back at her with a look of surprise. "You mean you want us to?"

"Yes," Ellie replied, giving him a sultry look as she licked her lips seductively.

"But, we haven't even done anything ourselves." After he said this he looked around the room nervously, clearly realizing what he had just revealed. A large blush then developed on his face.

Ellie beckoned Mark with her finger. She moved closer as he leaned forward. When they were face to face she rubbed her nose against his and said in a low voice, "I think it's time we changed that."

Guessing by the blank look on Mark's face Monica could only assume that it was taking a few seconds for the full ramifications of Ellie's words to sink into his brain. Monica could almost see the light bulb turn on over his head when he finally grinned and kissed Ellie passionately.

"Well," Shawn said as he walked to the center of the shag rug, "I guess we should get things started."

"Shawn," Monica said with one of her eyebrows raised as he began to unbutton his shirt, "shouldn't you use the guest bedroom?"

"Why?" he asked as he unzipped his jeans.

Monica's eyes traveled up and down his body as he exposed more flesh. He was only in his underwear when she finally answered his question. "I just thought you would be more comfortable undressing in there. Judging by how comfortable you seem to be right now, I guess I was wrong."

"Angel and I are going to be having sex later with Dennis and Lenora watching. Since I think I can assume that you're going to be present as well, that means that most of you are going to be seeing me naked a lot this evening. Why be shy about it?"

Just as Shawn was reaching for the waistband of his underwear Monica walked over and entered the guest bedroom. Inside she grabbed the long toy sword, made out of grey plastic, she had set on the bed for Shawn. He was naked when she returned to the living room. After walking up to the edge of the rug she handed it to him. "Take it in you left hand please. You were supposed to see it when you went in there to undress."

When Shawn took the sword, Monica busied herself getting him into the pose she wanted him in for the evening. His left hand was stretched out, pointing the sword down and away from his body. He was tuned to face slightly left, his legs a few feet apart. His other arm was raised and bent at the elbow so that his forearm was behind his head. 

"That's good," Monica finally said with a satisfied nod, "hold it right there."

Shawn turned his head for a second to look Monica in the eyes. "Like what you see?" he said with a grin before turning his head back into place.

The way he smiled at her and the tone of his voice made her heart ship a beat. Those feelings again. Why on Earth was she getting these silly romantic notions and with a man young enough to be her son? What was wrong with her?

She put these thoughts aside and the remainder of the evening passed quietly after all of that. As ten o'clock and the time to pack up neared, Monica noticed the level of nervousness in the room increase. Angel in particular seemed to be fidgeting more than normal. Finally, Monica called a halt to the proceedings and everybody began to pack up.

When Angel finished packing all of her things away she began to undress. Monica noticed more than a few surprised looks on the faces of the other students. "What?" Angel asked, looking around at everybody. She smiled and shrugged her shoulders, "you've all seen me naked already."

"You have no complaints from me," Shawn said with a laugh.

She lowered her skirt and panties, leaving her as naked as Shawn, grabbed his hand and dragged him toward the door of the guest bedroom. "We'll be waiting for anyone who wants to watch," she called over her shoulder as she moved.

Ellie giggled and looked at Mark. "The two of us had better be going. There's something we have to take care of."

Angel's head popped out of the doorway to the guest bedroom. "Don't be coy, we all know you're going somewhere so that you can both get your cherries popped." With a wave of her hand she disappeared back into the room.

Mark leaned his head back and laughed. "She has you there Ellie."

In response Ellie playfully hit Mark on the shoulder. "Do you want this to happen tonight?"

He grinned and held out his hand. "Will you come with me my most beautiful girlfriend?"

"When you put it like that," she said, smiling as she took his hand.

"Bye," they both said in unison as they left through the front door.

After Ellie and Mark had departed Monica grabbed one of the chairs from the semi-circle, looked at Dennis and Lenora and gestured with her head toward the still open doorway of the guest bedroom. They could already hear Angel moaning in pleasure inside the room.

"Shall we?" she asked.

Dennis and Lenora each grabbed a chair and followed Monica. Inside on the bed Angel was lying on top of Shawn in a sixty-nine position. The two of them lay crosswise on the bed. The three newcomers placed their chairs against the wall facing the foot of the bed and sat down.

From their seats Monica, Dennis and Lenora had a side view of the action in front of them. While they could clearly see Angel's mouth as she used it to suck on Shawn's cock, Angel thighs obscured Shawn's head. They could only see his movement and not specifically what he was doing to Angel. The muffled moans coming from her proved that she was enjoying whatever it was he was doing to her.

All of a sudden Angel let go of Shawn's cock. "Oh God yes, that feels so good!" she screamed.

She sat up and threw her head back as she began to grind herself onto his mouth. Shawn allowed her to do this for awhile before he grabbed her hips with his arms and held her in place. From her vantage point, Monica could see his face move upward, pressing himself closer to Angel's pussy. This triggered Angel's orgasm. Angel's body grew very still; there was then the telltale shaking of her limbs, this time her arms instead of her legs. Angel's body held this pose for some time before she collapsed on top of Shawn.

As Angel was recovering Monica caught movement out of the corner of her eye. She turned her head to see Lenora slide out of her chair and onto her knees in front of Dennis. She slowly removed his pants and underwear. After doing so she leaned her head forward and began to lick up and down his cock, keeping eye contact the entire time.

Monica removed her own clothing at this point. She began to slowly run her hands up and down her body, taking voyeuristic pleasure from the sight of the two couples in front of her. She wanted to join in on the fun but she had Shawn all to herself last week and Angel deserved to have him all to herself this one time. When it came to Dennis she had now learned that she had to let him set his own pace. If he invited her to join Lenora and him she would, but she couldn't invite herself in.

Back on the bed Angel had maneuvered herself into a reverse cowgirl position. Monica began to rub her fingers up and down her own labia as she watched Angel lower herself down onto Shawn. Monica rubbed her clit as she sank two fingers into her now soaked pussy. She bucked her hips as she timed her fingers to match Angel, thrusting them in in as Angel dropped down.

She heard a growl from beside her and looked over just in time see Dennis grab Lenora by the hips and lift her into a seated position on the chair he himself had just recently been sitting in. Lenora was laughing as a practically ripped her jeans and panties off. This laughing changed into moaning as Dennis sank his face into her pussy. She bucked her hips up as Dennis head moved, pleasuring her pussy.

"Oh yes," Lenora said in a whisper that Monica barely heard, "that's it, just like that."

Wave after wave of heat radiated from between Monica's legs as she watched what was happening around her. Shawn was now ramming his cock in and out of Angel doggy style. Dennis and Lenora and had slid to the floor. Lenora was on her back with Dennis's head still between her legs. He had latched onto her pussy with his mouth and was working her over with his tongue. 

Monica hands became a blur as she moved them over her clit and in and out of her pussy. Her back arched so much that she had to brace herself with her legs to prevent herself from sliding out of the chair. In doing so she pushed the chair back onto it's two hind legs with the top of the backrest sitting flat against the wall.

She heard Lenora scream out, "I'm cumming!" 

Seconds later she saw Lenora's legs stick straight up into the air. They shook violently as she orgasmed. Her recovery was quick and within moments she leaping onto Dennis and began to suck his cock with a startling ferocity.

Still being rammed from behind on the bed, Angel had now grabbed a pillow. Her arms scrunched it as her head sank into it and she began to babble incoherently. Monica heard the sound of hard slaps as Shawn's hips impacted with Angel's and echoed across the room. Angel lifted her head out of the pillow just long enough to cry out, "Oh God yes, I'm there!" Her sweat covered body then began her typically subdued orgasm. Shawn pumped in and out of her a couple more times before pulling out and spurting his cum all over her back.
