 Chapter Seven

Wednesday had come again and Monica was more nervous than usual. Would Dennis pose? She had some things ready to be used for still life drawing just in case he decided he wasn't ready for that step. After the events of the previous week she thought he probably would, but wasn't sure. She looked at the semi-circle of chairs and easels she had arranged around her living room rug. She hoped she would see Dennis in the center of them this evening.

Finally, a car appeared and turned into her driveway. She recognized it as Dennis' immediately. After parking the car, Dennis got out, followed by Lenora. The two of them got everything they needed for the evening out of the backseat and started up Monica's front steps.

Monica opened the front door for them as they stepped on to the porch. "How are you both this week?" she asked cheerfully as she ushered them inside with her arm.

"We're fine," Lenora replied. After saying this her gaze quickly flew back from Monica to Dennis. She held onto his arm and smiled at him lovingly as they walked into the house.

Once inside, the couple turned their attention back to their host. "How are you today Monica?" Dennis asked. The smile on his face was just as beaming as the one on Lenora's.

"What is up with you two?" Monica asked, raising an eyebrow and laughing. "I'm fine by the way to answer your question, but what is with the huge grins on both your faces?"

"We'll say when everyone else is here." Lenora was still hanging onto Dennis' arm as she said this. Her face seemed to glow even more.

With Lenora's statement, Monica began to suspect what the announcement was. She smiled knowingly as Lenora took her seat and began to get ready. Dennis remained standing in front of Monica. He opened his mouth to say something, but closed it before any words came out. Instead he pointed his thumb over his shoulder toward the guest bedroom. With him standing there, Monica was able to really appreciate how much better he looked in a shirt and dress pants than he ever had in his thug look clothing.

"I take it you've made your decision about tonight," Monica said with a slight laugh.

"Yeah," Dennis replied with a nod, "I think I'm ready to do it."

Walking a couple of steps forward, Monica gave him a hug. "I'm glad," she said as she gave him a peck on the cheek.

Dennis smiled as he turned and walked into the guest bedroom. The look he and Lenora gave each other seemed to confirm to Monica what their secret was. She couldn't wait for everyone else to show up so that she could find out if she was right or not.

Soon she got her wish as the rest of the class arrived in quick succession. Ellie and Mark were first, followed by Angel and then Shawn. Monica felt like a giddy schoolgirl as she stood on her porch watching Shawn step up toward her. When he was face to face with her he leaned forward and gave her a very quick kiss on the lips. Her heart fluttered when his lips touched her's.

After breaking contact, Shawn pulled back. His eyes had a twinkle in them as he kept staring into Monica's. Finally he moved into the house, only breaking eye contact when he was through the door and moving toward the semi-circle. Monica placed a hand over her chest and felt her heart hammer as she watched him get ready for the evening.

A few moments later Monica recovered her composure, closed the front door and walked toward the semi-circle. Of the faces sitting on the chairs Monica noted that Shawn and Ellie were the ones looking at her. Shawn had a loving expression on his face that caused Monica's heart to begin to flutter again. Ellie's eyebrows were scrunched as she turned her head back and forth, switching her gaze between Monica and Shawn. Of all her students, Monica should have known that Ellie would be the first to notice what was happening between her and Shawn.

There was silence around the room at that point. Monica stood in the center of the semi-circle, waiting for Lenora to make her announcement. The rest of the class sat there looking around at each other, not sure what was going on.

Shawn was the first to break the silence. "What's going on Monica?" he asked, looking around nervously. "Why the silent treatment?"

Monica crossed her arms and smirked. "I'm waiting for Lenora."

Lenora blushed and said, "I was waiting for Dennis to get back out here, but I guess if you insist." 

She reached into her purse and retrieved a diamond engagement ring. Placing it on her finger, she stretched out her hand to present it to everyone. Monica was happy that her guess had been correct.

Ellie was the first to react. "Oh my God!" she yelled. She jumped up out of her seat and rushed over to hug Lenora, bouncing a couple of times and barely touching the floor as she moved.

It was then that Dennis leaning out of the doorway of the guest bedroom. He was wearing one of the white life model robes as he asked, "What's the yelling all about?"

Lenora broke away from Ellie's hug long enough to look over at Dennis. "You were supposed to come out right away so that we could make the announcement together!" she shouted at him. "What took you so long?"

Dennis' mouth dropped open. "You were going to come get me weren't you?"

"That's not what we decided on," Lenora replied, crossing her arms and frowning.

He seemed to realize right away the position he was in and backed down. "This is the point where I apologize as the man and hope for a victory at some other time isn't it?" he said, his face developing a deep blush.

"Yes," Lenora said, trying to look stern, but unsuccessfully fighting off her own laughter.

"Oh my God Dennis!" Ellie squealed as she dashed over to hug him.

Everyone else stood up at this point to offer their congratulations. Handshakes and hugs were offered as they all talked and laughed. Monica allowed them to enjoy the moment for awhile before she clapped her hands together to get their attention.

"As much as I'm enjoying this," she stated with as much authority as she could. "we really should be starting."

With nods and smiles, everyone took their seats. Dennis walked over to stand in the middle of the rug. He dropped the robe revealing his barrel chested and muscular body. Monica had seen him naked the previous week, but seeing him standing there, his back straight with his legs slightly spread; he was an impressive sight to behold. Dark, course hair covered his arms and legs.

He looked directly at Monica and asked, "What pose do you want me in?"

Walking over to him, Monica began to position him. She faced him away, back to the center of the semi-circle. His right arm stretched behind him to grab the back of his leg while his other arm went straight out to the side, the palm of his hand flat and pointing downward. His neck was turned so that he was looking directly to his right.

"Perfect," Monica said as she moved away from him and out of the semi-circle.

The usual routine of observation of her students' work with the occasional suggestion began and continued throughout the evening. When the time came to pack everything up Dennis took Lenora's hand, kissed it in a gentlemanly way and led her toward the guest bedroom. Lenora was giggling as they disappeared into the room.

While everyone else was packing up for the night Monica stood on the rug in the middle of the semi-circle and coughed loudly to get their attention. "I had a still life drawing week ready in case Dennis decided he wasn't prepared to pose. I might as well do that next week as a change of pace while the idea is still fresh in my mind. Ellie and Mark are now the only members of the class who haven't posed." She then turned her attention to the two students she had just named and asked, "Do either of you want to do so in two weeks?"

"I'll do it next," Ellie said as she was carefully placing her pencils in her backpack. She looked up at Monica with a sly smile on her face. "Thank you for the two week period Monica. That will allow a little extra time for Mark and me to get to know each other."

Monica chuckled, fully knowing what Ellie meant. "You're welcome," she said with a nod.

"Now that that's settled," Angel said, using her thumb to point toward the guest bedroom, "shouldn't we be joining Lenora and Dennis?"

Ellie moved over to embrace Mark. "We'll skip this week's action. All of this engagement stuff has me in the mood for some one on one time with my man."

Mark glanced downward at the floor in reaction to this. He blushed before bringing his head back up to look into Ellie's eyes. He smiled shyly and kissed her on the forehead. Ellie giggled at his response and deepened her hug. She then squeaked as Mark lifted her up and began to walk with her toward the door.

"Mark!" she cried out. "Put me down!"

He stopped and obeyed her order. He put his lips to her's and kissed her as he slowly lowered her. After he let her go she stood there, blinking but not moving.

"That was nice," she said after coming to a little less than a minute later.

The two of them gave each other knowing looks. Seconds later they were grabbing their things and running out the door. Two very briefs good-byes could be heard as the door closed.

"Can we please start having the fun they're about to have?" Angel laughed.

"Shall we then?" Monica found herself laughing along with Angel.

Angel took Shawn by the arm. The two of them moved toward the guest bedroom. Monica was right behind them. She suddenly realized that she felt a little possessive and didn't like the idea that she wasn't the one on Shawn's arm.

"You're quiet right now," Angel said as she looked back over her shoulder at Monica.

Monica increased her speed and took Shawn's other arm. She noticed as Angel cocked one of her eyebrows in response. She suspected that she may have tipped her hand and revealed to Angel the feelings she had been developing for Shawn. 

No more words were spoken on the matter as they crossed the remaining space and moved through the still open doorway and into the guest bedroom. They were greeted by the sight of Dennis, sitting on one of the three chairs that were still against the wall; he had no clothes on. He was getting a slow and luxurious looking blow job from Lenora, who was also now completely naked.

"Goodie!" Angel cried out. "I get Shawn on the bed!"

Angel and Shawn removed each others clothing and fell together onto the bed; they were already caressing the others body before they hit the mattress. Monica watched them, confused that she could be jealous of Shawn walking arm and arm with Monica, but not be jealous of seeing them do this. She supposed that in her mind Shawn having sex with other members of the class was an already accepted factor in their relationship before her feelings developed, but smaller things, such as hand holding, seemed new and more threatening.

Coming out of her musings and back to the real world, Monica noticed that Angel was on her back and that Shawn had two fingers moving in and out of her pussy. Monica removed her own clothing and sat down on the chair next to Dennis. She smiled at him as she began to rub her clit, feeling the warmth begin to grow between her legs. She was pleased to see him return her smile with one of his own.

Between Dennis' legs Lenora was swirling her tongue over the tip of his cock. His moans were showing how much he was enjoying what she was doing. He reached out with his hands to caress her hair as she took him fully within her mouth and began to bob her head up and down.

"Oh my God Shawn!" came a cry from the bed that drew Monica's attention back there. Shawn's hand was now a blur as he worked the two fingers in and out of her. She writhed on the bed, panting and gasping as he grinned, looking quite satisfied at what he was doing to her.

As she watched the two of them Monica slipped two fingers into her own pussy and slowly worked them in and out while keeping her other hand on her clit. She closed her eyes and let the sensations wash over her, feeling the heat, that had graduated up from just warmth, as it began to radiate out to the rest of her body.

She stopped and opened her eyes as she felt something touch her leg. She looked down to see Dennis' hand as it slowly began to rub its way up her inner thigh. She looked up to his face to see him smiling at her. She then looked down at Lenora to make sure she was fine with what Dennis was doing.

Lenora temporarily stopped her blow job and grinned up at Monica. "Enjoying my fiancee's hand?"

"Very much," Monica sighed as she spread her legs wide to allow Dennis access. She had been hoping for this; hoped that if she gave Dennis an opening that he would be comfortable enough to take it. She was glad that he now was.

She licked her lips and moaned as Dennis slipped his middle finger between her labia and began to rub it up and down. Whenever he reached the top he gently flicked her clit a couple of times before continuing back down.

She felt her hips begin to buck and closed her eyes again to focus on the pleasure Dennis was giving her. His hands went to her breasts where they began to rub her nipples. She was even hotter now; her body flushed with every pulse of heat the shot through her, originating from the furnace between her legs. The problems that had come with getting Dennis to where he was now had built up a sense of anticipation in Monica. Now that he was here, the anticipation was bubbling over into an intense erotic feeling that was bringing her body to levels of bliss she had rarely experienced.

Dennis was now concentrating on her clit. His fingers were alternating between gentle circular motions and more aggressive back and forth flicking. Monica was startled to feel a mouth on her inner knee. She opened her eyes to see Lenora's smiling face as she began to kiss her way up Monica inner thigh. Monica's back arched as Lenora's mouth latched onto her pussy and her tongue shot inside. The combination of Dennis' hand and Lenora's mouth was driving her insane with pleasure.

Monica's breath was now a series of pants and gasps as Lenora and Dennis continued to tag-team her pussy. She looked to see what was happening on the bed. Shawn and Angel were facing towards her. Angel was on elbows and knees with Shawn behind her. Shawn's hips were moving at a slow and leisurely pace as they both stared intently at what Monica, Lenora and Dennis were up to. Everyone in the room seemed to know what a huge step this was for Dennis. They all wanted to witness it.

It was at this point that Monica felt one of Dennis' hands grab her's and guild it to his cock. Her vision was becoming hazy, but she could still see him nod his head toward where her hand now rested. Lenora's tongue stabbed into Monica's pussy again as she grasped Dennis cock with her hand. Her hips were moving of their own volition as she swirled her thumb around the tip. Pre-cum spilled out and Monica used it to lube her hand up in preparation for the hand job. Dennis' hip rose as she began to move her hand up and down his length. In response he mashed his hand into her clit increasing the pace of his circular motions.

Through the increasing haze of her vision, Monica saw Lenora scramble away from the writhing forms of herself and Dennis. She heard Lenora chuckle as she escalated the pace of her hand on Dennis shaft. Dennis, in turn, sped up the motions of his hand on her clit. They both stared into each others eyes as they neared the point of explosion.

Suddenly, Dennis threw his head back and cried out as cum spurted from his cock. Seconds later, Monica's own orgasm hit and she found herself having to grip her seat with her free had to prevent herself from being thrown out of the chair by her violent thrashings and shudders.

Her senses returned to her eventually. The first thing she heard was the sound of Angel's voice crying out, "I'm cumming!" Monica lifted her head to look toward the bed. Angel was on her back with her legs in the air, their now familiar subtle shaking giving evidence to what Angel had cried out. Between her shaking legs, Shawn was pistoning his cock in and out of her body which was stilled by the force of her orgasm. It wasn't long before Shawn pulled out of her a came all over her stomach.

On the floor in front of Monica, Lenora lay on her back with Dennis' head between her legs and his tongue giving her pussy a workout. Monica watched as Lenora came closer and closer to her orgasm. When it hit, Lenora's legs pushed her hips right off the floor as she screamed Dennis' name.

They all remained where they were for a few minutes as they recovered. Dennis was the first to stand up. He offered his hand to Lenora and helped her to stand. The two of them were then joined by Shawn and Angel and finally by Monica herself. Monica smiled as she looked at the sweat cover bodies surrounding her.

"I think everybody needs a shower," she laughed.

Everyone agreed and one by one they each used Monica's shower, came back down and dressed. When Monica's turn came she looked at herself in the bathroom mirror. Her hair was a mess and her mascara was running. She chuckled and smiled at the happy mess that looked back at her.

When all the showers had finished they all gathered in Monica's living room. Monica hugged each of them before they left. After she was alone she made her way up to bed. The events of the night had been fun, but the anticipation she felt when it came to the idea of fucking Dennis and Mark had begun to build again. She was sure now that she would get to have both of them. Dennis' problems with his past and Ellie's desire to keep Mark to herself had both made the times when it would happen uncertain in the short term. In the long term though, all she needed to do was to be patient and wait for Dennis and Ellie to decide the time was right.

As she crawled into bed she realized that as much as she was anticipating sex with Dennis and Mark, she was anticipating sex with Shawn even more. It wasn't just sex with him either; she was anticipating any and all time she got to spend with him. She fell asleep with a smile on her face and dreamed of walking through a grassy field with Shawn, a baby held in her arms.

Chapter Eight

The next Wednesday everybody arrived around the same time. There was a crush at the door as everyone moved through at once. Soon everyone was seated around the semi-circle and ready for that week's still life drawing.

Monica retrieved a small wooden table from one of her back rooms and placed in in the middle of the rug. On top of it she placed a bowl filled with a combination of fruit. Other objects were placed around the bowl. When she was done, the bowl was surrounded by an empty, brass candlestick; a compass; a black derby hat with a finger sized hole on one side; and the top half of a sheep's skull.

The evening went smoothly with no difficulties. At the end of it Ellie and Mark politely said good night and scampered off to do what everyone knew they were going to do. Lenora and Dennis left. Giving much the same reason for not sticking around.

"I have an early morning doctor's appointment tomorrow," Angel said. She was trying to look disappointed as she said this, but did a horrible job of play acting.

"What's going on Angel?" Monica asked.

"Well, uhmmmm," Angel stammered, "I made the appointment weeks ago."

Monica crossed her arms over her chest and frowned. "You don't actually have a doctor's appointment, do you?"

Angel's jaw dropped and remained open for a few seconds before she closed it again. She blushed and hung her head. "No," she finally admitted.

"What's going on then Angel?" Monica asked again, her voice growing stern.

"We've all seen the way you two have been behaving toward each other," Angel explained. "The idea was to let the two of you get some one on one time to work things out."
