 Author's note: This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived, it is done so on the basis that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive. 

This story is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upsets you, do not read any further. By reading further you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law of the United States or of the country you belong to, and in which, you are a citizen. 

My sincere thanks to "writer_robin" for editing and providing useful suggestions.

Hi friends, I am Mohan and I grew up in a small town just north of Cannanore in Kerala. I welcome comments.

* 

After completing my first year in college, I moved to another town to do my Engineering. Fortunately, my parents had a good friend, Vijay, who had a jewelry business in this town and arranged for me to stay with him . Vijay was twenty-seven, his young wife Monica was twenty, and they were newly married for about one year. Monica stayed at home, oversaw the maid in cooking, and did normal chores around the house. Even though she was very beautiful, I saw her as a family friend and not as the sexy woman that she really was. Soon we became good friends and I helped her with tasks around the house. Monica's Cousin John also lived in the same house and worked in Vijay's jewelry store.

Things had become pretty much routine. I attended Engineering College, helped Monica with some chores and managed to sneak away and fuck the milkman Gopal's sweet wife Yasmin at least once a week. Life was good. Then one day Monica's eighteen-year-old cousin Coral came over from Chennai to spend her summer vacation. Coral was a high school student and was accompanied by her aunt, who was in her late thirties. Coral was dark skinned, lean, and had a nice pair of small (32B) sized boobs on her willowy, sexy body. 

I was cordial to Coral and did not display any special affection to her since I had Yasmin, who took care of all my sexual needs and desires, as my lady and lover. All that changed one day when I was seated by the table in the front verandah feeding the fish in the fish tank. Coral came by me and totally surprised me by giving me a good French kiss, burying her tongue deep into my mouth. It felt great! I stood up held her tight and kissed her in return. She started to feel the bulge in my pants and gently brushed her hand by it. Then she went inside the house. She looked very sexy with long legs, navy blue mini skirt and light blue blouse.

She continued to tease me and Monica's cousin John, who lived in the same house, at every opportunity she got. She would brush her tiny, perky, and firm tits against us while she walked past and sometimes lightly squeezed the bulge in our pants. Because of this teasing and kissing, I got attracted to her.

The following week, Monica was making preparations for her birthday. She and Coral, along with Coral's aunt, were busy with cooking, cleaning and tidying up the house. I helped with the buntings and balloons. On the afternoon of the party, things were calm and well under control, and it was time to bring the extra chairs that we had rented. These chairs were stored in the empty house next door. Coral had been teasing John all morning, and John decided to lure her to the vacant house and fuck her. I was not aware of what was going on, and went to the empty house through the back door to get the chairs for the party.

As I walked in, I came upon Coral and John. John lay on his back on the floor and Coral was naked from the waist up, had her skirt up, and was riding John's cock Cowgirl style. They heard me walk in and they both turned around. I excused myself and as I was leaving Coral said "Mohan, don't go. Come join us. You are next!" 

I was shocked but could not resist the invitation. Coral reached over and, without missing a single stroke, she put her hand on my crotch and grabbed my cock and gave it a gentle squeeze.

My cock started to awaken and Coral felt it. She undid my belt, buttons and zipper and I quickly got out of my pants and underwear. Off came my shirt and my cock was fully erect and hard, and the mushroom tip glistened with my pre-cum. Coral made me lie down on my back next to John. She withdrew from John's cock ( it was fatter than mine) and with one quick movement, jumped on top of me and put my cock in her pussy, and started riding me. Coral had thick dark pubic hair with protruding pussy lips, and her cunt felt velvety smooth, warm, slippery and tight. Her pussy lips were draped around my cock and went up and down as she rode me, Cowgirl style. As she rode me, I reached over and played with her small breasts that were surprisingly firm with hard nipples. 

A few strokes later, Coral started moaning "Uuuuunnnnnhhhhh...! Fuck me! Fuck me good and hard!" I reached over and massaged her firm clitoris, stroked it up and down and from side to side. 

Coral screamed "Oh my God! Oh my God! Yes! Yes! Mohan rub my clit! Rub my clit! Pleeeaaasseeee...!"

After about five minutes it was John's turn. She got off me and jumped on John's big, hard, glistening cock. Coral put both her hands on John's chest and started to ride him while he played with her boobs and nipples. Then John started massaging Coral's clit as she screamed "Oh! Oh! Oh! Yes! Just like that! Right there! Right there! Oh my God, I'm cumming! I'm cuuummmmmiiiinnnggggg...!" Coral screamed and her body shook as she fucked John faster and faster and raked his chest with her long finger nails.

This taking turns seemed a great idea. It was new to me and very exciting. It gave our cocks a brief rest, and we realized that we could fuck much longer and hold our ejaculation better. I went over and locked the door.

"Mohan, your turn. Your turn to make me cum!" Coral said and this time I got on top of her, missionary style. 

Her cunt was so very warm, almost hot, and slippery. I started to fuck her deep and slow at first, making sure that the ridge of my glans stroked and massaged her G-Spot. I could tell from her facial expressions, and from her nails biting into my back, that the G-Spot stimulation was intense – Coral was fucking me like a wild animal! Our steady rhythm was heavenly! My cock was sliding in and out of her delicious cunt, and I wondered how long I would last! 

When she increased the tempo of the steady rhythm of our strokes, I realized that she was ready for another orgasm. I went faster and faster, giving her good, deep, and hard strokes. Coral was bucking and jerking her pelvis upwards; almost throwing me off her body; and suddenly, she screamed, "Oh Mohan, I'm cumming! I'm cumming again! I'm cuuummmmmiiiinnnggggg...!" and simultaneously my cock stiffened, and my body jerked and I shuddered. 

I was on the verge; and then suddenly, I screamed "Oh my God Coral! Oh my God! Oh Coral! Coral! Your cunt is terrific! OH CORALLLLLL...! Fuck me Coral! Harder baby! Harder!" and I shot my hot cum deep in her pussy while continuing to fuck her. She used her black panties to wipe off the dripping cum from her pussy.

Now it was John's turn.

John made her kneel on all fours and entered her doggy-style. Coral made some noises "Ah! Ah! Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Fuck me darling! Fuck me! Fuck me please!" 

John increased the pace of his pounding and grabbed her long flowing hair with one hand, and put his other hand under her hips and stroked her clitoris. Coral could take only a few minutes of this intense stimulation of John's big cock. Her moans grew louder and gave way to screams. Then with a loud "Oh My God! Oh John! Oh John! I'm cumming! I'm cumming again! I'm cuuummmmmiiiinnnggggg...!" she had another orgasm. 

John stiffened, fucked Coral faster and faster, and shot his semen deep into Coral's cunt. Then John pulled his cock out and the three of us watched his cum drip from Coral's cunt in a steady stream, on to the sheet on the floor. We went to the bathroom and cleaned up.

I thought that we were done for the day, but on my return from the bathroom, I noticed that Coral and John were engaged in deep French kissing. Coral said "Hey guys, we just got started. Let's fuck some more!" 

I was concerned about Monica and Coral's aunt, and did not want them to catch us in the act! That would spell disaster for everyone!

I said "O.K., let me go over and check on things at Monica's house." and stepped outside. 

The maid told me that Monica and Coral's aunt had gone to the store for some last minute shopping and would not be back for a couple of hours. I practically ran back to the empty house to join back in, on the fun.

John and Coral were on the floor trying the "spoons" position. The view was great. John's big fat cock was going in and out while he squeezed Coral's boobs with one hand and massaged her erect, peeping clitoris with the other. 

Coral was screaming "Oh! Oh! Oh! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...! Fuck me! Fuck me! Harder, harder! I love your cock!" as John kept pumping harder and harder. Coral's pussy was dripping wet and some of her juices trickled out. It didn't take long. Her body stiffened, she closed her eyes and screamed "Oh my God! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh God! I'm cuuummmmmiiiinnnggggg...! Fuuucccckkk mmmmmeeeeeeeeeee...!" and had another orgasm!

John stopped momentarily, withdrew his blood-red cock from her and I knew that it was my turn. My cock had also turned red with all the pounding inside Coral's tight pussy!

I took over John's spoons position and resumed the strokes that John had started. Coral tightened her grip of my cock with her pussy, and lifted and opened her legs for better penetration. I squeezed her breasts and massaged her clit while fucking her with full hard strokes. Coral moaned and moved like a wild animal and fucked me back. With all this violent action, my cock slipped out of her pussy a few times. 

Each time in one swift motion, Coral would put it back into her tight cunt with an "Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Aaaaaahhhhhh...!" and keep on fucking. Our tempo increased.

Coral screamed "Mohan fuck me harder! Fuck me harder! Fuuucccckkk mmmmmeeeeeeeeeee! Fuuucccckkk mmmmmeeeeeeeeeee...! Oh! Oh! Oh! I'm cumming...! I'm cumming...! I'm cuuummmmmiiiinnnggggg...!" and I felt the rush of her cunt juices on my cock.

Coral wanted more. John picked her up, sat on the sheet, and made her sit on his thighs facing him, rubbed his fat cock up and down her wet pussy lips, and inserted it in her cunt. "Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...! Uuuuunnnnnhhhhh...!" she cried as he started pounding away. 

He placed his hands on her petite hips and drew them towards him in a rocking motion. Coral wrapped her long legs around John's waist and fucked away like crazy. At this rate, she was definitely going to have a sore pussy and we would have sore cocks for sure. But at the heat of the moment, we didn't care, and all we thought of doing was fucking Coral! I could see John tense up and knew that he could not take much more of this fast activity. 

He cried "Oh Coral! Oh Coral! Fuck me faster! Faster baby!" and he shot his sperm deep inside her hot cunt. As he withdrew, there was a lot of cum that trickled out of Coral's now reddish cunt and on to the sheet below.

I wanted to try this sitting position since it was new to me. I positioned myself in front of Coral and drew her butt towards me, spread her long legs around me, and positioned my cock at her hot vaginal entrance. Coral couldn't wait – she wriggled her butt and with one swift movement, my cock went right inside her tight, wet, slippery pussy with no problem and we started our movements.

I placed my hands on her hips and drew her towards me during each stroke. We both looked down and watched my cock go in and out of her pussy and the tip of her reddish clitoris graze against the base of my cock. Her labia, lips, mound and clitoris were all reddish with all this feverish activity. 

Coral was like a fucking machine and cried out "Fuck me! Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Fuck me Mohan!" and moved her hips in a sliding motion. I fucked her and played with her breasts and clitoris and Coral kept on moaning. Then I felt myself on the verge of cumming and increased my pace. 

Coral had a clear advantage with her lean body – she could move very well and very fast. She started fucking faster and cried out "Fuck me harder! Fuck me harder! Fuuucccckkk mmmmmeeeeeeeeeee...! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Fuck me! Fuck me! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...!" and I felt her hot cum on my cock.

Simultaneously, I screamed "Fuck me Coral! Fuck me darling! Fuck me! I'm cumming!" and shot my semen deep inside her cunt in several strong spurts, all the while continuing to fuck her.

John and I both had two good hard rounds each and Coral later confessed that she had seven strong orgasms. The three of us became good friends and would cover for each other as we continued to secretly meet and fuck Coral without Monica's knowledge.

Monica's Cousin Coral – Part 2

Fucking Coral became a regular routine for John and me. One night, after everyone had gone to bed, I decided to go to the kitchen to get a drink of water. As I walked to the kitchen, I had to pass by Coral's bed, which was in the room adjoining the kitchen. Her room was almost like a hallway. She was awake, reached over, grabbed my pajamas, and pulled me towards her. I was scared out of my mind since Coral slept with her aunt in the same bed. She whispered "Sssssshhhhh...! Don't worry!" and pulled me beside her. I was so scared that I did not even get an erection. 

Just then her aunt turned and softly asked "Who's this?" 

Coral replied "Sssssshhhhh...! It's Mohan!" and boldly French kissed me, hard and long.

Coral's aunt squeezed the bulge in my pajamas and giggled. I was in shock, but quickly became a willing participant.

Coral pulled down my pajamas and underwear and pulled out my cock. Her aunt reached over, held my cock, and began to stroke it. My hands went under the aunt's nightdress and found her bush. She wasn't wearing any panties! I caressed the aunt's labia and inner lips which were wet by this time. Coral made me lie down on my back and got on top of me. Her aunt rubbed my cock head up and down Coral's pussy lips a few times, and guided my now stiff and erect cock into Coral's pussy. 

These rooms did not have any doors, just heavy curtains for a moderate amount of privacy. Coral moaned softly. She did not want to wake the others, especially Monica. As Coral fucked me, I played with the aunt's pussy, squeezed her medium sized boobs, and tweaked her erect nipples. This was a different experience. Coral knew how to fuck without making a lot of noise. She fucked me Cowgirl style and did all the work (work?).

After a few minutes of hard fucking, she got off me and her aunt got on top of me and slid my cock into her cunt. Surprisingly, her cunt was tight too. 

She softly moaned, "Fuck me! Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Aaaaaahhhhhh...! It's been such a long time!" and fucked me with movements identical to Coral's. 

This got me wondering. This aunt and niece had a lot of dark secrets! But I dismissed the thoughts and fucked the aunt real good. Her boobs were a little softer and her cunt was tight but not as tight as Coral's. Then she asked me to change positions. She slid under me and had me on top, and I pounded away faster and faster. I felt her cunt tighten and grip my cock harder. All of a sudden, she dug her nails on my back, and gave some fast thrusts with her hips.

She moaned "Harder! Harder! Come on, faster! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...!" Her pussy muscles tightened their grip on my cock, and I felt the gush of wetness of her pussy juices, as she had a good orgasm. 

The juices of her cum covered my cock, and I slowed down my strokes. Then the aunt said "That's enough for me, fuck Coral now." And she moved me towards Coral.

My cock was wet with the aunt's cum as I mounted Coral missionary style, and slid it to the hilt into her cunt, in one smooth movement. I could feel the difference! Coral's cunt felt much tighter and I could actually feel her cunt grip my cock like a vise. I placed both my hands under Coral's butt, drew her butt onto my cock during each in stroke and pounded away. Her aunt got off the bed and peeped around the hallway, to make sure that no one else was awake, then came back and watched my cock going in and out of Coral's cunt. 

Coral's moaning grew a little louder. "Yes! Yes! Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Lovely! Lovely!" 

Our strokes grew faster and faster. Her aunt placed two of her fingers around the base of my cock and gently squeezed it as I fucked Coral. Her other hand was covering Coral's mouth, to muffle her sounds.

Coral moaned slightly louder, "Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Aaaaaahhhhhh...! I'm cumming! Oooooooowwwwwww......! Oooooooowwwwwww......!" and tightened her cunt muscles as she squirted her pussy juices all over my cock as I kept on fucking her. 

I felt her hot cum and fucked her furiously. Suddenly my body stiffened, my cock got larger and harder, and then I ejaculated my semen in some eight strong spurts right into Coral's cunt. Her aunt got some of our juices on her fingers as I withdrew my cock and wiped it with my shirt. Then I wiped Coral's cunt with my shirt and went to the bathroom and cleaned up.

After this episode, I fucked Coral and her aunt on many more occasions. My friend John would join us sometimes. Later, I learned that in Chennai, Coral would frequently join her aunt and uncle when they were engaged in sexual activities, and enjoy the experience of threesomes. She said that her uncle's cock was big, but not as fat as John's. So that was why she and her aunt had an identical style of fucking! The summer went fast and Coral returned to Chennai with her aunt and went back to High School.

I welcome comments.