 Monica had been playing with her new vibrator. Lying back on the bed, her legs wide apart and her new nine inch toy buzzing away happily as it massaged her clit, slipping every now and then into her sopping pussy. She was nearly ready to orgasm when the doorbell chimed.

Damn, she thought. Quickly throwing on her dress, not bothering with undergarments, she headed for the door looking as fresh and innocent as a Catholic schoolgirl. 

"Hello Monica. We were just in the area and just had to visit." Karla smiled her charming grin and tossed her lovely mane of red hair as she entered the hall. Behind her a tall, rugged man followed like a muscular shadow. He was over six feet and his muscular structure indicated he worked out. Monica felt her pussy quiver as she looked into his hot blue 'come-to-bed' eyes while his small, lopsided smile promised great passion.

"This is Steve. My hot date tonight." Karla explained, her hand running briefly down the front of his chest before giving his cock a quick squeeze.

"Hi, Steve." Monica wondered how Steve would have reacted if he knew she wore nothing under her dress. It was mid thigh as it was and low cut enough that he could get a great view of her ample breasts. "Come on in, guys." She stepped back and the two visitors came into the house. Monica loved the way Karla moved. She too was muscular but in a feminine way and her butt was firm. She had high, perky breasts and loved to let them be free, unrestrained by bras. Monica fleetingly recalled the last time Karla and she had been together. Slightly tipsy and in a great mood after a night on the town, the two had gotten it together for some great sex. She could still taste Karla's sweet pussy as she thought about it.

They sat in the lounge room and talked for a while. Karla and Steve on the couch with Monica propped in her favorite chair. Monica noticed that Karla couldn't seem to leave Steve alone and her hand often wandered up his leg seeking his cock for a quick squeeze. This made her horny again and she couldn't resist positioning herself so he could get a look up her dress. It worked. He became distracted and lost the thread of his conversation while the bulge in his pants grew to an enormous size. Karla noticed his distraction and looked him up and down before following his gaze to Monica's pussy peeking out from under the skirt.

"You like that, big boy?" She purred and her hand went to his cock, stroking it through the material of his trousers. 

"Hmmmm. You bet." He replied as he allowed his legs to loll open to give her better access. Karla smiled and winked at Monica. "Naughty girl," She said laughingly to her friend. "Turning my boyfriend on like that. Now I'll have to take care of him." She winked wickedly as she slowly unzipped him and dug out his huge erect cock. "Monica and I are very close friends." She explained to him. "We fuck each other occasionally."

"Lovely." Murmured Steve. "I would love to see you guys do it while I watched."

Karla kissed him, her hand stroking his huge cock slowly while his hand sought her pussy under her dress. Monica began feeling wetter than before and let her right hand slide up her dress, her fingers tickling her hard little clit. "What do you say, Karala." She purred. "Want to put on a show for big boy?"

Karla closed her eyes and smiled. Her hand worked a little faster on Steve's jutting penis as she thought over the proposition. "Why not?" She replied. "Could be fun at that."

"Cool." Monica replied. "Let's go up to the bedroom where it's more comfortable."

* * * * *

Her bed was large. A big king size waterbed with old-fashioned head and foot boards made of brass bars. Monica slipped out of her dress and Steve grinned at the sight of her tight flesh and large, swinging tits. He reached out and fondled one of her lovely breasts while Karla shed her clothes. Monica turned and went to the bed, climbing onto it on all fours and making sure Steve got a good look at her hungry pussy. Soon both women were naked and on the bed while Steve sat in a chair nearby, also naked with his large erect cock swaying from side to side.

Monica's first kiss made Karla open her mouth and soon their tongues were intertwined. They cupped each other's breasts and massaged the nipples until both pair were erect. Monica's hand was first to explore inside Karla's thighs and she felt her body tingle as her fingers found the warm, wet pussy she had been seeking. Soon the girls were sitting facing each other, their legs wide apart as fingers slipped in and out of each other's horny wet love tunnels. Over in the chair, Steve watched and slowly masturbated, his engorged cock bobbing up and down rhythmically as he stroked it. 

Karla gently turned Monica over so that she was on all fours. She too got on all fours behind Monica and thrust her face between Monica's legs, her tongue seeking the sopping pussy that was so lovingly exposed for her. The first taste of Monica's soaking love-hole washed over Karla's tongue and she reveled in the salty taste, licking at her in long, even strokes. Karla was bobbing back and forth and thus causing her ass to gyrate in a very provocative manner. 

Steve was wanking harder now as he looked at her delicious pussy and her tight little nut-brown ass. He felt a surge of passion that he just had to give in to and got up off the chair. Still pulling hard on his huge monster cock, he got behind Karla, who was still lapping and licking at Monica's pleasure pit, and pushed the head of his cock between her legs, into her wide open pussy.

"Ooooh Steve!" She gasped as she backed herself into him, feeling his throbbing shaft slide deep into her until his balls banged up against her. With that hot piston moving in and out of her she returned to Monica's dripping pussy and began fingering and licking her energetically until Monica began moaning with the pleasure of it. Steve was leaning forward and reached under to grab hold of Monica's tits as he fucked Karla as hard as he could. Monica could feel Steve banging Karla as each thrust caused Karla's face to be pushed hard into her pussy and the lithe wet tongue flicked deeper and deeper until she could feel herself coming...

"Ooooh...Karla. I'm gonna cum!" She cried and as she said it, a huge shudder went through her body as she began squirting cum juice into Karla's mouth. Steve felt the shudders through the pair of warm, firm tits in his hands and he began to ejaculate in great gushes of sticky cum, deep into Karla. He exhausted his load and rolled off onto the bed, legs apart, his soaked cock still dripping cum down its shaft.

He lay there for about a minute, eyes closed, as he regained his breath then he opened his eyes to see that Monica and Karla were in a sixty nine position. Monica's mouth was firmly clamped over Karla's dripping pussy, licking at the mixture of Karla and Steve's cum while Karla reached over and grabbed Steve's cock, pulling him gently towards her.

"Clean up time big boy" she smiled and his eyes opened wide as his cock vanished into her wet, willing mouth. As Karla was lying a little side-on to Monica, Steve was able to lie down on his side, with his cock in Karla's mouth, and reach Monica's pussy with his face. He began licking her, working on the clit, nibbling and sucking that little organ. Soon they had licked each other clean and all sat up to catch their breath. Karla gazed lovingly at her friend Monica.

"That was only the entr‚e." She said. "We have arranged a little surprise for you."

"And what is that?" Asked Monica. She hadn't had the privilege of Steve's cock inside her and she was still feeling very horny. So much so that she found herself playing with his monster cock while Karla was speaking to her.

"Well...I can't tell you otherwise it wouldn't be a surprise." Replied Karla. She lifted a finger into the air and cocked her head as if listening for something. A few seconds passed and the doorbell chimed.

"Ah, Right on cue." She smiled. "You prepare her, Steve? I'll get the door."

Steve nodded and gathered Monica in his arms...She was still pulling on his cock and didn't resist, but she frowned a little.

"What's up? What are you doing, Steve."

"Hush. You're gonna love this, babe." He replied as he lay her on the bed. Gently he took her right arm and secured it in the velvet handcuffs that were affixed to the bed-head. He repeated this with her left arm and then her legs until she was securely handcuffed o the bed, spread-eagled and very vulnerable.

"Don't go away, now" He joked and got off the bed.

* * * * *

Karala opened the door and greeted the three men that were standing there. They admired the view of her full, swinging breasts with their erect nipples as they sidled past her into the house.

"She's upstairs. Just get your clothes off and follow me."

In a few minutes the three men were naked and Karla saw their cocks were already at attention in anticipation. She reached out with both hands and grabbed one huge monster belonging to Dave and another belonging to Alan. Since she had no hand left for Robert's cock, she bent forward and popped her mouth over it, then began to give a headjob and two handjobs simultaneously working the three men into fever pitch. 

As she worked she felt hands exploring her tits, pushing fingers into her pussy and even one finger teasing her asshole. She moaned in pleasure as the men worked on her and her legs parted. Slowly she squatted and felt a finger slide into her ass while several fingers also slid into her love-well. Her breasts were tingling from the rubbing that they were receiving at the same time. God it was gorgeous to feel six hands on you at once. But she didn't want these men to blow their loads just yet, so with great reluctance she let go of their cocks and disentangled herself from their wandering hands.

"Not this time, boys" She murmured, her finger beckoning them to the stairs. "Follow me."

* * * * *

Allan, Dave and Robert walked into the bedroom and saw Monica stretched out on the bed. Her pussy had that damp glowing look of a muff well licked and they saw she was wet again, ready for more. 

"Go on, boys. I want you to use her and then cum all over her." Karla said. "You too, Steve."

Karla lay herself in the chair to watch. She reached into a drawer in the nearby dresser and took out Monica's gold 9" vibrator. Flicking the switch she pushed the humming phallus into her eager pussy and began massaging her 'g' spot.

Over on the bed, Monica's head swiveled left and right looking at the four strong, hard dicks that waved nearby.

Steve began by thrusting his cock into her mouth, grabbing the side of her head and pushing his big plunger in. Her tongue responded by lapping at his shaft and she began sucking on his knob as if she wanted to drain his spuds right there and then. 


Robert took the initiative and pushed his cock into her pussy, he began fucking her fast and hard while her hands sought out Alan and Dave's cocks, one on each side of her, and began jerking them off.

The four men switched places often. Their cocks sought her mouth, her pussy, her tight little ass and her tits...fucking her, stroking her body. She had two cocks in her mouth one minute and a cock up her ass the next and the fucking seemed to go on forever.

From the chair, Karla's moans of ecstasy drowned out the noise of the vibrator as she worked herself into an orgasm looking at the flashing cocks and hairy asses as the boys ravaged her friend. Then it became obvious that the men were close to cumming.


Karla dropped the vibrator and crossed to the bed. She tapped each man on the shoulder and they all got off Monica and stood around her. 

"Okay, boys. Time for her big surprise." She said and grabbed two of the nearest cocks. "On my lead, lets do it..."

Karla began jerking Dave's and Steve's cocks in fast, rhythmic movements while Allan and Robert arched back and began furiously pulling on their own. Four cocks bobbed frantically up and down as hands worked like pistons on them...Then the men all began to groan as they approached climax.

"Okay guys...This is it!" Karla called out. She gave the two cocks one last series of rapid jerks and then stretched them forward as the other two men did the same with theirs.

Four big cocks blew their loads simultaneously. The air over Monica was suddenly filled with milky, sticky jizm arching and streaking downwards. Hot, wet spoof splashed onto her face...in her mouth, across her heaving tits. Puddles appeared on her belly and ropy strands fell across her pussy, trickling down onto her ass. Wad after wad of it came from the four pumping cocks and Karla's tongue licked at the knobs randomly trying to get a taste of all four loads.

When it was over the four men turned and walked from the room, silently as prearranged, leaving Karla alone with Monica. Cum dripped from her nose and covered her face. White globs covered her nipples and belly while long drips of spoof trickled inside the groove of her pussy and ass. She smiled through the wetness at Karla who straddled her and began licking it all off her face before kissing her. Monica felt Karla's tongue in her mouth and tasted the sweet, salty taste of the load that had been licked from her face.

"This is our time, Monica" Karla whispered. "I'm going to lick every drop off your body and we will eat it together. Share it like good friends should."

"Hmmmmm." Monica moaned, her eyes sparkling. She couldn't answer as Karla's tongue was inside her mouth again...