 Pam and I walked to the dock in the evening, down a short trail through the woods. It was midweek and there were even fewer people at the lake than there were on the weekends, when one would only see a few canoes and the occasional motorboat. It was June and the days were long but not especially warm yet. Pam wore faded jeans and flipflops on her tanned feet and a white v-neck tshirt. As I walked behind her, I thought of her body beneath her clothes. I followed the muscles on her back down to her waist, where her beltless jeans fit her well. Her bottom was tight and I could see the curve of her inside those soft jeans. Her legs were strong, from years of running. We'd only been married for a few years and were still very much in love.

We walked out on the dock and saw that a full moon was rising above the trees across the lake. In the dusky light Pam's face was golden and tan and the slight chill in the late afternoon shade affected her nipples, naked under the white shirt. The top button on her jeans was undone. Her hair was pulled back from her face and her teeth were white – I saw them often because she smiled frequently. Around her neck hung a small silver necklace with a turquoise stone. She was comfortable with her body and her sexuality, which she knew had an effect on me and on other men.

We stood quietly in the dusk at the end of a wooden dock which jutted out into a lake in northern Montana. There was little of the heat of the day left and the sky was a deep blue. Her tan face was lovely in this light. We were at the cabin of a friend for a few days of rest and love, mostly love and the cabin provided us with a level of luxury they were unused to. We'd shared some champagne before coming to the dock and were feeling that perfect lifting and lightness that a little alcohol provided. We'd had a great time so far this week – cooking together and laughing and tasting everything.

We were expecting Pam's old friend Mindy to arrive at some point. Mindy would be staying at the cabin next door, and we were not sure when she'd arrive. I was happy to be alone with Pam, as a matter of fact, especially on this fantastic night. There were no words that we needed to say – we both appreciated the loveliness around us.

Pam's bottom was tight and small but round. I'd seen it earlier in the day as she lay in the sun on the dock – her skin barely covered by the small pieces of cloth that were her swimsuit. 

My cock had half hardened then and was hardening again now. I slipped my hands between her jeans and her skin and realized that she wore no underwear. I moved my hands up to touch her nipples and they pushed into my fingers. My cock, bare against the cloth of my soft, well worn khakis, became thicker and heavy.

"Would you go for a swim with me?" Pam asked.

I knew she'd step out of her jeans and pull her top off and swim whether I joined her or not. For a moment I pondered the prospect of just watching her – her slim and athletic body slipping into the water and stroking out a few yards from the dock, her legs spreading to kick and rolling over to float a bit, looking back at me.

"Sure," I said.

Her hands were already pulling her jeans down over her butt and then she was standing in front of me, tan skin from the waist down and white tshirt on top. She smiled at me and reached for the zipper on my pants. She noticed at that moment that my cock was growing and she was careful as she zipped. My growing erection sprang free as she pulled the khakis down and I was a little embarrassed.

"How can I swim with this" I said.

"You do the backstroke and I'll hold on" she said.

As my pants came down, she quickly leaned over and licked and kissed the tip of my cock and pulled it into her mouth, warm and still hardening. I gasped and my heart beat faster. I unbuttoned my white shirt and she stood to pull hers over her head. Then we just looked at each other – the embarrassment gone, and just love in our eyes. We laughed, and she turned and climbed down the ladder into the lake and I followed her. The cool water felt good against my skin and my hard cock relaxed some. The lake was dark and the ripples we caused as we entered the water broke the reflection of the moon.

I followed her as she swam out from the dock, unafraid and strong. Pam was at home and comfortable in nature. It was one of the qualities that endeared her to me. I could see her shoulders and her muscles were clear as she stroked. I stopped to check the depth of the water and realized that it was deep – my feet extended down into the cool.

We swam a few minutes and then returned to the dock and when it was shallow enough, we stood on the sandy bottom. The lake water suddenly felt cold and I remember that it came down from the mountains. We embraced and kissed, Pam's tongue pushing between my lips as if she were exploring her own sex. Her tongue licked my lips slowly, around my mouth, and then pushed inside again. I sucked her in farther and the heat of this kiss spread through our bodies.

As she climbed up onto the dock, I admired her body again. She leaned over to pick up her clothes and slipped into her flip flops. Her hair dripped lake water from the bottom of her ponytail and she smiled and shivered. There were distinct tan lines above her small breasts and at her waist.

We heard a voice calling as we climbed out of the lake. It was Mindy – even though we'd expected her, it was a surprise to see her at that moment. Pam grabbed her clothes and looked up to see Mindy standing near her dock.

"Hello guys – I seem to have lost the power over here – I haven't figured out how to get the lights on. Nice welcome."

My first thought – oh no, I'll have to help her and I have other things on my mind right now. I was pulling on my pants, and Pam had gotten back into her jeans and top. I was partly embarrassed and partly annoyed and just a little part of me was excited that Mindy had seen us climbing naked out of the lake. I wondered how much she'd seen.

Pam walked over and gave Mindy a warm hug – they reconnected as if no time had passed at all. They talked and laughed while I got on my shirt and when I joined them, Pam was asking her if she'd like to join us for a cup of tea while we thought about what to do with her cabin. Pam and I, as guests, too, weren't familiar with the place.

Mindy quickly agreed. I had the feeling that she was a little nervous being at the cabin alone. It is darker than a city person can imagine in the mountain woods at night, the stars shining in the sky in numbers that are unbelievable. So she came over to our path and followed us up to the cabin. Once inside, I got a better look at her – dark hair, trimmed short as a boy's, slim, pale skin. She did not look like an outdoorswoman, but she was pretty and had an easy smile.

Pam put water on for tea. I was thinking of something stronger and reached for bottle of cognac that I knew was in the cupboard. Mindy looked interested and I asked her if she wanted a drink.

"I'd love one – it's been a long day" she said.

So we all sipped on the cognac in front of the fire as Mindy told us of her flight into Missoula and the drive to the lake. The drink spread a warmth down my throat and throughout my body and I assumed that it had the same effect on the women. Which was good because I was a bit chilled – my shirt was damp still and I wanted to be warm. I got up to go change just as Pam said that she was going to put her pajamas on.

"Please go ahead," said Mindy. "I won't stay long but it is so pleasant here, thank you for having me over."

I told her to relax, that we'd figure the power in her cabin when she went home, and that Pam and I would be back in a minute. And we left her lounging by the fire, cognac in hand, looking very comfortable. As soon as we were in the bedroom, Pam grabbed me and kissed me. I guess we were still a bit aroused from our touches before and during the erotic swim. Her hands went to my zipper and she carefully lowered it and pulled my pants down, freeing my cock again.

Again, she kissed the tip of my cock. This time, though, she stopped and looked up at me. She began to speak, then stopped.

"What?" I asked.

"I was thinking," she said "Mindy is scared – why don't we let her stay here? We can get her settled tomorrow morning in her cabin. "

"Well, ok, I guess," I said, "but I was hoping you and I would be doing something with this." I waved my swelling cock.

"OK," she said, "Leave that to me" and she wrapped herself in a white towel and quickly left the room.

I was left alone, wondering what was going on. I knew Pam was adventurous, a kind of 'I'll try anything once' kind of person. And, after all, she was sociable and loved to host a party.

I slipped into flannel drawstring pants after trying to contain my sizeable erection in small Calvin Klein underwear. The tip of my cock, the top couple inches, poked up through the waistband towards my navel. It felt like I was bigger than I'd ever been – incredibly turned on by what I imagined might happen next.

On the other hand, I thought, maybe Mindy has already left, shocked and disgusted by Pam's suggestion. Whatever it was. I was completely unsure of what I'd see as I walked out to the warm and cozy living room of the cabin. I paused a moment and wondered and thought.

Pam and Mindy were sitting close to each other on the sofa. The towel covered Pam's body – she also wore nubbly cream colored sox – her feet tended to get cold. Mindy had a kind of shy smile as I entered the room, but it was genuine and warm. She invited me to sit beside her so that she was between Pam and I. "Thanks so much for letting me stay overnight," she said. "I'll let you guys go ahead with your plans in a bit..."

Pam and Mindy talked a bit about what was going on in their lives and we refilled the cognac glasses. A few sips of good cognac are enough to relax a person nicely and it was good just listening to the happy voices of women.

There was a pause in the conversation and Mindy said "I'm starting to feel a bit overdressed." She was getting warmer, I could tell. She pulled her fleece jacket over her head, leaving her in shorts and a tshirt. I could see that she was wearing a bra – her breasts were slightly larger than Pam's. Pam took the jacket and tossed it onto a chair behind her. In the process, the towel around her loosened and opened a bit.

Mindy looked at Pam's body. "You're in great shape," she said to Pam, but as she said it, she laid a hand on my thigh. I wondered who she was talking to. It felt as if she were completing an electrical connection between Pam and I because I felt a charge go through my body and ended up at my straightening and strengthening cock.

Pam reached for Mindy's top and pulled it up over her head. Her short hair was messed a little and she had a twinkle in her eye as she ran her fingers through it. She wore a white bra with lace – it was pretty and revealed lovely breasts. Her stomach was flat and she reached to unbutton her shorts.

We had stopped talking but each of us seemed to be humming a bit – admiring bodies, the familiar and the new, the differences, the tan skin next to the pale, the small breasts of Pam with their prominent nipples peaking out from the unraveling towel; the slightly larger breasts under Mindy's bra, my own body a contrast to theirs, hard next to their softness.

Pam leaned over Mindy and put her hand on my crotch and pulled the drawstring on my pants. Mindy's hand was there as well and my cock was popping entirely out of the ridiculously small underpants. I was having a little trouble breathing, still surprised to find myself in this situation. The women's hands cooperated to pull at the pants – one taking down the flannel pants and the other pulling at the underwear. I lifted my hips and both slid down, exposing my cock.

"Oh my," said Mindy with a smile.

"My favorite cock," said Pam with a bigger smile, "isn't it beautiful."

I blushed as my cock bobbed on its own, amazed at its luck.

Pam moved over to me and kneeled between my legs. At the tip of my erect cock there was a clear drop of precum and Pam licked around it and then stuck her tongue into the hole and reached for that drop and any more of that liquid that she seemed to love – it is scarce, not like the spurt of come that would shoot out later – and it seemed to have a special effect on her. Her hand squeezed the cock and a bit more of the liquid appeared which she sucked out. I thought of the times that she'd sucked me until I came and she'd watched the spurt shoot onto her chest. She seemed pleased whenever it happened in a way that she could watch it.

My fingers were running through Pam's hair, and she reached out for Mindy's shorts and those were gone quickly, revealing small white underpants that matched the bra. One of the straps of the bra had slipped off to one side and I reached behind Mindy to unhook it and it fell into her lap. She flicked it away and her hand moved into her pants as she began to massage her pussy gently. She'd not taken her eyes off Pam's head as it moved up and down on my now glistening cock. Mindy moaned quietly and Pam hummed, giving me an additional vibration, although my whole body was now abuzz.

Pam grabbed my hands and pulled me to the floor, where she turned and gave her pussy to my mouth. I was happy to be able to taste her, a familiar and lovely flavor – her pussy was wet, dripping her rich and musky and warm taste – I couldn't get enough. Pam kept her pussy hair short, almost shaved, so that I could see her lips and they were very welcoming to my own tongue.

Pam's mouth was still on my cock, her tongue and her lips working together. I guess I'd almost forgotten about Mindy when another sensation came over me. At first I thought it was Pam's hand, but it was Mindy licking my smooth balls. She took one, then the other in her mouth, gently rolling them around, getting them as wet as I assumed her own pussy was. I stuck my tongue deeper in Pam's pussy, and sucked on her clit, and all was swollen and warm and the movement of her hips quickened as she fucked my tongue.

My hands were on Pam's breasts, their nipples erect and hard. I loved to feel them when she was in this position. I pulled on her nipples gently. Her head bobbed up and down and we were fucking with our mouths and my hard cock and her soft pussy were both dripping wet. Having two tongues on my cock and balls was making me faint with pleasure.

Pam rotated suddenly. I think she could feel me about to come. She grabbed my hands again and pulled me up to my knees. Pam likes to be fucked while she is standing and I like it, too. I stood up and noticed that Mindy was lying on the floor, watching us, still touching herself, her eyes full and her mouth open, lips wet. Having her there, a few inches away as Pam and I made love, was a thrill for me. I pulled Pam's bottom up and I slipped easily into her. I'd never been so hard, never so large. Pam gasped and for a moment we just stayed still, my cock deep inside her, hitting the end of her vagina. 

Pam's feet, still in sox, were supported on the sofa and a coffee table and I held her up as she began to ride up and down on my cock. She leaned her head back and she moaned. Mindy apparently couldn't take just watching and came over to us. She began to lick my cock and my balls and Pam's pussy and anus and there was too short a time before I felt the explosion of come inside Pam, who at the same time cried out, her pussy clutching me. Mindy's tongue continued to lick us both as we slowed down, as come began to drip down out of Pam's pussy. Mindy seemed eager to lick it all up. My body felt as if it had been shocked by electricity and I was suddenly unable to stand. We lowered down to the floor, and the three of us lay there, hearts beating wildly.

Pam and I were slightly sweaty, drenched in the perfume of sex. Mindy lay beside us, her underpants now gone. Her own pussy had been trimmed into a small strip of dark hair, the lips exposed and swollen. The middle finger of her right hand was still inside her pussy, although I could see that at least two of her fingers were very wet. Her hand moved gently as she massaged herself.

Gradually, we quieted. No one spoke. Pam reached for a blanket that was big enough to cover all of us. I held her, my love, and listened to the breathing of both women as they drifted off to sleep.