 It's been a month since our incredible day of sex and I'm ready for another day and I'm sure Nick and Eric are also. I told them both that I don't see a problem with us getting together but once a month should be more than enough and they didn't quarrel with that at all. They don't look at everything when it comes to sex so I have too, I think with the right head!

I send Eric an e-mail and he promptly responds and lets me know he'll be over around 11:00. This is good since Nick is at the store right now but should be home shortly and I can shower. I'll leave him a note to let him know. 

The shower feels good and I'm all lathered up when the shower curtain is pulled back, it's Nick. He's standing there naked and asks if there is room for him. I smile and beg him to join me. As I'm rinsing off I feel him massaging my back side and rubbing his hard dick on my ass. As I'm standing there enjoying the feeling I feel his finger enter my vagina as the water trickles over me, it all feels very good. Nick removes his finger and replaces it with his dick and proceeds to fuck me and I give no resistance. It feels so good having the water pouring over me and my morning sausage being feed to my pussy. 

I start to rub my clit while Nick is filling and fucking me with his absolutely perfect dick. I'm getting wet and it's not the shower that is causing it, well part of it is anyway but I'm ready to explode as I soon find out Nick is too. He pulls his dick out just enough so that the head of his dick is just in the entrance of my pussy and lets his load go. "OOH" I say as I feel the head of his dick pulsing against my vaginal entrance and it is just what I need to finish my own orgasm. I let it go and it feels so good as Nick shoves his dick in me and lets it rest there while I finish.

I must admit that since our threesome with Eric, lovemaking between Nick and I has become very passionate and intense. If this is the side effects of our threesomes then I am all for it, heck, I'm in a win-win situation. I've known that just talk of it increases Nick's passion and I haven't for a couple of years even wanted that. Now I wonder why, how could I have been so blind?

With the two of us cleaned up and dressed, well let's say barely, he in silk boxers and me silk undies and nothing else. We sit on the couch with a cup of coffee talking about just such issues while waiting for Eric. The note I left for Nick and the thought of what was going to happen is why I got my appetizer. I could really get used to this. He asks if I enjoy our monthly episodes and I tell him "yes". I ask him the same question and his response is a yes with a smile just as mine was. 

There's one knock at the door and then it comes open with Eric walking through. He is smiling as he says his hello's and puts his beer in the refrigerator. As he comes back to the living room he looks at both of us and tells us he feels out of place as he is undressing, being the only one with cloths on. This is so good, two handsome men, both of whom I desire and lust for are getting naked in front of me and will make me the center of attention for the nest 4 hours. 

I sit here looking at Eric standing before me naked with a gorgeous hard on and I want it. I look at Nick sitting in his boxers with a smile on his face as he tells me to go for it. I grab Eric's ass cheeks and pull him to me and start to work on his swelled member. It feels good in my mouth and tastes great. I feel his hands on my head following the motions of my head as I suck his dick while still holding his ass cheeks using them as handles. I'm not sure what Nick is doing but I'm sure he is enjoying this and so are we. 

Eric is starting to pump my mouth by now and giving me large samples of his love potion which I eagerly take. I move to his balls, his sack hanging low, I take his balls in my mouth and when I do he lets out a loud boisterous moan. With that I suck his balls harder and he lets me know he loves it. I could have figured that out by the amount of "icing" on the head of his dick. The harder I suck his balls the more of it that pours out. After a few minutes of this I let his balls hang and lick the juices that are now all over him as well as me. The taste is good and I want more.

As I go down all the way on him I feel a small spurt and realize he may be ready to go. With this I start to suck and pump his dick with my mouth milking his dick for everything I can get out of it and waiting for the pay off. The pay off, I want it and I'm going to get it. 

His flow is regular and plenty of it, coating my mouth well with his seed. He's throbbing, I feel it, he's ready. I go down on him all the way and wait for my reward, feeling him throbbing and pulsing in my mouth and against the back of my mouth I feel the head of his dick throbbing. After a few very short seconds of this it's here, my treat. It's good I think to myself as I feel it hit the back of my mouth and trickle to my belly while my mouth sucks him dry. 

As he pulls his semi hard member out of my mouth he gently lifts me to the couch and starts to pull my undies off. As he is doing this he is kissing my body. With this and the anticipation of what will happen I start getting wet. My undies are at my ankles and so are his lips, still kissing and nibbling me. As he pulls them over my feet he kisses and nibbles my toes. This is Nick's specialty I know but I didn't expect this from Eric. I look over at Nick and he has one hand in his boxers with a wet spot on them. He is loving this and I'm going to go with it. Eric starts to suck my toes while one of his hands is fondling my pussy and I am in heaven again.

Eric starts his way back up my legs and pauses at my thighs while still fingering my pussy. With all of this my pussy is getting wet as he moves to lick my wet love box. I pull his head into me and moan. I'm sitting here on the edge of the couch with a belly full of his seed, legs spread and his face and tongue in my pussy while my husband is watching and enjoying it himself. 

Eric has his tongue flickering my clit while his finger is fucking my hole and getting wetter by the minute. I feel myself floating as he does this and then I feel more, a pleasurable pressure on my anus. He isn't penetrating it, yet, but putting pressure on it while his tongue is pleasuring my clit and his other finger is pleasuring my vagina and it feels good. 

He's working me over good fucking my ass with just the tip of his finger and his other finger fucking my vagina while I coat his tongue with my cum and beg him to fuck me. He won't stop and while I don't mind I do want his dick in me. I'm feeling like I'm ready to explode and as I gaze over to Nick he looks as if he may too! I want his cum, I don't want any of it to go to waste and I ask him for it. He is more than eager to comply with my wish as he approaches me and rubs my lips with the cum soaked head of his dick.

I part my lips and take him, savoring every drop of his sweet cum while my ass and pussy are still being tended too by Eric and Nick is intently watching and giving me more of his sweet juices. It's too much, I feel it happening and let them know. Eric continues without missing a beat as I cum all over his face. Ooh that feels good I think to myself as I feel Eric lighten his touch. It must have had an affect on Nick as he pushes his dick into my mouth deep and I feel his cum splash against the back of my throat. So sweet tasting and so much of it and I take every drop. 

Eric has his hands on my waist rubbing his hard dick on my clit, it feels wonderful but I want that hard piece of meat in me. As he fondles my breast with one hand he uses his other to guide his hard, beautiful dick into my love tunnel rubbing the entrance of my vagina as he starts to slide that beautiful piece of meat into me. He runs it in me slowly as Nick is watching with enthusiasm, I myself look down and watch as Eric's 8" of man meat slowly disappears into me, my pussy enveloping it like a glove, my body taking it like a kid does candy. 

He feels so good, his dick filling me like a Thanksgiving dinner. His strokes are slow, long and gentle at first as he works my pussy with is dick and my breasts with his hands. I place my hands on his side and pull him to me, motioning, no, begging for him to fuck me hard and fast. He starts to fulfill my wishes as his pace picks up and I feel him bottom out inside me, hitting my cervix yet again like the last time. I could stay like this all day! I hope I do most of the day anyway. 

Eric is filling my pussy good and fucking me like there is no tomorrow and it feels great. I lift my legs and spread them bending them at the knees with my feet behind him, he's going deeper into me if that is possible and I love it. He's pumping my pussy with his fat dick hard and fast and I feel myself floating, a tingling feeling coming over me. I'm about to have an orgasm again, what a day this will be! It's happening, an orgasm, I feel myself get wet as Eric slows his pounding assault on my pussy and allows me to orgasm to the max and I do. As I slowly regain my composure he picks up the pace on his thorough assault on my pussy and I gladly welcome it. 

I look down to watch him going in and out of me and I must admit, Nick is right, it is a wonderful sight. Watching Eric's dick shine with our cum and sliding into me feels like ecstasy and looks so erotic as I look up to him and pull him to me and kiss his lips, he responds without hesitation. This all feels so wonderful, his lips on mine, his dick in me and in me it is! I feel the head of his dick in my cervix with every stroke and it is great. 

He pulls his lips from mine as his strokes are getting faster and deeper and I wonder if the time is near. It is, I feel it as well as see it in his face as I look to him and tell him to give me all of it and deep. He plunges his manhood deep into me, penetrating my cervix with the head of his dick. I use my feet and push his buns so his dick will penetrate me deep and stay there. With this I feel his dick gushing its fluids deep into me as I hear Nick telling him to pump my pussy full of cum. That is just what he does too, I feel what I swear would be a couple of loads spurting into me, splashing my insides warming them up. I hold him in me for a moment while he gains his wits about him and kiss him lightly thanking him. 

As he pulls his manhood out of me I feel my pussy leaking cum from the two of us. Nick has a towel there for me and I use it to clean up some while the two of us almost collapse from exhaustion. 

Nick looks like he is ready but I need a quick break and he senses this as he gets up to go for a smoke and we follow. This will be another great day I see this already. Two great men, two beautiful dicks and one woman with a cock hungry pussy, and mouth!