 (Names have been changed to protect the willing. B = my husband. Hope everyone enjoys. This one is a fantasy of mine yet to actually happen but will one day. Maybe this will be Christmas to cum.

Your votes and comments are appreciated.)

*

This Christmas I decided to give my husband a special present. I'd promised this particular gift ever since we'd started dating. I'd always told him about the girl in college that I'd fooled around with some. My husband and I have six years of marriage under our belt. He's been a great partner having a guy over every once in a while to have threesomes with us. It turns him on so much to see me with another guy. I've been a part of a few of them. She was a very sexy woman. Laura was tall and curvy with long dark chestnut hair that cascaded down to the middle of her back. She was so feminine. She always wore skirts and blouses or dresses, and always with stockings. 

Laura and I were very close in college and we'd kept in touch with each other over the years. She wasn't married herself but had several boyfriends over the years. I admit my pussy just soaked at the memory of us together still. I loved to lie between her legs. She had the smoothest little pussy. Her lips were small and delicate. She was always so tight. She was wild in the sack and to top it all off she was coming to visit us for the holidays. 

Now I will admit that I already arranged it with her that we would both seduce each other one night. The plan was that the three of us end up in bed together and have things proceed from there. I'd also told her how hot and talented my husband was. She had a thing for tattoos and my husband has several of them. 

Of course a good majority of men have a threesome fantasy that includes them and two women. Well, I figured it was time to make good on that promise. Laura came over on Christmas Eve. My husband and I were in the kitchen putting in the ham that we were going to serve the next day. All of the sudden there was a knock at the front door. I opened the door and there stood Laura with her overnight bag, her purse, and a bottle of wine. 

She smiled at us both and bounced into our house. I gave her a big hug and then introduced her to my husband. I could tell that as she hugged him hello they found each other attractive. She had on the ultimate little black dress. There was a sprig of mistletoe playfully tucked behind her left ear. My husband noticed and planted a big kiss on her lips. 

We all sat down on the couch in the living room. My husband and I smiled at each other as we both turned to watch Laura cross her legs rather seductively. Her dress rose up momentarily and the snaps of her garterbelt and the tops of her stockings showed. My husband was always a sucker for garterbelts. We laughed all at the same time. Laura had chose to wear a hot pink bra and panties set with matching garterbelt. She turned to face me and she put her hand on my thigh. I was just wearing panties and a nightie. My husband was wearing a pair of shorts. Laura started stroking my thigh and I reached over and started to slide my hands up under her dress. I pushed her dress up around her waist. Laura rose up from the couch and sat in my lap, her legs straddling mine. My hubby got up and showed his finesse with zippers and had her dress on the floor in a few moments afterward. 

I reached behind her and unhooked her bra. My husband sat back down beside us. We both licked our lips as we saw Laura's breasts bounce free of their sling. Her nipples were small and hard. I gasped as I noticed that she had pierced them both and had small rings with red bows on them that adorned her beautiful bosom. "Oh my what a lovely present," I exclaimed. 

Laura laughed with glee as she scampered down the hallway to our bedroom. We looked at each other and we took that as our cue to adjourn to the bedroom. I started down the hallway shimmying out of my nightie and panties. Glancing back I saw my husband kick his shorts off as he made his way behind me. We both walked into the doorway and there she was laid out in our bed like a pinup model in her panties, garterbelt, and stockings.

B slid onto the bed. He sat up with his back against the headboard of the bed. Laura rolled over a little toward him and laid her head right in his lap. I crawled in between her legs. I had her garterbelt and stockings off in moments. Then I pretended to start to eat her pussy through her panties. I slipped my hands underneath the elastic on her undies and pulled them down in a flash. I rubbed my palms together to get them nice and toasty and then I rubbed them over her clean-shaven sex. Thinking to myself how does she get it so bare. I started to rub my fingers up and down her pussy lips moving them back and forth softly. All three of us could hear how wet she was. Suddenly, B reached under a pillow and took out a silken cord. Laura had her arms stretched up above her head. It was easy for him to bind her wrists together. He also pulled out a short but fat vibrator and slid that down the bed to me. I turned it on and started to rub the noisy little sucker over her protruding clitoris. Laura always loved playing the role of the damsel in distress. She struggled and moaned so nicely. I grasped her clit in between my lips. Subtly I grazed my teeth over her little bud and watched her tremble and squeal. I slowly eased the vibrator in and out of her sex. "Show me you want it sweetie, let me hear you squeal, Oh yes," I told her.

Laura got up on her hands and knees. B unbound her hands. Then, she, all of the sudden deep throated the entire length of my husband's cock. Talk about wow. I never realized how erotic it would be to watch another woman with us. 

I crawled further onto the bed playing catch the kitty. Laura has a habit of wiggling her luscious bottom while she schlurps. And boy, is she vocal when she sucks. I crane my neck upwards and just started to lick every inch of her pussy lips. When my tongue got to her clit I decided to write the alphabet one letter at a time. I licked with long and deliberate strokes. This only made her suck his cock harder and faster. I could tell that he was truly enjoying this moment. He had his fingers entangled into her soft silken tresses. I could see his hands slightly pressed down one on her head, the other on her shoulder. Laura and I were both greedy cock sluts and could never get enough. 

I patted her on the back softly. This was our little signal we had discussed beforehand to switch places. "He wants to get a taste of your sweet honey pot." She giggled and set up to the top of the bed next to the headboard. She spread her legs and brought her knees slightly up close to her body. Then she slowly beckoned to my husband for him to come and sample her wares. 

He crawled up and took over where I had left off. He started to dart his tongue in and out of her little wet love pot. He just loved the way her sweet nectar tasted. I crawled up and under my husband's spread thighs and took up where she left off. I began to suck his balls, one at a time into my mouth. Delicately moving them around with my tongue, as if they were jawbreakers. I knew that she was close to coming. I started to suck his cock faster and harder. His balls were at this point pretty much bouncing on my chin. 

Laura screamed and groaned and grasped the headboard with her hands as she orgasmed. I could hear my hubby lapping up her juices. This was the straw that broke the proverbial camel's back. His cock shot off five or six large spurts of cum. I almost had to struggle to drink it all down. A few drops that I didn't catch dribbled down my chin. I used my fingers to lap up the remaining delicious drops. 

I could have never guessed that I'd feel so hot about seeing my husband and another woman together. I always thought I would be seeing the little green eyed monster jealousy. But this whole experience made me see why he felt so aroused occasionally seeing me with another guy. Seeing your spouse pleasured and being involved in the action as well. It's just something you have to experience to understand. 

I rolled over and began to playfully suck Lauren's right breast and catch my tongue in her nipple ring and gently pull at it. I looked up at her and said, "Told you it was going to be fun, now we could invite, my chocolate friend I've been telling you about," I winked at her. 

B laughed and rolled over to look at us. "So darling, just how many of our sexual exploits have you told her about?"

I just smiled at him and gave him and made a halo symbol over my head with my hands. That made them both start to laugh. "How bout it honey, game for a foursome?"

After that it was just a race to see who could get to the phone first.