 Several friends had long since discussed taking a trip to the outdoors, but it had become a subject of much talk but little action. Finally everyone's schedules seemed to align and plans were forged. Soon a beautiful little lakeside campsite was rented, and the date was set. 

The first few couples arrived at the campsite during the cool hours of late afternoon. The warm grass and shady grove was situated on a piece of land that jutted out into the water, surrounding it on three sides by the reflective lake. The only way onto their little paradise was a snaking dirt road or the small boat dock by the water. Tents began to be erected near the thin tree line along the side of the site, and a few of the men began building what would be the fire for the night. After the tents were built, they began pulling out the coolers and food for that nights dinner. Once the fire was ready, they all gathered around and cooked a variety of campfire classics. 

The lake was in a public wildlife park and had several houses dotted along its shores, but the tree line along the edge of the camp and distance between it and the nearest house gave the group of friends plenty of privacy and freedom to relax. Soon the air was filled with the sound of laughter and music. One of the guys had brought a guitar and was joined by a few interchanging people singing various songs. Some of the girls pulled their partners up and danced to the music, sometimes more provocatively than the lyrics were intended. As the sunset faded and the last light slid past the horizon people cuddled together around the fire. The man and his guitar were eventually replaced by a stereo that someone had set up playing upbeat rhythms. 

Most of the friends had known each other a long time. One of the girls, a gorgeous brunette named Janet stood up, untangling herself from her partner, Daniel's arm, "It's still pretty warm out. I'm going to go for a swim. Anyone care to join me?" With that she gave a sly look across the group and several stood to join her. 

"I'm in," said Amy, one of the few single people there.

"Me too," added Leanne who handed her drink to her boyfriend. 

A couple others joined them and they headed down to the docks. Once there the began stripping off their clothes. Amy looked around hesitantly at the four other girls dropping every bit of their garments to the deck of the dock. 

"I thought we were going to need bathing suits. I wore mine under my clothes..." She said sheepishly. 

The girls giggled and Leanne, now naked stepped over to the shy girl, "We've all known each other for years. It'll be fine, here I'll show you." With that she slipped her hands into Amy's shorts and slipped them down to the girls ankles. Once she had removed them, she ran her hands back up Amy's legs and under her shirt, pulling it off as well. The timid girl felt a little uncomfortable when Leanne pulled the strings of her bikini top, but once her bare breasts were exposed to the evening air, her excitement overtook her anxiety. She could barely stand still while her thin bottoms were slid off her waist, Leanne's hands lingering around Amy's moistening bits. 

"See, not so bad, right?" Leanne said, a seductive smile adorning her face. 

Amy blushed and covered her pointing nipples with her hands, "I don't know... I've never done anything like this before." 

Janet led her to the edge of the dock. "It's the same as regular swimming, just... More free," she told her. 

Together they all jumped into the cold water and yelped as their bodies adjusted to the shock of the splash. Soon they were all giggling and splashing with each other, periodically climbing back onto the dock to jump back in, their pointed breasts bouncing in the clear lake water. After a long while, Amy swam over to Leanne, who was leaning against the dock holding on with one hand and treading water slightly. 

"This was more fun that I could have dreamed of!" She said, no longer shy, "Its very cold though." 

Leanne reached out with her free hand, "Come here, I'll warm you up." 

Amy hesitated but soon pulled herself up against her. Their legs wrapped together, and she felt her breasts meet her friends. It felt good to cuddle so close to someone underwater and she soon felt herself warm back up. The rest of the girls soon joined them on the edge of the dock while everyone caught their breath and took in the bright moonlight. Leanne looked around and motioned for everyone to come close. They all leaned in, their naked bodies rubbing against each other slightly.

"So we have all known each other for as long as any of us can remember, right?" Leanne asked. A murmur of agreements came back from the group, "Now some of us are married, some in relationships, and some still looking, but we are all still as close as ever. So I wanted to ask something but it's kind of embarrassing."

They all looked at her quizzically, even Amy, who was still clutching her naked friend. "Just spit it out!" Janet said.

Leanne looked around, searching for the right way to phrase it, "John and I have been talking recently and we were wondering if you would want to help us become a bit more adventurous. He wants to know what it's like to make love to other women, but I don't want him to just go out and find some stranger, and to be honest I would like to see what it out there too." She saw a slew of curious looks aimed in her direction and decided to just power through, "Don't get me wrong, John is the one for me. No one makes me happier. Mixing it up just sounds like fun and he agrees. Plus with all of our closest friends here, what better way to play than with love and trust?" The girls were silent for a bit and Leanne feared she may have only succeeded in embarrassing herself. 

Eventually Janet spoke up, "To be perfectly honest, me and Daniel have had very similar conversations." 

"I'm in," said Amy, surprising everyone, "What? Im suddenly feeling adventurous too."

With that the girls climbed out of the lake and wrapped themselves in their towels. When they climbed back up to the campfire, they found that John had introduced the topic as well and had received an equally agreeable response. It wasn't long before the invisible ties that kept set couples seated together disappeared and different combinations of the friends began pairing off. Leanne looked over to her husband John gently kissing Mary, one of the girls that had stayed when they had left to swim. His hands slid up under her skirt causing her to arch her back slightly, all the while she was pulling apart the clasp at his pants. Leanne was surprised that instead of jealousy, she felt an excitement for him. Smiling, she let him enjoy his prize. 

She walked over to the table to grab a new beer, and Janet's boyfriend Daniel came up to her, "I see John is enjoying himself, Janet too presumably. I haven't seen her in a while."

Leanne nodded while handing Daniel a fresh drink, "Ya I think I saw her head into the blue tent with Toby and Mack." 

Daniel smiled, a look of impressed surprise on his face, "Then I bet she is having a blast," he turned to her, "I don't see you with anyone. Got your eyes on anything?"

She turned to him, setting her beer down, "You could say that..." She slid her arms around his sides, grabbing handfuls of his shirt and pulled him into a gentle but deep kiss. He reciprocated immediately, taking her head in his hand and dancing his tongue with hers. Soon he was pulling at her still damp towel which remained as her only covering. She quickly took his hand to stop him, "Let's find someplace more private." He nodded and she pulled him into the nearest tent, almost knocking over Amy who had been inside.

Leanne yelped and laughed at being startled, "What are you doing in here? The fun is out there!"

Amy brushed her hair back, "The towel look works great for you obviously, but I figured I should change into something a bit different before I try my chances. What do you think?" She had ditched her wet towel for a black skirt that was short in the front and long in the back, perfect for framing her beautiful long legs, and she had ditched the idea of a bra, instead choosing an off the shoulder slightly transparent gypsy top that left her thin stomach exposed. 

"What do you think Daniel?" Leanne asked, "Will that catch her anything out there?"

"It'll catch her plenty in here," he responded, now looking over both the girls. 

"It's settled then," Leanne told her, "You aren't going anywhere." With one hand she pushed Daniel down onto the pile of cushions on the ground, and with the other, she motioned for Amy to come to her. All while he watched, the girls began kissing passionately. Amy wasted no time pulling off her friends towel, exposing every part of the well endowed woman to an onslaught of gropes and kisses. All the while Leanne guided her friend slowly downward until she felt the girls face slip between her legs. Her breathing became erratic as she felt the girls tongue invade her wet warmth. While Amy dove deeper and deeper into her, Leanne turned to sneak a glance at Daniel, who had removed his exceptionally long shaft from his pants and was stroking it eagerly. Before she could say anything, a massive shot of adrenaline shot through her as Amy twisted her tongue back and forth over her clit. Finally, the orgasm was too much for her to handle, and Leanne collapsed on the cushions next to Daniel.

"You have done this before, I think," she told Amy, inducing only a mischievous shrug from the girl, "I think you have earned first go on our eager partner here." 

Amy slowly crawled on all fours toward Daniel, while Leanne helped him pull off his clothes. Once he was naked, Amy slithered up his frame, her black skirt trailing behind her. He reached up slid his hands under her top, massaging her breasts and giving extra attention to her aroused nipples. With a quick motion, she pulled off the top and leaned down, gripping his hard shaft with her breasts. She ran it up between her squeezing bosom and into her mouth, with plenty enough to run the length of her breasts and touch the back of her throat. While she was bent over addressing his shaft, Leanne was rubbing Amy's clit vigorously, causing the younger girl to drip with her own pleasure. With a quick shift, Amy sat up and dropped herself over the man's firm column taking his wet length fast and hard into her dripping embrace. They both moaned in ecstasy as her first attack slid him easily into her. She took him as deep as she could, her skirt billowing around her with each descent. 

Barely able to contain herself, Leanne began to play with herself. She slid her fingers far inside, imagining Amy's tongue dancing playfully over her clit, or Daniel's thick shaft filling her insides. She watched intently as Amy rode him harder and faster, beginning to excite as she saw the younger girl dig her fingertips into his firm chest. Leanne straddled Daniel's legs behind the busy girl and positioned herself close. While the girls body gyrated to the orgasm, Leanne leaned against her back and wrapped her arms around her waist. One hand slid up Amy's chest and began playing with the girls breast. The other traced a path down to where Daniel's rigidness was invading the young girls tight hole. Amy moaned wildly as the woman massaged her nipple and clit. It wasn't long before the young girl let out a final primal cry and weakened. Leanne helped the exhausted girl off of Daniel's powerful erection and laid her down on the cushions. A glistening of sweat covered the spent girl and her entire body was limp with fatigue. As Amy's heavy breathing began to subside, Leanne's began to quicken with the touch of Daniel's strong hands gripping her waist and pulling her toward his waiting rod. 

Leanne kneeled between Amy's legs and spread her knees wide, exposing her own wet thighs. Daniel wasted no time at all bending her over her friend and pushing into her, the remnants of Amy's encounter gliding him easily inside. The force of his thrusts pushed her forward, often forcing her head into Amy's breasts, and action that Leanne took advantage of. Her lips took quick tastes of the girls nipples, with satisfied moans escaping them both. An unexpectedly powerful plunge pushed her off of her hands and knees, causing her to collapse upon Amy. The two of them met each other's eyes, and Amy pulled the woman's legs apart, spreading them over her waist. Daniel once again entered her, and Amy held her friends legs firmly spread. Leanne felt electricity everywhere that her body met theirs. Her insides exploded with passionate fire, her breasts tingled where they met Amy's, and her mouth ached as it craved the lips of the beautiful girl beneath her. While Daniel continued his deep thrusts, Amy leaned up and locked lips with the woman who lay upon her. Leanne moaned while they kissed, and the trio all pulsated in a dance of ecstasy. 

She began to feel Daniel's grip tighten on her hips and knew he was about to come. With practiced precision, she rotated her hips up and down, back and forth, causing his full length to explore every corner inside her. Amy took her friends round buttocks in her hands and spread them wide, allowing Daniel to push so deep that Leanne broke from their lip lock and cried out. This served to excite him so much that it wasn't long before he exploded inside her, and she felt a wave of heat and ecstasy roll through her. 

Collapsing in a heap upon Amy's frame, Leanne struggled to hold back the urge to giggle in pleasure at the feelings of bliss flowing through her. Amy ran her fingers through her friends hair, droplets of sweat mixing on their intertwined arms. They rolled over and lay on either side of Daniel, their arms and legs sprawled across him and each other. For a while the three of them just lay there, a symphony of heavy breaths and satisfied sighs. Once they caught their breath, the girls stood up and dressed. Amy replaced her discarded top, and Leanne threw on Daniel's t-shirt. With the night still early, they looked around the campsite for their next adventure. 

Not a soul got much sleep that night as there was just too much fun to be had. The air was filled with the sounds of intimate love, wild play, and fiery passion. It had become a camp out that no one expected, and no one would ever forget.