 Thanks to Literotica Member Lazarus Harshaw, native French speaker, currently living in Brussels, Belgium, for help with the French phrases and song lyrics. He responded to my request for help with them.

-----------

Moonlight Window - Chapter 2, Deb finds her way into our lives and hearts

This resort proved to be far better than we had ever imagined! In three short days it changed our lives forever.

Friday, a chance encounter at the moonlit window of our room connected Lara and me with Bill and Beth. They turned out to be our fantasy soul mates, and we spent the following evening and this morning discovering that sexual fantasy can be even better in reality.

With Beth and Bill, Lara's fantasies about a lesbian encounter were fulfilled. Lara and Beth found that they enjoyed a game with Lara as a dominatrix and Beth as her sex slave. The revelations were incredible, and we had a date to explore them further in three weeks at their house.

Our goodbye to Bill and Beth was at the café at the resort over brunch. It was so poignant that Beth and Lara were in tears at our parting. It was beautiful.

An unplanned witness to our farewell meal was our server, Deb. She had heard part of a conversation between Lara and Beth in which Lara had revealed many of the aspects of our new sexual connection with Bill and Beth.

Deb's reaction was interesting. She made a point of brushing my leg, and then bending over to show Beth and me her breasts in a sexy downblouse display. I knew it was intentional because she made no attempt to adjust her uniform when she saw me looking. In fact, she had just smiled and continued to lean over farther than necessary.

She had admitted hearing Lara when she was behind our table setting down our orders before serving us. She apparently liked what Lara had said, too.

Just before parting, Lara and Beth had embraced and kissed. It was emotional, and they were crying when they parted. Across the room I saw Deb wiping away a tear at seeing this.

It was a curious set of reactions that had Lara interested. After Bill and Beth left I asked Lara what she wanted to do for the rest of the afternoon.

Her reply was, "I wonder what time Deb gets off work?"

I was now holding up my Resort Card, indicating to Deb that I wanted her to bring over the bill. I caught her eye, and she signaled that she would be over right away.

My heart was racing. Lara and Beth had done things for and with Bill and me in the last forty hours that excited and amazed me. Erotic things I never dreamed possible. The weekend had awakened something in Lara that turned her into a sexual dynamo, and now she was telling me that she was interested in possibly continuing the exploration with Deb if she proved suitable and willing.

Deb arrived at our table and handed me the check. As she did so, she put her hand on my shoulder and squatted a bit to bring her eyes level with mine. Normally, I would write this off as one of the techniques waitresses use to seem friendly and increase tips. It has been proven to work, and would not normally seem out of place.

What was unusual was that as Deb squatted to bring her to eye level, she leaned forward again. Earlier when she served Beth, I could see that she was wearing a red bra. This time I was close enough to tell that it was a red push-up bra with lace trim and underwire cups. If she had been closer, I would have been able to count the stitches on the cups! Again, she just smiled when it was obvious that I was looking down at her breasts.

After I looked at the check, I handed her my Resort Card. She glanced at my name on the card.

"I'll be back in a second . . . Sam," she said with a smile.

She returned in a minute, and handed me the folder with the receipt for me to sign and a pen. I pretended that the pen was not working.

"Lara, give me the pen in your purse," I said.

As she rummaged through her purse, taking her time, I looked at Deb. She looked to be between 20 and 25. She was slim, and had dark hair that went to the middle of her back. From the show she had put on a minute ago, I guessed she was about a 28A or B. Her bra pushed what she had about as high as possible, and again, I assumed it was to elicit larger tips.

I said, "Deb, have a seat for a sec while Lara finds me a pen."

Deb didn't wait an instant as I slid to make room in the booth for her. She sat right down and looked at me expectantly.

"Deb, you seem to have heard and observed a bit this morning. What was your take on what was happening in out booth?"

"Sam, I've seen a lot while working here. Most of our guests don't know it, but the swinging community uses the resort at a discreet rendezvous destination. It's just word-of-mouth, and our reputation is that we are very accommodating. The people who use the resort for this, though, usually come prepared and are a little less obvious than the four of you were this morning.

"When you came in wearing evening attire, it was pretty clear that one couple was staying at one of the other two resorts on the property. Foursomes usually book rooms at the same resort, often in adjacent rooms or even suites. That gives them a chance to change into day clothes for breakfast the next morning.

"The way you were dressed and the way you acted made me believe that the four of you had met at the resort for the first time and that you had all spent the night in the same room. When I heard you, Lara, talking to . . . what was her name?"

"Beth," Lara replied.

". . . Beth, I knew you were a new foursome. Lara, what you revealed I that one conversation was amazing. I didn't mean to eavesdrop, but I had two large platters of food to set down on the serving stand behind you, and I was pretty much stuck there until I was finished doing that.

"For people who had apparently just met, you were giving each other an incredible amount of mutual support, and I sensed that you had genuine love for each other. It was beautiful. A lot of swingers who meet here just meet up to 'get their tickets punched' and show little commitment to each other after the evening is over.

"When you and Beth kissed and cried before they left, I thought that was one of the sexiest things I had ever witnessed here at the mountain!"

Lara said, "Well, you are right. We met by chance here, and we formed an amazing bond in such a short time. I'm positive they will be a part of our lives for some time to come."

"That is so sweet! Most of the swingers that meet here meet through the Internet or personals. They just want neutral ground for sex, and may never meet again. I think you are the first pair of couples that I have seen that met by chance right here and then formed what they hope to be a permanent relationship!"

I said, "I wondered why you were 'signaling' a little interest when you were serving us and when you brought the check."

I moved my fingers along my neckline to indicating what kind of signal I was talking about as I spoke.

Deb blushed a little.

"I was hoping I was piquing your interest."

Lara asked, "Would you like to go somewhere for dinner with us? I would like to get to know you a little better."

"I would like that, but it should probably be off-property. We don't have a rule against it, but I would feel a little uncomfortable having my coworkers serve me while sitting with a couple of resort guests.

Lara asked, "With all of the swingers who pass through here, what made us stand out as something more?"

"You two, or I guess the four of you, are the first guests I've met here that seemed interesting enough to want to get to know. With the usual swingers I meet here, I feel like I'm serving strangers at a way station. Even the regulars I know by name just seem like they are passing through. There is no interest in getting to know any more about them than what they usually order for breakfast."

"You got all that from watching four people eat breakfast?" I asked.

"I've been here for years. I work part time here on weekends and summers. I'm finally finishing my psych internship program at Dartmouth this spring. I've been here since I was an undergrad, and I've been watching people all that time. I can tell when something unusual is happening, and this morning was the first personally-interesting 'unusual happening' I've seen since I've been here.

"I see families all the time, and I can tell when they all want to be here, or when one member would rather be somewhere else. I see couples, and I can tell when they are going to spend the weekend in their room, out on the trails, or doing things separately while they are here. I see the vast majority of swingers only once with the same pairing. Many come back with another couple, but most of the interest is for a single weekend fling.

"I have overheard a lot of conversations, and I have never heard anyone else tell someone in a foursome to get married, and I have never, ever seen two women cry and kiss at their parting."

"That explains a lot! Wow. It must feel great to almost be done with your course work! You've probably been in school as long as I was!" exclaimed Lara.

"Psych?"

"No, law. How much more to finish?"

"Course work and clinical is finished. I just have to finish writing things up. Couple weeks at the most, with mostly just administrative stuff after this week, I'm guessing."

"Congratulations! I was so happy when I finally graduated!"

"Yeah, I can feel it, it's so close. That may have been what initiated my interest in you."

"How so?"

"Well, when I saw you laughing and enjoying your breakfast as friends, it reminded me how much I've missed. I wanted to graduate early, and I took on a heavy workload to cut a year off the whole program. I applied myself to work and school. Oh, sure, I've had flings, but I've been in school continuously for over half a decade. I haven't had a real relationship since high school."

"Half a decade with no relationships? God, you must have spent a fortune on batteries," quipped Lara.

Deb looked down and blushed again.

Lara put her hand to Deb's face and said, "I love it when you blush. Sensitive is sexy."

I asked Deb, "Aside from acting out of the ordinary, what about the four of us do you find attractive?"

"Well for starters, I think that you are all good looking."

I held up my hand as if tipping a hat, and in a bad Texas accent, said, "Why thank ya', ma'am. That's very kind!"

"You're welcome, but that was just the beginning. It was obvious that you had all just met, and yet you were so comfortable with each other. Your ages were, I guessed, ten or fifteen years apart, and it didn't seem to make a difference.

"When I heard Lara describe all the things the four of you were into and then tell Beth she should marry her sweetheart . . .uh"

"Bill," I said.

"Thank you. When I heard her tell Beth she should marry Bill, I thought my heart was going to break!"

She looked at Lara and said, "You had just given an encyclopedic listing of wild sex acts, followed by, 'Marry the guy.' I had never heard anything like that. In fact I have never even heard of anything like that."

Lara said, "By the way, after hearing me say those things, you obviously knew what kinds of sex we were into."

She paused for a moment to see the reaction on Deb's face, and continued, "And you still wanted to get to know us?"

"I have been taking psych coursed for what seems an eternity. Along the way, we studied about everything people can do together. Also along the way, I discovered that I had more than an academic interest in some of what we were studying. I experimented in a few flings, and it made me want to try more, but I have been so driven by finishing school that I didn't want the distraction.

"It had to be fate that two interesting couples came into the café on my shift at the same time I was looking at gaining my freedom from academia."

"Kismet," I said. "But shouldn't you be getting back to work?"

"Look around, Sam. It's 2:20 already. We stopped serving twenty minutes ago. There's a rope across the entrance. You are the last couple in here. Except for counter service, we're closed for an hour-forty until we open again for dinner. I told the other waitress that I would close up for her. My shift ends when you two leave.

"I wanted a chance to talk to you in private without having to contrive some way of doing so."

"Clever girl," Lara said.

I said, "Would you like to join us for the afternoon? I saw some antique shops on the way here, and we love to browse."

"Give me a chance to change, and I'll meet you in the lobby," she replied.

Laura said, "Yeah, I think we're going to change, too. This outfit isn't exactly shopping attire."

"Maybe not, but you are really hot in it!"

It was Lara's turn to blush.

I thought to myself that Lara was still hot enough to attract compliments from someone nearly half her age. When I looked at her, I always saw the girl I married. Sometimes I had to remind myself that it wasn't just me. She really was attractive.

"I'll second that motion," I said, and gave her a kiss.

I signed the check and gave Deb a nice tip.

"See ya' in the lobby in a half hour," Deb said as we parted.

On the way back to our room, I smiled and said, "What the hell just happened?"

"Near as I can tell, we just left a smart, pretty woman half our age that wants to jump your bones, my bones and probably Bill and Beth's bones in order to let out six or seven years of pent-up sexual aggression."

"Yeah. I guess that pretty much sums it up. Just checking."

"On the way to the antique shop, let's stop off at Walgreens again for a minute."

"You mean . . .?"

"Yeah, another pint of lubricant."

Together, we said, "Y' know . . . just in case," and we both laughed.

We got back to the room

As we showered and changed, I thought about the events of the last two days and the events that were about to unfold. I couldn't believe what was going on in our lives. It was surreal. We had walked into a new world where fantasy had become reality.

I think Lara was thinking along the same lines. She walked over to me and gave me a hug, and put her head on my chest.

"A lot has gone on. What we have done and are probably going to do is beyond anything we have ever discussed in our entire marriage. We are doing things we never would have considered a week ago.

"Sam, I know the answer to this question, but I just need to hear you say it. If Beth or Deb wanted to have sex with you when I wasn't around, would you consider it?"

"Honey, unless you are with me, none of this is appealing to me. You know I have never cheated on you, even once, all the time we've been married. I'm not interested in fulfilling any fantasies unless they are OUR fantasies. No, Lara my sweet, I would not have sex with either of them unless you were part of the equation and it was your idea."

"Thank you, Sam. I love you so much, but this is all happening so fast. I just needed a reality check."

"Any time you want, sweetheart. And if you said tomorrow that you never wanted to live out another fantasy, I would stop, too. Instantly, and without question."

"I love you so much."

"Sweetheart, this has to be another case of really bad timing. I love you, too, and I would talk about this more, but it's 3 pm. Deb has been waiting in the lobby for ten minutes now."

"Oh, so you can't wait to fuck her, now? Is that it?" laughed Lara.

"I guess you caught me," I said with mock seriousness, "I can't wait to feel that 25-year-old's tight pussy."

Lara pulled my ear to her mouth and whispered in a really wicked tone, "Me too."

That sent a shiver up my spine, and I would have fucked her right there if we weren't already late.

When we got to the lobby, Deb was chatting with Norm, the bellman who had brought us our bags on the first day.

She was wearing a straw hat with a wide brim and a cotton summer dress with a nautical-theme print and a sailor collar. Her earrings were simple gold disks, and she was wearing a vintage red, white and blue Bakelite necklace with matching bracelet. She had on tan sandals and her legs were bare. Her sunglasses had large lenses, and she looked like she should be standing on the deck of a cruise ship. The ensemble was simple, but elegant.

"Hey, folks. Good to see you again. Deb says you are going antiquing. There's a lot of good shops, but the best deals are at the Antique Co-Op about eight miles up Route 5. Here's a map with all of the antique shops in the area, too.

"Deb says you struck up a conversation at brunch today. Did she say she's going to be leaving us soon?"

"Yes. She said she's graduating soon," Lara said.

Norm said, "Yup. Fancy degree from a fancy school. I guess she's going not planning on being a waitress any longer. Gonna leave us behind. She's been a fixture here for so long, I don't know what we're going to do without her pretty smile to greet and serve the diners."

"You know I'm going to miss this place, too, Norm, you old softy, but there's plenty of coeds available to replace me," she said as she gave him an affectionate kiss.

"Have fun at the shops, Deb," he said. "Remember to dicker over the prices, now."

"Sure thing, Norm," she said playfully over her shoulder with a goodbye wave. "Always do."

With that, we were off to see the sights and shop the shops. Lara and I were in the front seats, and Deb was in the back seat.

While we were driving, Lara said, "Deb, I know what's on everyone's mind, but let's just spend the afternoon getting to know each other. We can talk about sex later. Is that okay?"

"Sure," Deb said. "After I do one thing. I have wanted to do this since you kissed Beth goodbye."

With that, she leaned forward between the front seats. She turned Lara's face towards hers and gave her a soft kiss on the lips. Lara kissed her back, and they held it for fifteen or twenty seconds.

"That was a good as I thought it was going to be," she sighed.

"Yeah," said Lara.

She took Deb's hand and kissed it. Deb sat back on her seat, and we drove to the Antique Co-Op.

I was hoping that Deb was more than a horny coed who had the hots for some kinky weekend sex. She was way more than that, as it turned out.

Lara's interests always included her love for antiques. I learned about them so we could go antiquing together. I knew enough now to help her spot things she likes, but I was far from being an expert.

Deb, on the other hand, grew up around antiques. Her parents were well travelled, and collected antiques from around the world. In addition, they had family pieces going back three or four generations. When she was a young girl, her mother told her about every one. Each one had a story, and she was fascinated when her mother told them to her.

"We got this one in England. It's an argyle. It's like a gravy boat, but there's an inner jacket to hold hot water so the gravy stays warm.

"This fork belonged to your great-great-uncle Sylvester. It only has two tines because most forks only had two until some time later.

"The chandeliers have these cords because they originally were fitted with candles. You used the cord to lower them in order to light them or put them out. After they were electrified, your great grandfather left the cord system intact so that it was easier to clean them."

As we browsed the shop, Lara and Deb discussed the things they found.

"Oh, look at this. It's a sterling tomato server in Fairfax by Gorham"

"No, it was made by Durgin before Gorham bought them."

"You're right! There's the D on the back. How did you know?"

"I don't think they made a server in that style after Gorham bought them."

"The price on this chair is way out of line. It's been repaired."

"What gave it away?"
