 Chapter 3: Jazz, Fingers & Confessions, and on a school night, too!

Lara and I woke the next morning with two slices of pizza left in the box on the bed. My hand was on the margherita slice. We had gone to sleep over pizza and old movies.

I lifted my hand, and there was sauce and a basil leaf on my fingers.

"What the hell, I can't let sauce this good go to waste," I thought to myself as I licked the sauce off.

We had gone to Three Tomatoes in Lebanon, NH, the night before at our new friend Deb's suggestion. It was good. Very good. As I licked the sauce off my fingers I remembered just how good it was. I looked at Lara and had an idea.

"Sweetie, are you awake?"

"I am now, honey. What time is it?"

"Time for you to get up and use the bathroom before we peruse the Menu."

The "Menu" is our shorthand for sex play. Column A is clothes and toys. Column B is sexual positions. Column C is fantasies.

"Oooo. What's on the Menu?"

"Column A: me in underwear, you in a towel with nothing underneath and a new surprise. Column B: me licking you with you supine. Column C: 'the delivery boy.'"

"Me supine and you licking. I like you doing all the work. Too early for a workout for me. "What's the surprise?"

"You'll see. You first in the bathroom, then my turn. Don't forget the towel."

Lara gave me a kiss and scampered off to the bathroom.

She came out in a few minutes, wrapped in a towel.

"Sit at the table," I said.

She sat at the table and I went into the bathroom with the pizza box at my side. After using the toilet and brushing my teeth, I went to the bathroom door. I knocked.

"Who's there," called Lara.

"Delivery for a Miss Lara," I answered.

"Come in."

I entered the bedroom.

"Pizza for Miss Lara. That will be fifteen-ninety-five please."

Lara checked the towel for "pockets," but there were none.

"Oh, dear. I seem to have forgotten to bring any cash."

"I can take a credit card."

She patted the towel again.

"I don't seem to have a credit card with me. Is there anything you see here that I could trade for the pizza?"

"Well ma'am, I'd trade the pizza for a look at your titties."

"Oh, how forward of you! What makes you think that a married woman like me would show you my breasts just for a pizza?"

I pulled gown my undershorts and said, "'Cause I'm gonna throw in a sausage topping for free, ma'am."

"Oh, I love sausage! All right, you have a deal."

With that, she stood up and let the towel drop to the floor.

She said, "You seem to know your pizza. How would you suggest serving it?"

"Hot," I said.

Lara was stifling a laugh by now, and I was having a hard time keeping a straight face, too.

"And how would you heat it?"

"Lie down on that there bed, ma'am, and I'll tell you."

She lay on the bed, and I stood at the foot of the bed.

"First, we gotta get that oven hot. Spread your legs and apply a little friction to it."

Lara's fingers started to massage her labia while I stroked my penis. She loved watching me get turned on when she did that. It was her favorite fantasy. She looked at my cock getting hard, and she let out a little moan.

"Yesss. Watch my fingers. Watch me play with my pussy. Ohh. Yeah."

After a few minutes, I could tell that she was really hot.

"Ma'am, I think the ovens about 350. Time to warm the pizza."

I took out the margherita slice and touched it to her thighs.

"Ooo, a little cold."

"Just wait. I'll warm it up."

"I tip big for good service like that."

"Great, I gotta tip that you can service."

She laughed and put her hand over her mouth.

When I had gotten about all of the sauce off the margherita slice, making sure not to get any acidic tomato sauce on her labia or clit, I used the prosciutto slice to flavor her breasts. There were three pieces of prosciutto, and I carefully laid one on each nipple and one on her pussy.

"Ma'am . . ."

"You can call me 'Miss Lara.'"

"Uh, OK, Miss Lara, look at what I've done. I've gone and made a mess here. Give me a minute and I'll clean it off."

"You damn well better take more than a minute!"

"Oh, don't worry, Miss Lara, I'm gonna be real thorough."

"Spotless. I want the serving table spotless."

"Yes, ma'am . . . I mean yes Miss Lara."

I started with her left breast. I started licking the sauce off her skin just under the breast. I licked all around it, and then worked my way to her nipple. I bit the prosciutto piece off the nipple and sucked it clean.

"Mmmmm," she whispered. "Does it taste good?"

"Oh, yeah. I think I need seconds."

I moved to the right breast, and sucked one spot at a time instead of licking. I did the same thing with the prosciutto piece.

"Oh. Yesss. Bite it. Bite it. Oh, yeah . . . Ahhh."

When I finished the top part of the meal, I licked slowly down to her pubic hair. I buried my face in it and inhaled her aroma mixed with the smell of the sauce. It was heavenly.

I moved to her thighs and spread her legs wide. I started to lick my way from mid-thigh, alternating from left leg to right. I cleaned every bit of sauce I could from those soft legs. When I got to the labia, all the sauce was gone, but the prosciutto piece was beckoning.

With my lips, I worked the morsel around her labia. I pushed it in a little with my tongue, and then sucked it out and ate it, raising my head a little so she could watch.

I then went back to licking her labia, probing a little with my tongue. By this time, Lara was not saying anything, but just making sounds. She moaned and sighed.

"Ahhh . . . Oh! . . . OH, OH, Ahhh . . . Mmmmm."

I moved my tongue to her clit now. The first touch made her gasp.

"Uh! . . . Ohhh!"

I inserted two fingers into her pussy and continued to lick her clit. With my other hand, I reached around and played with her anus, but did not stick my finger in, as it was dry. I was sorry I had eaten all of the sauce off her, as that would have made an interesting lubricant.

She started moving her hips into me, pressing her pelvis against my face. I could feel her tense up, and I knew she was going to cum.

"UHHH . . . NGGGGGHH . . . OH YESSS!"

I could feel her pussy pulse for a while, and then she lay still.

I moved up next to her and asked, "Was the pizza OK, Miss Lara?"

"Oooo. Yeah . . . Give me a sec. I'll get your tip."

I held her for a while, and she relaxed in my arms. After a few minutes of cuddling, she kissed me.

"Ready for your tip, boy?"

"Oh yes, Miss Lara."

I was getting a little soft, so she stroked me for a minute. When the results were what she wanted, she got on top of me.

She didn't play fair.

"Tonight I'm going to strip Deb. I'm going to take her dress off slowly, and then I'm going to caress her body while you watch. I'm going to kneel in front of her and lift her slip. She won't be wearing panties, and I'm going to stick my tongue in her slit and lick her clit. While you watch. I'll put a finger up inside her and then have her lick it clean. I'll start kissing her while I caress those small tittes through the soft lace of her slip. Then I'm going to . . ."

That was it for me. She had me at caressing the tits through the slip. That was one of our fetishes, and It made me cum hard.

"Oh, Unghhhh. Yesss!"

Lara slowly raised herself off my dick and kissed me.

"Wow. Pizza. Why hadn't we thought of that before! That was fantastic!"

She picked up a slice. It had almost no sauce on it, but she tore off a piece. She tilted her head up and opened her mouth. Slowly, she lowered the piece into her mouth, closing her lips around the fingers holding it. She sucked the fingers as they came out, then lowered her head and gave me a deep French/pizza kiss. I loved it!

She said, "That was a great snack. I loved the 'delivery boy' when you delivered those soft, sensual roses, and the personal lubricant delivery with the vanilla flavor was pretty good, but this was wild!"

"I thought you might like it," I replied.

We lay there for a little while and then took a shower. I found a couple of spots of sauce that I missed, and took pains to lick them clean as the rain head of the shower warmed and soothed us.

We got dressed and went to the café. The young woman at the cash register took a good look at us.

"You must be Sam and Lara," she said. Deb said you would be here. "Your breakfast is on the house."

"How did you know it was us?" asked Lara, blushing a little.

"She described you pretty well, but the key was that she said you would be holding hands and looking like newlyweds. Bingo!"

The three of us laughed.

"Deb's never told us about any other guests. That makes you pretty special."

She looked serious as she said, "Deb says you two are the real deal. Norm thinks you are okay, too. I'm Kate. She's one of my best friends here. I love her. Promise me that she's right about the two of you."

"Wow," Lara said. "You really do look out for each other here!"

She held out her hand, and Kate shook it.

Lara said, "I really mean this when I say that Deb is a heartbreakingly wonderful woman. Sam and I think the world of her, and we will never hurt her."

Kate said, "That's good to hear. Her friends here were worried about her since this is her first time with a resort guest, and we all agreed that I would talk to you on behalf of the staff. It's going to make everyone very happy that she found a real relationship.

"I'll tell the others, so you don't have to go through this with all of us."

She gave each of us a little hug, and then said, "On behalf of the resort, welcome to the family. Please don't tell Deb that I talked to you about this. It would kind of be like parents talking to their daughter's boyfriend. She might be embarrassed."

Kate was younger than Deb. I thought about what she had just said. She was playing the mother of someone older than her, and questioning the motives of Deb's "boyfriend and girlfriend' who were nearly twice her age. Interesting "family."

The breakfast was excellent, as it had been for the whole weekend. Over breakfast, we talked about what we wanted to do during the day.

"I'd like a morning hike," I said. "Maybe a couple of hours."

"Sounds delightful. How about the southern part of the mountain?

"Great. What do you want to do after that?"

"Remember the Antique Co-Op?"

"Sweetie, we were there just yesterday. I thought we covered it pretty well."

"Deb said we're going to the lounge for some jazz after dinner, remember?"

"How could I forget? Thinking about is giving me a hard-on."

"I brought some nice dresses, but nothing slinky and vintage enough for a jazz club."

"So?"

"You apparently didn't notice that one of the dealers at the Co-Op has a booth that specializes in vintage clothing."

I pulled out my Resort Card and held it up as our server passed by.

"Check please!"

Lara laughed.

After breakfast, we put on shorts, T-shirts and tennis shoes. We left through the patio door to our room and started our hike on the trail that passed by it. We walked slowly, enjoying the sun and the blooming shrubs and flowers.

As we walked, we talked about Deb.

"Honey," Lara said, "I'm still a little worried about what Deb's reaction was last night when the word 'incest' was mentioned. I don't really care what it was she experienced, I just want to avoid going somewhere she doesn't want to go."

"Me, too. Let's just ask about subjects and boundaries. I'll bring up that we're not into S&M, for instance, and you can say that you don't want to be with another man. We can ask her if there are subjects that she doesn't want to delve into."

"Yeah, maybe that will work. Let's play it by ear and see how it comes out. It would kill me to lose her."

"No kidding. And the way the resort 'family' slicks together, there might be two shallow graves here on the trail if we do anything to hurt her."

"That, too," Lara said with mock seriousness.

The rest of the walk was magnificent. The trail was privately owned by the three resorts it connected, and it was well-groomed. There were occasional benches, and there was even an attendant at the junction of the four major trails who had a cooler of cold water for guests who showed their Resort Card.

There were even a few secluded areas with benches that Lara and I agreed would be good fodder for Column C.

"Think about sitting on that bench and making out at sunset. As twilight approaches another couple comes along and sits on the other bench. They notice us and start to get aroused. Every time we make a move, they follow along until you have my shirt off and are massaging my pussy . . . "

"I get it. I get it. If you continue, I'm going to have to bend you over that bench right now and fuck your brains out. As it is, I'm going to have to sit for a while until my hard-on goes away."

She flashed me her best evil smile and said, "Just seeing if I still had it in me."

"Keep it up, young lady, and you'll have this in you!" I said as I pointed to my erection and sat down.

She sat down next to me and gave me a kiss.

We finished our hike and had a shower.

"Let's go the Harpoon Brewery in Windsor," I said.

"Everyone says they have really good food there, and we can take a tour."

"Then to the Co-Op."

"Yes. Then to the Co-Op."

The Harpoon Brewery had food every bit as good as our friends had said. I had the New England Classic roast beef, and Lara had the Brewery BLT. Lara was pleased to see she could substitute sweet potato fries, and she enjoyed them immensely.

Unfortunately, the tours were only given on Friday, Saturday and Sunday, so we left that pleasure for our next trip to the area. I bought a couple of T-shirts for a couple of my employees who were Harpoon fanatics.

Then we were off to the Co-Op.

The Co-Op was a huge antique store with seventy or more dealers who rented individual booths. One of them specialized in vintage clothing, from the 1800s to the Fifties. The racks and shelves took up four booth spaces, and the selection was quite good. There was one entire rack of evening wear.

There were five gowns in Lara's size that filled the bill, and she tried them on. She came out of the tiny dressing room wearing an emerald green dress that had a slightly Asian design. It had a mandarin collar and a slit along the side from the floor to just below the hip.

Instead of a zipper or buttons, the dress had a diagonal row of silk frogs and loops. The bodice was embellished with Jacquard embroidery. The sleeves were very short, with an angular opening.

Lara was stunning in it! She found a pair of long gloves in ivory satin that went to just above the elbow.

I found a white dinner jacket that was just a little too big, but it would do. There weren't any dark pants that fit, though.

We decided to buy the dress, jacket and gloves, and went looking for accessories. I spotted a dealer who specialized in Bakelite jewelry. I remembered that Deb had been wearing Bakelite the day before.

"Look at this, Hon," "The red beads and the red dangly earrings would look great against that green."

"Oh, Bakelite. Beautiful stuff. Let me hold it against the dress. Oh, yeah, good find."

"Why don't you pick out a piece for Deb, Honey? She was wearing Bakelite yesterday, so she probably likes it."

"That's my thoughtful little hubby," she said, giving me a peck on the cheek.

She picked out a nice necklace with a matching bracelet.

On the way to the checkout counter, Lara found the perfect hat. It was not much more than a swish of rigid, pleated black fabric with a veil. It sat across Lara's hair toward the front, and the veil came two-thirds of the way down her face.

"Perfect!" I said as she looked at it in the little mirror in the booth.

The prices on all of the pieces of Bakelite were high for Vermont, but back home they would have been twice that, so I didn't mind paying the asking price.

Lara, on the other hand, was a master at antique shopping. She not only got 10% off the dress and jacket, but 20% off the jewelry because she bought four pieces. Because it was a co-op, dealers took shifts working the store, and we were lucky that the owner of the jewelry booth was working that day.

Lara put her lawyer-negotiator skills to work.

"I can't decide whether to get the necklace and earrings or necklace and bracelet," she said when she found out the dealer of that booth was working the checkout counter.

"Well, why don't you get them both?" asked the dealer.

Lara made a show of looking at the price tags with a contemplative expression.

"Tell you what; I'll give you 20% off if you buy both sets."

"Hmm, 20%? Well, okay. I'll splurge," she said, not wanting the dealer to know she had intended to buy both from the beginning.

The two of us made in the mid-six-figures together, so $150 was hardly a "splurge," but both Lara and the dealer parted with the satisfaction that they had bargained well.

We hadn't counted on finding our treasures so soon. We had allowed time for a brewery tour followed by a lengthier wardrobe search. We had time on our hands.

"Farm-Way?" I asked.

"Farm-Way!" she said.

Farm-Way was a more-than-hardware store up the road a piece in Bradford. You can buy fence posts, clothing, furniture, Le Creuset cast iron cookware, Yankee Candles, guns and just about everything in between. The place was huge and took up multiple buildings.

We bought a few candles, a couple of small kitchen items, a shirt for Lara and an indoor-outdoor thermometer for the house. I also found a pair of black slacks and a bow tie!

On the way back to the resort we made a quick stop at the King Arthur Store, and picked up a few more kitchen items. The next stop was a grocery store, where we bought a few snack items.

We were back at the resort in plenty of time to get ready. We took our time and talked about what was happening. In the space of half a week, we had met and formed incredible bonds with three people, Bill, Beth and Deb.

Lara asked me what it was about Deb that I liked.

"Lara, she is smart, willful, pretty, outgoing and driven. Except for smaller tits, she reminds me of you when we first met! The two of you are a cosmically-lined pair."

"My god! I never thought about it like that. Do you think of her as a replacement for what I was?"

"Fugeddaboutit," I said with my best New York accent, "not a replacement. Never. Never in a million years. No, not a replacement, but an accessory. She compliments you. She's another soul mate. Without you, she would be nothing to me. With you, the three of us are greater than the sum of our parts."

She walked over to me and gave me a hug.

"Sweetie, thank you. I love my new plaything. She's the best present you ever got me. I like that 'sum of the parts' thing, too. Synergy."

"Synergy?" I asked. "No I meant I like some of her parts."

"Asshole," she laughed and snapped me with the towel she was holding.

"Ouch!" I cried as the tip of the towel hit my butt. "I thought you weren't into S&M."

She reached out as if to soothe my butt with a kind rub, and then smacked it with het palm.

"No, but maybe I could do a little D/s with you."

"In your dreams," I said as I swept her off her feet, carried her to the bed and set her down.

She wrapped her arms around me and we hugged and kissed for five or ten minutes.

We finished getting dressed. Lara looked ravishing. The dress was perfect, and when she struck a pose, she looked like a movie star.

Ten minutes later there was a knock at the door. When I opened the door, I was met by an angel.

Deb was standing there in an azure gown that was the color of the sky this morning. The satin fabric had pleats at the bodice that added just a little to her bosom. She was wearing another push-up bra, apparently, and the combination of the bra and the dress made her look about a cup size bigger.
