 Literotica readers will remember that I introduced them to Sunny a number of months ago. She was about nineteen when we met; I was in my mid-30’s. I was the investigating detective at a burglary that occurred at her home. She initiated an affair that went on for several years until she met the man she would marry. For me, she needed a friend who would “fuck her real hard several times a week, with no strings attached.” Sunny was a gorgeous chick with personality plus. She had blonde hair, blue eyes and a body sent to me from heaven; huge, beautiful tits with beautiful nipples, a great ass and long tan legs. She was the total package and loved to show it off, often opting for skimpy little outfits designed to make male eyes bulge.

I tried to arrange my schedule to meet Sunny once or twice a week to give her the full treatment. Unfortunately, I lived some distance from police headquarters, so my place was out. It was just too far from where I was supposed to be. Fortunately, my friend Rick lived just over the town line and didn’t mind my using his place to meet Sunny. Of course, he worked rotating shifts, so the place wasn’t always available, so we had to improvise.

At least twice a week, I met Sunny in the morning for coffee. We would meet at a nearby state park that had a little-used picnic area with parking for a hundred cars. There was rarely anyone there when we would meet in the morning. The picnic area had a circular drive so it was easy to park in the middle and see anyone pulling in. I had very little time to meet with her, so Sunny would usually call me as she was leaving to pick up coffee and I would leave a few minutes later to meet her. After a time, we timed it pretty well so we were both arriving within minutes of the other. I loved these little meetings since Sunny was always so upbeat and pleasant. You couldn’t help but smile as she droned on about some aspect of her life. Sunny always made it a bit more pleasant by her manner of dress. She would often wear a big, bulky flannel shirt, which she unbuttoned for me, exposing her beautiful braless DD boobs for my gaze and touch. When we met for coffee, we never had time to fuck but Sunny seemed to feel responsible for making me cum whenever we met. When we finished our coffee, she would invariably ask me, “would you like me to suck your cock?” That was a question that required no answer. I just unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock. I remained alert for cars, but they rarely appeared. It was early and the woods were thick, so we had enough privacy for a blow job. More often than not, Sunny swallowed my load, but occasionally she enjoyed watching me shoot my cum. When she did, I would signal the moment to her and she would stop sucking and start stroking my cock as I shot my load into a now empty coffee cup, looking closely as she got me off. She told me once, that watching me shoot was fascinating to her. She loved being able to make it happen. She also loved to have me shoot all over her body.

Sunny and I met regularly for several years. Sex was always part of it. This girl was a loving, giving kid who derived great pleasure from getting me off. When it was possible, I got the same pleasure from getting her off. About a year into our relationship, Sunny left her job bartending at the steak house to take a similar job at a new go-go joint called Iggy’s, about two miles from her house and about a quarter mile from Rick’s place. This gave us a little more time to be together because she could leave for work at quarter to four and still be early. Before that, three o’clock was the cutoff time for our trysts. It also allowed Sunny to get home earlier.

A couple of weeks after Iggy’s opened, my brother, Tim, and I decided to take a look and see what was happening there. One night, we took a ride over there around ten o’clock at night. The parking lot was jammed and we had to park in the shopping center across the street and walk across the street to Iggy’s. It was early May and when we walked in the front door, we experienced a ten degree rise in temperature as well as thick cigarette smoke that filled the air. Off in the distance, we could see a couple of semi-attractive dancers strutting their stuff at opposite ends of the bar. Behind the bar, dancing as she poured drinks, was Sunny. We had to wait about a half hour to get a seat at the bar. Sunny finally noticed us and danced over with a big grin on her face to take our orders. We ordered a couple of beers. When Sunny brought them to us, I introduced her to Tim, who had been ogling her since our arrival. And, who could blame him-she was dressed as provocatively as the dancers in a halter top that might have fit a girl with a “B” cup but had no chance of covering up Sunny’s boulders. She also wore a pair of very short shorts, exposing the cheeks of her ass and pulled tightly over her vulva.

At the time Iggy’s opened, the big go-go bar song was “My Sharona.” When the juke box started playing the song, the crowd erupted, the go-go girls began dancing their asses off and a bunch of the guys at the bar began to encourage Sunny to get up on the bar and show what she had, which was plenty. She resisted but was obviously flattered that so many guys wanted her to dance for them. When the song ended, Sonny had collected over thirty dollars in tips from guys willing to pay to see her dance. Sonny was blushing visibly when someone hit the juke box replay button and My Sharona started all over again. About fifty guys at the bar were hooting and hollering for Sunny to dance for them. She looked to me and I gave her the thumbs up, so up she climbed to the top of the bar and she began to dance in tune to the music. I have to admit, she was fabulous. She shook her ass to the delight of the crowd. But when she turned to them and began to shake her boobs, I got one of probably 200 hardons in the room. Tim was mesmerized. He couldn’t believe that his brother was actually nailing this goddess. Sunny caressed her own boobs from outside the halter, feigning licking them and the crowd went absolutely bonkers. She knelt down on the bar and massaged on of the guy’s face with her boobs. She walked on all fours along the length of the bar as guys stuck money in her cleavage, each copping a minor feel. When she stood, the bills were stuffed in her one pocket in her teeny shorts. Then, as the number drew to a close, Sunny lifted her halter and flashed the crowd. The cheers were deafening as she jumped down to the floor. She walked all the way around the oval bar as guys handed her tips. For one three minute dance, Sunny netted over $300. 

Sunny was breathing a little heavy and perspiration was rolling down her body as she came over to me and grabbed my hand. “I have a break now, how about walking outside with me, my eyes are burning from all the smoke and I need to cool off.” “Sure,” I replied and we walked through a doorway that led to the now-empty kitchen behind the bar. On the other side of this enormous room was a doorway to the outside, which we opened. Tim walked out to a corner of the parking lot, breathing fresh air for the first time in an hour. Sunny and I stood in the doorway, enjoying the gentle flow of cool, fresh air. It was very refreshing. Tim stood outside, blatantly staring at Sunny’s chest. Sunny and I caught him at the same moment and both declared him “busted” at the same moment. As always, Sunny was good natured about it. She was certainly used to guys staring at her tits, which even she must have realized were special. They were not just huge; they were beautifullly shaped and had perfect uplift without a hint of sag. Sunny called Tim close to her and lifted her halter to give him an unrestricted view of these monsters. Then, she took his hand and brought it to her to give him a feel of that which he admired so. Tim was startled and stunned but he enjoyed every moment of it as he gently caressed Sunny, eventually causing her nipples to stand on end in pleasure. Sunny took her hand and ran it across Tim’s crotch, feeling his hardon and asking coyly, “Did I do that?” Everyone laughed and Sunny put her halter back in place. Tim’s moment of glory was over.

Sunny still had ten minutes remaining on her break and, in true Sunny-fashion, she offered me a blow job. “Here?,” I said, while choking at the thought. “Why not, no one can see, the kitchen is empty and the parking lot is dark. Plus, we have Tim to stand guard.” It all sounded so casual, but it was just Sunny. She found a stool to sit on and brought it over to the doorway. I stood in front of her, nervously taking my swollen cock from my pants. She immediately began stroking it, coaxing the pre-cum to the surface where she flicked it into her mouth with a tongue action that might have reminded one of a frog hunting for food. It was a weird atmosphere for me. I could hear the music blaring just thirty feet away. The kitchen was almost eerily dark. And here I was getting head from the belle of the ball. Sunny sucked and tongued me as always with great gusto and I responded as always. She was a master working on your cock. I could have cum in thirty seconds but she wouldn’t allow it. When she sensed I was nearing orgasm, she would back off to make it last. Finally, she let me have the release I sought. I shot a wad of cum into her mouth that seemed like it might drown her. But Sunny was an expert and she took it in stride as she did the half dozen volleys that followed. She swallowed every drop and sucked until I was near soft. Then, as was her custom, she gave me one final stroke with her hand, producing the last drop of cum, which she removed with her forefinger, then licked clean. She gave my cock a good night kiss and I put him back in his Fruit of the Loom home for the night. Sunny straightened her clothes and returned to the bar. It took a minute for us to return as Tim was absolutely stunned by the performance he had just witnessed and seemed nearly catatonic. I shook him a bit to break the spell and we returned to our seats at the bar, where we enjoyed one final beer before heading home. We waved good bye to Sunny and headed into the night air one more time.

The six mile ride to Tim’s apartment went quickly. Tim spent the entire time absolutely raving about Sunny and how wonderful she was and how lucky I was to be her boyfriend. He had a bad case of puppy love for sure. Tim subtly reminded me that his birthday was in a few days. I promised to take him to dinner when the big day arrived. He would be 30.

The next morning I received my daily call from Sunny and we agreed to meet at the park for coffee in a half hour. Sunny was already there when I arrived and I went to her car to join her. Sunny’s car was actually a small pick up truck, with big wheels. When I opened the door, she was sitting there wearing red short shorts and nothing else. She looked fetching to say the least. I got in, gave her a kiss and her boobs a loving caress. There is definitely something about having coffee with a beautiful, topless woman that gets your day off to a wonderful start. We engaged in a couple of minutes of small talk and then turned to the previous night. Sunny told me that after Tim and I left, she did one final dance for the crowd and that she netted over $800 for the night. She really was quite exhilarated that the locals seemed to prefer her to the professional dancers, though she had no intention of becoming a dancer. I told her that she definitely had turned Tim into a huge fan. She smiled and said, “good, I really liked him, too.” With that, Sunny reached for my zipper, lowered it and brought my cock out. I wasn’t expecting it, so it was kind of soft when it made it’s appearance. Sunny immediately took it in her mouth and I recalled that one of her favorite things is taking a soft cock in her mouth and feeling it grow hard as she sucked it. This girl was magic on your cock and she sucked me to orgasm in just a few minutes. Then, she put on a blue NY Mets t-shirt and got ready to go as she knew I had very little time.

Before I left, I had an idea. “Sunny, would you ever consider doing Tim?”

“What do you mean by ‘doing him’?”

“You know, fucking him, sucking him, that kind of thing.”

“I don’t know, I loved teasing him and I think he did too, but doing him? Why do you ask?”

“His birthday is in a couple of days and I can’t think of any present he would like more than to be with you. We could set it up in any way you are comfortable with. He could join me for morning coffee and you could blow him in the car or we could go to his apartment. I could be there or not, depending on what you prefer.”

“I have never been anyone’s birthday present before, but I need to think on it. Let me call you.”

“Okay, I’ll wait to hear from you,” I said as I kissed her good bye, caressing her right boob as I did.

That evening, I was turning out the lights for the day in the detective bureau when the phone rang. It was Sunny. She was calling from Iggy’s and the background noise was deafening. “I’ll do it, but I want you there and participating and I want to do it at his apartment because I’m more comfortable with the privacy there.”

“Okay, Sunny, why don’t we finalize this tomorrow over coffee. I’ll contact Tim and see when he’s available. You’re off the day after tomorrow, so let’s shoot for that and I’ll talk to you in the morning.” She agreed and went back to work and I went home for the night.

The next day after coffee and the traditional blow job, Sunny and I agreed to celebrate Tim’s birthday in style the next day at noon at Tim’s place. I was granted three hours lost time by the boss. Sunny and I arranged to meet near the deli and she would follow me from there.

At noon on the dot the next day, Sunny pulled up to the deli in her pickup truck. I got out to say hello and her outfit took my breath away. She was wearing a micro mini skirt with no panties. Sitting in the truck, her bush and pussy lips were plainly visible. On top, she wore one of her flannel shirts over the tiniest of halters. To say her cup runneth over was a huge understatement.

We were at Tim’s apartment in a matter of minutes. Sunny buttoned up her shirt so no one could know what she wore beneath. Tim thought we were coming over just to use his bed for a couple of hours. He had no idea what lay ahead. We knocked on the door and heard Tim exhorting us to come in. He got up from the couch wearing a college t-shirt and boxers. As he walked over to greet us, Sunny unbuttoned the flannel shirt, revealing the treasures hidden beneath it. She flung it on the dining room table and stood there provocatively as Tim tried to hide his growing cock. It was no use. His stiff cock popped out of his boxers and we all laughed. “Little brother, I am not here just to use your apartment to get laid. I realize I am two days early, but I brought over your birthday present. I hope you like it.”

“Where is it,” Tim demanded. With that Sunny tore off her halter and yelled, “Right here, Timmy! Come and get it.”

Tim was startled but he took Sunny’s hand and she led him back to the couch, where she shoved him gently into a sitting position. His cock was pointing to the ceiling. Sunny straddled him and buried his face in her cleavage. Tim needed no encouragement. He licked and sucked her boobs with great delight and she rewarded him with a pair of titty hardons. Sunny reached around behind her and took his cock in her hand, stroking it gently at first then with greater vigor. Tim was in heaven. Sunny teased him by putting his cockhead near her pussy, moistening it with her juices, but denying him entrance. She then slid down to her knees in front of him and took his throbbing cock into her mouth, cleansing it of her lubricants and his pre-cum. She sucked him for a minute or so, then stood and directed us into the bedroom, where Tim and I were ordered to strip completely, which we did glady.

Sunny lay on her back on the bed and directed me between her legs, where I was to pleasure her orally. Tim knelt at her shoulders as she began to stroke his cock. I positioned myself so I was kneeling on a pillow on the floor between Sunny’s legs with her beautiful, hot pussy staring right at me. I moved in closer, holding her pussy lips open as I located her clit. I tongued her thighs and moved in to service her pussy as she writhed. I licked and sucked her clit until it doubled in size as Sunny sucked Tim’s cock. Tim had to hang on to the night table with one hand to keep from falling off the bed, while he caressed Sunny’s massive rack with his other hand. I increased both the tempo and pressure on Sunny’s little love button. She responded by grinding her hips in rhythm with my rapid fire tongue motions. I looked up to see that her ministrations to Tim had become somewhat haphazard as she neared her own climax. I knew her body well and did what I needed to do to get her over the edge and she responded with a body earthquake that shook her from top to bottom. Her orgasm overtook her as she moved in a pleasure that cannot be duplicated. Her legs squeezed my head and she completely left Tim high and dry for a moment as she was unable to do anything else. Her spasms seemed to last forever as my tongue continued to stimulate her. When it was over, she slumped to the bed, almost exhausted. But this was Sunny just enjoying the afterglow and planning her next move.

Sunny’s clit became too sensitive for more stimulation, so I stopped and just enjoyed her orgasm figuratively. She only took a minute or so to revel in her pleasure. Then she took Tim’s cock back in her mouth again and sucked him until he was on the brink. I lay on the far side of the bed, just observing. Sunny directed Tim to straddle her and eventually mount her to tit fuck her. Tim was likely ready to deliver a huge load of semen and this time, Sunny wanted to watch it spray onto her. Tim climbed aboard and within a minute or so, he was thrusting his long, thin cock between her tits as she held them together to provide friction in her cleavage. Tim was sweating like a pig as he fucked Sunny’s boobs faster and faster. Finally, he grunted and began to squirt his man juices all over the place. Sunny took a couple of shots to the face before aiming his out of control cock onto her body. Tim’s was a record-setting load. Some of it dripped from Sunny’s nose and she caught it with her tongue. That little indentation directly beneath her throat was filled with the sticky stuff. Sunny gave his deflating pecker a little tug and produced the final drops, which she licked off. I went to the bathroom to get a hot wash cloth for Sunny. When I returned, she was rubbing Tim’s cum into her skin as though it was some kind of moisturizer. She gratefully accepted the wash cloth and used it to de-sticky her face. The three of us lay there on our backs with Sunny in the middle a few minutes, trying to get back to normal for a minute. But, it wasn’t long before Sunny had a cock in each hand, stroking them to erections.

Sunny had us both fired up again in a matter of minutes. She positioned me on my back in the middle of the bed. She straddled my body and quickly positioned my cock within her hot, wet pussy. We re-positioned to allow Tim to kneel next to us so Sunny could blow him again while she and I fucked. In this position, I had a fabulous view of Sunny’s boobs. They really were quite remarkable with a deep tan on nearly her entire body but milky white tits capped with pink nipples. With her on top, her boobs hit me in the face with each stroke. Nothing could be finer. As Sunny fucked me, I reached between her legs and found her clit once again. It was already swollen in anticipation of what lay ahead. Sunny began driving my cock deep within her as I pressured her love button with each stroke. Sunny somehow managed to fuck me, get herself on the edge of another orgasm while giving Tim another great blow job all at once. From the female superior position, I have always been able to time my own orgasm to the very moment of the female’s and this was no exception. Sunny began breathing heavily. Her hip movement became more urgent. She was moments away. I could feel her insides grabbing my cock and twitching as her climax began. I let go with my own orgasm at the same moment and we glided together into the land of pleasure that only happens in these kind of moments. Sunny thrusted and drove my cock into the very depth of her body. My cock exploded into her, depositing wave after wave of love juice inside her. Poor Tim once again got lost in the shuffle and continued to kneel there with a withering dick as we enjoyed our passion. But, Sunny would take care of him and make his problem go away. She just had to enjoy this moment first.
