 It always baffles me when I hear my married friends say that their sex lives are just not that essential anymore. Despite the fact that I have been married to Brendan for nearly ten years now, sex is still one of my favorite parts of our life.

The instant we met I knew we were meant for each other. Soon, we were sharing an apartment, and within a year we were married. 

Eleven years later we still love being together. The secret to our wonderful marriage, our fantastic sex life.

You can't fuck a girl several thousand times and not learn a few things about what excites her. Brendan knows exactly how to tease my nipples with his mouth and stroke my clit with his fingers until I am dripping wet and begging him to fuck me. He knows when I want to be treated like a slut and he can sense when I want to make love softly and gently. 

Brendan can tell when I have had a really stressful day and he knows exactly what I need to relax. All if have to do is slip under the covers and gently caress his cock, within seconds he bounds into action, and I instantly forget about the stresses of the world around me.

Many nights when Brendan is asleep I wake up with that tingling feeling between my legs. I gently scoot over and start kissing his chest and work my way down to his resting dick. Gently caressing his balls until his pole begins to rise. He begins to groan a deep throaty groan. 

His eyes pop open and a smirk comes across his lips. My pussy gets drenched just from the feel of his silky smooth dick growing harder as it slides between my lips, the head bumping the back of my throat with each thrust.

"Hello Baby" he says slyly as he rolls me to my back, gently cupping my breasts in his warm hands. Then he pinches my erect nipple between his thumb and forefinger sending and electric wave though my body as I arch my back in pleasure. He kisses my neck gently as he lets his hand wander across my bare stomach to my neatly shaven mound, and a finger dips gently into the slick opening.

I open my thighs a little wider and with one powerful stroke his engorged cock is completely inside me. He fucks me leisurely while sucking my ample nipples and kissing my neck feverishly. Within minutes I am coming on his cock, and his creamy love juice is filling my hot pussy. Then both satisfied we roll over and go back to sleep. 

Then one night Brendan and I were lying in bed and out of nowhere he asked "Do you ever think about having a threesome, for variety?" 

It was if he has been reading my mind! Hesitantly I answered, "Well, actually, that is something that I have been fantasizing about lately." He urged me to give him the details of my fantasy. Did I have someone in mind? Would I want it to be with a woman or a man? 

If it was a woman would I actually eat her pussy? Would I let him be involved if it was a woman? And so on. Naturally discussing my fantasy aroused us again, so we had a fast and furious fucking session before we had to get some sleep.

A few weeks later as Brendan and I were getting ready to go out, he told me that he wanted me to wear something really sexy that night. After I took my shower, I slipped on my laciest black and red thong, with a matching black bustier, 

I stood in front of the mirror and admired myself, how the bustier shaped my breasts to show extreme cleavage and how the thong framed my well shaven pussy. I slipped on my slinkiest black dress and my come fuck me pumps that Brendan adored so much. I smiled to myself as I thought of how hot my husband would get to see me dressed like this.

When I emerged from the bedroom Brendan was waiting for me dressed and ready to go. As we got into the car I continued to wonder what he was up to, but I figured he would let me in on his little secret soon enough After all he never asked me to dress a specific way before. I always tried to dress nice for him when we went out, but this time there was something different, I just couldn't put my finger on it yet.. 

After a short drive we pulled into a hotel parking lot. " Here you are honey" this is your surprise. I opened my mouth to protest. Don't ask any questions." He ordered or you'll ruin the surprise. Let's just enjoy our evening.

Brendan parked the car and led me into the hotel. He opened the door to the room, it was dimly lit by candlelight and smelled of fresh cut flowers.

He scooped me up in his masculine arms and carried me to the bed. Where he dropped me gently. As I tried to sit up he pushed me back down playfully. 

He slid me sideways on the bed and knelt between my legs. Raising my dress around my waist and began kissing, making his way downward slowly. As he got to my crotch I could feel my love juices beginning to flow from the pure excitement of his playfulness. 

He gently spread my legs and pressed his mouth against my aching pussy. I could feel his hot breath through my thong. He pulled the fabric aside and kissed my soft pink lips. Slowly and gently at first and then invading them with his tongue. Then at the exact right moment he sucked hard on my love button. I moaned softly as my body trembled, as a small but wonderful orgasm washed over my body. I lay back on the bed and arched my back offering him one of my breasts, my erect nipples were poking through the thin material of my dress. He quickly pulled my dress over my head and tossed it to the floor. As I lay back down one of his hands was caressing my nipple while the other slid into my thong. He was working on my nipples rubbing them sternly between his fingers and I could feel another orgasm building.

I really wanted to feel him inside me, but first I had to taste him. I rose up and quickly removed his pants and tossed them off the bed. Removing his silk boxers to display his swollen love rod. I gently took it in my hand and began to stroke it, slowly at first to match his breathing. Then I gently wrapped my moistened lips around his cock, kissing and licking it as I stroked him. 

He grunted as I took his swollen member all the way down my throat. I could feel him gently tugging at my hair as my head began to bob faster and faster. The noise he was making was exciting me more and more so I took his balls in my hand and began to caress and squeeze them. Suddenly, he pushed me away. Looking me in the eye he said "no, not yet." 

Quickly he flipped me around so I was laying on my stomach pulling me backwards into his body so that I was on all fours. His hands slid down my back and removed my panties. He moved in and I could feel the warmth of his enormous cock on my bare ass. I spread my legs further apart to welcome him, but first I felt his fingers slip over my wet pussy and one slipped inside me. I Began to beg him to fuck me. 

He slid his hard cock in my wet pussy slowly at first, and then deeper and harder. He began fucking me faster and deeper, his grip on my bare hips was getting tighter with every stroke. I began to beg him to slow down for fear that I would explode and it would all be over. 

I heard the bathroom door open and I could see a women's figure standing in the door, I froze. What the Hell I thought. I grabbed for the sheet and wriggled away from Brendans grip. As I flipped on the light I recognized the woman standing in the doorway, it was Morgan, a friend of mine from the gym.. 

Morgan walked over to me and without so much as a word grabbed the back of my neck and began to kiss me hard on the mouth, her tongue darting in and out of my mouth. When she finally released me I realized what my surprise was. 

She asked coyly, " Do you mind if I join you?" "Not at all I replied" As she got onto the bed I realized that she was not wearing any panties. That really excited me.

I have known Morgan for a few months now and she has never come on to me, I loved it. She pulled me over so that I was standing beside the bed. She knelt before me and massaged my hungry clit with her fingers. She pushed her face deeply into my desperate pussy. 

By this point Brendan had taken all he could, he had to join in the fun too. He began to fuck me from behind. Brendan slid his hands to my pussy where Morgan was displaying great talent, and spread my lips so she could lick every inch. I heard her groan loudly and looked down to see her rubbing her very large clit. 

My husband began to thrust more powerfully to counter her moans, banging my pussy into her face. She loved it, she began to suck harder and faster as I powerfully came grinding against her mouth.

My husband then whispered to me, "Can I Fuck Her?" 

"Please do" I answered. Smiling slyly. 

Brendan grabbed Morgan by her wrists and pulled her onto the bed. Then without missing a beat he began slamming his cock inside her. He fucked her as if he knew exactly what she needed and wanted, all the time I was laying on the bed beside them, watching his face, while I gently massaged her breasts, and kissing her hard on her mouth. I could see the smile on my husbands face grow as I began to rub my dripping wet pussy . 

The harder he fucked her the faster I rubbed my pussy. As she wrapped her legs around my husbands waist she begged him to fuck her harder. He obliged thrusting in and out of her faster and harder. I reached down to rub her wet love mound and her breathing became faster. She began to moan and call Brendan's name as she arched her back. Pushing her breasts into his chest. 

Morgan screamed out loudly and dug her long nails into Brendan's back as the wave of pleasure swept over her entire body. She shivered slightly and then gave me a coy smile. 

Brendans hard cock was glistening with her cum when he pulled out of her dripping mound. He began to stroke himself quickly. I gave Morgan a quick smile and told my husband to lay back on the bed. She and I preceded to take turns lick his cock. We each put a ball in our hand and rubbed while we both licked his cock each ones tongue touching the other as we licked and sucked him until he shot his warm salty cum all over both of us.

After several more hours of sucking, fucking, and rubbing each other, we collapsed exhausted Morgan between my husband and I . 

From that night on whenever my husband and I are feeling particularly naughty , we call Morgan up and see if we can improve on our first experience.