 Now I knew why Peter was standing behind me. I bit my tongue to keep myself from letting out a yell. My knees went weak and I grabbed for the edge of the table. Peter pressed his body up against me so I wouldn’t collapse on the floor. He put both his arms around me and eased me down onto the seat in the booth.

Both men were grinning from ear-to-ear. Tony said, “Damn, this really works”!!! He pressed the button again, and shudders went through my body as I climaxed again. My clit was in spasms, almost to the point of hurting, as I leaned back against the wall of the booth. I spread my legs wide, to ease the waves of sensations emitting from my pussy, cascading outwards to every point of my body.

Tony looked at Peter and suggested that they check to see if the butterfly really was working. I felt two hands on my legs, searching for the object that was pressing against my clit. Their fingers eased around the edge of it and slid into my pussy. “Boy, is she ever wet...I have never felt anyone so wet just from a couple of quick jabs from a dildo," said Peter.

Tony looked at Peter and asked him if he would like to continue this fun somewhere else. Peter didn’t even hesitate. He replied in the affirmative, adding that he was finished working for the night, AND that he had a small apartment upstairs.

I had gotten my breath back by then. I turned to both of them and asked if I had any “sayso” in the matter. What if I didn’t want to go along with this...Tony said nothing...he just pressed the button on the remote control. I groaned as shock waves pulsed thru my body. I KNEW I would do whatever Tony suggested. There was NO way of taking those straps off, not while I was at the table.

The thought of having sex with a complete stranger was a turnoff at first, but Tony assured me he would be with me the entire time. I was still wobbly when I got on my feet. The little jolts that Tony was sending thru my clit reminded me to do exactly as he demanded.

Each man tucked an arm under my elbows, to steady me, as we headed for the stairs at the back of the club. Peter’s apartment was small but neat. He only stayed in it when he worked late hours and it was too far to get in his car and drive back to the base.

Peter stood in front of me, looking at me from top to bottom. Tony stood behind me, his arms around my waist, the remote control device still in one hand. Peter asked to see what would happen if Tony pressed the button while I was standing up. All he had seen before was from behind, or when I was partially hidden under the tablecloth. “No, No," I groaned, as I felt the tingle and the shock of the dildo, as it seemed to reach the innermost part of me. I arched my back, head thrown back against Tony’s shoulder. Tony held onto me and told Peter to reach and squeeze my tits. I was into spasms as Tony pressed the button to match the jerking of my body. Having Peter’s hands on my tits made it worse. I was having multiple orgasms, one after another.

Peter said he wanted to see what was causing all these spasms, so he reached down, unzipped my skirt, and pulled it off. With no panties on, he could see the straps and the dildo and the swollen lips of my clit. He reached down, around the dildo and inserted first one finger, and then two and three, into my hot throbbing pussy. I wanted more than fingers up my cunt and I started begging.

“Damn it, you both have teased me enough. I want to be fucked right now, by both of you. I don’t want any dildo jerking me off. I want to feel that hard hot meat inside me and I don’t care how you do it. Just please fuck me," I half screamed and moaned.

“Boy, you said she was hot, she needs to be cooled down and I know just how to do it," said Peter. Tony pulled my arms up over my head. Peter pulled my top up and off, exposing my tits and nipples. Tony grabbed for my tits and was squeezing them as we both watched Peter take off his clothes. When he took off his jeans, his rock hard dick burst into view. We both knew he was hot for sex. There wouldn’t be any more foreplay going on now.

Peter was ready and, from the nudging of a hard cock against my ass crack, I knew Tony was ready too. Peter reached down and had the straps and the dildo off in a flash. I was fully exposed to him now.

Peter lay down on the bed and Tony told me to straddle him and sit on his cockhead, while he took off his clothes...then he would help. By this time, the building could have been on fire and I wouldn’t have cared. I climbed up on the bed, straddled Peter, and reached for his throbbing dick. I rubbed his dick on my clit, letting it get wet from the juices that were already running out of my cunt.

I rubbed it back and forth a few time, then centered it at the entrance to my pussy. I was going to slide down on it easy, a little at a time, to tease Peter like he had been teasing me. Tony could see that Peter was getting impatient, so he reached for my waist and pushed me down, hard and fast. Thank heavens I was wet, for it was tight at first.

Peter reached for my tits, alternating squeezing and caressing them, and just brushing the tips of them with his tongue. I couldn’t help it. I had to move up and down on his cock. I couldn’t wait for Tony. I was moaning and mouthing words, tumbling out of my mouth. “Hurry hurry, I want to cum,,,,,,,,oh fuck me like you have never fucked anyone in your life”!

Tony wasn’t completely free of his clothes when the first explosion came from both of us. I struggled to get away from the hands and mouth on my tits, which only seated me more firmly on that raging cock, spewing liquid fire throughout my body. I bucked...I rolled...I pushed...I sucked...I dug into that wonderful heat spreading all through me. I couldn’t get enough...I rode him until I had NO more strength in my body. With one last shuddering spasm, I collapsed on top of Peter’s chest. I just wanted to lie there and rest.

Tony leaned down and whispered for me to open my eyes. Right in front of my face was his monster cock, hard and swollen. “Rest? I don’t think so...I need to be fucked...”

To Be Continued...