 Chapter 1

Formerly - 19 Fucking & Sucking 

The words "Goodnight Daddy" reverberated in his mind as he returned to the bedroom. He found himself with such an incredible erection from the encounter with the nubile teenager that he slipped into bed and immediately sought sexual solace from whichever woman he found closest. That turned out to be Molly, whose ass snuggled up to him as he lay between the two women. His arm draped over her supple form, located her breast and began caressing it, first allowing his hand to trace the underside and then brushing his thumb back and forth over her nipple. He watched it stiffen then pressed his erection into her, trying without success to work it into her pussy. Gripping his erection with his free hand he managed to rub it up and down against her swollen labia. It wasn't long before her juices were flowing and her vagina grew slick and opened of its own accord. Not wanting to awaken Rosa, he pressed his lips to the hollow of Molly's throat, causing Molly to stir on the vestige of wakefulness.

He kept licking and kissing her throat and neck and soon Molly was purring contentedly.

"Hmmm?" she purred quietly.

"I want to fuck you," he whispered, hoarse with desire.

"Mmmm, sure, for you anytime, anyplace, baby."

"Now baby, right now," he managed to keep his voice down but there was no mistaking his urgency.

"Kay," she murmured and using her hand, spread her vagina for him. As he prepared to penetrate her, Molly cocked her hips providing him with a better angle of entrance. Dutch pondered the fact that this woman, only wakened seconds ago, had the wherewithal to feed his cock into her so deftly, without the possibility of waking Rosa just inches away from her.

How wrong he was. Rosa was listening to his seduction, wondering what had brought it about. 'Dutch was such a deep sleeper,' she thought, 'always horny, true, but after a good round of sex he generally slept like a baby. What could have gotten him aroused?' Then she answered her question. 'Of course, its Molly being there with us, he's fucking her and not me because of the newness. Well let him enjoy himself. He might even have something left for me afterward.'

For her part, Molly was in hump heaven. She had everything she could possible want: safety, assurance that at least two people in this world cared for her as well as their promise to help her find a home and job. And as he eased his thick member further into her pussy, she reminded herself of just how much she loved this guy's cock inside her. 'It's been so long since I've been with a man . . . and to have one so good at love making . . . and gorgeous too . . . big, broad and strong; a hot hunk who wanted her.'

Even as Molly reveled in the pleasure sweeping through her system, she recalled the lust in his eyes the first time he'd taken her. She had almost come then and there just from being wanted so much. And his cock . . . it was a thing of beauty. Molly was amazed at its thickness and length. He was much longer than her husband. But most of all she could not believe his endurance. 'How many times had he come that day?' She had no idea, except that it was often.

Arching up to me his thrust, she purred softly, "Ummm, I just love the feel of you inside me," then rocked against him to speed things along.

His hands clenched hard on her hips, but just as she was bracing herself for some hard, driving fucking, she realized she had roused Rosa, who rather than displaying the least evidence of displeasure at finding her lover fucking Molly, had giggled and frenched Dutch's ear.

"Care to join our sunrise seminar?" He asked, smiling at her even as he plowed his blunt instrument to a point mere centimeters from Molly's cervix. Rosa didn't answer, but quickly developed a rhythm with his deliberate thrusts, pushing her cunt against his ass to assist him in fucking Molly.

He was amazed that the women had adapted to one another so quickly and what's more, were inclined to improving the pleasure the other was enjoying with him. He paused in his fucking and turned to Rosa.

"I love you," he said with feeling.

"I love you too," she replied and kissed his shoulder.

"And I love the both of you," Molly chimed in as they all laughed. Dutch hoped they were keeping it quiet enough not to disturb Kathy, who he suspected was listening to any and all sounds coming from the room.

 *** *** *** *** *** ***