 Really?" Bill, my husband said when I said 'ok' to a question he had asked many times.

"Yes Bill, really," I said probably sounding more confident than I felt.

It was a Sunday afternoon. We were lying on the floor of our lounge. We were both naked as we had just had sex. It had been good, in fact it had been very good; I so love being fucked doggy style with me on all fours and with my lover draped around my body. Bill had, not only lasted well for a man in his early fifties, but he had also supplied me with a wonderful range of foreplay including licking my clit, pussy and anus. I had offered to suck him, but he had become too aroused and had wanted to fuck me as soon as possible. 

He had made me cum twice before he exploded inside me and we both collapsed onto the thick pile, beige carpet. We lay there stroking each other and kissing gently. It was then, ten minutes or so after finishing when both of us were just about out of the traumas of our orgasms that he had said.

"I would still love to see you with another woman Dan."

This was a few weeks after Bill had shared me with James, a gorgeous and very rich man he had found from a swingers site on the Internet. That had come about after telling me for the umpteenth time how he would like to see with another woman. I had always completely rejected that idea. We had both shared a rather conservative sex-life with mine being very vanilla. Since the age of nineteen, some twenty-six years ago before I met Bill I had not been with another man. During that time, it had never occurred to me to consider other men as potential lovers. For those twenty-six years, I have been impeccably behaved sexually; I have never had a man touch me or even kiss me other than a peck on the cheek. I have never had any sexual feelings about other women and had always considered myself to be completely straight. As I had said to Bill when he asked me about going with a woman as he watched. 'Women do nothing for me.' He had, half-jokingly I had thought, responded with. 'What about another man then?'

I had taken some persuasion, but in the end agreed. Bill found James on the Internet, we had lunch at a lovely restaurant in Cambridge and then spent the afternoon, evening and night at his lovely converted barn near Magdelene college.

That had changed my outlook on life and my attitude towards sex. I felt as though I had been let free, emboldened and liberated. Deep down I had always been one of those women who felt guilty about enjoying sex. As I had got older that had been less of an issue and the time with James had 'lifted the burden from me.' 

So many things had happened in such a short time that my inhibitions had 'flown out the window.' Then and since I felt no guilt about having and giving oral sex to a virtual stranger or having him fuck me three times. Even more amazingly I had been aroused by watching him firstly caress then suck my husband's cock. 

Since Cambridge, I had been a different woman. I had become sexually curious and adventurous, at least in theory. I acknowledged that I enjoyed sex and felt no shame or guilt in that. I recognised that sex was like a drug, a sort of buzz. I also now realised that it didn't matter how you got the buzz, it was getting it that was key. That's why I was not fazed by Bill having his cock sucked by James and why I had now changed my mind about another woman.

"I'll get onto it" Bill had said.

"But not some slapper from the Internet" I had replied. 

"It was ok with James."

I told Bill that was different and I was not sure I could go with a woman with whom I had no emotional involvement. We talked about it several more times until one evening when he got in from work he said.

"Lyn down the pub," mentioning a girl that sometimes joined a group of us at the local pub we went to most Wednesday evenings. Lyn was an actress who often entertained us with outrageous tales of the goings on behind the scenes and after hours at the theatres and TV studios in which she worked. She had absolutely no inhibitions at all and talked very openly about her sexual exploits giving very strong hints that she might well be bi. "But then no one in the entertainment business knows what the hell they are," she had once to a group of us. 

Probably in her mid to late thirties, but almost certainly not the youthful age she claimed, she was single, but had had a host of partners and made claims to having had, 'far more than I can count or would even want to.' Tall, around 5 feet nine, to my five six she had a dancer's figure. It was slim like mine and neither of had much in the breast department. She had very long legs and what looked to be a supple body going on how one Boxing Day she won the limbo contest in the pub by getting under the pole at eighteen inches, and in a skirt. Quite pretty, but certainly no beauty in my eyes she had a rather hard looking face with thin lips and small eyes, I guess we were not unalike in appearance either. Clearly knowing though how to make the best of make-up, her longish blonde hair, that she usually wore down with a slight frizz to the tresses and her lithe long-legged figure, unlike me she always looked dramatically glamorous and, I suppose, fairly available. Despite this, I had never heard any rumours in the village about her going with anyone from nearby but several times she was seen in local restaurants with women who presumably stayed at her flat overnight. Hence there was a fair amount of goodhearted speculation about her sexuality

On balance, I thought that Bill had made a good choice from an availability viewpoint certainly, but the thought of it still did nothing sexually for me and I was really dreading it should it happen. 

For most women to 'fancy' another person there generally needs to be more than a physical attraction. Sexually I think that is the defining difference between the genders. Broadly speaking a man will fuck a woman if he finds her attractive. We don't do that either, with male or female partners. Something else is needed. Lyn was certainly attractive and sexy enough for me, but that 'something extra' wasn't there.

"Do you think you could ask her?" he flabbergasted me by asking. That was the limit and we had a blazing row with me telling him that I had changed my mind and that he could "fuck off if he wanted." This went on for a few days during which his manipulation was at its most extreme and effective. Inevitably, I suppose I once more agreed that I would do it but I would not ask her. I thought and rather hoped that would be the end of it.

In his own indomitable way Bill solved the dilemma. She came into the pub a couple of Wednesdays later talking, as usual, about her latest adventures and sexual exploits in the theatre. "Well just the producer and leading man" she replied to someone's query as to whether she had got lucky. "Oh messed around with the leading lady as well of course, got to keep in with the power brokers hasn't a girl?" she beamed at us completely unabashed.

Bill managed to get the three of us alone at one end of the bar and cleverly turned the conversation around to rather saucy matters asking her about her exploits. This went on for a while with Lyn and him becoming ever more open and then, right out of the blue he came out with.

"You know Lyn, I reckon you could help an old married couple rekindle the spark in their marriage couldn't you?" 

She made some witty response ending with. "Any couple in mind Bill?" 

Laughing he said. "Well I bet you can guess can't you?" 

She looked at both of us and went on. "Close to home are they?" 

"Yes very," he replied moving if anything closer to her as she said.

"What did you have in mind?"

I could hardly believe what was happening as he went on very boldly with what seemed to be the bombshell.

"I've always wanted to see my wife with another woman?" 

There was silence as Lyn's gaze slowly went from Bill to me and back again. It seemed to me as though she was thinking about it and I was rather hoping she would say no and go off in a huff. She took a sip of her drink as she once more looked at me and back to him before saying softly.

"Mmmm might be fun." She looked at me and held my gaze as she said very softly. "What do you think Dani, is it OK with you?" 

As they both stared at me I could hardly breathe let alone reply so, like a fool, I just nodded and covered my embarrassment by putting the glass to my lips. 

"Why not get another round Bill?" Lyn said.

"Sure, same again?" We both nodded and he went off to the bar.

Lyn moved very close to me and said in a whisper. "Are you comfortable with this Dani?"

That made me feel much better. "Yes Lyn, yes I think I am."

"Presumably it's Bill's idea."

"Yes."

"And have you been with a woman before?"

I shook my head and said ver quietly. "No never."

"Have you wanted to?"

"No."

"So why now and why me?"

"Bill and I are experimenting with different thing. He has been asking me for probably ten years if I would go with a woman."

"And you have said no, so what has made you change your mind?"

I gave her quick synopsis of the episode with James. She said she understood and asked.

"Has that sort of freed you up Dani?"

"Yes, well it seems to have done that, but also it has made me curious about many aspects of sex and has prompted me to want to try more. I have led a very closeted sex-life. Until James I had not been with a man other than Bill since before we were married. Does this all make sense?"

"Yes, perfectly, I have sort of been there myself and got the too tight wet tee shirt."

I laughed. "Are you ok with it."

"Oh yes I am very ok, to tell you the truth I have always fancied you and Bill."

As she was saying that Bill returned and heard her say that.

"Hold on a sec Lyn. Flattered though I am, this does not necessarily include me. It might just be you and Dani as I watch."

"Yeah right," she said laughing. "Pigs might fly."

"True" Bill replied. "This is all a about Dan and me experimenting and I have this really big"

Lyn interrupted laughing. "Really now? You are a lucky girl Dani."

"I was going to say. Really big thing about being voyeur."

"Well it his choice isn't it Dani."

"Sure is, but Bill you did say the same about James."

"And what happened then?" Lyn asked.

"He joined in."

"As he will I bet with us Dan, if he is anything of a man he will not be able to resist the two of us together."

"Well we'll see won't we?" Bill said.

Lyn seemed surprised and again asked if I was ok with it. Her understanding and consideration for my feelings together with her confession that she reiterated about fancying me and her looks and body began to provide that 'something extra.'

Things then progressed quite quickly and it was arranged that the three of us would have lunch on Sunday at the pub then go back to our house, which was just a short walk away.

I hardly thought of anything else between then and Sunday and several times I tried to talk Bill out of it but there was no way that he was going to agree so my destiny was set for Sunday. 

My feelings about going with Lyn were very mixed. The actual thought of being with a woman was very daunting again, but was slowly becoming exciting as well was exciting. Several times I thought of ringing Lyn and saying let's forget it, but I didn't and by time if nothing else I was becoming more and more committed

The idea of having sex with her in front of Bill was, when I was really honest with myself appealing; the exhibitionist side of me that had reare its ugly head with James was surfacing again.

I guess my main objection was the rather cold-blooded nature of the whole thing. I think that I would have been happier had it have been spontaneous when we were all a little tipsy. If Lyn and I had got it on like that I don't think I would have had a problem The idea that we had propositioned her, had planned what we were going to do and when we were going to do it and now I had wait the few days was unappealing. In fact the Thursday, Friday and Saturday seemed interminably long. The bonus, though, was that Bill and I made love each of those nights and without the aid of the camera hence, I fucked him and not that for a change!

Funnilly enough, the prospect of the sex with Lyn, was not as daunting I would have imagined it would be. The daunting aspect was that I had no idea what I should do with her. The emotional side of it was sorting itself out. I liked Lyn, could see that she had a lovely body and that Billclearly fancied her all helped. Just why Bill wanted to see me with another woman was a strong concern. That was accompanied by his refusal to answer fully whether he would want to join in. 

"I don't know if I would want to or whether I would prefer just to watch the two of you two," he said very non-committal. I wanted to ask what he would do if he did join in, but I guess I was scared of the answer so I didn't.

At the lunch I purposefully drank more than I usually did at that time. We were all friendly and Bill was on top form. When he wants to be, which is usually more in business than social situations, he can be charming company. And with Lyn he was just that. He was very chatty cracking jokes and making double entendres that Lyn and even I could not help smiling at. 

When he went to the loo she said to me. "Are you really ok with this Dani?" 

I again nodded and said that I was a little nervous. She went on. "Look if at any time you want to stop just say so and I'll piss off, ok?" The 'something else' was becoming more and more in play!

Just as I saw him coming back Lyn asked, 

"So what's it all about?" 

"Who knows, male menopause perhaps" I replied as Bill returned and Lyn laughed.

In the house, Lyn sat in the middle of a settee her feet tucked under her bottom. As she was wearing a short, black skirt she was showing her legs almost up to her panties and that, and the fact that the pink, loose knit top she was wearing outside her skirt was showing that she wasn't wearing a bra, made for a very come on sexy pose. Bill poured us brandies and I made coffee that we sipped as we chatted almost as though nothing was unusual. 

"You have a lovely house," she said after a while and Bill asked if she would like to look round it adding. "Come on Dani let's show Lyn round."

I realised that he had thought out the route for we got to our bedroom last. "And here Lyn," he said coaxing her into the room in front of us, "is where Dani and I have our fun and where hopefully you and her are going to."

This is it I thought, no way out now, no going back. "Why don't I get us a nice bottle of wine?" he suggested. "As you two work out the fun." 

We were standing close and she said again. "You sure Dani?" very softly and throatily. This time I did reply.

"Yes Lyn I'm OK."

Bill returned with a bottle of champagne and poured us all a glass. "Here's to a fun afternoon," he toasted, raising his glass adding coyly. "May I take a couple of photos of you Lyn?" Lyn raised her eyebrows but the actress came out if in her and she said. "Sure," immediately striking a couple of poses. 

"Why not sit on the bed Lyn?" Bill suggested getting his camera and taking the focus and light readings. He took a few shots and then said very huskily. "Shall we all get er more comfortable?" 

"You can put that away then," Lyn said sharply, "I don't want any more taken. I don't want to see my tits in The Sun. I have my reputation to maintain you know?" She went on, but now smiling.

It hadn't really occurred to me that Bill would undress and I was taken aback when he unbuttoned his shirt and started on his trousers. Lyn smiled and slid her hands behind her obviously finding the zip on her skirt and looking at me as if to encourage me to follow. I reached round my back and with very shaking hands pulled the zip of my dress down. As she slid her, almost micro skirt down so I dropped my floral patterned, quite loose dress to the floor and stood before her in my underwear. She was now in just her panties, a frilly thong I noticed, and the fairly loose top through which her nipples, that were clearly throbbingly hard, poked very alluringly. 

She moved a little closer saying. "Lovely underwear Dani, Janet Regar?"

I managed. "No it's Perla" just as I saw Bill now in his boxers move over to a chair on the other side of the bed. I could see the bulge in his boxers that showed he was already very erect. 

Lyn said. "Let's sit on the bed Dani." I sat beside her on the side of it. "May I?" she asked leaning behind me her hands going to my bra strap. She didn't wait for my reply presumably assuming there was no need, which there wasn't, but I felt so nervous and my heart was pounding. I felt it being undone and the cups being eased away from me. 

I still didn't feel very sexually aroused and I sat there rigid and tense extremely aware that just a few feet away my husband was reclining in a chair nearly naked watching every move. I could not look at him, though I wasn't sure whether that was embarrassment, guilt, shame or something else. Instead, I sat there looking down at my legs. Lyn was still half behind me and out of my line of vision so I did not know whether she and Bill were looking at each other and all I could see were her hands that were by my sides on the bed. It was actually fascinating to watch them as they started to move and I remember thinking 'she's going to touch me' as they, so slowly it seemed, moved upwards I closed my eyes still feeling far from sexually aroused, but certainly excited and intrigued by the situation.

It was only then that I suddenly wondered whether Bill and Lyn were in collusion on this. 'Maybe' I thought 'this was all a set up!'

And then I felt the gentlest of touches. The softest of caresses. The most delicate brushing of her fingertips against my nipple She ran them round my areola tantalisingly slowly energising the Montgomery bumps that were the result of childbirth. She gradually moved closer and closer to the centre of each orb so that she then pressed with what was just the amount of pressure. My nipples obviously reacted and as they grew so she gently squeezed them between her fingers and thumbs. Pulling on them with hardly any pressure at all she coaxed them to their most extreme hardness and on until they were at their largest, swollen erectness; they were aching so much. Now I was becoming aroused and thus, as her hands cupped each of the orbs and began to caress them gently so I gasped a couple of times. 

"Ok lovely?" She whispered into my ear, her tongue licking just inside it.

The feelings were so good and so intense that I slowly forgot Bill and really that it was another woman doing this to me. In my mind she became an anonymous object and a vague figure now giving me so much pleasure. It was a similar set of feelings that had slowly eveloped me with James. 

There was a promise of so many sensations to come, so many different experiences and so many thrills for me. Nothing was said. I suppose it wasn't necessary. Lyn continued arousing me for ages. She was so patient and considerate, taking her time, relaxing me, priming me, getting me ready I suppose. From a having sex with another women point of view that wasn't necessary. I was ready for that, I had been for days I now realised. So the physical aspects were not really a concern to me, although they seemed to be to Lyn. It was more my emotional reactions that were of concern. I couldn't help thinking: just why Bill was putting me through it, what did it say about our marriage and our sex life, both of which I knew were not as good as they had been in the past? Was this the start of something as the photography had been? Would it lead to him suggesting that we have more threesomes? Would it prompt me to go with other women when he wasn't around and first and foremost in my mind would it end up with me having an affair or affairs with a man, or a woman?
