 ...the three of us more or less collapsed onto the picnic table and bag chairs closest to us. After a couple minutes Rita broke our silence.

"Holy crap, Wayne, I don't think that's the first dick I've had since I had yours here last year! If I ever wanted one of those all the time, I think I'd want it to be yours!"

"Well, thanks, honey. I know that's high praise from you."

Mandy laughed at our exchange, I'm sure it sounded odd; but Rita and I have known each other a while and been thru a lot. I stretched out and grabbed us all a cold one from the cooler and after passing them around looked in awe at the two ladies in front of me. It wasn't the first time I'd done something like this, not even the first time with Rita; but this one really seemed special. Not only did everyone get off, we all got off at nearly the same moment, doesn't always work out that way. 

"That was awesome, Rita, I didn't expect it to be different with another woman; but it was. Or maybe it was the whole deal that made it that good?"

"Always glad to be someone's 'first'. Maybe we'll have another go at it sometime? You might even like a little taste of mine?"

With that Rita adjusted her skimpy clothing back into shape and headed back toward the stage to watch the show, or something. I reached a hand out to Mandy and asked:

"So, how do you like bike rallies and Oklahoma?"

"Ah, I'll let you know when we're ready to head out, no complaints so far. It's been a busy day, are you ready to sleep with me yet?"

I chuckled and lead her to my tent, pulling back the entry flap to let her in first and pick a side on the queen sized airbed inside. We arranged ourselves, set up a fan for some air movement and snuggled in for a long nap. I rolled on my side behind Mandy's lovely round ass, tucked my well used soft dick between the cheeks, reached around for a handful of tit and was ready for sleep. It must have suited her as well as we both drifted off in seconds.

I don't usually have sexually explicit dreams but I thought I was having one the next morning. It was a dream of a glorious blow job from a hot brunette with big boobs, just before I came in my dream the sun struck my eyes and brought me full y awake just in time to see it was no dream but Mandy sucking my cock and swallowing my cum. I let out a satisfied moan and she looked up, licking a stray drop from the corner of her mouth. The look on her face told me she had gotten what she wanted for the moment. Feeling a bit guilty at not being a more active participant in the morning's action, I pulled her up into my arms for a 'good morning' kiss. The tangy taste of cum was still on her lips. With the intent of returning the favor I rolled her onto her back and started working my way down her body, trailing my tongue across her shoulders, and lingering on her breasts and nipples before ending the trip with my lips around her pussy. 

I may be in the minority of men; but I really like eating pussy. Love the taste, the juicy feel as it gets wetter and wetter, and always want to see what I'll get when the lady gets off. Sometimes a squirt, some time just an extra amount of sweet pussy juice, and sometimes a change in taste right before she cums. Mandy was already wet when I got there, either from last night's activity or from sucking me off. I licked my way around her lips, dipping my tongue inside her as far as it would reach, swirling her clit and sucking on her little erection. She was moving her ass around the bed, keeping my face pushed firmly into her crotch and holding onto my hair and sometimes my ears to direct my assault on her orgasm. Her wetness was soon spread all over my face, the taste becoming sweeter the longer I spent licking her entrance. Soon she thrust her hips into my face, clamped her thighs around my head and pushed me hard down onto her.

"Right there, oh yeah, right there. Just a little more do me faster, faster...ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, that's it here I cum!!!!!"

Those are words every pussy-licker likes to hear. I kept my mouth planted on her as she flooded my mouth with a fresh flow of her sweetness. I looked up into her eyes and asked:

"Do you want some more of that, or can I put my cock inside you now?"

"I'd like some dick if you've got some ready for me, thanks for asking."

I laughed, raised my self up, and slowly slid my stiff cock into the hot juice of Mandy's ready pussy. She felt even better than she had yesterday, somehow hotter and tighter. I rested with her tits pressed into my chest and began thrusting as deeply as possible. We found our rhythm and were soon both moaning and mumbling incoherently. I held one of her hips as I slowed the pace a bit and dropped my head to engulf a hard pink nipple. She reached a hand between us and squeezed my shaft before spreading her lips wide to help make some contact with her clit. Her fingers were soon busy teasing her clit, and still managing to rub my cock when it was sliding in and out.

"Wayne, I'm gonna cum soon, do you have another one for me, too?" Mandy whispered between moans.

"I think so, feels like I'm close, too. Tell me when you're starting to cum?"

I increased my speed and tried to hold on as she was thrusting against me as hard as I was into her. We were both determined to get off together. Her free hand went first to her mouth and the she began playing with my nipples, something guaranteed to make me cum soon. I leaned back down and sucked hers into my mouth, swirling my tongue around them and gently biting as well. The nipples did the job on both of us; I felt my cock jump inside her as I began to cum and was rewarded with her pussy clamping me firmly as she squeezed it milking me. Her juices flooded my balls as she came again. I collapsed onto her chest and my softening dick slid free the combined results dripping off of it and onto us. After a few moments to recover I asked if she was ready for a shower and breakfast.

"I think so and we probably won't need quite as much time in the shower this morning? Or will we?"