 I can see you smile as the three of us undress. I live for that smile. He has been with us for a few weeks now, and its been good..but tonight..we want it to be special. I can tell you are as nervous as you are excited, by the way you keep lightly touching me, watching my face. I answer your fears with a deep long kiss, and I cant help but shiver as I feel your fingernails slide down my back. He watches smiling, knowing that some pleasures belong to you and I alone.

We slip into the bed, and he tells us that he wants to serve. I lie back, and you sit by my head, and watch as he begins to run his hands over my body. I love the way you can never quite look away. I glide my hands up and down the smooth skin of your inner thigh as his own hands bring me full erect. You lick your lips as he lowers his mouth to my cock. My fingers slip inside you then, and you gasp.

We are playing now, and we all know it. When he slides his tongue along the sides of my cock, I rub my thumb over your clit. When his warm mouth sucks on my head, my fingers slip into your pussy. You grin at me, laughing and happy. No one is trying to make anyone cum. Yet.

You rise, and kneel over me, letting me lick at your lips, your clit. My mouth can barely reach you, and you know you are teasing me. Still you shiver every time the tip of my tongue flicks over your clit. You keep glancing back over your shoulder at our friend, as his head bobs up and down.

He stops sucking on me, and I surprise you my pulling you down, so my tongue fills you. You give a short cry, and grip the headboard of your bed. I fuck you with my tongue, enjoying your sweet musky flavor, as I hear him open the bottle of lube,a nd begin getting both himself and my cock ready.

I release you, and you slide beside me, eyes wide, as he gets on top of me. I hold my cock steady, as he lowers himself onto it. He is quite new at this, and he is still tight. Your eyes flick back and forth between my face, and my cock, disappearing into his ass. He is very still when I fill him completely, for a moment. He is as hard as we have ever seen him, and I see your hand slip between your thighs, and start to stroke your lips as he begins to rock back and forth. I don't want to send ether of us over the edge, so I stay very still, not touching him, as he fucks himself. We are watching you, watching us. Watching your fingers running back and forth, slipping into your pussy. You are making little sounds, breathy and fast. He sides all the way up my shaft, then slowly back down, and his sighs.

He reaches out, and wraps a hand in your long hair and, pulling, guides your head down to his cock. The tip is damp, straining, and you let yourself be tugged to it. You lap at the tip and he groans. You lower your head and start to ease him into your mouth. I have the perfect view of him sliding into you, your cheeks bulging. You start to suck him hard, him working his fingers in your hair, pushing your head down just enough to get him into your throat. I slip my fingers up, and between your legs, and start to work your pussy. You moan around his cock, and he moans in response.

I start to work my hips, fucking him now. Your eyes are closed, taking him deep, sucking him hard. I am rubbing your clit as hard as I am able, and I can see your thighs trembling . I encourage you, saying "Take it baby, take it", and rubbing you harder. I feel his ass tighten suddenly, and then I see you swallowing hard, whimpering as I rub your clit faster. You pull back fast, and cry out hard as you cum, and all at once I am cumming hard, and he moans as he feels me.

You lay back licking your lips as he slowly dismounts off me. For a time we are quiet, basking, recovering. Then I lean over and start to kiss you, wrapping my hands around you, holding you tight.

You suggest a shower, and we agree, and follow you to the bathroom. We take turns washing the sweat from each other...joking and laughing. Once we are all fresh and clean, you lean in to shut off the water. On impulse I hook two fingers into your pussy, and you freeze. I fingerfuck you hard, fast as the water streams down your body. You are moaning as he moves up behind you. I see his hands encircle your waist, and then one start to tease your ass. Your moans get louder, filled with need. I look at him, and we both know you are ready. We release you, and shut off the water. As we dry each other, you are constantly stimulated and touched; as he drys your back, I am kissing you, my fingers teasing your pussy. As I dry your front I see him kissing the back of your neck, your shoulders..and teasing your ass more.

We rush back to the bed, and climb in. I start to kiss you, fiercely, and he is tight behind you, kissing your neck and shoulders. Your hands find us, and you start to run your hands over us both. You seem pleased to feel both of our cocks hard and ready. I guide you to all fours, and slide under you. I begin to lavish your pussy with kisses and licks. I softly suck on your lips, then thrust hard into your pussy. 

I try not to gasp when I feel your lips encircle my cock. I start to run the tip of my tongue over your clit in fast little circles, as you suck my cock hard and slow. I feel you tense and start to moan, as he kneels behind you and starts licking your ass. You release my cock and lay your head on my body whimpering as our mouths explore and taste you. 

I slip out from underneath you, and let you straddle me. I cant help but to moan myself as I feel you slide wetly over my cock. Your pussy is familiar, but intense, and a feeling I will never tire of. You plant your hands on my shoulders,a nd start to ride me. We fuck slowly, enjoying the pure pleasure of each other, and knowing just how to move. I work my hips to meet each downward movement that you make, and I lick the sweat off your nipples. He appears behind you, and slowly pushes you down onto me, changing your angle. I see him spread your ass, and slowly thrust forward. I know when the head of his cock enters you, because you bite down on my chest and cry out. I remain frozen as he enters your ass, inch by inch, as you gasp and shiver. I can feel him, pressing up against my cock through the silky walls of your pussy. At last he is inside you fully, and we start to move. Very slowly we thrust into you together, fucking you slowly, gently, making you sob with pleasure. For minutes we do this, slow, sweet, enjoying every second. I can feel your fingernails dig in to my shoulders.

"You want it harder, don't you?", I ask

I can feel your pussy tighten at the words, and see you bite your lip as you nod.

"Say it."

You whimper, and tighten up more. I feel a gush of wet heat. "If you want to get fucked, than you have to say it."

You dig your nails in hard enough for me to know I will have marks in the morning. You moan, then "Fuck me.." in a whisper.

"Louder!"

"Oh please, fuck me. Fuck me now." The last was almost a scream as we both thrust hard and deep into you. Its hard to keep the rhythm like that, and he grabs roughly into your hips,and pulls you back and down onto our cocks. It feels like I am soo deep inside you and you cry out in pleasure. I grip your lower hips and pull you into our thrusts. Your cries get louder and louder as I feel your pussy tighten and pulse. Every time we pull you down onto our cocks, your body spasms. I can feel you, wet as the rain, as hot as a furnace, gripping me as you slide up and down, and I can feel him, swollen and hard. We fuck you as long as we can, letting you cum and cum, until I feel him shooting, the throbbing of his cock, and I cannot help but join him. I pull you close and kiss you as hard as I can as we cum, our cries mingling in our mouths, then its over and we are kissing fiercely.

When we can all move again, we dress, and see him to the door. We are already making plans for next week, as he leaves. I kiss your lips, and hold your hand as we go to bed, together.