 Goodies:
"A Special Treat" continued...

Both ladies scampered into the bedroom, their heavy tits bouncing up and down with each step. Darcie pulled her shorts along with her panties off her short legs and tossed the garments into the nearby hamper. Heather followed suite. Noticing Darcie still had her bra on; Heather hooked her index finger onto the bra clasp just as Darcie went for the bed. The brunette had only taken a step and a half before she noticed that she was caught on something.

"What's going...? HEY!" Darcie turned and feigned her surprise at Heather. Just as she noticed, Heather let the bra strap go and listened to the slight snap of the material hitting Darcie's bare flesh. Darcie reached around and rubbed her back. "That wasn't very nice, you bitch!"

"C'mon and take it off, girl!" The redhead was giddy with anticipation while fixing her eyes on Darcie's mammoth jugs.

With that said Darcie grabbed her friend's skinny pale arms and forced her onto the bed. "Why don't you make me take it off?" Darcie was on top of Heather before she could react.

"I guess you were paying close attention when I told you about the guy who gave it to me rough," Heather quietly stated to her friend.

"Shut up," Darcie took the initiative by pinching her girlfriend's swelling nipples and watching her gasp and moan from the pleasure coursing through her body. Heather brought her hands up to help Darcie on her journey to a climax. "Nuh-uh, you can't touch yourself this time, sugar."

"But I can touch you, can't I?" Before Darcie could answer, Heather brought her hands up underneath Darcie's light olive skinned boobs and kneaded them to the sight of her friend's face contorting to the delightful sensations she was experiencing. Darcie brought her upper body up so Heather could touch more of her massive tit flesh and send more indulgent stimuli throughout her being. Darcie's hands brought their area of play out further than Heather's pink nipples. Her fingertips pushed and groped their way into Heather's nubile flesh.

"You nipples are so hard and so soft," Darcie said breathlessly. "I just enjoy the feel of touching them and kinda squishing your boobs together."

"I know, you're making me so wet. Are you getting wet on my stomach?"

Darcie hadn't noticed earlier, but she was getting wet. She rose up to looked below her and there was a wet smear on Heather's nicely shaped abs. Darcie gave her friend a slightly embarrassed look after acknowledging the sight of her own juices.

"It's okay," Heather said. "I'm probably putting a helluva wet spot on your bed. Here, let me take your bra off of you. That band must be getting tighter by the second."

The band of her bra was the least of Darcie's concern. She couldn't believe she was in an intimate tit feeling session with one of her best friends. It was also hard to believe that the pills Heather had supplied to be mixed with the fudge had turned both of their tits into huge, sensitive mountains. Darcie looked down at her enormous jugs and tried to guess what cup size they were. Before, her 38E cup breasts hung down to rest on her top ribs of her rib cage. Now, they hung quite a bit lower. She thought of the various models in her boyfriend's porno magazines and tried to make a mental comparison. The best she could come up with were the ones with the super fake tits. Still, her boobs and Heather's boobs didn't look so hard and stretched out. They felt supple and natural. They had some weight to them and didn't look like blown up balloons.

Heather tossed Darcie's bra to the floor and continued feeling her good friend up. She circled her fingertips around Darcie's darker areola. It took all of Heather's ability to keep playing with her friend's bosoms and not just give in to the joy of the wonderful tit groping Darcie was giving her.

"God, this feels so fucking good. I wanna rub my clit. It feels like it's going to burst, but I can't stop rubbing your titties, Darcie."

"I know," Darcie replied breathlessly. "I never thought I really would do this with another woman. Sure, I've masturbated myself to some of my boyfriend's porno magazines, but I always thought I was sort of timid to do anything like this."

Heather brought her hands up and mashed Darcie's mammoth jugs together and flicked her nipples and resumed her groping. Darcie gasped at the change in the tit play. "Just do whatever feels natural, Darc. We're just two friends giving each other a hand."

With that said, Darcie reluctantly stopped caressing Heather's breasts and bent down to kiss her friend on the lips. At first, it was a lingering peck. Then, Darcie looked into Heather's green eyes and saw a longing for more. She bent her head down again and nuzzled Heather's nose with her own in an Eskimo kiss. Then, her mouth went in for another kiss. This time there was more "oomph" behind it. Both girls' lips loosened the longer their kiss held. Darcie's warm tongue slowly slid in between Heather's soft lips. Heather's tongue instinctively met Darcie's and went further into her mouth. Heather pressed face harder into Darcie's with a likewise response. Both girls slowly pulled away from each other, each one gently smooching again at the other but only kissing the air between them.

It only took Darcie a moment to let her emotions get the best of her and drape herself over her friend and embrace her tightly. Their large breasts pushed into each other, the rock hard nipples poking into their soft flesh. Heather returned the embrace in kind. Both girls could feel the other tightening the hold around their torsos and driving their greatly proportioned mammaries into one another.

"I don't know if this is the pills talking or if this is something I've had pent up inside, but I love you." Darcie brought her face back down to Heather's again to engage in a passionate kiss. Pulling back, Heather cleared her throat to speak.

"It's probably the pills talking, sweetie." She caressed her friend's smooth, round face. "Still, we've been really good friends for quite a while. It's natural to feel this way I'm sure. I know you love your man so very much."

"Yeah, if I'm serious about getting married to him. He didn't even cross my mind while we were kissing! Still, he's a great guy and I wouldn't want to do anything to lose him."

"I'm sure you won't, Darc. Besides, I love you too. We're kinda like sisters... well, sisters with benefits I guess." Heather let out a demure giggle and lightly pushed Darcie's head back down to hers to enjoy another beautiful kiss. Just then, both girls heard a noise by the doorway. They quickly turned their heads to see what was going on. Both women suddenly felt like they were being watched and could sense each other's nervous feelings as well as their own. Both of their hearts beat faster out of fear when they saw the perpetrator of the alarming noise.

Standing in the doorway was a tall, slightly built man with long blonde hair reaching past his shoulders. His dick was hanging out of his jeans as he stroked it and watched the two busty beauties during their tit play. The voyeur looked just as alarmed as Darcie and Heather once he'd been spotted. All of his actions stopped immediately once he realized he'd been caught.

"Darcie? Baby, what's going on?"

"Oh baby... I, uh... I..."

The man was still in shock at the sight of his girlfriend and one of her best friends both naked on his bed. "Heather? What's going on here?"

"What's going on over there, huh?" Heather quickly snapped out of her shock and took control of the situation. Her eyes were fixed on the semi erect cock with a dab of precum at the top.

Darcie got up from her friend and went for her lover. "Honey, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean for... I thought you were gone at... Oh fuck what have I done?" Darcie began to sob and leaned towards her boyfriend, burying her face in his chest.

The blonde dude stood motionless and in shock at what had just transpired. Here he was with his dick hanging out of his jeans and had been caught playing with himself to the sight of his girlfriend and her best friend making out all hardcore in his bedroom. To add to his arousal, both girls' breasts seemed to be almost triple or quadruple in size. Of course, he'd always fantasized about Darcie making out with a really hot girl, but never imagined it'd really happen. Being the crafty individual he knew he was; he hadn't said a word when he investigated the noises coming from the bedroom he shared with the beautiful and busty Darcie. At first, he'd figured that she was masturbating to a porno movie. It took every ounce of his own self-restraint to keep from vocally expressing his surprised feelings to see both heavy-chested females sexually pleasuring each other. Now, the woman he had fallen in love with over two years ago had practically cheated on him, but any sort of exacerbated feelings of her infidelity had not even surfaced. His penis throbbed more once his body adjusted and recognized the touch of Darcie's new jugs mashing into his stomach. Darcie pulled back and dried her eyes to see her boyfriend's member rigid and pointing straight to his bellybutton.

"Honey, I'm not upset..." Darcie's lover gently placed two fingers below her chin and raised her head to face him.

"Judging by that growing monster you've got there, you can't be that upset," Heather chimed in.

"Heather, please," Darcie cried, her voice still shaky.

"Baby, I'm not mad. I'm just shocked. That's all." The blonde guy helped Darcie to the foot of the bed and sat next to her. Heather moved over a little bit to accommodate her friends. Darcie turned to the redhead.

"Heather, could you please give us a moment?"

"I don't think that's necessary, hun," Darcie's boyfriend motioned for Heather to come sit back down. "I don't know what happened to you two, but you both look like goddesses! Why don't you two finish up and tell me what happened when you're done."

Heather leaned towards Darcie and began kissing her neck and shoulders. "C'mon Darc, let's get back to what we were doing. For all I care, he can join in..."

Noticing Darcie's reluctance, her boyfriend quickly responded to Heather's idea. "I'll just get back to what I was doing if you two don't mind. For right now, I'm fine just watching. Besides, all of us need to test the waters first, right?" Darcie was first to nod in answer to her boyfriend. Heather kept rubbing her girlfriend's back and brought her other hand up to cup her enormous melons. Darcie still didn't respond and just stared past her boyfriend. He reached out and stroked her face.

"Darcie, you do what feels comfortable to you right now. I love you no matter what." He brought her face to his for a gentle kiss. The passion in their lips and tongues grew and grew until they were forcing their mouths onto one another. Finally, Darcie pulled back from her mate. They just sat there staring into each other's eyes until she saw her boyfriend's hazel eyes switch their focus to something beside Darcie. Darcie turned and saw Heather sitting right next to her. She could see the passion in her redheaded friend's eyes and mashed her dark lips into Heather's before anyone could say a word.

The blonde man leaned back towards the pillows and grabbed the Vaseline out of his nightstand drawer. Both girls seemed to shut him out and continued kissing each other like there was no tomorrow and grabbing handfuls upon handfuls of supple titflesh from one another. He dipped his fingers in the jar and smeared a glob of the jelly on his member and slowly jerked himself back to a complete engorged hardness he rarely achieved.

Both girls grabbed their own immense dairies and thrust each one into the other's face. Heather wrapped her lips around the dark nubbin on Darcie's right breast and sucked it hungrily. Darcie moaned loudly and uncontrollably from the stimuli her friend's lips and tongue were delivering to her sensitive flesh. Darcie retorted by gripping her friend's giant mammaries. There was definitely more than a handful in each of Darcie's hands. The tighter Darcie clenched onto the heavy jugs, the more Heather's creamy white flesh spilled out of her olive-skinned fingers.

Heather let out a throaty groan into Darcie's nipple and sent her Sapphic lover into a climax. Darcie's boyfriend couldn't believe what he was seeing. These two girls were genuinely lusting for one another. It was so surreal knowing that he had somewhat lusted for the redhead and that the other girl was the girl he chose to spend the rest of his life with. He pumped his dog harder and harder at the sight of Darcie's orgasm. He could definitely tell when she was cumming and she was cumming big time!

The busty brunette grabbed her redheaded friend's head and yanked it off of her turgid nipple. She could feel her friend's teeth instinctively clamp down just lightly on the tip of her teat to get one last iota of contact with the erogenous zone. Darcie and Heather shared the same exhausted look on their faces as they briefly stared into each other's eyes. Both were so horny and unsatisfied and unrelenting that they couldn't stand to not touch each other. Before they could do another thing to each other, Darcie pulled her friend in again for another kiss. Her pierced tongue wrestled all over Heather's and received the same treatment in return. Their mouths allowed for breathers by going to a few open-mouthed kisses before lashing the tongues back into the orifice of the other girl.

Both girls simultaneously groped furiously for the other's breasts. This make out session saw a flurry of very busy hands. Fingers were twisting and pulling and squeezing on foreign breast flesh and nipples. Heather pulled back from Darcie and kissed down her neck with deep gasps in between smacks. Darcie squeezed her friend's succulent hooters together painfully and released them only to follow up with more rubbing and groping. The redhead's thumbs prodded and massaged her friend's rubbery brownish nipples more and more before switching to cupping and squeezing the fleshy orbs with as much pleasurable intent as she could fathom.

"ARGH! FUCK!"

Both girls stopped kissing each other, but were still playing with the other's boulders. Darcie was about to turn her attention to where her boyfriend lay, but Heather quickly pinched a large chunk of her friend's areolas and teats. Darcie turned her focus back to her beautiful redheaded friend and gave her a friendly peck on the lips. Then, she turned to look at her man. Heather followed suite.

The blonde guy lay on the bed somewhat spent. His breathing was that of a fish out of water. White jism seeped out of his pee hole and dribbled on his stomach. Both girls instinctively smiled at the sight of Darcie's pleased boyfriend.

Darcie suddenly felt a bit playful as she decided to crawl over to her boyfriend. Her big tits swayed back and forth and slapped into her arms as she crawled. Heather stayed towards the foot of the bed admiring her friend's big, firm ass and her lover's cum-slicked cock.

"Did you have a big cum?" Darcie lay on her side next to her boyfriend. Her tits had gotten so big that they were covering the left side of his face. He had to push them out of his way just to breathe.

"Yeah, that was so great, baby..."

"Did you like watching me and Heather make out?"

The man couldn't keep his eyes off of his girlfriend's jugs. He just nodded his head in response.

"Well, I like you watching us and blowing your load to the sight of me..." Darcie and her boyfriend quickly turned their attention to their redheaded friend. "...and Darcie doing it." Heather started to crawl towards the couple. "Of course, I wouldn't mind seeing that thing in action."

Darcie started to stroke her man's girth into a rubbery state of mid-hardness. "You're not the only one, Heather. Do you wanna watch me and Heather play with each other's big titties and suck on our huge nipples while you play with yourself?" The brunette could feel her male lover's shaft getting harder and thicker the more she stroked it and sweet talked to him about her big breasts.

"Darcie, if you don't mind," Heather interrupted. "I'd like to watch him fuck you..."

"Ah," Darcie interjected with a smile. "I'm sure I know where you're wanting to go with this. I don't see why not. If we're going to have a threesome, we might as do it with someone we know and trust."

"Actually, I was really just wanting to masturbate myself and watch you guys, but if you really insist..."

Darcie giggled a bit. "I'm sure you were just content with masturbating yourself. I know how much you enjoy getting fucked. You little weasel! Honey, what do you think?" Darcie's attention shifted to her lover. His penis was fully hard again, the purple mushroom head sticking out of Darcie's dainty fist.

The demure look on his face didn't exactly reflect his true feelings. This whole scene was completely surreal and unnatural, but felt so damn good. He was almost afraid of saying yes and having it backfire on him with both girls being disgusted by his bigotry. If he said no, he knew he'd definitely fuck himself for sure. Part of him was about to tell Darcie that the decision was entirely up to her, but that would start an infinite shifting of responsibility between all three of them. Finally, he let his gut reaction speak for him.

"God, yes," he growled at the two of them.

He brought his hands up and mauled Darcie's newly grown tits with a ferocity none of them had ever seen. His lips quickly and easily found her dark areola. He kissed and licked and sucked her tingling nipples with a new desire.

Heather fingered her pussy and played with her own melons at the sight of her two friends pleasuring each other. Then, she realized that a threesome needed three people to participate. She kneeled beside Darcie's boyfriend and brought her milky white tits up next to his face as he metaphorically ate up his girlfriend's fun bags. Heather instantaneously felt a warm, wet tongue and juicy lips pleasuring her stretched pink nipples and masculine hands massaging and prodding her titflesh.

Darcie brought her own nipple up to her mouth to lick and suck the nubbin. She jacked off her boyfriend's dick harder at the sight of him facefucking Heather's beautiful tits just the way he had with hers. Suddenly, Darcie felt another hand cover her own. From the soft, nubile touch she could tell Heather wanted to play with the rigid organ.

Moving her hand down against her boyfriend's nut sac, Darcie allowed room for Heather's soft, white hand to grip the erect, purple-headed dog. Both girls twisted their hands, wringing the penis with pleasurable sensations while the horny blonde fellow switched from the white, meaty tits of the redhead to the succulent, luscious dark tits of his lover. Heather leaned over and kissed Darcie again from the passion building up from the attention her tits experienced and the live scenario of jacking off her friend. Darcie returned the kiss in kind and moaned from the kissing, sucking and licking her big sucklers were voluntarily falling victim to.

"Heather, why don't you climb on and I'll play with your big ol' titties while he fucks you," Darcie stated unexpectedly. Her voice was sexy and she eyed her redheaded friend with the same carnal intent as she did with her boyfriend when they first met.

Without a word, the redhead climbed onto the pulsating cock. Darcie's boyfriend let out a moan in his desperation to mentally restrain himself from cumming inside of the red hot redhead. The skinnier girl grinded her hips upon insertion and realized her boobs weren't the only part of her body that had grown in sensitivity. The cock touched her cervix enough to where her nerves could make out the dent of the peephole. Heather gasped out loudly and knew her female juices released. Her torrential cum drenched the hard cock and dribbled down the man's hips to his ass. Before Darcie could even touch Heather's breasts, she could see her pink nipples were instantly hardened and wrinkled like a child's hands and feet after taking a long bath.
