 Note: This is a story about adult sexual activity intended for adults. Everyone in this story is over eighteen. While the events in this story are based on true experiences some names have been changed and times have been compressed for this format. The events took place prior to the need for safe sex due to current epidemic of STDs.




Susan broke up with Nelson on Wednesday after our weekend together. He moped around the house for the next two weeks before going home again; Susan and I played it low key until then. We did slip off several times with my sleeping bag and a picnic to commune with and engage in some of natures basic activities like fucking in the woods and meadows.

Finally Nelson went home for the weekend and Susan and I were alone again. I was just barely able to get the fire in the fireplace going before she had her clothes off and a comforter spread on the floor ready for action. And action it was! A few weeks ago she was demure but willing now she was wanton and aggressive. Like a bull rider I adjusted my rope and got ready to hold on tight, but this wasn't going to be any 8 second ride. 

Of course I'm stretching it a bit but it was a wonderful evening of energetic, naughty sex. Susan was neither interested in nor looking for romance but rather sexual experimentation and she had found an experienced and willing partner. Johnny Mathis played on the stereo and the fire crackled in the fireplace as Susan and I enjoyed each other's bodies in every imaginable way. 

It was late in the morning before we stirred. I got the coffee going while we made an attempt to freshen up a bit. We sat at the table in an almost zombie state sipping our coffee trying to decide if we should fix breakfast or lunch. My stomach needed a decision quick but my mind started thinking about Susan sitting there in the big terry cloth robe, the front open enough to show the swells of her small breasts. 

I was quickly brought back to earth by the sound of a car coming up the driveway. When I saw the car I remembered telling a friend, Miles, that he could stop by to borrow several books for a paper he was writing. 

Susan pulled her robe together to be more presentable and moved to the refrigerator to see what we were going to eat.

Miles came in and I introduced him to Susan. She apologized for not being properly dressed and Miles apologized for coming too early-noon.  

Miles was the first and only black student at the university so he became well known quickly- one in almost four thousand. He was from tide water Virginia, very articulate, and very preppy. He had an easy smile and made friends quickly but was very careful not to be seen alone with female students. The Klan was very active in the mountains of western NC and he certainly did not want to get any more of their attention than he already had.



I announced that we were going to have lunch and that he was expected to join us. I put a cold beer in his hand and Susan started putting sandwich stuff on the table so we could each make whatever we wanted.

During lunch we got Miles to tell us about his experiences being the only black student on campus. Eventually he got around to telling us about not being able to date without driving the more than two hours to Winston Salem where he could meet black women.



In her typical innocence Susan asked, "Why don't you go out with white women?"

We shook our heads at each other and Miles told her the Klan would hang him and the woman would be tarred and feathered. She shook her head almost saddened by the realization of the situation he faced.



After a few more beers and lunch the conversation turned to the lighter side. We told Susan the "rumor" about black men being really hung and that there were certain "things" they would not eat.



She asked Miles, "Is that true?"

Miles denied it, "No, that's just what white boys tell their women to scare them and I'm certain they don't eat "those things" either.



She blushed and commented, "Will does!" 

After more of the same type of light hearted conservation Susan asked, "Are black men were black "all over"? 

We howled with laughter but Susan quickly scolded us with, "I don't see what's so funny. I have only seen two in my life and I cannot imagine a black one." 

I teasingly said, "Ok, Miles show her!" 

He refused at first but Susan stated that she wanted to see it. He looked at us trying to decide if we were only teasing then said that it would have to be something that could never be told outside of the three of us. We promised.

Miles stood up and took out his cock almost laying it on the table. 

Susan's mouth fell open and her eyes widened saying, "It looks like a chocolate candy bar!"



We started laughing again and he was about to put it back in his pants when she reached out and placed her hand on it and gave it a pat like it was a puppy dog then wrapped it in her hand. It immediately began to pulse and swell in her hand and Miles tried to pull back but she continued to hold his growing chocolate cock. Miles was not sure what to do but Susan helped make up his mind when she leaned forward and placed a light kiss on its dark shinny knob.

Susan looked up at me and I gave her smile and wink. She stood up and dropped her robe to the floor. I was afraid that Miles would pass out at the sight of her. 

"Oh my god! I have never seen a sight so beautiful! Miles said trying to catch his breath. 

My heart pounded in my ears at the sight of the two of them side by side, the contrast of the rich dark chocolate and the soft white cream. 

She took him by the hand and led him into the living room where our comforter from the previous night was still stretched across the floor.

Susan helped Miles to remove his clothes and they stood with their arms around each other kissing, their hands moving over each other as if they were being stirred into one mixture. 

After cleaning off the table and putting up the food I took a seat on the sofa to enjoy her experience with her.

Miles' turgid cock stood erect between them; Susan took it into her hand a moved it slowly over her white belly before dropping to her knees and rubbing it over her face. After covering the hard, dark meat with kisses she took it in her mouth; her head soon began to bob up and down causing it to glisten with her saliva.

She soon reached up and pulled him to the floor, directing him to lie on his back. She moved her lips, hands, and body over him from head to toe before taking his erect chocolate bar into her hand and mounting him. She sat high over him guiding him as she lowered her body on to her first black cock. Miles was not exceptionally endowed as we had teased her about; she easily took all of him deep inside.



She sat up straight with her back slightly arched, her arms high, and her fingers running through her black hair wrapping it into a pile on her head. She closed her eyes and started slowly moving up and down exposing the dark chocolate below her white bottom for just seconds before hiding it again in her secret place.

The sight was so incredible that it went far beyond my ability to describe. And only a professional could have captured it on film.

She increased the tempo and was quickly taken away on an orgasmic journey. She threw her head from side to side her hair extended like it was floating in mid-air. Her eyes opened and she smiled at us as she lifted Miles' hands to her breasts.



"That was wonderful!" was her only comment.



I told Miles that he had better hold on that she was just getting started. She switched strokes to thrusting back and forth, mashing her clit against his kinky hair covered pelvis with each thrust. She was quickly in the throes of another orgasm that shook her from head to toe and left her exhausted and lying on top of Miles.



I shifted my seat so I could view her wide-open bottom and what a view it was. Miles' swollen cock was tucked deep into her the pink membranes of her pussy stretched around its base and glistening juices running over his balls. 

As I admired the view Miles lifted his ass and started moving in and out with long slow strokes. Susan started clinching her muscles to grip him tighter. My attention was drawn to the movement of the petals of a delicate flower hidden in the crevasse between her creamy white cheeks.

Susan and I had already enjoyed anal sex a few times but this was a different setting and I was not sure how Miles would take to another partner. 

He picked up the pace with faster and longer strokes; Susan moved her hips and ass to meet him, the flower danced in front of me. I dropped my shorts to the floor, took a squeeze bottle of salad oil off the counter, straddled their legs, and moved close behind Susan. She looked back and smiled as I dropped several drops of oil on her puckered ass and the head of my cock.



The head flattened against the resistance before slowly moving into her. Miles paused wondering what was happening but Susan assured him that it was okay and not to stop. I slid deeper, Miles continued with his long strokes and I felt his movement against me with only a thin membrane between us. 

We found a rhythm, alternating inward strokes while Susan remained still and enjoyed being filled by two men at the same time. As her breathing and grunting increased we increased the pace of our strokes until we were pounding her unmercifully. 

She started hollering out for us to cum in her. I let go and came with a loud moan and as I wilted inside her I could feel Miles starting to pump his load deep with one last push. We couldn't move for several minutes, I thought I was going to fall on top of them.

We got dressed and sat in the floor drinking another beer, trying to recover when Miles started laughing. Soon we were all laughing without knowing why. Finally, he said, "Damn! You white people are crazy!"