 I will never forget that day when all of my inmost dreams came true! While Rolf was still asleep, I left the phone to get charged and hit the showers...

I'm soaking up under the caressing sprays of hot water now, my hands sliding all over my wet body foaming up the fragrant shower gel. Behind the tender whisper of water, I hear my cell phone ringing. Weird but no one has ever called me while my phone was getting charged before. Damn, that's bad! I'm playing with myself right now and don't really want to answer any calls.

'Nicole, that's some Jack calling! He says he's got a new role for you, what would you say?' yells Rolf. I struggle for breath but try to keep my cool.

'Tell him I'm in! Will be in his office soon.'

'Cool, she says she will be in your office soon.'

Leaving the showers, all covered with foam, just to answer a call? No way, that would have looked too suspicious. Behind the door I hear Rolf continue talking. 'Rolf. It's a pleasure, Jack. What? No, I'm not an actor, I'm a software developer.' Then I hear him laugh. 'Thanks for the offer – let's discuss it some other day.' Damn it, what the hell did he offer to Rolf?! If Jack wanted to spill the beans about me, he would tell everything straight. He knew that my boyfriend would tell me everything about their little chat, so he was just playing around.

'He offered me to take part in a casting, can you believe it?' Rolf greets me with a hearty laugh when I come out of the shower, wrapped into a towel. His eyes light up and he reaches out to pull the towel off me when I walk past him. I don't give in.

'Rolf, I can't do it before work. You know me, I won't go for a quickie – will be all wet till you fuck the living hell out of me!'

He slaps me on the ass.

'You naughty girl! Damn, they don't even know what hottie they are shooting!'

'It's good that you know it, honey,' I peck him farewell and run out.

I don't know what type of new role Jack was talking about and it is making me feel a bit uneasy. I take a cab to his office and find myself hesitating in front of his door. I hear voices coming from behind it... 'Two? Yup, I guess two can fit in there but I don't think she will manage to take three.' I can't understand what they are talking about, so I get myself together and walk in.

Jack isn't alone – there are several young men seated around him. I recognize Billy. There are three new guys sitting on the couch and the two armchairs standing next to it are also occupied by strangers. Two of them are black. 

'Here she is. Gentlemen, meet our little Nicole!' Jack greets me and walks me into the room.

The joking tone of Jack's voice makes me feel a little less tense. Still, I am scared. So many ripped studs. I can hardly imagine being banged by ALL of them at once.

One guy gets up from the couch and moves on top of a little table, offering me to take a seat. I sit down and watch him open a bottle of champagne with his strong hairy hands. Two guys are staring at me from both sides.

'Just look at this beauty,' the black guy sitting in one of the armchairs says with a smile.

'You've got nice legs,' adds the guy sitting next to me, giving me a light patting on the knee. 

We get acquainted and they start complimenting me. I don't know what to say because all of their compliments are rather saucy but, to be honest, I like that. I even blush, feeling all proud and everything. I already feel myself getting a bit tipsy on champagne.

'Boys, there are so many of you at once, I'm even scared a bit...' I say, pouting my lips playfully.

'Just imagine that you are fucking with a one man army,' says Jack. Very interesting advice.

'Yeah, just a superman fucker doing you from every angle,' laughs the camera guy patting his cam as if telling a joke to an old buddy. I hear the click of the latch on the main door and look at Jack. My throat is parched, so make a loud swallowing sound. He catches my frightened stare and smiles.

'Just relax and enjoy it. I will tell you what to do. Get naked!' orders Jack falling back into his chair. Billy is hunched behind his cam. We all take our clothes off and I see that all of the guys have got their cocks hard already. Some of them have been jacking off and some got hard just looking at my nude body...

'Get down on your knees. Gents, stand behind her in a half-circle. Don't stand in the way.' I hear Jack giving orders while Billy is running around with his cam. One of the guys throws me a pillow that I place under my knees. I've got five huge cocks rocking around me. The view takes my breath away...

I keep on looking from one cock to another greedily. I can't quite explain why but I go for the biggest black tool – most probably because I have never been with a black man before. I close my eyes, stick my tongue out and start licking the tip of his dick as if tasting it. I feel it fill with blood and grow rock-hard, so I take it in as deep as I only can. I envelop it with my lips tightly, trying to chase the blood filling his unit back into his body but... His erection is so hard that I fail. Firm cock comes pushing against my palate, sliding deeper and deeper, allowing me to feel its rough surface, the huge swollen vein running along it... I feel the pounding in my temples because I'm too horny now. So horny I can feel my pulse even in my teeth. Damn, will it fit into my mouth?! The guy starts moaning softly. I can feel the anticipation building up all around me.



'Suck them all off, one by one and work your hands too,' Jack's voice sounds vaguely through the mist of lust marring my conscience. The black guy moves back and I swallow the head of another dick. I'm running one hand across the new shaft and massaging balls with the second. The guys start using their hands too – and not only on their own cocks. I feel my boobs getting massaged by several men at once – and I really like the way they stroke me. Not all of them are doing it synchronously – each tit is getting rubbed in a very special way. I start moaning and moving my head faster because the pleasure is so intense. My boobs are big, no doubt – but not big enough to fill all hands. I feel some of the guys start petting me down lower...

I'm all wet and the guys understand it the very moment their fingers penetrate my pussy sliding into it so damn smoothly. First I feel one finger inside me, then the second follows – everyone wants to feel the most intimate nook of my body! When the third fingers slides in, I squeal from pleasure and my pussy tenses all by itself. The fingers in my hole start to move testing the power of my vaginal muscles. 

'Oh yeah, baby,' they whisper stretching my pussy in all directions, fighting its sweet convulsions. One impatient dick comes patting me on the head. I start forgetting whose cock I have already sucked and whose has been left without any attention yet.

'Slap her face with your cocks!' orders Jack. The guys' hands slide back from my wet pussy reluctantly and they surround me holding their shlongs and waving them in front of my face menacingly. 

I lift my face and feel like I'm locked in a cage made of ripped male bodies. I see red and purple, black and brown cocks rocking over me. Then I close my eyes and allow these hot and stiff clubs batter my face. Still wet from my saliva, they come hitting my forehead, my cheeks... I even open my eyes, no longer afraid of being hit by one of them. The huge cock heads looking even larger due to being so close to me hit my face, my lips, as if being about to slide into my mouth but... The guys obey Jack's orders. I stick my tongue out and moan hungrily. They come slapping my tongue with their cocks. I can see one ebony shaft oozing lube already. It hits me harder and faster than the rest... 

All of a sudden, another hand grabs me by the hair, turns my face to the side and impales my mouth on a huge cock that goes so deep it tickles my tonsils. I didn't even have the time to breathe in!

'Oh yeah, baby, yeah,' I hear him moaning. He is moving my head back and forth and rocking his pelvis too, obviously panning to cum into my mouth. I catch a moment and take a deep breath with a loud gasp. 

'Film it, film it! Move her hair to the side! Let some of it leak out!' orders Jack. Billy's camera is staring at us with its one lifeless eye, capturing every moment, filming me struggling to swallow the whole of this huge load of cum. Quite expectedly, I fail, cough and some jizz comes gushing out of my mouth. Unoccupied men are back to fingering my pussy. 

I can no longer tell how many fingers are in my pussy at the moment and this fact excites me even more. They are spreading my lube all over my pussy lips, rubbing it into my anus... Several moments later I feel someone's finger penetrate my ass and start moving there, stretching it. Then another finger slides in, now at a whole different angle. It means that I'm getting my butt finger-fucked by two guys at once. They are working my anus out at different angles and with different speed and force.

That asynchronous fondling and fucking is totally driving me crazy. It is a whole new pleasure when you are being caressed by several different men at once – each of them rubbing your clit, massaging your boobs, fingering your pussy and ass in his own very special way. I can't focus on any of them – there is always someone new needing my attention. Two guys squat next to me and start caressing my whole body while I continue sucking and jerking the other three off. The oozing black cock hits my teeth impatiently as I smile. I look up at the guy it belongs to, purr and swallow his tool quickly, as if hiding a lollipop in my mouth. The guy squints – he finally got the blowjob he needed and is about to cum!

'Sit down on one cock and keep on blowing and beating the rest!' Jack's new order steals the nearing orgasm from the black man. The guys look at each other, trying to figure out who the lucky one to penetrate me for quite a while will be.

'I will fuck her!' The ebony dude that I have just been sucking off is really, really impatient. However, Jack thinks different.

'You, the one who has just unloaded, bang her!' Jack's choice is as practical as it could only be. The rest of the guys are staring at the lucky one enviously. He falls back into the couch and I grab his cock, aiming it into my pink. He's stiff again – as if he hasn't come yet. My hungry pussy takes him in and squeezes his hot shaft tight in a pleasant convulsion. 

'Mmm!' I moan, unable to fight back the long-awaited pleasure. Each time my vaginal muscles are tensing, they envelop a throbbing cock, making hot pleasant waves run though my body. There is a cock in each of my hands, several hands of the guys who can reach me are playing with my tits. Plus, the guy that I'm riding is not taking his hands off my juggies as well. He starts working his body making me rock. Each of his powerful thrusts sends shivers down my spine. The cock moving inside my pussy feels like it's reaching all of my hot spots turning me into a real sex machine.

And I need even more pleasure! I smack my lips and attack my partners' cocks again, this time even more eagerly!

'Get on top of her and fuck her throat!' Jack's order is obeyed with silent joy. Someone twists my hands and pushes me down onto the couch. Then a cock enters my mouth and slides in all the way down to my windpipe. I can feel my vocal cords tense and squeeze the mighty phallus. 

'Oh yeah, yeah,' moans the guy, giving in to unbearable pleasure. I can see his balls jerk and move up in his sack. He shudders – and a hot spray of cum gushes right into my throat. I try to swallow it and my vocal cords envelop his rod even tighter. I'm literally trying to devour his shaft and it's obviously making him like the whole thing even more. Jeez, it's good that this time I took a good deep breath before starting to suck it! When the guy is done pumping his semen out, he pulls his unit out of my mouth gently. However, I can still feel his warm cum inside my stomach. There are some drops of it resting on my belly too, so I come rubbing the thick juice into my skin. Damn, I've never felt so good before!

I feel sexual pleasure take over me, rushing in from all angles. From behind, from the front, from down below me, from the top... Plus, I can feel it deep inside me too. All my organs – my windpipe, my stomach, my throat – I'm feeling sexual pleasure in every nook of my body. I realize that my moans of pleasure have turned into coarse shrieks. The guy that I'm riding is spanking me. When am I going to get fucked in the ass, I wonder?! I start writhing on top of him, arching my back, letting all of the guys see my swollen anus that is already throbbing in anticipation. Come on!

'Turn her around and stick it in her ass,' says Jack, interpreting my body language correctly. A long and hard dick slides into my ass. The pleasure is building up and I yell out but get gagged with another cock immediately. It penetrates my mouth balls deep again. I can't take this anymore! I'm cumming! My anus and pussy are getting drilled by two guys, the other three are taking turns to fuck my mouth and my hands. I swallow the huge black cock that was about to explode already and... No, not this time again. Another horny dude literally drags me off it and comes fucking my face. I turn a bit and see a large drop of precum ooze from the poor guy's shaft slowly.



Those magical moments of deepthroating... I love it when all of my holes are filled with hard meat! Every little move of my body triggers pleasant little explosions in my pussy, throat and ass. Every thrust of one of these cocks makes the others move too so that I can't quite understand who is fucking me the hardest. I try to focus on my sensations and compare it but it doesn't work. I only get more excited!

'Now hold her up and give her a double penetration!' Jack's new order is followed by two ripped black studs who approach me and lift me up as if I'm light as a feather. Then one of them impales me on his monstrous cock. I have never taken such a huge and hard one! I am hanging off it as if it were a hook and the man is holding me tightly by my knees. The head of his cock slides into me so deep that I feel it touch my uterus. Then the guy jerks a bit and I scream from pleasure. I have always regarded this as a real stress position but now I even like it. Every sensation is intensified by the fact that I'm literally hanging in mid-air. The other guy holds me from behind, caressing my breasts. It is him who wanted to cum into my mouth in the very beginning of the shoot! I lean back, put my head on his shoulder and whisper,

'Fuck me in the ass! Fuck it right now!'

Well, I don't quite whisper it. My voice is trembling and the second part of the phrase sounds like I yell it out. The guy doesn't make me wait – the very next second I feel the tip of his cock start pushing my lubed anus and then pop inside quickly.

'Oooh yeah!' moans the black guy, squeezing my cheeks together with his strong hands. He stops pushing his cock into me for a second when he feels my sphincter reach the thickest part of his shaft. A couple of short strokes follow, stretching my ass wider than ever before. He is helping himself with his hands too pushing my buns apart and squeezing them back together. My anus is no longer tensing and relaxing – it is permanently squeezed in some weird sort of unbearably pleasant convulsion and I scream, unable to resist it. This is when the guy finally rams his cock balls deep into my ass.

'Mmm!' I moan through my clenched teeth, closing my eyes tightly. It feels way too good to be true.

'Fuck her, fuck her!' says Jack, reminding the studs about their task. They start moving, hitting me harder and harder with their hammerhead cocks. These enormous shafts come sliding inside me, almost touching each other through the thin wall of my womb. Then they pick up the pace and start fucking me synchronously, their monster shlongs penetrating me and sliding out at the same time. I cannot take it any longer!

'Hold me!' I yell. My feet dangling high above my head start jerking as if I were a frog. I'm literally soaked through with my lube, so every thrust of the guys' cocks is producing a loud squelching sound. I am coming. My whole body is shaking in orgasmic convulsions but my ebony lovers are holding me tightly and continuing their grind. My pussy juice comes gushing out of my hole as if someone came right into it but... They are still far from being done with me. They are fucking me non-stop in that hanging position for what feels like a whole eternity until I am totally exhausted. 

'Hold her,' says Jack. My yells turn into pathetic whining. Finally the cock penetrating me from the backdoor starts working. I hug the man in front of me by the neck and hang on him, my face twisted after that overwhelming orgasm. I wince and relax, moan and gasp and that other dude keeps on fucking my ass shooting what feels like pints of cum with every thrust of his dick.

'Oh yeah, baby!' The guy that has just creampied me continues fucking me as if nothing has happened! Billy is shooting my ass up close, filming the large blobs of cum oozing from it. The guy doesn't stop fucking my anus until the whole of his enormous load drips out. Damn, it looks like the one working on my pussy still hasn't come yet...



I start breathing loudly as if I'm a diver reaching the surface after an incredibly long immersion. But they don't give me enough to time to get the air I need so badly.

'Get down on all fours,' says Jack. Numerous strong hands reach out to help me. Someone's cock penetrates my pussy from behind. Another guy comes over me with his legs wide open and rams his cock in my ass. Then he starts moving slowly, squatting a little with his hands resting on his knees.

'You three, fuck her mouth. Blow and jerk their cocks.' I can barely hear Jack's voice in my orgasmic delirium. Two black cocks that have just been rammed into my holes are being pushed into my face now.

'I'm about to come again,' I moan, not letting a cock out of my mouth. I can barely recognize my own voice. The cock in my pussy is moving horizontally while the one drilling my ass is aimed almost vertically downwards. They almost cross their swords inside me. The guy on top of me is leaning forward so much. I bet that if my pussy was unoccupied, the silhouette of his dick would be visible through my slit. He's obviously tired though. He changes the angle again and his cock starts hitting my uterus together with the other one. That is something I totally cannot bear.

'Oooh, yeah, mmm!' I yell giving in to an orgasm that feels even more intense than the previous one. 'Just don't stop fucking me!'

Those are my last words – I close my eyes again, clenching my teeth. However, I'm not allowed to keep my mouth shut – one of the black guys sticks his cock into it and it slides along my teeth, stretching the skin of my cheek to the maximum. Unconsciously, I start moving my head wrong and it almost hurts me. That huge cock is hitting me way too hard now. I feel the other two cocks approach me and start slapping my face, urging me to service them as well. 



'Now rub these cocks with your face. Hold your sticks straight, gentlemen!' orders Jack. Two black cocks and a white one straighten in front of me, the guys supporting them with their hands and I start waving my head, rubbing my face against three wet cock heads at the same time. I stick my tongue out and lick all three of them at once, moaning greedily. They slide all over my sticky face massaging it from every angle...

'Smile now,' orders Jack and Billy films my happy girlish face rubbing against three stiff dicks.

'You two, stick it in her pussy!' The new order sounds intriguing. I feel two cocks touch my gaping snatch – and penetrate me at one, stretching my poor hole even wider. They are moving in different directions and at different angles and it hurts a little but still feels so damn good. Almost fainting from pleasure, I start waving my head even faster. The guys like it – one of the cocks in front of me starts oozing precum and gets my face wet. I feel the cocks press harder against my sleazy cheeks...
