 I like getting laid as much as the next girl, but I'm not always prepared to be fucked by just any cock that happens to be brought to a party. I like to be a bit choosey. So I don't go much for those party games where you draw for a partner and head for the nearest bedroom.

But I played a game last month that really got to me. I was wondering why our hostess Melanie had said we had to wear dresses not jeans, and weren't allowed to bring a partner. It turned out there were twelve of us, including Melanie, six of each sex. None of us girls had met any of the men before. This was important, Melanie said, because the game we were going to play required that we didn't know anything about each other.

There were two real bedworthy hunks, and the other four weren't bad looking, either. Circulating, getting to know each other, I suddenly realized how well Melanie had chosen. I could have fucked any one of them. Or any six. They all had bulges in their jeans I could hardly take my eyes off, and I caught one guy stroking his once or twice.

Well, after a few drinks Melanie said it was time for the special game. The girls all had to go into one of the bedrooms, all except for Melanie. You can bet there was some guessing about the size of the fucking gear inside those bulges. Melanie came back after a while and explained the game. She gave us each a pencil and a notepad. The pad had the numbers one to six down the left side. When you go in there, she said, the guys will all have numbers but their faces will be hidden, and you're going to have to guess who each one is. Just write down the name against the number.

So we went into the other room. and I'd never imagined such a scene in my wildest dreams. Melanie had rigged a large sheet across the room. The men were ll standing behind it, with six rampant pricks poking through holes in the sheet, and six pairs of balls hanging below them. I'd never seen a sight like it---six fabulous fucking organs in a row, all standing to attention. The game was we had to guess which guy each set of genitalia belonged to.

"No cheating," Melanie said. "No feeling around to see what the men are wearing behind the curtain. You can look at these beauties, feel them, taste them, jerk them off, anything you like. Except don't hurt them."

"Do you know who they are?" I asked Melanie.

"No way. I left them to decide where they'd stand. And don't be greedy. No more than half a minute with each one. We don't want them cumming before the game's finished."

"Why not?" I asked facetiously. "I'd just love to make them cum all in a row. Just imagine, six ejaculating pricks all shooting their load at once."

I don't know where Melanie got the idea for the game, but it was a great idea. A whole row of lovely pricks. More pricks than I'd ever seen together at one time. Six pricks to look at, six pricks to hold, six pricks to explore, six pricks to masturbate, six pricks to lick and suck, six pairs of balls to hold in my hand. I was going to be busy. I wished I could have them all to myself, instead of sharing them with the girls.

Melanie assigned each one of us---including herself---to one of those hunks of fuck-meat. Two of them were beginning to droop, and I was wishing I could draw one of those. It would have been fun masturbating it back to a good hard-on. The idea was we each had half a minute, and then we'd change places and move on to jerk off the next in line.

The first prick I got, number four, had red hair surrounding the scrotum. That was a dead give-away, but I'd forgotten we were supposed to be putting names to the numbers. My cunt was already on fire, and the cunt-juice was beginning to run down my thighs because I'd left my panties off in anticipation of getting a hot prick between my legs some time during the evening.

I knelt down and took the scrotum in front of me into one hand. It was so hot and heavy. I could feel the hardness of the balls inside, but I didn't dare squeeze it. The prick above it was dark veined and curved slightly upward, not like the straight shafts I'd known. I giggled to myself, thinking it was shaped like a banana and wondering what a banana would feel like instead of a dildo on those occasions when I had to wank myself.

The knob was redder than the shaft, but not as swollen as some I'd had. I took the prick between my fingers and thumb and squeezed it gently, and began to jack it off. It came alive in my hand, throbbing and jerking up and down; and as I watched, the ripe plum that was its head began to swell until it was stretched so smooth it seemed it would burst. I just had to take it in my mouth and rub my tongue all over the smoothness of it, sucking it so hard that I sucked a few drops of delicious pre-cum right out of it.

In no time it seemed, Melanie was calling time to change. I wrote down "Roger" against number 4 on my notepad and moved along to the next piece of man-meat protruding from the curtain. The girl before me had done a wonderful job of masturbating it into enormous tumescence.

I'd never seen a prick so thick and standing up at such an angle. The knob was already red and shiny like number four, but the rim round the base of it projected like the edge of a mushroom, and the head was so huge I had to open my mouth wide to take it in. I imagined what it would feel like to have a prick as big as that opening the entrance to my twat and reaming out my vagina. I didn't know who number five was, but I was determined to find out, because number five was going to shoot his wad high up inside my belly before too many nights had passed.

By the time I moved on to number six my cunt was in spasm. I wished I'd worn panties, so that I could feel them tight against my vulva and rubbing against my clit. However, I had two hands, and while one hand explored the prick in front of me the other hand was under my dress, my middle finger masturbating a clit that was just crying out to be sucked.

And that's how the game went. One lovely tumescent prick after another, each one different in some way from the one before, each one with a magnificent hard on. Before I'd finished my examination of all six pricks, I'd frigged myself to a couple of delicious orgasms. And to judge by the moans and gasps from the other girls, there was a lot of cumming happening in that room.

But the game wasn't over. Once we'd guessed the names of all six pricks in front of us, Melanie had more instructions. "If you're like me, you've been doing a lot of cumming at the guys' expense. So now it's their turn. They must be ready to explode by now, so show them a good time. Jerk them, suck them, do what you like, but don't prick-tease them any more."

There were delighted giggles, and six girls set to work on six pricks that had been on the point of cumming for nearly ten minutes. I don't know what the other girls did to get their guys creaming. But the prick in front of me had been oozing a steady stream of delicious jism that tasted like coconut candy, and however hard that load of sperm was about to ejaculate, I was determined to have it in my mouth. I would have liked to watch it happen, because it should be a spectacular explosion. But I wanted more of that candy, and I was in a mood for sucking.

My guy must have had wonderful will power to hold back all that time, because I'd hardly fastened my lips round the rim of his knob and begun to suck him off, before his prick started to throb and thrust deeper into my mouth. And with every throb and every thrust came a jet of scalding cum. I had my hand between my own legs, timing my own masturbation to his spurts, and squeezing along his prick and sucking hard on his knob, savoring the sweetness and swallowing greedily until I'd sucked every last drop of cum out of his sperm organ.

It was the best party game I'd ever played. But we were all too exhausted to do more than collapse where we were. We didn't even bother to check whether our guesses had been right.

Some time later Melanie produced some food, and we had a few more drinks. Then Melanie made another announcement. "Owing to the success of the last game, which I think I'll call "Cock Robbing,' I have another game for you. This one's called 'Cuntry Girls.' This time all the men have to go into the bedroom." While the guys were out, Melanie made us go and freshen up. I guess there wasn't one of us whose twats weren't sticky with cunt juice. She told us to leave our panties off, those of us who'd worn them. She had a long couch in the middle of the room. She made us stand behind the couch, and bend over the padded back with our heads down and our bottoms in the air. "Just like you're going to have it doggy style." She walked behind us, and lifted our dresses and threw them up over our backs. My naked ass felt deliciously exposed, even if it was only Melanie looking at it. Then Melanie draped a sheet over us all, just leaving our bottom halves showing. "Stand with your legs wide apart. The guys are going to have to guess whose pussy is whose," she explained.

When the men came in, there were wolf whistles and a lot of ribald comments. I guess we'd reacted the same way when we saw their row of erections. What they must have seen was a row of naked asses, cheeks in the air, tight little bum holes winking at them, and wide open cunts hanging down ready for whatever pleasures they had in mind for us.

Melanie gave them their instructions. "Find out whose pussies they are. Touch them, taste them, frig them, do whatever you like to them but don't hurt them and don't stick your tools into them."

It was an exciting sensation being blindfolded, in effect, with my whole ass exposed for six guys to do what they liked with. Like being a captive on a pirate ship or something. I didn't know what to expect. I just knew that my cunt was already oozing with expectation, and whatever happened it was bound to be exciting. Without any warning two hands were on the cheeks of my ass, caressing them and squeezing them. Then a finger played around my anus and probed a little way inside. You're supposed to be recognizing my cunt, not my anus, I thought. But it was a lovely sensation. Fingers slid inside my soggy vulva, and gently pulled aside my outer lips. My cunt must be fully open, I thought. Open for view. Open for fucking, only Melanie had said they weren't to. Pity! The fingers slid easily into my cunt, inside my cunt, up my cunt, and explored the depths of it, making my whole ass twitch with the pleasure.

Then, disappointingly, the fingers withdrew, and she was left empty and hungry for more, and I felt a trickle down the insides of my thighs that told me whoever it was could see how much I liked his attentions. Suddenly I gasped. Something warm was on my cunt. A mouth. A tongue was probing inside my cunt hole. A mouth was sucking my cunt lips inside and rubbing them with its tongue.

A male voice said, "Time's up, move on." And I was left high and dry in the middle of a delightful frig. Then the palm of a hand enclosed my whole cunt, and a finger slid in my slit to where my engorged clit was waiting for attention. The finger felt around, felt the little button, pressed on it, and I could feel it throb. I wondered if he could feel it. The finger circled, and rubbed, and pressed, and frigged me till I wanted to cry out with the exquisite agony of it. I couldn't help myself, I had to wiggle my ass and press my cunt into his hand and force my clit harder against his finger.

I'd thought I was in heaven with a row of six glorious pricks to play with. It was nothing to the sensation of having my cunt explored and caressed and probed and frigged and sucked by six different men with six wonderfully perverted minds. I couldn't hold back any longer by the time the third guy started on me. Not that I wanted to. I came into his mouth, forcing my cunt into his mouth, forcing my ass against his face and writhing in ecstasy while his tongue fucked me and his finger diddled my clit. After that I came each time a new guy masturbated me in a different way, until I lost count and the game came to an end. But then Melanie said, "Right, fella's, if you haven't cum already, now's your chance. Do whatever you like with those fucking machines of yours."

The guys didn't waste time. They must have had their pricks out already. Probably they were masturbating while they worked on us. My cunt was suddenly forced open and a hot organ slid easily and slowly inside me. After all the tension and the thrills that my cunt had been enjoying as six different guys frigged me, and the throbbing deep inside with every orgasm, the feeling as my vagina became steadily more filled with hot pulsating prick was the most delicious sensation of all. The prick seemed to go in and in, right up into my belly, until the guy's thighs were pressed hard against my ass cheeks. Then the piston began to pull out again, the swollen head reaming me out as it left me empty and wanting more. Then, slowly and deliberately it thrust in again, a ramrod that seemed as if it would never stop, until I felt as if every part of my belly was being filled with this hot throbbing organ.

I'd never had a fuck like this, so slow and inexorable, with my whole cunt so completely crammed full. It felt as if it was so absolutely under control that it must go on for ever, a perpetual fucking machine. But it didn't go on for ever. The piston gave a sudden hard thrust and rammed so deep into my vagina that right up somewhere near my navel I felt a surge of boiling cum.

The piston started to ram faster, and each time it filled me I felt that wonderful prick ejaculating a stream of hot sperm deep into my entrails. That was when my cunt went ballistic. Each time my guy rammed me, my ass rammed down to meet him. His thrusts and the convulsions inside my cunt seemed to synchronize. He went on ejaculating, and I went on cumming, until it seemed we'd never stop.

And that's the way I want to remember that evening, as if we'd never stopped.

-The end-