 I was recently involved in a nice sexy gang bang.

It was organized by my elder lover Frank, following a sexy discussion with me.

He placed an advert in a local newspaper advertising a lingerie party for men looking to buy gifts for their wives at Valentines.

He said in the advert that an evening of demonstrations of glamour wear could be organized within the comfort and privacy of their own home, for men looking to buy their wives and sweethearts something sexy.

Saving the men any trips to department stores and also allowing them the opportunity to physically see the goods displayed before buying them.

He had several replies and responses before settling on and organizing a night with a married guy called Dave.

It was agreed with Dave on the phone that a few male friends could be invited along as well. Frank ensuring that he asked for discretion and that the friends could all be vouched for and trusted. 

Dave duly organized for a further three of his workmates to attend. I beleive he worked in a local factory as some kind of department supervisor.

Frank and Mike added to my collection of lingerie sets by buying me a couple of new pairs of high heels, one black and one white, a new basque and suspender set, two pairs of new silk stockings and a matching bra and pantie set.

Having been terribly excited by the idea and been in a state of high arousal for the days leading up to the event, the night finally arrived.

We arrived at 730 pm on a Tuesday evening, Frank carrying a suitcase which contained my lingerie demonstration outfits.

Dave's home was in a well off area of Glasgow, a nice semi detached house, in a nice quiet estate.

We had decided to travel a little distance so that the chance of anyone knowing me or Frank would be diminished.

We were greeted at the door by a tall, distinguished man, about 35 yrs of age. Once inside we were shown into the living room and introduced to the other men present.

I had worn a smart business suit, black knee length skirt and white blouse with my new patent black high heels.

All the men seemed to be of an age, mid to late thirties or early forties.

All rather normal looking, with average bodies from what I could tell at first glance.

Frank was quickly offered a beer and I accepted a glass of wine. The guys had obviously had a couple of drinks already. We then chatted for a little bit.

The chat was very convivial with Frank answering questions over the nature of his little business.

He told them he could get cut price lingerie, panties, bras etc via contacts he had made having been in the trade for many years and now being retired. 

I was introduced as his model for the evening and a previous work colleague.

I noticed the admiring glances I was getting from all the men as we sat chatting and couldn't help crossing my legs a couple of times to give them a couple of teasing glimpses of my legs. 

I was aware of my ever dampening fanny, and of the more than interested looks I was already getting from these guys.

After the drink I was shown upstairs to one of the bedrooms to change whilst Frank engaged in some business patter.

I emerged after five minutes having changed into a white satin basque, white seamed stockings, white high heels and a tiny pair of see through white knickers. 

I had, as usual, shaved my pussy earlier in the evening, whilst fantasizing about what may happen.

My thoughts were drifting back to Mike, my husband and of how I adored him, yet loved being the 'unfaithful' slut wife at times too.

The conversation in the living room halted abruptly as I entered. 

There was an audible intake of breath as I paraded into the room, feeling increasingly turned on as I displayed myself in front of these total strangers. 

Frank played his part magnificently, continuing the sales patter brilliantly and remaining calm, cool and collected as I strutted around displaying myself and the lingerie.

I wantonly paraded around the room, then spying a dining chair I sat down spreading my legs slightly, giving them all a glimpse of my shaved pussy through the thin material of my knickers. 

I then engaged in some further posing as Frank talked about the material, the height of my heels and the see through nature of the gusset of my panties. 

I was now getting wetter and wetter at the whole experience and the fact that I was receiving some extremely admiring glances.

I bent over, touching my high heels, letting the guys get a great view of my arse and of my legs. 

I again then sat down, this time in one of the armchairs. Then once again I spread my legs, wider this time, and for much longer. 

The thin material of my panties was beginning to creep up my wet cunt hole and the see through gusset was showing signs of clear dampness.

With a final show twirl, I turned and made my way upstairs to change into the next lingerie set. My trembling legs barely supporting me, such was my state of sexual arousal.

My departure started some intense chatter between the men. I listened intently at the top of the stairs as the guys talked.

"Did you see the arse on that!" one of the men could be heard saying.

"See it! I'd love to fuck the arse of it!" came the crude reply.

"Aye right Pete you can get to the back of the queue, once you get started with that schlong of yours nobody else gets a look in!"

"I dinnae want to look in. I want to put my cock in," came the laughing response.

"Did you see her shaved gash! I'm sure I could see her lips as she spread her legs."

I moved into the bedroom to change again, my legs now feeling weaker and my cunt becoming extremely moist from the anticipation of events that may be about to unfold.

Frank later told me that as he continued with the sales pitch, Dave asked him how long he had known me, if I was a bit of a goer and if anyone had ever tried anything on with me at our old place of work.

He then asked if Frank had any idea if I would maybe be persuaded do more than just model for them.

Frank brazenly told them that despite my business exterior that I was 'a right tart.'

Adding that, "She had most of the office in the past as far as I know, her poor husband knows nothing of her reputation as being the office bike, this may be your lucky night guys."

I heard a loud, raucous cheer from the room as I made my way downstairs. 

I had decided to go the full hog and make it blatantly obvious I was a willing slut. A married slut gagging for a cocking.

I had put on a pair of the new black, silk seamed stockings, a black half cup bra, my tits now out on display for the men to view. A pair of incredibly high heels and another pair of this time, totally see through black lacy panties. 

My married, shaved cunt was now out on full display.

I calmly walked into the room, taking a sip of wine as I did so. As I paraded up and down, Frank continued giving more sales talk.

He keenly and in great detail, described the sheerness of my panties, making sure as I posed and pouted that the guys could be told in no uncertain terms as to the 'complete see through nature' of them.

'Letting the lady who wears them have her pussy and arse on full display at all times.' 

He was also taking time to mention the half cup bra which afforded the wearers, 'tits to be out for any fun that may be going to take place with your loved ones.' 

I eagerly posed in a varying amount of ways. Each time spreading my legs for that little bit longer and a little wider.

As I walked around I could hear the guys whispering to each other and was aware of the high levels of sexual tension now building up in the room.

I was then astonishingly pulled onto the lap of one of the guys. 

He quickly turned to me and planted a kiss on my lips. I eagerly responded, opening my mouth and darting my tongue in and out to give him a wet, sloppy snog. 

This is what I and Frank had hoped for, what I desperatley wanted and my cunt was now dripping with the anticipation.

This was greeted by wolf whistles and cheers. As I stood up, the guy beside Dave put his hands on my arse feeling me up through the sheer material of my knickers.

Within seconds a second pair of hands joined his and I was rapidly being relieved of them. The lacy material swishing down my stockinged legs and slipping easily off my high heeled feet.

A hand was immediatley placed between my by now widely spread legs and my pussy was quickly and roughly felt up.

"Fuck me her twats on fire," the guy exclaimed as he proudly showed his glistening finger to the others. 

I was finding the atmosphere and the dirty talk so arousing. I could see the guys leering at me and Frank grinning from ear to ear as he watched on. Bulges were now evident in the guys jeans and trousers, hard throbbing cocks straining to be unleashed.

I was very quickly relieved of my bra and this now left me in just the black, seamed silk stockings and the 'come fuck me' high heels.

Over the next couple of minutes I was passed around for a deliciously dirty, sexy snog session. Eagerly opening my mouth for the guys to kiss, nibble, deep french kiss and fondle me.

Events moved on at a pace. 

I was quickly carried over to the dining room table in the adjoining open plan room. I was then laid on my back, my legs splaying open to reveal my sopping wet lips of my dripping cunt. 

I was placed over hanging the table, my arse off the edge, just at the right height for a stand up fuck.

Two of the guys stood at my side, each taking hold of an ankle, keenly displayed in my patent high heels. They then moved ever so slightly apart, displaying my wet hole even further.

Dave was the first to move inbetween my legs, his trousers quickly dropped to his ankles, his shirt buttons undone to show of a nice, toned hairy chest. 

His cock was standing to attention, stiff as a flag pole. I felt his cock head nudge my wet lips, then slowly with a deliberate heave and a shove his full length speared up my quim. I let out a loud gasp as he fully plugged me.

"Oh yes!" I muttered. "Oh yes fuck me."

It was a very deep position. Dave commenced fucking me harder and deeper with each stroke. 

The guys had now raised my legs higher and wider, allowing their friend to fuck me. Pistoning into me at a rapid rate.

My cunt was making loud farting and squelching noises as I was fucked hard in front of my appreciative audience.

I moaned with utter delight. 

Frank was now joining the men in watching, them all unbuckling their belts and readying themselves for their go on me. To take their turn in fucking me like a cheap, bought whore.

These moans and groans were quickly stifled by one of the guys cocks. I was offered it to suck as Dave continued fucking me.

"That's it darling," he said to me. "Suck it you slut."

My mouth was bulging with the bulbous cock head of my attentive fuck partner. I slobbered on his tool, trying to take as much as I could into my eager whore mouth, all the while still receiving a steady humping from Dave.

I grasped onto the guys cock as he began to face fuck me violently, trying to guide it into me without it ramming all the way down my throat.

The sight of me taking a fucking must have been too much for him. I quickly found myself on the receiving end of a mouthful of hot, salty cum. His seed coating my throat and lips as spurt after spurt splattered into me.

"Oh darling, take it all," he encouraged me.

I did my best! 

Spilling only the smallest of drops of his sticky spunk load.

A small trickle was leaking onto the side of my face as he finished off his massive cumming.

This had the desired effect on Dave too. His cock began to twitch up me and I could feel his cum ejaculating hard up my soaking, dripping fuck hole.

"Spunk up me!" I lewdly urged him on. "Go on spunk up my cunt."

"Take it you filthy bitch," he spat at me as his cock unloaded his sticky goodness up my unfaithful pussy.

He then pulled out of me leaving my red, swollen pussy on display for the others. His seed began to leak out of me almost immediately, dripping onto the carpet from my puffy, pounded quim.

I was then placed onto my hands and knees on the floor to be taken doggy-style by the two other guys. One eagerly feeding his hard cock up my spunk drenched quim, the other feeding me his engorged prick to suck.

I was really pummelled for a good while in this position.

Receiving a good hard fuck from behind, meeting each thrust with a mouthful of hard cock at my head.

I garbled and gobbled. Telling the guys to fuck me harder to shag me and use me. My language becoming increasingly dirty and guttural as I got more and more turned on.

Frank and Dave watched on as I took the doggy style pounding. My stockings were now adrift from the matching suspender belt, one rolling down to my knee, the other laddered and torn but still struggling to stay up around my thigh. My tits swung wildly as I was ridden hard.

This is what I had come for, a good hard group fucking. To be used, abused and shagged silly.

My cunt leaked both Dave's spunk and my own cum juice. My second climax building up in me.

"I'm going to cum off," I told my two eager fuck buddies.

"Fuck me hard as I cum please," I screamed at them both.

Within seconds we all three came off. Me writhing to another intense orgasm, the guy behind me depositing his thick load deep into my womb. Seeding me well, mixing his spunk with that of Dave's load.

The guy at my head began spunking up as well, his cock now directly in front of me as he began to splash my face and swinging tits with his sticky goo.

"Oh fuck yes!" I begged. "Fucking cover me in cum you dirty bastard."

"Fuck!" he exclaimed as his spurts washed across my face, dripping off me and lashing onto my undulating tits as well.

His sticky streams coated me as we all enjoyed the amazing climaxes.

A cum drenched group climax.

On finishing off the guys admired their handy work. Me looking like a cum glazed slut.

In the ensuing minutes they admitted to twigging that something didn't quite add up. 

Frank confessed that he was my lover, telling the guys he had organized this in the hope of me getting a good seeing too. Once cleaned up, I rejoined them, sitting amidst them in the laddered and cum stained stockings and high heels, my bra and panties back on.

Our chat over a drink led to us telling them of my unfaithful behavior, and of Mikes knowing about me taking strangers at times.

The guys admitted that they hadn't been expecting a more mature model, especially one wearing a wedding ring. This is when they had hoped I may have been game for some fun.

The evening didn't end there. 

The finale saw me dressed in the final lingerie set, a red suspender set and matching panties. I was again fucked, licked and sucked all over the downstairs. In the living room on the settee, standing over the dining room table. In the kitchen, leaning against the sink.

Enjoying the attention of these four strangers again.

The finale saw me alternately sucking the guys off, Frank finally joining in this time. Then I was taken doggy-style again. Fucked on my hands and knees, the guys changing places. Moving from fucking me from behind to having me suck my cunt juice off their rock solid pricks whilst in front of me. This time in they all unloaded up my cunt or onto my swinging tits and face again.

My make up was now fully smeared from their combined love juice, my hair dishevelled, my cunt gaped, swollen, puffy and red raw from the cocks it had enjoyed. Their cum dripping and oozing out of my married whore hole.

I looked a far different sight from the business lady who had arrived so neatly dressed earlier.

I had enjoyed a thoroughly wicked and delicious night of fun. We gave a couple of the guys the pantie sets as a little gift, each of them saying they would get their wives and girlfriends to wear them, not knowing how they had enjoyed such a willing dirty slut in them already!