 I couldn't believe it! Here I was waiting for Sue not with one friend, but two. I have known Terry and Paul all my life and have total trust in them. I was dying to tell someone about Sue so I mentioned her first as a passing comment while having a drink, but Terry was quick of the mark and wanted to know all! Since then I have spoken about Sue many times. Each time getting more graphical.

I had described Sue; her lovely eyes, her beautiful face and very, very sensual mouth. I explained she is neither too short nor too tall, she is exquisitely formed, having all the correct proportions; a slender body framing her slim waist, fantastic curvaceous breast, sexy slick hips, a beautiful shapely bottom and gorgeous long slender legs. "More!!" Terry said as this image formed in his mind. I went on to tell him that this woman is not only something special to look at, but she makes great conversation. I could, and do, talk to Sue about anything and everything. She is fun to be with and so easy to get on with. She is someone who you would love taking out just for the pleasure of showing her off. Sue is 110% sensual woman, she even walks in a way that locks your eyes to every movement of her body and transfixes your mind on that one thought, getting your hands on that sexy arse! 

The questions asked about Sue soon turned to a sexual nature. I couldn't resist, I had to tell them that fucking Sue was the best experience that I have ever had. Holding her close, with my hard cock thrust deep into her tight cunt was out of this world! I said, without any real thought of the consequences, "If you could only fuck one woman in your life, it would have to be Sue!" With that seed of an idea planted, the plot soon grew! 

The next time we met Paul was there, and he had a big grin on his face. "I've heard about Sue!" he said in a lecherous tone! It was strange, but I enjoyed telling them about her, it turned me on like crazy and I knew it drove them crazy too! I really went to town and told them about the time she wore stockings for me and how Sue had removed her skirt seductively to reveal her fantastic long shapely legs which were adorned in near black stockings held with a very sexy little suspender belt. And how she had given herself to me totally. How I had sucked and licked her erect nipples, tasted her juicy cunt, tantalised her clit and even given her a good finger fucking, which she loved! Enough was enough, "Would she take all three of us?" Paul asked hopefully. "She'll have to!" Terry said, and soon!

The plan was simple. I would ask Sue to come out for a drink. We would meet in a pub out in the country. She agreed, so I ordered a taxi for her. However,she had no idea about Paul and Terry and certainly no idea of what we had planned for her.

We were chatting away when in she walks. We just look and stared. As I had known, Sue would not disappoint. She looked stunning, a white top, which buttoned to the front and showed off her proud breast. A short silky skirt, not to tight, but still it clung to her sensual hips and thighs. And then those lovely long legs. Was the lycra shimmer stockings? Sue stood for a short while framed by the door, a beautiful erotic sight. Her eyes shone and questioned each of her three hosts. Then her enigmatic smile allowed our hearts to beat once more. Sue glided towards us and each sensual movement filled us with desire. We knew that it was going to be a very very special night!

I made the introductions and sat Sue down in the corner lounge seat. We all sat round the table facing her, all weaving for the best view. Terry went and fetched the first drinks. White wine and lemonade for Sue, spiked of course! The drinks flowed and we chatted away easily. Sue was definitely the centre of attention. It was fascinating to watch, Paul and Terry, and me, were transfixed by her every word and movement. You couldn't help but undress her with your eyes and Sue seemed to be enjoying the attention! Sue leaned back into her seat and placed her right foot on the cross bar of the table. In doing so her sexy skirt rode up her thigh and gave a glimpse of her fantastic legs. I don't know if she intended to, but she parted her legs slightly. The outcome of this was stunning. We sat in silence, starring at her sensual long legs; all the way up to her desirable little cunt. We also could see the tell-tall sign of bare flesh, she was wearing stockings! Sue returned our gaze and in response opened her legs just a little more! Her gaze was blurred with our special drink, but she retained that temptress smile. "Time to go!" Paul said eagerly! 

I drove while Sue was in the middle of Paul and Terry in the back. She lay back with her arms open wide pinned behind their shoulders. Terry was kissing her passionately and Paul caressed her breast as he watched. All I could hear was soft moans. It was a still hot summer's night, the sky was clear and the moon full and visibility was like daylight. I knew where I was taking her. Not too far, up to a farmer's field, out in the countryside. Secluded and quiet.

When we arrive no time was wasted. Paul and Terry place a prepared blanked then sat down on the grass and beckoned Sue to follow. I think that if she hadn't sat down she would have fallen down anyway. She lay onto her back and they were at her like hungry wolfs.

The grass was dry and fresh and sensual to the touch. The sweet smell of the meadow mixed with the warm still air.

I joined the party. We raised her arms above her head and tied them gentle but firmly with a silk scarf, just in case. Paul was now kissing her hard his tongue searching. Terry was unbuttoning her blouse to explore breast and I was opening her legs. She allowed us our freedom and we took it. I raised her skirt and stroked her long legs. I couldn't resist kissing the bare flesh above the stocking tops. My lips touched her pouting pussy lips covered by silk. Pulling the material to side I tasted the juicy cunt and boy was it juicy. I couldn't wait any longer. I striped naked. My cock stood very hard and throbbing. I knelt between her legs, forcing them wider, leaning forward Paul and Terry moved to watch. My manhood found its home and I plunged in deep. Sue gasped as I pumped away like a madman. This was heaven. It seemed like only moments before my balls exploded shooting my hot spunk deep into her belly. Sue's pussy was sucking me dry and it was fantastic.

Terry and Paul were now naked and very aroused. "I want you to sit on this!" Terry ordered! We help Sue up while Terry lay on his back. His cock was huge at least twice the size of mine. I couldn't imagine how it was going to fit into Sue's tight little cunt. She straddled Terry and knelt down over him. She asked us to untie her so she could help. When she crabbed hold of his cock she instinctively said "It's too big!!" I said I'll help and place my warm hands around her lovely bottom so that my fingers caressed her pussy lips. In this position I opened her pussy ready for this probing monster. The bulbous purple head tried to enter but Sue couldn't lower herself for fear that this thing would split her. Terry crabbed her hips and savagely pulled her down while forcing his hips up. Her cunt stretched and his cock entered. Sue gasped and rebalanced herself by holding out for Paul and me, and we obliged .At first Terry was trusting alone, but soon Sue was fucking him back, eager to get more cock. His cock slowly filled her as her cunt stretch to accommodate him. I stood in front of her with my soon revived member. She opened her eyes, smiled and then placed her warm mouth onto me. I thought I was gong to cum, fucking Sue's mouth is nearly as good as fucking her cunt. Paul went behind Sue and unfasten her bra to expose her beautiful tits. She was now completely naked above the waist. Her flesh looked and felt so soft and warm and erotic. Paul's hands soon encircled her, cupping her full breast and teasing her now erect nipples. Sue was well and truly getting fucked and enjoying it!!

The sight before me was mesmerising; Terry was trusting his monster of a cock into Sue, as she met his every thrust with demanding force; Paul was fondling her tits, kissing them, licking them, sucking them and rubbing his throbbing member over them. I was getting the best blow job ever. I had never known Sue like this! Here she was acting like a wanton tart, giving herself freely and I remember thinking, 'what a fucking sexy lady!! – what a fantastic woman!! – And I love every thing about the way she is acting!! - I love it!! – I love her like this!! – I'm in love!!'

I run my finger through her lovely long fair hair, even her hair was sensuous, moving it slightly away from her face so that I could watch as my cock filled her mouth. With each more powerful trust from Terry, and his running comments, "what a fuck! – What a cunt! – What a body!! - You are something else!! I took hold of the back of her head and a handful of hair and held her to me. As she moved back with the rhythm she would suck hard down the length as if trying to suck the cum out of me; it was fucking out of this world!

I was close to cumming, Terry was close and so was Sue. I could feel the trembles of orgasm building in her. I looked at her and she opened her eyes. Without freeing me, her eyes smiled and sparkled with lust, excitement and passion! She cupped my balls feeling the weight and tightness, as they were ready to give up their load. She caressed with such tender love as if beckoning their contents. Sue has a wonderful touch! Her eyes were wide as Terry shot his load into her deep. You could she could feel every bit of him, with every wave of pulsating cum she gasped! There was no stopping, I was past that point, both hands behind her head, fingers entwined in her hair, I came my hot creamy spunk. Sue gasped again, but did not pull away. Instead she swallowed, and sucked more, and more, and licked my dry!!

I moved back a little as Sue released me, and she swallowed the clear night air. She rocked forward and felt the long, still thick beast, leave her. By the look on her face I don't think she wanted to let go!! Such a tart!! 

Sue was on all fours. Her cunt open wide and she could feel the coolness of the night air upon her as it mingled with the spunk and juice! "That was so good!!" Sue said in a well-satisfied and very seductive mSueer! We looked at each other in shock. This was the first thing she had said since we arrived. The effect was electric!! "Would you like more?" Paul asked with hopefulness! "O yes! More, more, more PLEASEEEEEEEE!! Paul was at her like a rabbit. He entered her from behind as it was there waiting to be had. His cock although not quite as long as Terry's it was just as thick and although her cunt was juicy and all spunked up, she was still very tight to enter. 

Paul trust hard and deep, again and again and again! "Yes fuck me, FUCK ME!! You feel so good!!" This new side of Sue excited me more than I imagined, I was rock hard again. I loved listening to her being so wanton and verbal – she is fantastic I thought!!

Terry was below her sucking and licking her breast. I just stood there watching, listening to her and wanking like mad!!

We all came together to Sue's call "yes! Yes! YES!!"

When we got Sue home I said I would make sure she was all right, so they waited in the car. I opened the door and helped her in. As soon as we got through the door I knew she wouldn't make it up stairs. I scooped her up and cradled her in my arms and carried her upstairs to her room. She felt so soft and warm, and looked so innocent?!

I lay her on the bed and removed all her cloths except for her knickers. She looked so sexy lying there. I felt a familiar urge!

"I'm going to stay awhile, just to make sure she's ok!" I told them and the drove away with a smile and a wave.

I undressed quickly and climbed in beside her. She looked, smelt, tasted and felt beautiful!! I was addicted to her! I just looked and kissed, and touched her gentle so as not to wake her! She turned away and curled in her sleep like a innocent little girl, but I knew different!!