 My wife, Brenda, and I decided to finally go ahead and do it. 

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Yeah? Are you?" she countered.

"Yeah. Let's go for it." 

"It" was a threesome. Neither she nor I had ever experienced one before. I had never even come close, not that she had. It's just because I had no other partners before I met Brenda. 

We have been married for eleven years, and while sex with her was great, too many times it seemed forced and lacked spontaneity. With two kids, it was probably typical of many marriages. 

Being a guy, I could not possibly be the only one who has asked for a threesome from his wife, can I? Why not? I always wondered. I always felt I could distance sex as something my wife and I did in our bedroom when we made love and then sex as just an act to be enjoyed and wallow in the pleasure it gives me and my wife. I knew that was on her mind when I talked about it but the truth of the matter was I did not want anyone else. It's why I wanted her there, and more specifically, I more wanted to see her and share her with another woman. 

That's right; I always envisioned the third to be another female, which is why it was all the more surprising that Brenda and I were making plans for this Friday night, getting my sister to watch the kids overnight, and go out and bar hop, and search for that one person who would rock our world. We didn't have many requirements. He had to be clean, decent-looking, not too heavy but not too thin. And he couldn't be married, either. Age was not an issue, although it assumed he wouldn't be older than me. I am 43. I knew that if Brenda had her druthers, she'd probably prefer the guy to be in his early 30's, and I was okay with that, too. She just turned 40 a few months ago.

I'm getting a little ahead of myself, it seems. I didn't tell you the agreement Brenda and I came to about a month ago, did I?

She said she would have a threesome with another woman and me if I was amenable to a threesome with a guy first. Fair, I guess, except for the part of which one comes first. After all, I asked her first! But ladies first, right guys?

It wasn't a complete shock to hear that request from her since it was something we had begun talking about in bed, too; me asking her if she ever thought about having two guys service her and also watching the guys being together, if she thought it was sexy to imagine one guy sucking another guy's cock. Of course she said yes. I tried to convince her it was different, how two girls kissing, rubbing themselves up and down each other was much better to watch and enjoy than two guys doing the same, even to another woman, but she disagreed. I still think that to this day but Brenda told me no, I'm wrong. 

"If you're willing, I'll do it," she told me one night in bed. "I'll share you with another woman and you can do whatever you want to her and with her and I'll do the same, too. Under one condition."

And I knew exactly what it was, too. 

"As long as you do it first," she began. "If you'll do it first with another guy and me, then I'll do it in return with another woman. Understand?"

"Yes."

"And only if you let the guy fuck me will I let you fuck her, too. Okay?"

"Absolutely, hon. I can't believe you're actually suggesting this. Are you serious?"

"Uh huh."

That conversation took place over three weeks ago and many wild fuck sessions ago. You see, I never expected it to actually happen one day. It was exciting enough for me to just talk about it. Even after that first night when she brought it up and I asked her if she was serious and she told me she was, I still thought she was teasing me. A part of me a few weeks later still thought she would pull out of it. 

But tonight it was all set to happen. I had just gotten back from dropping the kids off at my sister's. The explanation all along was that Brenda and I needed a night out, alone of course, and then back to our house with no kids within earshot. I'm sure she and my brother-in-law tried long and hard not to imagine why we needed privacy. Just some loud, uninhibited sex maybe? I'm sure neither could imagine what we were up to.

The difficult part about planning something like this was that it was no "sure thing". One might wonder why we didn't just approach someone we knew, perhaps a couple, and knock out both fantasies in one night. While that may have been fun to talk about, it wasn't something either of us wanted to deal with afterward. It would simply be too awkward to go back to being just friends or neighbors with anyone that we may have picked, to say nothing about what if we asked someone and they said "no way, are you fucking crazy?"

We also had talked at great lengths about the repercussions about pursuing such a fantasy. Would it damage our relationship with each other and therefore our marriage? If anything, I was more persistent in asking these questions than she was. "It won't damage it because we won't let it. Simple as that," Brenda told me once and for all.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~

"Goddamn," I muttered. 

I walked into the house after returning from dumping the kids at my sister's and was standing in our bedroom watching Brenda finish doing her hair. We weren't going anywhere particularly fancy, just a bar or two, so Brenda was wearing a pair of jeans. They were new, too, and brought out the best in her juicy rump. After having recently lost some weight, Brenda was ready and raring to go. Her ass, I've always felt, was one of her best features, but now with the weight loss, I knew Brenda thought so, too.

I went to stand behind her and leaned forward a bit to press my already hard cock against her backside to show to her just how appreciative I was. I then looked over her shoulder and saw really for the first time what top she was wearing. Low-cut and offering an appetizing view of her cleavage.

"Whoa, hon. By the looks of you, we'll be back here within the hour."

"Doubt it, it's only 6:30."

The plan was to go eat beforehand but looking at my wife's backside, eating to me meant something entirely else. I put my arms around her and lifted them to her breasts. 

"Don't Steve," she warned. "You can't touch me until we're home again."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes. And take your cock away from my ass. It's torture, I know, but torture will be good for you."

"Torture for who? You love it just as much as me," I teased.

She then turned toward me and pecked my lips. "I can't wait to watch you suck some guy's cock, babe. And you better do it, too."

I kept telling myself I better, too, since the payoff would be to see her and another woman hook up one day.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~

We went to dinner at a local pub near our house, and luckily for Brenda, we got a male waiter, one I had never seen before. I knew right away that Brenda would think he was hot. Too bad he was too young. I said I would let the other guy be as young as 27 or 28, but this kid probably was no older than 21 or 22. Driving away from the restaurant she said, "And don't think I didn't see you looking at the little waitress with the nice ass," she teased. I was busted, but I always look at the girls' asses, and she knew it. 

"Hey, I'm just glad to hear you say she has a nice ass," I shot back. "But that was nothing compared to the cleavage shots you were giving our server," I added. "He did seem to enjoy it from his view a little more than I could from mine."

"Uh huh. Too bad he's working tonight; maybe he could have been at the bar later on tonight," she said.

Of course, that's assuming he was old enough to get into a bar. Also, the bars we were going to were thirty minutes west of where we lived. It was more rural out the way we were going, but more importantly it was an area that we didn't frequent and more importantly, family or friends of ours didn't patronize.

I tried putting my hand on my wife's leg but she reminded that no touching by me was allowed. 

"What about you touching me?" I asked. "Maybe give me some sign you're as anxious as me."

"How's this?"

On the dark, shadowy road, Brenda moved over and kissed my neck, ran her tongue in and around my ear and cupped my groin in her hands. But as soon as it had started she was done, re-situating herself back in her seat. 

"That was nice," I deadpanned. "Maybe whatever guy we take home will sit in the front seat with me and he'll do that to me, too. And all you'll be allowed to do is sit in the back and watch?" I tried to get her agitated.

"Oooh, I think that'd be hot!" she squealed.

"I guess you would."

Sitting at the bar and then at a table near the bathrooms, Brenda and I tried to figure out exactly how this was going to work. It was 9:15 and getting a little crowded. I had scouted a few bars in this area last Friday to see what kind of crowds they get and at what time they get crowded, and what I found out was this particular bar got crowded a little earlier than the others nearby. It also had a younger crowd, possibly from a small, private university that was only a ten-minute car ride away. 

"See anything or anyone you like?" I asked. I knew she did and I knew which ones, too.

"Yeah. Over at the pool table."

"I could have guessed. Go over there and ask to play," I suggested.

"But you know I don't know how to play pool," she countered. 

"Who said anything about pool?"

"Okay."

So I watched as my wife of over eleven years strutted over to the pool table where two kids played, probably barely over the age of 21. The age limit rule, if there ever was one, was thrown out the window. 

In the loud bar I could not possibly hear their conversation but would find out later it went something like this. 

"Hi there," she said to them.

"Hey."

"Can I play?"

"Uh, sure. Isn't that your boyfriend over there, though?"

"No."

"Oh, okay."

"He's my husband."

"Your husband?"

"Yeah, is that a problem?"

"No, not if he doesn't care, doesn't bother us."

"As a matter of fact, I think he likes seeing me over here talking to you. I told him I would come over here and ask to play and he didn't believe I would. This is me proving him wrong."

I stared at not only Brenda but also at the guys glaring at her, mostly at her tits hanging out of her top as she lined up one shot after another.

"Help me with my technique, please?" she must have asked, because one of the guys came up to her and helped her, showing her how to hold the stick, line it up and attempt a shot. "I usually know how to handle big, long sticks," she teased.

Watching a guy put his arm around her waist and then push up against her body made my own flush with excitement. I couldn't believe how hard I was getting. After settling down enough to get up, I walked over to the table.

"Hi guys. And thanks for showing her how to play. I've always thought it was a lost cause, I guess."

"Sure, no problem," one of them replied.

I sat and drank mostly while I watched the three of them play. Brenda did not let up, either, in her flirting. It was oddly erotic. I saw Brenda in a way I never really saw in her before. When a couple of guys came to the table and challenged a game, I assumed Brenda would join me on the sideline and watch as her new friends tried to defend their table, but one of them instead sat at the table with me.

"Kevin wanted Brenda to play with him. Says she's ready."

"Oh, she's ready all right," I said.

"So what gives with you guys? You have like what they call an open marriage or something?"

"Not necessarily but never say never. You have a girlfriend, Craig?"

"Kinda. Why you ask?"

"Because, if you want, either you or Kevin could quite possibly fuck my wife tonight."

"Really?"

"Yep. Does Kevin have a girlfriend?"

"No. So I guess it would probably be him, huh?"

"Well, we didn't talk about two guys. It always seemed like it would just be one guy."

"So, you planned this?"

I was busted. "Yeah, I guess you could say that."

For the next thirty seconds, both Craig and I were temporarily distracted by the view in front of us: Brenda lining up a shot on the opposite side, a clear shot of her tits there for our enjoyment. 

"You probably don't mind me saying this, but your wife really does have some nice tits."

"Thanks, and you're right, she does and I don't mind hearing you say it."

"You might want to be careful, though," Craig added. "Your wife is definitely Kevin's type. Brunette with nice, big tits."

Perfect, I thought.

"How old are you two?"

"I'm 22 and Kevin's 21."

I was resigning myself that it would be a young guy less than half my age probably fucking my wife and possibly more with me. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~

The situation was surreal. Not long after my conversation with Craig about the possibilities of some sexual activity among me, Brenda and one of them, Brenda offered the same to Kevin. He was the hotter of the two, I guess, plus she felt a stronger connection with him. But she went further than I did, telling him I would be there and that he would have to be "up" for some experimentation with another guy; it was part of the deal. Brenda felt so confident he would say "yes" no matter what, she was a little disappointed he said he had to think about it. 

"I'll tell you what, honey. I think we should just let him fuck you anyway."

"Why? Why are you so anxious to share me?"

"I'm not. I mean, I am but I.... I can't explain it," I answered excitedly. "Watching you interact with him and with Craig was very, very hot! I was even imagining Kevin fucking you from behind when he was showing you how to shoot pool."

"You were?"

"Uh huh." 

"I guess I thought about it, too," she admitted. 

"Here he comes," I cautioned Brenda.

Kevin was alone. His friend Craig was nowhere to be seen.

"Okay," he said followed by a big breath. "I appreciate the offer, I really, really do. And while I can appreciate the fact you two want to branch out, have some fun, experiment even, I just can't bring myself to do the same. I think your wife is hot, man, and any guy would be lucky to have sex with her. But I just can't go along with the whole package, if you know what I mean."

"I'm not gay, man," I offered. "It's all for her."

"Oh, I know. And that's great, but it's just not for me."

Brenda was quiet the whole time. And she looked sad, too. She was horny and sad. But I knew we would be moving onto the next bar since it was still relatively early.

"How about just a blowjob?" I offered.

"Excuse me?"

"From Brenda, not me."

Now my wife looked at me, too.

"What are you saying, baby?" she asked, her interest definitely piqued.

"I'm saying you...I mean we...we led poor Kevin on. I think you should at least give him a blowjob. Out in our car, in the backseat."

Brenda's eyes lit up like a Christmas tree.

"For real?" she asked. 

I nodded. "Why not? Then we'll leave, in search of someone else for the other part. You don't mind, do you?"

Brenda tried to compose herself but seemed very anxious to get going even though Kevin had yet to answer.

I knew Brenda was in. "Well?" I asked Kevin.

"Of course! I'd be fucking crazy not to agree, right?"

"Knowing her blowjobs, yes, you would be. Let's go."

"You're going, too, huh?" Kevin asked.

"Yeah. I'm going to watch but I'll be in the front seat. Does that bother you?"

"Nah." Kevin made one more quick glance to Brenda and her cleavage and said, "Let's go!"

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

Not even five minutes later, I was watching an unbelievable scene. My wife, Brenda, giving a guy over twenty years younger than me a blowjob.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm," she was moaning around his throbbing cock. 

Even though Kevin probably still did think I was bisexual or at least bi-curious, I really had no desire to see his cock. It really was the act of Brenda blowing another guy that was turning me on, and since that meant seeing his cock, so be it. He was no bigger than me but it didn't stop Brenda from talking and commenting on his nice prick. 

"Show him your tits, baby," I said. I had already ordered her to take off her bra before she even started. 

Taking her mouth momentarily off him, she said, "He's already feeling them. Show 'em, too?"

"He is?"

"Mmhmm."

Brenda resumed her enthusiastic cocksucking.

"Oh yeah...your wife is very good, just like you said, man."

"And she'll swallow, too," I added.

"Yeah?"

"Uh huh."

Brenda took to the role happily, playing the role of almost a slut for me, her husband. She went upright and held Kevin's cock at its base. "Last chance, Kevi....wanna fuck me? We could go to that motel just down the street. Just say you'll let my husband suck your cock, even for just a little bit, and then I'll be all yours."

She shook her tits a little bit more for effect; she was going to wait just a little bit longer for his answer and then resume the blowjob. Neither she nor I expected to hear what we did. 

"Okay. But right here. Let's just fuck right here right now." Then looking up at me, he continued. "But I guess you gotta suck my cock first, huh? Can you lean over from there?"

I was really taken aback, not really prepared for doing it. I thought I would have time to think about it before it happened but I guess in hindsight, it was best to just react. I looked at Brenda and she had the biggest smile on her face. 

"No...I mean yeah, I think I can get to ya from here," I said. I told myself I just had to do it and not even think about what it was I about to do. And so it was not surprising that within a few seconds, my hand found his cock, held it firmly and then slipped the head of his cock just inside my mouth.

"Oh wow," Brenda muttered. "I can't believe it, Steve...you are actually sucking a cock." She alternated looking at me giving a blowjob and then looking up at Kevin and soaking in how he was accepting it. "Ooh, I think he likes it, hon. Keep on kissing it, baby."

I couldn't believe it myself. I actually had another's man erect penis in my mouth, and while I never wondered what it would be like, it seemed to be exactly how one might envision it. 

Brenda herself was unbuttoning her jeans and taking them off, getting ready to fuck this young stud. I could tell she was excited to soon be actually fucking him. 

"Don't cum, doll. Save it for my pussy," she said.

After another couple of seconds, my mouth left his dick and I waited to see what I really never thought I'd ever witness: my beloved wife fucking another guy right in front of me. And letting him cum inside of her, too! But before Brenda moved over across his legs, I noticed a movement outside our car in the dark parking lot. While I couldn't see for sure who it was, I was pretty sure it was Kevin's friend, Craig, and that because he was running away from the car that he most probably saw me blow his buddy. 

"Fuck him good, baby," I hissed. 

"Oh, I will." She took hold of his cock and then slowly sat down on it. "Play with my tits, too, Kevin."

I couldn't see much but did hear the squishy noise of my wife's pussy. 

"Mmmmm, from your mouth to my pussy. Did you like sucking his cock, baby?" she teased.

I wanted to say "no" but knew what she wanted to hear.

"Yeah."

"I bet you did but not as much as I'm enjoying fucking it."

Then she did the unthinkable. She started kissing him on the mouth, which only caused their fucking to intensify. I was pissed and I was jealous but god was I horny and hard! I was surprised that all of my emotions came out in the form of a slap to her butt. 

"Owww!" she shrieked. "What the fuck!?"

"Slut!" I barked. 

But the kissing no longer hurt me; rather, I was very much turned on by it. 

"I am a slut, baby," she confided. "Your slut, though," she added. "And I know I'm only doing what you want me to."

Then she cried out even louder. "Oh fuck! Yeah, pinch my nipples, Kevin! Fuck me!!! I'm going to cum!"
