 I love my husband but our love life has always been what can be best described as adequate and normal. Not exactly the words someone uses when talking about passion. We have a great life and wonderful kids and I couldn't see my life without him but in the past few years I have found myself wondering what goes on behind the closed doors of others. I would love to explore these things with him but he is not willing to step outside the bounds of our straight laced life.

Days of a suburban housewife are busy but not too exciting. As luck would have it I struck up a friendship with one of the other mothers at my son's weekly practice. Mary was about my age and the more we talked the more it seemed we were alike. I felt completely relaxed around her and soon I was telling her things I had never shared with anyone. I told her of my growing sexual frustrations and she told me she had been through similar times with her husband. When I asked how she overcame the urges she said she hadn't. Her and her husband had done things to spice up their love life instead of suppressing these urges. She told me they had entertained the thought of swinging but she had no interest in being with another man. She had a long running fantasy of being with another woman so went in that direction. I was shocked at first but as she told me more and more about the things they had done I caught myself getting very wet. That afternoon after I got home I locked myself in the bathroom and told the kids I was taking a bath. I masturbated to orgasm after orgasm. 

A few weeks passed and I think Mary enjoyed seeing me squirm at each practice as she told me more and more of her adventures. At this point I was consumed with thoughts of her. In the past I had plenty of fantasies of being with another woman but I always thought they were just that, fantasies I would never live out. Right now I was standing in front of this woman thinking more and more of making them a reality. As if she could sense the urgency in me, Mary asked if I would like to drop by her house later for a drink and said we could talk a little more openly without so many people around. Of course I agreed and began figuring out the logistics of what to do with the kids. Right on cue my cell phone rang. It was my husband saying he would be home early so I told him I had a few errands to run and would appreciate him watching the kids this afternoon.

Once home I took a bath and tried to not touch myself. I didn't expect anything to happen but I wanted to smell fresh for my afternoon date. I could not have been more nervous as I pulled into Mary's driveway. I was almost shaking as I rang the bell. She answered the door and quickly asked me in. She was in a t-shirt and sweat pants and although she isn't a gym nut she looked great. We sat at the table in the kitchen and she poured us some wine. She told me her kids were over at her sister's for the afternoon so we would have some quiet time. We hadn't finished the first glass when I heard the door open. Her husband Jim came into the kitchen. She introduced us and he grabbed a glass and joined us. He was as open as her and in no time we were all having a very open talk about sex. I was sitting there growing wetter and wetter just looking at those two imagining them doing some of the things they were describing to me. 

The wine flowed and soon it seemed they were asking me more about my desires then telling me theirs. 

Mary stood up and walked over next to me and said," Maybe if you want to know what a girl is like you should start with a kiss."

She leaned in and kissed me and I didn't resist. Her lips were so soft as she slowly kissed mine. I felt her hand slide behind my neck as she pulled me in closer. Her soft tongue parted my lips and slowly circled mine. I turned to face her and rose up without letting my lips leave hers. I pulled her to me and kissed her back deeply. Her mouth was so soft against mine as we let our tongues explore each others. I ran my hands over her back and felt the soft sexiness of her curves. I trembled when she moaned into my mouth.

She pulled back a little and I told her "That was nice."

She responded "Oh there are lots of things we can do that feel nice if you are up for it."

I was in too deep now to back out so I said "Let's go for it."

She looked me in the eye and said "First we need to make sure we are all on the same page. Are you ready for us both?"

"Oh yes" I responded.

Mary led me by the hand back down a hall to her bedroom. Jim followed close behind carrying what was left of the bottle of wine and the glasses. When we got in the room she turned to me and pulled me to her. We kissed deeply again as her hands ran over my body and mine hers. I felt Jim come up beside us and I could feel his hand on my back. This was the first man to touch me other than my husband in fifteen years so it took a little getting used to. Luckily I think he sensed this because he leaned in and kissed Mary. It was hot watching them kiss and seeing him fondle her breast. I decided to jump in with both feet so I pulled him to me and kissed him. His kisses were soft and very hot. As I kissed him fully I could feel Mary's hands running over my body. She kissed down my neck and across my shoulder. Her hands found my breast as she squeezed them through my bra. My nipple rose to her touch as she squeezed it. I moaned louder as she released my breast from the cup and pinched my naked nipple. She pulled my shirt up and took my aching nipple in her mouth. Jim pulled back and began pulling her shirt over her head. My hands went straight to her breasts. They were soft and much smaller than mine. I pulled her nipples and loved the way her moans felt on my nipple. She stood up fully and pulled my shirt over my head. Then she removed my bra. Jim took one of my breast in his hands sucking the nipple hard. It felt so good my legs were shaking. I helped Mary remove his shirt. 

Mary came to me and unbuttoned my pants. She kissed me and I felt her fingers going down my panties. Her soft fingertips found my now soaking wet lips. I shuddered when she touched my clit. She began sliding her finger into me as she kissed me deeply. My legs were getting weak as she finger fucked me. Jim came up behind her and took her pants off. I reached down to touch her and found she was completely shaved. Her pussy was soft I ran my fingertips over the lips back and forth. I slowly moved my fingers towards her slit. It was slick with her juices. Jim took his pants off and suggested we move to the bed. 

Mary laid me back on the bed then slid my pants and panties off. She moved up to laying on me and kissed me. Slowly she kissed down my body, taking her time before moving down. When her mouth grazed over my bush I almost jumped off the bed. I wanted her tongue against me so bad. She ran her tongue up my wet slit and I could feel my whole body shake. She started with soft slow licks before gradually penetrating me more and more each time. It started in my pussy and ran up through my body. Wave after wave of pleasure as I humped her mouth hard. She slowed down as my orgasm subsided and licked me gently. She traced soft circles around my wet lips and I could tell I had another one coming soon. I looked up and saw Jim behind her. He slid into her and with each of his thrust her tongue drove deeper into me. It was so hot watching him fuck her as she ate me I went wild with excitement. I grabbed her head and fucked her mouth with reckless abandon. I have never came so hard in all my life.

Jim pulled out of her and lay on the bed next to me. Mary was still licking me and I did not want her to ever stop. Jim leaned over me and kissed me. He sucked each of my nipple long and hard then came up and kissed me again. I wanted to hold his cock so I reached down and felt for it. It was nice and think and I stroked him as he kissed me. I wanted to taste her juices on his cock so I pulled him up urging him to bring it close to my mouth. He moved to his knees beside me and I took him in my mouth. I could taste Mary on him as I sucked him as far in as I could. Slowly working his cock I alternated between sucking the head and taking him deep. Mary slid a finger in me and was fucking me while she licked my clit. I was losing control fast as I sucked him harder and harder. I wanted his cum now and I wanted it bad. I came really hard before I could get him to come so I released him as Mary crawled up me. She kissed me then took Jim's cock in her mouth. We both took turns sucking him for a little bit before I rolled her onto her back and kissed down her body.

It was now or never as I summoned up all my nerve and ran my tongue over her wet slit. Her hips rose to meet my mouth as I licked her deeper. She tasted sweet as I put my tongue as deep in her as I could. I found her clit and began sucking it into my mouth. I held her hips as she grinded up against my tongue. Fast and faster I licked her clit as she moaned loudly. I looked up and saw Jim standing over her holding her head as he fucked her mouth. I watched as his thick cock went in and out of her hot mouth. Her body trembled as she came hard against my mouth. 

Jim climbed off the bed and moved behind me. I knew what was coming and I was so ready for it. He pulled my hips up until I was on my knees. I was expecting his cock any second but he surprised me by running his tongue down my pussy. He worked my pussy like a pro and I was coming hard in no time. I was still shaking when he slid his cock into me. It felt so thick as he buried it fully in me. With each thrust he pushed my tongue deeper into his wife's pussy. I looked up and saw she was watching as he fucked me hard. I didn't know I could cum so many times in a row but I was soon cumming all over his cock. I held Mary's hips as she came with me. 

She looked at me and told me we had to give the poor guy some relief so we lay side by side on the bed. He came up above us and we took turns sucking him until he was ready to explode. I grabbed his cock and stroked him as I licked his head. I could feel his cock start to pulse so I stroked him until he shot his hot cum all over both of our tits. Feeling quite spent for the moment we all lay on the bed. After a few minutes Mary brought out a chest and placed it on the bed. She opened it to reveal quite a collection of sex toys. They all looked interesting but one in particular peaked my interest. She held up the strap-on and asked if I had ever wanted two cocks at once. 

I smiled and said "I'm game if you are."

We rested a few moments then things started up again but I will save that one for the next story to follow shortly. For now, just know that it was quite fulfilling.