 For those who have not read the first chapter of this story you should search it out so you will be up to speed on what is going on.

My head was still spinning from everything as I lay there watching Mary adjust the straps on the harness that held the dildo. She pulled and shifted them until the big fake cock hung erect in front of her. She picked up a bottle of lube and began spreading it over the length of the shaft. I could feel my stomach begin to tighten in anticipation of what was to come. She crawled back onto the bed and knelt between my legs. Holding the glistening cock in her hands I could feel her slowly rubbing it up and down my slit. Slowly she worked the head into me. It was so big and firm and it took a moment to adjust to the size of it. With a slow deliberate pace she began to stroke in and out of me. She leaned forward and kissed me. I felt her cock slide fully to my depths. I felt so full as she held it there while we kissed. I took her tits in my hands when she leaned back up and I rose up to suck each nipple. Flicking my tongue over them each in turn; as I watched them stiffen. My thoughts were wondering everywhere at this point. I had never imagined myself in this position and I was feeling nervous and unsure yet I was incredibly turned on. I reached over and took Jim's limp cock in my hand and began to stroke him lightly. I could feel him begin to swell in my hand. I pulled him closer so I could take him in my mouth. As I sucked his cock I could feel him swell to hardness as it now stretched my mouth with its circumference. 

I have never had rough sex. Sex for me has always been more subdued and sensual. As Mary began to pump into me harder I experienced feelings I had never had before. She pulled my legs up over her shoulders and began to fuck me in earnest. My body rocked with each thrust as she seemed to fuck me harder and harder. She was fucking me so deep and hard she was hitting things that have never been hit before. I think she may have found my g-spot because in seconds I started to come like never before. It was a very deep orgasm that originated from somewhere deep inside me and rocked through my whole body. I dropped Jim's cock from my mouth and lay my head back. Involuntarily my head shook form side to side as I cried out. Mary didn't slow down and I couldn't stop coming. It seemed to just go on and on as she fucked me hard and deep. Finally she seemed to take mercy on me and slowed her pace and allowed me to catch my breath. 

She looked down at me smiling, "I think you liked that."

I could barely talk, "Oh yes I did."

Mary let her cock slide out of me and lay down beside me on her back. "Why don't you try it on top a while?"

I moved over her and lowered my pussy down on her cock. I took it fully and just sat there looking down at this beautiful woman. I reached down and held her tits as I began to rock slowly on her. I could tell be the way she was moaning she liked it as much as I did when I pumped harder. Jim knelt beside her and fed his cock into her mouth. She stroked him as she sucked his head. It was so hot watching her suck him while I fucked her I couldn't resist laying down on her and sucking him with her. We took turns taking him into our mouths while she stroked him. Out tongues would meet on the head of his cock as we sandwiched him between our mouths. Jim pulled back and let me kiss her deeply. I couldn't get enough of her soft mouth and wet kisses. I saw Jim out of the corner of my eye lubing his cock up. I was unsure of his intentions but had a feeling where he was headed.

I could feel his slick cock running up and down my crack as I rocked back and forth slowly on Mary's strap-on. A little shudder ran through me each time the head of his cock pushed against my asshole. He grabbed my ass with both hands and spread my cheeks slightly. I could feel him massaging my tight opening with a thumb. He slid it part of the way in, taking time to let me adjust to it before going farther. In time he had his whole thumb in my ass slowly working it. I felt him withdraw it then press his cock head to my ass. With gently pressure I could feel myself open as the head began to work in. There was a slight pop sensation as the head slid past the opening. With slow steady pressure he moved deeper into me and I could feel myself relax and adjust. He held it there with the only movement being mine as I rocked slowly on the big dildo that filled my pussy to the hilt. I felt him start with short movements as he started fucking my ass. I stopped moving and just tried to relax. Each thrust from him drove me down on her cock. The feelings of discomfort turned to intense pleasure as his cock filled my ass. He held me down tight on her as he began to fuck me harder. I squealed with each thrust as he fucked my ass and she fucked my pussy. I have never had such a feeling of fullness in my life. My body began to quiver as the sensations ran through it. Mary held me tight and kissed me as I came. I couldn't move, I just lay there he slid his cock out of my ass. I watched as he went into the bathroom to wash himself up. 

Looking down at Mary all I could say was, "Holy shit."

Mary let out a little laugh and hugged me. 

Finally working up the strength to move I rolled off Mary letting the dildo slip from me. She got up and joined Jim in the bathroom and washed of her toy. The both joined me on the bed and we lay there quietly enjoying the afterglow of what we had just done. 

I asked Mary if it was hard fucking a woman with that thing on.

She laughed and said. "No, but don't feel like you have to do me. I would love you to but I know you have been through quite a bit today and I will understand if you are done."

I told her that although I had enjoyed everything we have done, I was really interested in giving that strap-on a try.

Mary helped me get in the harness. I have to admit I felt a little silly standing there looking at this dildo hanging out in front of me. I took hold of it and stroked it. I wondered if this is how a man feels all the time with this thing just hanging there. I moved towards the bed but Mary stopped me. 

She knelt on the edge of the bed and said, "If you don't mind, this is the way I really like it." 

I took the lube and put a little on the shaft of my new cock. Rubbing it over the full length I moved behind her and ran it over her slit. Her pussy lips looked so full as the parted and slid over the head of the cock. I moved into her and slowly began working it deeper into her. With short shallow thrusts I began fucking her. I held her hips as I watched my cock go in and out of her. 

Mary looked back over her shoulder, "Don't go easy on me, I like it hard and deep."

I pulled her back against me and pushed my cock into her fully. It took me a little while to get the hang of it but soon I was fucking her hard and fast. Jim moved in front of her and I could lean over just enough to watch her suck him. He muffled cries let me know I was doing something right as I tried to fuck her as hard as I could. I wasn't expecting to get much out of using the strap-on on her beyond the mental aspect of it and had thought that I would only be giving her pleasure but I found the harness was rubbing my clit with each thrust. The harder I thrust the harder it rubbed my clit. Soon I was fucking her more for my pleasure than hers. I had slipped into the man mentality and finally had some understanding of it. As I held her hips and thrust into her my own orgasm was approaching. Mary cried out and bucked wildly. It was just the thing I needed to put me over the edge and I came with her. Exhausted and spent I lay beside her and moved my head under hers.

I watched her sucking Jim's cock above me. The look on his face was one of pure ecstasy as he held her head and fucked her mouth. He let out a low guttural groan and pulled his cock from her mouth. He grabbed his cock and stroked feverishly until he erupted. Stream after stream of warm cum sprayed across her mouth and chin and ripped down onto mine. She took his cock in her hand and licked the remaining cum from the tip then leaned down and kissed me. We shared the warm cum between us as we kissed. She licked what had dripped on my cheek and I licked it from her chin and neck. We all moved up to the lay on the pillows. There was no need for words; we just lay there in a blissful euphoria.

I do not know if I will ever repeat what I have done with these dear friends but if I do, I can be sure it will be most memorable.