 Note; This story happens to contain male on male sex... if that's not what you're looking for, or for some reason it offends you then this isn't the story for you. Otherwise; enjoy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I won't lie to you: I had thought about my sexuality before; the thoughts had always been there. Maybe not at the forefront of my mind, but bubbling away at the back of my consciousness I had always fantasized about experimentation. That said I'd never expected to make these fantasies reality. 

So obviously right now I'm still trying to wrap my head around what's just happened; but I'm going about it in the wrong way now. 

A while back I'd admitted to my girlfriend that I was bi-curious, and at her continued questioning I explained that I always saw myself as more of a bottom; willing to be used... at least at first anyway. As I mentioned before I was expecting nothing to come of it. It was good to get the admission off my chest, but that's all I took it for, but god was I in for a surprise. 

I'd arrived at her house, dead on time at her insistence, and as soon as I stepped over the threshold I was dragged upstairs. Nothing particularly unusual about that though. 

Neither was I surprised when she almost ripped my shirt open before pulling it off and pushing me down onto the bed; straddling my chest. 

I tried to push myself up to kiss her and ran one hand up her back to the base of her neck whilst my other hand caressed her thigh, my thumb brushing, almost teasingly further up and between her legs. 

She looked down on me sternly, and I knew what I was in for. She grabbed my hand on her leg first and pushed it up above my head near the bars of her headboard.

I felt the familiar feel of a silk scarf wrapping round my wrist, she'd obviously hidden the scarf under the pillow in preparation.

In an act of defiance I let the hand on her neck wander as she restrained my right hand. I ran it across her shoulders and down, briefly stopping to caress her breasts through her top before running it down and trying to mischievously slide a few fingers under the waistband of her jeans. 

But before I could do any more she had finished restraining my right hand, and grabbed my left wrist pulling it away from her and up above my head, leaving me helpless and completely open to her. 

A few second later and both my hands were effectively restrained above my head. A brief tug confirmed that I was completely at my girlfriend's mercy. 

"Raise your head" she commanded sensually rubbing her hand up the inside of my thigh, stopping just short of my crotch, before tracing her fingernails across the bottom of my stomach just above my belt.

I took in a deep shuddering breath as she teased me and obliged her orders, raising my head off the pillow. 

She reached above my head once more and produced a third silk scarf, folded over to make it thicker than the other two. As expected she brought it across my eyes blinding me. I closed my eyes and waited a second as she tied the blindfold behind my head, and then lowered it onto the pillow. 

By now despite the minimal touching I was sporting a raging erection striving to escape my jeans. I felt my girlfriend move off my chest and place herself down beside me. 

Blinded and restrained I took in a deep breath as she traced her fingers down my chest from my neck, stopping only to tweak one of my nipples all the way down to my belt. 

I felt the familiar pressure and heard the clink of metal as she undid the buckle and loosened my trousers before lifting my arse up and yanking my trousers down, leaving me almost naked, completely open to her teasing and torturing, and unable to see what she had planned next. 

The thoughts were driving me wild so I barely noticed the sound of the door clicking closed, more intent on the feeling of her finger nails tracing a line along my hip bones towards my groin.

I felt the bed shift as she slid a finger under the waistband of my boxers, pulling it up and over my rigid cock. I gasped as I felt what I thought to be her breath on the tip of it. 

Assuming she'd just changed positions I pushed my hips upwards towards her mouth only to be rejected. I felt her hands firmly pressing my hips down again, but then they traced down between my thighs, pushing them apart and up. 

Her fingernails traced lines of pleasure down between my thighs, towards my knees and back up, one hand briefly caressing my balls before moving them aside and stroking down towards my now spread cheeks and between them. 

Once more I let out a gasp of pleasure as her finger brushed against my puckered hole. 

Her finger traced it's way back up, to the base of my balls. She cupped them and slid her hand up against the base of my penis, running it up to the tip and down, grasping it lightly on the way down. 

I arched my back and thrust my hips up in frustrated ecstasy, eager for more, yet worried what punishment I might receive for trying to take control from my bound and blinded position of vulnerability. 

Unusually she decided not to revert to teasing, but slid her hand up and down my cock faster. I moaned with the pleasure and relaxed my hips, letting them back down so I lay flat on the bed. 

My moan was cut short as I felt lips pressed against the head of my cock, I drew in a breath of shock and anticipation, which was followed by a second moan as the lips parts slowly and slid down my cock, swallowing the first quarter or so. 

"Don't stop" I muttered, adding on a hasty

"please" I knew my place in this game... completely at her mercy... a little begging wouldn't go amiss, but without meaning to I inched my hips up a little, sliding more of my rigid cock between those lips. 

Once more I felt her hands on my hips, pressing me slowly back down, but the lips followed down, further, up to half way before pulling back up, sucking. It seemed rougher than I remembered... different somehow. Perhaps it was in the tongue which caressed the underside of my cock as the lips slid up and down. 

An involuntary moan of pleasure escaped my lips, I could feel the pleasure heightening, a tension growing in my balls as I came closer to coming. The pleasure was too much, and as I felt her fingers grip and twist both my nipples I thrust my hips up into the mouth around my cock, pulling down, and thrusting again. 

I was delirious with the pleasure... but it was about to get better. 

One of the fingers left my nipple and I heard a cap being taken off a tube and the familiar sound of lube being squeezed from the tube, followed by the cool feeling of a lubed finger caressing between my cheeks, stroking the outside of my eagerly waiting hole. I pushed my arse down, trying to get her to slide her finger inside me.

I groaned even louder as I felt her cool lubed finger penetrate me, the feeling of her toying my asshole and what I thought was her lips wrapped around my cock was beyond description, it was pure heaven. 

"Oh god" I muttered deliriously. 

She began to finger fuck me in earnest, sliding first one finger in and out, deep and faster, occasionally crooking it, and stroking my insides. 

My moans were almost uninterrupted as she slid a second finger inside. 

"Oh god... oh god" I gasped, the pleasure was almost too much, I felt the pressure building in my balls, I wouldn't be able to hold for much longer. 

"Please" I gasped, loosing what I meant to say in a moan of pleasure.

"Wait... " 

Her fingers slid out of my hole and I felt the bed shift... my mind was far too focused on pleasure to notice that the mouth eagerly pleasuring me hadn't moved. And any possible doubt was pushed aside when I felt her place her legs on either side of my neck. 

I strained upwards, hoping to get a taste of her pussy, my hands were tied, but even so I was pretty sure I'd be able to please her with my lips and tongue. 

She had been wearing trousers which she'd obviously removed as all I could feel was bare flesh. I kissed where I'd found, and moved upwards, kissing, trying to find her pussy with touch alone. 

Finally I felt the touch of her pubic hair on my lips and knew I was close. 

But my search was at an end, she pressed herself down, pushing her clit up against my lips. 

I kissed again before licking it up and down, drawing it into my mouth briefly before sliding my tongue across it. 

The taste was amazing... and all the while I could feel what I still thought was her sucking hard on my cock. 

But then it hit me... she was straddling my face, facing me... there was no way she could possibly be sucking me and above my face. 

I stopped toying with her clit with my tongue for a second in confusion, but I was enjoying myself too much my now and pushed my head up and continued tonguing her clit with renewed vigor. 

I could feel her rocking back and forth with pleasure, grinding her clit into my mouth, making me suck it and tongue it harder. 

The sound of her gasps and whimpers of bliss driving me even madder with passion. 

She slipped forwards and instantly I dove into her pussy with my tongue, ramming it in as deep as possible, licking and trying to tongue her as much as possible, occasionally moving my mouth to draw her clit into my mouth again. 

All the while the mystery third party was seeing to my cock. As I began to go wild sucking her clit and tonguing her pussy I felt whoever it was pull their mouth away and a large hand clasped my cock in it's firm grasp. 

I felt the hand stroking me, gripping hard and sliding up and down harder and faster as time went on. 

"Oh god... yes!" I gasped muffled by my girlfriend's pussy. 

Suddenly I felt the hand stop, just as I felt I was reaching the point of no return. 

"My turn now" I heard a voice, unmistakably male, but unfamiliar.

I stopped tonguing my girlfriend's pussy for a second, unsure what was going on but still incredibly aroused. 

There was a brief pause, and then I felt hands untying my wrists, setting them free. 

As I came loose she moved, from straddling me to sitting beside me from what I could hear. 

" On the floor and kneel" the male voice commanded, and I followed the orders eagerly. I had an idea of what was coming, and despite a feeling of reservation deep down I was too aroused to care.

With a slight struggle not helped by the blindfold I found my way to the floor and sank to my knees in front of this stranger. 

I reached out tentatively and found my hands were caressing legs, still clad in jeans, I slid up, searching, exploring... but still unsure what to do next. 

Luckily the stranger knew exactly what he wanted, and I heard the sound of a belt coming loose and a zip being pulled down. 

I eagerly pulled the trousers down, letting them fall loose around the stranger's ankles. 

My hands explored up this stranger's thighs again, finding them muscled and haired. Nervously I found the man's boxers and stroked his hard cock through the fabric. It was the first time I'd ever felt another man's cock, and the thought exited me, my mind was racing, but there was something I was eager to do. Less hesitantly than before I freed his raging erection from his boxers and let them drop to the floor as well. I stroked his magnificent cock, up and down, feeling it. It was slightly larger than mine, and uncut. I stroked it with one hand, pushing back the foreskin, whilst my other hand began to caress his balls.

Nervously I leant forwards, and licked the end, hoping that I was doing the right thing. 

Almost straight away I felt strong hands on the back of my head forcing my head closer to the end of his cock, I opened my mouth and wrapped my lips around the tip, sucking slightly and playing with my tongue along the underside. 

The stranger pushed harder and forced my head down onto his cock, thrusting it deep into my throat, I gagged and it hit the back of my throat and pulled back a little, but he thrust again, and again. Face fucking me; using me like a slut. 

I was there to pleasure him, and if he wanted to face fuck me he could. 

The feeling of being used exited me and I went for it, fondling his balls with one hand and stroking his cock with the other whilst I bobbed my head up and down, trying to get as much of it into my mouth as possible. 

Almost simultaneously I heard the sound of a vibrator being turned on behind me, and the stranger started groaning as my blowjob seemed to be having the desired effect. 

For a brief second I wondered what the vibrator was, and then it dawned on me, my girlfriend was watching me being used by this stranger, blindfolded and completely submissive. A slut for this stranger to use and abuse as he liked. 

She began to moan and whimper as she pleasured herself, and all the while I grew more and more aroused. 

The stranger pulled my hand off his dick and grabbed the back of my head once more. 

"Fuck... yes" he muttered as he began to really thrust his cock in and out of my eager mouth. 

I tried my hardest to swallow it all, but once more started to gag as it hit the back of my throat, even so I continued to suck and lick the underside of his thick cock with my tongue. 

"Oh god... fuck yes" he gasped, thrusting harder and harder, and then he stopped and pulled out. 

I made to move forwards, eager to continue sucking him, eager to taste his cum, but he obviously had other ideas. 

His firm hands twisted me so that I was facing the bed once more, and he guided me so that I was leaning over the bed, arse up in the air, nervous but quivering with anticipation. 

"Spread your legs" he commanded, and so I obeyed. 

"Please..." I whispered fully aware of what I was in for now.

"Be gentle" knowing how pathetic it sounded. 

I heard the sound of yet more lube being squirted out of the tube, onto his fingers to warm me up.

He knelt behind me and spread my cheeks, exposing my virgin arsehole. 

Carefully but forcefully he slid a finger inside and began to work it in and out, content with that he slid a second in shortly after, thrusting harder and faster now. 

I groaned with the pleasure as he finger fucked me in preparation. 

A third finger followed and I winced slightly, whilst my girlfriend had used that many before; his fingers were thicker and larger... but even so despite the pain the feeling was incredible. I tried to relax even more in anticipation of what was to come. 

"Oh... please... fuck me" I begged fully playing to the role of this stranger's slut. 

I was his to use, and I knew he wanted to plow into my virgin arse, I thrust backwards onto his three fingers driving them deeper inside me. 

After a few seconds he withdrew his fingers and I felt his move away, standing up behind me, looking at my bare arse, ready for him to fuck.

Then he was close behind me, his cock in his hands, and the other spreading my cheeks. 

He pressed his thick hard cock against my virgin opening and pushed. The head pressed against my puckered hole and then in a split second of pain eased in. 

I gasped, partly with pain, and partly with pleasure. 

Gently and carefully he pushed further in before pulling back, I drew in a deep breath and made sure not to tighten my muscles... not yet. 

He pushed again, filling me deeper, and once more pulled out. 

The third time he pushed all the way in, I could feel his pubic hair nestling against me as he slid his cock all the way into my lubed up, no longer virgin arse. 

His hands held my hips and he slid out again, faster this time, and thrust in deep once more, gentle still, not ravaging me, but still fucking me deep and hard. I was his to use as he pleased... some slut to be fucked. 

I groaned with pleasure at the feeling of him inside me and the thought, all the while my girlfriend was obviously furiously toying with herself, her gasps, whimpers and moans were a constant background noise. 

The stranger began to pump faster and faster, and I gradually got used to the feeling and pushed against him, urging him to fuck me deeper and harder. I was his to use, and he should use me hard. 

He gasped with pleasure as he plunged deep into my tight hole, again and again. 

His gasps were getting louder and closer together interspersed by barely comprehensible moaned cries of pleasure. His hands still held my hips and pulled me into him every time he thrust in and pushed me away every time he pulled almost out. 

My cock was rigid and I slid a hand down to stroke it as he fucked my arse hard.

"Wait" I heard my girlfriend's voice as I began to stroke harder as the stranger ploughed into my arse. 

"I want you to fuck me..." she gasped as she toyed with herself. 

The stranger slowed to a halt for a second and pulled my torso up allowing my girlfriend to re-arrange herself under me. Her hands slid a condom over my rigid cock and pulled me into her sopping wet pussy. 

"Fuck me" she gasped pulling me deep into her. 

So I pushed in, crying out at the incredible feeling of her and the stranger inside me. 

He began fucking me harder again, pushing me in and out of her. 

In unison we began to moan and gasp. 

The stranger started going even faster than I thought was possible, shallower but faster, whilst I plunged deep inside her. 

I could feel the familiar tension of an orgasm building in my balls, boiling up, almost ready to spill out. 

But my girlfriend came first, she screamed with pleasure and arched her back. I felt her pussy clench around my cock which sent me over the edge. I tensed up as I came, spurts of cum exploding out of my cock, and waves of pleasure washing over me more intense than anything I'd ever felt before. 

And then the stranger came, his cock convulsed deep inside me and I felt it twitch as he came. He thrust in deep one last time as he gushed semen. 

Almost delirious with ecstasy I had to fight to stop myself from collapsing straight onto my girlfriend. 

Carefully I pulled myself out of her, and waited for the stranger to pull himself out of me. 

Once free I flopped down onto the bed, and felt the arms of my girlfriend embrace me. 

"Can I take the blindfold off now?" I muttered exhausted and content.