 Sweet Seduction

"Oh yeah, fuck me harder, baby" Darcie moaned out as her boyfriend gradually increased the speed of his pelvic thrusting into her. Heather embraced and caressed Darcie's enormous knockers and sucked on her sensitive nipples with delight. Darcie's pleasure heightened even more as she felt Heather's massive titties pressing against hers. "Oh fuck! Baby, I love you!"

Darcie's man said nothing and continued to ram his girlfriend's snatch and enjoyed the sight of her best friend worshipping her newly formed mammoth jugs. Heather circled her finger around Darcie's puffy areola and gently pinched her nipple. Darc yelped in pleasure as a gusher of an orgasm ripped through her body. The brunette slowly rolled off of her lover and lay on her back panting. Heather quickly capitalized on the man's very wet rod and suckled every last drop of lust juices that were left over.

"Goddamn, I'm going to cum again," the blonde man moaned. Heather brought her titties up to his cock and buried it in her valley. The male organ disappeared and reappeared as she writhed up and down. The hotness between her giant tits made her even hornier. Darcie caught sight of her boyfriend and best friend playing again and involuntarily started to rub her soft, puffy nipples. Her titties were so hard from this lustful excitement! Just as Heather started to bring her head down to fellate the head of the penis between her bountiful breasts, Darcie interrupted and leaned over to give her friend another full and passionate kiss. Then, both girls eagerly gobbled the pink shaft in front of them. They moved their positions around to lie on either side of the man and continued to please his genitalia and play with their tits at the same time. Both girls had their hands on the other's humongous breasts while they sucked away at Darcie's boyfriend's cock.

Soon, Heather started moaning harder and louder on the man's shaft. Then, both Darcie and her man could feel the release inside the redhead and knew she had come. Of course, the redhead's vibratory mouth set the blonde man off and he quickly pumped his dick once she pulled away. Darcie was left playing with her own tits once Heather rolled away from the action. The blonde dude aimed his dick hole right at Darcie's face and fired away onto her face. The white jism slapped onto her cheek and rolled down by her lips. The brunette hottie licked her lips to catch her true love's sweet taste. The sight of her boyfriend cumming always turned her on and she knew she could get another orgasm in to satisfy her need. Quickly, she brought her fingers down to her quim prodded furiously while her boyfriend reached down and kneaded her giant bosom. Darcie's body quaked from the pleasurable sensations that whipped from her clit to each end of her body. All three lovers lay strung out on the bed, stirring in their own passions.

After a few minutes, the redhead quickly came to and crawled over the spent couple. She looked at both of her lovers with spirited anticipation. "You two want some more?" She lowered her hand down to the rubbery penis near her leg and started to stroke it.

"Whoa! Wait a minute!" The blonde guy shooed her nubile fingers from his manhood. "Let me work my stamina back up. There's just so much for me to digest out of all of this in the first place. I mean, I come home and see you two making out..." Darcie rolled over to listen. "Yeah, so what's the problem? You've told me before you think Heather's very sexy and would like to see us make out..."

"I'm not saying it's a problem, dear. Not at all. I'm just saying with both of your tits getting bigger with this being our first threesome and this amazing fucking sex and pleasure I've just had, I'd like to rest for a while and take it all in."

Heather rolled in between the couple. Her big pale, white tits were bouncing the whole time. "Isn't it typical that men can't hold a candle to us, Darc?"

"Who stopped sucking my dick first, Heather!?" The blonde guy seemed quite irritated.

She turned around and slapped his arm. "I was just teasing! Can't you take a joke?" Both Darcie and her redheaded friend giggled at her boyfriend's pissy reaction.

"Honestly, maybe you two ought to put some clothes on and see if you can make an appointment with the doctor. If there's something that's going to go wrong with you two, I want to know as soon as possible. I'm not just saying that because my girlfriend took your pills, but because I don't want anything to happen to one of my friends."

"Bullshit," Darcie sarcastically chided in response to her lover. "You don't want anything to happen to us because you want another threesome."

The dude feigned being hurt and playfully replied sheepishly "is that so wrong?"

Darcie turned her attention to her friend. "He is right, you know. Can you give your doctor a call or something?"

"I guess," Heather sounded a bit irritated and then smile and gave Darcie a peck on the lips. She got up from the bed and scampered for the doorway. Turning around, she brought her hands up to cup her big titties and shook them at the couple on the bed. "I'll be on my phone. This should only take a sec." Then, she was off.

The brunette fox leaned over to her lover and pat his dick and balls. "Good penis," she cooed to him. The two locked their lips lingeringly and swallowed each others tongues. "Is the penis happy now?"

"Very much so, honey." The blonde guy's hands involuntarily crept up to Darcie's boobs and began teasing her giant nipples.

"Hey, you stop that!" Darcie pulled herself away from her man and brought herself to him again with a smile. "I'm just hoping that this isn't going to cause any problems for us. Heather and I were joking about suing her doctor if it was to have some sort of side effect on us, but I honestly don't want something like that to happen. I'd hate for this to fuck me up for the rest of life."

"Then why'd you take those pills, baby?" The man stared at Darcie's tits while she answered.

"I did it for you..."

"Hun, you don't need to take drugs or enhancements to impress me. You know that: especially if it's something that's going to be harmful to you."

"I know, but don't you like it?"

"Yes baby, I do, but I don't want you to risk your health just to..."

Heather appeared suddenly at the door with her cell phone pressed against her shoulder. "Darcie, my doctor said she wants to see us as soon as possible! She's cancelled all of her other appointments just to see us. You want to go right now?"

Darcie's boyfriend interjected before she could contemplate her answer. "Yes, do it now!"

The look her lover gave her was all Darcie needed to know that he was dead serious. She hopped off the bed, her huge breasts jiggling and walked towards Heather. "Yeah, let's find some clothes and get up there."

"Great, we can take my car," Heather squeaked. She brought her cell phone back up to her ear. "Dr. Smothers? Yes. Give us a minute and we'll be right over. Thanks." She closed her cell phone and stepped aside so Darcie could get past her. Their bare breasts roughly mashed against each other in the doorway. Darcie got weak at the knees once she got past her friend. Instinctively, she cupped her mams and moaned.

"Shit! They're so damn sensitive!"

Heather leaned her back against the door jamb and tweaked her nipples. "I know, but we need to get around if we're going to make our appointment. She might've cancelled everything, but I'd hate to keep her waiting after all of this. Oh! And Darcie..."

"What's up, Heather?"

"Dr. Smothers also said we need to bring some of that fudge with us so she can analyze it or something."

"Well, she's not getting all of it; if that's what you're implying!" The brunette seemed somewhat shocked at the request. "We've still got quite a bit of this candy, and I honestly don't feel like giving it up like that. Come on, let's check out the dirty laundry and see what we can find."

Both girls were followed by Darcie's man to the laundry room where they proceeded to sift through all the garments ready for some washing. Upon noticing their peeping Tom, Heather and Darcie just stared at him, not moving.

"What? Can't I watch? I've already seen you two without your clothes. What's the problem with me watching you get into them?"

The girls looked at each other and giggled.

"You know, he does have a point," Darcie said as she fished out a sweater she had worn last week when the spring-like weather got downright chilly. "Here Heather," Darcie tossed her top to her friend. "This might cover up those milkers of yours!"

"HAR, HAR! Very funny. I'm sure anything of yours would work for me, but what're you going to do?" The redhead began pulling the green sweater over her head.

"Oh, I'll probably find something of his. He wears at least one size bigger than me in his t-shirts. I might try for that or something."

"Uh, Darcie? I have a feeling this isn't going to work." Darcie looked up from the hamper filled with dirty laundry to see her girlfriend facing her boyfriend. From the back, the sweater seemed to hang just above her white, pert ass. Then, Heather turned around to show Darcie how her huge tits poked out about an inch below the hem of the green garment. Also, her man was stroking himself to a new hardness.

"It works for me," he said.

"All right, you two!" Darcie closed the hamper. "Heather, go ahead and take it off. Honey, do you have any clean t-shirts for Heather? I don't want her to stink like you do after you work out."

The blonde guy stopped looking at the redhead's ass and focused on his girlfriend. "Fine, just ruin my fun. Don't let me beat off to your best friend."

"Will you just go fucking check? Besides, I'm your girlfriend."

"Fine. Fine. And it's not like I get to see her naked on a regular basis. That'd actually be more like NEVER!" A wad of dirty shirts hit him in the face. "Okay! I'm going! Goddamn!" He ran away naked to the bedroom. Heather laughed and watched his ass jiggle while her sped away.

"Sweetie, do I detect a hint of jealousy," Heather asked while handing Darcie back her sweater. "It's nothing you need to really worry about."

"Well, you just wait until you have a boyfriend who you love more than anything and see how much you want to share him with someone else. It's almost like he's falling in love with you and not even more with me." The brunette violently crammed the clothes back into the hamper. Heather gently placed her hand on Darcie's naked shoulder.

"Look Darc, I'll admit that he's not bad looking and I wouldn't kick him out of bed, but he's yours. Okay? Even if he did fall for me, I probably wouldn't allow him to dump you like a schmuck. I mean, think of this as a live action porno mag. Does he fuck his porno magazines?"

Darcie reluctantly smiled. "No, he just masturbates to them."

"Right, and that's what he was doing with me. I honestly didn't provoke him. He's just acting like a kid with a brand new toy. Chances are he'll get tired of it and go back to what keeps him coming back for more. That's you."

"Yeah, I guess you're right. It's kinda strange how you referred to me as an object."

"Hey, don't all men think of women like that," the redhead chuckled.

"Not mine and not with me, but I see where you're going with it." Suddenly, Darcie's boyfriend popped into the laundry room with two black t-shirts.

"Okay, how about both of our Nine Inch Nails shirts? If they can be shrunk, I doubt it's happened yet."

"It's worth a shot," said Darcie.

"Just be careful not to stretch them out or anything." Darcie's man stood there and watched the girls pull the black t-shirts over their heads and proceed to roll the hems down over their chests. Both girls began to pull the shirts to stretch the fabric over their gargantuan mams.

"Hold on Heather," Darcie ejaculated. "I don't think these are going to work. Honey, are these the biggest t-shirts we have?"

Darcie's boyfriend stood in the doorway, mouth agape at what he'd seen. His largest t-shirts could not even come close to covering their enormous jugs. "Um... I... Uh... That's it, hun."

The redhead pulled her shirt over her head and flopped it down on the washing machine. "Fuck! How're we supposed to go out? Huh? This sucks! If we try to wear our clothes, they'll be ruined and we don't have enough time to send him out to get some fabric to make some shirts or anything. What the fuck are we going to do?"

All three of them stood in the laundry room looking at each other. Darcie's man was noticeably staring at both girls' large tits. Suddenly, Darcie had an epiphany.

"I've got an idea. Baby, move aside so I can get through without getting so damned aroused. I need to get to the coat closet."

Her boyfriend moved as Darcie made her way into the hall towards the coat closet.

"Babe, what do you need in the coat closet?"

Darcie came back as an almost nonverbal answer to her boyfriend's question, holding their matching black leather jackets. She handed one to Heather. "I swear, if these don't fit, we're going to have to send him to shop for some new clothes. I can only begin to imagine the bullshit he'll go through while shopping around in the women's department by himself."

"Good idea, honey," Darcie's man said happily. The two lovers turned to their friend who had already buttoned hers up as far as it would go.

"It's too bad these jackets only have three buttons, but I guess three is better than none." Heather turned to view herself in the mirror. "Damn, that's quite a bit of cleavage! It barely even... I'm sure my areolas are hardly covered."

"Wow, I'm surprised mine even fits me anymore, but it's pretty tight," Darcie exclaimed. The brunette looked down to examine her olive skinned mammaries spilling out of the open top of the jacket. "You're right though. It sucks that they only have three buttons on these jackets." There was a flash of movement that caught Darcie's eye. She turned to her boyfriend and noticed him slowly stroking his dick again. Her pussy instantly became wet at the sight of her lover jacking his meat to her voluptuous cleavage. Just then, Darcie had a thought and brought her hand up underneath her man's chin to get his attention.

"Look baby," Darcie said seriously. "Heather and I are going to find some pants to wear, but I think it's better for you to stay home while we visit the doctor."

"Wha... Why!?"

"I think she's right," Heather interrupted. "Think about it, you're probably not going to be able to go into the examination room with us and you'll be stuck out in the waiting room..."

"...With a hard penis that you won't be able to control," Darcie added. It's probably for the best that you stay here and take of your hard-on than cause a scene at the doctor's office. Besides, do you want to get arrested for indecency?"

The blonde guy looked downtrodden. Then, he looked up at his girlfriend. She returned a delightful smile to him.

"Okay, I guess you girls are right. Besides, I can just imagine all the trouble you two will probably get into. Chances are I don't need to be adding to the mix. Besides, I can watch the part in "Embrace of the Vampire" where Alyssa Milano gets naked." Both girls let out a giggle in response.

"Come on, Heather. Let's finish getting dressed." With that, Darcie and Heather were on their way to the bedroom, their leather jackets barely being able to contain their newly grown breasts.

It didn't take long for both girls to find some of Darcie's shorts that would fit both of them and put on their shoes. Heather and Darcie both found it awkward to bend over and do conventional things like getting dressed or putting on their shoes with their new behemoth titties constantly getting in the way. The more their goliath jugs were forced and squashed into their knees and tummies, the girls seemed to get just a little bit more aroused. After getting dressed, they headed towards Heather's car. Upon getting inside, both girls had a bit of a struggle getting their seat belts across their chests. After a few minutes of pulling, they both finally got their belts down to the catch near their hips.

"Christ Almighty Wonder, this is almost becoming more of a pain than anything," Darcie exclaimed.

"Yeah, I know," Heather replied. "Um, is it just me or... Well, does your jacket feel a bit tighter?"

It took Darcie a moment to let the thought sink in, but she paid attention to breathing and how her breasts were reacting to it. "Um, I don't know. It's probably just..." Then, the brunette looked down at her overly ample cleavage. "Holy shit!"

"What!?" Heather turned to her friend just as she started her car and saw her staring at her enormous hooters. The redhead began to see what had startled her friend.

"Um... Heather, I have a feeling we're still growing. My areolas are starting to poke around the collar. Oh shit. We're getting bigger!"

Heather looked down at her own boobs. To her surprise, her rosy teat and pale areola were peeking around the black leather. "Shit, we've got to get to the doctor's office and fast! Hang on, Darc!"

Heather peeled her car out of the driveway and hauled ass to her doctor's office. What normally was a fifteen minute drive took the girls five minutes to reach their destination. As the car pulled to a stop, Darcie let out a sigh of relief. "Damn, we're lucky we didn't run into any cops."

The redhead unfastened her seat belt and proceeded to get out. "Come on, sweetie. Do you honestly think we'd get a ticket with our tits hanging out like this?"

Darcie pondered the thought for a moment. "You've got a point," she answered. Jokingly, she jutted her tits out towards Heather and cupped what she could under her boobs and said huskily, "what seems to be the trouble, officer?" Just then, more of her breasts were exposed. The black leather jacket hung open except for the bottom two buttons holding it closed. "Oh fuck! The top button came undone!"

"Well, button it back up and let's get in," Heather yelled.

"I can't do that! I'm sure I'd pop the button off, and I'm not going to do that with this jacket. Come on; let's get in before our boobs get any bigger!" Both girls hurriedly made their way into the building. Fortunately for them, the building was only one floor. Unfortunately, there were a slew of angry patients who had their appointments cancelled or moved because of Darcie and Heather. The girls stood in the back of the line with a bunch of old women who were probably there to take advantage of their Medicare, Medicaid, or whatever government plan they were on that kept them alive through their "golden" years.

"Shit, how can we get in to see her if we've got to wait for all of these people?" Darcie stood behind Heather trying to hide herself from the prying eyes of all the old people around her while Heather crossed her arms to conceal her swelling breasts. The girls thought they were in store for a load of embarrassment until a very young, slim black haired nurse came up from behind Darcie and tapped her shoulder. Darcie almost shrank away from the touch, but slowly turned her head in response.

"I think you two had better come with me," the nurse softly said to the two busty goddesses.

Heather followed the nurse and Darcie followed Heather. Darcie couldn't help but notice all the very irate looks she and her friend received from the geriatrics waiting in line to reschedule their appointments or just to chew out the overworked staff. Before she knew it, the hallway door was shut and her view of the upset patients was blocked by a varnished wood grain. Darcie turned her head to see a taller brunette woman in her late thirties wearing a stylish business suit. The woman extended her hand to Darcie as a friendly gesture.

"Hi, I'm Joyce Smothers. I'm Heather's physician." Dr. Smothers' hand was grasped by Darcie's obviously smaller one. The embrace was quickly broken as the doctor politely asked the nurse to assist the rest of her staff with rescheduling her other appointments. "Please ladies, follow me." The friendly doctor walked towards her spacious office with Heather and Darcie in tow.
