 My wife Denise and I have always been a little on the wild side. We have had numerous threesomes prior to this one, both with other males and females. We have a great little gal that we meet up with on occasions and have a great time. Some of those stories can be read entitled "Back to School". This encounter however occured at the end of May during a short weekend get-a-way that my wife and I had.

We drove down to a small trout fishing town in Missouri where one of our mutual friends' live. He was in college with us but moved away after graduating. Later he got married and after 7 years he recently just got a divorce. Stan is about 6'2", black hair and blue eyes. He keeps himself in excellent shape especially after his divorce. Before Denise and I started dating, her and Stan had went out once or twice and had even had sex once after getting loaded at the bar. Denise and I had talked several times about her time with Stan. Denise had said that Stan was "pretty big". When I asked how big she thought he was she said she didn't actually know but said that she couldn't get her fingers around his cock. She said she would compare it to a long neck bottle of beer, about the same length and circumference.

Stan said that we could stay at his house while we were down there. We got down there late Thursday night and were planning to stay until Sunday. Stan had to work on Friday which was fine because Denise and I were planning on going fishing all day at Roaring River. Denise and I had previously discussed what we would do if things started to become "hot" while we were there. Both of us agreed that a little fun might be in order since Stan was recently divorced and it had been awhile since we had had some adult fun of our own. 

When we arrived late Thursday night, Stan greeted us at the door, shook my hand and gave Denise a big hug and kiss on the cheek. Of course Denise responded with a big hug of her own and I noticed that when they broke their hug that her hand drifted down Stan's back and lightly across his ass. We unloaded the car and then sat around for awhile shooting-the-shit until Stan said he had a meeting in the morning and needed to get the bed. Denise and I headed for the guest room and took a quick shower and jumped into bed because we too had to get up early so that we could get a good spot in the morning. Before going to sleep however we had a quick make-out session where I ended up eating her pussy until she was screaming into the pillow. We drifted off to sleep to get energy for the next day.

Stan was still asleep when we left the house at 5:30. After catching our limit by 10:30 we headed back to Stan's place, cleaned the fish and headed into town to have some lunch and shop a little. After lunch, we shopped and picked up some liquor, snacks, steaks and other needed items. Stan called about 3 and said that he was planning on leaving the office between 5:00-5:15 and that would put him home about 6 or so. We told Stan that would be great and to expect supper fixed when he arrived.

When Stan arrived we had a stiff drink fixed for him. He jumped in the shower as we finished fixing dinner. Since it was a beautiful evening, we decided to eat on the patio. Denise was dressed in casual pair of khaki shorts and a loose fitting top with no bra, which when she bent over revealed a large portion of her breasts. The meal was great as was the conversation. It had been a long time since we had talked to Stan in detail about what had been going on in our lives and the such. Stan explained his divorce to us and told us about his new job that he had taken following the divorce. It was lesser paying job but one that made him much more happier and had better benefits. As we chatted we continued to eat and have more and more drinks. By the end of the meal all of us were on our way to a pretty good buzz. All throughout the meal I watched Stan catching glimpses of Denise's skin that she was showing. We cleaned up a little then decided to walk down to the local club and have some more drinks.

When we got there is was still pretty early so the crowd had yet to grow. We started to play pool which really was alot of fun. It was just like being back in college again. Denise was really starting to loosen up. She seemed not to care at all that when she bent over that you could see all the way down her top and see in full view her breasts. After several rounds of beers the bar was beginning to fill up and people were starting to head for the dance floor. At 9 o'clock the DJ kicked in and the dancing really started. 

I ushered Denise to the dance floor as Stan went and got another round of drinks. Denise and I did some half-way dirty dancing, butt-to-groin rubbing and all that stuff. On the dance floor she said she was getting pretty lit and was horny as hell. She said that I was in for a wild evening and too be ready for a hell of a time. We finished our dance and headed back to where Stan was waiting for us. Stan said he needed to take a piss and I told Denise that we would be right back. Once in the bathroom, Stan and I each took a urinal and started our business. Remembering what Denise had told me once about Stan being "pretty big" I had to curb my curiosity and glanced over. She was right, he was pretty big. His cock hanging there limp was probably about 5-6 inches long and thick all the way down his shaft. I found myself taking too long of a look and when my eyes went up Stan was looking at me. He just smiled and shook his cock while glancing down at my cock. I immediately apologized to Stan for staring and explained the story to him. He said it was not a problem at all and said that he sometimes too glances around and checks out other people.

Back at our table, Denise was waiting for us and said she was beginning to wonder if we had fallen in or something. We explained our story to her about what had happened in the bathroom. She just giggled and gave us a smile. At that point Stan asked if he could dance with Denise. I said to go have fun and not worry next time about asking me if you can dance with her. They made there way down to the dance floor and from our seats which were above the sunken dance floor I could clearly see them while they danced. At first they started dancing just casual and you could see them conversing as they danced. 

After a while they really started getting into it. Denise turned around and started rubbing her ass into Stan. Stan pulled Denise close to him and I watched as his fingers grazed her breasts and his lips went to her neck. Her neck is so sensitive that I knew this was driving her nuts. This continued for a couple minutes and then Denise turned around and started dancing super close to Stan. You could see them grinding together and as the song shifted into lower gear Stan put his arms around her and they started kissing. Denise put her arms around him as well and then let one of them fall between their bodies. I could plainly see Denise casually rubbing her hand up and down the outline of Stan's cock in his pants. After the song was over they came back to the table and I told them what a show they had put on. They both blushed and Stan thanked us for taking him out and letting him release some of his pent up energy from his divorce.

We continued taking turns dancing with Denise and at one point we even got her to dance sensually with another girl that was there. I guess it was about 11:30 or so when we decided to hit the side walk and half-heartedly stumble back to Stan's place. We all held hands on the way home with Denise in the middle. It was a great walk and one that kinda sobered us up a little. We joked and laughed all the way, making little comments about what other people must have thought when they saw Denise making out with both Stan and I on the dance floor. Finally we arrived home and made it into the house.

Once inside, we fixed some drinks and turned on some music. Stan suggested that we play some strip poker to keep the party moving. Denise and I both agreed. After several rounds, all of us had lost at some point and were down to our underwear. Denise finally had to take off her bra and said she was about done with the game. Then we decided to let the winner choose what the loser had to do. Stan happened to win first and told Denise to come and stand between he and I and let us only use our mouths on her nipples for 2 minutes. She was over faster than a flash and Stan and I devoured her for 2 minutes. Each of us sucking and licking her nipples until they were hard enough to cut glass. 

I won the next round and chose for Stan to give Denise a lap dance. The rules were that Denise had to keep her hands behind her back and that no clothing could be removed. Stan walked over to Denise and started off by kneeling down and licking her feet and toes. From there he moved up her legs and ran his tongue up her thighs and over her panties. You could see him kissing her crotch covered panties and soaking them with his saliva. From there he moved up her body and kissed up her chest and around her neck. By now, Denise was in 7th Heaven. He continued up until he was stradding her body and was grinding himself into her chest and face. You could see the huge buldge and the outline of his cock. He started to really grind his crotch in her face and then all of a sudden you could hear slurping sounds. 

When time was up, Stan turned around and I could see why there was slurping sounds. His cock and popped out the top of his underwear and was pressed next to his body up to the top of his belly button. It was shining with wetness and when I looked at Denise, her mouth too was dripping wet from her saliva. We all laughed and said no rules had been broken because no clothing had been removed. Since Denise had not won a hand for a long time we conceded to her and told her that she gets to choose what to do next. She said that she dared us to all take a shower together and get the smoke from the bar off of us and to help keep revived. So, off to the shower we went.

Denise and I were the first one's in. Stan wanted to make sure the doors were locked and the exterior lights were on. While we waited Denise and I passionately kissed and fondled one another. After a minute or two Stan pulled the curtain back and jumped in with us. Stan had an extra big shower with shower heads at both ends so we were not cramped at all. As Denise started kissing and rubbing both our bodies Stan announced he needed to take a piss. He started to get out when Denise grabbed him and told him not to go. With that she dropped to her knees and told him to do it on her. It took him a while to relax and let it flow, but eventually he started pissing on her chest. We had drank alot of beer, so there was alot of piss. I too felt the need to relieve myself and let loose with my own stream. Denise had her head back and held onto our cocks so they shot all over her chest and down her stomach. When each of us was done Denise sucked the remaining piss from our cocks and stood up. 

Stan and I then decided to soap Denise. He did the front while I did the back. Once she was soaped-up we smashed our bodies into her and moved them around. I stuck my cock between her legs from the back, not penetrating her but just between her thighs. I started to pump slowly between her thighs. In front of me, Stan and Denise were french kissing and when I reached around to play with her breasts, I found Stan's hands there already. As we played with her breasts, I contined to rub my cock between her thighs. I then felt something slide between my cock and Denise and hit me right below the belly button. I looked down and saw the huge, swollen head of Stan's cock sticking out the back of her thighs. Both Stan and I were sliding our cocks back and forth between her thighs. The abundant soap provided a smooth surface over which our cocks rubbed one another. I then put my cock on top of Stan's and contined on. Now instead of him poking in the belly, each time we stroked forward his cock would hit my balls. After about 5 minutes of this we decided we needed to finish showering and head somewhere a little more comfortable. Out of the shower we went and dried off as fast as we could and headed to the bedroom.

Once in the bedroom we resumed our activities. Denise layed back on the bed while Stan and I took our places on either side of her. Stan and I started kissing and licking up and down her body. We both sucked and licked on her breasts like two starving little kids. While we were attacking her breasts, we both had a hand massaging her pussy. We had a routine where one would rub her clit while the other sunk a finger into her. At one point, we both placed a finger into her at the same time. I worked my way back down between her legs while Stan worked his way up her body. I licked and sucked her pussy while stay remained with his lips moving between sucking on her nipples and kissing her neck and face. 

Denise was writhing with pleasure as we devoured her flesh. As she started moaning harder and deeper, I moved my focus to her clit. This started to really push her over the edge towards orgasm. Stan had moved up to a kneeling position and was feeding her his cock. My jaw was getting tired so I just started to finger her. Her pussy was so wet that I easily slid three fingers into her. I had a great view watching her suck his cock and lick his balls as I fingered her. Knowing my wife after all the years, I knew exactly what it would take to really get her off. I curled my fingers and started to stimulate her g-spot. Instead of hearing her moan on Stan's cock, I could now make out muffled "Oh fuck's" as she screamed towards orgasm. Stan had one hand on the back of her head and the other hand pulling on her nipples. You could see the saliva bubbles around her mouth as she continued to suck him. Her clit became too sensitive to play with so I moved up to the other side of her and put my dick by her mouth. She immediately gave it a few strokes and then started to suck it and stroke Stan at the Sam time. 

Our cock heads were centimeters away from each other when finally she opened up her mouth as wide as she could and tried to suck us both at the same time. She could only get the head's of our cocks in her mouth. By now she was jammed full of cock meat and continued to stroke us as she licked and juiced up our heads. She pulled her head back and started to jack us off with our cocks pointing at each other. They were so soaked with saliva that there was hardly any friction. She kept telling us to soak her face with our cum. When our cocks started to dry out she would put the back into her mouth and soak them down again. 

Stan was the first to lose it!!! He started saying he was going to cum and then his body shook a couple times and he exploded. However, he did not explode into her mouth or onto her face, he exploded all over me!!!! I watched as he cum flew out of his cock onto my stomach and all over my own cock. Using Stan's cum as lubrication, Denise stroked my cock a couple more times and then I exploded. I exploded all over Stan's cock just as he had done mine. Denise put our cocks as close to each other as she could and milked them with her hands. She then sat up and licked both of our cocks together until they were clean. After that episode we decided to take a break and refresh ourselves before the next round started.

We decided to have a drink and eat some snacks out on Stan's back patio. The air was cool outside and really woke us back up. Stan and I both had on a pair of boxers and Denise had just a t-shirt on. It became a little chilly after awhile so Stan went and got a blanket for us to wrap-up in while we sat in his glider. While Stan was gone, I asked Denise how she was doing and if she was having fun. She said that she was having a ball and said that she got really turned on when she licked my cum off of Stan's cock and licked Stan's cum off of my cock. When Stan came back out we were laughing about the incident and he asked us what was so funny so we had to fill him in on what Denise had thought about what had happened. He thought it was pretty freaky too but was so caught up in the moment that he didn't think anything about it.

We sat in the glider and snuggled under the blanket with Denise in the middle. Stan had also brought out some fruit to munch on while we shared the big drink that we had mixed earlier. Stan and I took turns feeding fruit to Denise while we chatted. We explained to Stan that this was not our first 3-some and told him about some of the things we had done. He really liked hearing about the times when Denise had been with another woman. As we talked, ate and drank, Denise kept her hands under the blanket and rubbed both of our cocks. With the talk of sex again, we became hot and horny once again and as soon as the drink was gone and got our buzz back we headed back inside.

Once in the bedroom we all layed down on the bed with Denise in the middle. Stan and I alternated kissing Denise. He would kiss for awhile and I would chew and nibble on her nipples and then we would switch. I slid off the bed and went down to Denise's feet and started sucking and licking her toes as Stan continued making out with her. I decided to just be an observer for awhile and pulled up a chair to the edge of the bed. I sat in the chair and put my feet on the edge of the bed with my legs spread.


Denise and Stan continued their kissing and and rubbing each other. Denise was laying on her back with her legs slightly spread. As Stan kissed her, he slid his hand down and massaged her pussy. He eventually started working his fingers in her. I was sitting on the side but toward the bottom of the bed so I had a front row seat at watching Stan finger my wife. Her pussy gets so wet when being fingered and soon I could see her juices soaking his fingers and running down the crack of her ass. He had two fingers plunging in and out of her and then took his little finger and started sliding it in and out of her ass as well. She was screaming that she was going to cum so I knew he was rubbing her g-spot. 

After her body quit shaking, she rolled Stan onto his back and kissed her way down to his flaccid cock. Denise put Stan's whole cock into her mouth and just started rolling his cock in her mouth. She attempted to keep all his cock in her mouth but soon his cock started to swell and she could not keep it all in her mouth. She was on her knees leaning over sucking his cock. As I watched Denise suck Stan I slowly rubbed my cock and balls. Almost the whole time while Denise sucked Stan she kept her eyes locked on my eyes. Denise grabbed Stan's cock like a baseball bat. She had one hand on top of the other and there was a couple inches sticking out of the top of her hands. She started to lick and suck the head of his cock while stroking the shaft with two hands. Soon Stan shifted position and slid under Denise's hips so that they could sixty-nine.

I watched as Denise continued to gobble Stan's cock and I even watched as she licked his nut sac and rolled one of his balls around in her mouth. Then I moved to a position and watched as Stan layed underneath her and ate her pussy. He had both hands wrapped up and was holding her ass while he tongue flicked quickly over her clit. I asked Stan if he liked what he was eating and he mumbled yes and nodded his head. I moved back around to watch Denise some more. I sat closer to her and started to kiss her neck and massage her shoulders. Drool was running out of the sides of her mouth and down Stan's cock. She pulled her mouth off of his cock and told me to fuck her. With that statement, I gave her a deep kiss and moved around to where Stan was eating her. 

I gave Denise's ass a few licks and even licked out her pussy while Stan was just inches away licking her clit. Then I heard Denise once again telling me to fuck her. I stood up and placed my cock at the entrance of her pussy, then slowly I started to slide my cock into her. I continued sliding it in until I was pressed as deep as I could be. Then I started to pump into her and slamming back into her hard on the in-stroke. I would pull my cock out until the head was visible and then push it back in again all the way. All of a sudden I felt a new sensation on the underside of my cock. I looked down and saw that Stan now had put his cock where my cock was going in and out of Denise and was licking my cock as it plunged in and out. This was the first time that any guy had ever licked my cock and at first I was a little shocked but my excitement overrode any fear that I had in about a milli-second.
