 This is a continuation of the weekend that my wife and I spent with our friend Stan.  Some of the things that happened Friday night were totally unexpected and caught both my wife and I off-guard.  I have never considered myself "gay" but more or less bi-curious.  Denise and I had joked around before about it but we never thought anything would ever happen because it is difficult to find a guy interested in doing it and one that we thought we could trust and develope a friendship with.  That was until this weekend.

We all woke up around 9 or so and just layed in bed for another hour and laughed and giggled about what had transpired the night before.  Stan said he had not had this much fun for a long time and thanked us over and over for allowing him to join in on our fun.  We told him that it was not a problem and that he is more than welcome to join us anytime as long as it stays a secret.  We even told him if he meets an open minded female that he should suggest that she joins us too.  During that time we layed in bed in the morning nothing seriously happened.  Stan and I continued to rub and stroke her body while she lazily played with our cocks.  She occasionally would suck us for a brief second and then pull away.  When she knew we were getting aroused she jumped out of bed and said, "Well, that's enough to make you keep your minds on me the rest of the day."  With that she went and jumped in the shower.

Stan and I both got out of bed, jumped into our shorts and headed for the kitchen where we made some breakfast and waited for Denise to get out of the shower.  After breakfast  Stan and I both grabbed  a shower and got dressed in some comfortable clothes.  For the remaider of the day the three of us lounged around the house watching TV and just relaxing.  Eventually we made it to town and picked up some more snacks and drinks for the evening to come.  We had decided to head up to Springfield and go out to eat and then drive back home for a night of excitement and fulfillment.  Around 3 or so we started to get ready.  By 4:30 we were out the door and on our way in Stan's 2001 full size Dodge truck.  We decided to dress up a little bit since we were going to a nice restaurant.  Stan and I both wore a pair of Dockers and a nice shirt and Denise wore a little flimsy skirt and a low cut semi-transparent blouse.

We had previously decided to treat this as a 3-person date with everyone getting the same benefits as the other person.  So with that, Denise had to ride up front with us in the truck.  While driving, we bullshitted about this and that.  Meanwhile, Stan had his hand on Denise's left leg and I had a hand on her right leg while Denise had a hand on each of our thighs.  We continued to teasingly stimulate Denise while she did the same with us.  At one point, Denise was rubbing our cocks through our pants while Stan I took turns of rubbing her pussy with our fingers.  When one of us had a finger or two soaked the other would take over.  As the fingers were removed we made Denise have a pre-dinner appetizer by licking her juices off of our fingers.

We arrived at the restaurant and was able to get a booth that was a half-circle.  Of course we allowed Denise to sit in the middle of Stan and I.  We stayed very close to Denise just like a person would if they were on a date by themselves and kept our hands placed on her thighs.  Our waitress showed up and took our drink order.  She was very cute and sexy.  Immediately when she left we made several comments about her.  She must have been in her early 20's.  We joked around and dared Denise to flirt with her a little.  When she showed back up with our drinks Denise made sure to lean forward a little when she took hers and gave the waitress a peek down her top.  Denise told her "thanks" and when she took the drink from her hand she made sure to touch her hand and even rubbed it a little.  The waitress blushed and quickly put our remaining drinks on the table and left.

She came back shortly and took our food orders.  This time however she was checking us out more and more.  We made sure that she could tell that Stan and I both were rubbing Denise.  I caught her looking as I placed my order and all she could do is smile.  When Denise ordered,  she asked the girl if she had a "suggestion of what to eat tonight?".  The girl just giggled and suggested she get special because it was a juicy steak.  Right then we all broke out laughing.  The waitress left as we were still giggling.  We ate our dinner and continued to flirt with the waitress.  By the end of dinner we had had a great time and was ready to continue the evening.   We paid our bill, left the waitress a very nice tip and of course had to casual ask her if she would like to join us.  She said she would be interested but she did not get off until closing time which meant 2 or 3 in the morning.  However, Stan was able to snag her phone number for future reference.

We hopped back in the truck and headed back home.  By now the sunlight was beginning to fade and we had a beautiful drive back through the Ozark Moutains.  The cab of Stan's Dodge was large and roomy so Denise had plenty of room to move around. Once we we were out of the city Denise became a little more assertive and started kissing us both on the necks and chest.  She would play with one of us until we were boiling then rotate around and play with the other.  This continued for a couple miles until I wispered to her that maybe Stan needed a little help driving.  Denise leaned over to Stan and unbuttoned his pants.  I couldn't see everything that was going on but I could tell that she stroked him for a few minutes and then leaned down and started sucking on his cock.  She was laying across the seat with her ass facing me.  I could hear Denise's sucking sounds as I watched her head bobbing up and down in his crotch.  Meantime I had slid my hand up under her skirt and was starting to rub and finger her pussy.  When I was able to get her panties slid to the side I started to finger her hard with two fingers.  I timed my thrusts into her pussy with her bobbing movements that she was giving Stan.  

Stan was having a difficult time driving and we were getting into a extremely curvy and hilly part of the drive so Denise pulled up off of his crotch and sat back against me.  She leaned her head backwards and kissed me deeply.  She then lifted her ass off the seat and pulled her panties off and hung them from the rearview mirror.  She opened her legs and  pulled her skirt above her waist which gave Stan an unobstructed view of her pussy.  She then said that she was going to have to keep herself warmed-up until we arrived home.  Denise started to rub her pussy with both hands.  I was able to look down over her shoulder and watch what she was doing and at the same time play with her tits which I had released from her blouse.  Soon she was fingering her pussy with two fingers.  The truck smelled of pussy and you could hear the smacking sounds from her fingers as she thrust them in and out of herself.  Once in awhile she would offer Stan and I her fingers so we could lick the juices off of them.  Eventually she had worked herself to a point of no return and started to rub her clit.  She would dip her fingers into her pussy and get them wet and then use the lubrication to help her stimulate her clit.  After a couple minutes of rubbing her clit, she started bucking until her body locked up and she  had an orgasm.  We had about 10 more minutes of driving before we reached Stan's house which gave us enough time to relax and get calmed down.

We finally pulled into the driveway and could not get into the house fast enough.  Once in the house we fixed some drinks and headed to the living room.  Stan asked if we wanted to watch a porno and we said sure.  He went and grabbed a taped and put it into the machine.  It was just your ordinary porno with hot girls and big cocked guys.  We drank our drinks plus a few more, watched the movie and playfully flirted with Denise while she sat between us on the couch.  Stan and I both were still dressed while Denise just had  on her blouse with her tits exposed and her skirt with no panties on.  She slid up on my lap sideways and opened her legs towards Stan.  I started to kiss her and play with her tits and Stan slid over and dropped to his knees so he could eat her out.  While he was licking her pussy he slid his hands up under her ass.  Since she was on my lap this put his hands right on my crotch.  Soon he turned his hands over and started rubbing my cock through my pants as he ate her out.  After about 10 minutes of this, Denise announced that she wanted to take another shower.  We slammed our drinks and headed off to the shower. 

Once in the shower we took turns getting our bodies wet and then I announced that I had to pee, of course Stan said he did too.  Denise dropped onto her back and slithered between our legs with her head between Stan's legs and her knees between my legs.  Stan and I faced each other and concentrated on trying to coax the piss from our dicks.  Denise was laughing and telling us to give her what she needed.  She had one hand on her pussy and the other was stretched up between Stan's legs rubbing his balls and ass.  Finally I let loose and started pissing from her pussy up to her chest.  My pissing caused Stan to begin.  Together we soaked her body with our piss.  As we finished she got up on her knees and rubbed our cocks all over her face and sucked down the last drops into her mouth.  Denise stood up and Stan I grabbed some soap and a couple washclothes and started to soap down her body from head to toe.  Denise spun slowly around and let us soap her as she turned.  When we were done there was not a place on her body that we missed.  Once she was done rinsing off she announced that it was our turn to be soaped down.  At first I thought she was talking about just her soaping us down but what she meant was that each of us was going to be soaped down not just by her but also by the other.

I said that I would go first and I turned my backside to Stan and front to Denise.  She said "Oh no, Stan has to do  your front." and then just giggled.  So I turned to Stan and said, "Don't worry I bet she will make me do the same to you."  I felt Denise starting to soap my back when Stan started to soap my chest.  My cock was harder than hell and there was nothing I could do about it.  Stan soaped my chest and started to work his way down my stomach.  I just stood there and moaned in appreciation not knowing really what to say.  Stan soaped his way down one leg and then back up the other.  I felt Denise working down the back of my legs also and then she told Stan to make sure not to miss the middle area.  That must of gave the Stan the courage he needed because he layed a bar of soap on my cock and wrapped the washcloth around it and started to stroke my cock.  Then Stan just started to soap all over my cock and balls.  Meanwhile, Denise had worked her hand between my asscheeks and was playing with my asshole while she looked around my side and watched  Stan cleaning my cock.  When I started to feel like I was going to cum I told them to stop and that it was my turn to help do the cleaning.  I rinsed the soap from my body and moved so that Stan was now between us.

Now it was my turn to soap Stan.  I chose to start at his legs and move up. As I worked my way up I skipped over his cock and proceeded to soap his stomach and chest.  Denise was soaping his back and once in awhile would poke her head around and see what I was doing.  She reached around and grabbed my hand and placed it on Stan's cock.  I was totally shocked by her forwardness but at the same time was glad that she did that because it helped me break the ice.  I dropped the washcloth and put the soap in my hands and just started soaping his cock by cupping his cock with both hands with the soap in the middle.  Besides what had happened the night before I had never had another cock in my hand besides mine.  His cock felt so hard in my hands and the head was fully engorged as I worked lathering him up. I kinda stopped soaping him and just started stroking his cock with one hand and holding his balls with the other.  Denise was doing to Stan what she had done previously to me.  I could see her hand between his legs and she was moving her hand up and down.  I know that she had a finger inside him and was pumping it in and out.  She asked if he liked what she was doing and all he could do was moan yes and then he bent over a little more.  She stood up behind him and asked if he wanted another finger.  Again he replied with yes.  With that she started to finger his ass again while I continued to rub his ever hardening cock.  After a couple minutes Denise said she was ready to get out.  We hopped out of the shower, dried off and then went to the bedroom.  Denise stayed in the bathroom to finish drying her hair so I told Stan I was going to make us some drinks.

When I returned to the bedroom, Denise was still in the bathroom drying her hair and Stan was laying back on his bed gently stroking his cock.  He stopped when he saw me but I told him not to worry about it and to go ahead and continue.  I gave him his drink and we both agreed we needed a stiff drink and then we hammered it down.  I told him that we should suprise Denise when she came out.  I told him to keep doing what he was doing and that I would do it along with him.  Stan had put a porno on and we layed back and started stoking as we watched the movie.  I had a hard time keeping my eyes on the movie and would catch myself watching him stroke his huge cock.  When Denise came out of the shower she was wearing a towel but when she saw us she let out a scream, dropped the towel and flew into bed between us.  She was so giddy that it was funny. It was like she was a kid in a candy shop.  She said she did not want to be left out so she started to play with herself as well.  That did not last long because soon we had our hands helping hers.  We sat up and drank some more of our drinks.  Stan went to mix another round of drinks and to go to pee again.

Denise slid down my body and started to give me a blow job.  When Stan returned she was stroking my cock and licking my balls.  The next thing I knew she had asked Stan if he wanted to help her.  He said that he would and layed down on the other side of my body.  When he was situated Denise pointed my cock towards his mouth and I watched as he slid his mouth over my cock.  Denise kept her grip at the base of my cock as Stan started bobbing up and down.  My wife looked up to me and asked if I was enjoying this and I said I was.  The she pulled my cock from Stan's mouth and started to suck on it herself.  Stan must have really liked what he was doing because he worked his face in under Denise's and started to lick my cock and even my balls once in awhile.  Then Denise got up from the bed and headed to the bathroom.  Stan took over and once again started to suck my cock.  He was really starting to do a good job and I was fighting off the urge to cum.  Then I saw Denise standing in the doorway watching and holding a tube of Vaseline.  She commented about how hot we looked and jumped back on the bed.  I saw her put some lube on her fingers and then she moved them too my ass.  I felt her start to push a finger in and my cock swelled in Stan's mouth.  Stan continued sucking my cock and Denise started to finger my ass with two fingers.  I told them that I was going to cum and they increased the speed at which they were working at.  At the point of my explosion, Denise shoved her fingers deep into me and I started pumping cum into Stan's mouth.  Half-way thru my orgasm Stan pulled my cock from his mouth and I continued pumping cum high into the air.  Denise then kissed Stan and I saw cum dripping from between their lips.  Together then they cleaned the remaining cum from my cock.  I just layed there for a few moments and relaxed while they continued making out with each other.

Stan licked his way down her body and proceeded to eat her pussy.  I layed by Denise and kissed her and gently played with her nipples.  As Denise and I played, I watched as Stan devoured her with his mouth.  He had his face buried in her and his hands cupping her ass.  She was moaning into my mouth as I kissed her deeply and her hips were bucking as Stan continued eating her.  She grabbed Stan and pulled him on top of her and at the same time slid her body under his until he was straddling her chest with his cock in her face.  I slid down also keeping my face next to hers.  She started to lick and suck on the knob of his cock as I kissed the side of her face.  She then turned her head towards me while keeping the head of his cock in her mouth. All of a sudden my lips came into contact with his cock and I felt a jolt of electricity surge thru my body.  I remember vividly placing my mouth around the head of his cock and swirling my tongue around it.  Then I started moving my mouth up and down taking a little more into my mouth each time.  I had one hand wrapped around the base and I was trying to get my mouth worked down to atleast my hand.  The head of his cock felt so huge in my mouth and when I would try to get more of him in it would trigger the gag reflex and I would have to pull back a little.  Denise and I shared sucking his cock back and forth for a little bit until it was time to get to a new position.

Stan moved from his knees to his back and Denise crawled on top facing away from Stan.  I moved between Stan's legs and grabbed his cock and watched Denise slowly slide down upon it.  She started to bounce up and down on Stan.  She would slide almost all the way off and then sink back down to his balls.  As I watched Stan's cock get soaked with her juices I would occasionally rub them and let my fingers slide up and down his cock and massage his balls.  I then stood up and had Denise get my cock real wet and slick.  Once it was slicked up I moved down to my knees and scooted up.  Denise layed back a little to give me room as I slid my cock along side of Stan's in her pussy.  Denise went absolutely bezerk when Stan and I started to slowly pump in and out of her. She was screaming at the top of her lungs and kept saying over and over again "Oh god, oh god!".  It was easier for me to pump so Stan mostly just layed there and would thrust his hips up slowly while I drove my cock in and out of her.  I could feel Stan and my cockheads  rub against each other.  Denise was so wet that she was soaking both Stan and I.  Denise started to slam her hips forward and backwards which eventually pushed my cock out of her.  I do not know how many times that she shuddered with orgasms.  All I know is that Stan was saying he was going to cum and she started to buck harder and harder.  I had moved and once again was rubbing his balls and cock.  When I saw his nuts tightening up I moved my face to them and started licking from Stan's cock up to Denise's clit.

When Stan's body tightened up Denise slid off of his cock which slapped me right in the mouth.  At that instant Stan exploded.  I wrapped my lips around the head of his cock and took two big shots and then aimed it back towards Denise's pussy.  He shot a huge amount of cum onto her and then she slid him back inside of her to finish him off.  As she slowly moved his cock in and out I licked all the cum from her pussy and then pulled his cock from her and finished cleaning him off.  Denise then slid off and licked the remaining droplets of cum from my face and chest.  

By then we were pretty tuckered out and needed a little break to recoup and regenerate our energy levels.  We threw on some comfortable clothes and headed out to the patio for some fresh air.  There is something about the moutain air in the Ozarks in the middle of the night that just smells so clean and fresh.  While on the  paio we had a drink and ate some of the snacks that we had bought that afternoon.  Soon we were ready for another round.  So back in the house we went.
