 Sheila thought about the day she met David on the beach during the summer of 1996. He was beautiful, and from the way he was looking at her that day she knew he thought the same of her. He had on a pair of swim trunks which, for some reason, would cling to everything inside of them when they were wet. Sometimes she thought she had an unfair advantage because she knew what she'd be getting before she had even gotten it. David was not the first man she had ever been with but he was definitely the best. He was so gentle that first time. Everything was perfect. The roses, the wine, he cooked dinner for her at his place and they made love until 3:00 in the morning. When she got out of bed he was cooking breakfast. Perfect.

In 2000 they were married and honeymooned in Mexico. It was also perfect. The flowers were there, the wine was there and they were up until all hours every night making love or fucking like animals. Between the time they met and the time they were married, their sex life became much more interesting. Sheila was the driving force behind the new and different things they tried. It was because of her that their collection of porn grew and grew and their experiences together were more and more exciting. The night she was finally able to get his cock in her ass was bliss. He was always hesitant and it took some convincing but one night she finally pushed him to do it.

David was in the living room watching the game. He loved his sports and Sheila didn't mind. She walked naked into the living room, stood in front of him and showed him the dildo she was holding. He had no interest in the game any longer and turned off the TV. 

Still standing and spreading her legs wide she began rubbing her clit. David just smiled and watched. She could see his cock starting to bulge in his pants. She sat herself down on the coffee table, put her feet up on the couch on either side of him and slid the dildo into her pussy. Leaning forward, she pulled out his cock and gave it a few strokes with her lips to help it along. She wanted it rock hard. She pulled the dildo, now slick with her juice, from her snatch. Leaning forward she whispered in his ear, "Don't touch me, and do not touch your cock." She turned around in front of him, bent over and eased the dildo into her ass. When it sank into her hole she cried out from the pleasure. She gave her ass a good fucking. She could see David's face in the reflection on the TV screen while she pumped her ass and rubbed her clit. She knew he wanted her, and now! 

"Please Sheila, please" begged David, "I have to have you. Watching you like this is going to make me cum."

"There's only one hole you're going to fuck tonight and it's not my pussy! If you don't want that one then you don't get any!"

When David stood, his pants dropped to the floor. He grabbed the dildo from her ass, rammed it into her cunt and slid his cock into her ass right to his balls. Sheila braced herself on the coffee table and screamed as David banged her ass, faster and faster. The dildo slipped from her twat and her juice ran down the inside of her leg. Seeing his reflection in the TV screen and watching the look of ecstasy on his face made her cum and cum again. Reaching between her legs she slipped four fingers into her sopping pussy and put her fingers in her mouth. Her pussy was so sweet. She knew it and she loved the taste. She felt David's hands tighten on her waist. He held her firm while he drilled into her. David gave one final thrust, held his rod deep in her ass and filled her hole with his huge load. She felt the heat of his cum flooding her rectum. David's cries overpowered her moans when he came. Shelia had been curious for a long time about how his cum would feel in her ass. She loved it. She loved him.

 * * * * * *