 I pulled into the driveway and parked the car. My buddy Shawn and I got out and headed to the door. 

“So how long has it been since you’ve seen her?” he asked. 

“I think about 5 years,” I replied. “But we have emailed once in a while between now and then.”

“Well, if she is as hot as you say she was then....” Shawn let his words trail off. 

He didn’t have to finish his sentence. He knew how I had felt about Kristy since the first time I had laid eyes on her back in high school. Hell, he had heard enough out of me the whole car ride. Luckily for him, it was not a far trip. 

Shawn and I were stopping to visit Kristy for the night as we were heading down to New York for a hockey game. She lived in New Jersey, but it was close enough for me. She had asked me if I wanted to hang out with her and a friend or two that night. The game was not until the next evening, so Shawn and I were all for it....as though I needed convincing. 

I rang the doorbell, nervously holding my breath. Kristy had been my secret crush all through high school....her long blonde hair, dark eyebrows, great smile....she was really beautiful. Unfortunately for me, I was always her “best friend.” That and the fact I was a complete chickenshit about girls. College had changed that, though, and now I was a lot more outgoing and confident. Not as confident as Shawn, mind you. Picture a young Billy Dee Williams. OK, maybe not such a good idea. But his Colt .45 commercials are a sort of caricature of Shawn. Smooth and sure of himself. 

Kristy answered the door and she was still stunning. Her hair was shorter and not as wavy as it was in school. But she still had the athletic body and, I noticed as she turned to shake Shawn’s hand, a phenomenal ass. 

“Oh my god, Mike, it is so good to see you!” she said. “It has been WAY too long.”

I smiled and agreed with her. We put our stuff away in her spare bedroom and all sat down in the living room. She asked us if we felt like doing anything in particular. 

“Not really. Whatever you had in mind works for us,” Shawn said. 

“OK, let me see what my friends are up to,” Kristy said and went to use the phone.

Shawn raised his eyebrows at me when she had left. “You weren’t kidding, man. She is hot!”

I nodded and tried not to think too much about it. I knew tonight wouldn’t turn into anything except lots of hugs and hearing how good it was to see me again.

A couple of minutes later, she came back and said, “OK, Sarah and Kate will come out with us, but Alex and Heather can’t.” Since we knew none of these people, that meant not a whole hell of a lot. 

We headed out to dinner, which was good. Sarah turned out to be a nice-looking girl. Black hair that she had in a ponytail and what appeared to be a nice figure. She was rather quiet and it turned out she had a headache. “I’m not sure how long I will be able to make it tonight, but Kristy was so excited to see you guys that I really wanted to join you all.” Very nice of her, I thought. I felt kind of bad, that she was suffering because of Shawn and me though and told her, getting a laugh out of Kate, who was absolutely adorable. Thin, but with curves in all the right places, she had a devilish look in her eyes and we found out, a rather straightforward and wicked sense of humor. 

“She was just hoping you’d turn out to be Brad Pitt and Wesley Snipes,” Kate said. 

“Too bad we’re not,” I said laughing. 

“Nah, you’re better,” Kristy said. An answer I half expected. 

We went to a bar after dinner and had a few rounds. Sarah sadly had to bail. Her headache was too much. “If you guys are ever back again, please let me know. I really enjoyed hanging out with you.,” she said. We wished her well and after another hour or so, finished our last beers.

“Hey, let’s go back to my place...I feel like watching a movie,” Kristy said, tugging on my shirt. I put my arm around her and said, “Aw, you’re just trying to lure us back to your place so you can turn us into your love slaves.” 

“Guilty as charged,” Kate answered, that look in her blue-green eyes again. She turned to walk out the door and I noticed Kate had a really sweet ass too. Shaking my head, I followed the ladies to the car. When we got back to Kristy’s, Kristy brought out some weed and we all got high. 

“So you wanted to make a movie?” I asked with a straight face.

After their laughing had stopped, Kristy punched me and fell over onto me. I tried to hold her up, but one of my hands was square on her breast. I knew it was completely unintentional, but I wasn’t sure she knew that. I apologized, but she made no movement and simply smiled at me. 

“I always knew you were a little pervert,” she said laughing. 

I turned beet red. 

“Aw, he’s blushing,” Kate said. She and Shawn were sitting pretty close at this point. I had noticed that they were getting along pretty well in the bar. Never fails with that guy. The man could get laid in a convent. Actually....would that be so hard? Never mind. Anyway, you get my point. 

Kristy still hadn’t moved. She hovered over me as I leaned back on my hands. My heart was beating so fast. I swore that everyone there could hear the thumping in my chest. Her eyes were locked onto mine. So much for being a confident guy, I thought. I feel like I am back in high school. Then, I would tighten up and not know what to say whenever a good-looking girl was around. It was at this point where Kate came to my rescue. She got up off the couch with Shawn and pulled Kristy off me. I was about to get up when she pushed me back down. Without saying a word, she put both hands on the side of my head and kissed me deep. Her tongue slid into my mouth. At first, I was paralyzed with shock. Where the hell did this come from? I knew I was high, but was I dreaming? 

When she pulled away, she got back up and sat back down with Shawn, who looked nearly as confused as I felt. Kristy, on the other hand was smiling from ear to ear. Kate spoke up again, “See, Mike, it’s like this: Kristy knows you were in love with her in high school. She was just more of a bitch back then to bother with the nice guys.”

At this point, it was as if I had been clubbed on the head. What? She knew....ok, that I can handle. But....

“What was up with that kiss, though?” I asked.

Kate laughed. “I got your full attention, didn’t I?” 

She certainly had done that. 

I got up to go to the bathroom and when I came out, Kristy was there at the door. I immediately stepped aside to let her in, but she stood there staring at me again. At this point, I realized that my first thought when I got here, that nothing would happen but a bunch of hugs, was way off. I wrapped my arms around her and bent down to kiss her. She leaned into me pressing her lips against mine. I felt her tongue slide into my mouth. It was more gentle than Kate’s method. Her hand reached down to rub the growing bulge in my pants. I let out a little moan and then heard the unmistakable sound of a zipper going down from the next room. Kristy pulled back and smiled. She said, “Let’s see what’s up in the other room.” I could have told her it was Shawn, but why ruin the moment? 

She took my hand and led me into the room. Kate was on her knees in front of Shawn and was giving him what appeared to be a kick-ass blow job. She was really into it, her head bobbing up and down with a fury. Shawn’s head was leaned back on the couch and he was clenching the back edge of the couch as well. Kristy pulled my arms around her as I stood behind her. We watched silently as Kate did her thing. I slid one hand up Kristy’s shirt. She rocked her ass back into my crotch, teasing my cock with every sway of her hips. She leaned her head back onto my shoulder and kissed my neck. I was enjoying the show Kate was putting on (she had at this point taken off her clothes and Shawn’s pants...her body was great. A dancer’s body, though not too thin.) and wanted to see more, but Kristy had my mind made up and had banished all patience at this point. I dropped to my knees and took off her pants and underwear. I spread her legs and kissed the insides of her thighs. Her hands clutched the back of my head and her knees buckled as my tongue traced the outside of her pussy. Her moans were soon joined by Kate’s, who apparently was riding Shawn pretty hard. I could hear her pounding against him as she screamed out, “Oh yeah....oh yes....that’s it...FUCK ME.....fuck me with that big fucking cock of yours. Uh-huh....come on....give it to me!”

Bringing my full attention back to Kristy, my tongue snaked it’s way inside her, before coming out to circle her clit. Circling....teasing....sliding back down her length....then back up. 

“Oh god, Mike, you’re driving me crazy....don’t fucking stop....” she moaned. Like I had any intention to!

My mouth covered her clit and I sucked it in gently. Kristy’s legs failed her at this point and she had to slowly bring herself down onto the floor with me. My tongue circled as I sucked and her hips started to grind against my face. I slid 2 fingers inside her and that did it...she cried out and her muscles tightened up. “Oh god yes!!!!! You’re making me cum! Oh fuck yeah! Ohhhhhhhh fuuuuck!” I licked and sucked as she became incredibly wet. She stopped me after a while and said, “MY turn!” with a hungry look on her face. I crawled back against a chair. I now had a rather decent view of what was happening. Kate was still riding Shawn, but when she noticed that Kristy was in the process of removing my pants, she stopped and instead of facing Shawn, turned away from him. She kept his cock in her the whole time as she leaned over and started talking dirty again. “Mmmm....now you can take a look at my ass while you pound me with that cock. Mmmhmmm....I bet you like that. Watching my ass go up and down while I ride you? I love it. And I get to watch Kristy suck Mike’s cock.”

Kristy heard this and smiled, shaking her head. Looking into my eyes, she lowered her mouth to take my cock in. I bit my bottom lip as I felt her lips touch me there for the first time. Considering the number of times I had thought about it in school., it felt a million times better in real life. I was lucky I didn’t blow it all right there. The warm wetness of her mouth was amazing. Her head moved up and down slowly. I forced myself to keep my eyes open...I did not want to let the image disappear. My hands clenched tightly. I could feel her tongue sliding up and down my length. I glanced up at Kate, who had pulled Shawn down onto the floor so that they were now in the doggie position. Shawn was pounding her hard and she was loving it. “FUCK YEAH!....POUND ME!!! FUCKING DRIVE THAT COCK DEEP!!”

Her words were getting to me so I figured I should do what I had always wanted. I took Kristy and laid her down on her back. She kissed me as I crouched over her and pulled at my hips. Pulling me down to her, guiding me inside her. Her eyes rolled back into her head slightly as I slid in. I moved slowly at first. Completely in contrast with the hard-core fucking that was going on about 2 feet from us. 

She wrapped her legs around me and her breathing was getting harder and faster. She moaned as my cock hit deep inside. I felt her squeeze me a couple times and she asked me to go faster. “I want to feel all of you....hitting me deep. Fuck me, Mike....come on.....yeah, that’s it.....just like that.....fuck yes.....make me cum all over your cock....make me cum again, baby.” Her voice was much softer than the manner in which Kate was screaming. Somehow, it was more effective. Kate was now screaming that she was cumming again and that seemed to be all Shawn could handle. He yelled out that he was cumming and Kate was making up a whole new language as her climax overtook her. Kristy was close too. Her voice was getting a bit more frantic. She was bringing me right to the edge. Then she stopped me. 

“Mike....would you fuck me in the ass? Please? I want your cock in my ass.”

DAMN! Her words alone nearly made me lose it. Somehow I managed to stop from cumming right there. Did I hear right? Did she say she wanted me to fuck her ass? The dream gets better! While I had always wondered what that was like, I had never had the chance. Most girls I knew were dead against that sort of thing. 

She flipped over onto her knees and she stopped me right before I was about to press my cock against her. Kate had slid away from Shawn and Kristy had her come over. Kate crawled over on her hands and knees. She locked her eyes on mine and ran her hand along Kristy’s back and ass. As she tore her eyes away from me, she leaned down and kissed Kristy’s ass cheeks, running her tongue over the soft skin. The she slide her tongue between and licked Kristy’s asshole. Kristy went wild.....deep moans. She let out moans that sounded as though they had come from deep within her. She bucked her hips slightly and Kate slid a finger into her ass. Then another. After a few moments of this, Kristy stopped Kate and said she was ready for me. Kate straightened up and came over to kiss me deep on the mouth. “Maybe when you finish with her, she’ll let me have you for a bit?” Kate whispered into my ear. I simply smiled in return. 

I pressed my cock against her ass, which had been well lubed up by Kate. The head slid in slowly. I knew better than to slide in hard and fast right away. I took my time and followed her lead, sliding in bit by bit when she seemed ready. She cried out loudly as I finally got the last few inches inside. “OH YEAH....That’s it.” She rocked her ass around in circles. It was so tight inside. I slid back and forth. Sawing away slowly. Her cries increased. I could tell she was fingering herself as I fucked her ass. I knew I was not going to be able to last much longer. “That’s it....fuck me.....fuck my ass....fuck my ass hard...uh-huh.....do it....make me cum....cum in my ass and make me cum!” That was all it took. I pounded her ass as hard as I could as I pumped my load into her. She cried out that she was cumming too. The next few moments were a blur. My orgasm was so intense. I know I did not pass out, but I bet I came pretty damn close. Kristy was screaming in pleasure as her orgasm went on for what seemed forever. 

When we both finally came back to earth, I slid up and wrapped her in my arms. She snuggled up and I glanced over at Kate, who was in a similar position with Shawn. We all laid there like that for a while. I went up to get a drink of water like an hour later. Kate came in shortly after and asked for some too. 

“Were you serious about your comment earlier?” I asked.

She laughed. “Of course. I saw what you did to Kristy. I would like to try that too.” 

“You seemed like you were doing pretty well yourself,” I answered. 

“Oh my god, yes.” She laughed again. “That was one hell of a fucking I got.”

“No shit,” I said with a smile. “I heard you pretty well from where I was.” 

Kate returned the smile and kissed my cheek. “I just want to have fun while I am still young. You two guys are really fun and while Kristy and I do not do this sort of thing every day, now seemed like the perfect chance for a wild night.” 

“It was that,” I replied. 

I looked at the clock and it was only 1 AM. Plenty of time for more. But I will save what happened next for another time....

The End