 Darcie and Jen's lips were locked in a fiery kiss. The two M-cupped brunettes were making out with an amazing ferocity. Both hot ladies' gigantic breasts were pressing against one another. Their bare flesh was populated by goose bumps in the drafty air of the kitchen. 

Just as Heather came around the corner into the kitchen, she beheld the hot sight of Darcie's olive-skinned breasts contrasting against Jen's pale knockers as the two women delved deeper into their impromptu make-out session.

"Hey Jen, I thought we were going to get your apartment ready for the party and not have sex like we agreed at the bra shop." Heather strutted towards the two huge breasted lovers as she undid the tie to her halter top behind her neck. Her alabaster 34M-cupped knockers jiggled with each step she took. Darcie and Jen couldn't help but ogle as they watched the sultry redhead come towards them, oozing out a dire need for sex.

"Excuse me," Nelly chirped.

The three topless sex goddesses turned to see their other three friends standing before them. Nelly's almost-skin-tight, beige V-necked top couldn't hide the cleavage her new 38G bra created by pressing her bulbous, sensitive tits together. The ginger-haired cutie's thumbs were going over her nipples through her top as she stood with her arms crossed. At her sides were Carmen and Amanda who were in the exact same stance.

"Yeah, what's the big idea of making out when you need to be making the fudge," Amanda playfully snapped. The redhead's nubile fingers circled around her own braless 40M-cupped tits. Her fingers circled their way up to her pale, pink nipples playing peek-a-boo over the hem of her peach spaghetti-strapped top.

"Come on girls, I think the fudge is almost done and that's all we need to get this party started," Carmen advanced towards the oven and parted between the three topless goddesses. Darcie, Jen, and Heather couldn't help but allow their hands to ascend on Carmen's body as she walked past them. The 42L-cupped brunette couldn't help but shudder as delicate finger tips eased her attention-hungry nerves through her white, loose-fitted blouse and her worn denim skirt. Her braless bosom felt full from the addictive pleasures coursing through her nipples and clitoris.

"Okay! We need to stop and get ready," Jen suddenly barked. Her eyes winced as if she were in pain from the realization of her responsibility.

"I've got two blunts rolled for all the girls we're expecting," Carmen exclaimed. "Go get relaxed and compose yourself while I take care of the fudge."

Darcie and Jen kissed one more time as Jen pulled down her big T-shirt over her pale braless M-cupped sucklers and buttoned her Capri shorts. Heather couldn't help but give Darcie's left nipple one lick as she pulled back the ties to her white halter top.

"Hey, you'd better make them even," Darcie cooed to Heather as she covered her left breast with part of her turquoise spaghetti-strapped top. The luscious redhead lapped her tongue at Darcie's exposed chocolaty nipple until she heard the brunette cutie giggle. Darcie let out a gasp as Heather stopped licking. The hot redhead brought her lips up to Darcie's as she tied the halter top behind her neck. Darcie adjusted her straps on her top and led the girls into Jen's living room where Carmen had a glass tray placed on the coffee table holding two blunts and a small pile of ground up weed.

All the girls sat close to each other around the coffee table, their huge breasts resting on the background of the wood's glossy finish. Jen contemplated taking up a blunt and a lighter, but her notion was wrested from her priorities as she noticed what the other girls were in the process of doing. To her right, Heather and Amanda giggled and prodded at each other's huge breast flesh. They playfully came on to one another and intentionally allowed it to go too far. Amanda savagely groped Heather's huge melons. The only response Heather could muster was by pinching and pulling Amanda's sensitive nipples through her top. Both girls continued their soft core groping and advanced it up to light caresses up and down their supple valleys of cleavage. 

Darcie's gigantic heaving tits were tormenting Jen to her left. The cute shorty was laid back against the front of the couch, her M-cupped heavies bulging out more and more on all sides of her top's spaghetti straps. The brunette hottie's areolas were edging their way to the willowy top hem of the garment. The hot brunette's small fingers massaged her clitoris through her Daisy Dukes and made their way to her huge knockers until Darcie realized what she was doing and pulled them away.

Nelly moistened her lips at the sight of Darcie teasing her busty body. Her big nipples were straining the fabric of her beige blouse as they stood at attention. Watching Darcie's brown areolas inch into the open from under the turquoise fabric was making the ginger-haired cutie hornier by the second. The ginger-haired girl brought her hands up to her own boulders and massaged them through her shirt. Her bra's under wire nudged her palm, poking a realization into her mind.

"That was awfully nice of Margie to give us these new bras." Nelly smiled to the girls, attempting to keep their minds off of sex until the other girls had arrived and got nice and stoned. She knew it was of no use with the insane libidos the fudge gave them all. Her own nipples writhed and pressed against the soft fabric of her 38G-cupped bra.

"Do you wanna touch me or something, sweetie?" Darcie's coo padded into Nelly's ears, making the thought of abstinence almost impossible for her. Wasting no words, Nelly converged towards the brunette shorty. Just as their lips were about to meet, their intended make out session was thwarted by the ringing door bell. Carmen rushed in to see who had arrived, her knockers wobbling this way and that under her white top.

"Come in," Jen yelled. Just before the door opened, the M-cupped director tried to push her super hard nipples down through the white fabric of her extra large t-shirt. No matter how hard she tried to keep the cotton garment from hugging her amazing heavies, it always seemed to be determined to taper down her abdomen. She quickly yanked her hands away from her gigantic mammaries as the front door creaked open.

Jessica walked in first. All of her friends called her Jessi for short. The slender girl with shoulder-length blonde hair stepped into the room unknowingly forcing all of the horny, busty women to marvel at how her short denim shorts hugged her nice ass as well as the way her light blue spaghetti strapped top displayed the contours of her braless 34B-sized breasts. As usual, Jessi's pointy girls were straining the cotton fibers of her shirt.

Next through the door was Bonnie's slinky figure dressed in a baby doll tee just a shade darker than Jessi's shirt and a pair of khaki-colored capris along with some cute sneakers. She immediately went to hug her best friend, Carmen. The big girl knew her caramel-haired friend would be amazed at how big her 32A-cupped titties would grow once she ate the special fudge. Carmen's pussy tingled at the thought of sharing this experience with her best friend. She watched in delight as Bonnie's eyes bugged out when she noticed her new endowment.

Following Bonnie was the tomboyish, 34A-cupped Cammi with her grown out pixie cut tied back into two small pigtails. A wife beater with a green button-up shirt tied over it along covered her unencumbered titties. A pair of ripped jeans filled out above her smooth thighs leading down to her brown flip flops. She held a six pack of Bud Select in one hand and a pack of smokes in the other.

"There's room in the fridge for your beer, Cammi." Jen smiled to the blonde tomboy while trying to mask her own gigantic breasts with her arms resting on her knees.

Closing the door behind her as she entered was the healthy figure of Kelsey. Her hefty 36DD mams slightly jiggled under her faded cut off sweat shirt. The gray garment's large neckline hung off of her shoulder, revealing her silky white shoulder. She couldn't help but feel somewhat invigorated by the needle of air that penetrated the jersey fabric to tap dance along her bare breasts. The voluptuous blonde's sneakers led her into the space between the coffee table and the television. Kelsey's nipples turned to diamonds at the sight of all the huge breasts on her smoking hot friends.

"Damn Kels, I didn't think it was that cold outside," Darcie playfully smirked.

The blonde girl paused and looked down at her healthy boobs. A reddish tint slowly rose to her cheeks as she brought her hands up to her sweater meats. "Oh, sorry," Kelsey nervously smiled.

"Anyone wanna smoke up?" Carmen held up the blunt in order to divert the girls' attention from anyone's breasts.

"In here!?" Bonnie exchanged a shocked look from Jen to Carmen.

"Why not?" Jen brought her elbows up to rest on the couch cushions, her giant M-cupped girls stretching the t-shirt they were confined to. "I know I don't always agree with it, but I know most of you are going to do it anyway. Since you're in my show, you might as well do it in front of me where you're safe." There was a pause as all of the unaltered girls shared bewildered looks with each other. "Besides, tech rehearsal's coming up and we all know how much of a pain in the ass that can be."

Everyone sighed and nodded in agreement at the director's statement. Without any further comment, Carmen lit up the blunt and took a nice pull from the brown paper cylinder. Smoke billowed out of her plump lips and rushed up into her nostrils as she passed the weed to Bonnie.

"Oh! Jen, I turned off the over for you and pulled the wine out of the fridge. I think it's chilled long enough," Carmen exhaled as a thinned cloud of smoke escaped from her mouth.

"Okay, I'll go cut the fudge since it's probably already cooled down by now."

"Mind if I come?" Darcie couldn't hide her wicked intent from the director as she saw the opportunity to pounce on one of her big-titted lovers.

"Oh, I'm sure you'll need help with the other things in the fridge," Heather excitedly chirped.

"Come on, you two. We can hop into rotation later." Jen pushed herself up from the floor. The size of her breasts sandwiched her between the coffee table and the couch, causing her T-shirt to pull down and expose an ample amount of cleavage as she rose up. Darcie and Heather were already up and scampering into the kitchen like a couple of giddy school girls just as Jen stood to leave. Jessi was handing the blunt across the coffee table to Nelly as the doorbell rang.

"Nelly, would you get that for me please?" Jen sauntered into the kitchen and out of sight as the four unaltered girls stared in amazement at their overtly busty friends and director.

The ginger-haired cutie took her drag and passed the blunt back to Carmen. "Just a minute," she yelled as she hefted her voluptuous form up from the floor and made her way through the smoky living room to the door.

Meanwhile in the kitchen, Jen walked in to see Darcie and Heather in a furious kiss. Darcie's turquoise top was yanked down to her waist while the top half of Heather's white halter was crammed between her voluminous mounds. Jen's inner labia were slick with anticipation for Sapphic lust, but she mustered all of her self-control to walk over to the two girls and push them away from one another. As the disappointment of being divided hit them, Darcie and Heather turned their attention to Jen's clothed breasts. The director fought more and more to not allow what had happened early in the same room to happen again and escalate until all of the guests had arrived.

"Can you two give it a rest until we feed them the fudge!?"

"Come on Jen, can't we just go to a different room and get off?" Darcie's bottom lip pouted out as she brought her short fingers up to her own nipples.

"Not yet," Jen hissed. "You two think you're the only ones who're frustrated over this? I can't stop looking at your big, hot titties. I can't help but think of how much I want to suck your nipples so bad. I'd really like to go back in there and tear off Kelsey's shirt and play with her girls like they already are. Her tits are so perfect without this fudge. God, Amanda's an awesome tit sucker as well. I want to go back in there and play with her huge, pale boobs and..."

Jen realized how much her own words were turning herself on as well as the two busty hotties in her midst. Darcie and Heather were leaning up against the cabinet as their hands cupped their gargantuan hooters. Their fingers would trace around their stretched out nipples in the process of them feeling themselves up. Heather brought one of her own rosy colored nipples up to her mouth and sucked feverishly.

"Fuck Jen, don't stop talking," Darcie panted.

"Yeah," heather gave her hard nipple one more lick. "Your voice is so sexy and I just can't help but get wet at the thought of you doing that with Amanda and Kelsey. Besides, your titties are so big and swollen that I wouldn't mind joining in with that myself."

"I just hope Leslie and Clarissa get here soon." Darcie brought both of her olive-skinned melons up and licked her nipples with horizontal strokes.

"Oh, I know," Heather groaned back.

"Why?" Jen tried her hardest to keep her composure as she fought the urge to touch herself or her two sexy actresses.

"Because they're the ones who usually get drunk and start the flashing at the parties first. All of the other girls follow suit," Darcie said matter-of-factly as she continued to twist her big nipples.

"Yeah, most of the girls think they're all brave and shit for that," Heather replied with an air of sobriety as her caressing of her own breasts slowed.

"Well, I have a feeling that it won't be difficult since I specifically invited only the female players. The guys should have no idea this is going on." At the moment she made her statement, Jen's nipples got harder. She couldn't understand why, but she finally let down her defenses and poked at her own sensitive breasts through her shirt. "I'd bet if we had guys here, every girl would feel uncomfortable."

"Yeah, but not all of us," Darcie smiled as she shot a coquettish look to Heather and back to Jen.

"Fuck, practically all of the guys in the department have seen my titties before!" Heather hefted up her pale melons for emphasis.

"And the straight ones will definitely go ga-ga over them now!" Darcie's fingers glided through the air and stroked her friend's massive titflesh as she inched herself closer.

"Come on, girls!" Jen's hands were cupping her boulders as she called for Darcie and Heather's attention. "Let's hurry up and get this fudge cut!"

A mad bout of laughter caught the three busty hotties' focus. They all froze as they realized who had just arrived.

Leslie, a short cutie with shoulder length black hair and a perfect set of 34DDD's, was first to walk through the door once Nelly opened it. She was dressed in a sheer white button down that covered a flimsy red spaghetti strapped top. Her ensemble was completed with a faded pair of jeans and her favorite sneakers.

A slightly taller brunette with her hair worn in kinky little ringlets named Betty was next in line. Her plump 32C-cupped boobs were nicely displayed in a burgundy floral patterned blouse that was cut low enough to give a coy view of bit of cleavage. Like Leslie, she wore a pair of jeans, but chose to be a more stylish with a pair of black heels.

The tallest of the three girls entering the living room also happened to be the bustiest of them all. Clarissa was dressed in a tight brown T-shirt for her stout body along with a green skirt and some flip flops. She had her faded black hair pulled back into a ponytail that measured about five inches and exposed her make-up neglected features. Her 38H's stuck out like they always did, but without the support of a bra.

It was clear to Nelly from the outline produced on Clarissa's shirt that her big girls naturally hung down to her stomach. Just that sight alone made her sexual juices do a complete overhaul on her already moist cunny. She could feel her nipples get harder at the new realization of how well endowed her three friends were. It was amazing how she never paid much attention to Betty especially since they usually spent so much time together. Her fingers ached at the need to fondle her best friend's hooters. She used her talents as an actress to hide her crestfallen state from her friend, but found her spirits lifted when Leslie made a comment about her newly grown breasts.

"Wow! We have a Victoria's Secret model in here!" Leslie's loud cackle of laughter caught on to the other girls, but it only stifled a few small chuckles. The short 34DDD-cupper reached out and grabbed the bulk of Nelly's bust around her stiff nipples. For emphasis, Leslie's fingers delivered a playful squeeze to Nelly's sensitive 38G-cupped tits. At that moment, it was all Nelly could do to suppress the urge to pounce on Leslie right then and there.

She wanted to maul the short girl's breasts like mad. The ginger-haired cutie imagined tearing that flimsy red top off of her and buttoning up the sheer white shirt just to see Leslie's big sucklers playing a game of transparent peek-a-boo. Nelly imagined feeding both her and Betty handfuls of the special fudge and watch their healthy tits grow to mammoth proportions.

Just to sate her desires, she grabbed back at Leslie's 36DDD's and giggled. A pink shade spread across Nelly's cheeks as she pinched on what she was certain to be her friend's small nipples. Shutting the door behind her, Nelly felt her pussy clench and knew she had a tiny cum from Leslie's fingers coupled with her quick fantasy. She leaned against it for support while she tried to keep her composure in front of everyone.

"Hey girls," said Amanda. "Jen's got some wine and other stuff in the kitchen."

"Oh," Carmen gasped as she passed the blunt to Bonnie once more. "You must try the fudge. It's to die for."

"Oh no, not the wine," Clarissa laughed. Her massive 38H's slightly jiggled as she spoke. "You girls are just asking for it. Aren't you?"

"It'll be okay," Betty's sheepish voice chimed in. "It's just us girls tonight. Remember?" Betty took a few steps to Clarissa and gently rubbed her palms over the bigger woman's clothed breasts in a display of faux seduction. Clarissa's ponytail flapped from side to side as she threw her head back in reaction to Betty's touch.

"Oh stop it now. You're making me hot," the 38H-cupper blurted out in a lisp.

Before the ridiculous situation before her could get any weirder, Jessi decided that the marijuana had done its job on her. The munchies had kicked in and she could definitely go for some chocolate.

"I don't know about you all, but I'm going to grab some fudge."

"That sounds really good!" Bonnie along with Kelsey filed behind Jessi as she made her way to the kitchen. They were cut off by the linebacker-like front made by Darcie, Heather and Jen as they strolled out of the kitchen with a heaping plate of the most scrumptious fudge all of the unaltered girls had ever seen.

"Carmen, you'd better pass that over here if I'm going to eat that chocolate and not feel guilty about it," Clarissa beamed down across the coffee table.

"Sure," Carmen said as she handed Clarissa the diminished blunt after she ashed it. "You three need to catch up."

Just as the blunt got to Betty, there was a knock at the door. Without hesitation, the cute girl opened it to find three more of her cast mates ready to join the party. She immediately hugged the chubby girl who entered first.

Danni's black T-shirt did exactly what it was meant to do: accentuate her curves in the right places and slim her down in the spots she needed it. She was not overtly fat, but her tummy fat was a rare aspect of her physique that would draw the attention of most guys. Her shorts were nice and tight and possibly would have squeaked like her sneakers if they were made out of pleather. She pulled her arm from around Betty's neck and smiled like she had been pleasantly surprised when she first caught the sight of Darcie's big melons spilling out of her top and seeing the rest of the bigger tits on a few of her friends. Her own 38DD's felt alive and the nipples hardened as she noticed a slight twinge of friendly jealousy towards her bustier gal pals.
