 I am awakened by the impression that somebody is crawling into my bed. I open my eyes and see all four of them there: Belinda, Ann, Jo and Mats. They laugh and fool about in the large bed. All of them are naked. Belinda moves up to me and kisses me while trying to snuggle against me under my warm blanket.

"Mmmh, what a nice place to be," she says just before the others pull the blanket off the bed.

Ann moves up and lays down on my other side. She puts one leg across me and presses her cunt against my thigh.

"Good morning, Lars", she says and moves her hand across my belly down towards my cock. She grabs it and starts to fondle it. "Oh, what a nice firm cock you have this morning!"

Jo sits between my legs and starts to caress me everywhere she can reach. Ann lifts my cock so it points straight at Jo who bends down and starts sucking on the head.

Mats has placed himself on the other side of Belinda and squeezes her big breasts, while Belinda has her hand between his legs, stroking his cock, making it grow long and thick in her hand.

Ann unwinds my embrace again and sits up. "Shouldn't we lick his cock together," she asks Jo.

"Ah, you are so nice to me," I say. "But wait a second and let me sit up, so that I can better watch you and touch you."

I sit up against the wall and then Jo and Ann lie down with their heads in my lap. Belinda moves to sit by my left. I manage to put my arm around her back and can now reach her lap with my fingers. She turns a little and spreads her legs to ease my access. She is sitting right on the edge of the bed, and Mats moves over to stand beside her putting a foot up on the bed between her legs.

"Well... Might you be interested in feeling a warm wet mouth around your delicious cock?" asks Belinda and sends Mats a charming smile.

I slide one finger in between Belinda's soft cunt lips. Her cunt is wet inside and I press my finger as far in as I can get it. Belinda moans and squeezes my finger with her cunt muscles.

Belinda reaches for Mats' cock and pulls him close. She starts licking around the cock head while holding on his cock, moving her hand up and down the shaft. Mats thrusts forward to tempt her to take all his cock into her mouth but she evades his attempts teasingly.

I pull my finger out of Belinda's cunt and let it slide around her clitoris, now sticking out lasciviously, already smeared with cunt juices. Belinda moans again and Mats takes his chance to press his cock head entirely into her mouth. I kiss her on the chin and dab her clitoris while Mats starts to poke his cock back and forward in her mouth.

"You look really sexy," I say to Belinda and kiss her again.

I look down at Jo and Ann who have been taking turns sucking my cock. Right now Jo is sitting with her ass high in the air and licking long strokes up and down my cock. Meanwhile Ann is busy finger fucking Jo and herself. I take a firm grip around Jo's long black hair and she moans with lust. I pull her up to me and she sits across my lap, taking my cock in her hand and steering it up towards her cunt. She slides up and down a little until she plunges down, pressing my cock all the way up her cunt to her womb. She spreads her cunt lips with her fingers and starts stroking her clitoris with small soft caresses. I thrust my hips as much as I can manage and Jo responds by lifting herself a little and lowering herself back again.

I can hear that Mats is close to coming. He moans and looks pleasurably aroused. He thrusts wildly back and forward in Belinda's mouth, and Belinda strokes his cock eagerly with her hand while she sucks him.

"Let him squirt his sperm all over you, when he comes," I say while I continue to rub around Belinda's clitoris. "I really love to see your face covered with sperm."

"Oh, but I am coming now!" Mats groans. "Here it comes!"

Belinda lets Mats' cock slide out of her mouth but continues to stroke it slowly with her hand. "Oh yeah, I can feel you're coming now," she says. "Your cock grows so big, Mats. Come and cover me with your hot sperm!"

"Oooooohhhhhh, yeah....." Mats groans again. And then comes the first splash. A long squirt of semen flies from the tip of his cock and lands on Belinda's face. She opens her mouth and tries to aim, and the next squirt hits her lips and the next one lands on her tongue. Then she pulls him towards her and takes his throbbing cock into her mouth again while his semen runs down her chin dripping down to her breasts.

"Ahhhh, yeah.... I love you," Mats says with another moan, still coming inside her mouth. "You are a lovely, naughty girl..."

Jo and Ann have been staying motionsless and watching while Mats was coming. But now Ann moves over and sits to the right of me.

"Could you please finger my cunt while I masturbate," she asks and leans forward to let me move my free arm behind her back. Now I am sitting in the middle with Belinda on one side and Ann on the other side, while Jo is still riding my cock. I move my hand towards Ann's cunt and she spreads her legs to make it easier for me to reach her properly. I press two fingers up into her very moist cunt and start thrusting them back and forward. Ann uses one hand to spread her cunt lips as much as she can, and with the other hand she starts rubbing her clitoris.

Meanwhile Belinda has released Mats' cock and has carefully transferred the sperm with her fingers from her face and has smeared it unto her cunt instead. I move my hand away to make more room for her and start squeezing her large breasts instead. Some sperm have dripped down on one of them and I start to rub the nipple with the semen. Belinda rubs her cunt eagerly.

Mats crawls up on the bed and moves between my legs and sits behind Jo and reaches around her and grabs her breasts and starts fondling them. All three girls are now masturbating while Mats and I are touching their bodies. They are very aroused all of them and they are moaning heavily while they masturbate.

"I'll be coming already," Belinda suddenly says and rests her head back against my shoulder. "Oh, this is gooooood..... Yeeeeaaahhhh...." She puts three fingers up her cunt while rubbing cautiously around her clitoris, with a slow, gentle orgasm moving through her body.

"We love you, Belinda," I say. "We love to see you come."

I'm also feeling rather excited now. Jo is merrily fucking me and I can see my cock sliding in and out of her cunt while she masturbates, rubbing her clitoris, while Mats fondles her breasts. It looks extremely erotic and I can feel that I am on the verge of coming. But Jo can feel the same thing and she immediately sits down quitely with my cock throbbing wildly deep inside her cunt. She looks at me with a lewd smile.

"Oh you fuck me so great, Lars," she says, "Your big cock is pounding so wonderfully in my cunt... But you must not come yet, Lars. The other girls also have to get a chance to feel your big cock inside their cunts... But I can come now... Because you make me so excited... It makes me so excited when you are nearly coming.... That makes me come myself... Yeah... Now I come myself... My cunt is coming around your cock... Around your big, thick, long, lovely cock.... I'm commmmmmminnnnnng. Yeah... Yeah... Yes. Yes. Yes. Ahhhhrrrrr..."

Jo twists around wildly while coming and she doesn't manage to sit still on my cock at all. I can feel her orgasm thumb inside her cunt making it squeeze my cock rhythmically. Finally she falls towards me and I free my arm from behind Belinda and touch her down her back and her loin while she lies panting with her head against my breast.

After a while I notice that Ann hasn't come yet. She is masturbating along merrily and I restart my thrusting movements of my fingers inside her cunt. I find her sensitive point deep inside her cunt and rub it carefully. Jo reaches out and places a hand on one of Ann's breasts and Mats moves over and sits in front of her and start playing with his still half-erect cock.

"You are so good to me," Ann says. "I'll come in a second... Mats, may I suck your cock while I come?" she asks.

Mats nods and stands upright so that Ann can take his cock into her mouth. It's pretty hard again, and she just manages to have all of his cock head in her mouth. She licks his cock head with her tongue, while continuing to masturbate. And then she comes. 

"Mmmmmmm.... Mmmmmmm... Mmmmmmm..." she says, panting, with her mouth filled up with Mats' cock. I continue to rub her inner cunt walls and clearly feel the orgasmic contractions of her cunt. Ann lets go of Mats's cock and tries to say something, but Mats quickly takes hold of her head and forces his cock inside her mouth again. But Ann manages to break free.

"No Mats," she says. "You must fuck me now. Fuck me to make me come and come..."

Mats moves away and Ann slides down on her back beside me. Mats lays down over her and enter her in one deep thrust.

"Sooooo yeahhhh..... Yes, this is good.... Oh so gooooood.... I'm still coming.... Around your big cock... Sooooo goooood... Yes, so good...."

Mats is moving his cock slowly in and out of Ann's cunt while she continues to mumble how wonderful it feels to her.

"Come over here, Belinda," Jo says and moves away from my lap. "You'll also get to have a cock inside you."

Belinda sits down over me in the same way that Jo was sitting and lowers her cunt down over my big hard cock. I immediately start to move to get her to move up and down on my cock but she stays still.

"Jo, will you please masturbate while I fuck him," Belinda says. "I think I can come once more."

Jo positions herself behind Belinda and reaches around her body and spreads her cunt lips with one hand and starts rubbing her stiff little clitoris with her fingers on the other hand.

"Then I'm going to kiss you while I'm coming," she says with that low voice she always gets when she is extremely excited. She leans against me, takes my head between her hands and starts kissing me wetly and greedily.

There's not much room for Jo, but she rubs Belinda's clitoris as good as she can. And it doesn't take long...

Belinda is breathing heavily through her nose while she's kissing me, and suddenly she explodes in moans, kisses and hugs while she twists around wildly, coming on my hard cock.

I look at Ann, still being fucked by Mats. She holds onto his asscheeks and he moves back and forward quickly. Then he also comes.

"Yes... Come on, Mats...." Ann says and moves him into her embrace. "You squirt inside my cunt... I can feel it... You're such a lovely boy."

Mats lays down over Ann and Belinda lays down over me and everybody is quiet for a while.

"What about you, Lars," Jo asks. "You'd also like to come, wouldn't you...? Would you like to come inside a mouth or inside a cunt?"

"Oh yeah... I would also like to come... I think you should lick my cock and make me come and squirt all over the others... Would you do that?"

Belinda moves up and presses my down until I lie down on the bed. Then she places herself with her head on my belly, just above my cock. She kisses my cock briefly and nods against Jo. Jo sits down on her knees between my legs and grabs my cock and starts licking up and down the entire shaft of my cock. Ann and Mats moves over on my other side and lie down beside each other with their heads on my breast and belly. Mats puts his hand between Ann's legs and fondle her cunt absentmindedly while all three of them looks towards Jo and my cock. I put one hand on Ann's breast and the other on Belinda's breast. Belinda puts one hand over mine and another between her legs.

Jo takes my cock in her mouth and start sucking it heavily. She lets it slide quickly in and out of her mouth and she uses her tongue every time the cock is inside her mouth. As she feels my orgasm approaching she takes a little pause until she starts again. It only takes a short while before I'm on the verge of coming again and yet again Jo pauses. Then she only licks a few times before letting my cock out of her mouth, but she continues to lick on the underside of the cock head while still pressing around the shaft with her hand. And then I have the most powerful orgasm. Several large squirts of semen shoot from my throbbing cock and splash down over the faces of the others. And when the squirts gets smaller, Jo takes my cock back in her mouth sucking it carefully while the last sperm trickles out of it.

I see Ann gathering the sperm from her own face and the other's faces licking it from her fingers. I lean back, breathing hard and slow, feeling the orgasm fade into a deep satisfaction.

"I love you," I say.