 I love having sex in the morning. Waking up, spooning with my wife, my cock pressed firmly between her ass cheeks. Damn, what a great ass she has. 

When my wife & I started dating, she wasn’t known for being a prude school girl. In fact, she had slept with several guys by the time we met. She’s a hot little woman, standing 5 ft 5 inches, 36c breasts and a curvy body. She’s not one of those sickly looking anorexic skinny girls you see on TV all the time. She weighs 140 lbs with a little meat in all the right places. Damn good for having 2 kids. She has long brown hair that reached down to the middle of her back, with blond highlights in it. 

I’m 6 ft 3 inches tall, 200 lbs. I’m not terribly out of shape, but not a jogger either. I have short blond hair. My wife thinks that I look at little like Charlie Sheen. Whatever. 

Although my wife wasn’t a virgin when we met, she had never been fucked in the ass. I didn’t know this until a hot evening of fooling around led to the first time she had taken it between those tight cheeks and my first for giving it. My ex-wife would never let me do it, and it wasn’t for a lack of trying. 

She moaned and fucked like a wild woman that night and later told me it was her first ass fuck, and she loved it. Which was a damn good thing. Because after that, I don’t think I could live without it. I’m definitely an ass man. Realizing that I was her first ass fuck, pushed away the disappointment that I wasn’t the one to pop her cherry. 

My wife & I are very open with each other sexually, discussing our fantasies and how we best like to make love to each other. My wife has always been a little bi-curious. The bi-curious discussion was still new to our relationship and it made me hornier than hell, imagining her & I with another woman. It started out with comments like “Well, I’d let a woman go down on me, but I’m not sure I could return the favor.” But by the hungry look in her eye, I knew better. 

One night while fooling around, I started up a conversation along those lines and talked dirty to her, bringing her to a healthy orgasm. I had her bent over doggy style. We had been at it for an hour, both of us swetting like dogs in heat. I could see the red marks on her ass from spanking it as I fucked her. 

“Does that feel good?” I asked. 

“God, yes!” she cooed. 

“Wouldn’t it feel good to have another woman licking your little pussy right now?”

She paused, breathing heavily. “Oh, YES!”

She came so intensely that we had to change the sheets afterwards. We layed in bed and talked about it a little. She didn’t picture anyone in particular that she would want to do it with, it was just the act of doing so. I had never been so hard, despite coming and shooting a huge load in her pussy. 

As time went on the next few months, I played it for all it was worth. We didn’t have any kids yet and enjoyed the freedom to fuck whenever we wanted to. 

When we got naked a day or two later, I asked her the same question and pushed for more. She was on her back, laying at the edge of the bed with me standing over her, pounding her sweet pussy for all it could handle. I had just finished eating her and my face was dripping wet. She was moaning and screaming loudly, telling me to fuck her harder. 

“Oh yes, fuck my pussy. Fuck her harder” she said. We always refer to her pussy as ‘her woman’, and I like it.

“Oh yeah, you like that? God I love to fuck you. I think the only thing that could make this better would be watching you eat a pussy while I fuck your ass.” I leaned down and we shared a hungry kiss. She licked her pussy juices from off of my lips. 

“God you tasted good babe. Doesn’t your pussy taste good?” I asked. 

“Ahhhhh! God, YES! I wish I had a pussy to eat!!!” she moaned lustily, almost pouting.  

I shot my load right there. Damn that made me hot. 

As time went on, we talked about it less, only bringing the fantasy up on occasion. Particularly when we would watch porn together while having sex. It gets us both sexually super-charged. We both like to watch women doing each other.

Recently my wife has taken a real liking to watching a video in particular, showing one woman fucking another in the ass with a dildo. She likes to watch when the participants really look like they are in sexual heaven. A look of pleasure that makes you want to fuck all night long.

*************************************************

One morning I crawled into bed after being up for a while, my wife still sleeping. I started kissing her neck, my lips & fingers wondering their way down to her soft ass & thighs. I whispered in her ear, telling her how hard my cock was. My breath on her cheek woke her up with a sly smile. 

She turns, facing me now. 

We kiss, exchanging tongues and rubbing our bodies against one another. The rubbing turns to a slight humping as her mood grew into a lusty desire. Leaning back, I let her take over. She slowly slid her body over mine, moving her way down to my hard cock. Kissing my chest and stomach along her trail. She starts to massage the head with her tongue, touching every square inch with her mouth. I can feel the heat from her pussy, wet as it moves up & down my leg. She takes me to the brink, sensing I’m about to cum and moves away. 

She moves up to my chest, her legs spread wide open and smothers my face forcefully with her tasty snatch. God, she tastes so good. I grab her ass and move her with my hands; I lick the length of her woman. I start at the bottom, at her ass, and move up to her clit, stopping just short of it. I do this again & again, her waist wiggling from side to side. My nose bumps against her firm bud and she moans like an animal in heat. Her hips begin to gyrate and are moving faster now. She sits up and rides my face, humping her pussy against my mouth and nose. I push my tongue as far into her wet, juicy pussy as I can and she grunts in a lusty tone.  I flip her onto her back, grab the handcuffs I have stashed under the pillow and snap her to the head board. She smiles and giggles in delight, showing a curious smile. She likes it rough once in a while. I pull out a small, soft whip and a vibrator with a curved tip and her eyes get wide with anxiety. 

"You're gonna love this babe, this tight little ass is mine" I whisper. 

I push my face into her pussy and slowly move my tongue to her ass, licking and probing it with my tongue. She moans. I slowly penetrate her ass with her favorite toy and go to town on her pussy, eating it like a mad man. She arches her back; her eyes closed and mouth gaping open with desire. 

“God that feels good. Mmmmm……” she sighs. 

"Do you like the way that feels?"

"God, yes...." she gasps. 

I reach the remote with my free hand and click on her favorite porn DVD. I’ve already marked it to start where she likes to watch the women take turns fucking each other ub the ass. 

She can hear the sound of another woman moaning with pleasure, and she looks up to see I have turned it on. The look of lust and desire on the woman's face as she's fucked in the ass by a beautiful woman with big tits is almost enough to throw her into an orgasm. 

My hands are moving all over her body and I can tell she’s tingling in each place I touch. I push the vibrator into her ass a little further and leave it there, vibrating away. My hands gently, but firmly, knead her ass cheeks. I can tell that this feels so good to her, as she lifts her ass, calling me to please it. 

I pull out the vibrator, slide up and move my cock slowly into her wet rose bud, her ass gripping my dick as I enter. With each soft thrust, I gently move into her a little deeper. She moans softly as it makes its way into that spot that she so craves. Each stroke pushes against the tip of the inside of her tight little butt. As I press, her ass cheeks smash against my waist and I watch them slightly jiggle as I fuck her. 

I can feel my balls slapping her pussy as I do. She pulls the release levers on her handcuffs and escapes them. Her fingers quickly go to her pussy as she listens to the moaning woman on the DVD. If feels so good. The combination of my dick in her ass and her fingers rubbing her clit take her right to the edge, but it's just not enough. She needs something more. 

“Enough. I want you to fuck my pussy” she says. Her eyes stare into mine with intensity and a look that tells me she will get what she wants and nothing less. 

I pull out; I'm coated with her wetness. I take a moment to wash off and then quickly pull her to the edge of the bed. I plunge my dick inside her sopping wet pussy and fuck her harder than any time I can remember. My cock hits the tingly, explosive parts of her pussy over & over. Harder & harder. 

"OH GOD, YES! FUCK ME, FUCK THAT PUSSY. SHE WANTS YOU SO MUCH!” she screams. I continue to fuck her harder and I can tell she will soon explode. 

“God, that fast & hard pounding feels as good as my hardest orgasm!” she says, almost in disbelief at the level of her pleasure. She had shaved her pussy the night before, allowing me to look deeply into her pussy each time I pull out, before re-entering. 

I flip her over onto her tummy & push her up farther onto the bed. 

"I have a surprise for you", I whisper into her ear. "Don't touch your pussy while I'm fucking you now. I'll take care of it."

She seems quite curious about my plan, but is pleased just be fucked hard again. I slide my cock back inside her. Her pussy is a bit tighter than a moment before, but still very wet. I begin my rhythm once again, pounding her pussy with all my might. I can feel my cock hitting the top of her canal, my balls slapping against her with force. 

"Oh, babe, yes. DON'T STOP" she coo’s. 

The ecstasy is almost more than she can bear. She closes her eyes and concentrates on the burning lust she’s feeling with every stroke. She rises to her knees, pushing her ass against me to meet my thrusts.

As I fuck her, she has the sensation of what feels like my wet finger rubbing your pussy, doing so just right without losing the momentum of the rhythm of my cock pounding. Now she’s ready to climax, pushing her ass towards me even harder to meet my dick as it throttles her wet, hot cunt. 

She feels her orgasm boiling up and I know now that nothing can stop it. 

“Ooooh, yes! Yes! Here it is! I’m going to come soon!” she yells. 

She listens to what sounds like the woman on the video moaning with pleasure. 

“Oh fuck, don’t stop. I’m cuuuuummming!”

Just as her orgasm is about to hit, she opens her eyes and looks down between her legs, realizing that a beautiful naked woman is licking her pussy. It wasn't me fingering her at all. She watches in dis-belief as this mystery woman's tongue is working her clit just right, licking up & down the length of her pussy. Her orgasm explodes and I can tell that her thoughts of this woman eating her pussy are clouding her mind as she is overtaken by this intense experience. She shakes & convulses with the most powerful orgasm of her life, as I cum a barrel inside of her. Her pussy tightens and milks my cock for all it’s worth, as she continues to gyrate her pussy forward and back, pulling it like an udder. 

I felt like I was having an out of body experience as I watched my wife & I cum, while this woman I had invited over from work for a threesome, sucked on my wife’s clit into a sexual pleasuredome. . 

My wife’s legs finally weakened and I pulled out and as she flopped onto the bed. For the first time she took a good look at this lovely woman who had just sent her into orgasmic outer space. My wife looked amusingly confused with a dizzy stare, her eyes seemingly penetrating this woman’s large, firm breasts, nipples and clean shaven pussy.

My wife looked up at me in amazement. Slowly, a sly, lustful grin came across her face and she stared into my eyes. Her eyes then darted to this sexy stranger. 

“My god, you are a sexy woman” the woman said. “You tasted sooooo good!”

My wife’s smile widened. Her eyes darted between the two of us. 

“Where’s my dildo?” she asked. 

I knew exactly what she was thinking………………