 This is a true story. I have a number of experiences that I have been dying to share, so I figured I would start writing it down. Unimportant details have been changed to protect myself and those I care about, but the important stuff is true. Enjoy... 

Summer 2012

I spent the last few weeks of my 21st summer visiting my girlfriend, Cassandra, and her two housemates. Cassandra and I had been together for a few years, and we were more comfortable around each other than I think most couples ever get. She had known for a while about my interest in threesomes (Not much of an original fetish to have, I know, but its mine, and I like it) and she had been more than receptive. We had our first threesome together the summer before with a girl she met at her internship. We parted ways with that girl, though, at the end of that summer.

Earlier in this summer, Cassandra told me that her roommate had confided to her that she was bisexual, though completely inexperienced with girls. With my permission (and suggestion), Cassandra gave Alison her very first sexual experience with another woman. This was towards the beginning of the summer. As the summer progressed, Cassandra and Alison continued with their fun, and I was thrilled. Unfortunately though, my summer work was about a five hour drive from Cassandra's, and I was only able to visit every once in a while. One weekend in the middle of the summer though, after the three of us had spent the evening drinking, we ended up in bed together. That story will have to wait for another day, though. Now that I have told you this much, I can get to the story I am trying to tell.

So, at the end of the summer, I had a few weeks between the end of my job and the beginning of a new semester. I packed everything I owned into my car and set off for Cassandra's house. I was looking forward getting there, especially given the threesome that had happened just a few weeks before. Suffice to say, for most of the drive I was preoccupied by the pain of an urgent erection being constricted by my jeans.

When I arrived, I parked in front of the house. At the sound of the car door shutting behind me, I heard a familiar squeal of happiness, followed by the sight and sound of the front door banging open. Cassandra charged down the steps at me and ran into me full-force, all but tackling me in her embrace. She looked up at me with huge brown eyes.

"You're here! I'm so happy you're here!"

I had to take a second to regain my breath. For a girl of 4'11" and 110 pounds, Cassandra had incredible power when it came to hugs. I tried to look at her, but she was pressed so hard against my chest, all I could see was her long, brown hair. "Of course I am, Cassandra. Where else would I go?" Cassandra just smiled up at me in response, giving me one last big squeeze.

When we walked into the house, I saw both roommates on the couch, watching TV. Alison looked up first.

"Hey, Christopher!" she said, showing her top row of perfect teeth with a bright smile. Try as I might, though, I couldn't discern anything suggestive about her manner. She seemed friendly and that was all. I imagined part of the reason for this was the other roommate, who had just pulled his attention away from the TV to say hello.

His name was Dom, and he was an ok guy. I had very little in common with him, but we could get along. I had no earthly clue how he had gotten a summer position at the same company as Cassandra and Alison. The man lived to party. His idol was Pitbull, and it was clear from the moment I met him that he considered himself quite the "pimp" for having two beautiful girls as roommates. Cassandra and Alison thought he was funny and cute, I thought he was irritating, but harmless. We all knew though, that if he were ever to find out that Cassandra and Alison were not only bisexual, but actively bisexual with one another, that they would never hear the end of it and he would never be able to keep it to himself. He was therefore kept systematically out of the loop. The girls never hooked up unless they were sure he was either away or asleep, and they never gave any hint to their special relationship while he was around.

We spent the evening watching a movie, after which Dom and Alison retired to bed, and Cassandra took my hand in hers and led me to her room.

The moment the door was closed, she wrapped her arms around my waist, stood on her toes, and kissed me hard. Her tongue snaked out to touch my own and her hand slid up my back under my shirt. As she pulled her body against mine, I could feel her breasts pushed into my torso, her crotch grinding against my leg. After weeks of forced celibacy, I couldn't take the teasing. I pushed her away from me, took my shirt off, kissed her once more, and then began to strip her of her clothes.

She put her arms up to help as I pulled her t-shirt over her head, exposing her stomach, made flat and hard by countless hours spent running, and her sky-blue bra. I took this off next, and took in the site of her exposed breasts. They were small, too big for an A cup, but not quite big enough to fill out a B, and they were perfect. They pushed out from her chest beautifully. The tops looked like a ski jump that started at her collarbone, and underneath, they were perfectly round and smooth, without even the slightest fold or wrinkle. Her nipples were dark and perfectly round, with areolas about the size of dollar coins. Cassandra watched me silently as I reached out to touch them, squirming slightly when my thumb brushed over her left nipple. She bit her lower lip as she enjoyed the familiar feel of my caress.

I couldn't wait long though, because I ached for what was to come, and Cassandra made it worse by reaching out and stroking the bulge in my jeans with her fingertips. I pushed her hand away for the moment, unbuttoned her jeans, and kneeled down to pull them off of her hips. As they slid down, they revealed a thong. The waistband was red with little white polka dots and the rest was black. Her pelvis was smooth, and I smiled thinking about how she must have shaved just a few hours before to prepare for my arrival. I turned her hips with my hand and she responded by turning her body around to let me take in the view of her ass. I noted with pleasure that she still remembered what I had taught her when she arched her back and pointed her toes slightly inward to show off her form.

Cassandra had an ass that was impossible to forget. First off, it was big. On its own, this would be something, but compared to her tiny frame, it was amazing. I don't know how to describe it other than to say that she is the only white girl I have met with the proportions of a black porn star. It was smooth and soft, and drew second looks from just about everyone who saw it. She was teased mercilessly for it as a child, but now, as a woman, it was enough to make me -- and every other guy she knew -- horny just by seeing it through her jeans. 

I pushed her ass cheeks up with the ends of my fingers and watched them bounce when I let go, then I stood up and pulled her back by her hips until her ass was pushed right against my crotch. She looked back and smiled as she gave it a little wiggle and I groaned with desire. At that, she took her turn to be in charge. She turned around and dropped to her knees in front of me. Her tongue poked out a bit from the side of her mouth as she struggled for a moment to unbutton the top button of my jeans, then, in one quick motion, she pulled my jeans and boxers together down to my ankles. Finally, my pulsing cock was allowed to spring out in front of me. Cassandra giggled and gave the head a quick kiss.

"Is this for me?" she asked, looking up into my eyes. I smiled down at her and opened my mouth to answer, but she didn't wait. She licked the underside of my cock from the base to the head, and then set to work coating the whole thing in her saliva. I closed my eyes to better feel the sensations of her small, wet tongue working its way over my shaft, then her lips as she slid her open mouth up and down each side.

Then, she pulled away and said quietly, "Go lie down on the bed." I heeded her directions and she followed me there, taking her place between my knees. She planted her hands on either side of my waist, opened her mouth, and took my entire cock down until her nose was pressed against my skin. She held it there for a moment, and I moaned at the combination of the feeling and the sight of it. She suppressed a gag and he whole body shuddered, then she slowly lifted her head up, and I watched my cock reemerge, dripping with saliva, from between her lips. She looked directly into my eyes again, "I want you inside me now."

I was eager to comply, and I sat up as she lay back onto the bed, spreading her legs apart to give me access to her smooth, bald pussy. I knelt between her legs and pressed my cock against her pussy lips and rubbed it up and down, feeling their heat and wetness. She moaned.

"Stop teasing..."

"Are you ready?" I asked.

"Yes."

I pushed slowly into her until the head of my cock was enveloped, I held still for a moment, and as she opened her mouth to ask for more, I put my hand over her mouth and sunk my entire length into her at once. She shrieked into my hand. Once she was quiet, I uncovered her mouth.

"Oh, God," she said. "I've missed this."

I gave her a few seconds to recover, and then started to rotate my hips back and forth. My cock slid in and out of her while our bodies stayed pressed together. I pushed my pelvis against her clit with every movement, and her moans began to sound more urgent. As orgasm took her, her eyes and mouth opened wide and her moaning stopped. She writhed under me and I felt her pussy tense and relax over and over again. After going so long without, this pushed me over the edge. My muscles seized up and I felt my cum empty deep inside my girlfriend's pussy. I collapsed on top of her and rolled onto my back. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest and throat. 

Cassandra curled up against me, her eyes already closed. "Thank you," she said, as she nuzzled against my chest.

"I love you, Cassandra," I replied, but she was already asleep. I pulled the blanket over the both of us and I too fell asleep within minutes.

The next morning, a Saturday, I awoke to find myself alone in bed. After enjoying the warmth of being under the covers for a while, I dragged myself out of bed, pulled on a pair of flannel pajama pants, and stumbled out into the living room. Cassandra and Alison were in the kitchen, talking and laughing while they made pancakes together. Alison was the first to notice me when I sat down on the couch.

"Oh hey, Christopher! Good morning! We thought you were going to sleep all day." She was dressed for running, in a white tank top and black spandex shorts. Her blonde hair was messy from working out, and her shirt stuck to her body, which was still shiny with sweat.

Cassandra was quick to add her own innocent enthusiasm. "Morning! We are making pancakes!" She had also clearly been running, and her hair was still tied up in a ponytail. Her face still had a hint of redness, and the muscles in her legs were toned and hard. "Dom went home for the weekend, so we don't have to listen to his music all day!"

I hadn't yet placed what seemed different, but that was it. Normally, when I stayed with Cassandra that summer, I had lived alongside Dom's music. He played party music every moment he was awake, and loudly. The current quiet was unusual and, once I recognized it, I appreciated it very much.

I thankfully ate breakfast with the girls and they talked about how they wanted to spend the rest of the day. They eventually arrived on baking cookies and, after we had all eaten our fill, I moved back to the couch to read and they busied themselves in preparing to bake. It was strange to watch them together. They interacted like friends; very close friends, but no more. I would never have suspected that there was anything more between them ...had I not been shown otherwise.

At around noon I figured I should get myself together, so I hauled myself off the couch and headed for the shower. After showering, I was drying off when the door opened and Cassandra came in to say hello. 

"Are you having a good morning?" she asked.

"I'm having a great morning. Although I can think of one thing that would make it better..." For some reason, even though it was no secret, bringing up the topic still brought out a bit of shyness in me.

Cassandra gave me a look that I couldn't quite read. "Of course there is... I'll ask Alison later." Then she left, leaving me to get dressed alone. I dressed myself and moved to Cassandra's room, where I returned to my book and tried to put sex out of my mind.

I was interrupted again by Cassandra opening the door. When she came in though, she was followed by Alison. My breath caught in my throat when I managed to put together what was going on.

Alison glanced at me -- her eyes were blue in a way I had never seen, they had the light hue of the sky, without even a hint of any other color -- then she pushed Cassandra against the wall and kissed her fiercely. I watched while Alison used my girlfriend as the object of her intense desire. Her whole body betrayed her arousal. I could see her hands tremble as she pulled Cassandra's shirt off, then pulled off her own, and she let out a soft moan when she pressed her near naked torso against Cassandra's. I don't think I have ever seen a person so turned on in my life. I considered myself that Alison found me attractive, but it was very clear that, from her perspective, I had nothing on Cassandra. This show wasn't for my benefit, it was for hers. She tore Cassandra's clothes off, and then her own, with desperate effort. She then threw herself into the task of burying her senses in her gorgeous lover. Her mouth dropped to Cassandra's nipples, her right arm wrapped around the outside of Cassandra's leg and ended with her fingertips brushing the lips of Cassandra's shaved pussy. Her left hand was at her own clit, and her legs were spread awkwardly and trembling, trying to hold her in the position she was in. This was a girl on fire with lust, who didn't even notice that I was there watching anymore.

Cassandra was taken aback by the sudden and overwhelming onslaught. She seemed to be surprised to see Alison tonguing her nipples, one then the other, but she quickly caught up. She put her hands on Alison's shoulder and took in the feelings for a bit, then gently pushed the girl up from under her arms until they were both staring at one another. Cassandra grabbed Alison's ass with both hands and pulled her in for a kiss. Alison's ass was smaller, and had the same fair shade as her skin. Cassandra gripped it tightly and I could see her skin turn pink under the fingers. They explored each other's bodies with their hands while they kissed, and then Cassandra pulled away and glanced over at me, still lying on the bed, fully clothed, though I had long ago tossed my book aside.

"I think we are forgetting somebody"

Alison looked over to me as well. She had an apologetic expression on her face. "Oh yeah. Sorry, Christopher, I got carried away."

I laughed. "Don't apologize. You girls can do anything you want, and I will be happy."

The two naked girls walked over and lay down on the bed with me. Cassandra kissed me, and then pushed Alison down onto her back between us, so that her entire front was exposed. Alison's breasts were smaller than Cassandra's, but equally beautiful. They were pointed, and her light brown nipples protruded from the end like they were begging for attention. While Cassandra kissed her, I sucked one of her nipples into my mouth, rolling my tongue over it. She was incredibly responsive, but she didn't squirm. Instead, she moaned into Cassandra's mouth and arched her back, trying to push her chest harder into my mouth. My hand found its way between her legs and was met with incredible wetness. The girl produced juices like a water fountain, and my hand was immediately covered in them. I rubbed my fingers across her pussy lips until the end of my middle finger met with the button of her clit. She gasped when I touched it, and when I started to rub it up and down, she closed her eyes and bucked her hips into my fingers.

At this, I couldn't help myself. I moved until I was between her knees, and spread her legs apart to expose her pussy. She was shaved as well, and had the most beautiful pussy that I have ever seen. Normally, I don't get much out of looking at a pussy, but Alison was somehow different. Her pubic mound was accentuated, pushing out from her pelvis like a tiny hill on her body. Her lips were pink and smooth and small. They opened a little bit towards the bottom, giving a slight hint of what they hid. Mostly though, it was beyond description, but it was the center of her sexuality, and a picture of it still sometimes sneaks into my head when I close my eyes.

I took a moment just to look, and then brought my face to it. Cassandra had moved to Alison's chest at this point, and I could hear Alison's moans while I ate her out. My hand found Cassandra's foot, and I slid it up the back of her leg to grasp her ass, then I pushed two fingers into her tight pussy and pressed my thumb against her clit. She squirmed at the feeling, but then she, too began to moan while she sucked and licked at Alison's chest.

We kept this up for a while, and Alison came over and over and the hands of me and my girlfriend, then she and Cassandra switched places and I had the chance to taste my girlfriends perfect pussy while I pushed my fingers in and out of Alison's. Then, Alison looked back at me.

"I think it's your turn," she said. Cassandra agreed and sat up to make space. I lay down on my back between them and they pressed themselves against me from either side. Alison was on my left, and her left hand reached down and she wrapped her fingers around my cock. Cassandra's right hand found my balls and she cupped and rubbed them while Alison jerked me. I made out with Cassandra, and I could feel Alison kissing my chest and neck, then I turned my head to Alison and she thrust her tongue in my mouth, kissing me wetly while she jerked my cock with abandon.

Then she pulled away and crawled down between my legs. Cassandra moved her hand off my balls to my chest, and Alison replaced Cassandra's hand with her own. She then sunk her lips over the head of my cock and began bobbing it up and down. She could only make it down about halfway, so she used her free hand to grasp it at the base. I was lying on my back, my right hand was holding Cassandra's ass while Cassandra kissed my neck and rubbed her hand across my chest. My left hand was holding Alison's hair back while I watched her suck my cock and fondle my balls.

When I felt myself approaching orgasm, Cassandra felt it too. She picked her head up and reached her hand out to Alison. "Tag me in!"

Alison released my pulsing cock from her mouth and giggled. She tagged Cassandra's hand and they quickly switched places. The short break had given me some relief and I was still a little ways from cumming. Cassandra wrapped her lips around my cock and took it deep into her throat for as long as she could stand. She then let some out, and started bobbing up and down rhythmically.

Alison went back to lustfully attacking my mouth with her own. I reached down to cup her ass, and my middle finger pushed against her asshole. She looked at me with surprise, and then lust, before planting her mouth against mine again. I took this as a yes, and slowly pushed my finger into her tight ass. She took her mouth off mine and moaned, then started to grind her crotch into my leg and kiss my chest. It didn't take long for the combination of this and my fingering her asshole to bring her to another orgasm. I felt her clamp hard down on my finger, and she yelled out, "Oh, oh my God!" and then silenced herself by pushing her mouth back against mine while she bucked and groaned.
