 Rachel let out a quiet sigh of contentment as she slipped into the hot tub. She settled comfortably onto the built-in seat and watched as Steve stepped down into the tub alongside her. She kept her eyes on him as he poured a glass of wine from the bottle she had placed nearby. The sound of wine flowing mixed with the sound of the steaming water still running from the tap. She admired Steve's body as he poured a second glass; it was firm and well-toned, the shape of the underlying muscle highlighted by the early evening shadows. As he turned towards her, her gaze wandered across his face, taking in a neatly trimmed goatee and a handsome face framed by short, dark hair. But what she noticed most of all was his eyes, their usual brown appearing almost black in the diminishing light.

"There you go hun." Steve's voice broke through Rachel's pleasant daydream. He held forth a glass, which she took, her fingers lightly brushing his. She murmured her thanks as they touched glasses, then slowly drank, the slight chill of the wine contrasting with the heat of the tub.

"Isn't this great?" She asked.

"It sure is." Steve replied, adding "I'm glad you thought of it," as he leaned back against the edge.

As they sipped their wine and chatted about the day Steve's eyes moved over Rachel's body. She had brown, shoulder-length hair, and hazel eyes, green flecked in a way invisible until the light caught them. Her lips were full and sensual, and her skin was lightly freckled in a way she didn't like, but which he found quite fetching. He remembered how soft and smooth her skin was to touch, and the feel of her body's curves under his fingers...

"What time do you think she'll arrive?"

"Mmm..." Steve's mind took a moment to catch up, "Oh! Jennifer. I s'pose she'll get here soon." He said, thinking back to the final e-mail he had received, the one confirming the liaison they had arranged for tonight.

Before either of them could say anything further the sound of knocking came from the front door of the motel unit.

"Ah!" exclaimed Rachel, "That must be her; I'll go let her in." As she got out of the tub Steve flashed her a grin and turned to fill a third glass, topping up the others when he was done.

Rachel finished wrapping a robe around her bikini clad figure just as she arrived at the door. She opened it and greeted the dark-haired young woman standing outside: "Hi, you must be Jennifer." The woman nodded and Rachel continued, "Nice to meet you, please come in." She ushered Jennifer through the door saying, "We were just wondering when you'd get here. Come out the back and meet Steve."

"O.K. Sure." Jennifer replied.

They walked through a short hallway, passing the bathroom on the right, before they came to the bedroom and the sliding door into the rear walled courtyard.

Steve looked up as the door slid open. Rachel spoke, "Steve this is Jennifer."

"Nice to meet you Jennifer." He said pressing her pro-offered hand between his.

"It's nice to meet you both too," replied Jennifer, "I've been looking forward to it."

"Great. Why don't you get changed and join us?" said Steve.

"Good idea." said Rachel, "I'll show you the bathroom if you like."

"O.K," came the response, "That tub looks wonderful."

After Jennifer had changed they all settled into the tub. Jennifer accepted a glass of wine and they chatted; Rachel seated to Jennifer's left, Steve on her right side. The girls did most of the talking and with Steve keeping the glasses filled any nervousness soon disappeared. By the time the three had polished off most of the second bottle the girl's conversation had become quite animated; they leaned closer together and giggled at each other's stories. By contrast Steve was relaxing quietly to one side, enjoying the heat, the wine, and the sight of the two partially clad women. He idly compared the two: the wine and warmth had loosened them both up, though Jennifer was still the quieter and more submissive of the pair. They were both pretty and of average height, but Jennifer's figure was slight compared with Rachel's fuller breasts and hips, and her hair was cut much shorter in an almost boyish style.

He noticed Jennifer rubbing her neck with her free hand - "Have you got a stiff neck Jennifer?"

"Yeh," she replied, "and my shoulders are kinda tight too."

"Would you like me to loosen them up for you?" offered Rachel.

"Yeh, that'd be lovely." replied Jennifer.

Rachel moved closer to her and put a hand on her shoulder turning her to face Steve. Jennifer shifted slightly and grimaced as Rachel's hands began to work at her shoulders, but soon her eyes were half closed with pleasure as the tension in her shoulders dissipated. She was so relaxed that it took her a moment to notice when Rachel undid the knot behind her neck which held her bikini in place. As Rachel's fingers continued to gently massage their way up her neck, her top slipped off exposing her breasts to Steve's view. Startled Jennifer's eyes flew open and she blushed. Noticing her embarrassment Steve said, "Relax Jennifer, you don't have to be shy, you have gorgeous tits."

"Thank you." she responded, smiling slightly but avoiding eye contact.

"I'll join you." Rachel offered, removing her top, "That way you won't feel like you're by yourself."

"I guess not." said Jennifer, laughing.

Rachel resumed massaging, slowly moving her hands back down Jennifer's neck and across her shoulders, until her hands were moving over Jennifer's collarbones and the upper slopes of her breasts. With a sigh she leant back slightly, resting her body against Rachel's. Rachel slid her hands lower, tracing the outer curve of Jennifer's bust and gently cupping a breast in each hand. She began to kiss Jennifer's neck while her fingers deftly stroked her tits. Watching intently, Steve could feel his cock stirring in his pants. He slid over to the girls and began to nuzzle Jennifer's neck, moving his lips and tongue lower and lower, tracing circles across her wet skin. His mouth arrived at her breast and he gently licked the water beads from her nipple. A shudder of delight ran through her body and her breath caught momentarily.

"Hmm," said Rachel, "This is getting interesting. Shall we move somewhere more comfortable?"

"Sounds good." replied Steve, releasing Jennifer's nipple and reaching for his towel.

Gathering their things they all moved inside and began to dry off, taking the opportunity to remove any remaining clothing. Rachel lost no time in slipping a finger inside Jennifer's moist pussy, using her thumb to lightly massage her clit. Steve watched as they began to kiss; Jennifer responded urgently to the expert motion of Rachel's hand, kissing her passionately. As he looked, his cock grew harder than it had ever been, the skin stretched taut and sensitive, and a tiny drop of pre-cum glistened at the tip. After a few moments, Rachel disengaged from the kiss and directed Jennifer to her knees in front of Steve, saying "I want to watch you suck his cock."

Jennifer did as she was bidden, obediently licking his shaft before taking the swollen head between her lips. Rachel watched her work, her tits swinging slightly as her mouth moved back and forth on Steve's dick. She stepped closer to him, pressing her breasts against him as she kissed his neck and chest. He sighed with pleasure and ran a hand down her back to stroke and squeeze her ass. The sound of Jennifer pleasuring Steve fanned the heat between Rachel's thighs; she moaned loudly and pressed her mound against him as his fingers reached under her ass to stroke her wet pussy. She broke away from his touch to kneel beside Jennifer. Her tongue snaked forth to tease his sack and she sucked his balls into her mouth. Steve struggled to keep from cumming as the girls pleasured him in unison, when they both began to lick and suck his shaft he almost lost his load. As it was when he pulled away a spurt of cum landed on Rachel's tits. As he regained control Rachel motioned to Jennifer. Understanding instinctively what Rachel wanted; Jennifer moved to lick the trickle of cum from her breasts. Steve watched as the girls made themselves comfortable on the bed. Jennifer continued to happily lick and fondle Rachel's tits. She continued to move her tongue down Rachel's body, leaving a wet trail as she inched lower and lower. Steve could clearly hear Rachel's gasps as he positioned himself near her head, she moaned loudly as Jennifer's tongue reached her soaking pussy. She smiled up at him as she tongued lazily at the engorged head of his cock. Steve allowed a moan to escape as he felt the soft stroke of her fingers as she caressed his balls, and the touch of her waiting lips. He gazed at Jennifer, kneeling between Rachel's legs, her tongue teasing her cunt while her fingers worked busily between her own legs. He listened to the sounds of their steamy sex; their mingled grunts and moans, Jennifer's fingers rubbing frantically at her clit, her tongue probing Rachel's pussy, and his own dick, covered in Rachel's saliva, moving in and out of her hot mouth. He removed his cock from Rachel's mouth and bent to kiss her, trailing down to her breasts. He stroked a breast with one hand and used his teeth on the other nipple, causing a squeal of delight. Rachel looked on as he moved again, taking up position behind Jennifer. She watched as he took his cock in hand and rubbed it up and down Jennifer's cunt, making sure it was well lubricated before he slid in inside. Jennifer gasped as the penetration pushed her forward, momentarily disturbing her licking. She thrust her ass back and wrapped an arm around Rachel's thigh to keep her in place and she tongued and finger Rachel's sopping pussy. Watching while Steve fucked Jennifer doggie-style, combined with the way Jennifer was eating her cunt was bringing Rachel very close to her climax. Try as she might to keep it in check, her orgasm kept building and building. Her hands firmly pushed Jennifer's face into her pussy and she arched her back pressing her clit harder against Jennifer's tongue. Her breath came in ragged gasps as she watched her boyfriend fucking another woman. Finally she was unable to resist any longer and the rush of her orgasm overtook her.

"Oooh! Yes, yes, yes!" she cried, "Fuck her baby! Aaah yeh, lick my pussy like that! I'm fuckin' cumming." Her hips bucked frantically as her orgasm washed over her, the motion slowly subsiding as the intensity was spent.

Jennifer had clung tightly to Rachel's thighs, tongue firmly planted on her clit while she came. Now, as Rachel changed position to lie alongside her, she concentrated on the hard cock filling her pussy from behind. The Steve's dick was sliding rhythmically inside her, she could feel his thighs driving against her ass, his balls swinging to touch her pussy. She felt Rachel reach between her legs and start to massage her clit, she felt her other hand pinch and twist one of her nipples. She groaned as a thrust when especially deep.

"Harder." she gasped, beginning to lose control. Steve grunted as he thrust into her more vigorously.

"Oh! Fuck yeh!" she cried, "Just like that."

The feeling of Steve's dick slamming into her from behind, and Rachel's fingers working at her tits and clit drove her over the edge. Her pussy started to spasm, clenching tightly around Steve's cock while she yelled with pleasure. The feel of her pussy squeezing tightly around him was all Steve could handle. He grabbed Jennifer's hips tight and thrust as deeply as he could, over and over, while she moaned and gasped, until finally he could take no more and pulled out shooting hot, sticky cum across Jennifer's ass and Rachel's tits and stomach.

Jennifer lay on her face, spent, while Rachel moved to where Steve knelt, his cock still twitching slightly, and took it in her mouth, cleaning the cum from his shaft.

"Mmm," she said, "that was amazing!"

"Uh-huh." Steve said, nodding his head, barely able to speak.

"Awesome." agreed Jennifer.

"I think we could all use a shower." said Rachel.

"Well, that was a bit dirty." replied Jennifer, and they all fell about laughing.