 I waved as Amy's Mini turned the corner out of sight, then went back into the house.

As I closed the door, the phone rang. I picked up the receiver. "Hello?"

"Hi, Tim," I heard Laura's voice at the other end of the phone. In the background I heard Beth whispering, "Go on, Laura -- ask him."

"I will," Laura said, muffled as she put her hand over the mouthpiece.

She spoke again. "Tim, do you want to come round here tonight, seeing as you're on your own? Beth and I will cook."

I thought for a moment. "Sure. What time?"

"Give us an hour?"

"OK -- see you about seven then."

I put the phone down, and went upstairs to the bedroom. I undressed, then went into the en-suite to shower and shave.

As I towelled myself dry, I thought back over the last few months. Beth and Laura's performance in their disciplines had improved steadily, and they were on track to be ready for the European championships. Amy had gone to meet with the Olympic committee to discuss the qualifying criteria for the next Games in Rio.

I dressed casually, and on impulse used the aftershave that the girls had bought me the previous Christmas.

I put on my jacket and left the house, walking the few minutes to Beth and Laura's.

Laura opened the door, and as she hugged me I caught a hint of her perfume, light and floral. I stepped back and looked at her. She wore a knee-length skirt and a sleeveless top, her hair in a ponytail, and simple gold stud earrings.

Beth appeared from the kitchen. She wore an elegant black dress, and her scent as she kissed my cheek was deep and woody, almost hypnotic.

"Glad you could join us," she said. She poured wine for me and for Laura, then took her own glass.

"What shall we drink to?" I asked casually.

"To Rio, of course," she said.

"Rio," Laura and I echoed.

We went through to the dining room and sat down. Melon starters were at each place, and as I took a spoonful I glanced up at Beth.

"Kirsch?"

She smiled. "Well spotted."

The girls started, but I noticed that they kept glancing across at me.

I finished my starter, and put my spoon down. Laura stood, and took our plates, going out to the kitchen.

"More wine?" offered Beth.

"Great," I nodded.

She topped up my glass, and Laura returned with plates.

"My speciality," she said, grinning. "Spaghetti bolognese."

I took a mouthful of the rich sauce. "This is delicious."

Beth chipped in, "I made the dessert."

As we ate, I glanced across at Laura. She smiled, and the tip of her tongue flicked across her lips, catching a stray drop of sauce. Finally I put my knife and fork down. "Really good, Laura. Give me a minute before dessert?"

Beth grinned. "Actually it takes a few minutes to be ready."

I raised my eyebrows. "I'm intrigued."

She went through to the kitchen, and I heard what I thought was the sound of a whisk, then the oven door.

She came back in. "OK -- when the kitchen timer pings."

"You guys get to take some time off after the championships," I said. "Are you planning to go anywhere?"

Laura nodded. "Two whole weeks off -- don't worry, we'll still manage a run every day, but we're trying to come up with our ideal destination."

"You've travelled, haven't you, Tim?" asked Beth.

"Sure -- but most of the places weren't in the best of shape when I was there," I said wryly. "But I hear Beirut is really amazing now."

"What was the most dramatic thing that happened to you?" asked Laura.

I thought for a moment. "Being in Kosovo when they tried to take out Milosevic the first time. You know in those Clancy novels where they use a laser to guide in a smart bomb?"

Beth nodded.

"Well, believe me, when you're crouching outside the headquarters of a regime that's been condemned by the rest of the world, and you hear the sound of a stealthed helicopter and see a tiny bright dot appear on the wall of the building, it really focuses the mind."

I rolled up one sleeve. "I didn't run quite fast enough." Laura traced the length of the jagged scar with one finger, and looked like she was about to say something. At that moment the timer pinged, and Beth dashed back to the kitchen and opened the oven door. She returned with three dishes on a tray.

"Careful," she said, "the dishes are hot."

She used a cloth to put the dishes in front of us. "Eat it before it sinks."

I picked up my spoon, and took a mouthful. "Oh, wow, Beth. That's amazing. What is it?"

She grinned at my response. "It's Austrian -- a sweet soufflé."

The fluffy dessert was quickly gone, and I looked up at the girls.

"That was an amazing meal," I said.

"Glad you enjoyed it," said Laura. "Coffee?"

"Sure," I said. Beth and I went through into the living room, and Laura fetched the coffee from the kitchen.

Beth sat down at one end of the sofa, and I sat in the middle. Laura poured, then sat down on the other side of me.

I picked up my coffee and sipped. "So what places are you considering for your trip?"

"I want to spend some time on the beach," said Laura, "but we'd both like to see some cultural stuff too."

I thought for a while. "I have an idea, though it's a bit far."

"Go on," said Beth, leaning closer.

"Well, one place that fits your description is Goa -- you know, the part of India that used to be Portuguese."

"Wow," said Laura. "That sounds really interesting."

"We can have a look online tomorrow," said Beth.

"Now," said Laura, her voice somehow lower, richer in tone, "time to start with the rest of this evening's plan."

Before I quite realised what was happening, she leaned closer to me, and kissed me softly on the mouth.

She moved back a little, and I looked into her face, momentarily lost for words.

"My turn," prompted Beth, and Laura moved aside. Beth leaned over, closing her eyes and turning her face up a little, and I couldn't resist the implied invitation, kissing her gently.

I took a deep breath and leaned back. "So, suppose you two tell me what's going on?"

Laura looked across at Beth. "Didn't we think he was smarter than that?"

Beth grinned. "You can't blame him for being a little surprised."

She turned to me. "Laura and I have really focused on training for the last few months -- I know we haven't discussed it with you, but we kind of assumed that boyfriends were off the agenda in the run-up to the Games. It's great that we're getting to go on holiday, but, well, we need something else too..."

Laura continued the explanation. "We absolutely don't want to break in on your relationship with Amy -- you two are great together -- but we couldn't think of another way to deal with how we're feeling."

My eyebrows rose higher as they spoke. I paused for a moment, then said, "Well, girls, you wouldn't believe me if I said I'd never noticed you two in that way. You're sure about this?"

Beth nodded. "Definitely." I grinned. "OK, it's a deal. But before we go any further, I want a proper kiss from both of you. Laura, I think it's your turn?"

She smiled, closing her eyes and parting her lips, tilting her face up. I bent to kiss her, and as our lips met I heard her give a quiet moan, no more than a murmur. I put my hand gently behind her head, twining my fingers in her hair, and our kiss deepened, Laura sliding the tip of her tongue between my lips.

After a few more moments, I reluctantly broke the kiss. Laura's face wore a dreamy expression, and she watched as I turned to Beth, stroking her hair and kissing the corner of her mouth. She pulled my lips to hers, her hands on either side of my head, and kissed me urgently, almost desperately. Then she pulled away.

"Come on," she said. "Let's go upstairs, before one of us tears your clothes off right here in the living room."

She reached out her hands to me and pulled me to my feet, then did the same for Laura. Beth was first up the stairs, then Laura, and I followed, watching their hips swaying invitingly as they climbed.

We reached the master bedroom -- still with the king-size bed that I'd put in when I'd been living in the house by myself -- and Laura sprawled playfully on the bed. "Tell Tim what we imagined, Beth."

Beth began. "Well, Laura and I were lying in bed the other day -- we share this room, it seems silly to sleep apart when we always have so much to talk about. We got to thinking about what we'd do if we could persuade you to be with us."

"So we'd heard a radio program about how if you don't use one of your senses, the others get more acute. We wondered what it would be like if you weren't allowed to look -- if we blindfolded you -- so you could only know what was happening by hearing, or touch..."

"Or scent, or taste," said Laura, her voice low, full of meaning.

I grinned. "You've obviously thought about this a lot. It sounds intriguing -- why don't we give it a try." "Great," said Beth. She thought for a moment. "I suppose the first thing would be for you to undress -- you might find it a bit tricky after the blindfold's on."

"OK," I said. I unbuttoned my shirt and took it off, throwing it over the back of a chair. Then I undid my belt, and slipped out of my trousers, pulling off my socks at the same time.

I glanced across at the girls. Both of them were watching me, their eyes not leaving my body.

"Not shy, are you?" teased Laura.

I shook my head. "There's no rush -- just increasing the anticipation."

I took off my y-fronts, and stood relaxed, my arms by my side. "OK with what you see, girls?"

Beth pretended to look uncertain, then moved closer to me and kissed me briefly. "Wouldn't miss it."

Laura said, "Right, time for the blindfold, Beth."

Beth opened a drawer, pulling out a silk scarf. She put the scarf over my eyes and tied it behind my head.

"Now, no cheating, Tim. Can you see anything?"

I shook my head. "Not a thing."

I heard Laura's giggle. "OK, this is where the fun starts."

I heard a creak, and guessed that Laura had stood up. For a few moments there was silence, then I heard the unmistakeable rustle of clothing.

"So are you two broads as naked as I am now?" I asked in a hammed-up American accent.

"Maybe," came Beth's amused voice. "Now, you need to be on the bed."

I felt a hand take mine and lead me slowly forward till my legs met the edge of the mattress. I turned, and slid onto the bed, lying back till my head touched the pillow.

The bed shifted, and I felt one of the girls kneel near my feet, the other by my side. I waited to see what they would do next.

I felt a hand slide up my leg and then lightly grasp my already semi-erect penis. There was a pause, then I felt the head of my penis surrounded by warmth as one of the girls took it into her mouth.

"Mm," I said, "that's good."

I reached out a hand to touch her hair. Both Laura and Beth had their hair cut to a similar length so I couldn't guess who was who.

I felt warm breath on my chest, then a mouth on my nipple, tonguing and suckling.

"Ahh," I said. "That feels amazing."

The lips on my chest curved in a smile, then continued to pleasure me, switching to the other nipple. As whoever it was leaned across me, I felt soft breasts pressing against my chest.

Beth's breasts were larger than Laura's, so I guessed it might be her suckling me.

"Don't get me too excited, girls," I cautioned. "I guess you want plenty of time and attention from me too."

I felt the head of my penis slip out of the warmth surrounding it, and Laura's voice said, "Definitely -- though I'm sure you could do a great job even if we went a little far with you to start with."

I smiled. "I was pretty sure it was you down there, and Beth here." Beth spoke up. "That gets you a point. But now you have to guess again."

Laura added, "Slide down the bed a little, Tim."

I followed her instruction, shifting down so that my feet were just hanging over the edge of the mattress. From the movement of the bed I could tell that the girls were changing position, one of them by my side, the other now apparently above my head.

I sensed movement near my face, and soft skin, with a hint of Laura's floral perfume, brushed my lips. I touched my lips to the softness above me, then continued to plant gentle kisses as I turned my head slowly to one side.

As I'd anticipated, I felt the hardness of an erect nipple against my lips, and Laura shifted position to centre it against my mouth. I touched it with the tip of my tongue, then took it between my lips and gently started to suckle.

"Ohhh," came Laura's voice, no longer caring whether I'd already guessed it was her kneeling over me, bending to place her breasts within reach of my mouth.

I wondered what Beth was planning, and my question was soon answered as I felt her slide across my legs, then my erect penis was surrounded from both sides by softness as she leaned forward to place her breasts there.

Laura shifted so that I was pleasuring her other breast, then I felt her tongue sliding over my nipple and suckling me, returning what I was doing for her.

"Mm," I said, "that's really good. Laura's perfume was a bit of a giveaway, though -- I guess you dabbed it between your breasts?"

"That's right," she said. "And a few other places, you'll find them as we go along."

"Did you like what I did?" asked Beth. "Oh yes," I said definitely.

Reluctantly Laura pulled her breasts away from me, and Beth slid back off me. They moved again, and I felt one of them slide across me, this time at the level of my chest. Again I felt something soft touch my face, and I kissed the skin before me.

As I turned my head, I found my kisses taking me into a deeper cleft, and I stopped, a little surprised, as my lips touched an unmistakeable circular pucker. I kissed it, then used the tip of my tongue to circle the opening, then to probe just a little way in.

"Mm," I heard Beth respond, her voice strangely throaty, and I probed a little deeper. "Ahh."

I didn't have to wait long to discover Laura's next move. I felt her slide across me, and the unmistakeable feeling of her wet opening against my erection. She didn't guide me into her, but moved her hips slightly, so that her clitoris was pressing on my shaft.

I decided to see if the girls were ready for me to take a more active part, and slid my hand round Beth's thigh to the wetness between her legs, searching for her clitoris with my fingers while I continued to use my tongue on her rear opening.

"Ohh," she said as my fingers explored her. "Laura, is that in the rules? Please say yes."

"Oh, I think so," Laura said, obvious amusement in her voice at Beth's response to my touch. "But we're missing a trick -- how about you touch me too?"

That was the moment so far when I most wished I could see what was happening, Laura's movements on me becoming more urgent as Beth obviously started to caress Laura's breasts.

"Mm," said Beth. "This is fantastic, but I think it's time for another change. Laura, do you want to take my place?"

They slid off me, then I felt Laura take the place Beth had occupied. But something was different. Her perfume mixed with the scent of her arousal, and as she shifted her hips and I moved my head to kiss her, I knew her wet opening was fully open to whatever my mouth and tongue might do.

I slid my tongue softly along her entrance, finding the hard nub of her clitoris then beginning to flick the tip of my tongue gently over it. She gasped. "Touch my breasts?"

I reached my hands up, finding her breasts and then her erect nipples, gently caressing them with my fingertips.

I felt Beth slide across me, her wetness now against my stomach, and whatever she did next obviously pleased Laura, who gave a quiet sound of pleasure.

"You're right, Beth," said Laura. "It is good being touched there. I..."

She was distracted from what she was about to say by the sensation of me taking her clitoris into my mouth and gently suckling it, while I brushed my palms across her nipples.

"Ohh," she managed, "I'm getting quite close now."

"Time for another switch," said Beth.

"OK," came Laura's half-disappointed reply. "You remember our deal, right?"

As she slid off me, I said, "Girls? It's really been amazing not being able to see what's going on -- you were right, it does make the other senses more acute. But I really would like to be able to see you two come..."

"What do you reckon, Beth?" said Laura.

"I think Tim's right -- and watching his face as he watches us climax will be pretty hot too."

"OK," said Laura. I felt hands on the knotted scarf, then I could see again. Laura knelt beside me, while Beth was still in her position across my stomach, her face slightly flushed, her nipples erect.

I paused, my eyes drinking in the sight of both of them, Laura slim with pert breasts, Beth's figure fuller, her breasts a little larger. My mind slowly connected what I saw with the sensations I'd already experienced -- touch, taste, scent, the sounds of pleasure I'd evoked from both girls -- and I felt a surge of renewed desire.

"So this deal you made..." I said enquiringly.

Laura glanced at Beth. "You'll see."

Beth slid upwards, and for the first time I saw the inviting opening below the neatly-trimmed triangle of her mound. I reached out my hands to cup her bottom and draw her towards my mouth, starting to gently tongue her.

Laura moved behind Beth, and this time I felt her hand on my penis guiding me inside her as she lowered her hips. Laura reached out her hand and slid it between Beth's legs from behind, and Beth gasped as Laura's fingers began to touch her rear opening.

I moved my hands up to Beth's breasts, and watched her face as I began to gently suckle her clitoris and stroke her breasts and nipples. I felt her begin to tense, her hips now pushing against my mouth, and like a breaking dam her climax came, her face showing the expression that I'd have mistaken for pain if I hadn't known what she was experiencing.

She continued to climax, gasping, for long seconds, then the shaking of her body slowed to stillness. "Wow," she said, still panting, "that was incredible."

Beth moved aside so that I could see Laura, a slight smile on her lips as she flexed her hips a little. I matched Laura's movements, withdrawing slightly then pressing deeply into her.

"Mm," she said, "that's really good." I started to move rhythmically in her, and she closed her eyes, sliding her hand down her stomach to touch herself. Then with an effort she forced her eyes open.

"One last thing," she said.

Carefully she changed position, keeping me inside her, so that she was facing away from me. As she began to move again, Beth glanced at me and smiled, reaching out her hand so I could see her touching Laura's rear opening. I started to flex my hips, watching my erect penis pushing in and out of Laura as her slim, rounded bottom moved up and down, Beth sliding her finger a little way into Laura's other opening and withdrawing it.

"I'm... going... to...." started Laura, then I felt her pushing herself down on me urgently, repeatedly. Her muscles rippled around my hardness, and finally I reached my own climax, Beth watching my face with a satisfied expression as I spurted once, then again, then again into Laura.

Finally Laura relaxed, and leaned back against me. I wrapped my arms around her waist, and Beth rested her head against Laura's stomach.

As I softened, I slid out of Laura, and she made a quiet sound of regret.

Beth smiled. "Sorry, Laura, you'll have to wait for your next turn."

She looked up at me. "How long before you'll be ready again?"

I grinned. "Why don't you tell me what else you imagined for us -- I'm sure that'll catch my interest again pretty quickly."

Laura slid off me, and lay to one side of me, her arm across my stomach, while Beth lay on my other side, propped on one elbow.
