 The following story is part two in a series of group encounters that are loosely based on a real experience I had a few years ago with a man I met online. He told me he was looking for a very oral submissive who would swallow his cum as well as his piss—something I was very willing to do. At all of our encounters, he ordered me to call him 'Sir,' and he always referred to me as 'Cocksucker.' This chapter continues my odyssey as I willingly service his friends as his 'Mouth Whore.' These sessions are part fact, part fantasy and I will leave it to the reader to decide which! 

*****

Mouth Whore Part 2: Entertaining SIR's Clients

I arrive promptly at 8:00 o'clock Friday evening as SIR has instructed me. No one else has gotten there yet, but SIR has me open the top buttons of my shirt and then fastens a leather studded collar around my neck to remind me of my role this evening.

SIR says, "I expect complete obedience from you tonight as I am entertaining two very important clients. I told them of your special skills and willingness to do whatever we tell you to do. Do not disappoint me."

SIR adds, "They are anxious to use your holes."

SIR tells me a little about the two men and all the nasty things they will expect of me. He emphasizes that I will finish the night with a belly full of cum and piss, and if I want to back out of this, now is my chance. I tell him I am ready to be used in this way as everyone's receptacle and add that I am happy to service his friends in the ways they anticipate. 

When the clients arrive, SIR offers them beers and they chat for a few minutes about how much they are going to enjoy this evening. The two men say it's been a while since either of them have ejaculated and emphasize how they both have some very full balls they intend to unload in me.

I take a couple of sips of beer before we get down to business.

The first client, an older man in his 60s with silver hair parted down the side says "Why don't you strip for us cocksucker?"

I promptly remove my shirt, pants and underwear, and both clients nod their approval of the leather collar I am wearing.

The second client, a younger, beefy man in his mid-40s with blonde hair who I suspect has a thick cock and big balls, says "I like the addition of the collar, it makes him seem more useable."

He grins and adds, "We can always attach a leash if he gets out of control." 

SIR and his two clients all chuckle at that.

All three men make themselves comfortable on the couch in the living room and continue drinking their beers.

SIR barks, "Now cocksucker, get down on all fours and crawl over to us and show my clients the proper submission."

I crawl over to the three men and bury my face in their crotches one by one, taking in the slightly pungent smell of sweat, piss, and sexual arousal from each of them. They are all still wearing their clothes, but I am getting really turned on rubbing my face in their crotches while they tease me. My cock starts to harden and pre-cum oozes out the tip.

The blonde man says while I'm nuzzling his crotch, "Do you want that cock in your mouth bitch? We're going to make you eat all of our jizz tonight. When we are finished with you, you're going to have a belly full of our cum and piss and you'll have the taste of our asses and semen in your mouth for the next week!"

All three men laugh at that, displaying their now hardening cocks pressing against their pants as they sit and enjoy their beers.

My heart is pounding with excitement as SIR tells me to kneel in the middle of the room. The men stand and circle me, still fully dressed, and tell me to slowly unzip their pants and take out their cocks.

I do this one by one, but they tell me I can't suck on their cocks just yet. I can only nuzzle them and smell their male scent. I oblige them greedily, running my nose up and down their cocks and ball sacks, taking in the smell of sexual excitement. Finally, the silver haired client tells me I have to do something for him if I want to suck his cock.

I am so horny I blurt out, "Anything, please just let me suck your cock!"

He tells me, "Good. You can start with my balls. Suck on them until I tell you to stop."

He pushes down his pants and underwear to reveal a pair of darkly colored, gray-haired balls. I suck them into my mouth, swirling the ball sack around and making loud slurping sounds as I take both his balls in and out of my mouth. His balls taste of sweat and he seems to enjoy this immensely, watching me lick and slurp the balls into and out of my mouth.

He says, "Stop. I've got another task for you now."

He removes his shoes, pants, and underwear, then turns around and presents his ass to my face and tells me to lick his asshole.

He adds gruffly, "Get your tongue in there you little whore, and lick it until I tell you to stop."

While he bends at the waist and holds his ass cheeks apart, I plunge my tongue into the little brown hole, inhaling his deep, masculine scent as I probe his insides with my tongue.

"That's it, cocksucker, get that tongue right up inside of me and don't stop until I tell you to stop." 

This goes on for a long while, and SIR and the blonde man encourage me as I stick my tongue deep into the older man's asshole, licking around the outside of his hole repeatedly as he moans with pleasure. I feel like a complete whore doing this for a man I met only a few minutes ago.

After about 10 minutes of ass licking, Silver Hair turns, faces me and rewards me with his now very hard cock.

He tells me, "I expect you to get this in your throat."

I look up into his eyes as I take the large, bulbous cock head in my mouth and slowly let it get deeper in my mouth, using my tongue as a wet slide to guide his cock in deeper. He grabs the back of my head and forcefully pushes my head down on the cock until I can feel the tip of his cock pushing against the back of my throat.

While he holds my head in place, Silver Hair tells SIR and the blonde man he wants my hands cuffed behind my back so I won't be tempted to use my hands to push away while he enjoys the sensation of my gag reflex massaging his cock in my throat. I feel the click of steel as the cuffs are placed around my wrists and locked into place.

The silver man says, "There, that's better, isn't it boys?" He adds, "I like to have my cocksucker totally under my control so I can get my cock in nice and deep."

With that, I feel him start to assault my throat, pushing his cock in until my lips are on his gray pubic hair and my throat begins making an involuntary gagging sound. He continues to fuck my mouth and throat like this for what seems an eternity, all the while commenting about how much cum he's saved up and how I will swallow every drop of his salty load.

SIR and the other man are now fully undressed and encouraging Silver Hair's aggressive fucking of my mouth, commenting on how much they enjoy seeing the older man's cock buried all the way to his balls in my throat.

After several minutes of intense throat fucking and gagging, Silver Hair announces that he is going to cum and says, "You'd better swallow every drop if you know what's good for you, you nasty cocksucking whore."

I am looking into his eyes as I feel the first huge gob of semen shoot into my throat as he holds my head firmly down on his cock. I am gasping for air and gagging as the cum continues to spray the inside of my mouth, and Silver Hair thrusts and moans with each spurt of jizz.

He makes one last thrust and then tells me, "Open wide, bitch, I want to see what I'm feeding you."

I open my mouth to display the huge cum load that he has shot in my mouth. He smiles and says, "Now swallow it cocksucker." 

I feel the weight of the large load pooled in my mouth and promptly gulp it down, tasting the harsh, slightly bitter flavor of a man who has not cum in several days.

SIR complements my cocksucking and says, "Nicely done cocksucker, but there is a lot more for you to drink this evening so don't think you are going to get off lightly." 

They then tell me to work my way around the three-man circle, taking each of the other two cocks in turn, letting them push their dicks deeply into my throat while alternating with some loud ball sucking and slurping. The blonde client is as forceful as the older man, and he evidently has not had an orgasm for a week either.

He tells me, "I have a huge load of jizz for you bitch, and I expect the same treatment as my partner. You will gulp down the entire load, cocksucker, or there will be trouble. Do I make myself clear?"

I nod my head in agreement, which is hard to do while being mouth fucked. I am dripping pre-cum now and very turned on by the eager thrusts of his big, thick cock in my mouth and throat. 

He is relentless in his thrusts and I gag for air. I can feel his orgasm building as I struggle to breath. He begins to grunt and moan, holding my head in a vice grip and starts blasting what feels like a cup of semen into my mouth and throat. I am overwhelmed with the quantity of jizz he has just deposited.

After he finishes shooting his load into my mouth he pushes out the last drops of cum into my mouth, squeezing his cock like a toothpaste tube. He tells me, "Don't swallow it just yet. Hold it in your mouth and open wide bitch. I want to see how much jizz I've produced before you swallow."

The group comments on the amount and thickness of the blonde man's semen.

Silver Hair says, "Christ Bill, what you have been eating lately? It looks like curdled yogurt in there!" 

All three men laugh, then the blonde says "Now swallow it you nasty cocksucker." I gulp down the thick load and can feel the gobs of cum as they slowly work their way down to my belly.

SIR and Silver Hair push an ottoman over to where I am kneeling on the floor. Keeping my hands cuffed, they grab my arms and have me straddle the ottoman belly down with my ass fully exposed on one end and my mouth on the other. I feel vulnerable and yet excited at the same time!

SIR, who has wanted to fuck me up the ass for some time then says "I've been waiting for this for a long time cocksucker" and shoves his cock up my ass forcefully. 

The other two men position themselves in front of my head, so I have two cocks to suck, going back and forth as they take turns sitting on the front edge of the ottoman and shove their cocks in my mouth while holding my head down all the way. I am totally helpless as I can't talk (with a dick deep in my mouth and throat), my hands cuffed, and my ass filled up with cock. I am in heaven!

Silver Hair announces that he has to piss.

SIR tells him, "Please use my receptacle, he is eager and well trained."

The older man grunts his approval and I can feel the first spurt of his acrid, salty piss fill my mouth while SIR continues his rhythmic fucking of my ass. Silver Hair holds my head and then orders me to swallow the first mouthful. I gulp down the load and it is immediately followed by a second load which fills my mouth. We continue like this for several minutes, the older man shooting a mouthful of piss, stopping his stream, ordering me to swallow, and then repeating the cycle. I can feel the heaviness of his acrid piss in my belly until he finishes urinating after six mouthfuls. His cock is then replaced by his partner's cock, who announces that he too, has to piss after all the beers they've had.

The blonde man then roughly shoves his thick, semi-erect cock in my mouth as he sits himself down on the ottoman in front of my head. He grins at me as the first spurt of piss shoots into my mouth. I struggle to swallow the load as my head is held tightly in place and the silver haired man helps hold me in place.

While this is going on, SIR continues his relentless pounding of my ass.

"That's it piss whore, you like this don't you?" the blonde man asks me as he shoots another mouthful of piss into my captive mouth. I swallow the second mouthful more easily as we settle into a rhythm of pissing, having my mouth filled, swallowing, then being given another mouthful. I can feel my belly getting painfully full as the man finishes his last few drops.

The blonde man says "Now clean my cock like a good whore."

He adds, "Make sure not to miss anything." I dutifully lick his cock clean as he grunts his approval.

We then get back to my sucking the two clients' cocks, each of them taking a turn for several minutes, grabbing my head with both their hands and rhythmically pushing my head up and down on their cocks while SIR continues his steady thrusting in my ass. This goes on for what seems an age as I can feel the fatigue in my jaw growing. My ass is on fire as SIR quickens his pace.

Finally, the two clients tell me they are getting close to coming.

Silver Hair says matter-of-factly, "You are going to swallow every drop of my jizz again or face the consequences." 

I can feel his excitement building as his cock throbs in my mouth, and then, POW! Spurt after spurt of warm, slightly salty semen blasts the back of my throat. It seems to go on forever. I am amazed that he can cum so much the second time.

As he shoots his load he says "That's right, you've got a seven-day load coming baby."

I gulp it down, feeling like a wanton whore, savoring the flavor of his cum which has replaced that of the piss I swallowed before.

The blonde man then shoves his thick cock in my mouth just after his partner pulls out, screaming out that he is coming.

He tells me, "Take my load you nasty piss whore."

I am now swallowing the blonde client's second load, making gurgling sounds deep in my throat when SIR starts to cum in my ass, screaming out in pleasure.

SIR bucks behind me, pumping his semen inside of me, adding to all the cum and piss in my belly. Finally, he stops, spent, but keeps his cock inside me.

SIR then says, "You didn't think you were going to get away with only two pissloads tonight, did you cocksucker?"

I brace myself as the two other men hold me down on the ottoman and SIR unloads a full bladder into my ass. I can feel the burning piss filling me up from the other end and can't believe my body can take any more than I have already ingested.

SIR's piss stream continues for what seems like an eternity, and the hot golden liquid works its way up my insides.

I am merely their receptacle and I love it.

TO BE CONTINUED