 The following story is part three in a series of group encounters that are loosely based on a real experience I had a few years ago with a man I met online. He told me he was looking for a very oral submissive who would swallow his cum as well as his piss—something I was very willing to do. At all of our encounters, he ordered me to call him 'Sir,' and he always referred to me as 'Cocksucker.' This chapter continues my odyssey as I willingly service two of his friends as his 'Mouth Whore.' These sessions are part fact, part fantasy and I will leave it to the reader to decide which! 

*****

Mouth Whore Part 3: SIR and His Clients Finish Using Me

"Okay Bitch, we're going to give your jaws a bit of a break, but there will be no rest for that dirty slut tongue of yours" SIR informs me.

I have been sucking cock and swallowing cum and piss for the better part of two hours, and my belly feels distended. I have a distinctly queasy feeling in my stomach from all the fluids I have swallowed from the three men, and know I'll be ordered to take a lot more.

SIR continues, "Walk on over to the middle of the living room. I'm going to remove your cuffs for a while."

I do as he says. SIR fits the key in the handcuffs binding me and opens the steel cuffs. He then says, "Now get on all fours."

I do as I'm instructed, remaining still on all fours in the room while SIR and the two clients go into the kitchen to help themselves to another round of beers. They return after a few minutes, and the three of them sit on the couch, sipping their beers. 

The blonde man says, "Your cocksucker sure is obedient."

SIR grins and replies, "Yes, but I've only just begun to train him. I'm sure the two of you can help me break him in some more."

Both clients chuckle with amusement at this.

SIR then says "Now slut, as I said before you're going to be given a bit of a break from sucking our cocks but we have other plans for you. I want you to crawl over to the couch and go from man to man, starting with my clients, licking our balls and assholes until we tell you to stop."

I slowly crawl over to the couch as each of the men eases back to make himself more comfortable, each one leaning back and spreading his legs and presenting his balls and ass on the edge of the couch for me as if on a plate. I immediately move my head to the first client, Silver Hair, and begin licking and slurping his balls and then lapping at his asshole while he slowly strokes his cock. "That's it cocksucker, get that tongue right up my asshole while I jerk myself off." I push my pink tongue deeper into the man's asshole while he continues to pump his cock slowly. I continue to eat his ass like this for a while as he moans in pleasure.

The second client, obviously impatient and needing attention, barks at me. "Get over here slut and put your mouth on my balls and ass NOW!"

I crawl over to the blonde man and I start to slurp his balls in my mouth, making loud sucking sounds as the balls pop in and out of my mouth. I then turn my attention to his asshole, tonguing it slowly and methodically.

"Ah, that's more like it. I could use a slut like you to do this for me every day when I get home from work. Better yet, how about I borrow him and keep him under my desk at the office to do this throughout the day?"

SIR laughs at the suggestion, and I fear he might be taking the blonde man seriously.

The blonde client moans as I alternate between sucking his big hairy balls and lapping away at his asshole, pushing my tongue deep inside the little brown hole and then licking around the crack.

SIR then orders to me to worship his balls and asshole while he strokes his cock. We go several rounds like this, with me crawling to each man to service his balls and ass for several minutes until everyone has themselves worked up to shoot their load.

SIR produces a wine glass which he had placed out of sight behind one of the couches.

"Now slut we are going to feed you what is left in our balls but you won't have the pleasure of milking it from each of our cocks. We have something more amusing in mind."

I can hear one of the clients, Silver Hair, start to moan loudly as he grabs the wine glass from SIR and holds his cockhead in the opening of the glass, shooting gob after gob of white semen. He milks the shaft of his cock to get it all in, pushing the last few drops into the glass, then wipes the tip of his cock on the edge of the glass.

He passes the glass to the blonde man, who starts to shoot an even bigger load than his partner, pumping his cock tube as he spurts a massive load of jizz into the glass.

SIR then announces that he too, is about to come, and taking the glass, shoots the biggest load of cum than I have ever seen him produce.

SIR says, "I think we'll need to restrain him for what comes next." The other two men agree, and one of the clients comes around behind me to place the cuffs back on my wrists as I kneel on the floor.

SIR comments, "That's much better. We don't want him to get out of his duties now do we gentlemen?" The other two men laugh at this as they know what comes next.

SIR grabs the back of my head and tilts my head back, ordering to me to open my mouth wide. I comply, knowing what is to come as I look into the sadistic eyes of the two clients leering down at me.

"Now cocksucker, I'm going to pour the contents of this wine glass slowly into your wide open whore mouth. I want you to hold the cum there so we can all get a good look at it."

Feeling helpless, I nod my agreement, but I'm a little scared when I see just how much semen is in the glass. I have never taken this much cum in my mouth at once before. SIR then tips the glass slowly and I watch the gobs of cum work their way down the side of the glass and into my mouth. He pours slowly and deliberately so I can watch the jizz slide down the inside of the glass and into my waiting mouth. SIR uses his finger to wipe off the last bits of goo, which is sticking to the side of the glass, and then pushes it into my mouth. He wipes his finger on the inside of my lips to make sure I get everything.

Admiring the sight of my now full mouth, SIR says "my, my, what a lovely sight, seeing a cum hungry slut on his knees holding the contents of three sets of full balls in his mouth."

The clients both get a close look at my jizz-filled gaping mouth, and the blonde man says "I can't believe this whore gets off on eating this stuff." They then laugh and call me a few more choice names like "bitch," "cum dumpster" and "jizz junkie."

I kneel there, head back, mouth open, waiting for my instructions and totally resigned to my fate.

SIR then says "okay bitch I want you to gargle for a bit. I want to see the whole load bubbling inside of your mouth, but don't swallow until we tell you to drink it."

I gargle the huge load, my mouth humming as I feel the slimy, musky goo churn inside my mouth while keeping my head back so I don't drop anything.

"What do you think Gentlemen, have I trained him well or not?" SIR asks.

The two clients immediately complement him on his discovery and training of such an obedient slut, and Silver Hair adds, "We would very much like to borrow him at some point if that would be agreeable to you."

SIR is flattered by the compliment, and says, "Of course I would be happy to lend him out to you from time to time for your pleasure. He has a large capacity for drinking cum and piss so you would of course be welcome to bring him to a more public venue to be used by all your friends."

The clients are very pleased by this and tell SIR that they will be sure to take advantage of my mouth and belly very soon.

I feel helpless as one of the clients then firmly grasps the sides of my head so I am immobile. SIR then places his hand under my jaw and slowly closes my mouth while pinching my nose so I have no choice as to what I must do.

SIR then orders me, "Swallow it you little cocksucker, every last drop of our semen. I want you to feel the heaviness of our cum as it slides down your throat and into your cumslut belly and I want you to taste our collective sperm in your mouth for the rest of the night!"

My head tilted back, I gulp down the enormous gob of cum, needing three swallows to get it all down as I feel the warm jizz work its way down into my stomach.

"Well done slut. I can see where we might want to have you do this to a much bigger audience, don't you think gentlemen?" SIR asks.

The clients are very impressed and I can see the wheels turning in their heads at the thought of using my mouth like this to earn favors from other businessmen they have dealings with.

"Okay I think it's time we hosed off this little bitch, don't you agree gentlemen?" SIR announces.

I am ordered to crawl into the bathroom and kneel in the shower.

The first client, Silver Hair, tells me he's got another full bladder and can't hold it in much longer so I'd better be ready to receive his piss again. I feel him push my back so I'm down on all fours as he shoves his cock roughly up my ass.

The blonde man then positions himself in front of my face.

"Open up bitch, time for your nightcap," he says, and pushes his cock in my mouth all the way to the balls. I am locked in place with two semi hard cocks on both ends.

SIR then positions himself above me, his cock ready to spray, like a conductor.

SIR begins to piss on me as both clients open up their own spigots and I feel heat in my ass and mouth as the two piss hoses fill me from both ends. I feel ready to burst as SIR's piss stream covers my back, my head, and face and the other two men's piss seems to go on for an eternity.

"Ahhh," the three men shout in unison as they relieve their bladders inside and all over me. I am covered in SIR's piss as the warmth in my belly and ass continues to spread and I feel the weight of their collective urine filling my body.

Their piss streams finally weaken and I am left on all fours, completely used. SIR then turns on the shower and directs the spray all over me as the piss in my ass starts to stream out in a yellow trail into the drain.

"Gentlemen, I hope you enjoyed yourselves tonight and I trust my cocksucker serviced you to your satisfaction" SIR says.

The two clients praise my submissiveness profusely and it is clear they would like to make our sessions a regular event, perhaps bringing in one or more additional men to pleasure themselves and make use of me as a receptacle.

I immediately start to fantasize about what is to come.

To be continued...