 Every single night until the date of our second monthly meeting Donna talked about sucking six dicks in one evening and swallowing all the cum. She remembered the different feel of them in her mouth the varied taste of the cum. She recalled how one guy had pumped masses into her mouth while others only managed a dribble.

Of course, each time she re-counted the experience we carried on to fantastic sex.

-o0o-

From the very beginning of our relationship I have pissed in Donna's mouth. She has never liked the taste and at first she struggled to handle it, but strangely enough it was her who started it all. On our third date I think it was, we went to a restaurant and had a really nice meal. Afterwards we called in at a bar. I had been going easy on the alcohol because I was driving, but Donna enjoyed the wine with her food and then had several spirits.

We had a really nice fuck after our second date. A lot of kissing and cuddling followed by a satisfying missionary coupling when we managed to climax at the same moment and snuggle into a sensual sleep. Now we were driving home again and Donna got giggly as she said she was looking forward to a second go. I was getting quite uncomfortable. I needed a piss, but her talk of sex was making my prick react. I pulled into a layby.

"Just a minute honey."

I got out of the car, unzipped and started pissing into the hedge. When I had nearly finished and started to relax I felt a hand on the back of my thigh. I jerked my head round in shock, wondering if I was about to be mugged or something. I hadn't stopped pissing and the next thing I knew was a mouth closing over my prick. Looking down I saw Donna's beautiful brown eyes looking up at me.

"Jeez girl. What are you doing?"

She gulped down a mouthful of piss and spluttered.. She coughed a couple of time and then said

"Take me. Have me now, here please."

She was clutching at her pussy with her tiny pants pushed aside. My prick was as stiff as a ramrod. I pushed her into the back of the car and fucked her with furious force. I grabbed the back of her neck and pushed my tongue into her pissy mouth. Getting my hand under her top I twisted her tit and pinched her nipple as hard as I could. Within seconds she shuddered in an explosive orgasm. I pulled out of her cunt and with a tight grip on her hair I rammed into her mouth. Fucking her face as hard as I had fucked her pussy I shot a massive load into her and ordered her to swallow it.

That was the most fantastic sex of my life and at that moment I knew Donna was my woman. When we got home we sat down to talk over another drink. She had the biggest smile I have ever seen on any woman's face.

"Fucking hell babe, that was just incredible. Whatever made you do that when I was peeing?"

Donna flushed and giggled.

"I can't tell you. It's too embarrassing."

"Come on darling. It will be good to tell me and I have just got to know. It turned me on so much. It was amazing."

"Well. When I was at college I had a boyfriend who was really boring. Sex with him was hopeless. I never had a climax. I knew I had to finish it, but being young and a bit shy I didn't know how to go about it. One day I got in a lot of beer and had a few before he came round to my room. When he drank a few cans and I was really drunk I plucked up the courage and told him I didn't want to see him any more."

"Instead of just going away like I hoped he would, he took off his belt, pushed me face down on the bed and spanked me really hard. I was crying and when I started to yell he stopped because somebody banged on the wall from the next room. He dragged me into the bathroom, pushed me onto the floor and pissed all over me. When it was splashing on my face, for some reason, I opened my mouth and got the taste of it. It was horrible, but despite everything going through my head I was excited. When he stomped out and slammed the door I felt my clit and worked myself to the first orgasm I ever had. I never spoke to him again. When I saw you peeing tonight I remembered that orgasm and I just did it without thinking."

I went over and we kissed for a long time. Donna was squirming and when I felt her pussy she was soaking. Without saying anything I took off her clothes. After another deep kiss I pressed her to her knees and put my dick in her mouth. It took me a while to get going. Finally it started to flow and Donna swallowed as it came. We had no sleep that night. We kissed, fucked, cuddled and sucked and in between these exertions Donna told me of her need to be used. She had come to realise that she was only really turned on when she was humiliated or forcefully taken. That had never happened before with a man she really fancied and now she wanted me to have her any way I wanted and her only desire was to surrender.

That was a couple of years ago and now we love each other more than ever. So much in fact that Donna is happy to serve my friends if that is what I want. And I do.

-o0o-

It seemed like almost no time had passed and it was the day for the second meeting. I told Donna to prepare herself exactly as she had done before, but this time I would give her a really thorough enema and lubricate her asshole.

I fuck Donna in the ass whenever I want so she is used to it. She often finds it uncomfortable, but I know she likes me to do it because she feels a bit debased that way. Today she knew that she was going to get it from my friends as well.

She was ready in good time and took up position by the front door.

The guys all arrived together in a large taxi. That way they could drink as much as wished and enjoy the day. They were prepared for what to expect this time and they intended to make the most of it. When the doorbell rang Donna dropped to her knees and I opened up. There was no point in wasting any time. I invited the boys to take off their clothes as soon as they came in. Without instruction, Donna kissed each guy's prick before collecting their clothes.

We all sat down while she was neatly storing the clothes. I explained that I had not bothered with the customised porn clips this time. I had a two hour long Japanese BDSM film to play in the background, but the main entertainment was going to be Donna. As she walked back into the room I announced that today would be Ass Day. Donna would worship our asses and we would fuck hers.

Donna went very pink and looked shyly down. All the guys were staring at her of course. Just before they arrived I had set up a little arrangement to help with our games. I had cut a hole in the seat of a folding garden chair. I had set this in the middle of the room with cushions underneath it. I now had Donna lie on the floor with her head on the cushions so that her face was beneath the hole. I sat on the chair and it was perfect. My weight made the chair settle so that I could feel her nose on my butt and her warm breath tickled as it warmed my hairy ass. I spread my butt cheeks and settled again.

"OK. Get to work baby."

I felt Donna's wet tongue in my asshole and smiled.

"You're going to enjoy this boys."

I let her lick for a few seconds before getting up and sending her to collect the drinks and snacks. I put all our names in a cup and when Donna had finished serving she picked out the order in which she would tongue our asses. Fifteen minutes each on the first round with a gap in between while we did other things.

Until now Donna didn't know exactly what she was going to have to do. When I explained why she was picking the names she faltered, Worry was written all over her face. Donna is a bright girl. Licking six assholes for a quarter hour each is an hour and a half of incredible tongue ache. How would she cope with that?

"We have got plenty of time today. Between each rimming session we will have some other recreation."

I took two large tubes of flavoured, edible lube from my pocket and put them on the coffee table. I don't know whether Donna was relieved or scared. There would be time for her tongue to rest, but could she cope with six pricks in her ass. She knew that was what she had to look forward to.

Donna laid down and the first occupant of the chair took his position enthusiastically. The timer was set and everybody settled to watch the porn , drink their drinks and chat about the pleasures of having a pretty girls tongue in your butt hole. The talk soon moved on to recalling the first meeting of this exclusive little gathering. It was clear that it had been in their minds all month and they had looked forward excitedly to today.

Everybody agreed that using Donna had changed their sex lives at home. The three guys who had live in girlfriends were unanimous that they wanted their cocks sucked more often and they were more into face fucking than before. One of them said that his girlfriend had never agreed to take cum in her mouth before, but they had such great sex recently she kept sucking when he was about to shoot. Now she was happily swallowing a couple of times a week.

Greg was the quiet bloke in the group who lived alone. Nobody knew too much about his private life until now. He told them that although he didn't have a partner he had been seeing a woman every week for several years. She was married and older than his mother. Her husband had given up on sex. She still loved him and never intended to leave him, but she had been very unhappy before she found Greg on the Internet. It was part of their deal that if Greg ever had sex with anybody else he told her all about it and it spiced up their sex together.. Wow! The session with Donna was really something new. She came and came again as Greg told her the full story while he was fucking her. As soon as Greg shot his load she licked his dick, looked up at him and said

"please piss in my mouth like you did with Donna."

Since then she had drunk a bladder full of his piss each time she visited and she was talking about how she would like to be fucked by several men. Ever since Greg had told her his story she had been watching gang bang porn at home. She really wanted to try it.

The timer rang. Donna emerged red faced from under the chair and a happy man with a very stiff prick helped her to her feet. He kissed her enthusiastically on the mouth that had just left his hairy ass.

"Well Greg after telling us that fascinating piece of information I can help you out in a couple of ways. First of all, gang banging can be very risky for a lady and that is why you guys had to show me that you were free of nasty infections before enjoying Donna. Having done that I reckon we are an ideal bunch to make your lady's dreams come true. Secondly you were last in the name draw. I have decided that the person at the end of the selection should have first go with Donna's end. Be my guest and give my lovely girl her first ass fuck of the day."

I had her lay face down over the pouffe while Greg lubed his dick. The guy who had just finished getting rimmed by her was gently stroking his prick. I suggested that he might like to relieve the tension by shooting a load into her mouth and he didn't waste any time shoving his rigid pole in her face. It was no surprise that he didn't last very long. By the time Greg had worked his full length into Donna's tight ass her mouth was full of sticky cum.

"We don't want her ass oozing jizz all afternoon so it will be best if you pump it down her throat when you are ready Greg."

He grinned and nodded as he worked up a rhythm with his long dick disappearing in her bowels. Everybody left watching the screen to look on while Donna writhed and groaned as her ass was fucked. It seemed a waste to leave any of her unused so I took her hair and fucked her mouth. It wasn't too long before Greg was getting close to his finish. He pulled out of her ass and I dragged Donna round by the hair for him to dump his hot sperm in her mouth. She is well trained so she turned her head around open mouthed for all the boys to see her latest meal. After she had swallowed, she sucked and licked Greg clean, the taste of the lube and her own ass mingling in her mind and mouth.

"Now guys. We've got a lot going on today so we need keep a record of where we have got to and Donna should have a little memento to help her remember things for the next few days. We are going to use my special whip-a-tit recording system."

I collected two small crops from my desk draw. The one I handed to Greg had a spear shaped leather flap at the tip. The other had a heart shaped flap.

"OK chaps. Right tit for rimming and that is heart shaped. The spear went into her ass and that will be the mark on her left tit."

I took two strong, wide rubber bands from my pocket and pulled Donna's tits through them. They looked so beautiful as they stuck out and started to darken in colour. I told her to put her hands behind her head before the two men who had enjoyed her so far lined themselves up and took aim. I asked them to give her one stroke each and they cracked down on the bulging breasts at almost the same instant. Donna yelped. Her tits bounced crazily. It was a good strike. There was a beautiful, bright welt on each one. One ass fucking and one rimming properly recorded. I took off the bands and sent her to replenish refreshments as she composed herself for round two.

All eyes returned to the movie. A small Japanese woman was tightly bound in rope. A man drew on a chain which raised her from the floor so she was hanging by her tits. When she was suspended he took a single tail whip with which he whipped the whole of the front of her body. Red striped from tits to cunt, he lowered and unbound her. She knelt, looked up with her tear stained face and then took his prick in her mouth to thank him for her beating.

"Phew! Our women get it easy don't they?"

There were chuckles all round as Donna eased herself into position to start giving her second rimming.

While Donna worked her tongue into another grateful asshole, the discussion stayed with Greg's friend. It was agreed that he would suggest she should come and be gang banged by them next month. She would get the works. All three holes penetrated; ass licking and piss drinking duties, and if she didn't come up to standard she would have some firm discipline to help her do better. Greg agreed that he would tell her absolutely everything she would face. If she still wanted a gang bang she would come along and know how hard she was going to have to work.

Donna was imagining the scene with this older woman. She wasn't sure how she felt. These sessions were very hard, but she liked to be desired by these men and she was already feeling a bit jealous that another woman would be used. Surely they would prefer her trim, young body, but what if this woman somehow pleased them more. She worked her tongue into the sphincter with even more diligence. She was the real hostess and she intended to keep it that way.

When the timer rang there was a repetition of the first round. While a huge dick was lubed up and started to probe her asshole, Donna sucked the guy who she had just rimmed. When she swallowed her next cum load, her guts were being churned by the biggest prick ever to have been in her tiny ass. Among these feelings, her mind started to fill with the knowledge that in a few minutes her tits would be painfully cropped again. With that she spasmed in an enormous orgasm causing her ass to clench even tighter on the invading tool.

-o0o-

After drinking down the last dribble of cum, an exhausted Donna with gaping ass, aching mouth and burning tits fell into my arms. She had completed more than three hours of hard work. My delighted friends wished her the fondest of farewells and promises of presents as they left with high anticipation of next months get together. Would Greg's lady live up to their hopes? We shall see.