 I had lost my virginity at the ripe old age of 20 years to Madelyn (a high school student I had dated), but, a few months later, I lost my innocence with Beverly. We met in my second year of college. I was still hurting badly from the end of a relationship I had been sure would lead to marriage. Bev was just the kind of 'medicine' a completely lost soul seeks out and often finds. Up until then, I had no idea what a good physical relationship with a woman (or man, for that matter) was. But, Beverly guessed that I would be good and she made it her goal to make me 'all that I could be'! She thought I'd be good enough to make a living at it. I hadn't a clue; I just knew that I craved her body like I craved nothing else in my life. I was agreeable to being trained as long as I got lots of her. So, we set out to teach me how to use my body to perform almost any way I wanted. This is one of the stories that happened as part of that training.

Bev and I had enjoyed all of the basics, played most of the games, and practiced increasing my 'time' control. I had learned where to touch, how much, and when; how to tease and coax; and most of what not to do. But, with experience with only one other woman, I needed exposure to other styles to learn all the subtle variations and varieties of sex. So, we did the only thing young people could do at the time: we jumped in the car and went to the adult movies. (In 1976, there were no DVD players, and VCR's with porno movies to rent were not very common. And, with the price of a Sony Betamax around $1000, it's no wonder...)

We didn't bother to check the newspapers before leaving; starting times and movie titles didn't matter. We just jumped into the car and drove south. Taking the Fruitridge Road exit east, we turned at Stockton Blvd. and turned into the Manor Shopping Centre. One of the three adult movie theaters that we were familiar with in Sacramento, the Manor Theater was a large, old theater that probably once showed first-run family movies. It had room for hundreds of customers, and a large snack bar and lobby, and heavy purple curtains that covered the huge screen and separated the lobby from the actual movie viewing room. The seats were extremely well padded (and also deep purple) but badly worn with neglect and age.

There was light rain as we drove up to the theater. We parked close to the doors and ran in. The man at the ticket booth glared at us and demanded ID from both of us. (Beverly was short and slightly heavy with medium length light brown hair. She looked about 15 years old. At the time, I was tall, very skinny, and wore my hair long in a natural. If I had been in his shoes, I would have carded two kids like us, too. But, he did more staring at my black skin then he did at either driver's license).

Being the good-natured kid I was, I pretended not to notice him and hung all over Beverly as we paid and walked through the curtains under his disapproving glare. I wondered what he would think if he knew how much Beverly likes to be fucked!

Beverly stopped just inside the curtains because the lights were on and we could see the crowd. The usual suspects were all in attendance: dirty old men that sit alone and as far from anyone else as possible to avoid getting caught 'spanking the monkey'; young couples adding a little sleaze to their lives; and a few 18 year olds, going to their first 'dirty movie' alone. You could tell them from the old men from the back because the kids slouched as much as possible to avoid being seen and the old men sat up and leaned forward, eager for the movie to start. We also saw something rather unusual: there were two young guys sitting together and talking quietly. Beverly pointed them out even as I saw them and she got that 'fuck me' look in her eyes.

"What do you think about them?" she asked, nodding towards a pair seated alone.

From the back, I too, could tell that they were young and out of place together in this place. But, I got no real impression about them. Shrugging, I shook my head.

"Ok, then let's get a better look," she whispered and started walking slowly down the center aisle, casually glancing to the left and right, pretending to look for the place she wanted to sit. We passed them and Beverly took a good, long look, which prompted one of them to slouch even lower in his seat. This time I got a good look and saw that they were very young; I doubted that they were inside legally. They were just two kids who were obviously out to see their first movie. They had popcorn, Cokes, and boxes of candy, (all of which 'old pros' like me skip because nobody can eat during this stuff!) and one returned Beverly's stare with his own and a sly smile, too.

That was all the Beverly needed to see. She picked seats for us about three rows in front of them and to the side and sat in the seat closest to them. Almost immediately, she stood again and slowly took off her wet coat. She was wearing a ridiculously short skirt and a see-through blouse with no bra. (Except for shoes and socks, that was her entire ensemble for a cold winter's night in the rain!) She made sure that she gave the boys a nice look at her huge tits and even the bottom edge of her panties, bending forward slightly. I was biting my lip, trying not to laugh out loud but I could hear the boys talking excitedly.

One of the problems with publicly watching these movies is the dirty old men. It would be fine if they just sat and watched, looked at pretty patrons from their seats, or jerked off to their heart's content. But, seeing so much of Beverly showed them a better show than they were expecting on the screen, and some of them changed seats, boldly moving around us in a lazy circle. If the circle got too small, they would be too close for Beverly to do what she planned so she turned to me.

"I want to sit right here and I want to invite the kids to sit with us. Are you all right with that?"

"Sure. Just don't get us thrown out of here!" I said. She gave me a slow and deep kiss, letting everyone see, then got up and went to the restroom. On her way back, she sat by the boys and talked for a few minutes. Returning to her seat with them close behind was enough to get most of the old farts moving again, still hoping to get a better view, but they did manage to get seated on Beverly's left side just before the movie started.

Bev told me their names and they were young; both had turned 18 within the last few days. They introduced themselves and we sat back to watch the movie. Not!

Beverly never just sits and watches; she always places one of my hands on her tits or under her panties and today was no exception. She raised her skirt (Yeah, right. It was so short that it disappeared as soon as she sat down!) and slid my hand down to and into her hot, wet pussy. (ooops, 'cunt'. One of my lessons was to use the right word at the right time. And, when Beverly is just 'fucking' and not 'making love' or 'having sex', her vagina goes from being called a 'pussy' to a 'cunt'. That way, there is no doubt about what you are doing with who and why.).

I was getting into the movie (It was one of the best I'd seen. I think it was entitled, "Uncontrolable Urges", starring Andrea True, who went on to even more fame and glory singing, "More, More, More [How do you like it?]".) but Beverly was getting wetter by the second. I pulled out my hand and she looked at me.

"If we go on like this, you are going to be in trouble long before we get out of here!" I whispered. "I think we need to go and 'plug that leak'!"

She laughed quietly and returned my hand to it's frequented 'home-away-from-home'. She answered by sliding down in her seat and spreading her legs. I massaged her cunt, trying not to build her up too much too quickly but I couldn't slow her and continue to push fingers into her.

I was about to tell her that when I saw that she was rubbing a tit and looking directly into the closest boy's eyes. He glanced up nervously at me but immediately down at Beverly again. Beverly turned and kissed me and asked if I would mind if she let him touch, too. I said 'no' and started to remove my hand. She stopped me quickly and frowned. When my mouth dropped open, she smiled and I nodded. Turning back to the boy, she talked for a long time while the other boy leaned closer to listen, too. Soon, he had a hand on Beverly's chest and she just closed her eyes and let her arms hang at her sides. She came in my hand twice (hiding her orgasm from the boys but soaking my hand and her panties). After the second one, she pulled me close to her and kissed me. Beverly then asked the big question: would I be all right if she got sexual with one or both of them? I looked at the boys again and decided that they looked o.k. (I would not need to worry in a fistfight with both.) and they pretty much seemed like cool guys.

Then, I looked at them from her perspective - sexual. For the first and last time in my life, I tried to decide if I would want to be with a male. I couldn't find anything that seemed impossible about it (Except anal sex with me participating with them. That seemed completely impossible!) So, I told her that it would be fine if they agreed and with the exceptions. She turned to the boys and talked for a very long time - long enough for me to see a lot of the movie.

When I turned back to her, one boy's hands were under Beverly's blouse and she was talking steadily to the other! I dug a little deeper into her cunt and she wrapped a hand around mine, pushing down even more but she didn't turn around for a long time. She finally finished talking and kissed the other boy in the mouth, his hand still on her tits.

Bev turned to me finally and kissed me, grabbing the back of my head with her hand and holding me closer. When we stopped, she smiled and said that she was proud of me for kissing her right after she kissed the boy. I told her that I did not see 'seconds' or 'thirds' as a problem and she squeezed my hand with her cunt and whispered that I would get a chance to find out.

We left the boys in the theater and went to the car. There, she explained the arrangements: the boys were given directions to her apartment, when to meet us there, and were told what they could and could not do. They agreed to all of it and requested that there be no intentional direct contact between them and me. Beverly was disappointed with that but she'd agreed to it because she was going to get a lot of the rest she sought. She asked me again if I was ok with all of this and I assured her that it was no problem. She almost wrecked the car kissing me while driving!

I went into the bathroom at Bev's place and waited, taking off my clothes and she went to the bedroom, lighting candles and incense, before undressing. I heard the very quiet knock on her front door and she let them in. A few minutes later, she knocked on the wall, telling me that it was time.

I walked shyly into a room with three nude people on a king sized bed, arms and legs all in a kind of slow, lazy motion. Beverly was on her back, kissing the boy that didn't touch her in the movie (But, man, was he touching her now!). He was mostly lying near the upper right side of Bev's body, his right hand buried deep in her dripping cunt. The other boy was mostly on top of her, one of his legs between hers and sucking Beverly's other tit. Bev had her hand under the boy she was kissing; gently stroking him and her other was behind the other boy's neck. They all appeared to be comfortable with what they were doing and enjoying themselves.

I walked in and knelt on the bed by Beverly's unoccupied side and she stopped kissing long enough to give me a big kiss and a happy smile. The boys never looked at me and I guess that they were sure that, if the shit were going to hit the fan, it would hit now. They didn't need to worry, though. I had a massive hard-on and I could have easily just watched them until I came! It was so beautiful and so exciting that I wanted to watch as much as I wanted to do.

The boys shifted and one began licking Beverly's cunt while the other moved to the top of the bed and brought his large & hard cock to Bev's lips. She reached out and grabbed it while opening her mouth, taking the head in and sucking hard. She did that until the boy couldn't stand it anymore and pushed his cock into her mouth. It went in about half way and I held her face while he fucked her in the mouth, slowly, gently and not deeply. Beverly came again and wiped her wet cunt on the face that continued to eat her out, still sucking the cock in her mouth.

Pulling back his cock, that boy kissed Beverly and patted his friend on the back, who finally raised his wet face and tongue from Beverly. The other boy slowly eased between Beverly's legs as she spread them for him. He licked her cunt before lying down and pushing his big cock completely into Bev. I was looking into her eyes as he entered her and she gasped at the size and her eyes closed for a moment, but she gave no sign that she wanted it to stop. And, he was watching her, too. When she opened her eyes, he pulled back and pressed into her again. This time, she stiffened a moment but both the other boy and I rubbed her arms and legs, soothing her, relaxing her before he started fucking her for his pleasure. She let us know it was time by lifting her knees and spreading open beneath the boy. He kissed her and started fucking her in short, hard thrusts, using his hands on her hips to force her up to meet his cock with a loud, wet smacking sound. Still holding and rubbing her thighs, I felt the massive pounding he gave her and she began to pant, her nipples as hard as rocks bouncing as her big tits moved dramatically with each thrust. The boy began to sweat the grunt but he did not slow or tire for almost 15 minutes! By then, Beverly was tossing her head from side to side and moaning. When he started to come, he pulled back slowly and slammed his cock into her cunt, groaning loudly now, spasms rippling through his body as he poured his cum up her cunt.

He came for almost one full minute and I was dying to see what Beverly's crotch looked like but the other boy mounted her as soon as his friend was completely out and he shoved his short but thick cock through Beverly's lips and deep inside her, too. He was slower and he fucked her like he wanted it to last a long time: grinding around the edge of her cunt as though trying to stretch her wider, then plunging in with his strong, powerful hips flexing with each effort. And, while the other boy and I watched, he brought Beverly to a grinding orgasm and shot his cum in her as her cunt yielded to add it to his friend's.

He kissed her a long time as he drained his cock then pulled it out of her and stood at the foot of the bed a moment. This time, we all got a good look at a recently fucked cunt. I was sure I'd want to bury my head in it but, when I looked at Beverly, I couldn't resist fucking her, too. I lay down on her and slid my cock through piles of cum and began fucking her as hard as I could. I don't know why it was like that; I guess that seeing so much made me more aggressive. But, Beverly didn't mind at all! She wrapped her legs around me and cum was forced out of her as I pushed in. The boys held her legs up for her and she raised both her arms over her head where I held them, still fucking her deeply and thoroughly. Her cunt felt differently than it ever had before, probably from all the pounding and the cum, but it felt so good that I could hold back only a little while. I grunted and pushed my cumming cock as deep as I could in Beverly and gratefully added my cum to the boys'. I lay on her for a minute then realized that I was probably 'taking up space', so I rolled off her and, sure enough, the second boy was ready again and was fucking her evenly in seconds. Now, Beverly just lay there and let us move her into the positions we wanted to see her in or fuck her in. For almost 2½ hours, we took turns fucking her, stopping only long enough to change positions and cocks.

Near the end, I had been kissing Bev and she had been stroking both boys’ cocks. She turned her face to one boy and pulled him by his hard-on up to her face. This was the boy she didn't suck before. But, she made up for it now! She sucked and licked and nibbled it until he started to moan. She opened her mouth wide enough to get around his very thick prick and he came in her mouth, stroking with each cream- stream. I could see that Bev wanted to share it with me but there was just way too much and she had to start swallowing. Before he finished cumming though, his friend straddled Beverly's face, too, and came on her chin and cheeks until she released the first cock and sucked the last of the cum from the second! This time, she was able to avoid swallowing and, with cum all over her face and in her mouth, we kissed a long, long time.

My cock was hard again but the boys had to leave so we talked and laughed for the first time all night and said our goodbyes to them. They gave Beverly a number to reach them and left.

I could almost wait until Bev and I got back to the bedroom. Almost...