 Saturday morning started wonderfully. I felt a warm wet presence wrapped around my manhood and slowly drifted from sleep into consciousness to find my lovely wife Sue greedily sucking my cock. That kind of alarm clock always starts the day out right. 

For several minutes I pretended to be asleep, simply lost and enjoying the feeling. Slowly my memory of the night before returned and I began to wonder about Sue. Was she still turned on from the activities of last night? Was she feeling guilty and wanting to make it up to me? Was she afraid of my reaction and just trying to make sure I started the day with an appropriate attitude? I only wondered for a moment before realizing that I should just enjoy the blow job and worry about motivation later.

If she was worried about me, she shouldn’t have been. Watching my wife with another man had not been one of my fantasies before but last night I found that it turned me on, big time. I thought about the sight of Dan putting on a show, sliding his cock out of my wife’s excited pussy the night before and I felt my cock swelling. It was time to "wake up".

We made hot passionate love to start the day and then I pulled her naked body to mine and just enjoyed the feel of my love in my arms. I looked into her eyes. They were shining like I’d never seen them before.

"I take it you enjoyed last night?" I asked her.

"I sure did, but I was so worried about you. Did you enjoy it?", Sue asked.

"I never would have believed it. I never felt the slightest bit jealous. I was so turned on watching you being pleasured. I always like to watch your face when you cum, but I’m always too busy to really watch. Last night I got to really watch your face while you were being pleasured and to really see the flush of your body. It was such a turn on! Then I felt so proud of you. I knew Dan was getting the fucking of his life and I was proud that my wife was giving it to him.

"How did you feel about me with Sally?"

"I was jealous or angry for just a second and then I realized that she didn’t want to steal you, just enjoy you and well, I was turned on watching you with her. Then I thought about how I felt while Dan was fucking me. I didn’t feel love. I didn’t want to run off with him. I was just enjoying myself and I realized that she was just enjoying herself with you. Damn! It was such a turn on when we were holding hands while they fucked us! I’ve never been so excited and well, I’m still excited.

"I thought I’d be mad about you fucking Sally, but I was just excited."

I kissed her again and again it turned into sex, this time long and slow and tender. It was obvious that we had found a new way to enjoy ourselves and we were once again, close to our friends.

We held each other and talked and talked. We decided that last night would not be the last time we had sex with others.

We had a leisurely breakfast and kept exchanging looks before doing the household chores. 

Then we realized that we had promised to make a copy of the tape for our friends. I set up the equipment and began the copy. Sue and I sat on the couch and watched ourselves making love and we began to make out when the door bell rang.

Sue straightened her clothes and went to answer it. It left me in a dilemma. I didn’t want to stop the tape but I didn’t want to leave it on either. I settled for turning off the TV.

I heard female voices from the front door and it took me a minute to realize that it was Sally. Sally looked at the tape running and the TV’s blank screen. "No fair. I want to see too!", she said.

I turned the TV back on and settled onto the couch with Sue. Sally was headed for the recliner when Sue spoke up. "Wouldn’t you feel more at home on the couch with us? Honey scoot closer to me and make room." It was more than I could have hoped for as Sally smiled and settled in beside me. A beautiful woman on each side of me. Watching a dirty movie.. featuring US. I couldn’t help it when my cock sprang to life. Both girls noticed and giggled. 

Sue unzipped my pants and freed my hard cock. "Sally, you want first licks?" Sue asked.

Sally giggled. "That’s why I stopped today. I wanted to make sure you were both O.K. with last night. That and to invite you over tonight. We’re having a real movie party and if you’re O.K. with last night, we think you’d really have a good time tonight. I guess this answers my question about you two being O.K. with it." Sally smiled as her lips brushed my cock. I felt her longish hair brushing my thighs as she gobbled my cock into her mouth.

"Sounds like fun to me." Sue said as Sally bent to lick the head of my cock. "What do you think, honey?" She asked me with a big smile on her face.

What can a man say when he’s looking into his wife’s smiling face while he feels another woman’s lips sliding up and down his cock? Of course it was O.K. with me.

As much as I wanted it, Sally’s lips only slipped up and down a few more times and then she stood up. She kissed Sue on the cheek and smiled. Perhaps I was seeing something but I thought I detected a touch of promise in that smile, promise for Sue.

"I’m saving myself for tonight. I promise you can have me then, If you want. Now I’ve got to go help Dan get ready for the party. Come on over when you’re ready and you can help."

I might have been sorry to see Sally leave but my sexy wife took over beautifully and sucked till I tried to blow the back of her throat out. Then it was my turn to please her.

Fortunately we finished about the same time as the tape or we might have been tempted to go another round. I couldn’t believe how turned on we were! I couldn’t believe that there was more in store for us tonight! 

By the time I got everything put away, it was after noon. I had thought that we would take the tape next door and see what we could do to help but when I looked out the window, I saw that a couple inches of new snow had fallen. Shovel time. 

It was three o’clock by the time the drive was scraped bare. My thoughts had turned from how sweet Sally’s pussy would feel wrapped around my cock, to how I was going to afford that shiny new snow thrower in the hardware store window. Probably a good thing.

When I came in, Sue was giggling into the phone like a school girl. I didn’t even need to ask. She was talking to Sally. "He’s gonna love this!" she giggled into the phone. "O.K. we’ll get that for you and we’ll be over as soon as we can. See you in a couple hours." Sue hung up the phone and smiled at me.

"We have to go shopping honey", and she giggled. I knew I was in trouble then. I saw Sue’s eyes shining and I didn’t even ask where we were going. I just got in the car.

The first stop was easy enough. Two cases of beer at the local liquor store. The second stop started easily enough, the local drug store. I kind of remembered the movie the Summer of 42 though as she sent me inside. Three dozen rubbers. I hadn’t bought rubbers in 15 years and I have to admit a touch of nervousness asking for them, especially considering the quantity. I was a bright shade of red, despite the total professionalism of the druggist who didn’t even raise an eyebrow. 

When I returned to the car, Sue was sitting in the front seat giggling. I guess she was imagining the same scene from the same movie.

The final stop was an intimate apparel shop. That was a bit more fun picking, sexy outfits for Sue. I got in the spirit of it all as I insisted that we buy three outfits. I have to admit that seeing her in those, I felt a rise in my pants. Sue had never looked so beautiful in or out of those outfits. There was a new shine in her eyes. A new bounce to her step. She had found confidence in her sexuality, her sensuality. 

It was dinner time before we had made our selections and left so we visited the magic arches. Hardly a culinary delight, but we were in a hurry. Even so, we couldn’t help but make eyes at each other and smile as if sharing a joke. I could read the sexual excitement in Sue and she in me.

It seemed both of us were in a hurry to get home. We showered together, a compromise between slow and sensual and hurried. We both wanted to get next door and partake in all the sex we had imagined, now was not the time.

I pulled on my jeans and t shirt while I watched Sue primp and prepare. The girl was HOT and the war paint just told us that she was ready to share the heat. I watched her with lust growing in me and an impatience to go!

The party started at 7 and we had promised to help. Sue was still getting ready and it was already 6:15. The best laid (and I surely had visions of laid) plans. FINALLY the shaving and painting and gluing was done, but still no clothes on Sue. I couldn’t help but think… "Oh well, just go naked". Sue had me pick my favorite of the outfits we had just bought and she carefully stripped the tags from it. THEN she had to chose regular clothes. I waited, like a good husband, and tried not to show my impatience while she made her final decision on clothing. We were ready to go!

Sally met us at the front door and gave Sue an intimate hug. I wanted the same, but carrying a couple cases of beer made that hug nearly impossible. Sally, however, was not to be denied. She came to the side of me and gave me a peck on the cheek and her hand reached down to give my pecker a good grope. I almost forgot how heavy the beer was getting to be. 

Dan took the beer from me and I followed him into the living room. It appeared that all the work was done. There were suddenly three couches in the living room, all facing the big screen TV. 

You could see the dining room from the living room and it was way different. The table had been removed and in it’s place was a king sized bed. Two TV’s were on trays in the corners, each with a video camera beside it. Another mattress was on the floor and there were half a dozen chairs against the far wall. 

The sight caused me to catch my breath. I knew what was about to happen in that room and I knew I would be part of it. I couldn’t wait! My heart beat faster and there was a lump in my…. throat (too).

For the next 15 minutes Sally and Dan and Sue and I sat around on the couches and made small talk, as if nothing had happened, as if nothing was going to happen. When the door bell rang, I just about jumped out of my skin and I wasn’t watching Sue but she reacted too. Dan was visibly chuckling at our reaction as Sally went to get the door.

We stood as the new couple was ushered in. I stood in more ways than one, when I took a look at Pat. Both Sue and Sally were good looking women but Pat, all I could say was wow! She was a fair skinned blond with long hair, a pixieish nose, sparkling blue eyes, and an hour glass figure. She may not have had the largest breasts in the crowd but her tight sweater showed off an adequate supply. Her husband, John, drew Sue’s gaze as well. I’m no judge of the looks of men, but Sue liked John’s tall, lean figure.

Dan gave Pat a long hug and shook John’s hand as we were introduced. I could feel the blood rising in me as I started to shake Pat’s hand. She, however, would have no part of a handshake. She pulled me close and kissed my cheek, while her hand found the front of my pants and she giggled. "Handshakes are no way to greet a future lover", She chuckled. I have to admit I found her greeting more than adequate, a promise of things to cum. If the front of my pants had been tight before, now they were downright uncomfortable. 

John shook my hand with a firm shake and a twinkle in his eye. "I think Pat likes you. Looks like you’re gonna be in for it." He smiled at me with a knowing grin. 

Pat sat beside me on one couch, while Sue took the other side and we all continued our small talk. It had all been small talk till Pat and John got there but now I saw John massaging one of Sally’s thighs while we continued to talk about the weather. Pat was behaving more conventionally but there was a look that was being exchanged between her and Sue. I felt the heat rising when the doorbell rang again, precisely at 7.

This time there were three people that were ushered in to meet us. We all rose and went to greet them. Sally almost leaped to greet what seemed to be the single male. She wrapped her arms around him and gave him a deep long kiss and groped his tenting pants. "This is Horse, at least we call him that." Sally giggled. "And with good reason. Sue, you have to try him. This is one good fucking man."

I’m no judge of men but Horse didn’t look that good to me. He was in his 50’s and going slightly bald with more gray than brown in the hair that remained. His six foot frame was not fat but no longer firm with the beginnings of a pot belly. He was tanned and his face pock marked from an early bout with acne. He was however the man they called Horse. I assumed he was equipped like one.

Jill was attractive but not in the same league with the other women here. She could obviously stand to lose a few pounds although she wasn’t objectionably fat. She had very large breasts planted on a barely over 5 foot frame. Her light brown hair was cut short in a "low maintenance" hair do. Her most attractive features were blue eyes that twinkled with merriment and full lips planted in a small mouth that had smile lines at the corners. As I shook her hand, there was a strange sexiness that seemed to ooze from her. Somehow she projected that "come fuck me" feeling.

Her husband Bill was short and powerfully built with dark hair and he too seemed to have a smile as a permanent attachment. They just seemed a fun couple to be with.

Dan was suddenly beside me and whispered in my ear. "Jill may not look like much, but believe me, she’s one you just have to try." I nodded my thanks and understanding. I had no doubts. 

Sally smiled at us all. "It’s a small group tonight. This is it. No sense wasting time. Girls to the changing room. Guys, grab a drink and one for your lady and lets get the show started. For Jack and Sue’s benefit, we always start out by showing the final edited version of last months tape. Then we make a new one, and then we party."

The guys gathered in the kitchen, knowing that the girls would take a few minutes. All five of us grabbed beers and made some kind of drink for our spouses. Then we wandered back into the living room and milled around talking about sports and cars. But for a change the girls didn’t waste any time. 

The four girls came down from the upstairs bed rooms looking sexy as hell. Even Jill seemed to ooze sex.

It seemed that the girls, in addition to changing into their sexy outfits had worked out a seating plan and a plan for us guys. They didn’t want to waste a single moment.

Pat and Jill came straight to me. Pat had a serious look in her eyes and looked so delicious in her white frilly teddy. Jill, on the other hand had a broad smile on her face and a mischievous gleam in her eye. Her black outfit was fuller to hide the slight bulge at her waist but pushed her full tits up where they could be appreciated. 

Pat walked straight into my arms and planted a potent, tongue swirling, kiss on me as her hands dug in my pants for my shirt tails. Jill went low and giggled as she unbuckled my belt and unzipped my pants. I gladly helped her pull my pants off. Which was followed by the touch of a soft hand and then a light kiss on the head of my cock. Jill moaned. "Ummmm… nice." Then Jill rose and Pat yielded the kiss as I felt a new hand on my manhood. They led me toward a couch and I looked around for the first time.

Sally might have had her hands full, but both Bill and John were more than willing to help her strip them. She was leading them naked to another of the couches. Sally was smiling broadly as she grasped each man by his fully erect cock and steered them to their obviously pre-assigned seats.

Sue was the slow one. She was still kissing Horse. Their tongues were obviously playing. 

Jill was smiling from ear to ear. "Hey over there, Sue isn’t it? Quit messing around and get your men naked!" She said it with a laugh in her voice. Sue looked around and smiled. Then she began to peal the clothes off Horse. Dan stood to the side and stripped himself.

Jill leaned over and whispered in my ear. "Watch your wife’s face. I always love to see someone new see Horse’s cock for the first time. Only thing better is watching him nail her for the first time." Then she ran her tongue around my ear and giggled.


I watched as Sue pulled his pants down. "WOW! ", She exclaimed. I had to look myself. Damn! That boy had the biggest cock I’d ever seen. Sue’s eyes were riveted to that cock.

"Don’t just look at it. Touch it, kiss it. You got to be sure it’s real!" Jill chuckled beside me. Sue didn’t need much more encouragement. Her hand held it and then brought it to her lips. She kissed it. Then She licked it. Then her lips parted and she swallowed the head. 

Horse smiled and let her suck for a moment then pulled away. "Save some for later, Girl." But the smile was fixed on his lips. Horse sat her on the couch and then sat beside her.

Dan shut off the lights and then sat beside my sexy Sue as he started the movie with the remote control.

The movie, or at least the experience of it was delicious torture. The girls thought of it as fore play. Pat and Jill took turns kissing me, caressing me, exciting me, teasing me. For my part, I had two sexy ladies who were quite anxious for some serious action. It didn’t take much convincing to get two sexy outfits hanging over the back of the couch and then I had four nipples to suck, and play with. Two very wet pussies to play with. 

It didn’t take long to understand why Dan had suggested that Jill was the one to play with. She was enthusiastic and fun. She encouraged me, she egged me on, she laughed and had fun. Pat looked sexier and was certainly into the activities but she was more serious. Jill was plain old fun.

For the most part, I was lost in what the girls were doing to me, but on occasion I stole glances at Sue. At first she looked like she was in heaven with two cocks to play with (one of her dearest fantasies). Toward the end of the movies though, she was starting to look flushed and more than ready.

There were several more people at last months party and the "skits" as the girls called them went on for over two hours. That was followed by some scenes of the orgy that followed. We had lots of fun, lots of feels. But for me something was missing. Every time I came close to cumming, the girls shut down and made me cool off before continuing with the games.

Finally, mercifully, the movies were over. It was time to quit watching and start doing!

Dan and Sally were obviously in charge of the festivities. Sally told us that the "skits" would involve those of us who were grouped on the couches and each would be a threesome tonight. We were going to start with Sue, Dan and Horse. Dan gave camera’s to Bill and John and told me to just watch and enjoy. Jill was appointed "director" of the first skit.

"O.K. kiddies, I think we’ll start with the three of you on the couch. Sue, I want your outfit back on. Guys, you stay nude. Sue, after we get good and rolling, you escort the guys to the bed. Just do what I tell you and we’ll be fine. Guys, I just want you to show her a really good fuck."

I saw the flush of excitement on Sue’s face. She was definitely ready to do this!. She put her frilly outfit back on and adjusted it with a slow teasing movement and then she sat down. Horse sat on one side of her and Dan on the other.

Sue was excited but she was also very nervous. Her face was flushed and she was breathing heavily. She smiled shyly as the two naked men sat beside her. Bill stood in front of the couch while John moved off to the side. Both had their camera’s ready.

"Lets get started guys. A little kissing is in order." Dan took the initiative and turned Sue’s head to face him and kissed her deeply. Horse knew what to do, he began to nibble at her ear. Sue started to moan. Dan broke the kiss and Sue turned her head to kiss Horse. You could see their tongues dueling and I knew one of the cameras was catching all the action. Dan pulled up her outfit and began to suck a nipple. Sue moaned again.
