 In was the mid nineteen nineties, fall semester of my junior year, and I foolishly took 19 credits. It was murder. I worked almost constantly on school, with only rare moments to myself. The pressure was amazing; I should have listened to my advisor and taken only 15 credits. Fortunately, I worked off my stress in the gym. I would pound the stair-stepper daily for 45 minutes to an hour at a stretch. After six weeks the stair stepper gave up, but I didn't. I moved to the Nordic track. Sit-ups were the only other break I allowed myself from my studies. Being on such a tight schedule also severely constrained my meals, which I now had to eat on the run. I was limited to cafeteria foods that could be carried--fruits and salads mostly. 

As the semester went along I had to cut back more and more on the normal aspects of student life; pride goes before the fall. Make-up? No time. Hair conditioner? Nope. Facial scrub? Forget it. My hair pretty much stayed in a ponytail. Time to shave my legs? Lets just say I worked out in sweatpants. Needless to say, I had no social life. I was pretty much a frumpy zombie. (Albeit a zombie on her way to a 4.0 GPA.)

Once the last final exam was over, I was in heaven. A friend invited me to a party, and for the first time all year I could say yes. Freshly washed and shaven, I began to get dressed up. At last I was starting to feel like a woman again. I searched through my closet for a nice outfit and was shocked to find that none of my 'nice' clothes fit. Having run around in 'work' clothes all semester, I must not have noticed a little weight loss. I went to another girl's dorm room and asked to use her scale--115 lbs with my robe! Holy shit, that was more than 20 pounds down from my previous weight. I thought the scale must be off and returned to my room. I dug out my full-length mirror and looked at myself. I was cut. Even a six-pack of abs. I was positively stunning. How did I miss this happening to me? I was delighted. 

When I went home for winter break, I made a new year's resolution to keep the weight off. Unfortunately, by the time I returned to school nearly all of it was back on. With the spring semester upon me, I knew what I had to do--19 credits again. By the third week I realized I had made a mistake, but it was too late. 

A friend mentioned that a group was going to Spring Break in Mexico, and asked if I was interested. I most definitely was--that would be my only chance to get out from under the pressure of this semester. I counted the days. This time, however, I watched myself. Most of the weight came off quickly and, if I do say so myself, I looked pretty damn good. I was so busy I had to rush to pack for the trip, even forgetting a swimsuit. I bought a fairly modest bikini at the airport. We started drinking on the on flight almost immediately. After a few, I confided in my friend that I felt constrained. I felt I couldn't really 'tie one on' for fear of hurting my future employability. She suggested that I needed a new identity. During the flight, she filled me in on her boyfriend's college so well that I could pass myself off as a mythical student of that school.

I got a lot of compliments on the beach, but so did most girls, I rationalized. My friend was hooking up nightly with someone new, not my style. I was thinking about it, but nothing developed over the first couple of days, even with the haze of alcohol. The third day I went to another beach bar, and started talking and drinking with a couple of cute guys, Jason and Royce. Turns out, the bar was having a thong contest, where girls would put one on and strut on the catwalk to the cheers of the crowd. After watching a few I said 'I could do that'. It must have been the beer--yeah, that's it. They egged me on and I went up to join about 3 other girls in line. A few more joined behind me. 

There was a 'sheet box' -- a box made of sheets, about 18" off the ground and about 30" high that served as a changing room--the crowd could see you take off your bikini bottom and put on the thong before you did your walk. I couldn't believe I was doing this. At least one girl fell over while changing, and I am sure it was not an accident. I am not certain what I did on the stage; it went by in a blur. As it turned out, I was the runner-up! Must've been my smile. All the contestants got to keep their thongs, and the winner threw her bikini bottom out to the crowd. Some of the other girls joined her. To my surprise, so did I. I walked back to my table, which was kind of up against a wall, wearing only my tee shirt over my bikini top and thong. The tee shirt only came to mid-waist, revealing most of my butt. I was relieved I didn't have a very clear tan line--that just would have been more embarrassing! My rear burned as I imagined all the eyes staring at it. What the hell, it was spring break. 

I got lots of congratulations from various people in the crowd. Back at my table, I settled in with my ass to the wall so that I wouldn't feel like such a...whatever. I was standing between my two new boyfriends, both of whom were very complimentary. We were actually somewhat hidden from the general view. 

As I was talking to the guy on my right, a hand landed on the back of my left thigh. I jumped a little, but did nothing. When I turned to talk to him, not mentioning his hand of course, I felt another hand on my right thigh. Electric! Two guys feeling me up at once! And in a well-lit bar! I looked around to see if anyone was watching us, but apparently not. I don't know what I would have done if someone was. What the hell, it was spring break. We all continued to talk as if nothing was happening. Their hands roamed up independently to cup my bare ass cheeks and stroke my thighs. We talked for quite awhile, I have no idea about what. I am not sure who suggested it, but the idea came up to retire to their hotel room. By this time I was really turned on, and I agreed. 

We left the bar, and in a brazen move I held both their hands. I wondered if anyone watching knew what we were going to do. I was not quite sure I had figured it out myself. Their room was in the next hotel over. We walked into the lobby and started for the elevator, as their room was on the 6th floor. Jason stopped us. 

'Lets take the stairs' he said. 

'Why?' I asked. 

'I would like to watch your ass as you walk up the steps," he stated. My jaw dropped as I blushed. Anyone could have heard that, but there was no one really close enough. Royce eagerly agreed. We went to the stairwell, and I walked up with the guys just a few steps behind. I must admit, it felt really good showing off like that, and I was getting turned on even more. I wondered what it would be like to be fucked in a stairway or to give a guy--or guys!-- a blow job here. No one was in the stairwell, but the climb was uneventful. 

'Is that what you wanted to see?' I smiled as we reached the 6th floor.

'Oh, yes.' 

We entered their room, a nice one with two beds and a balcony. I walked over to look out over the ocean, and Royce went into the bathroom. Jason walked up beside me and turned me to face him. He looked at me for a second and I at him. Then he kissed me passionately. I saw Royce approach out of the corner of my eye as I closed them to respond to Jason lips. Jason's hands moved below my tee shirt and kneaded my ass. I could feel his hard-on press into my abdomen. I melted into his kiss. After a few moments, I broke the kiss.

'That was wonderful,' I sighed. Royce stood a few feet away watching. 

'How about you?' I breathed lustfully. I walked over to him and kissed him. 

His hands immediately found my rear also, but quickly moved up to my breasts. I drew my breath sharply, as I have always had sensitive breasts. I was really turned on. I melted into his kiss. I could tell he had a raging hard-on also. Suddenly I felt hands on my ass; Jason had moved up behind us. I open my eyes and drew my breath sharply again before settling into the ecstasy of being caressed by two guys. What the hell, it was spring break. Royce removed a hand from my breast and pulled my tee shirt off. The image of me sandwiched between two guys while standing in front of a glass patio door flashed through my mind, making me even hotter. Fortunately, the room faced the ocean so only a helicopter could see in. Didn't I see an offer for helicopter tours? Jason's tongue on the back of my leg brought me back to the moment. I heard a moaning and then realized it was me. Royce reached behind me and untied my bikini top. I shed it without breaking the kiss. I could feel both my nipples standing out firmly. Royce continued stroking my breasts and playing with my nipples, gently pinching and rolling them with his fingers as Jason licked and kissed his way up the backs of my legs and rear. I lost my balance. Royce quickly caught me.

'I have to lay down,' I sighed. 

Royce laid me on my back on the bed with my knees hanging off the edge. He lowered his mouth to suck on my nipple. Jason moved up and kissed me, fondling my other breast. Royce's hand stroked its way down my torso and began gently rubbing me though my thong. I was in heaven. I just lay there as two guys pleasured me. My experience in men had always been nearly the opposite. I had never felt anything even remotely as pleasurable. I was moaning a lot now, stroking Jason's head as he kissed me, trying to return the pleasure my body was feeling to him though my mouth. Royce detached his mouth from my nipple with an audible pop and whispered into my ear. 

'I am going to take your bikini bottom off and eat your pussy 'til you cum.' I moaned in response. Jason stopped kissing me for a moment.

'I wanted to eat you also,' he added. 

'Later' I squeaked and drew his lips close to kiss them again. Most my boyfriends were reluctant to eat me, and here I had two guys who were eager! Royce began pulling down my thong, and I lifted my hips to help him. I now lay there completely nude but for my thin gold necklace and anklet. Jason broke his kiss again and backed away. I looked up to see the two, still clad in their tented swimming trunks and tees, staring lustfully at me, their eyes sweeping up and down my naked body. They gently stroked me with their hands from each side as I lay there, paralyzed by the pleasure, for what seemed like hours. Finally I moaned.

'Somebody kiss me!'

'Where?' smiled Jason. 

I reached up for him. He came down and kissed me again, stripping his tee shirt. Royce spread my legs as I held Jason's head and braced for the exquisite pleasure of Royce's tongue on my clit. He kissed the inside of my knee instead. I jumped anyway. Jason began working my breast with his hand as Royce's tongue worked its way up the inside of my thigh with almost a painfully slow pace. I moaned and squirmed, trying to pour my frustration out into Jason's kiss. I felt Royce's hot breath on my pussy and nearly squealed in anticipation. Moments later his tongue descended on me and my hips buck instinctively. Jason broke the kiss and moved down to suck on my other nipple. I gasped and moaned. After mere moments of the attention to my pussy and breasts I felt I was near. I pulled Jason up to me and kissed him as I came. I practically screamed into his mouth. The orgasm was intense after all the tension that had built up. 

'That was wonderful' I sighed at Jason. 

I knew Royce was about to finally mount me. Instead he plopped on the bed beside me. 

'That was wonderful' I sighed again to Royce. 

I kissed Royce, tasting myself all over his lips and face. I felt Jason get up and move down between my legs. I kissed Royce and waited for the pleasure of finally being fucked. 

'Its later now,' I heard Jason say, and a moment later felt his tongue on my pussy as he began to eat me. I squealed in delight. I held on to Royce and kissed him as he caressed my breasts. This was exquisite. After a few minutes, Royce moved a pillow up and pushed it under my head. Then he got up and repositioned himself so that he was kneeling over my head. I looked down and could see Jason eating me, his nose resting on my bush. I gasped. I had never been eaten with the lights on, and here we were well illuminated by the sun pouring through the patio window. Jason opened his eyes and they locked with mine. I thought this was so erotic I felt as aroused as ever. Royce reached around and started rolling my nipples between his thumb and forefingers. I began moaning again, watching my pussy being eaten and my breasts worked. I came again in no time, even harder than before. Royce moved off to my side. Jason stood up and stepped out of his swimsuit. He was fully erect and ready to go. He placed my knees over his shoulders and positioned his cock at the opening of my sopping pussy. 

'Fuck me.' I begged, and he slammed himself home in one sweet thrust. 

Jason leaned forward, his feet still on the floor, mine pointing to the ceiling, and kissed me before beginning to pound me. I held on to his shoulders and gasped in pleasure with each thrust. After a few minutes, he all of a sudden lunged into me and then pulled out.

'Did you come?' I asked, surprised.

'No, not yet,' he replied, moving aside. 

I instantly saw what was going on, as Royce moved in to take Jason's place. Jason now lay beside me as Royce pounded away on me. I had never been screwed this long and I was loving it. Royce must have gotten close and pulled out. 

'Straddle me,' ordered Jason and I gladly did, rolling over to mount him. 

He fondled my tits as I rode him. I came again and slumped onto his chest, his still-hard cock burning inside me. He rolled over on me and then pulled out. Royce rolled me back on my stomach and raised my hips, entering me from behind and doing me doggie style as Jason watched from the side. As good as this felt, I knew I wouldn't be able to keep it up forever, and I wanted to be sure there two studs were as sexually fulfilled when we were done as I was. 

'I can't keep this up forever,' I gasped between thrusts. A memory from an old porno mag I had once seen came to mind. 'Let me suck your cock while he fucks me,' I said to Jason. It made a pit in my stomach just saying that. Royce stopped thrusting for a minute in surprise, but Jason lost no time in positioning his dick under my mouth. Royce began thrusting again and I tried to focus on sucking Jason's cock and not the cock ramming in and out of my hot pussy. Jason didn't last long, moaning in just a few minutes that he was cumming. And cum he did, shooting what felt like a cup of cum into my mouth and making some great noises too. I tried to hold it all in my mouth as he withdrew. Royce thrusting was still steady, and I realized that I had no place to spit while I was being fucked. I swallowed all of Jason's cum, gasping as it went down. 

'Did she swallow it?' asked and incredulous sounding Royce.

'Yes,' replied Jason.

Swallowing cum must have really turned Royce on, because he quickened his pace and soon roared and shot what felt like a load and a half into me. We collapsed into a pile, and Royce rolled off of me. I looked over to Jason to see the sun setting into the sea and his cock already at half-mast. Nodding to his stiffening member, Jason said

'Are you ready for us to switch places?'

'Sure, since you look like you're ready!' I beamed. 

I was already sore, but they certainly deserved all my body could give them after the incredible experience I had already had. Jason rolled me back to my knees, grabbed my hips and entered me from behind. I looked over to Royce and saw that he was hardening too.

'Would you like me to swallow your cum, too?' I purred.

Royce scrambled over, presenting his semi-rigid member to me. I began sucking his cock, licking off my juices and his cum, as Jason fucked me from behind. Royce fondled my breasts underneath me as he stiffened quickly from my oral efforts and was soon moaning steadily. The combination of Jason's cock pounding me and Royce's hands on my tits really worked me up and I started rocking my hips back into him. It was getting hard to concentrate on Royce's cock as I could feel myself getting close to a climax. Jason continued to pump into me rhythmically and soon I started to quiver as another orgasm ripped through me. I screamed around Royce's dick as I struggled to keep up the action on him. Royce responded to my screams by moaning that he was cumming and told me to swallow it all. I focused as best I could in the throes of my continuing orgasm and pushed him over the edge. Fortunately for me, he must have shot most of his load into my pussy and, although he seemed to cum hard, the amount was manageable. I arched my back and showed him his cum in my mouth. His jaw dropped. I swallowed it all and put my head back down to enjoy the fuck I was getting. After a few more minutes of Jason screwing me he groaned and came for the second time. We collapsed on the bed again. After a few minutes of catching our breath, I teasingly asked if they were up for another round, knowing full well they had fucked themselves dry. 

'Yeah, I'm ready' said Royce.

I looked over to him, stunned. Sure enough, he was hardening again.

'I can go again after you," added Jason. I figured since I had offered, I shouldn't turn them down, but I told them

'My knees can't this anymore.'

'That's not a problem,' said Royce.

Royce rolled me over on my back and mounted me. I hoped I would have the stamina to satisfy Jason after him. All those hours on the stair stepper couldn't help me now. I could feel the cum from two loads seeping out of me, acting as a lubricant, and the missionary position also made it easy on me--I just had to leave my legs spread. It was getting dark in the room, as the sun had gone down, and Jason turned on a light. I felt totally exposed again--getting screwed in the sunlight didn't seem quite as lewd as screwing at night in front of a patio window with the lights on. I was turned on again. Jason lay next to me and I stroked his dick to full hardness as Royce pounded into me. I motioned him over to me and sucked his glistening cock as he fondled my tits. I hoped that I would get him close so I could satisfy him quickly and close my legs. Royce finally came again, collapsing onto me and rolling of. Jason looked at me.

'You sure you're OK to go one more round?' 

'Yeah, I'm fine,' I lied 'Just don't take too long, or I'll pass out'

'Well, with 3 loads of cum in you, it may take a little while,' he said, entering me. 

We heard a sound and turned to see Royce asleep already. We laughed and Jason began pumping me. We stared at each other in silence as he slowly screwed me to his orgasm. When he came with a groan, he collapsed on top of me.

'This was the most incredible day of my life,' he said, kissing me.

'Fuck of the century,' I agreed. 

He rolled off of me and I finally could close my legs. I got up and hobbled to the bathroom. When I came out, they were both sleeping. I looked at my clothes and started getting dressed. It was only 8 pm, but I was at least as bushed as they were. Somehow, I just didn't feel like wearing a thong back to my hotel. I got into one of their swimming trunks instead, took the other one, and left a note on the mirror says thanks for the great time and I was trading swimming attire with them. I kissed them both and left.

Epilogue

I spend that night and the whole next day in my room. Not that I had a choice, I could hardly move! Thinking about, I felt it would be best to leave the area and not run into them again. Maybe I was afraid of what would happen, I don't know. So I went a few resort towns down the coast. And things were just as interesting there...but that is another story.