 Movie Night II: the Return

I ended up kissing John all the way up the stairs, with Drew behind us, fingering me under my skirt. I was tempted to just lie down there on the stairs and let whichever one was closer take me right there, but they kept pulling and prodding me along in my state of near-orgasmic bliss until finally we got safely inside John's room with the door closed.

I collapsed on the bed, legs wide and my skirt pushed up my thighs, and Drew took of my blouse while John pushed his head down into my pussy and gave my clit the licking it had been craving. While Drew sucked and pinched my nipples, John lapped along my soaking slit, alternately nibbling on my clit and fucking me with his tongue. I was moaning and trying not to scream out my pleasure while at the same time begging one of them, both of them, someone to fuck me.

They both stopped their attentions to me at the same time, making me mewl with discontent, but my pussy kept spasming, my nipples stayed rock hard, and my vision cleared enough that I could watch them get undressed. God, they were both so hot. Maybe later I'd think to wonder why they wanted me, but for now I was content to just let it all happen.

Once naked, they came back to the bed to lie down on either side of me, each taking a breast in his mouth and moving a hand down to stroke my pussy. The desire that I'd thought had calmed down rose up in me even stronger, and soon I was fucking up at their fingers and telling them how much I loved the way their mouths felt on my tits and their fingers in my hot, wet pussy.

John rolled onto his back, bringing me over on top of him, and Drew took John's cock and slid it inside me. Finally, I was full and it felt so fucking good. I just sat there for a moment, impaled on John's cock and revelling in the way it stretched me around him. Then Drew came up behind me, and I could feel his cock against my ass and his hands on my breasts, and I had to start fucking.

I pushed my ass back at Drew with every stroke and held his hands close against my breasts, my eyes closed and a look of ecstasy on my face. All sorts of things were spewing from my mouth from telling them how hard I was cumming to begging for even more. Then I suddenly found myself asking Drew to fuck my ass.

The boys actually paused for a split-second to process what I'd just said, and I found myself blushing bright red, but so turned on that I just said it again. 

I brought Drew around in front of me to suck his cock and get it nice and wet so that it could slip into my ass, and John surprised me by leaning up and taking a few licks himself. I was definitely going to have to ask these boys some questions later. Between us, John and I soon had Drew's cock dripping in our saliva, and then he moved back around me. I was expecting to feel his cock right away, but instead I felt his tongue, bathing my ass with his spit as extra lubricant. I came again when it slipped inside me briefly, and John was hard-pressed not to follow suit.

Drew assessed the situation and realised that the quicker he got in me, the better for all concerned, and so he pressed his cockhead against my ass. I relaxed as much as I could and he moved slowly, and soon the head was in. We all stopped moving at that point so that I could get used to it, and soon I was able to push back at him a bit and get some more in me. 

The boys were both groaning about how hot and tight I was, and I was in a multi-orgasmic haze from having so much cock in me. We fucked in a steady rhythm, all moaning and swearing and gasping at the sensations, and then John leaned up and took a nipple into his mouth, and Drew gave my ass a little swat and I was cumming so hard around them that neither of them could hold on. 

After they came, they stroked a few more times, getting the last of their loads inside me, and we all fell into a heap on the bed. I could feel the cum seeping out of me and onto the bed, and I wondered what John's mother would think when she washed the sheets.

That's the last thing that passed through my mind before I fell into a blissful sleep.