 Movie Night III: It Continues!

I woke up early the next morning with Drew spooned up close behind my and my head resting on John's lower stomach. That's the only thing that actually convinced me that the previous night had been real. If I hadn't had a cock pressed against my ass and another one practically in my mouth, I would have been able to make myself believe it had all been a dream.

John had a morning hardon that was quite impressive to see. It was thick and hard and pointing at me, and I decided that this was a golden opportunity that I couldn't let pass me by. I'd always wanted to be an "alarm clock" in this manner.

I kissed his stomach and slowly, so as not to disturb him or Drew, moved down a bit and then kissed him again. I ran my index finger oh so gently up and down the shaft, marvelling at it's tumescence and smiling at how pink it looked in the dawn light coming through the window. I felt John shiver a little under my cheek, but he didn't seem to wake up. I leaned up, inadvertently pushing my ass back at Drew, and kissed the head, softly, licking around it and tasting a little bit of my pussy juice still left from the night before. I bit my lip as I slowly eased myself away from Drew and up onto my hands and knees so that I could take John fully into my mouth.

I kissed his thighs and gently licked his balls before I opened wide and breathed hotly on his cockhead. I closed my eyes for a moment in anticipation of what I was about to do, then took him wetly into my mouth. I was almost drooling in my desire for him at this point and let my saliva drip down his shaft, lubricating it so that I could slide him in and out more easily. I heard him moan as he shifted his position, and I started to suck him harder and I sighed around his cock. He muttered something in confusion, then he looked down and saw me and he got the biggest smile on his face. I smiled back and eased off his cock to say good morning, then went back to it. He grabbed a pillow to put behind his head so that he could watch me fuck my mouth up and down on his cock, and I blushed, but wanted him to watch me.

I blushed even redder when he woke up Drew because I "need something in that hot pussy of hers." But at the same time, I wasn't about to say no. Drew was soon fucking my pussy from behind and commenting that eventually he wanted to see my face while he fucked me. That gave me a fit of the giggles and I started choking on John's cock, but I soon got control of myself and was able to suck him, again.

John told Drew to spank me again like he had last night since I seemed to really get off on it, and no sooner were the words out of his mouth than I felt a big, strong hand land with a slap on my ass. I closed my eyes and moaned around John's cock. "What do you know? She really does like it," Drew said with amazement, then he slapped me again. I came up for air again and told John that if he didn't start pulling my nipples like he had before that I'd stop sucking his cock. That definitely got him to do what I wanted.

Between the spankings and the nipple play I was so hot and ready to cum, and I sucked John with even more enthusiasm, no longer going slowly, but speeding up so that he would give me his load. Drew started fucking me faster, too, and I felt him push a finger in my ass the next time he spanked me, and I was gone. I shuddered around his cock and moaned around John's, pausing in my oral ministrations while I let my orgasm rush through me. After recovering, I sucked him as hard as I could while lightly squeezing his balls and I was rewarded with his load streaming down my throat. Drew followed suit moments later.

The collapsed, but this time I was still horny, so I knelt above them, fingering my pussy and pinching, pulling, and twisting my nipples until I came again. Then I walked out of the room, still completely naked, and went to have a shower.

I turned the water on in the shower and while I waited for it to heat up, I idly stroked my pussy. It was a little tender from my recent activities, but I still felt tingles all through my lower body as my fingers traced up and down my lips. I gathered up some of the cum that was dripping out of me and smoothed it over my lips before sucking my fingers clean. I shook myself out of my trance and got into the shower.

The warm water felt good as it slid over my body. My nipples, still slightly hard and very sensitive, thrilled to the feeling of the droplets hitting them. I stood under the spray, letting it soak my hair and and run down my skin. I leaned against the shower wall and and felt the gentle caressing of the water and thought back to what had just transpired.

Soon, my hands were cupping my breasts, softly stroking the smooth flesh and just barely brushing my nipples, gasping slightly at the sensations that passed through me. I closed my eyes, enjoying the coolness of the tiles on my back and the warmth of water on my front, and my hands wandered down, over my stomach, across my hips, to my pussy that was once more on fire.

My left hand opened my lips so that my right could stroke up and down my slit. I pinched my clit, causing my back to arch and a moan to erupt from my mouth. As my fingers rubbed back and forth on my clit, I lifted a breast to my mouth and sucked on a nipple, biting it lightly. With one last pinch of my clit, I shuddered and came.

I heard a knock on the door, then. It was Samantha saying that she really needed to go and was I going to be much longer? I told her I was just washing my hair and would be another five or ten minutes, but that she could come in if she really needed to.

The door opened and closed and then I heard the telltale sound of my best friend peeing. We chatted a bit about the movies and how I was amazed that I was actually liking them, then she asked the big question. "Are you and Drew a thing now?" And since she was my best friend, I took a deep breath and told her.

She was intrigued.