 After Rachel's mind-blowing night with Toni, she could hardly think of anything else during the rest of the weekend. She knew she wanted to be with Toni again, but she was also craving the feeling of a rock-hard cock between her legs.

During first period on the next Monday, she sat quietly in her calculus class thinking of ways to fulfill her next fantasy. She knew Toni would want to fuck again; she had been extremely horny and anxious to be fucked for as long as the two had been friends. Rachel knew that being with a girl for the first time would have definitely piqued Toni's excitement and sex drive. 

Rachel looked around her class, thinking of who she'd like to hook up with next. She'd already hooked up with Jack, a medium-sized guy with a sharp face and short brown hair, when she had been a sophomore. He only wanted to get his dick sucked though and wasn't too great at returning the favor. Thomas, the tall, blue-eyed blonde with firm muscles and a sleek build, was another story. Most of the girls fawned after him, and she'd love to have his supposedly huge, pulsing cock in her increasingly wet pussy. 

"Rachel, can you help me derive this equation?" Miss Hendricks asked.

With that, Rachel was brought back to reality from her reverie. 

Later that day at lunch, Toni had already formulated a plan, which she was in the process of explaining to Rachel. Toni was wearing a tight pink tank-top and a skinny mini-skirt, revealing her bronzed legs and bulging breasts. 

"This weekend Rach, there's going to be a huge basketball party at Greg's. It's on Friday night. I was thinking after our last movie night.... we might want to go on the prowl. If you're ok with that?"

"Absolutely," said Rachel, who had been thinking the exact same thing. 

"You know me, I like a good cock every now and again," Toni said. 

"You want a threesome?" Rachel asked, flushing with excitement.

"Yeah, I'd absolutely love one. You know me too well, Rach. I've been checking out Simon for a while, and I know he likes you a lot. Maybe we could get with him. I'd love to have him inside of me. I've heard he's tall in more way than one."

Simon was the basketball team's leading point guard. He was 6' 3", had rich black skin, a close shaved head, and a well-defined face. He had soft eyes, a thin and well-shaped nose, and a high jaw bone that fully accented the beauty of his profile. Rachel had always thought he was the nicest looking player on the entire team. Simon often noticed Rachel as well, wearing her usual black miniskirt, with a pink thong peeking out of the top and gorgeous legs and firm ass beautifully shown off.

"Sounds like we have a plan," Rachel said as she finished her drink. 

The week seemed excruciatingly long and Rachel often had to rely on her pink, egg shaped vibrator to get her through the more difficult moments. Toni was having similar problems, but she preferred her massaging showerhead for giving her a helping hand. 

On Friday night, brimming with excitement, the girls drove together to the party. They were both wearing tight designer t-shirts and short, spandex shorts, meant to reveal their supple, young bodies. They were succeeding quite easily at this goal. Rachel looked like a blonde goddess with tits standing at attention and her long legs running up to a pair of firmly cupped ass cheeks, barely hidden by her shorts. Toni's massive chest was straining against the fabric of her light t-shirt, providing an excellent view of her pink nipples. He ass seemed to be even less well covered than Rachel's. 

Once they arrived, Rachel and Toni made a beeline for Simon and began to drink beers and chat. Simon was ecstatic that the girls were so interested in him. After her third beer, Rachel was feeling one hell of a buzz. She and Toni had been flirting with Simon for a while now, all three standing in a corner.

"Wanna head up to a place a little more private?" Rachel asked with the help of her liquid courage.

"Yeah, why don't we," Toni seconded.

Simon was a bit surprised both girls wanted to head off to get some privacy, but he was still hoping he get some alone time with one of them. 

Once upstairs, they all went into the empty master's bedroom, adorned in flowery sheets, and expensive rugs. The two girls sat down on the bed, while Simon stood facing them.

"Well, what's so secret we needed all this privacy?" Simon asked.

"Well, Toni and I were just wondering if you wanted to have a little fun...."

"What kind of fun were you thinking?"

As the words came out of Simon's mouth, Toni reached over and pulled Rachel into an embrace, forcefully and passionately kissing her beautiful, blonde friend. As he watched, a bulge started to form in Simon's pants. The girls took off each other's shirts, then bras, and finally their spandex shorts revealing a lack of panties, as Simon looked on in awe, cock at full attention, beer in hand.

The girls were kneeling, facing each other, tongues intertwined and hands exploring each other's luscious breasts, teasing the nipples and massaging up and down the entirety of the breast. After a minute of this, Toni pulled away, and with a sweet look in her almond eyes, asked Simon, "Wanna join the party?

Before Simon could respond, Rachel had moved to the edge of the bed, pushed her hand inside Simon's shorts, and grabbed his granite dick. Setting his beer on the dresser, he quickly pulled off his shorts and shed his boxers, revealing a well-groomed dick that must have been at least eight inches long; not too big but definitely not too small: the perfect kind of just right. Pulling his shirt off, he revealed a sleek physique and a set of tightly formed abs.

Rachel, rubbing her hand up and down his big cock, caused his dick to pulse as the sensation of her soft hand moved up and down his shaft. Simon looked down in ecstasy as her hand ran its way up and down his entire cock, causing a slow dribble of precum to form at the top of his dick. With a quick motion of her head and a swish of blonde hair, she took him into her mouth. She started at the top, rubbing her soft tongue up and down, back and forth, around and around his dickhead. She poked in and around his dickhole, rubbing down his shaft the entire time. Then she began to take him deeper and deeper into her mouth, finally sucking his long cock all the way back into her throat, making soft gurgling sounds as she went, tongue still working sensually up his shaft. While she sucked his hard black cock, he pressed her beautifully blonde head deeper, and watched as Toni began to eat her pussy from behind. Simon loved the feeling of his cock moving deeper and deeper into Rachel's wet throat as her tongue teased him, and he pulled quickly in and out. 

Rachel loved the slightly salty taste of cock in her mouth as she forced Simon's cock deeper and deeper into the back of her throat. The tight feeling of his cock filling her mouth as she ran her tongue along the shaft turned her on immensely, causing her pussy to become even wetter. She also loved Toni's tongue in her pussy, making slow circles around her clit and flitting into and out of her slit. Toni's soft pink tongue caused increasing amounts of bliss and wetness in Rachel. Occasionally, a finger or two would explore their way into the depths of her slit, causing her to let out a gargled moan and spurring an irrepressible contraction as Toni brushed against her g-spot. 

After five minutes of multiple layers of bliss, Toni and Rachel switched positions. Toni excitedly put Simon's glistening black cock into her mouth as he let out a gasp of pleasure. She worked his cock at a much faster rate, moving her head up and down at a quick rate, letting his thick cock pound into the back of her throat. As he fucked her face, Simon rubbed her massive, bouncing tits from above, as she was blowing him on all fours, so Rachel could eat her pussy.

Toni let out constricted moans as Simon's cock shot in and out of her throat like a gorgeous black piston. Rachel, learning from her last experience, started by briefly tonguing Toni's pussy with quick, crosswise strokes of the tongue, before she moved to her friend's asshole. This brief pussy eating, with tongue moving across and throughout the folds of Toni's pussy and occasionally brushing across her small, beadlike clit, caused a flow of rich, sweet, warm juice to trail from Toni's slit to her ass. Rachel continued to slide two fingers into her friends slit as her nimble tongue maneuvered to make deeper and deeper circles into Toni's asshole. Toni could feel her ass and pussy make slight contractions as her friend worked her way into them with her tongue and fingers. 

Simon joyfully watched the girls pleasuring each other as Toni continued to bring his hard cock deeper and deeper into her throat as he thrust his hips. Toni's blowjob was far more intense and slightly more stimulating than Rachel's had been. As he was pumping, Rachel's head emerged from Toni's glistening ass cheeks.

"Would you like to pound that hammer into something else?" Rachel asked saltily as she turned around on the bed, ass in the air, pussy facing Simon. 

Toni came up from Simon's cock, and moved to the front of the bed so Rachel could continue to eat her out. 

"Let me find a condom," Simon mumbled as he continued to stroke his dick. 

With a mischievous smirk, Rachel said, "Don't worry, I'm on the pill. I want to feel all of you inside of me. Every last rock hard inch."

Excitedly, Simon moved forward to fuck Rachel with all of his might. With his strong hands, Simon gripped Rachel's firm, white hips, and slowly drove his thick, black cock into her pink honeypot as she let out a low sigh of ecstasy. His cock slid in easily, but he could feel the tight resistance of her young and dripping pussy as he pushed forward. He had never been inside a girl bareback before, and he had never been inside such a beautiful blonde before. From his vantage point, he had the perfect view: Rachel's tight white ass and athletic back culminated in her shining blonde head, which was currently buried in Toni's pussy (and ass, depending on the tongue stroke). Toni, who had changed positions, was on her back, head thrown back onto a pillow, with her large tits, two perfectly formed globes with pink points on top, bouncing as she convulsed with pleasure. Her smooth stomach ended in Rachel's glowing hair as her friend continued to alternate between quickly whipping her tongue into and out of Toni's pussy and flitting it into her puckering asshole. 

Simon was picking up his tempo, sweat glistening on his muscles as he continued to pound in and out of Rachel's slit. His thick, black dick shot into and out of her pink hole, faster and faster as his tempo picked up. He could feel an incredible amount of pressure building up in his cock and his balls as he came closer and closer to the point of blowing his load. Rachel's pussy felt like a magnificent type of wet silk, with just the right of pressure added, as he pushed in and out of her. He moved his cock up and down and from slightly different angles each time he reentered Rachel, causing her to let out small gasps as she ate Toni's ass. He could feel each stroke of his cock bringing them closer to climax. 

As he was reaching his zenith, his concentration was broken as Toni sat up and moved to the end of the bed. She reached off the bed and slid a thin tube out of her purse. 

"Are you close, babe?" she asked.

Simon gave an affirmative grunt.

"Me too. How would you like to finish in my ass? Rachel's loosened it up nicely."

Simon's eyes lit up as he slowly pulled out of Rachel. Toni was already lying on her back, using the small tube she had grabbed to squirt lube into her asshole. She seductively pushed her lubed middle finger into her small, clenched sphincter. 

She turned to a panting Rachel, "Sit on my face with your back to Simon. I want to show you the magic of a rim job."

Rachel obeyed almost immediately as Simon moved over. Before Rachel took her place, Toni, with knees up and to the side, back arched slightly, rubbed lube onto Simon's quivering cock as she slowly guided his massive rod into her firm asshole. With each centimeter of cock that entered her, Toni shook slightly and let out a slightly higher-pitched moan. Once Simon was fully inside of her, he began to slowly push in and out of her asshole, never fully coming out for fear of not being able to get back into this tight and mystical cavern. 

From this moment on, he knew he could never love pussy in the same way. Although Rachel was mind blowing, the blissfully surrounding pressure of such a tight ass and the very excitement of being in a girl's ass were bringing Simon to new levels of arousal. His erection was almost painfully hard as he began to pick up speed, forcing Toni's asshole wider and going deeper. He cupped her supple tits, feeling their firm interior and soft exterior simultaneously. Toni had wrapped her legs around Simon, bringing his hard cock as far as possible into her now gaping asshole. She loved the rough, albeit slightly painful, sensation of a cock filling her ass. She could feel arousal shooting through her body from every nerve in her ass, sending waves of excitement to her soaking pussy. 

At this point, Rachel had fully assumed the position. She was slightly nervous at first as she felt Toni's tongue reach into her asshole, but within a half second she let out a gasp of excitement and arousal. She was being stimulated in a whole new way. A finger was rubbing her G-spot, as a tongue first pumped deeply in and out of her asshole and then circled around the entrance to her brown eye. With a second, louder gasp, she felt Toni's lubed index finger probe into her asshole, rubbing her on all sides. This continued for a few seconds and then transformed back into a soft, yet deeply searching, tongue. She had never gotten so close to orgasm this quickly. 

Simon, one hand on Toni's left breast, one now rubbing her clit in circles, was pounding as fast as possible in his position. He could feel Toni beginning to heave upwards, and he knew he couldn't last much longer. 

"Fuck my little ass. Oh, oh, sweet Jesus fuck me Simon!" came the muffled scream from Toni as she began to enter a massive orgasm, wave after wave crashing through her body, causing her to undulate with pleasure. 

With the first tight contraction of her ass muscles, Simon felt his floodgates open like a blissful dam. With strong strokes and pumps, his throbbing black cock shot load after load of cum into Toni's asshole. She could feel his warm juices filling her ass to the brim as her entire body shook from orgasm. Her tongue was still in Rachel's ass as she writhed in pleasure. After what felt like eons of ecstasy, Simon pulled his still hard black cock out of Toni's ass. Glistening white cum began to drip slowly onto the bed from her asshole as she moaned deeply. 

To his surprise, Simon found out he wasn't done. Rachel, tits at full perk and pussy sopping wet, had yet to cum. She almost scrambled across Toni to reach Simon's still hard cock. Like she was starving for cock, Rachel took Simon deeply back into her throat, disregarding the fact he had just been in her friend's ass. Even though Simon had blown a huge load and he was tired from fucking like a workhorse, Rachel's desperate desire to be fucked turned him on immensely. After a couple minutes of throat pounding cock sucking, Simon could feel his cock regaining its fully rock hard status. He saw Rachel smile as she felt this. Toni was still lying on the bed, eyes closed in blissful remembrance.

When she felt Simon's cock regain full hardness, Rachel pulled her soft mouth away, handed Simon the lube, and pointed her ass in his direction. After applying more lube to his dick, and rubbing a bit into Rachel's asshole, gently probing into her ass and pussy with his fingers, Simon slowly guided his once again throbbing dick into a begging asshole for the second time in his life. Simon saw Toni had regained a bit of libido as well, and was now standing above Rachel on the bed, pussy in range of Rachel's stroking tongue. 

Simon was a big fan of the new doggy style position. Hands firmly on Rachel's jumping breasts, Simon quickly picked up speed as he rammed his ebony cock into her little white ass. Taste of pussy in her mouth, steel cock in her ass, Rachel was in absolute bliss. She felt completely full. Although Simon's cock was stretching her ass and it was a quite painful, it was definitely a good hurt. She had never taken it in the ass before, but her enjoyment was magnified by the size of the oncoming orgasm she was holding back. Simon could feel Rachel was even tighter than Toni, probably from playing less with her own ass. He loved the strong resistance on his cock as he fought his way back in with every push and the walls of Rachel's ass massaged his dick. Once again, with Rachel's head bobbing and disengaging from her friend's pussy, he could feel the asshole open and close quickly around his cock as Rachel let out loud shouts of pleasure and came around him. This time, he rode his bucking partner for half of her orgasm, until his cock could stand the building tingling, sensation of bliss no longer. He felt his own orgasm rock through him as he dumped any remaining cum into Rachel's contracting asshole. 

After a few final thrusts, Simon fell onto the bed between the two still panting girls. He had barely noticed that Toni had reached a second climax from Rachel's quick moving tongue and the sight of Rachel getting fucked in the ass by Simon. Simon could barely believe his luck as he lay between the two gorgeous girls. He wasn't even sure if the team would believe this story—or if he would even want to tell them about his weekend escapades.