 The entire day seemed to be filled with trouble, not big trouble, but little annoyances that seemed to get into the way. First of all, there was an aggressive driver on his way to work. Who likes sharing the road with someone who wants to act like a complete jerk? Next, a person with whom Eric worked with seemed to want to argue with the littlest thing, over whose turn it was to take out all of the garbage. It has never been a "turn thing," but just part of the job. (It was that guys turn). Eric thought about leaving it under the guy's desk, but ended up taking it out instead. After work, Eric was in a hurry to get home so he could relax and enjoy the evening. But, on the way back home, there was a tractor pulling a piece of field equipment that was being followed by a long line of cars.

Then, the internet was down when Eric got home, and he had spent a half an hour on the phone getting it back up- half of that time was spent on hold. It was a compatibility issue with the cable box that he had, and an upgrade that they had done on their end.

When the doorbell rang, Rebecca finished pulling her dark hair into a pony tail, before opening the door to greet Jade. Jade was wearing jeans and a tee shirt, with her own long, dark hair pulled into a braid.

"Hey!" Jade said.

"Hey to you, too!" Rebecca said, giving Jade a big, full hug. While they were hugging, they seemed to be whispering into each other's ears.

Eric could only stand behind Rebecca, wondering what they were whispering about. He did enjoy seeing the two of them hugging each other so intimately, bodies pressed together, lips nearly touching ears, and breasts pushing against each other breasts. It made him start to get hard just looking at them. Then, he was surprised when they broke apart and Jade gave him a big hug as well. She seemed to be (or was pretending to be) oblivious to the semi hard on that was pressing against her. Eric was always good and had limited contact with other females, especially bodily contact, so he was more than a little uncomfortable hugging Jade. He looked at Rebecca questioningly to see if she disapproved, but she only smiled and nodded her head. So, he enjoyed the brief, warm hug.

"Well," Eric said, trying to regain his composure when she let go of him. "Uh, thanks."

"Yeah," she said. "I figured I gave Rebecca a hug, so you should get one too. Besides, she said it was okay."

He looked at Rebecca, again, who only silently laughed as she looked down at his crotch. She must be up to something, he thought.

Jade was carrying a large cloth bag, which she had brought in with her. Eric could see some clothes in it when she opened it to pull out two chilled bottles of white wine. He had wondered why she had brought so much wine, since Rebecca didn't really drink at all, and he was only a social drinker.

The next "trouble" was the pizza itself. Eric liked almost all kinds of pizza, but Rebecca and Jade were a different story. He had to drive fifteen minutes to pick it up in the next town over; and the reason that Eric had to drive to pick up the pizza for Rebecca and Jade, was because they both had liked the same types of toppings and crust that the local pizza place didn't have -- all vegie with a whole wheat crust. Rebecca and Jade decided to stay at the house and talk while he was driving back and forth. He swung by his local pizza place on his way back and picked up a hot sub that he had ordered.

When he got back, they were both chatting away, sitting on the two couches that faced each other. They both cheered like he was the returning hero as he came into the front door. Rebecca greeted him with a kiss, and he could taste wine on her lips. He was surprised because it had been years since she had drank anything.

"Thanks Babe!" Rebecca said.

"It was my pleasure," Eric said.

"Yeah, thanks Eric," Jade said.

"No problem," Eric said. "Do you want anything else?"

"I'm good," Jade said.

"Nope, we are all good," Rebecca said.

Rebecca took the box from him and sat beside Jade, sitting as close together as they could, with the box in both of their laps. They fed each other the first slices, laughing as the toppings dribbled down into the pizza box. Eric thought that it was a little strange, and also sexy at the same time, but didn't say anything. He sat down across from them and ate his sub while trying to contribute to their conversation when and where he could.

When their food was finished, and Eric had cleaned everything up, the two women enjoyed the wine that Jade had brought as the conversation continued to flow. While they talked, Jade suggested a movie to watch while they let their food digest.

Eric turned everything on and found the movie while the two friends kept talking. When the movie started, they both quieted down, then leaned back and relaxed. Rebecca snuggled in, next to Eric.

The movie had some action scenes to keep Eric interested, and some romantic scenes to keep the women interested. It was during one of the few sex scenes that Rebecca surprised Eric.

On screen, the male and female lead, who had already had a sex scene together, had brought another female to their bed. They were all stripping each other's clothes off. There was a lot of kissing and touching, and a lot of bare flesh.

Sitting on the couch, Rebecca had snuck her hand into Eric's lap and was stoking the hard on that had begun to tent in his jeans. He glanced at Jade out of the corner of his eyes, but she didn't seem to notice.

"What are you doing?" he whispered to Rebecca.

"Just be quiet and enjoy it," Rebecca whispered back.

"You are being such a tease," Eric thought, but stayed quiet.

He turned his face toward the TV, but kept an eye on Jade, but she didn't even look their way once, but she did seem to be slightly smiling. Rebecca kissed his neck while she rubbed him through his pants. He tried not to squirm as she did. When the scene was over, she stopped massaging his cock through his pants, but left her hand on it.

"Hey, I need another glass," Rebecca said, leaning over, grabbing her empty wine glass.

"Yeah, me too," Jade said, draining her glass.

Eric stood up, trying to turn away from Jade as he did, and adjusted his hard on. While he walked away he heard both of them laugh. They were up to something.

In the kitchen, he found the wine bottle three fourths empty. He wasn't drinking, in case he was sent out for something. That had meant they both had at least two glasses each. He drained the bottle between the two glasses and walked back out to the living room. Rebecca and Jade were leaning toward one another, engaged in a hushed conversation, and sat back quickly when they saw him come in. Eric looked questioningly at them, but didn't say anything.

"Thanks Babe," Rebecca said when Eric handed her glass to her.

"Yeah, thanks 'Babe," Jade said, playfully sarcastic, when he handed hers over.

"Yup," Eric said to them both. He walked past them to go the bathroom. He was washing and drying his hands when Rebecca walked in, leaving the door open behind her. Instead of going to the toilet, she went straight to him. She kissed him, unbuttoned and unzipped his pants, and gave his cock a few squeezes before she took him in her mouth. He was instantly hard, and Rebecca enjoyed the feeling of making him get so hard, so quickly, with her mouth.

She kept sucking on him for a few minutes, moving her wonderful mouth up and down his shaft, making him even harder. He gently held onto her head, feeling her move up and down as she sucked on him. Between her gentle sucking and the stroking pressure of her tongue, her mouth was feeling fantastic. Then, all of the sudden she stopped, stood up, and walked out without saying anything. Eric stood there wondering what Rebecca was up to while watching her sexy ass walk away. Also, he could have sworn that he saw Jade walking away in front of her, but he wasn't sure. He stood there for a few seconds, regaining his composure while considering his wife's motives. But he sure wasn't going to protest, since it was incredibly hot. He put his cock back in his pants, carefully zipping back up, before going back out to the living room again. Rebecca looked up at him with a smile.

"Troubles?" She asked.

Eric looked at her, knowing exactly who the "trouble was. He also glanced at Jade, who only smiled up at him, before looking down at the tent in his pants.

"Nope, no trouble at all," he said, sitting beside her on the couch again.

Eric tried to watch the movie again, but Rebecca kept kissing and nibbling on his neck and earlobe while rubbing his crotch. He side glanced at Jade. She wasn't watching the movie at all either, but was looking intently at the two of them. He didn't know what game they were playing, if they were, but he wasn't going to stop them.

"I think that I would like to have one, last glass, please," Rebecca said, handing her glass to Eric.

"Yeah, me too," Jade said. "Just one more." She gave her glass to Eric as well.

He had to open the second bottle, but only filled each glass about half full, because he didn't want to have them both hammered drunk. When he walked out of the kitchen into the dining room, he could clearly see into the living room. This time, he saw Rebecca sitting next to Jade this time, both of them were talking and kept glancing at the TV. Eric waited a few minutes to see if they would do anything more. When they did not, (at least what he was hoping for), and Rebecca moved to the other couch, he walked back into the living room to join them. Rebecca saw him and smiled while Jade quickly hid something behind her back.

When Eric sat back down, he was thanked for the refills, and kissed by Rebecca.

"Let me rub your back," Rebecca said.

"...Okay..." Eric said, wondering why she wanted to do that, but wasn't going to argue.

When he turned his back to her and faced toward the TV, he noticed something had changed. They changed the movie to one that he knew. It was a very steamy, main stream movie with many, many sex scenes. Rebecca sat behind him, straddling her legs around him, and rubbed his shoulders and back for a while. As soon as a sex scene came on, though, she moved from his back, to his belly and started rubbing his crotch, again. He felt her other hand slide down his back and started rubbing his lower back, just above his ass. He knew without looking that she was rubbing herself while she stroked him. Eric noticed that Jade kept glancing in their direction but said nothing. He also noticed that as she lay there, her leg closest to them was cocked up, and that she had her far hand between her legs. It was obvious by the movement of her arm that she was also rubbing herself. By the time two sex scenes had gone by, Eric was very turned on- both by what he was watching, (the movie and the live action), and from Rebecca's ministrations, (on both him and herself). While yet another sex scene was building up, with the lead male kissing his way down to the lead female's panties, Rebecca moved her hand off his crotch and she scooted back some.

"Here, can you take my glass to the kitchen?" Rebecca asked.

"Sure," Eric said, taking her glass. He looked at Jade, but she showed him her glass which still had some wine in it. He did make note, though, that she did not stop moving her hand between her legs while he talked to her.

He didn't even try to hide his hard on this time while he walked out to the kitchen. But, he didn't hear any laughing this time, either. He rinsed out Rebecca's glass and placed it next to the sink to wash later. When he turned around, Rebecca was there. She was holding Jade's glass and gave it to him. He decided to wash both glasses, then. He was placing them in the strainer to dry, when Rebecca called to him. As he turned around he saw that Rebecca was backed up to the kitchen table, had her pants down, and was pulling down her dark gray cotton panties. Her nicely trimmed pubes were looking very tempting as she pulled her panties down past them. She lightly stroked her clit and motioned to him.

"Come here and lick my pussy," she said to him. He didn't hesitate, but went straight over to her and got down on his knees in front of her. She was very aroused, and her scent was delicious he lowered his face to her. Her pussy lips were swollen and glistening with wetness.

He took one long, slow lick up her nether lips. Then again. He dipped his tongue into the center of her pussy and she groaned out loud, thrusting her hips into his face. He pressed his tongue in and out of her for a few minutes before moving to her clit, flicking her sensitive swollen flesh with flicks of his tongue. She ground harder against his face and held onto his hair, shoving him against her crotch. He was had just pressed a finger into her wet hole, thrusting it deep into her while he licked every swollen inch of her pussy, when she stopped him.

"Okay, okay, okay," Rebecca said, gently pushing him away. "That's enough." As he stood up, he heard footsteps receding away from the kitchen. He wondered how long Jade had been watching them. Probably when Rebecca distracted him by taking down her panties and beckoning him over. These two were up to mischief, especially his wonderful wife, and he loved her for it.

He watched as Rebecca pulled up her panties and her pants, but left them undone as she walked out of the room. Eric followed her, adjusting his painfully erect cock as he did.

When they had gotten to the living room, a different movie was on. Eric saw a DVD case laying in front of the TV, which must have been what Jade had hid behind her back earlier. It was a tasteful porn. None of the actresses looked fake or sleazy. Eric looked at Rebecca, who only smiled. He looked at Jade, who also was only smiling.

"Trouble, both of you," Eric thought, happily.

"Here, come sit down," Rebecca said, patting the couch.

Eric obligated her and sat down next to her. He leaned in for a kiss, was given a quick one, but then was pushed away by Rebecca's hand.

"Just do what you are told and watch the movie. Don't worry about anything else, don't look at around anything else, only keep watching the movie," she said. "Or else the fun stops."

Eric nodded his head in agreement and said "okay." He looked over at Jade.

"Just watch the movie, only the movie, and no looking around," Jade said. "No matter how much you want to."

"Most importantly, just remember to do what you are told," Rebecca said. Then she pointed at the TV, smiling.

"That should be easy enough," Eric said, agreeing to their terms.

"No one said anything about easy," Rebecca said, "In fact, we are going to try to make it as hard as possible. Now, watch the movie." Eric caught a double entendre in her words, but said nothing.

Rebecca leaned back into the couch and relaxed, spreading her legs apart as she did, her dark gray panties showing from the open fly in her pants. Eric did as he was told. It seemed to be a collection of different threesomes, one showing after another. He was watching as one woman rode the male lead's cock and the other rode his face, when he heard Rebecca softly moan behind him. He kept watching like he was told, and maintained his gaze on the screen. No matter how bad he wanted to see what was going on behind him, he didn't dare turn his face. He noticed movement in the corner of his eye coming from Jade. He kept his face looking toward the screen, but strained his eyes to see Jade, but could only see her outline and a movement in her direction. When the angle changed on the movie, he risked moving his head slightly toward Jade's direction, pretending to look at the figure at the edge of the screen, and he was rewarded with being able to better see Jade. She had her pants undone like Rebecca, with her leg off of the couch and one hand moving inside her pink underwear. Her own trim black pubic hair contrasting with the pink of her panties. He was glad that he had great peripheral vision. He also felt Rebecca moving behind him and figured that she was doing the same thing. Oh, how he wished that that he could turn his head to watch both of them, instead.

When the people on the screen changed positions, with the male behind one female, and the female with her face buried in the others crotch, Eric heard Jade moan and saw her hand move faster. Then Rebecca moaned, probably at seeing Jade get so excited. Eric was so hard, from action on the screen and live action all around him, he had to adjust his pants. Then, a thought hit him. No one told him that he couldn't join in on stroking himself. He didn't undo his pants, but he did begin to rub himself through them. Then Jade moved from her couch and knelt on the carpet beside Rebecca. He could no longer see anything that was going on behind him, no matter how hard he strained his eyes. He did hear whispering followed by a few minutes of quiet. Then he heard the distinct sound of kissing as Rebecca and Jade's lips broke their kiss over and over again. It was one of his biggest fantasies come true, his wife was kissing another woman and he was right next to him; but he was being tortured because he couldn't watch. The bulge in his pants felt rock hard and he thrust his hips against his hand, trying to get some relief, but it wasn't doing any good as he listened to the two women behind him kiss and make out. He heard one of them let out a surprised moan, which was suppressed by the mouth of the other.

It took every ounce of restraint for Eric not to turn around and watch now. He no longer saw the movie in front of him, but could picture every moment behind him, if only in his mind. Their kissing, many times over, coupled with their hard breathing and occasional moan, was enough to make him so painfully hard. Then, he heard something else as well. Straining, he heard wet clicking sounds, from behind him. Their moaning became deeper, needier, and matched the movement he felt behind him. He knew that Rebecca was being fingered by Jade, and was thrusting onto her fingers, groaning as she did. It was the hottest, sexiest thing. Ever. And he couldn't watch.

"Oh, fuck," Rebecca whispered. "Your fingers feel great..."

"Hhmm, your fingers are great, too," Jade responded.

Eric almost came. Hearing Jade say that, could only mean that Rebecca was fingering Jade as well. He had to will his hand off of his throbbing cock before he did. He was so hard, so wanting to see Rebecca with her fingers buried in the wet pussy of another woman.

Eric heard more kissing and harder breathing by both of them, then Rebecca leaned against his back, moving rhythmically up and down as she panted. He could feel her pony tail pressing against his shoulder, feel her body moving as she thrust her hips, then she paused.

"Keep watching the movie," Rebecca warned. "But scoot to the very edge of the couch."

He did as he was commanded. He was rewarded with a nibble on his ear, one of his erogenous areas. Then another mouth was nibbling his other ear. We was almost writhing with pleasure. Then, with a small kiss to his ear lobe and ear they stopped. How long were they going to torture him like this?

A head lay behind him, barely touching his lower back, angled beside his body and the back of the couch. More than likely Rebecca's, but it could have been Jade. Then he felt another's head resting on the upper middle of his back, as whomever was on top looked down at the one on the bottom. Then more kissing. Both heads moving against his back, lost in their kissing. One of them moaned - a low hungry moan, soon trailed by the other's. He heard the distinct sound of hands moving inside of clothes, rubbing and touching. Then more kissing.

"That's not enough," Rebecca whispered. "I need more."

Weight shifted behind Eric. The sound of clothes being tugged off. Then a pair of pants flew in front of him, soon followed by another pair. He waited for their panties to follow, but they never did. They took their positions behind him once again, kissing each other as they fell back into place.
