 A shared house would save a fortune of money. The student's residential accommodation was expensive and over-subscribed. All they had to do was rent a house for four hundred dollars a week. There were plenty near the university campus for that amount. Four hundred would mean four bedrooms at a hundred each in a house that would have a pool too. 

Adam knew he would have no problem finding some mates to share the house with him. The problem would come when the rental agency found out that they were four male students. Stereotypes! He thought angrily and then ruefully what it would be like to share a house with other students. Jacks and Tom would be obvious choices as he knew they had the money, the furniture and the contacts for it to be a great share house. 

He made a list of what each of them could contribute to the house and then wrote an ad to attract their ideal roommate. What he knew would be a sticking point would be to find a girl willing to slum it with them. Which girl is going to want to share a bathroom with three smelly, messy, guys? As an older house it only had the one bathroom and no girl would want to clean up after the guys. 

Katrina applied straight away and they told her she was top of their list as all the other applicants were guys. She laughed and said she did not want any complaints of sexual discrimination if she got to be their fourth man as it were. Adam was very honest and said they had not been allowed to specify a gender in the advert but they needed a girl on their lease. 

Adam arranged a meeting for the four of them to agree on some terms and conditions. Katrina was quite forthright and confident. She had no problem letting them know she would not be their servant. Being a very organized person she did take over the organization of the house. She did want to live in a clean, functional place after all. None of the four of them were in a relationship and the subject of sex did come up. The verdict was 'behind closed doors' and the guest had to follow house rules.

What quickly became evident was that it was a house of extroverts and it became known as the 'party house' on weekends. Routines were established and a rhythm developed to their days. Katrina got cranky when she was excluded for being a girl but then had to 'suck it up' if she wanted to play with the boys. She soon became comfortable skinny dipping with them but didn't realize they were going to take things further on April Fool's Day. 

That Thursday night Katrina decided to watch a movie with the guys. They chose a porn movie and said there would be a jack- off contest. The three of them had started the movie before she sat down with them and were laughing as they stroked themselves in their baggy shorts. She sat down with them and asked 'what' as they nervously looked at each other. 'Well, are you going to take part in the jack off contest?' Tom asked as he pulled himself out of his shorts. 'Nothing I haven't seen before', Katrina replied airily. 'Well, get your gear off', Jacks challenged her. 

The guys were all trying to be nonchalant, as if they were used to jacking off in front of a girl. The guys were all fit and Katrina was enjoying the show they were putting on. Everyone, including her, was waiting to see what she would do. Not knowing what else to do, she pulled her T-shirt off and unhooked her bra and then shrugged it off. Using the Erin Brokovich line she said 'they're called breasts Ed'. Three pairs of male eyes were drinking her in. They had seen her topless before but that was swimming in the dark outside.

Her breasts were full but still pretty with deep pink puffy nipples. 'Now all hands below' Adam said as he carefully stroked himself. Katrina tried to keep her eyes on the movie but knew all the guys were jacking off to her bare breasts. It made her feel tingly and excited. Always the gentleman Adam jokingly offered to lend her a hand. The sexual heat in the room soon soared. Tom was sitting on the left side of her and he bent his head down to her chest and captured her nipple in his mouth. His hand was there for his fingers to tweak the slippery nipple when it popped out of his mouth. By this stage Katrina was moaning and all bets were off.

Adam stood up and move over to where she was sitting. Jacks was on her right side and was kissing her very passionately while he fondled her right breast. Adam sat by her feet and snaked his hand up her shorts heading for the moisture. He finger fucked her with some force and quite successfully judging by her sound effects.

Katrina was really aroused and was handling two very stiff cocks, one in each hand. Adam then lifted her bottom to remove her shorts and panties in one go. Her thighs were on his shoulders and he was plunging his tongue deep inside her. He stiffened his tongue and jabbed her a few more times before dragging it up her slit. Adam was kissing her pussy as passionately as Jacks was kissing her mouth. His fingers returned to her G spot as he slurped her clitoral hood into his mouth. The nub of flesh was then sucked and licked and nibbled until Katrina screamed her orgasm into Jacks's mouth.

At this point Tom pulled Katrina onto his lap, onto his straining cock. She rode him hard, cowgirl style, bouncing on his cock with enthusiasm. Her breasts were in his face and he was sucking hard on her nipples. Jacks then bent her over and ploughed into her from behind. Tom thrust his cock into her mouth and ejaculated while Jacks filled her. Adam's spunk was shot over her breasts -- it was a dead heat in the jack off contest between the guys. They did reckon that they had all managed to get her off. 

It was agreed though that what happened at movie night was not to be divulged. The guys also agreed to include Katrina when they next had movie night.