 One afternoon I was asked by my ex-boyfriend Tyler, if I would go to the movies with him and a girl from uni he was friends with but didn't want to think the movie was a date. As we were on good terms by this point, and I had heard great things about the movie, I said yes. 

When we arrived at the cinema the next night there wasn't any awkwardness and I actually thought Tyler's friend was really attractive. We bought the tickets and some food and made our way into the cinema. 

Tyler sat between his friend and me and as the lights dimmed and the opening sequence started, I thought I might be cheeky and put my hand on Tyler's inner thigh. We had always had amazing sex when we were together and I admit I missed the feeling of my hand running up and down his cock. He didn't seem to mind and didn't move my hand but a moment later I felt him tense and looked down to see his friends hand also on his thigh. 

I looked up at her and caught her eye. She had the mort mischievous look on her face; I knew straight away she was not the innocent girl she portrayed. I smiled at her and raised my hand slightly towards Tyler's groin. Every inch I raised my hand she did the same. I don't think Tyler realised exactly what was going on as he seemed to be trying to hide our hands from each other's sight using his popcorn as a shield. 

After what felt like an hour, but was really just a few minutes, I had reached his crotch and was very lightly stroking him through his jeans, feeling the material getting tighter as he started getting hard from the attention we were both giving him. I could see the other girl watching by this point and her hand was gripping his upper thigh very tightly while she squirmed slightly on her chair. It was like I could almost see her getting wet under the skirt she had on and I was imagining my fingers stroking the outside of her panties while doing what I was already doing to my ex. 

It seemed the girl's eagerness got the better of her shyness as she reached for the very hard cock under Tyler's jeans and pulled down the zipper letting him bulge through the gap but with his underwear proving another barrier for us. She seemed to lose her nerve a little and paused looking towards me. I however, had no hesitation in reaching inside his underwear and pulling his rock hard cock out for her to get her first glimpse. I don't think I'll ever forget the amazingly surprised look on her face at seeing how big Tyler is. I was very delighted and could feel my own underwear growing wet under my jeans. 

The popcorn box was definitely discarded by this point and I was openly running my hand up and down his shaft in the cinema. The friend must not have been satisfied watching, (not that I blame her) as she placed her hand over mine and took over the hand job. I leant in and kissed Tyler's neck then moved to suck his ear lobe slightly which I know drives him crazy, he turned and pushed his mouth against mine, moaning slightly from his friends handy work. 

I couldn't help but pull his friend towards me by the hand that was pleasuring my ex so well and giving her a passionate kiss leaning in front of Tyler so he could watch us. Then she moved from me to him and let me have a turn watching them make out in front of me. 

I was enjoying watching him in so much pleasure which at first I thought was strange but was enjoying this so much I couldn't pass the opportunity up. 

I moved into a position on my knees on the cinema floor and took him in my mouth, making sure to lick every inch and every drop of precum he had to offer. I glanced upwards to see Tyler still kissing his friend with his hand under her top fondling her breasts. 

Tyler was really starting to squirm and I knew he was going to cum soon as his cock was pulsing against the back of my throat. I reached up to the girls hand and pulled her onto the ground next to me. I pulled out her breasts and placed my lips on her nipple while she took Tyler deep in her mouth and a familiar noise escaped his lips letting me know he was coming into his friend's mouth. 

When he was finished I licked one large drop of cum running down his spent cock and kissed his friend sharing saliva and cum alike. Tyler helped us up off the floor and kissed us both before putting his cock back inside his jeans. 

As we walked out of the theatre we didn't say anything but Tyler kissed us both before saying our goodbyes. I can't wait for our next movie night!