 I finally was able to buy my very first house. No more apartment living for me. My new house is on the outskirts of town. It is a cute little 2-bedroom home with a big yard and lots of trees. It is in the perfect place for me. I can't wait to get settled in. But first, I need to get all my stuff moved from my small apartment to my new home.

I managed to arrange a small army of friends to come over and help me pack up my apartment one day. And the next day, all the boxes and furniture were moved. I had several guys with pick-ups to haul all of the big stuff. All the cars were filled with boxes. It looked like a convoy going through town. It took half a day to haul all my stuff to my new home and get it all in the house. A few people had to leave after we got everything into the house, but most stayed to help put some of the things away. We were able to get half of my things put away before we decided that we were done for the day. We were all quite tired from the move and I had agreed to buy beer and pizza when we were done moving, as a thank you to everyone for their help. I gave one of the guys some money to get the beer and the pizza arrived not long after he came back. The TV was hooked up and the box of movies was located. We all agreed on a comedy, so we watched that as we ate.

Before long, the movie was over and everyone was getting ready to leave. I was thanking everyone for their help today. I would never have gotten everything moved without their help. James and Steven were the only ones who stuck around to help clean up the mess from our dinner. I thanked my two handsome guys for their help today with a peck on the cheek. I have never fooled around with either one of them, but I sure have thought about it though. They are both very muscular young men, I guess that's what happens when you work in construction. They are both around six feet tall and very fit. Damn, they were hot. 

I walked into the kitchen to get a glass of water. When I turned around, my two stud helpers were standing in the doorway looking at me. I was looking at them wondering what was going on. They both gave me a big smile; I couldn't stop the smile that graced my lips.

"Is there something going on here that I should be aware of?" I was wanting them to stay, but I didn't have the nerve to ask. I so want their hot bodies pressed hard against mine. But, I am not going to ask that either. 

The guys were looking at one another then they turned their attention to me. I should have been a little scared by this time, but I was kinda excited. I could feel my pussy throb a little at the prospect of what might happen here tonight. I happened to drag my eyes down the length of them both and I happened to notice that they had a little bit of a bulge in their jeans. Oh yeah, that was promising.

"We have noticed that you did not receive one 'home coming' gift yet. So we decided that we would give you on, if you want." James was the first to speak. He was speaking in a sensual husky tone with a very sexy smile across his lips. Oh my god he was sexy.

"We thought maybe you could have both of us, all to yourself, if you want us." Steven had a sensual husky voice as well. He was also sexy as hell. 

These two guys must have planned this out before hand. I have to admit that I was nervous at what they were implying. I have never been with two guys at the same time before. I am curious though. How could I deny my, now, throbbing pussy of the most pleasure that I could ever imagine. In addition, to have these two hot studs willing to give themselves to me for tonight was more than I could ever ask for.

"Let me get this straight, you two want to give yourselves to me tonight. As a gift?"

I must have looked like I was in shock for a moment before I smiled at them. 

"Yes," they said at the same time. They definitely decided this before hand. How could I deny these two sexy studs who wanted to ravage my body and give me immense pleasure?

They must have decided that I was game, because they both started walking towards me in a rather slow way. They stopped right in front of me. We were all smiling thinking about where this would lead. I raised my hands to touch there chests, they were so hard and solid that my breath caught in my throat, and a small moan rose from my throat. I know that they enjoyed my reaction to touching them. If their chests were this hard, what would the rest of their bodies looked like. I can't wait to find out. 

Steven was the first to touch me; he ran his hand up my arm slowly, from my wrist to my shoulder. It felt like electricity. Then James touched my cheek with the back of his hand. I tilted my face into his hand as I closed my eyes. It felt so good. I felt his hand on my right breast and his lips on my neck, with his other hand rubbing my back. It didn't take long before I felt Steven's hand on my left breast and his lips on the other side of my neck, with his hand on my ass. I moved my head back to let these gorgeous guys have full access to my neck. They were kissing, licking, and nibbling on my neck. It felt good to be in the middle of so much attention. My hands reached out to touch the bulge that had started in their jeans. Their hands were rubbing and squeezing my breasts, and it felt even better than I ever imagined. The hand that was on my right breast moved over to the buttons on my shirt, undoing them one by one in a leisurely fashion. When my shirt was open up to my hot studs, the hand that was unbuttoning my shirt returned to my breast. The lips that were on my left side abandoned my neck to move down my chest. My shirt seemed to just disappear and land on the floor behind me. Steven removed my bra in record time. I was impressed that his fingers didn't have any trouble; they were swift and controlled. I now had a pair of lips on each breast with two pairs of hands massaging my ass. I couldn't stop the moans that were escaping my mouth. My hands abandoned their encased cocks to hold their heads against my chest. My hips were moving at the same time, I was enjoying this treatment very much. One of my guys abandoned my left breast just long enough to remove his shirt. As soon as his lips returned to my hard nipple, my other breast was abandoned in the removal of another shirt. 

I opened my eyes to look at my 'house warming gifts.' Oh my god they were handsome. I have never seen a pair of rock hard bodies in my life. My pussy was throbbing so hard and my knees were getting weak from the sight that was before me. I could feel my nipples getting harder and I was starting to ache for more of their touch. I suggested that we go back to the bedroom so that we could be more comfortable. They agreed with me and I slipped my hands into waistband of their jeans and led the way back to my bedroom. They must have thought ahead because my bedroom was all set up. My bed was in place and made, along with everything put way. I think my bedroom is the only room in the house that has everything where it needs to go. When I stepped into my room, I just stopped and looked around. I was stunned at what they did.

"We hope you enjoy what we have done to your bedroom. We thought it might be very helpful to you to have at least this one room put together. We didn't want you to have to put this room together before you go to bed tonight." Steven said this while rubbing my hand that had a hold of his pants. 

I let go of their pants and turned around with a sexy smile on my face. They were smiling at me as well.



"You two had everything planned out, didn't you?" I don't know whether to be upset that they assumed that I would fuck them both tonight or to be glad that they thought of me enough to get my room finished for me.

"Well, we were hoping that you would be willing to allow us to fuck you tonight." James said this as he took a step forward then kissed my lips. My arms instantly wrapped around his neck and I pushed my body against his hard abs as his hands grabbed my hips pulling me towards his growing arousal. I felt Steven come around behind me and placed his lips on my neck, kissing and nibbling. His hands were on my ass. I felt like I was in heaven, it felt so good to have their hands and lips on my body. I was moaning my approval for what my guys were doing to me. I reached back with my right hand to touch Steven's cock. I was rubbing and squeezing his cock, he was growing hard as well, and the guttural growl that came out of his mouth was almost my undoing. I love to hear a man sigh, moan, and growl at what I am doing to him, now I have two men to provide me with the sounds that I crave.

I pushed back on James and slipped my hands to the waistband of his pants. I made quick work of the button and zipper. Slowly I slid down his pants and kneeled before him as I removed his pants. I was so encouraged by the look of the bulge in his boxers. I reached up my hands and cupped his growing cock, and after a small squeeze, I released his cock, reaching for the waistband of his boxers, and slowly pulled them down. It was almost like Christmas morning and getting to open a present. Then his growing arousal finally showed itself. Oh my, he was so hard and gorgeous, this cock before me was about 7 inches long and thick. I couldn't wait; I had to have a taste. I leaned in and let my tongue run over his mushroom head. I then licked down the under side of his cock and back up. I opened my mouth and took all of his gorgeous cock into my mouth. He let out a sound that was half moan and half growl as my mouth slid down his cock. He grabbed my hair and guided me along his length as I finished removing his boxers. My hands moved around his body to his ass. I didn't want to ignore my other guy, so reluctantly I pulled back and stood up. James started to slide his hand over his hard cock as I kissed him. 

I turned around to face Steven with a mischievous grin on my face. I could tell that he had been waiting patiently for me to get to him. I started by kissing his lips with the urgency that I was feeling, as my hands reached his pants. With nimble fingers, the button and zipper was released in short order. As I started to slide his pants down I dropped to my knees. Steven was also wearing boxers. Once they were removed, I raised my hands to cup Steven's growing arousal with a small squeeze. My hands reached for the waistband of his boxers and pulled them down. His cock was also gorgeous and about 7 inches and thick. These two guys could be brothers; their cocks were similar in length and size. Just as before I let my tongue run over the head of this cock. My mouth opened and I took all of him in my mouth, and I heard him moan loudly. When I removed his boxers and I kept up my ministrations on his cock, as I gripped his ass. He had a hold of my hair guiding my mouth up and down on his cock. I didn't want James to think that I forgot about him, so I pulled back from Steven and stood up.

James turned me around and kissed me with such force that it took my breath away. His hands reached for my pants and the button and zipper was released quickly. He then pulled my pants down over my hips as he was kissing my nipples. Slowly his hands were sliding down my legs pushing my pants further towards the floor. He was kissing and licking down my body when he settled on the floor. It felt so good to have him giving my body such attention. Everywhere his lips touched felt like little ripples going through my body. Shawn was still behind me as he stepped forward to close the gap between us. His hands reached around me to take hold of my breasts. I moaned as my head fell back against his shoulder. Shawn brought his mouth to my shoulder as his hands were giving my breasts some much needed attention. He was rubbing, and squeezing my breasts, and rolling my nipples between his fingers then pulling. I thought I was going to loose it right then. James had removed my pants and was in the process of ridding me of my panties. His hand lingered over my mound, touching me lightly, running his fingers over my slit. I heard him moan as he found my panties were soaking wet, I couldn't help but smile at his reaction. His fingers moved to my waist to slowly remove my panties from my body, and they revealed to him a clean-shaven mound. He stopped moving when my panties were half way down my thighs. I felt his warm breath on my mound as his tongue came out to touch me. His tongue darted into my slit and touched my clit and my legs almost gave out. If Steven didn't have his hands around me, I might have fallen to the floor. That little touch sent shock waves through my entire body, and I was not able to control the sound that came from out of my mouth. Steven's arms tightened around my body to hold me up. James eased my panties to the floor as I stepped out of them. He eased up on his teasing of my clit and started to stand up, kissing his way up my body. Then he kissed my mouth with such urgency. 

My two hot studs stopped fondling me and Steven came around to the front of me. They were staring at my naked body as I was gazing upon theirs. They were so very sexy and fit, damn they were gorgeous. I have never seen a man that looked as good as these two did. I don't consider myself a 10 on anyone's scale, but I do take care of myself. I was not self-conscience about my body, at least not at this moment. I was so hot and ready for these two guys that I could feel my body responding in ways that I have never felt before. We didn't gaze upon each other for too long. Steven took my hand and led me to the bed and laid me down as he climbed on the bed with me, he settled himself between my legs. As his eyes took in my shaved mound, he had a dreamy look on his face. I knew that he was wanting to eat my pussy as much as I was wanting him to. I couldn't help but moving my hips in anticipation of what he was going to do. His hands started at my breast with his lips sucking on my nipples. I arched my back and moaned as I grabbed his head and pulled him closer. I could feel his moan reverberate through by chest. He moved to the other breast to give it the same treatment. Then slowly he moved down my body with his tongue, licking and kissing all the way. He finally reached my clean-shaven mound and lavished his attention there. His tongue touched my lips that surrounded my most private area that was throbbing with such force; I don't know how I was able to hold out this long. While Steven was licking my clit, my hips were moving trying to get more of me into his mouth. 

James came over to the bed; he stood there looking at me while stroking his beautiful cock. I noticed him smile at me as he moved closer to me. He climbed on my bed as well, right next to my head so that I could suck his cock. I had a mouth on my pussy and a cock in my mouth. What more could a girl ask for. I was feeling so good at this point, my body was experiencing the most intense passion it has ever known, and we were just getting started. I opened my mouth for Steven and he placed his beautiful cock into my mouth. I have always liked to suck cock, almost as much as having my pussy licked. We were all moaning loudly with all the pleasure that we were all experiencing. I was watching Steven as I was sucking on his cock. He had his hand on the headboard and he would occasionally watch me.

James was so very good to my pussy. His mouth was sucking on my clit as his fingers were thrusting in and out of my pussy. It didn't take me long before I lost control. The orgasm that washed over me was incredible; I couldn't contain my scream as I rode out my orgasm. James didn't let up until I finally came off my high. 

"Oh damn, that was good." Was all I could say. 

"I am so glad that I could be of service." James had a very pleased look on his face.

Steven was still kneeling by my head as I took his cock into my mouth again for a couple minutes. My guys decided that they were going to trade places. So, Steven and James got off the bed and switched positions. Steven was kneeling between my legs, and took his time as he was running his hands over my naked body. That felt so good to have his hands on me. He then started in on my pussy, licking my slit and sucking on my clit. It was absolutely incredible. He was taking it easy on me because I was a bit sensitive from my recent orgasm. James came up onto the bed next to my head, and again I opened my mouth to take his beautiful cock into my mouth. I wanted to make him cum into my mouth, so I stepped up my efforts. It didn't take too long before James lost his control. His orgasm hit him in a fierce wave. I felt rope after rope of cum shoot down my throat until he was spent. I made sure to get every last drop of his cum. I have a fetish for soft cock, after his load is gone. I like how it feels in my mouth and how pliable it is. I was getting as much more noise out of him as I was before he sent his load down my throat. I enjoy giving that much intense pleasure to my partner. 

James must have decided that he'd had enough; he leaned over me and slowly pushed his cock into my pussy. Oh damn, that felt so good. We both moaned as his cock slid all the way inside me. As he stopped, we reveled in the feeling of his cock in my pussy. Slowly he started to thrust in and out of me. Gradually his pace increased, I was grinding my hips into his while trying to keep the rhythm that he set. I was getting close to my second orgasm, and before I had a chance to think about it much, James' pace was almost frantic as his orgasm took him in full force. I followed with my own, and we rode out our release together, grabbing and clawing at each other. When we came off our high, James collapsed on top on me, and we were trying hard to catch our breath. By the time that James rolled off of me, Steven was stroking his cock again; I think he may have enjoyed the show.

We all laid on my bed trying to get our bearings back. I had a gorgeous man on each side of me. Their hands were rubbing my body as I was fondling their cocks. 

"Well, I thank you two guys for the gift. That was so good." I couldn't think of anything else to say to them. 

"Babe, we're not done yet. There is one more thing that we want to try. If you're game." James still has a sexy tone in his voice.

"What did you two have in mind?" I was almost dumbfounded. What more could there be?

"Well, we don't know exactly what you like, or, are willing to let us do. We are wanting to fill you up completely. One cock in your pussy and the other in your ass, if it's okay with you." Steven sounded a little worried that I might not go along with their plan. I don't know how long they have been working on this.

"I have never been with two guys at the same time, and I really am enjoying the two of you. I like having my pussy filled and my ass, but I have not had the pleasure of both at the same time. I guess that I could give it a try, you never know till you try it, right?"

I looked at my two handsome guys and decided that they were in the height of their glory. This was definitely something that they really wanted to do.

Steven grabbed me and pulled me over on top him. He started to rub my clit with his cock, then he placed his cock at the entrance of my pussy and slowly pulled my hips down onto his cock. 

"Damn, that feels good." I was loving the feeling of Steven's cock in me.

James got up and came around behind me, and with a lubed up cock he started to push into my ass. He had a hold of my hips and was pushing slowly. It seemed to take a couple minutes, and finally I felt his whole length inside me. He stopped when his balls touched my body. We were all making sounds that didn't quite seem natural; it felt too good to be true. It took a minute before my guys started to move in and out of me. It didn't take long before they found a rhythm that worked for them. I never imagined that I could feel so full and so content. It was a little tight, but I do enjoy a little discomfort during sex, it adds to the whole experience, and has provided me with some extraordinary orgasms. I was starting to look forward to this one. James had his hands on my ass, and Steven had his on my breasts. Their movements were starting to get a little faster, I think they were getting close, as am I. We could not control the sounds that came out of our mouths, and we didn't even try. Before long, we all lost our composure as we all hit our orgasm at the same time. The guys were grunting through theirs and I was screaming through mine. This was the most intense orgasm that I have ever experienced and it seemed to last forever. I had to tell them not to stop because I was not done yet. When my body finally came off my high, I fell onto Steven. They were still inside me, but not moving, they were relishing in the feel of having their cocks in a tight space. When they moved out of my pussy and my ass, they moved slowly, so they would not cause me any discomfort. James pulled out first and lay down on the bed. I finally rolled off Steven, and lay down between my guys again.
