 There were parts of the cupboards they'd never reached before. 

"We could still get a cleaner," Eliot suggested.

Cass rocked back on her heels, dark curls dust-streaked and flying in all directions. "They wouldn't know what stuff's ours."

"Our valuables, right."

She swiped his leg, "there are things here I'd like to keep. Mostly you."

"Afraid they'd sweep me up?"

Their lack of possessions was a standing joke. They'd met in a place they didn't live; conducted a relationship in airport lounges, hotel rooms, train stations. Moving out of their first house was bittersweet, even if it was just a rental. Part of her was turned on - like she always was - by new possibilities, new places to explore. But there was something about this domesticity - 

"Have you taken the bedroom boxes out?"

"Yep." 

Cass dove into the cupboard. She knew he'd be watching the ripe curve of her bum in the worn skinny jeans, so she gave a little wiggle. Leaning down he smacked her lightly. 

"You want a drink?"

She did, but she also wanted to get the job done. She'd moved so many times it had become a ritual. Once you start, keep moving until every shelf and drawer is empty, every suitcase full, everything in between stuffed in black bags and carried to a dumpster. Moving wasn't time for fooling around.

"Honey?"

"Let me get this done first," she said, voice muffled by the chipboard cupboard doors. 

Eliot opened the fridge. She heard a bottle-top pop. "I'll clean the bathroom."

Cass crouched amidst a pile of yellowed Tupperware and mismatched dishes to watch him leave, eyes skimming the familiar lines of his broad shoulders and rippling arms. She lingered on his ass, imagined squeezing, feeling its firm contours beneath her fingers.

"Love you."

"Love you too."

Two years ago she expected none of this. Cass enjoyed the occasional fling when someone caught her eye but she wasn't looking for a relationship. Then Eliot crashed through her atmosphere and rocked the planet out of orbit. For the first time, she'd throw caution aside and followed her gut. Despite some bumps, she never had reason to doubt or second-guess. Everything they did together felt like a piece of something bigger, like it mattered. 

It was the kind of 24-caret love story she scoffed at as corny, but it was happening to her, and it felt better than she'd dared imagine. For the first time in her adult life she was moving with someone. 

Cass plunged back into the cupboard, extracting odds and ends. She was at the right age to "settle down" but she'd never thought like that. Her life was rich and exciting. She wasn't looking for someone. But Eliot found her and he was too good to resist. She smiled, he was more than good.

On their first date he kissed her till her knees buckled - which took about 10 seconds. He could make her melt like butter on a hot plate. Cass's pussy twitched as she thought about their first night together. Instinctively she pressed her thighs together, the thick seams of her jeans creating a pleasant friction at her crotch. There was the time he bent her over the hood of his car and alternated spanking and thrusting till her cum gushed down her legs.

Grabbing the final item she retreated from the cupboard, breathing hard.

"What's that?" Eliot set his empty bottle on the counter. "Upstairs bathroom is done."

"A crock-pot, I think. Vintage. Check out this cord."

Eliot came over and rubbed the woven fabric of the electrical extension between his thumb and forefinger. "Like bondage rope."

"Shall we try it?" Cass blurted.

"I thought you were all work and no play."

"We don't have to."

Eliot pulled her close, locking his arms around her torso. "You suggested it sweetheart." He ran his hand down her back to rest on her bum. "You want to be tied up?"

He squeezed his legs against hers so she could feel him hardening against her.

"It was just a suggestion."

"I liked it. My suggestion is you take off that tee-shirt."

He loosed her enough so she could peel off her top, freeing round, slightly pointed breasts. The creamy skim tightened in the coolness, accentuating her toast-coloured areola. Eliot smack her right breast lightly, fingers catching the nipple which hardened instantly. 

"You like that?"

His fingers snapped against her other breast and were rewarded with a second firm nub. Cass had never really liked have her breasts played with until Eliot. He made her cum once just by rolling, nibbling and flicking her nipples. The memory sent a fresh flow of moisture to her already damp crotch. 

Without another word, Eliot positioned her by the kitchen island, set the crock pot on it, and began binding her wrists. He was good with knots, one of his many dexterities. She relaxed, leaning against the support, savouring the brush of his fingers and the pressure of the cord.

"Is that too tight?"

"No, I like it." Cass loved being restrained. She had never trusted anyone else enough to indulge in this turn on but with Eliot she could let go completely. 

When her hands were trussed he stepped back. "Mmmmm. You look good enough to eat." His eyes traced the curve of her neck and shoulder, the fullness of her bosom, the stippled line of ribs. Then his hand followed, brushing her skin so lightly it felt like a breath of air. She moaned and leaned into him.

"Stay still," he commanded. "Or I'll tie you in place. Maybe I should anyway." His voice was brisk and authoritative. "One more chance."

He began working both her nipples with his fingers and she couldn't help pressing towards his touch. Eliot stepped back. "What did I say?"

She whimpered. 

"I guess I'm going to have to tie you." Within minutes, she was securely fixed, arms tied to hold her upper body in place. 

Eliot shed his shirt and stepped between her legs, spreading them. He sucked her nipples till she squirmed then pushed his chest to her lips so she could reciprocate. The rush of blood to her pelvis left her light-headed. "Why am I still wearing jeans?" she managed to ask.

They both froze for a moment as the doorbell rang. 

"Leave it."

"It might be the moving guy," Eliot grinned. "Anyway, you're not going anywhere."

As he headed for the door, trousers bulging, she thought, please don't let it be Mrs Dinston.

He was gone longer than she expected. She could hear voices but not words. Cass closed her eyes, breathed deeply to slow her racing heart. She wanted this feeling to last.

"Sweetheart." Her eyes flew open. Beside Eliot, looking slightly abashed but also eager, was a petite blonde with a pixie cut and a sliver nose ring. "This is Ayla. She just moved in around the corner. She saw the give-away boxes - I told her she should check out what we had inside." 

"Hi." Ayla looked her in the eye, a smile playing on bee-stung lips. "Is this okay? Eliot said..."

Cass took in the woman's compact frame, full breasts and dancing green eyes. What the hell, we're moving. 

"Yes, definitely. I'm Cass. I'd shake your hand but..."

"No need for formalities."

Eliot took Ayla's hand and guided it to Cass's breast: "She likes that."

Ayla stepped close. Cass's body thrilled. She'd liked women and counted a few among her flings. She loved the surprise of soft where she was used to hard, loved their lips. 

They kissed, long and deep. She caught Ayla's plump lower lip in her teeth, mouth watering at the taste of raspberry balm. Then Ayla's hands were covering her, caressing her skin, sinking into her hair. 

"Take off your shirt. Let me kiss your breasts."

Ayla willingly complied revealing heavy white bosoms with dusty-rose areola. Ayla guided her nipple to Cass's hungry mouth and made little trilling noises of pleasure as she sucked. 

Eliot slid down his trousers. Cass shivered in anticipation at the sight of his thick, seven-inch cock standing at attention. Ayla turned and her eyes popped: "Oh my god!"

"Trust me, it feels even better."

Without waiting for an invitation, Ayla wiggled out of her jeans. Cass and Elliot both stared appreciatively at the rounded half-moons of her ass and her neat, triangular bush. 

"I want to eat you," Cass murmured.

Ayla slid her hand between her legs then slipped her glistening fingers between Cass's lips. 

"Do what you were doing," Eliot suggested.

Cass and Ayla melted together, mouths meeting eagerly. Cass kept her eyes open to enjoy the sight of Eliot sliding his cock in and out between Ayla's thighs while his hand caressed her back and bum, and he nibbled her neck.

"You're killing me," their guest groaned. "Can you just put it in? If it's okay with you Cass..."

"Yes."

Eliot grinned: "It would be rude to refuse." He spun Ayla to face him, so her butt was pressed against Cass's pelvis. Spreading his legs to get the right angle, he let Ayla guide him into her soaking pussy. 

His first few strokes were slow. Gradually they deepened, then quickened. Ayla was pinned between them, her feet rising off the floor. Cass's nerves crackled. The pressure of each thrust against her groin was exquisite torment. Eliot continued until Ayla was babbling, sinking her nails into his back in an effort to drag him deeper insider her. Then he stopped.

Cass knew that move. The agony. The anticipation. 

Ayla whimpered as he kissed her, stroking her face. Only then did he finally pull down Cass's jeans. Trails of pussy juice threaded her thighs. He dropped to his knees and buried his face in her. They both moaned. After tonguing her swollen, throbbing clit for a minute Eliot rose and guided Ayla to her knees: "You'll want to taste this."

Cass quivered with delight at the eager yet delicate tracing of the woman's tongue. When she slipped two fingers into her pussy she yowled. "I'm going to cum in about two seconds."

"Not yet." Eliot moved so she could take his cock in her mouth while he kissed Ayla. It swelled even more - which Cass hardly thought possible - filling her mouth, blocking her throat so her saliva spilled freely, running down his balls and dripping onto her chest. She felt his body start to tense - then he pulled away. 

"I have an idea." Eliot adjusted her bonds so she could sit on the island, putting her pussy at a convenient height for Ayla's mouth. She bent forward, her warm, pillowy lips sending shivers through Cass as they covered her slick, pulsing pussy. 

Eliot slid into Ayla from behind, causing a simultaneous moan of delight from all of them.

Cass felt as if she were floating, her body awash in an electric sea. Every touch of Ayla's hands and mouth was a charge. Eliot reached around and massaged Ayla's clit as he buried himself in her. 

His thrusts, growing harder and faster, transmitted even more sensation to Cass. Her body was racked by so many currants she knew that if she didn't cum soon it would pull itself apart. Just then, Eliot pulled out and with a quick, graceful motion sent a creamy arc across Ayla's back. His other hand was still working her pussy and the feel of his cum on her skin sent her over the edge. With a cry she sank against his hand, cunt spasming around his fingers. As she did, her mouth mashed against Cass's clit. A tidal wave of pleasure ripped her free and sent her spinning. 

They collapsed together, panting, sticky, blissed. 

When she could speak, Cass said: "We've got this nice Crock-pot, if you're interested."