 We were looking forward to Roy's new job and living in the South, away from most of the cold and snow. So, our relocation from Buffalo to Atlanta was looked forward to by us both. Well, with one exception - the move.

I'm sure you would get agreement with basically all of mankind if you asked each person on earth if they enjoyed moving. Little else would get such unanimous agreement. Everyone hates it. And, we had to do it on the cheap.

So, it was summertime, we had rented a large truck, packed up everything in our condo, bribed my hubby's two brothers to come with us, loaded the truck and set off.

My husband, Roy, has now earned his doctorate and he and I are off to a new life in the South. Glenn and Russ, his two younger brothers, twenty and nineteen, were basically at loose ends anyway, so they were cheap labor.

We figured that we would do the trip in two days in the truck; if we'd driven a car, we probably would have done it straight through but the truck was much more of a handful to drive.

Normally, I don't leave a lot of things up to Roy, he's not exactly a person who's good with details, so when we were on the road, I asked him where we were staying.

"Oh, we'll just find a place."

Damn. I should have done it, I should have gotten us a place to stay.

"But, hon, it's summer and a lot of people are traveling."

"Ah, don't worry about it, it'll work out."

So, we drove on, in silence, until it was getting to be about four o'clock.

"Okay, let's keep our eyes out for a motel that won't cost us an arm or a leg."

So, we all looked at upcoming road signs and, soon enough, we spotted a Motel 6 at the next exit.

We waited until Roy came out. It seemed to take a while.

"Um, some good news and a fair amount of bad news. They have a room. And there isn't another anywhere in the next hundred miles."

"Did you book them?" I asked.

"Uh, well, you may not have heard me right. They have a room and, yes, I booked it."

"One room?"

"Yep, ready?"

"Sure, I guess so," and we all piled out, got our overnight bags and followed Roy to Room 194.

As I went in, my heart sank.

"Two double beds. This is it, really?"

"What's wrong, Michelle, have big plans with the hubby, tonight?" asked Russ, the younger brother.

"Well, not now, I guess."

"Oh, we'll be happy to watch. Might learn something," offered Glenn.

"Well, not likely, I'm afraid. Not used to an audience," I said.

My dear husband, then, piped up with, "Hey, might be fun to have an audience. Maybe they would learn something for a change."

As we were talking, Roy was getting out a bottle of vodka and some tonic he had brought. He then went to the ice machine and soon, we were all having our second gin and tonic.

"Well, do we see you two get it on tonight?"

"Oh, sure, I'll just get naked in a minute and Roy and I'll fuck on the floor for you two," I said sassily.

"Maybe you could give us a lap dance first. It's the least you could do, Michelle."

Now, I knew what a lap dance was, I'd seen a few in clubs and I'd seen one privately that was even more interesting with a naked girl and several pantless guys tied to chairs. No penetration, just rubbing around. She sure had a backside covered with cum when she was finished.

"Yeah, hon, you could give them a little relief and then we can show them how it's done."

Well, I'm no exhibitionist...well, that's not really true. I did parade around the coed dorm a few times in the nude. Well, maybe more than a few times. And, there was the dare I did to drive through a toll booth topless. Unfortunately, the female tolltaker was not impressed.

So, yes, maybe I like to show off my body some. It's a nice body, five foot five, one hundred twelve pounds, C-cup and very firm, yes, very firm, nice pink nipples, on the small side. Slim waist, really very pretty legs, nice, dainty feet.

Hmm, Robert. Robert Hudgins. Sorry, I'm reminiscing here. My feet and Robert. Oh, did he worship my feet. He sucked my toes, licked my feet. Well, if you've never had it done to you, ladies, then, no big deal. But if you have...oh, yeah, instant wetness between the legs. Drenched. Well, I always made Robert dry me off. He had such a lovely tongue.

But I digress. Let's see. Oh, yes, well, now it as our third round of vodka-tonics and Roy was urging me on.

"Come, on, hon. Give 'em a lap dance, get 'em off, then do me."

"What am I, some strip queen?"

"Oh, that'd be fun, now, wouldn't it?" replies my helpful husband.

"We could tuck money in your panties," said Russ.

"No, it would have to be a lot better than that, guys."

"Give us each a lap dance, you can fuck Roy and then, we'll each give you oral sex until you make us stop."

"My little brother is full of ideas. Michelle?"

"So, you're asking me to get naked with your brothers, wiggle around on them until they cum, fuck you, then they eat me out until I'm delirious?"

"Exactly."

"Yeah, we wouldn't grope you or anything. We've got rope in the truck, you could tie our hands behind our backs. We'd use these two chairs, right here."

Well, if I was a single girl again, I think I'd do it. Yes, I know I would. But, I'm married and my husband is right here in the room. Then, that same husband says, "I think you should do it, Michelle. It's all family, they won't be fucking you, I will, and they get a good time, and, knowing how you love oral sex, you'll be on cloud nine."

So, I said, "Geez, somebody go get the rope," and Russ went running out of the room and was back in less than a minute.

"Okay, guys. Um, I'm thinking about how I want to do this and I guess the easiest way is to just jump in and all of us get naked," I suggested.

Three horny guys were stripped in just seconds, I took my time, after all, I was giving them a show.

"Okay, while I strip, Roy will tie you two to the chairs."

I pulled up my top, slid down my shorts and stood there in bra and panties.

As soon as they were bound to the chairs, I bent over, put my hands under my bra cups and lifted my boobs up and shook them right in their faces, reached around and undid the clasp and tossed the bra off to the side.

Then I got right up into the face of each one and rubbed my breasts all over their faces; Glenn had his tongue out licking as my boobs swept by, Russ was wagging his head between them.

It was fun. Yes, fun. I looked over and Roy was slowly jacking up and down as I entertained his brothers. I backed up away from them, put my hands under my boobs, held them like offerings and approached each brother with my offerings. I let them each suck both nipples and by this point, my panties were drenched.

So, I reached down, pulled them off, twirled them around and rubbed the wet crotch under each brother's nose.

"I'm already hard as a rock, MIchelle, but smelling your pussy makes me even harder," said Russ.

So, I figured they should see what I taste like and I went up to each chair, put a leg up on it, slipped a finger up into my pussy, rubbed it in and out, then put it up to each one's mouth to suck on.

Was I one hot woman. I could have fucked an army brigade.

Both brothers had precum oozing up out of their cocks and I wiped each cock off with my finger and inserted it up in me and rubbed around. Seeing more precum, I wiped my finger across Russ's cock and put the finger into Glenn's mouth and then I took Glenn's into Russ's mouth. They both rolled their eyes when I did it but they both went along.

Well, time was nearing for my lap dancing debut. Here I was, Melissa, on "Lapdancing With The Stars."

I backed up to Russ bent over with my butt facing him. I knew from experience, that my pussy lips would be showing as I approached him. Oh, well, it's just a pussy, right?

So, I got up to him, leaned back and felt his cock hit me right in the exact middle of my pussy slit. I was so wet by now that I knew if I didn't change the position, he would plunge right into me. So, I shifted slightly and pressed down on his lap folding his cock down between us.

I was so wet that as I did a bump and grind around on his lap, it was well-lubricated and slippery.

"Geez, oh, Michelle, oh, that is really good. Oh, yes, you'll get me off doing that."

So I rubbed and nuzzled his lap with my pussy. Then, I turned around and got up in his lap with his cock pointing up between us and ground around some more while I rubbed my boobs in his face. Was I horny and turned-on.

I got up, turned back around and gave him a butt/pussy rub he wouldn't forget for a while.

"Oh, oh, oh, that was the best. Oh, wow, you won't ever get anything that good in a strip club. Oh, Michelle, my brother is a hell of a lucky guy."

So, I turned my attention to Glenn and did the same basic routine on him.

I got back up, looked at them both tied to the chairs, each with enormous hard-ons, and decided that a couple of blowjobs would get the truck unloaded tomorrow in record time. So, I started unloading them.

I got down on my knees in front of Russ, gripped his cock and began licking all around the head of his cock.

"Oh, MIchelle, oh, I didn't know you were going to do this. Oh, that feels so good."

Well, I know I'm good. It's something I love to do, just ask Roy. He knows I'll suck him off anytime he wants it, three, four times a day, sometimes, especially weekends. I always kept my boyfriend's cocks well-drained and happy. I just love sucking cocks. When that first warm spurt hits the back of my mouth, I know I've made my guy very, very happy. I love that.

So, I'm really good and within about four or five minutes, Russ bucked in the chair and filled my mouth with his warm cum. I always love to suck a man a few more minutes, their cocks seem so sensitive right after they cum, they love me for it.

I now shift over to Glenn, who says, "I am so ready for this."

I look up at him, smile, and take his cock in my mouth and proceed to make him a very happy guy.

Roy gets up, comes over and unties each brother and says, "Now, I get my turn. Hon, I am so horny, so turned-on, I am so ready for you," and I get up on the bed and he gets directly up between my legs and plunges his cock into he and begins frantically fucking me.

There were no preliminaries, no kisses, no pussy licking, no nipple sucking; he just started fucking me hard. And I loved it.

After a few minutes, I was so wound-up, so sexually aroused, I said, "Oh, I've just got to get on top. I am so hot, I'm gonna fuck you 'til it falls off," and I pushed him off me, got up over him and slammed down on his cock burying it all the way in one swift plunge. Then, I rocked up and down on him like we were paying a hundred dollars a minute for the room. I just fucked him as hard as I could.

"Oh, MIchelle, you are a tiger. Wow. Oh, do I love this."

I was so short of breath and so sweaty that I didn't say anything, maybe the occasional grunt or moan. I was fucking.

"Oh, Roy, Roy, oh, OOH, OOH, OOH, OOH, ooh, ooh, more, ooh, ooh, mmm, ooh, yes, more," and I just kept rocking back and forth and the feelings kept erupting from my pussy over and over, just flooding me with ecstasy.

"Oh, this is so good," I panted.

"Oh, baby, oh, baby, I'm...UUUH, UUUH, UUUH, UUUH, uuuh, uuuh, uuuh, oh, oh, Michelle, omigod..."

"Oh, oh, I'm gonna...UUNH, UUUNH, UUUNH, UUUNH, UUUNH, uh, uh, uh, uh, oh, oh, I've never been...uh...so...happy...uh...oh...Roy..oh, it still feels so good. I just can't stop. It feels wonderful. Oh, it feels so good. Oh, just fuck me, fuck me, fuck me."

I was as close to being out of control as I ever have been. I was so turned-on, so aroused, so horny, so lust-filled, that I just didn't care if Roy's brothers were watching or not. I just wanted to fuck and fuck and fuck. I was pumping up and down on him, I just wouldn't stop. My pussy simply took over.

I was so full of his cum and my juices that we made a slurping, skwooshing sound as I fucked him frantically up and down. I just couldn't stop, I just couldn't slow down. It was like I was fucking for my life. Then my third orgasm swamped me.

"Uhhh, uhh, uhh, UUHHH, UUHHH, UUHHH, UUHHH, ohh, ohh, oh, oh, uh, uh, uh," and I simply collapsed exhausted on top of Roy. He held me tightly as I slowly came back down to earth. The room was totally silent as we lay there together. I have never felt so sexual, so alive in my body. It was marvelous. No, better than marvelous. Stunning.

"Michelle, I love you so much. Just so much."

Mmm, I lay there in my husband's arms blissfully unaware of anyone else in the room.

"Oh, Roy, I love you too, so much."

I guess I dozed off. I was in such a state, sexed-up, worn-out, that I just fell into a post-fuck coma. I was still on top of Roy, his cock now shrunken and out of me, as I slowly became aware of being in a motel room naked and laying on top of my equally-naked husband.

"Oh, wow, oh, I didn't mean to fall asleep. Geez, what time is it?

"Just after seven. Don't worry, it's okay."

"Well, we need to eat."

"We will, just whenever you're ready," and he held me gently.

I didn't remember a thing about dinner that evening. My mind and body was still back in the room up on top of Roy fucking him like crazy.

After dinner and a few glasses of wine, we were back in the room and Roy said, "You know, Michelle, my brothers still owe you a pussy licking."

"Right, Michelle," Russ adds.

"You guys just want to see my pussy again, that's all."

"Sure we do but you'll get licked for as long as you want."

Well, I can tell you that I was still very aroused from earlier and the prospect of two horny guys eating me out all I wanted was very tempting.

"Come on, hon, you love getting your pussy licked, why not. All you have to do is lay there."

I do love having my pussy licked, ever since my foot lover, Robert Hudgins, first touched my labia with his labia.

"Well, Roy, you've convinced me," and I stood up and once again got naked. I was quickly followed by all three guys, I guess they just wanted to get naked. Okay with me.

I went over to the upholstered arm chair and sat, then draped my legs over the arms, wide and ready for a marathon tonguing.

Russ brought over a towel and I raised my butt up and he put it under; good idea, I already felt my juices dribbling down my butt crack.

Both brothers crowded in between my legs, each licking a thigh, taking turns lapping from my knee, up my inner thigh and across my wet labia. Oh, yes, this was good, very good. I just lay my head back and let the sensuous feelings flow all across my body. 

Roy's brothers orally ravished me for almost an hour and a half, four orgasms, each one an earth-shaker. I finally lay there straddling the chair arms completely exhausted and completely sexually sated.

Roy came over and took over from his brothers and gave me a gentle licking which was all I could have stood at the time. I was just sexually wrung-out. After a few minutes, he stood up picked me up out of the chair and took me to our bed and gently lay me down.

"I think you're earned a good night's sleep," he said and I soon drifted off in his arms.

We got the truck unloaded in Atlanta the next day and were mostly unpacked two days later.

There hasn't been a day since the move that I haven't thought back to our night in Room 194. The thought of it still makes me wet twelve years later.