 To the reader: "Moving In II" is a continuation of "Moving In." The original story, "Moving In," sets up some of the situations and character personalities for this sequel. I wrote "Moving In II" because of all the kind responses I received from "Moving In." 

And so, the story continues... Enjoy!

*****

After helping Max move to his new condominium, Carrie and Nattles knew that Max would remain their third partner. At first they thought the relationship would be difficult to cultivate, living two hours away. But after their third sexual escapade with him, his expression of love for the both of them was too much to ignore. The ladies gave him the best sex of his life, which also may have been the best sex of their own lives too. At the very least, he was a man they enjoyed being with in his entirety. 

They wanted to continue developing the relationship with him despite living far apart from him, despite being committed to each other, and despite probably most ironically that they were lesbians. As a couple, they were drawn to him. For five months after they helped him move, the ladies arranged their schedules to spend their weekends with Max at his new condominium on the beach. 

The ladies still had their own careers in the next big city to the north. Carrie's research lab was now in the beginning phases of creating a new type of fabric for the emerging private aeronautics industry. So she was doing a lot of computer modeling work with less time in the lab. Working from home eventually became more common for her. That gave her the time to adjust her schedule to have either Friday, Monday, or both days away from her lab at the university. 

Nattles quit her private investigation job and worked exclusively at Sensei Ray's dojo. Sensei Ray, who was more like a father figure to Nattles, was willing to help Nattles any way he could. Nattles was one of Sensei Ray's highest achieving students. And when he found out Nattles was traveling away every weekend to spend time with a love, he wanted to find a way to help, trying to accommodate for her a workable schedule.

The ladies made it a routine to live with Max at his place every weekend. The drive became long and mundane sometimes. But being with Max and enjoying his kind personality, sharing his beautiful place on the beach, and having great sex with him was worth the tedious drive. 

On their last Friday afternoon drive, traffic was terrible. The normal two hour drive became four hours. Carrie and Nattles were driving in stop and go traffic on the freeway. Carrie was driving her car and looked over at Nattles sitting next to her. "This traffic is so bad, I don't even feel my usual horny self desiring some man sex with Max," she said.

Nattles wanted to take Carrie's frustrated mind away from all the traffic. "Do you want me to take off my bra and hang it from the rear view mirror?" Nattles said to be funny. "You can just think of me."

Carrie chuckled. "No. Most of these idiots would still run into me at five miles per hour just so they could look at it, or you. Save yourself."

"I love you, Carrie. Don't worry about me. I'll be alright." Nattles took her beach towel and threw it over her head and let it drape around her head and back like she was wearing a shawl. She was shielding herself from possible onlookers in other cars. She then unbuttoned her shirt, took it off, and removed her bra. Carrie could see what Nattles was doing from her peripheral vision and began grinning. 

Carrie just smiled and pretended not to see anything. She looked at all the other occupants of the nearby cars to see if they were looking over in their direction. Nattles then discretely put her shirt back on and removed the towel. She looked at Carrie with all seriousness and said, "All done. I wore this bra because it's Max's favorite. He likes this lace part on top. I'm going to put it right here in your lap for you to enjoy and think of Max. I want you to be happy as well as horny. We have a long drive ahead of us."

Carrie began shaking her head and laughing thinking of Nattles undressing, finding an innocuous way to take her mind off of traffic and think about sex again. "I don't believe it, Nattles. You really just made me horny right now."

Nattles just looked straight ahead. "That's good. I won't need to take my panties off then. They're my lacy bikini. You know Max likes lace, right?"

Carrie was now grinning from ear to ear as Nattles cheered her up. Six lanes of traffic was still only moving five miles per hour and Nattles began making the drive fun again. Carrie added to the conversation now. "Oh I know Max likes lace too. I'm wearing my lace underwear also. But now I'm probably going to have to take my panties off as soon as I get there. I think you got my juices flowing. ... And we have three more stinking hours at this rate!"

All of a sudden a couple on a motorcycle went by them splitting the traffic lanes. "That's what we need, Nattles. We wouldn't be sitting here bored to death and horny knowing great sex is three more stinking hours away. Ugggh."

Nattles spoke up, "I know how to ride one of those! I used to ride with my Dad all the time. My license still has an endorsement. ...I sold my bike to raise money for college. Carrie, now I feel like getting one again. I make a lot of extra cash with my side jobs. It would solve this traffic problem and be twice as fun!." 

"Are you sure?" Carrie asked. Then she thought out loud. "Wow. No more traffic problems. Less gas. Smaller carbon footprint."

And Nattles continued with her thoughts, "I could keep my bra on. We could have a threesome with Max before it even gets dark. And your underwear wouldn't get sexed up before we got to Max's! "

Carrie started to laugh, "That was your fault! You made me horny!` ...God, I love you Nattles!"

"I love you too! Let's go buy us a throttle monster, girl." And Nattles unbuttoned two of her buttons on her blouse to show Carrie that she had a carefree spirit to make a rash decision. Carrie undid one of her buttons to try and be carefree rash like Nattles.

Carrie and Nattles looked over at each other and began hysterically laughing. Carrie put her blinker on to move over to the right and a half hour later they exited the nearest off ramp two miles up the road. Nattles looked for a motorcycle dealer on her GPS app and she and Carrie set a detour to the dealership. Then she called Max and told him they were feeling horny and needed to take care of some business. 

Carrie was laughing listening to Nattles talk to Max, "You know Max still has a hard time knowing when you're teasing him."

"I wasn't teasing him. We're horny. And we have business to take care of."

The two ladies began laughing together. Going to the motorcycle dealership seemed exciting now and the slow drive was building anticipation.

Carrie parked around back so Nattles could put her bra back on and straighten out her clothes. Carrie buttoned her shirt. Then they drove to the front and walked into the dealership. After several minutes a salesman finally approached them. "Hello. Are you looking for something in particular?"

Carrie began to answer, "It needs to be able to hold both of us and go on the freeway."

Nattles assertively continued the answer, "I would like it to have a six speed transmission, with high end torque... something like 80 to 90 pound-feet at 6500 rpms. I want a low maintenance shaft drive. And I would like something with an electronic suspension. We'll be doing a lot of two up riding but I don't want it to be a hassle for me to adjust when I'm by myself. I'm in the 130 pound range so I want an adjustable input when she's not onboard. If it red lines less than seven thousand, I don't want it. It's got to be able to go when I tell it to. I've also seen some with an adjustable windshield. That might be nice when we're on the freeway so I can fine tune the aerodynamics. I want to get some respectable mpg's."

Carrie's mouth was wide open listening to Nattles describe her dream bike. Carrie humbly asked, "Do you need to know how much I weigh too?"

The salesman was smiling in awe listening to Nattles; but he kindly shook his head "no" to Carrie's question. Nattles wasn't a biker chick. She was a motorcycle enthusiast. That was something Carrie didn't know about her. The salesman began escorting them to what he thought would be a good choice. The motorcycle right next to it had saddlebags attached and Nattles liked that. "We do a lot of weekend trips," Nattles told the salesman, and she pointed to the other bike.

Carrie exclaimed, "Oh the built in suitcases... that's a great idea. We could each use one when we visit Max, Nattles."

Nattles looked up at Carrie and winked. "I like that bike." And she kept looking at the motorcycle made for road trips.

The motorcycle Nattles pointed at met all of her requirements and then some. The salesman explained the safety features first. Then he showed them the luxury features, the cruise control, the intercom system, the electronic suspension, and more. Nattles was impressed with it all. The salesman finally offered to let Nattles climb on. Nattles climbed on and balanced it like a pro. Carrie was happily impressed. "I think we'll take this one," Nattles happily told the salesman.

The salesman asked Carrie if she'd like to sit on it as well. Carrie was all excited to sit behind Nattles on the passenger seat. Nattles showed Carrie where to place her foot and swing her other leg over. They both sat on it grinning, Carrie was hanging on, holding Nattles around her waist. "If you like it, Nattles, then so do I!"

Carrie then told the salesman, "We'll also need all the riding gear." Nattles nodded in agreement. The salesman took the ladies to the other end of the dealership and they chose their riding gear. The women's section was smaller than the men's section, but they found gear they liked, pants, jackets, gloves, and helmets. It was all color coordinated silver, black, and pink. Three hours after they got to the dealership they signed the papers to owe a balance of just over $23,000 dollars. Nattles and Carrie were the proud owners of a 1200cc sport touring motorcycle. 

When the salesman went to walk the motorcycle outside Nattles told Carrie, "Wow, $23,000 dollars! I feel more sick than horny. Should we skip going to Max's this weekend?"

Carrie responded adamantly, "No! I'll be right back. I need to get something that will make you feel better." She went to the ladies room and removed her bra and folded it up. Carrie was thinking like Nattles, trying to cheer up her partner by thinking of sex!. When she came back Nattles was outside doing circles and figure eights riding the new motorcycle in the parking lot like she had done it all her life. All the salesmen were impressed with her riding skills. 

Carrie walked over to Nattles. She stopped riding seeing Carrie come over to her. Carrie blocked the view from the salesmen and showed Nattes her lace bra; then nonchalantly stuffed it in Nattles' jacket. Carrie whispered, "That's for you. Think of me when you ride to Max's. I'll be bra-less the rest of the way." Carrie then turned and walked nonchalantly back to her car. She would follow Nattles to Max's hoping her free-spirit gesture would make Nattles happy. 

Nattles became happy knowing Carrie was thinking of her, especially uncharacteristically going bra-less. As Carrie was walking away, Nattles turned towards the salesmen and pulled Carrie's bra out and affixed it to the windshield just above the dash. She then revved the engine hard a few times and sped through the parking lot to the far exit displaying her last ride in the parking lot for the salesmen. She entered the street and sped passed Carrie waiting in her car. The salesmen cheered, clapped, and gave Nattles the thumbs up sign as she sped away. Carrie smiled and waved at the friendly gentlemen as she pulled away from the curb, never seeing where Nattles had affixed her bra to the motorcycle.

By the time she entered the freeway, Nattles was feeling horny seeing Carrie's bra just above the dashboard. Carrie called Max, "We finished our business. Traffic has let up and we'll be there in an hour. Wait 'till you see Nattles!" And Carrie followed Nattles to Max's condominium.

"Can't wait to see you both." Max replied back.

Traffic had subsided by the time they left the dealership and Nattles was riding more aggressively than Carrie thought she should. For Nattles, the traffic jam was gone, her new ride was exhilarating, and she was thinking of sex watching Carrie's bra decorate the motorcycle with feminine flair. Carrie kept pace with Nattles none the less. It took them half the time Carrie had estimated. A half hour later Nattles pulled into Max's designated parking spot and parked at the front end to leave room for Carrie to park her car also. 

Carrie called Max as she entered the parking lot to tell Max to come out and see Nattles.

Max came out as Nattles was removing her helmet. Carrie got out of her car and ran over to stand next to Max. She exclaimed, "Doesn't she look sexy on that? All the men at the dealership went crazy as she drove away!"

Max said, "I can see why." And he stared at the lace bra attached to the windshield. 

Carrie noticed where he was staring. "Oh my God, Nattles. That was for you. Not the world! Take that off of there right now. Did you ride with it there this whole time? I hope you didn't stretch it all out. That was a good bra! I don't want it on display like that!"

Nattles responded, "I gave you my bra on the way over to get your juices flowing. Now mine are, Carrie. Giving it to me worked!"

Max just looked at the both of them and noticed Carrie's blouse was unbuttoned halfway down. He noticed she wasn't wearing a bra and began smiling. He could see her breasts so he needed clarification. "You mean you both took off your bras on the way over to make each other sex crazed for one another? That's hot!"

Nattles clarified his thought, "No. We took our bras off so we would be sex crazed for you! Traffic was unbearable and we wanted to take our minds away so we thought of sex with you, Max." Nattles removed Carrie's bra from the windshield and threw it over her shoulder. "Let's go sit in the tub or take a shower. I'm hot wearing all this gear," Nattles said to both of them.

Max's mouth was wide open in disbelief. "Are you teasing me Nattles? You both were really thinking of having sex with me?"

Nattles smiled and nodded yes. Carrie smiled at him too and also was nodding yes. Max was all excited. "That's even hotter. I wish I could tell someone!"

Carrie asked Nattles for the key to get her gear out of one of the saddlebags. Nattles and Max headed inside talking about Nattles' riding gear. Nattles had her jacket off already as she entered the front door showing Max the fabric and body armor.

As Carrie had her riding pants and jacket draped over her arms with her helmet dangling from her hand, Raquel walked by. Raquel stopped to look Carrie over. It appeared to Raquel that Carrie had just finished a ride on the motorcycle. Raquel smiled seeing Carrie's blouse wide open and tried to begin a friendly conversation in her own sassy way. "I would never have guessed that bike would be much of a thunder thumper between your legs."

Carrie pretended she knew motorcycle lingo and carried on with the unfamiliar conversation. Carrie agreed with Raquel's conclusion by saying, "It's not a thunder thumper. This motorcycle has traction control and anti-lock brakes. It handles real well in a rainstorm. That's why we bought it with all this gear which is waterproof."

Raquel continued, "My boyfriend has a V-twin thunder thumper. It's one of the best bikes to have between your legs. I've had many pleasurable joy rides on that. I have a vest that looks like your shirt which I wear when we ride to Sturgis. That ride always brings out the bitch in me as a backseat biker chick. Randy gets turned on when I get like that." And Raquel was grinning from ear to ear. 

Carrie was somewhat confused. She looked down at her mostly exposed breasts. Her nipples were barely covered. Then she looked back at Raquel and held up her gear to brag a little. "Well our motorcycle, as you can see is European. It won't thunder thump us at all between our legs. And with this stuff, we tell the weather when were going for a ride. Not the other way around. I do my best to not act like a bitch with Nattles. I don't want to upset her. That makes for a more pleasurable riding experience for both of us."

Now Raquel looked confused with Carrie's explanation. Not knowing what to say, she just smiled back at Carrie and wished her a pleasant evening. Carrie did the same to Raquel and headed inside. She put her gear on the floor next to Nattles' gear over by the couch. "I wish one of you would have told me my blouse was unbuttoned. I just had the weirdest conversation with Raquel. Nattles do you think I get bitchy in stormy weather?"

"Um, no... (?)"

"When Raquel saw me, she said that she turns into a bitch when she rides on the back of her boyfriend's motorcycle in bad weather. What's weird is her boyfriend gets turned on by it. She told me about a trip they took to Sturgis and it thundered the whole way. Her boyfriend has a V-twin which must handle terrible. It thumped the whole trip which she thought was pleasurable. Why would a woman who looks like her be that desperate?"

Max and Nattles were beginning to laugh as Carrie continued. "She even told me about her riding gear which shows her tits. She saw my blouse open and assumed I enjoy riding around like this! I DON'T THINK SO! ... I bragged about how our motorcycle was European and handled really well; and I showed her our cordura riding gear, which completely protects us. Our motorcycle won't thump between our legs, will it Nattles? That sounded a little scary to me."

Nattles and Max were laughing, now enjoying listening to Carrie's misunderstood conversation with Raquel.

Then Nattels reassured her, "No, Sweety. Our motorcycle will never thunder thump between our legs. Ours is smooooth as silk." 

Max kissed Carrie on her forehead and then Nattles. "I have dinner ready if you want." Max said. Carrie said she would really like a glass of wine. Nattles said that she wouldn't mind taking a shower first if they weren't going to get in the tub. Max put everything on a tray and suggested they go downstairs to the tub. Perhaps they could all snack while they relaxed. Nattles grabbed the bottle of wine and two more glasses and they went to the downstairs bathroom where the oversized tub was located. It was meant for two to lounge in but the three of them fit just fine. They had taken baths before to relax and just enjoy sex together. 

Max turned the water on to fill the tub. He turned around smiling as he watched the ladies undress. He was turned on staring at their curvaceous naked bodies again. He noticed that they seemed to not look at him or each other as they each undressed. He assumed they were being respectful and admired them for it. He always seemed to look at them more and more as often as he could. But he always turned away if he thought they were going to glance over at him. 

Each of the ladies then found a spot to sit in the tub as it continued to fill with water. Max's cock was erect and hard. He brought the dinner tray over and set it on a coffee table by the tub. Then he climbed inside and stood there figuring out how the seating arrangement would finally end up. Nattles had dunked her head to get it completely wet. When she came up Max's cock was in front of her face. She immediately stroked the length of it with her hand and put her mouth over him gliding her tongue back and forth over the bottom of his shaft. Max looked down at Carrie who was watching Nattles give Max a blowjob. 
