 Moving up in the company got the wife and I invited to more parties. One such party was at a client's home in the country. We arrived at five o'clock on Friday afternoon bag and baggage. We had never been invited any where for a weekend before so we packed just about everything we thought we would need. At the door the butler announced Mr. Tom Young and Mrs. Sue Young, arriving. We were told our host was busy and would meet us later. I saw one of the company partners down the hall and called to him. 

"Mark." Mark Hill was senior to me in the company but we were great friends. So he came up and kissed Sue on the cheek and shook my hand. I said, " How about showing us the ropes we have never been weekend guest before?" Mark smiled and said, he would be happy to push us in the right direction should we stray off the beaten path. 

With this we followed a pretty young thing up stairs and I could not help but notice she was very pretty for a maid. Sue noticed me looking and I got an elbow in the ribs with a smile along with it. Our assigned room was at the end of a long hall on the second floor. There are three other bedrooms along the outside wall. This was called the East wing. We were told that the guests are going to gather for a swim before dinner. The pool was directly below our balcony. 

Sue was so excited and I was proud of her she is so lovely and with a figure that has always excited me. It was hard not to keep my hands off her as she changed into a two-piece bikini. God all mighty did she looked sexy. I only hoped the other wives did not get jealous for her. Sue went into the bathroom to fix her hair while I gazed down from on high. There was a glass enclosed pool house at the back of the pool area. I could see a man and women standing in the shadows. I could not tell who they were but I could see he was being very friendly with her. The guy had his hand down in the back of the bright yellow bottom of a bikini. I don't blame the guy she had a beautiful ass and great long legs. I could not see the top half but it had to be as nice as the bottom. The lady was also friendly and she was cupping the guy's balls. I could only guess that they were kissing. I thought "nice party." 

By the time we walked out onto the pool deck there were several couples already there. I saw Mark and his wife Grace. We were still wearing our terry cloth robs provided us by our host. Some of the other had dropped theirs. The afternoon sun was still high and it was very warm so I dropped my rob on the back of a chair. Sue kept hers on for a while longer. I knew what she was doing. Sue was going to wait for just the right moment to pull her rob off while several men were close by to see her tight bikini. Sue liked to be looked at. It seem to turn her on and if all goes well I will reap the rewards later. 

Sue is tall and very well built but so where some of the other ladies. I spotted the yellow bikini. I see I was right about the top half being as nice as the bottom. She was blonde, deep blue eyes and a mouth that was wide and make for kissing. 


For just a second I had a flash of her mouth around my cock. God, that was a surprise because with a wife like Sue I have never thought of fooling around. I smiled at myself and hoped Sue did not see my grin. Mark headed our way with a tall handsome man about fifty in tow. Mark introduced our host to us. Richard Beck said to call him Dick. He was a pleasant man I could see in Sue's eyes she was taken by this older man. I hoped he was taken with her also. It would help if my clients were friends. 

A second couple joined us, they were introduced as Fred and Linda This is when Sue decided to remove her terry cloth rob. All three men stood in awe for a second or two. Even the lady Linda seen to enjoy the unveiling. I let my eyes drop for a second and it was evident that Dick was getting a hard on from looking at Sue. But so was I. No one was getting wet just standing around talking and drinking from a bar set up just out side the French doors leaning back into the house. Sue is not much of a drinker I had seen her get drunk on just two glasses of wine. I thought this as our host Dick handed Sue a tall glass filled with several different kinds of booze. I just let it go and was waiting to see what would happen as she worked on the drink. 

Music sounded for speakers hidden in the planters around the pool deck. Several couples started to dance and I watched as our host took off with Sue to dance. I settled in on a nice lounge chair to enjoy my very stiff drink. Dick seen to be holding Sue very close as they danced. . Close enough for her to feel his erection rub her leg. From what I could see he was well endowed. I let my eyes fix on the yellow bikini from time to time and I soon had a full erection myself. I happen to notice several guys had erections and none seem to try to hide them so neither did I. 

The pretty little maid came around and picked up my empty glass. I ask her who the yellow bikini was and she smile saying it was the daughter of our host. Her name was Becky; she was single and very sexy. My erection was standing out like a telephone pole and I saw the maid notice it. She smiled at me and winked. I smiled back and I was sure she had bent down far enough so I could see her bra-less tits were small but very firm. My eyes followed her tiny ass and she moved off with my empty glass. When I once more looked back out across the group I saw my wife walking toward the pool house with Dick's arm around her back. 

I should say very low on her back in fact his hand was squarely on her tight firm ass. The sun had moved just enough so that now I could not see into the pool house from where I was. It seemed strange for Sue to allow this guy to rest his hand on her ass. But maybe the drink was starting to work. I thought it was about time for me to rescue Sue from our host. I got up and had to change the position of my erection in my tight swim trunks. I had only taken one step when I found myself blocked by a very beautiful Becky in the yellow bikini. She smiled at me and offered me her hand. I don't know what the hell I was doing. I took her hand pulling ever so gentle on it pulling her to me so close my erection pressed into her crotch. 


 Becky smiled up and said, " Wow, you wife is a lucky lady." 

I said with out thinking. "She is with your father and if I know my wife he may have a tiger on his hands if she is drunk." 

Becky was slowly grinding her hips into my fully hard cock. She said, " Oh, I think my Dad can handle her. He is fifty two but not over the hill." 

I said, "Well why don't we go see what's going on in the pool house." She mumbled some thing that sounded like "This should be fun" as we headed for the glass enclosed room hand in hand. By the time we walked around the pool there were two other couples standing by the glass wall looking in. Becky and I enter through the glass door just in time to see her father drop his trunks to his knees. He cock was a good eight inches long and thick. The head was deep purple and long. 

Sue was sitting in a wicker chair, her gorgeous tits exposed; her bikini top was no where in sight. Dick was standing up close holding his cock right in front of her open mouth. Sue reached up taking his balls in her hand while taking that long pointed cock head in her open mouth. I had never thought of my wife would fool around on me, but here she was sucking Dick's generous cock. Becky said, " Dad loves to have a beautiful woman suck his cock and your Sue is surly that." I heard what Becky was saying but my mind was filling with strange thoughts. I was not feeling rage or even surprise at what I was watching I was feeling something else all together. 

It was a strange sense of arousal and an excitement of such intensity like nothing I had ever felt before. Watching my wife of nine years sucking another gay's cock was so damn arousing I almost was ready to cum myself. Sue had Dick by the ass and was pulling his cock deeper into her mouth. Dick was moaning with her as he was slowly coming to a climax. Sue was holding his cock in one hand now, and fingering her pussy with the other. She had worked the bikini crotch to one side. 

She had two fingers in her cunt as far as she could get them. Becky was fingering her own crotch and I was holding my cock through my trunks. I had the strangest feeling I would cum when Dick did. I knew full well how much Sue enjoyed sucking me off and how excited she got when I started to climax in her mouth. She often climaxed as I shot my load in her expert mouth. Becky was pulling me over to a chair by the inside bar. Becky pulled my trunks down and dropped into the chair taking my cock in her mouth at the same time. 

I knew Becky was sucking my cock and it felt great but my eyes never left Sue and Dick. I wanted to see him shoot off in my wife mouth, I wanted to see her take his load and swallow it as she does mine. Becky was an expert cocksucker also. I watched as Dick pushed his cock well back into Sue's hungry mouth. I saw her take so much cock it had to be going down her throat. Sue doing deep throat was something we had never done. I felt my cock swell to even long and large a size then ever before. That is when I saw Sue's throat stretch to accommodate his thick cock. Becky was pulling me closer and sucking my cock into the throat as well.


 Dick jerked widely tossing his head back damn near breaking his neck. Dick took Sue by the head and rammed his cock even farther into her mouth. I was not going to be out done so I pulled Becky face into my belly driving my cock down her throat. Dick and I echoed each other by filling our cocksucker's with our sperm. Never in my life was I so filled with lust as I watched Sue drink and swallow as much of Dick's cum as she could. I was so aroused by watching my wife sucking Dicks cock I did not even notice when I was done and my cock had slipped from Becky's mouth. Dick let his cock slip from Sue's mouth. We stood looking at one another. 

"My god man, I've never had such a cock sucking in all my life." Dick said as his knees nearly gave out on him. This is when I saw the others out side were engrossed as we were. Mark's wife Grace was bent over standing between two men. One had his cock in her mouth and the other had his cock in her pussy. Grace was enjoying every moment of her double teaming. I had never seen such a thing but I had heard of it of course. Just off to the side was Linda whom I had just met a few minutes before. She was engaged as well. Her husband was one of the guys screwing Grace so it was only fair that Mark was fucking Linda doggies style while she as trying her best to suck a long thin cock. I was even surprised to see the maid giving the guy serving drinks a blowjob. 

Sue had fallen over on her side drunk and passed out. I gathered her up and took her to our room. Sue slept well into the night. I returned to the pool and ask about dinner. Every one had some how regained some composure. I found our host Dick in the kitchen talking to the cook. Dinner would be served in thirty minutes. I told him Sue was dead drunk and would not be down. He said, he understood and took my hand. "Tom your a great guy for going along with this craziness this afternoon." I let the images of what had just happen run quickly through my brain. 

"Dick, I never thought anything like that would have ever happened to Sue and I. However, I must admit I was so aroused seeing you and Sue together I was dumb struck. Yet I wanted to see it through to the end. When you reached your climax I did also and never in my life have I climaxed like that. So I guess I was turned on by it." 

"Happy to hear you say that, Tom for I would love for you and Sue to be my guests again and the next time we will only have you two, my daughter, oh, by the way she is my step daughter. Plus one other couple how does that sound?" I told him I thought it would be acceptable to Sue as well. in fact I was going to look forward to it.