 As narrated previously, I had an enjoyable sex life as I developed into a young man. But, I did not have any sexual intercourse until I was in my mid-20s. It was because of lack of opportunities. Illegitimate sex is a big risk in my country, particularly in the villages. You need to do it clandestinely and we were careful not to be caught red-handed. Besides the women with whom I had liaisons did not want to get pregnant or lose their virginity to anyone other than their husbands. I was longing to bury my cock into a cunt. 

The opportunity came through an acquaintance I made during a bus travel. One time I had to travel to a city that was a 10-hour ride from my hometown. The buses typically leave at 8 pm in the night and reach the destination at 6 am. There would be some twenty 2-seat rows in the bus. When I got into the bus, the person who was to sit next to me had already occupied his seat. He looked like he was about 45 years old. He seemed like a respectable middle age man with body size a little on the plumb side. We exchanged smiles as I settled comfortably in our seats. We had some small talk asking where he was going (to the same city where I was going), what we do for a living, etc. The bus was on its way then and a movie started running on the video system in the bus. We watched the movie which was interrupted for quick dinner on the way in a roadside restaurant and resumed. While the movie was going on, Mr. Ganapathy (the person occupying the next seat), made occasional small talk. While doing so, he put his hands on my thigh. First, I thought he was just being friendly. But, he had left his hands for a few minutes, gently caressing my thighs with his palms – a definite signal that his intentions were more than just being friendly. I was a little unsure where this was going to go as I had not had any homosexual encounters after my incident with Selva. Also, this was my first encounter with anyone who was much older than I. I was intrigued as well as sexually stimulated as to where this incident would take me. Mr. Ganapathy, however, withdrew his hands. He probably was not sure of the signal from me and did not want to risk any further. I was also not sure whether he pressing my thighs was an innocent act or not. 

By this time, the movie had come to an end, all lights inside the bus were turned off for passengers to get some sleep and we could already see most passengers in various states of sleep. I noticed that Mr. Ganapathy had shut his eyes. I tried to do the same and in a few minutes started dozing off. Half an hour later, I woke up to find Mr. Ganapathy's palms on my thighs again. He was pretending to be asleep, but from the way his fingers were resting on my thighs, I could tell that he was sending signals to me. I decided to take the act a little further. So, also pretending to be in sleep, I slid a little further in my seat so his fingers could be close to my crotch area. After a few minutes, Mr. Ganapathy moved his palm further up and started caressing my thigh closer to the crotch. Seeing no resistance from me, he boldly advanced to the crotch. My penis was already erect. He cupped the crotch with his palm and felt my erection through the pants and the underwear. At the same time, he took my arm and put it on his crotch area. I reciprocated what he was doing for me. We decided to take the action further as a team. We were covered by blankets, so there was no way anyone could see we playing with each others' cocks. We unzipped our pants, liberated our cocks from the underwear and held each others. His cock was fairly large, but lacked the rigidity of young cocks that I was used to (mine and Selva's). It was also relatively cooler than ours. Feeling my cock, Mr. Ganapathy whispered in my ears, "Ennappa, evvalavu periya saamaana vechirukke" (vow, what a big cock you have). I was pleased to hear that remark and smiled at him. He further said "Nee oombuneenna en samaanum nallaa verachikkum. Senju viduthiyaa thambi?" (If you suck me, my cock will also become very rigid. Can you please do that for me?). 

I felt like obliging him. So, I lied down on his lap and took his penis into my mouth. Furling and unfurling the foreskin hood with my lips, I sucked the head while stimulating the shaft and his balls with my hands. He turned his body sideways so it would be hard for anyone to see what's going on. Besides it was dark inside the bus and most passengers were deep asleep. 

I could feel that my mouth brought a lot of vigor to his cock. After sometime I sat up and masturbated him to an orgasm. He reciprocated the favor by sucking me and then jacking me for an explosive orgasm. We proceeded to sleep peacefully after that. 

In the morning when the bus arrived in the city, he asked me where I was going to stay. I told him that I was going to find a hotel. He offered to put me in his place, a room in a large house called Mansion, in the city. He worked and lived in the city, but his family lived in my hometown. So, he was commuting on a weekly basis, spending weekdays in the city and weekends in the town. He had a room retained in the Mansion for his weekday accommodation. After some reluctance, I agreed to stay in his room during my stay. 

Needless to say that we had a lot of sex in the Mansion room. Mr. Ganapathy was extremely horny when we got to his room. As we entered the room, he locked the door, stripped me and knelt down to suck me off to a good orgasm. I reciprocated the favor. Then we showered and went about our ways in the city. In the night, we did it on the bed. We tried anal sex. But, we did not know how to do it. We fumbled inserting our cocks into each others' assholes which were tight and unyielding. So, we ended up satisfying each other through mutual oral sex and jack offs. 

We became good friends and started talking about our experiences and other things. Mr. Ganapathy admitted that he was addicted to sex and that he and his wife had sex nearly 3 or 4 times in the two days he stayed with her in a week. He had taught his wife a lot of things and that she was also horny woman who wanted to be fucked from different positions. They read a lot of porn together and tried various things. Mr. Ganapathy also showed me the stash of porn books he had in his room. We started reading porn together and orally satisfy or masturbate each other off. 

During one session of porn reading, we read this story of a husband who enjoyed seeing his fucked by another man. The story was very stimulating. Mr. Ganapathy and I started playing with each other as we read through the story. He made me stand up so he could kneel down and suck me. He almost revered my young, rigidly erect and thick penis in this position. As he lovingly licked and sucked me, he admitted his desire to have me fuck his wife with my large tool and how he would love to see it going in and out of his wife's hole and pleasure her. I enjoyed that thought as well. I came very soon in strong spurts. I returned the favor on Mr. Ganapathy and made him come quite strongly. 

After this incident, Mr. Ganapathy furthered the fantasy of me fucking his wife, Lalitha, by taking it up every time we did sex. He described his wife in great detail: how she loved to spread her legs to have him lick her cunt for hours, the nice smell of her pussy and how hard she wanted him to fuck her. He also relished the thought that my tool has not entered the pussy of any other woman and that Lalitha would be the first to take my virginity. He asked me for a month's time to prepare Lalitha for our encounter. Until then I was to go to their house as a visitor and show interest in her. 

I returned to my home town. In a few days, Mr. Ganapathy also returned for his weekend visit. He asked me to visit his house. In the house, he introduced me to Mrs. Lalitha Ganapathy. I was quite happy to note that Mrs. Ganapathy was a good looking woman. But, she seemed to be prudish wearing a saree that did not reveal her bodily assets. She was working as a teacher in a local school and seemed a stern teacher with her thick-rimmed glasses and hair bundled into a bun. I ate dinner at their house. I could not believe that she was the kind of woman Mr. Ganapathy described to me. I was caught staring at her a few times, but she seemed to be not minding my attention. 

Mr. Ganapathy asked me to give him some time to convince Lalitha for a threesome. He also requested me not to visit her during his absence because he was still a jealous husband. Any fun with her would be limited to his presence. I agreed. I went to his house whenever he visited his wife. Mr. Ganapathy gave me updates on how things were progressing. During their sex sessions he had started mentioning how he would love to see a big cock go in and out of her cunt and how nicely she would feel if two mouths pleasure her breasts at the same time. He said that she reached her orgasm much quicker when he talked to her like this. He added more and more details to it and finally started mentioning me by name in their sessions. Finally, one day he popped the big question. She had reluctantly agreed and with one condition that we will have the session in a dark room. Mr. Ganapathy was very disappointed because he could not then see our action. Yet, he felt that we should do it as he was convinced that she would let us do it with the lights on once her inhibitions go away. 

The appointed day came. Mr. Ganapathy asked me to visit their house at 9 p.m. I showed myself at the house at sharp 9 p.m. Mr. Ganapathy opened the door. Mrs. Ganapathy was not to be seen. Mr. Ganapathy explained that she was taking a shower and would proceed to bed. He asked me to wait in another room and that he would let me know when they were ready for me. Mr. Ganapathy said that he would spend about half-an-hour with her to orally stimulate her and then would invite me in. With a palpitating heart and an already erect and throbbing penis, I waited. 

As promised, Mr. Ganapathy came out a little later and beckoned me. His cock was erect and shining in spittle or cunt juices. I went in. He closed the door. It was pitch dark inside the room. He took me by hand and led me to the bed. I could figure out Mrs. Ganapathy on the bed. Mr. Ganapathy said "Dev, Lalitha akka unakkaaha koothiya virichittu kaathittu irukka. Ava udambukku vendiya sohatha kodu" (Dev, my wife Lalitha is eagerly awaiting for you with an open cunt. Give her all the bodily pleasures). 

With that he made me sit on the bed and took my head to his wife's breasts. I felt the softness of another man's wife. Her nipples were already erect with anticipation. I started sucking them lovingly and passionately. I kneaded the breast with one hand and sucked and licked the nipples. Occasionally, I would bite them gently and squeeze them hard, but most of the time I handled them preciously. My eyes by this time were used to the darkness. I could see that Mr. Ganapathy was already working on his wife's cunt, licking her there. Mrs. Ganapathy was enjoying the session as she was lovingly stroking my head. After a bit of time, she pulled me up and kissed me on my lips. We kissed for at least five minutes with each other probing our mouths and interlocking our soft tongues. Sensing us kissing, Mr. Ganapathy moved from his position and helped me to undress. He then held my erect cock in his hand and offered it to his wife. 

Mrs. Ganapathy buried her face in my crotch area and kissed me all over the place. She also put my penis into her mouth and started sucking me. But, I withdrew from her saying that I did not want to come. I also confessed to her that I have never fucked a woman in the past and that both of them should teach me how to pleasure a woman. Mr. Ganapathy assured me help and positioned me in a way I could enter his wife. He took my penis in his hand and brushed it lightly against the entrance of his wife's vagina. Then with a gentle pressure on my buttocks he made me enter her. 

Though I have had several sexual encounters with men and women, this was the first time I was entering a cunt. Oh, it was a sensation of superlatives. Mrs. Ganapathy was soft, moist, warm and immensely receptive. My erect cock was tightly held by the firm, yet soft muscles of her inside. It glided in smoothly, the force of it overwhelming whatever little resistance offered by her interior. I filled her until my pubic base touched her base. Mother instinct took over me then. I started fucking her like an experienced hand, pulling out and pushing in, slamming against her pubic area. Mrs. Ganapathy started moaning loudly. Mr. Ganapathy sat by his wife and started kissing her deeply while I continued to slam her. I would slow down a bit to relish the smooth gliding in and out of my cock and speed up to create sensations in her cunt passage. I knew I could not keep on going as I could feel my seminal fluids welling up and ready to flood her hole. I erupted. Mrs. Ganapathy pulled me deep inside her to receive my seed. I fell on her deeply satisfied and exhausted. Stroking my buttocks softly, she kissed me on my lips contently and said "Asathitta kanna. Mama sonna maathiri nee elan kaalaithaan" (You did a great job, boy. Like my husband said you are truly a stud bull). 

Sensing that Mr. Ganapathy was still not satisfied, we parted. Lalitha asked her husband to mount her. Mr. Ganapathy said, "Lalitha, unna pinnaala irunthu okkanum" (I want to fuck you from behind). So, Lalitha got on all her fours allowing her husband to enter her doggy style. Mr. Ganapathy asked me to guide his penis into his wife's cunt. I gladly obliged. Mr. Ganapathy's stick was extremely stiff – just like mine. I inserted it into his wife's cunt from which my semen was still dripping. I eased him in by putting gentle pressure on his buttocks. He started fucking her first a bit slowly to find his balance and rhythm. As he sped up, he also started talking: "Aendi Lalitha, Dev sunni un koothiya virichi suham koduthichaa?" (Lalitha, did Dev's cock pleasured your cunt?); "Avan thanniyum, en thanniyum kalanthu innikku un koothi satha, sathannu aaha pohuthu" (Our seminal fluids are going to mix within you and soak you very well); "Adutha thadavai light pottutu seyvom. Nee avan periya sunniya oomburatha naan paarkanum" (Next time we have to do it with the lights on and I want to see you suck his cock). Then groaning that he was going to come, he exploded into her cunt. From her groan, I realized that Mrs. Ganapathy also reached her second orgasm. We all laid down in the same bed and slept peacefully until the morning. 

We had another session in the morning. Since it was day break, there was some light in the bed room. I could see Lalitha better. For a lady of forty years she looked sensual. Her breasts were on the smaller side. But, she had great legs – long and tapering. Her pubic hair was thinly trimmed. Mr. Ganapathy started the session. He asked me to take a close look at her wife's pussy. We explored her pussy together licking it and gently stroking it alternatively. Then I entered her while Mr. Ganapathy had his cock sucked by her. We all had an enjoyable fucking session that morning and continued to do it for several months. Mrs. Ganapathy eventually lost interest in the threesome and we finally discontinued our relationship when I had to move out of town for my work.