 I guess if I had to name my three favorite things they would be pretty clothes, vanilla ice cream with chocolate sauce and cocks, especially big ones like some men have. I am sorry if you think that is slutty but I am trying be honest about myself. I don’t have a lot of experience with cocks, or at least I didn’t, but I think about them and I am always aware of men in their bathing suits at the lake and like other situations where you will see their soft bulges or maybe even their hard bulges. Because I have this interest you will understand why I acted the way I did when Mr. Alberto asked me to come to his party.

It started after our first performance of Noises Off at my high school where I am a senior. Also, I am eighteen, and I was then, so it is okay for me tell this story. I played the role of Brooke in the play and it is a pretty sexy role but the play is so funny that no one minds that much about the sex which they would otherwise because this is high school. So, a lot of people had come up to me in the hallway after the play and told me they liked it and I was very excited about the whole thing. There were people everywhere, parents and kids and a few teachers all crowding around, not just me, but the other kids in the play, too, and I noticed this man in the background I had never seen before. He was wearing a brown suit and sunglasses even though he was inside. He had long black hair. He seemed interesting and I wondered who he was. Every time I glanced at him, he was looking back at me. After a while, the crowd of people thinned out and I decided to go and get dressed in my regular clothes and I purposely walked by the man to see if he would say anything about me being in the play and he did say something, but not that.

“Would you like to be rich,” he said in a low voice.

I stopped and looked at him.

“Are you talking to me?”, I said.

“Yes. I saw your picture in the paper with the story about the play which is why I came and someone who works for me took some pictures of you when you were a cheerleader last year. You are a nice actress. How would you like to act in a movie and make a lot of money?”

I was surprised about him saying he had someone take pictures of me. Was he like a stalker or something? Or was he really a movie person, maybe someone important who could make me a famous actress. Well, to make a long story short, it turned out he was a rich guy from the city who made porn movies for a hobby and gave them to his friends and he wanted to pay me to be in one. I said no thanks. But then he said that if I didn’t want to do that maybe I would be interested in helping with this contest they have at this big party he puts one like once a year. It is at his mansion which is outside of the city and lots of rich people come there and it lasts like a whole week and there are all sorts of sexy things that happen and one of them is a contest for which guy has the best cock. He said that I could be one of the judges, and he would pay me to do that. I wouldn’t have to have sex with the guys, just look at their cocks and measure them and stuff while people in the audience watched and then the judges would vote. I would be the “innocent young girl judge” and besides me there would be a “pretty slut judge”, who would be a woman older than me and a “horny old broad judge” who would be like a grandmother person. Usually they had about eight or ten men in the contest and these guys always had great cocks, he said. Being pretty and young like I was, I would be of help to them keeping their cocks big and hard during the contest because they could think about fucking me if they wanted even though they wouldn’t actually fuck me. Sometimes guys would be too self conscious in front of the audience to get a good hardon so they always tried to have a young girl there to help with that. In other words, I would be there for display, sort of like Vanna White, as well as being a judge, he said.

I felt weak in the knees just at the idea of what he was suggesting. It was almost like a fantasy dream come true. I told him I couldn’t do it, that was totally impossible. I could feel myself still blushing with embarrassment as I hurried away to the dressing room. 

It was like I was in a different world for the next half hour or so as I got dressed and heard everyone chattering away about the play and everything while all I could think about was Mr. Alberto and his proposal. I was a little mad at myself for being saying no so fast, but I also felt relieved when it seemed that Mr. Alberto had gone. Of course, the idea was ridiculous. He had said the party lasted like a week and he would want me to stay overnight which I could never do. I mean what would I tell my parents? Well, I was walking out of the school with my girlfriend when a man approached us. He was wearing a uniform and a hat and I realized he had come from this long black limousine that was parked across the driveway, glistening in the lamplight. The man was black. Gina and I stopped as he reached us. He was tall and lean and kind of scary and he looked at Gina and then at me and then he handed me a small envelope, turned and headed back to the limo without saying a word. 

“Ok, what was that about?”, Gina said.

“I don’t know,” I said as I pulled out a small card with Mr. Alberto’s name and phone number on it. “Call me. There’s nothing to be afraid of. $1,000,” it said.

“Oh, it is just a compliment about the play,” I said, putting the card in the back pocket of my jeans. The limo drove off into the dark. Suddenly I had prickles going up and down my spine.

Gina and I had our own cars. I walked in a kind of daze to mine. As I as driving, I tried to get my thoughts together. I was having one of my slutty urges. I get them all the time and I always did my best to control them. I didn’t want to disappoint my parents for one thing. They always acted like really moral. We went to church every Sunday and we always said grace, even at breakfast, and my mom belonged to all these committees at the church and blah blah blah. She didn’t do it because she had nothing else to do. My mom is totally gorgeous. She is forty years old but she still gets tons of looks at the beach in her bikinis. Her attitude about that was that if God made you pretty it was ok to show it off as long as you didn’t act bad. So I was thinking about this as I drove home and it occurred to me that I could probably sneak away to that party if I wanted because my Dad was going on one of his business trips that week and Mom was going to go with him. I would be alone since my brothers were away at college. We have voice mail that I could check on my cell phone and call my Mom back and she wouldn’t know the difference. It made feel really guilty to be having these sneaky thoughts and then, as I pulled into our driveway, I saw my uncle’s car there and I suddenly remembered I was supposed to have gone to our cast party at Gina’s house, not home. I had just forgotten being all confused about Mr. Alberto and his invitation. Well, I had to go to the bathroom, so I decided to do that before going to Gina’s and that little decision of mine led to the shock of my life.

When I got in the house, I heard people laughing in the living room. My Uncle Jack has this really deep, loud laugh that almost makes you have to laugh with him. I had a kind of crush on Uncle Jack and I was happy that he was there and that I would be able to say hello to him and my Aunt Ginger. They were sitting on the big sofa in front of the tv, with my Mom and Dad, and on the tv screen all you could see was this big black cock going back in forth in a woman’s mouth. I stood behind them in the archway of the living room, hardly able to believe my eyes. 

“Damn, I hope that stud is here again this year,” Aunt Ginger said.

“I bet you do. I know Lorraine wants another turn with him,” Dad laughed.

What were they talking about? Then the camera pulled back and you saw more and more of the woman’s face and I almost fell down when I realized that we were watching a movie of my Mom giving a blowjob.

“If I know, Alberto, he will have lots of cocks there for you girls to have fun with,” Uncle Jack said.

“I’m sure,” Ginger said. “And speaking of cocks, honey, you and Edward have excellent ones. I think you guys should enter the contest this year. You might not win but you won’t embarrass yourselves, and you’ll have a good time, that’s for sure.”

“Mmmmm, have to think about that,” Dad smiled.

“By the way, dear,” Mom said, “I told Elle this morning that we were going on one of your trips for that week. I said it was in Los Angeles. Ok?”

“Right, Los Angeles,” Dad said. 

I turned around and quietly left the house and then I came back in, singing in a loud voice. When I got to the living room, the tv was off . Usually, I give my aunt and uncle a kiss on the cheek when I first see them, but I didn’t this time. I just said hello in a serious voice and then hurried upstairs to the bathroom. Like I said before, I was in total shock.