 Author's note: I forgot to recognize Angel Love for the editing of my last story and she did it for this one also. Sorry Angel, I never meant to snub the better half of this team.

I was surprised when they announced that USAir flight 153 from Tampa to DC was boarding. Looking east through the terminal window, I could see huge black clouds and an occasional bolt of lighting. The gate agent asked that we board quickly, stow our bags and get seated in order to beat the storm.

I wasn't looking forward to the flight. Because my Tampa meeting had lasted an extra four hours, I had to cancel my early afternoon flight and rebook. I lost my first class seat and was stuck in coach.

I had just cracked open a Steven King novel, when someone said, "Excuse us, we're in with you."

I looked up to see two women. They were both very attractive and in their late 20's or early 30's. I stood from my isle seat and let them climb into their seats. The first to pass into our row was a cute redhead. She was a short 5'1" and sported a few extra pounds, most in her mammoth DD-Cup tits. I noticed she had a curvy figure, cute ass and short semi-plump thighs were exposed below a jean skirt.

Her travel companion was a brunette. She had almond eyes, big lips and a thin body. She was braless and the nipples of her A-Cup breast poked through her tan tee-shirt. She also had a sexy ass and her thin legs stretched beneath a pair of mid-thigh length shorts.

As the girls settled in, we exchanged quick pleasantries and I went back to my book. The airline crew worked fast to get everyone seated, they gave their safety instructions and we were on our way. Almost.

As we taxied to the runway a ferocious storm rolled in and the airport shut down. The pilot came on the intercom and explained that the ground crews were not allowed outside while there's lightning in the area. The air control manager had ordered all planes to park on the taxiway and take-offs would resume when the storm passed.

I rolled my eyes at my neighbors and asked if they were connecting through DC. "We're going to a friend's wedding in Albany," the redhead answered. "We have a seventy minute layover. Do you think we'll make our connection?"

"I'm heading to Pittsburgh and have a ninety minute wait. We'll see."

The plane took off three hours late. As we were allowed to use our cell phones during the wait, I called my travel agent and found out that USAir had rebooked me on a 6:40am flight to Pittsburgh the next morning. My seat mates had been booked on a 7:00 a.m. flight to their destination. After considerable trouble, my agent was able to reserve a room at the airport Hyatt. I was a bit upset, as the cost was $429.00. But, at least I had a room.

During the three hour wait and the two-hour flight, I got to know both Becky, the pudgy redhead and Carla, the thin brunette. They grew up in the same small Florida town, had graduated high school together and still lived within twenty minutes of each other. They were best friends. Both girls were married and each had one young child. 

They were from lower-middle-class families and admitted having to save for a year to afford the trip. Their husbands had wanted to come, but they couldn't afford four airline tickets. "Plus," said Becky, "it's been a while since we were able to get away together." She poked Carla in the ribs and both girls giggled.

"That sounds like a story I'd like to hear."

Carla had a sparkle in her eye, as she said, "We've known each other our whole lives. Believe me, it's way more than one story," and both girls laughed again.

As the flight was so late taking off, the drinks were free. I was able to sweet talk the flight attendant into three rounds for me and my friends. By the time we landed at Dulles, we were all slightly buzzed.

It was almost 9:30 p.m. when we landed and our connections were long gone. I walked with the girls to baggage claim. While Carla and I waited for our luggage, Becky went to the bank of courtesy hotel phones and tried to find them a room.

Twenty minutes later, an upset Becky approached. "I can't find any rooms at a decent price. The only rooms available are more than $400.00 and I can't afford to split that."

A dejected Carla agreed, "I can't either."

Before the girls could decide what to do, the airline announced that due to the great number of delays, all luggage would be forwarded to the connecting flights and would not be available tonight. There was a roar of angry passengers and a stampede to the customer service office.

Carla and Becky were confused as I explained what was happening. "This sucks," exclaimed Becky. "I'm buzzed from the beer, stuck in an airport and have to pee. At least I can solve one of my problems." She stomped off to a nearby women's room.

I was about to wish Carla good luck, when she looked up at me with a mischievous stare. "I'm wondering when you're going to be a gentleman and invite us to share your room?"

"Carla, if I invite you to my room, I'm afraid I'll be anything but a gentleman."

Carla's eyes flashed and her smile broadened. She stepped to me, wrapped her arms around my neck and pressed her body and lips into mine. When my mouth opened, Carla plunged her tongue into my mouth and let out an urgent groan.

When she pulled her face away, she looked at me and asked, "Are you going to share?"

"It depends."

"On what?" Carla asked as she pressed her pussy against my rock hard dick.

"It depends if Becky kisses as good as you."

"Oh, I can guarantee that she'll have your mouth watering." Carla aggressively pulled me against her and kissed me hard.

Carla and I were leaning against a column when Becky approached a few minutes later. "So what the hell are we going to do tonight?"

Carla smiled at Becky and said, "If you give Chris a good kiss, he's going to invite us back to share his room."

Becky was confused at the change of direction, but quickly caught on. She smiled at Carla and said, "You're such a slut." She wrapped her fingers into my belt loop and pulled herself to me. Her giant tits pressed into my chest. As she looked me in the eye, she continued, "She's almost as big a slut as me."

Becky rose onto her toes and filled my mouth with her tongue. We kissed hard and fast and my hand reached for her skirt-covered ass and pulled her against my dick. Becky groaned as I cupped her ass cheek and humped into her twat.

"Okay, break it up, you two." When we pulled apart, Carla asked, "Are you going to share?"

I just smiled and nodded. We gathered our few carry-on bags and headed for the Hyatt courtesy shuttle. We sat close together in the back of the van. I learned that the girls had very active sex lives, until they were married five years ago. Sex with their husbands was good, but lacked the variety of their younger years. 

They had been mostly faithful to their husbands. They had strayed two years ago, on a girl's trip to Las Vegas. They also shyly admitted to being bisexual. They often got together with each other to relieve their sexual frustration.

We received an odd look from the check-in staff at the Hyatt. It's unusual for one man and two women to check into the same room without luggage. The Hyatt restaurant had closed for the night, but we were told that the TGIF next door was still open.

Carla, Becky and I stowed our carry on bags at the front desk and headed next door for a quick bite to eat. We sat at the end of an empty bar and ordered appetizers and beers. The girls teased me as they told stories of their younger years.

"Do our stories excite you?" Carla asked.

I laughed and admitted, "I'm about to rip a hole in my pants."

Both girls cracked up. Becky was sitting next to me. She patted my thigh and coyly moved her hand to my rod. Her hand played with my spongy head and slowly moved down my staff.

"Holy Jesus Christ."

"What's wrong?" Carla asked.

Becky slowly traced her fingers from my cock head to my balls. "Do you remember Jim Scott?"

"Of course," Carla answered. "I was sore for days after he fucked me."

"Well the cock I'm playing with is just as thick and at least two inches longer."

There was an uncomfortable silence as Carla continued her exploration. "I hope you're not having second thoughts," I asked and looked both girls in the eye. 

Carla turned her bar stool toward me and spread her legs. She worked the fingers of her right hand into the leg of her shorts and up to her pussy. Her eyes glazed over and she let a low, "Mmmm" escape her lips. When she pulled her hand from her crotch, the first two fingers were glistening. She held them to my nose, so I could smell her sex and then pushed them into her mouth and sucked them clean.

"I'm not having second thoughts. How about you, Becky?"

When I glanced at Becky, she had also turned her bar stool to face me. Her thighs were spread wide and I could see up her short skirt to her silk covered pussy. Becky pulled the red silk material to the side and exposed her soaked and swollen pink gash. She ran her fingers along her lips and took a deep breath as she circled her clit.

"I'm so fucking horny. Let's get out of here."

I paid the tab and the three of us quickly made our way back to the room. The girls preceded me into the room and as the door closed, I reached out and pulled Carla to me. We embraced and kissed in the entry area. I let one hand roam to her heart-shaped ass and pulled the thin woman tight against me. My other hand rose to her tiny breasts. I pinched her inch long erect nipple. A muffled groan escaped into my mouth.

I could see Becky out of the corner of my eye. She was watching us intently. Without breaking the kiss, I wagged a finger to Becky. When she came within reach, my hand circled her waist and I pulled her into the group. I pulled from Carla's mouth and pressed into Beth's. 

I kissed back and forth between the two women. My hands were groping their asses and the group was breathing hard. "Undress me," I told them.

Together the women tugged my golf shirt from the waist of my pants and pulled it over my head. "Remember, we don't have a change of clothes. We'll have to wear this tomorrow."

As Becky dropped to her knees and started to untie the laces of my shoes, Carla hung my shirt in the closet. Becky was working my shoes and socks off when Carla approached me from behind. She circled her arms around my waist and unbuckled and unbuttoned my pants. Carla pulled the pants and boxers over my waist, and then let a kneeling Becky take over and pull the pants over my feet.

As Becky handed the pants to Carla, she stared at my erection. It was huge and easily eight inches long and as thick as her wrist. She reached out took hold of the base and kissed the head. She licked pre-cum from my slit and finally worked the head and first few inches into her mouth.

Carla watched from the open closet. "Becky's the only one in high school to deep throat Jim Scott. She was a legend. I'll bet she can do you too."

With that encouragement, Becky worked another two inches down her throat. "AAAhhh . . . you've got a great mouth. Go slow, baby."

As Becky continued to slowly work my cock deeper, Carla continued, "So, how old are you?"

Between ragged breaths, I answered, "I'm 46."

"You're fifteen years older than our husbands and in much better shape." Carla approached me and ran her hands over my upper arm and shoulders. "I think your shoulders are sexy."

I'm proud of my body. I run and lift weights weekly. I'm also a life time practitioner of karate and hold a seventh degree black belt. 

As Becky continued to work my cock with her throat, I pulled Carla to me and kissed her again. As she caressed my arms and chest, I slipped a hand down the back of her shorts. I felt the cotton string of her thong disappear into the crack of her ass as I massaged her globes. 

When I pulled from Carla's lips, I said, "She did it!" 

We looked down and saw Becky's nose buried in my pubes. She worked back to the head, looked up at us and plunged her mouth back down my dick. When Becky reached the base of my cock, Carla reached down and held Becky's face in my crotch. "I told you she was a slut."

Becky continued the sloppy blow job for a bit longer. I knew I wouldn't last much longer, so I pulled from Becky's mouth. She climbed to her feet and was met by an energetic kiss from me. 

"That was some of the best cock sucking, I've ever had."

She kissed me. "MMMmmm. If you want, you can cum in my mouth."

"I'm an old man, baby. I want to save this hard-on. I don't know how many more I'll have."

Then I turned to Carla. "I want you to undress Becky for me." 

I turned and walked further into the room and sat in the room's only arm chair. The women followed me into the main room and stood at the foot of the bed. The taller Carla stood behind Becky. She reached around and unbuttoned Becky's sleeveless blouse. Once it was completely unbuttoned, she pulled it over her shoulders. Carla quickly unclasped Becky's mammoth bra. I was surprised at the size of Becky's DD-Cup tits. They stood straight out and had very little sag. 

Carla finished by pulling the short jean skirt and red silk G-string down Becky's legs. Becky was clearly uncomfortable as she stood naked in the middle of the room. Carla hung the clothes and again took up her place behind Becky.

Carla cupped Becky's proud tits and caressed her fat nipples. "Oh . . . my . . . God . . . yes!" Becky shook as a small orgasm rippled through her. 

Carla smiled and explained, "Her nipples are incredibly sensitive. She loves to have them pinched and sucked."

She continued to work on Becky's tits with one hand. Her other hand dropped to Becky's bald slit and massaged her clit."

As Becky slumped into Carla and orgasmed again, she whispered, "Yes! My pussy is so fucking hot."

I called out from my spot on the arm chair, "Carla, take off your clothes and take Becky to bed."

It took an instant for Becky and Carla to strip Carla. Leaving her clothes on the floor, the women jumped into bed. Knowing Carla would want the clothes presentable in the morning, I hung them in the closet.

Back in my chair I watched the women explore each other's bodies. They took their time and explored every inch. I was satisfied to watch at first. I stayed rock hard for over thirty minutes as the women traded orgasms. 

When the girls finally worked their way into a comfortable 69 position, I decided to join the action. Carla was on her back, with her legs spread wide. She was panting as Becky buried her head in Carla's overheated cunt and lapped from her clit to asshole.

Becky was positioned on her knees. Her ass was high and spread. The view of her dripping cunt and pink asshole was open to me. Carla was licking Becky's clit and finger fucking two fingers up Becky's slot.

I positioned myself behind Becky's upturned ass. I pulled Carla's fingers from Becky's pussy and slowly slid the head of my excited cock into her wet hole.

I could feel Carla's tongue continue to lick Becky's clit as I pushed deeper into her tight snatch.

"Oh . . . fuck . . . oh . . . fuck . . . oh . . . fuck . . . me hard," Becky called out.

I bottomed out a few minutes later. As I held tight against Becky's ass, Carla left Becky's clit and started to lick my balls.

"Oh you fucking slut. That feels so fucking good."

I let her lick and suck my balls for a bit longer, and then told her, "Go back to Becky's clit."

When I felt Becky stiffen as Carla sucked her clit, I grabbed Becky's hips and started to fuck her. I pulled all but the head out and jammed my cock back in. Becky bucked from one orgasm to the next as her cunt was overloaded. After twenty minutes of hard pounding, Becky stiffened groaned a final, "OOOOhhhh," and slumped forward. My cock popped from Becky's stretched hole.

I was close to my first cum and wanted to finish Betsy off. I turned her on her back and pulled her to the edge of the bed. Holding an ankle high and wide, I pushed myself back into her. From my standing position, I pounded Becky's pussy. It took a short few minutes and I exploded deep in Becky's cunt.

I rolled onto the bed as we all struggled for breath. Carla and I watched as a river of white cum drooled out of Becky's hole. "Clean her baby. I want to watch as you eat my cum."

Becky protested, "Please . . . I can't take any more." But let out a satisfying, "Oh . . . it feels . . . so fucking . . . good!" 

I never got completely soft and quickly recovered my erection as I watched Carla eat my cum from Betsy's snatch. Carla was in the doggie position as I climbed behind her and nailed my dick into her vise tight hole. 

As I pistoned into Carla's snatch, Becky crawled from under her and cheered me on. "Fuck her. Pound the fucking slut and make her cum. Fuck her hard you bastard. Make her scream like a tired old whore."

I continued to pound Carla's pussy from behind as Betsy kept up her filthy verbal assault. She climbed from under Carla and knelt beside me. As my cock jammed in and out of Carla, Betsy reached out and spread Carla's ass cheeks. She smeared cunt juice into Carla's back hole.

"Make the bitch stop," Carla cried. 

As Carla begged, Betsy pushed two fingers deep into Carla's rectum. "I know your secret Carla. I know you love a good ass fuck. Just like I took this cock deep into my throat, you're going to take it up the ass."

She turned to me. "Fuck the slut's ass. Stick that monster up her shitter."

It had been years since a woman was brave enough to take my dick in her ass. As I pulled from her cunt, Betsy held Carla's cheeks wide apart. As I pushed, her rose blossomed and the first five inches were swallowed.

As Carla groaned and hunched forward, Betsy cheered, "I told you. She's an ass whore. Keep pushing that thing in. Pound her like an ass slut. Cum up her ass."

I didn't want to hurt the woman, but her friend's filthy talk was turning me on. As I started to pound her asshole, I could feel Carla reach under Betsy and slide some fingers into her snatch.

"We're double fucking you slut. You're our fuck toy." 

Carla exploded every few minutes.

I had been actively fucking the girls for almost ninety minutes. As Carla finished her final cum, I pulled from her and collapsed on my back. An equally exhausted Carla sprawled on her front.

As my erection was still standing tall, Betsy ran to the bathroom. She returned with a wet and soapy cloth. She washed my meat clean, pumped it a few times with her fist and looked into my eyes. 

"I want your second load in my mouth," she said as she swallowed me to the base. She sucked my raw cock for a few minutes. When I grunted that I was going to cum, she stroked my meat and sucked the head. My second load was almost as big as the first. The cum loving Betsy was rewarded with a mouth full of warm, salty cum. 

We slept in the king size bed until early morning. We needed to quickly shower and dress in order to make our early morning flights. As we parted at the airport, both girls gave me their cell numbers and asked me to call the next time I was in Tampa.

Thanks to the real life Carla and Becky. If you hadn't gotten your own room, perhaps this story would be closer to the truth, instead of being inspired from my perverted imagination. Thanks also for your cell numbers. I'll call next time I'm in Tampa.

I'm a feedback junkie. Please let Carla, Becky and I know if we should have shared a room! TSG