 Mr. Alberto’s Party – We Have A Winner

The continuing the story of 18 year old Elle Johnson at the sex party at Mr. Alberto’s mansion.

I didn’t really appreciate Mr. Alberto making fun of me by having everyone cheer for my “fuckhole”, as he called it. I almost wanted to walk right off the stage, but that wasn’t possible. The Jamaicans were there and they would not have let me go anywhere and who knows what Mr. Alberto would have let them to do to me if I had tried to get out of my agreement. So I just shifted myself over to Number Two.

“Hmmmm,” I said, giving Number Two a smile. “I guess I’ll have to use two hands on you.”

Which is what I did. I wrapped my hands around Number Two’s gigantic black cock and started pumping away. I looked into his eyes while I did it and he looked into mine and he hadn’t been doing it for more than like fifteen seconds when I saw this look of alarm on his face. Don’t tell me, I thought, that he is going to cum too, just like Number One. I pumped him faster and harder. It was like moving my hands up and down a baseball bat. Number Two closed his eyes and gritted his teeth. Then he opened them again and looked at me. He looked at my tits and then his gaze lowered, so I opened my legs and leaned back, holding my arms almost straight in order to keep on pumping, and Number Two looked at my cunt and this wild look came over him and I thought for a second that he was going to jump me. But then he cried out and spurted. I kept on pumping as his cum splashed down on my hands and my arms, while he groaned and gasped the whole time. 

“Honey, you are good at that,” Lucy laughed. 

I was wiping myself off with one of the official contest cum cloths that the judges have.

“Phew. I think it is beginner’s luck, Lucy. I never did this before.”

“Well, you aren’t giving Bette and me anything to do.” Lucy said, giving me a pretend pout.

“Sorry.” Actually, I was starting to get an idea. Daddy was in last place but he was within one point of two of the contestants and two points from one other, so he had a chance to catch those guys. I had just disqualified two contestants who had been too far ahead for him to catch up and there were just two more in that category, so if I could disqualify those two then Daddy would have a chance. One of those guys was Number Five and the other was Number Three who was looking at me now, and grinning, as I pushed my cushion in front of him. 

“Is he ready for my little hand, Number 3?,” I smiled.

Number Three laughed. He leaned back with his arms behind him and his cock sticking almost a foot into the air, hard as steel and like bristling at me with its purple head and big bulging blue veins. He was very self confident, I could tell, a real macho guy. Hmmm, I was gong to enjoy this even if I didn’t succeed. His cock made you weak all over when you looked at it. I took a big breath and put my right hand around it and started to pump. It felt like I has holding something dangerous and that pumping it only made it more dangerous. My heart was going a mile a minute. I tried to make myself calm down so that I could talk ok and I finally did. 

“He probably just likes to do this. He probably would never want to you know, fuck a young girl like me, I mean like totally fuck her,” I said, softly, giving Number Three a big pout. 

Number Three had stopped smiling at this point. He was concentrating on keeping himself together, I think. He was looking off into space, but when I said that about him fucking a girl like me, he looked at me and his eyes got wide and bleary. I made my hand go faster, then real, real fast, then very, very slow, up and down and down and up, moving the satiny skin over that steel shaft of his. I looked at the timer. We had past the thirty second mark. I pumped faster again. Number Three made a groan and closed his eyes. I kept pumping. Forty five seconds. Darn it. I pumped as hard as I could. Fifty seconds, fifty five seconds. 

Bingo! Number Three didn’t even gasp. His cock just erupted in this huge spurt that went as high as Number Three’s head before it poured down over my hand. Ohhh, it was very hot! 

‘”Disqualified!”, Mr. Alberto announced. “Fifty seven seconds, Number Three. You almost made it, too bad, young man.”

Well, the audience was going nuts. People thought it was a riot that I had disqualified the first three guys in the contest. Lucy said that when they had the Grandmother judge do the handjobs no one ever got disqualified. She laughed about it, but Bette was miffed. I guess Bette couldn’t wait to get cum on her face. Hmmmm, my arm was getting tired and my wrist was, too, and now I was putting my hand around Number Four’s ten hard inches. It was so handsome I forgot about my arm and my wrist and I started pumping up and down. Wait, how could Number four be behind Daddy’s score when he had a totally fabulous cock like this? I looked at Number Five and realized I had mixed them up. Number Four, not Five, was the last contestant that Daddy couldn’t catch without me. I made eyes at Number Four as I pumped him. I could see that Number Four was trying to avoid me, avoid my eyes, I mean. He wasn’t trying to avoid my hand. 

“Oh, it is so big and strong and hard, I can hardly stand it,” I sort of whispered in his ear, as my hand kept moving.

“Shut up!,” Number Four muttered.

Poor Number Four knew right away he had made a big mistake. He looked quickly over my shoulder at Mr. Alberto.

“What was that, Number Four?”

“Oh, its okay, Mr. Alberto,” I said, figuring I would help Number Four out. “He just told me to shut up. I don’t mind him talking to me that way in the middle of the contest.”

“Disqualified!”

I thought it was interesting that the first four contestants were the guys with the most impressive cocks, I mean from what you would call an objective standpoint. I wasn’t that objective myself but I wasn’t stupid either. I could tell a great cock when I saw one. And now those first four guys were history and the three that were left were all guys that Daddy had a chance to beat, and Number Five, who had a long, very skinny and unattractive cock was next.

Well, Bette finally got her wish with Number Five, and the audience and me finally got to see a blowjob. Number Five was only one point ahead of Daddy. If I couldn’t disqualify him, Daddy would still have a chance unless Number Five came like gangbusters all over Bette’s face. Maybe I let up a little bit at that point, the way guys let up when they get a big lead in a basketball game (a problem girls’ teams don’t have that much) because Number Five. had no problem with me. Then I got out of the way and Lucy got down on her knees in front of Number Five and gave him a blow job. 

Lucy was really good, and she liked doing it, you could tell. There were close-ups on the video screen just of Lucy’s mouth, with its lipstick coming off, moving back and forth on Number Five’s glistening cock. People loved it. However, that was like the high point for Number Five as far as his score was concerned. He felt himself starting to come so he pulled out of Lucy’s mouth and aimed his dick at Bette who was kneeling beside Lucy and then he totally spurted all over Bette, I mean it was a great spurt, even people in the audience who had seen lots of spurts before said afterward that this was a great one. Bette’s head jerked back from all the spurting it was receiving, but Number Five held his cock and went right up to Bette and spurted again at point blank range. Bette’s face was like a mask of cum, you couldn’t even tell what she looked like any more, plus she was choking quite a bit. 

The audience was stunned. I was stunned myself. I was in awe. I have to admit that besides feeling sorry for Daddy, who couldn’t possibly match what Number Five had just done, I felt a little miffed that Number Five didn’t like me or that he liked Lucy better than me even if he did like me, since Lucy was the one who had made him cum. At first there was silence and then the audience burst into applause and cheers for Number Five. They gave him a standing ovation. Number Five walked to the front of the stage and took a bow and he kept on bowing until he hit his head on the floor. He had passed out. Mr. Alberto and a couple of the Jamaicans looked him over as Number Five lay on the stage, like a dead guy, and finally the black guys dragged him off the stage.

“Fainted,” Mr. Alberto said into the microphone. “His orgasm was too much for him, ladies and gentlemen. Too bad, he surely would have won. But you can’t faint in a cock contest, for pete’s sake. Disqualified!”

Wow, I thought, Daddy still had a chance. I turned my attention to Number Six. He was a big, fat guy and pretty ugly, if you want my opinion, with a long, crooked nose, but he also had a very long cock and it was pretty straight at the moment. I gave Number Six a smile and wrapped my hand around my assignment and began to pump him, nice and slow, while I licked my lips and tried to make Number Six think that I wished I could put his big hardon in a part of me he would like better than my hand. I was trying to disqualify him, of course. Well, it didn’t work. Number Six closed his eyes and started humming to himself. I pumped harder and harder and he hummed louder and louder. It was very annoying, all that humming. If a person couldn’t talk in the contest it seemed to me he shouldn’t be allowed to hum either, but no one said anything so I guess it wasn’t against the rules.

Shucks, I thought when the timer went off. Number Six gave me this look like he had won as I pulled my hand away and Lucy moved in with her pretty mouth. He was overconfident, poor guy. Almost as soon as Lucy started sucking him, her eyes opened wide. Number Six yanked his cock out of Lucy’s mouth and aimed at Bette, but he was too late. Only a few creamy dribbles came out of him while this huge load of cum oozed from Lucy’s mouth and ran down her chin. The audience laughed and hooted and that was it for Number Six. I smiled at Lucy. She looked prettier with cum on her face than Bette ever would.

“Hmmm, hello, Number Seven,” I said in my cutest voice, looking into Uncle’s Jack’s eyes while my hand sort of hovered over his gigantic hardon.

Uncle Jack looked down. He was waiting for my hand, I could tell. I decided to tease him, so even though the timer was going and I was losing precious seconds, I took a gamble that teasing him that way would make him extra horny and that when I did go to work I would get a quick result. 

I brought my hand down, just barely brushing my palm against him. Uncle Jack quivered and made a soft moan. He was gritting his teeth. 

“Mmmmmm,” I sighed, and I brought my hand up, not even all the way, almost like a feather that barely touched him and sometimes didn’t touch at all. Uncle Jack moaned. He shifted toward me, trying to get his cock in my hand but I giggled and pulled away from him. Fifteen seconds gone, approaching twenty. Okay, I thought, no more torture for Uncle Jack. I grasped his hardon and started pumping him, hard and fast.

A look of bliss came over Uncle Jack’s face. He closed his eyes and let me stroke him. I think I liked it almost as much as he did. I loved the feeling of his soft skin riding up and down over his steely hardon. It made me wonder what things between Uncle Jack and me would be like from now on. I mean, would Uncle Jack expect to have sex with me? And if he did expect that, what was I going to do about it? Hmmmm. As interesting as that question was, an even more interesting one was in the back of my mind as I thought about the person looking over my shoulder at my hand going up and down. I am referring to Daddy of course. His badboy was sticking straight out and it was totally hard and ready and waiting for me and I could see from the expression on Daddy’s face that he was getting impatient for his turn. What a naughty Daddy, I thought to myself, but not being critical of him. Daddy was a man and he couldn’t help it if his cock got big and hard. 

Bing went the timer, right in the middle of my thinking about Daddy. Uncle Jack had made it this far. I pulled my hand off and got out of the way for Lucy. Then I sat back and watched her go to work. Lucy was so good at giving blowjobs. I watched her so I could learn some things. Lucy stuck out her tongue as far as it would go and licked all along the bottom of Uncle Jack’s shaft, making him shudder. Then she softly kissed the pink velvety head before she licked that, too, just the head, making her tongue go in little circles around it. Then she slowly took the whole cock inside her mouth. It was such a big cock that some of it had to go into Lucy’s throat. Her head bobbed on it, slow at first and then faster, causing her hair to swish in front of her face, which Lucy brushed back so that Uncle Jack and everyone else could see. Lucy’s lips were stretched and she still had a little lipstick left but now it all rubbed off on the wet, white shaft moving back and forth in her mouth. 

Suddenly, Uncle Jack gasped. 

I looked at Bette, kneeling right there beside them, waiting to get her face creamed, but when Uncle Jack pulled out of Lucy he creamed me instead!!! My mouth opened in my surprise, which was a pretty funny mistake because it got big spurt of hot cum inside it, along with all the other spurting that was drenching my face. I knelt there and took it, not knowing what else to do, but Uncle Jack grabbed my hair anyway and held me, in case I tried to escape. 

The audience loved it. People were shouting and cheering. I blinked my eyes open and the first thing I saw was one of the camera guys bending down in front of me getting a nice close up of my face. I swallowed my mouthful of cum. It felt warm and slippery going down my throat. I kind of liked it. I licked my lips and smiled for the camera and then I wiped my face with the one the towels they had for us and I gave Uncle Jack a big stare.

“Number Seven, you weren’t supposed to cum on my face. You were supposed to cum on Bette’s face. You can’t win the contest that way.”

Uncle Jack was still panting.

“Fuck the contest,” he said. He gave me this meaningful look before he backed away, leaving me alone with the one remaining contestant. He had just seen Uncle Jack cum all over my face so I didn’t what he thought about THAT. I hoped he wasn’t too mad at me.

“Well, hello, Number Eight, how are you?”, I said, smiling up at him. I watched out of the corner of my eye for Mr. Alberto to set the timer and when he did I wrapped my hand around Daddy’s badboy. Phew, this pretending-to-be-a-slut stuff was fun. But I was a little worried about it. If a person wasn’t careful she might get hooked on the idea and want to be a real slut. Well, this was my first time doing it so I decided I shouldn’t be that concerned. 

“Hmmmm,” I said, making my hand go slowly up and down while I looked at Daddy. He swayed a little on his feet and his face was red and sweaty. He didn’t look that great, to be honest. He looked weak, as if all his strength had gone into one place and he didn’t have enough left for the rest of his body. 

“We expect a good hard handjob there, Miss Blossom,” Mr. Alberto boomed out in his microphone. 

“Yeah, don’t give him a break just cause he’s your Daddy,” someone yelled from the audience.

They wanted me to try as hard to disqualify Daddy as I had tried with the others, but of course I had a totally different idea. I wanted Daddy to win the contest and now he really could win if he got through my handjob okay and if, after Lucy helped him out, he was able to cum even just a little bit on Bette’s face. My hand went up and down and I was having trouble keeping my own excitement under control because of what my naughty hand was going up and down on. I had to admit that I was happy that Daddy was so hard. And I was proud, too. I could see by the way he would glance at me and then let his gaze fall to my tits and stay there that he was hard because of me. 

Oh no, Daddy was tensing up. Not even thirty seconds and his orgasm was starting. I squeezed his cock. I squeezed it pretty hard. Daddy winced. His cock softened a little in my grasp. I unsqueezed and looked at Daddy’s face. He made a funny smile, telling me he was okay. The crisis was over. But it came again about fifteen seconds later and I had to give his badboy another hard squeeze. It worked and it worked once more after that before the minute ran out. Daddy had been ready to cum three times but I was able to squeeze all of them back. Daddy and I both gave a sigh of relief when we heard the timer go bing and I was able to let my hand fall away. Then Lucy took over. 

I got worried when I saw Daddy look at me with that same crazy expression on his face that he had before.

“Number Eight you better not do what Number Seven did,” I said, firmly. 

He didn’t, thank goodness. Daddy lasted about ten seconds. His spurts weren’t the greatest. They didn’t have to be. Bette closed her eyes and lifted her chin. She took Daddy’s spurt on the nose. Just one. Daddy missed with his others, they weren’t strong enough to reach the big slut’s face. Bette was happy to get the one that she did get. She grinned for the camera as the cum glob spread over her nose and some of it dripped off the tip of her nose and she caught it with her tongue and smeared it across her lips, being as slutty as she possibly could for the camera. I wanted to smack her, but she was doing her job. So that is how Daddy won the cock contest at Mr. Alberto’s party. Mr. Alberto said that Daddy won thanks to me, because I had been so good at disqualifying some of the other guys and I hadn’t really tried to disqualify Daddy. He said that into the microphone to the audience, accusing me of cheating! 

“The little bitch was a dishonest judge,” Mr. Alberto said in a loud voice, as if I were a criminal.

People started shouting. 

“Punish the bitch,” someone yelled. I thought the voice sounded like Aunt Ginger’s.

“Give the cunt to the Jamaicans!,” someone else yelled.

Now people were standing up and waving their fists in the air. A lot of them were laughing. I could see it was a big game they were playing. Finally, Mr. Alberto put up his hand and everyone quieted down.

“We can’t prove the bitch is a cheat. Therefore, we can’t take away Number Eight’s prize. He is the official winner. That means he will have the lead role in our annual fuck movie that we will make right on this stage the day after tomorrow. His co star will be whoever you vote as the female you most want to see in our fuck film. That vote will be taken after supper tonight. In the meantime, I think there is enough evidence that Miss Johnson was a bad judge even if we can’t prove she was a dirty cheat, so she has violated her agreement, which was to be a good judge not a bad judge, and you all know what that means.”

Lots of shouting and laughs from the audience.

I had no idea what Mr. Alberto was talking about. I started to walk over to him to complain about what he was saying when one of the Jamaicans grabbed me and started hauling me off the stage. 

Daddy looked at me but he was helpless to do a thing because two other Jamaicans were standing right next to him.

“Oh boy,” I thought, “what is going to happen to me now?”

Stay tuned for the next chapter in Elle Johnson’s adventures at Mr. Alberto’s Party.