 "No problem boss, I'll have those numbers to you by tomorrow."

I laid the phone down on my desk and focused on what was transpiring in my back yard. My wife lay face down in her chaise lounge while the neighbor kid rubbed tanning oil on her back.

I couldn't help but chuckle. Traci made quite a sight with her bronze skin clad in a neon green bikini top--undone to maximize skin exposure to the sun, of course--and matching thong. She didn't even like thongs! 

It was a show for Robbie. The kid had been mowing our lawn and doing odd jobs for us since he was 12. About the time he turned 16 he really started to transform into a very attractive young man. Now, a fully grown man with high school behind him and college looming, he was spending his last summer at home.

"Hey Robbie! Don't forget to get her butt cheeks, we wouldn't want her to burn!" I yelled out the window.

"Uh, ok Mr. Hall. No problem." He blushed.

Traci turned her head and winked at me. She knew the kid had to be getting aroused as he rubbed her soft skin and she encouraged him on with soft moans from time to time. I'll admit, it was a hot scene. Traci was a looker even without being 3/4 naked. With her full breasts spilling out the sides while she lay on that chaise lounge, It was making me hard as a rock. I could only imagine what was going through Robbie's mind as he now began kneading her firm buttocks.

I decided to turn the heat up a bit. 

I walked out onto the pool deck and slapped Robbie on the back. "Good job, buddy. Thanks for helping her out."

"No problem Mr. Hall", he said in a halting voice as he continued to rub my wife's ass. 

Traci looked at me and said "Hey honey, how is work going?" 

"Same old stuff, boss wants numbers now." I shrugged.

"Traci, do you remember what you told me yesterday about the insides of your thighs never getting tanned? Well, duh, you have your legs clenched together. Spread them apart so you can get some sun down there."

"Oh jeez, I keep forgetting about that." She feigned innocence as she spread her taut long legs as far apart as she could. Wearing the thong didn't leave much to the imagination. Her pussy was now just one piece of slim material away from our lusting eyes.

"Ok Robbie, go ahead and spread some oil inside her thighs. Don't want that tender skin getting burned." I said as I saw his face turn red. He reached inside her knee and tentatively started rubbing the oil into her skin. "Not there man, further up" as I grabbed his hand and slide it all the way up the inside of my wife's thigh. His fingers were now touching the edge of her thong where it covered her pussy.

"Is this ok?" He stammered. "Mrs. Hall?" 

"You're fine baby, no problem at all" my wife cooed. My cock started to stiffen as I watched him grab some more oil and then run his hand up and down the inside of her thigh from her knee to her crotch. 

Hey, was that...yep, a small wet spot had appeared on the thin red thong fabric that covered Traci's cunt. I smiled to myself knowing she must be ready to fuck the kid's dick off by now. Before I left the two alone I glanced at the front of Robbie's swim trunks and it was apparent he was ready for action too, as his boner made a tent out of his suit.

"Ok guys, I have to head out for a couple of hours and run some errands. See you later."

"Bye" they both yelled as I walked back into the house.

I haven't been honest with you up to this point. 

I've made it sound like this was a day just like any day, and this was just a spontaneous event. It wasn't. Traci and I had been planning this for some time now. She had wanted to fuck the kid since he was 16, but I made her wait until he was of legal age. Another truth is that I wanted to fuck him almost as much as she did. I like a little cock now and then, both giving and receiving. Robbie was just the type I liked the most: handsome, young, fit, and at 5'-6" he was small in stature. He also didn't have a hair on his body. At least, none that I could see. Today I hoped to find out if his cock region was hairless too.

As per our agreement, instead of leaving the house I went into the living room and positioned myself in a storage closet. I had fitted the closet door with movable slats so I could open them as far as needed in order to watch the action. I took my cock out of my pants and started to fondle it as I anticipated what was to come.

It didn't take long before I heard them enter the house, and I'm guessing that was due to the wetness in Traci's pussy. She'd been waiting a couple of years for this. I heard them in the kitchen:

"Hey Robbie, how about some lemonade before you leave?" 

"That would be great Mrs. H, it's pretty hot out there today."

Traci said "Come on into the living room and make yourself comfortable. And call me Traci. After that rubdown just now I kinda feel like we're dating or something." And she giggled.

"Gee, I was sure surprised Mr. H told me to rub oil on you down there. It was a little embarrassing, but I have to admit...pretty hot at the same time" Robbie grinned.

"He was fine with that. I think he feels a little guilty for having to work so much, and he likes it when you are able to do things for me that he doesn't have time for', she stated.

Robbie got a kind of cocky look on his face. "Yeah, well any time you need help with something like that, be sure to call me." And he finished the statement off with a very adult-like, knowing grin.

"Really?" My wife said. "As a matter of fact there is something else you could do for me."

My cock got super stiff when she said that. I knew this was the moment.

She walked over in front of the chair where Robbie had parked himself, and, smiling down at him, reached behind herself, untied her bikini top, and let it fall to the floor.

"Stand up honey." She said in a low, very serious voice. 

The shocked look on the kid's face was priceless, but he did manage to get to his feet in front of her.

Traci took his hands and laid them directly on her beautiful, firm, 38D breasts. "Kiss me," she crooned.

I honestly didn't know if he would. I mean, I knew he had the hots for her but he was such a nice and innocent kid I wasn't sure if he was ready to make the leap from fantasy to reality about my wife.

I needn't have worried. He leaned over, hands still on her tits, and kissed her gently on the lips. Traci moaned, and thrust her tongue inside his young, waiting mouth. 

The next few minutes were made up of them doing some grab ass with each other, me stroking my cock, and the temperature in the room rising a few degrees.

Traci stopped, and with her eyes directly on his, reached down and slid his swimming trunks to the floor. He gasped a little bit as his rock hard cock was exposed to the cooler temps of the air conditioned room. She grabbed him firmly with one hand and said, "Wow Robbie, nice cock you have here." It certainly was, and at about 7" of cut meat it had me drooling too.

Traci pushed him back into his chair and kneeled in front of him. Her long blonde hair fell into his lap and she bent over him and took him into her mouth. I knew the kind of blowjobs Traci gave, and right now I felt a spark of envy. I imagined her taking his cock as far into her throat as possible, and letting it back out so she could lick the head of it. She had a technique she used of swirling her tongue around the crown while sliding the shaft in and out of her mouth. It was very effective, and it wasn't long before Robbie was stammering "Uh, Mrs. H I'm going to...Aaaaaahhhh!

And he came in her mouth. I chuckled but thought, "what the heck, he's young. He'll be hard again in no time."

The kid moaned," Oh man, I am so sorry!"

Traci said "That was beautiful, honey. Thank you for letting me be part of that. Your cum tastes so sweet. And now you can do something for me again.

She stood up, grabbed her thong, slid it down and kicked it off. And there she was. My wife is a beautiful woman, but you can't fully appreciate how beautiful until you see her naked. At 35 she has the body of a 25 year old. She keeps her pussy shaved up except for a thin landing strip, and her body is muscular and tan.

She gave Robbie a few seconds to admire her before she walked over to him again, grabbed his hand, and ran his forefinger up and down her cunt slit.

"Come and lick my pussy for me, Robbie" she said before lying down on the floor. She put her knees up, spread her legs wide, and beckoned to him. She was facing my direction now, and even at 10 feet away I could see how her vulva was puffy and glistening. Her slit was so wet her love juice was already dripping out on to the carpet. The kid was in for a real treat.

He kneeled in front her and lowered his head to her crotch. "Uhh, I hate to say this but I really don't know how to do this. I've never done it before."

"That's ok honey, I'll teach you. See this little nub right here at the top of my slit that sticks out a bit? Lick that gently, not too hard. And also, lick both sides of my cunt on either side of it. Then, you can lick right down between my cunt lips. And once in a while, slide a finger into my pussy" she said.

He started to follow her directions, and I could see Traci was enjoying it. Her legs began to quiver a little, and once in a while she lifted them straight up in the air as he slipped his index finger inside of her. The kids ass, balls and cock were very visible to me and I like what I saw. My cock stiffened even more as I watched his asshole pucker while he licked her cunt.

Then, she gave a little squeal, and orgasmed.

"Oh my God Robbie, that was SOO good." She gushed. "Come here and hold me for a minute. Come lay on me and put your head on my shoulder."

Of course, this was part of the plan too. After licking her pussy like that, and now lying on top of her soft, hot skin and firm supple breasts, any guy would be ready for another round.

"Fuck me Robbie. Take your hard cock and slip it into my hot, wet pussy. I need you inside of me now."

"Do you think that's a good idea? Isn't your husband coming back soon?"

"How thoughtful," I mused. "The kid just got a blow job from my wife, ate her pussy, but when it comes to fucking her that's going too far?"

"It's fine baby, please fuck me." She squirmed.

Robbie raised up a bit, positioned his cock at my wife's pussy, and slid it into her love tunnel...slowly.

Traci was finally getting it; what she had waited for since he was 16. She was fucking our neighbor kid.

Robbie was trying to hold back this time, trying to make this last. He slid his cock in and out of her but avoided a relentless attack on her cunt. He would withdraw his dick out to the very head, then slowly shove it back in until his balls hit her asshole.

And that was my cue.

As I stepped out of the closet, the doors squeaked. Traci wrapped her arms and legs around Robbie tightly so he wouldn't jump up. Upon hearing the noise, he swung his head around, saw me and said "Holy shit!".

"Hey bud, what's up? I said with a grin.

"What are you doing here? I thought you went out to run errands?" He barked.

"Uh, nope. Decided to stay here and watch you two instead." I said with a straight face.

"Dude I'm really sorry, I had no idea this was going to happen. I think it was because you had me rub tanning oil inside your wife's legs. It must have turned her on too much. I'll leave now." Robbie spit out the words like he was bargaining for his life.

"Oh no, no need to do that. You have your cock buried my wife's vagina now and she looks pretty comfortable with it." I replied.

Traci grinned at me. "Yeah, it feels just fine to me."

"Seriously?" Robbie looked really freaked out now. "Are you leaving then now or what?"

"Nope, I'm going to stay here and join in." And with that I shucked off my clothes. I was now naked too, and sported a raging hardon. 

I walked over to them, reached down and cupped Robbie's balls with my hand. He jumped a bit. "Feels like you have another load for my wife's pussy in there" I said. 

"Say what? You're going to mess around with me now?" He screeched.

I saw that they had brought the tanning oil in with them from the pool. I poured some into my hand and rubbed it over Robbie's tight young ass. "Let's just say I'm going to help you out a bit." 

I started working some of the oil into the crack of his ass. The kid didn't fool me, he was starting to enjoy it. Then I slipped my index finger into his ass. He jumped a bit, but I sensed it was mostly for show. I worked it in and out a bit and said "Seems to me like you're no stranger to this back door stuff, Robbie. Been experimenting with one of your friends?" I asked.

"Well, yeah, if you must know my friend Andy and I kind of play around a bit, but I am not gay!"

"Didn't think you were, Robbie. I was watching the fucking you were giving my wife and that left no doubt in my mind about your being heterosexual. But sometimes even us like a little ass play because, frankly, it just feels good. Stimulate that prostate and we cum really hard, right?" I offered.

"Yeah, that's it. That's right." He seemed relieved to hear he wasn't going to be called gay.

Traci spoke up "Hey, can we get back to fucking now? I had a good orgasm building there and now I'm going to have to start over."

"And that's a shame; I'm sure you won't enjoy a minute of that," I kidded my wife. "Sure, but when we do that, how about you get up on your knees and let Robbie fuck you doggy style. That will let me get underneath you and lick your pussy. I enjoyed watching that and think I might have picked up a few tricks."

Robbie back up, Traci got up on her knees, and I took Robbie's cock in my hands so as to guide him into her wet cunt. Man, his cock felt good! Hard as a rock and yet soft. It was coated with her juices.

I rolled underneath Traci and took up position so that my mouth was right underneath her cunt, so I could watch Robbie's dick slide in and out of her. It was so hot! I reached up with my tongue and liked her clit. I heard her moan. Then I slid my tongue to the other end of her slit and started licking his cock as it slid in and out of her. After a couple of times I could feel Robbie start to slow down his thrusting. Finally he pulled his cock out of her altogether and just let it hang down. I took the swollen, dripping head into my mouth and started sucking gently on it. it was Robbie's turn to moan now and I took him into my throat as far as I could. I tried to emulate Traci's blow job on this young cock, and rolled my tongue around the head.

Finally I took my mouth off Robbie's cock and returned it to my wife's soaking pussy. I got up, walked around behind Robbie and sank to my knees. I reached out and cupped his balls again, giving them a good massage. I bent over and kissed them, then kissed Robbie's ass. 

Robbie knew what was coming next. I kneeled behind him and pressed my own hardened cock against his love hole. I pressed forward just a bit, and my dick slid into Robbie. He gasped a bit, but offered no resistance. I kept pressing forward a little at a time, until I was buried into his butt up to my balls. Damn, that felt good.

"I'm going to flip over again, I want to watch the action," Traci said. Robbie pulled out of her so she could turn over, and for a minute it was just me and Robbie, joined together in lust. I was buried in his ass as far as I could go, and his cock was waving in the breeze. I reached down and gave it a couple of pumps. Then, he was back inside my wife and the three of us were working toward a group climax.

Traci grinned up at me as I ass-fucked the guy who was fucking her. She said "This is so fucking hot!" 

I agreed and started working with more intensity on the young boy's ass. I rammed my cock into him, pulled it almost all the way out, and then rammed it back in again. I reached down and squeezed his balls hard. He grunted and picked up the tempo on Traci.

I know when my baby is about to cum, and she was getting close. Her nipples were hard missiles at the end of her luscious boobs. Her face was read and sweat dripped off her brow. 

"I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum!" She screamed, "Don't pull out! Please cum inside me now!"

I felt Robbie's asshole grip my cock a little tighter, and he began to moan. I reached down and felt his balls, and yep, they were ready to empty their potent contents inside my wife.

The idea put me over the edge too. I held off as long as I could, and then a little longer. But, then it was time and my own load exploded out of my dick and into Robbie's warm ass passage. One, two, three convulsions sent white streams of jizz from my balls and cock into his asshole. 

Traci saw me going off and that was enough to drive her over the edge. Her scream started out low; more of a guttural sound. It sound became a rising crescendo terminating in "OH MY GOD FUCK ME NOW, FUCK ME HARDER, FUCK MY PUSSY!"

Robbie soon followed suit as no doubtedly Traci's pussy tightened in to a death grip on his swelling cock. "SON OF A BITCH" he yelled out as thick white semen spurted from his cock head into my wife's willing cunt. He pounded her with abandon three more times and then collapsed.

For a few minutes there was no sound except for the heaving, panting and groaning of three expired fuck masters. Then a round of giggles started by Traci. "Damn, how soon can we do this again?" She wondered out loud.

"Give me fifteen minutes and I'm good" I offered.

"Sorry guys, but I have to go. I have a date tonight" said Robbie. We all looked at each other and burst out in laughter. "That might be some kind of a date" Traci giggled.

With that I pulled my cock out of Robbie's butt, gave him a towel to clean up, and he was on his way. Traci was still lying on the floor with her legs spread, basking in the afterglow of our fuck session. "What's next babe? I asked.

"I've been thinking about Abby from down the street, the girl who used to babysit our kids. She's leaving for college this year too."

I felt my cock stiffen just a bit. "Now you're talking," I said. "I've been thinking about her since she was about 16 too," I replied.

I made my way back to my wife and saw that her cunt slit was a river of Robbie's cum and her own body excretions. As I kneeled down to lick her clean I said, "Thoughts for another day. Looks like I have work to do here."