 Mr. Lydal is on his way back from a business trip in Los Angeles. Somewhere in the deserts of Oklahoma he decides Chicago is too far to drive tonight. He pulls his company Lexus into a shitty little motel. The motel just screams tacky with the fake palm trees and the big plastic tiki statue. On the sign out front it says 'Sunny Pines Motel'. Mr. Lydal thought to himself 'where are the pines' as he pulled in. He notices a couple of hick trucks out front; you know the kind with more primer than paint and rust holding the rust on. One even had the back bumper held on with bungee cords and duct tape.

Mr. Lyndal checks in and heads to his room, 'Love Nest B'. As he walks down the side walk towards his room with his overnight bag in hand, he peaks into other rooms as he passes. Most rooms were completely empty except for the room right next to his. Through the curtains he can see the shadowy images of a woman lying on the bed with a man on top of her pounding her relentlessly. He thinks to himself 'newlyweds I suppose' and steps into his room. It is dark and is musty smelling, like what you'd expect a whorehouse to smell like with hundreds of people using the same sheets. 

He tosses his bag into the corner and heads for the shower. He takes a long hot shower to wash the road weariness out of him. After his shower he walks naked back to the bed. The cleanliness of the towels is in question so he decided to air dry. As he walks his dick sways a bit. He always thought of it as average or below, but it is nearly seven inches when fully erect and quite thick. 

He sits on the edge of the bed and tries to relax. He is aware that the relentless pounding from next door is over and he is thankful. He can sleep now. He clicks off the light and lays naked on top of the covers. They too looked questionable and it is a nice hot night so he decides to go without the covers. He closes his eyes and nearly instantly passes out. 

In a matter of moments, the roaring of an engine in bad need of repair outside his window reawakens him. He sits and looks up and is greeted with the bright lights from the front of a truck blasting through his window. The lights go off and the roaring engine stops. Mr. Lydal listens as the doors creak open and slam shut. He can picture another hick truck in his mind. He imagines the rust falling off in a dusty haze as the door slams. He hears loud drunken talking and the door the room next door opens and quickly closes. Then the relieving silence comes back. 

A fast pounding above his head soon reawakens Mr. Lyndal. He sits and looks around his room in a hazy state as he searches for the sound. The pounding is right behind his headboard and its source is soon revealed. As his senses come back Mr. Lyndal can hear the sounds of a savage fucking. He can hear the squealing and moaning of a woman and the faint gruff voice of a man as he asks her if she likes it. The pounding becomes faster and harder. The pounding is so intense the Mr. Lyndal's headboard moves with the thrusting. Then it comes to an end with the gruff man's voice letting out a few growls and howls as he finishes. With the pounding over; Mr. Lyndal lies back down and is quickly back to sleep.

'Boom...boom...boom', and he is jolted back awake. The pounding has begun again in the same fast and furious manner as before. 'Boom...boom...boom' on the wall above his bed again. Mr. Lyndal is furious and leaps from his bed. He grabs the bed at the base and yanks it angrily from the wall. It releases its sticky grip on the floor and wall as it scrapes away. He is almost sorry he moved it once he saw the thick black sticky mess behind the headboard and under the bed. Mixed into this pig slop looking mess are the occasional condom wrapper and a stray set of fake plastic handcuffs. With the bed now off the wall, he figures this will afford him some sleep so he lies back down. 

He is violently brought back to reality as the woman's moaning next door is mixed with loud screams and calls of 'Oh yes, oh god yes'. Mr. Lyndal smothers his head with pillows in a futile attempt to drown out the noise. He soon gives up and sits in bed. He is so angry and annoyed that he forgets to grab his robe or clothes or anything as he storms out of his room. 

He stands outside the next door over and pants angrily. He looks into the window to see what the noise is all about. The room is dimly lit inside as only one bedside lamp is on. In its dim glow he can see a man lying on his back. His is a broad man with a hairy chest. He has thick arms and a mullet haircut. He has a pleasured looking grimace on his face. On top of him is the same woman he saw on his way to his room. She is short and thin. In the light he can see her nice shapely body. He is quickly becoming less angry as the sees her C cup breast highlighted in the pale light. He thinks her hair must be dark since it looks nearly black in the dim room. Mr. Lyndal suddenly realizes he is naked on the sidewalk as his dick gets hard.

He can't help himself though. He cannot stop watching. He looks hard into the dark room now as he feel very much like a peeping tom. He can see a shape behind the woman and concentrates hard. He inches his way closer to the window and looks in the room intently. The shape is soon coherent in his mind. He can see another man appear from the shadows as he looks into the room. The man behind the woman is obviously fucking her from behind. The thrusts of his big meaty hips are meeting those of the woman and also the man lying on his back. 

Mr. Lyndal inches closer still to get a closer look inside. He can see clearly that the man behind the woman is pounding into her asshole. So obviously the man on the bottom is pounding into her pussy. He wonders to himself how three people can be in such perfect rhythm. The man in her ass quickly pulls his dick out of her ass and jacks it off hurriedly. He grunts and groans as cum drips off his dick. Mr. Lyndal is impressed that this woman can take such a dick in her ass. He looks at it in profile as the man jacks it off and imagines it is nearly a foot long and every bit as thick as a pop can. He looks at this mans big dick in envy. 

His anger is gone, so Mr. Lyndal walks back into his room in defeat and silence and closes the thin wood door behind him. He sits on his bed in exhaustion and listens to the sounds of pleasure from the room next door. His dick is still hard and swaying between his legs and refuses to be ignored. He reluctantly grabs his cock around the base and slowly strokes it upward to the head. He then strokes down in rhythm to the noise next door. He is matching his strokes with the thumps on the wall and the woman's moaning. In less than a minute, he cums all over his, hand and the already stained carpet at his feet. He licks the cum from his fingers slowly and softly. He has always liked the taste of his own cum. 

He then lays back and tries to tune out the noise next door. He fails. Soon he is angrily sitting on the edge of his bed wondering how long this can go on. He lets the anger overcome him and throws on his complimentary white (dingy gray) robe and again leaves the room. In anger, he bypasses watching the show and struts right to the door and pounds his hand against it. The moaning and thumping inside stops and in a few brief moments the door opens. The dark red haired woman he saw taking on two dicks answers the door with a bed sheet over her. "Yes," She says to Lyndal in a very smooth and seductive voice. 

"Um," he stammers out as he looks at her lovely face and the one breast she is letting hang out, "I am in the room next door. And, I was wondering if you could, um keep it down a tad."

"Oh sorry," she says as she eyes him up and down. Her eyes stop at his crotch and he looks down to see what she is staring at. He is shocked to see his dick, rock hard again, poking out from inside his robe. She looks back up to his face and says, "I'll see what I can do, Tiger. You go on back to bed and get some sleep 'kay hun." Her southern voice was sweet like honey and melted any anger from Mr. Lyndal as he goes back to his room. He lies back down and is comforted that the noise, for now, has stopped.

He can faintly hear from next door the woman's sweet little voice telling whoever is in the room with her that 'the gentleman' next door asks that they keep it down. Mr. Lyndal is soon back asleep. 

'Boom...Boom...boom', and again he is awake. In a rage he storms bare assed out of his room again. He doesn't even worry about knocking and just barges in. He doesn't even get to explain why he has just barged in before everything is black and silent. His head is in agony, and in a split second before all is dark. He can feel himself fall to the carpet and then nothing at all. His last thought was of how stupid he must be for barging into a room with at least two men fucking one woman, and of how pissed he'd be if someone did it to him.

He is soon aware of an aching pain on the back of his head, and that he is face down in a pillow. His eyes open and adjust to see the dark red haired woman looking at him with a sad sorrowful look in her eyes. He tries to move but finds himself unable. As he comes to he knows he is handcuffed. The chain of the cuffs goes behind his knees and holds him still. He is aware that his bare ass is in the air. He begins to struggle but is calmed by the woman. Then suddenly in his view is a big burly man with a very hairy chest. The same man he saw on his back earlier. 

"He's awake." He calls to others in room Mr. Lyndal can't see. "Now, boy. We's gonna teach you not to barge in on people in intimate moments." A voice calls from behind, "That's right, boy." Mr. Lyndal is afraid to speak so just lays still. He can hear at least two other male voices talking amongst themselves behind him. That makes four men and one woman. What a party. Anyway, his fear is soon realized as the hairy man lies on the bed in front of him. He puts one leg on either side of Lyndal and scoots towards him. Soon he is looking right at the hairy man's dick. It too is quite impressive; maybe ten inches and thick like an empty paper towel roll. 

"Suck it, boy!" This very hillbilly looking man calls to him. "Suck it, boy" he demands again. The woman says from over his shoulder, "Just give them what they want, Ok." Reluctantly, Lyndal opens his mouth and slowly wraps his lips around this man's dick. He is surprised at how much it stretches his jaw muscles to take this dick in his mouth. Secretly he has always wanted to suck a dick, if for no other reason to see if everyone's cum tastes like his. So in a matter of moments Lyndal is going down on this guy's dick like he is enjoying it. He is taking about half of it in his mouth and that in itself is touching the back of his throat. He sucks hard and pulls this dick into his mouth. The man has his eyes closed and is squirming a little. 

Lyndal thinks to himself that this isn't so bad. He can do this. He can feel the man's body tense and tighten as he pulls his dick into his mouth. He sucks hard and begins rolling his tongue on the knob of this guy's dick. The man's balls tighten and soon he is moaning and grunting hard and loud underneath him. In just a few more moments Lyndal's throat is gifted with hot cum. He swallows every bit and is amazed that it tastes similar to his but not quite the same. He ponders the thought and decides that this man's is saltier in taste than his own as he finishes taking every last drop. The man lets out one more grunt and his body jerks a bit. He then pulls himself away. 

Lyndal thinks that if all he has to do is suck a little to escape an ass-whoopin' hillbilly style, then he will do just that. Shortly, another man lies in front of him and scoots forward so that his dick is just under his face. "You know what to do, bitch." Lyndal notices that this man must be one from behind him He does not look familiar and his dick is nearly the size of his own. Lyndal shrugs his shoulders and goes down on the dick. 

He opens his mouth and takes nearly this entire dick in one swoop. He begins with a few short-teasing strokes of his tongue on the sensitive head of this dick. The man obviously enjoys as he squirms and pulls at Lyndal's hair. Lyndal takes the dick to the hilt and nearly chokes. He backs off and begins sucking it hard in and out of his throat. As he pumps his head down on this dick he makes wide swipes at it with the tip of his tongue. He is so involved that he nearly doesn't feel what is going on behind him. The woman is no longer in his few and someone is rubbing something cold on his ass. As he continues to suck this dick he feels this cold liquid being rubbed on his hole now. He knows what comes next. He has never been fucked in the ass but he enjoys fucking women in the ass. Another naked body appears next to him and a voice says. "I'm gonna fuck your yuppie ass, boy. I'll teach you to come in here like you own the fucking place." Lyndal looks out of the corner of his eyes

And sees that the man that is talking to him has a smaller dick that his own and that he is quite a small and pale guy in general. 

The man disappears from sight and soon the bed creaks and sags as he walks on it. Lyndal can feel the man lower himself behind him and can soon feel the head of his little dick poking at his asshole. All the while he keeps sucking at this dick. Then in a sudden shot of pain and discomfort the little man shoves every last inch (probably five) of his dick into Lyndal. He jerks in pain but soon settles. He then begins to suck harder and angrier on the man's dick as the little guy pounds into him. The pain is soon gone and a strange almost pleasurable feel takes over. The guy fucking his virgin ass is hollering out, "you like that boy, do you?" in a very loud and annoying redneck draw. Lyndal can't reply since he has a dick in his mouth but if he could he would tell the guy to fuck him harder. 

The guy he is sucking suddenly grabs a handful of Lyndal's hair and yanks hard as he grunts out a loud set of growls. His mouth is again filled with hot sticky cum. He begins the task of swallowing and savoring the flavor of this man's load. It tastes sweeter than the last guy's did. He sucks hard impressed with his own powers to please other men. The guy slowly pulls his drained dick out of his mouth and slides off the bed. Now that he is undistracted he can fully feel the man in his ass. He had often thought about this but never imagined he would actually get to enjoy it. He had fucked many women in the ass and thoroughly enjoyed it and had many women tell him that they enjoyed it too. He often wondered if he would enjoy it too. 

The little man finishes fucking his ass with a flurry. He grabs Lyndal by the hips and pounds fast and deep as he cums. He let out a yell as if was riding a bull or something that sounded just as stupid as his accent. Lyndal could feel the man's hot load ooze out of his ass as he finishes and pulls away. The air hitting his open asshole feels cold. Soon the cold stops as someone else gets on the bed behind him. He can feel this guy's dick head brush his open asshole. He could tell that this dick was bigger but not much so he figures out it is the dick he just sucked. As this man silently rolls his dick around the outside of his hole the fourth man, the one with the foot long pop can dick, settles on the bed in front of him. He pulls himself up and rubs his dick against Lyndal's lips. 

Lyndal opens his mouth, which is now dry and a little sore, and takes the head of this truly impressive dick inside. As he goes down the shaft the first time the man behind him slowly inserts his dick into his ass. Lyndal is surprised at how gentle this guy is as the takes a minute or so to insert it fully. He can feel the man's balls against his as he takes this dick to the hilt. Just as slowly, he withdraws. Lyndal busies himself with the dick in his mouth. This man's dick is so big that with it touching the back of his throat there is still over two thirds of it exposed. He struggles to roll his tongue around on it but manages. The man reinserts his dick a little faster this time into his ass. Lyndal enjoys this treatment of his ass as opposed to the rough ride it was just given. He moans on the other man's dick in pleasure, as his ass is expertly pleased. 

The dick he is sucking feels as if it is getting bigger and bigger as his jaw muscle cramps more and more. His whole face hurts as he continues sucking this dick and rolling it around on his tongue. His efforts are appreciated as the man lays and plays with his own balls. His eyes are closed, and he is smiling in pleasure. The man in his ass has stepped up his speed but is still going slowly. Lyndal is very much enjoying this and is moaning rather loudly around the dick in his mouth. The man fucking his ass is swaying his hips circularly as the thrusts in and out. His dick touches every part of the inside of his ass. Lyndal can feel himself about to cum unexpectedly. 

He ass muscles tighten around the dick in his ass and his balls retract upward. He sucks this dick in and out of his mouth fast and hard as he nears his own climax. The man fucking his ass has gripped Lyndal's thighs hard and moans a deep growling moan. His slow rhythmic pumping continues in a non hurried way. Lyndal can't hold it back anymore and lets out a squeal as he cums straight down onto the bed. Every muscle in his ass tightens and pushes against the dick in him. The man pushes hard into Lyndal as his body pushes him out and soon cums in his ass. The man lets loose with a flurry of short quick pumps against the push of Lyndal's ass muscles. His cum is hot and drips quickly out and around his dick and down Lyndal's balls to the bed. Once every last drop of cum is gone the man stops his short quick little pumps and withdraws his dick. The dick he is sucking shoots a little bit of cum in his mouth. This man's cum is very salty and hot tasting. Lyndal is surprised that a dick that big would cum so little. The man disappears from the bed.

Quickly the man that just cum in his ass is off the bed and is replaced. Lyndal is looking forward to taking the next dick. And soon his want is answered. The man he just sucked off is back in view at the side. He is stroking his dick to get it up again. The first dick he sucked, the ten-inch, must be next in line. He feels a dick head at his hole. He relaxes to make it easier for this guy. In a second the man pushes his dick slowly forward. Lyndal can feel his asshole open up to take this dick. With a pop the head is inside. It fills his ass completely all around. Once his muscles relax the man pushes forward. It takes a while but Lyndal takes every inch of this dick in his hot and eager ass. He can feel the tickle of the man's ball hair on his ass cheeks. Once his dick is in to the hilt the man yanks it out quickly. He pulls his dick all the way outside of his ass and then shoves it back in. 

Lyndal instantly cums with this treatment and lets out a loud yelping moan. Damn that felt good. The man soon is pounding into Lyndal fast and hard. With every stroke he pulls his dick nearly all the way out and shoves it to the hilt. The man's hairy body makes slapping sounds as it slams against Lyndal's ass. The man keeps this pace for what feels like hours and Lyndal loves it. He squirms and moans with every pump. The man with the huge dick that was standing beside the bed climbs back onto the bed in front of Lyndal. He is too far away to get his dick sucked. Lyndal barely notices him as he concentrates on the ass fucking this guy is giving him. With every pump Lyndal can feel his balls getting stiffer and, he knows soon he will cum for a third time. 

The man fucking his ass pumps harder and harder into Lyndal as he closes in on cumming himself. Lyndal's ass tightens again as he nears climax and the man fucking his ass obviously enjoys the tightness as he pumps harder still. Lyndal can't control it and lets out a loud holler, and he cums onto the bed again. The man fucking his ass stops his thrusting and squirts a huge hot load in his ass. He grunts and shudders as he pours hot cum in his ass. Once he is finished he pulls away and gets off the bed. 
