 These are the further adventures of Mr. Mom.  You may want to read the first three installments to get an understanding of the characters.  If you just want to read about hot sex and don’t care about character-start reading.  I appreciate hearing from all who read my stories and feedback is welcome.


The next few days of Betty’s stay with me were a wild sexual romp.  We fucked constantly and I was amazed by her stamina.  We did it in every room of the house and at all times of the day and night provided the baby was asleep.  We also fucked in positions I didn’t know were possible.  This was one wild slut.  I couldn’t believe she was my mother-in-law.

As the time approached for her to leave she got a call from my father-in-law, Bill.  He said he really missed her (I know why!) and volunteered to drive down from Boston to pick her up.  That way he could see her sooner and also see the baby for a couple of days.  This bummed me out for a couple of reasons.  I knew our time together would come to an end soon and I didn’t know how I would handle being in the same house with her and not being able to touch her.

“Don’t worry,” she said.  “Bill is really clueless sometimes.  We’ll still be able to get together some.”  I wasn’t too sure.  If we fucked around at all the guy would have to be an idiot not to notice.  I guess I’d just have to see what happens.

The next day Bill arrived about dinnertime.  I’ve always liked Bill and it was actually good to see him.  After we got him settled in the guest bedroom with Betty, I threw some steaks on the grill and we had a nice dinner.  We sat around in the living room afterwards and chatted.  All the while I couldn’t help but sneak glances at Betty.  She had on a pair of tight cut off jeans and a loose top with buttons in the front.  She had the top unbuttoned to the 4th button.  This allowed her top to gape open up when she leaned forward.  Each time she did this I caught a glimpse of her bra-covered tits.  She was wearing the black see through bra that I loved.  I could see that her nipples were hard and sticking straight out.  After a while she got up to get us all more wine.  As she bent down to pick up her glass, the top opened up far enough for me to see past her tits to her belly and the tops of her shorts.  Since Bill was next to her on the couch and I was in the opposite chair, only I could see her this way.   She looked at me with that crazy smile and winked.  When she returned and sat down she looked at me again and spread her legs apart slightly. Her shorts were so tight that I could see the outline of her pussy lips.   She was driving me crazy.  I spent most of the night adjusting my pants so my hard on wouldn’t be so noticeable to Bill.

I could see that Bill was also spying on Betty and had the same problem I did.  After about 20 minutes of this Bill nudged Betty and gave her a wink.  He then said, “Ken, thanks for the dinner and drinks but I’m going to take my beautiful wife upstairs and show her what she’s been missing.”

“OK.  Have fun,” I replied.

With that he grabbed Betty by the hand and dragged her upstairs.  As they got to the bottom of the steps, Betty looked at me and smiled again.  Up the stairs they went giggling like two school kids.  I looked after them and thought about what a great time Bill was going to have.  All of a sudden I felt very lonely.  I walked over to the liquor cabinet and pulled out my favorite single malt.  I poured some in a glass and started to drink.  After a couple of scotches I could hear the headboard in the guest bedroom banging on the wall.  I had another drink.  Then I heard Bill grunting like he was cumming.  I had another drink.  Things had quieted down and I heard the door open and  someone walked into the bathroom and shut the door.  I had another drink.

I was pretty much hammered when I heard the bathroom door open and footsteps led back to the guest room.  When the door shut I had another drink.  When I heard the bed going again I figured any chance I had for fucking Mom tonight was shot so I staggered up the stairs and went to bed.  I was barely able to get out of my clothes before I fell in bed and passed out with my feet at the head of the bed and my head hanging over the other end.

I don’t know how long I was out but I woke up when I felt someone shaking the bed.  I opened my eyes and saw a freshly shaved pussy staring me in the face.  I looked up to see Betty staring down at me with her legs on either side of my head.

“Like what you see?” she asked.

“So that’s what you were doing in the bathroom.” I replied

“It’s a little sore from the razor.  Can you make me feel better?”

My head was still a little cloudy but I knew what she wanted and was more than willing to oblige.  I stuck my tongue out and traced around the outside of her pussy lips.  I licked up and down and then sucked on her inner lips.  I even went down to the area between her cunt and her asshole.  

“Ahhh.  That feels better,” she groaned.

I then formed my tongue in a point and shoved it inside her pussy.  Her insides were really wet and it started to leak into my mouth.  I reached up and grabbed her hips and pulled her forward so she fell on top of me with her face in my crotch.  A perfect landing in the 69 position.  

“Suck it, cum slut,” I ordered.

She took my cock in her hand and licked up and down the shaft.  As she applied pressure on the underside with her tongue, I returned to my duties on her end.  Her clit was sticking out and I sucked on it.  I sucked it in and out of my mouth like it was a cock.  At the same time I ground my nose into her cunt hole.  Her juice was leaking out all over my face.  It was glorious.  As I continued to suck her clit in and out of my mouth I could hear her moan.

“Jesus fucking Christ, you’re good,” she gasped.  “I want to cum all over your face”

I kept abusing her clit with my mouth as I reached around and grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them apart.  Her anus was well lubed from my saliva.  I inserted the index finger of each hand into her brown hole up to the first knuckle and started to spread it out.  When it was nice and open I shoved my nose into the void.  This position made it so that when I pulled on her clit with my mouth, my nose would press into her ass.  This drove her nuts and she went wild humping my face.  When her whole body started to shake I knew she was cumming.  I could also tell by the amount of juice pouring out of her pussy.  

This went on for some time and my neck was starting to get sore so I laid my head back on the bed and let her grind her pussy into my mouth.  I kept massaging her butthole with my fingers keeping her sphincter loose because I had plans for my cock after she finished cumming.  All of a sudden I felt something push past my fingers and enter her gaping hole.  I looked up and saw a hard cock and two hairy balls above my face and the cock was plunging into Betty’s shit hole between my two fingers.

Betty screamed, “Fuck, I can’t stop cumming.”   She pushed her hips back until the cock was completely buried into her.  The balls were hanging right above my nose when the cock started to pull out.  I’ve never been this close to someone else’s cock before – especially one pumping in and out of a woman’s ass.  It came all the way out until just the head was inside and then plunged in all the way again.  The balls came down and hit me in the face.  I stuck my tongue out and gave them a lick as the cock pulled out again.  Each time it plunged back in I gave the balls a lick.  I don’t know if it was because of all the scotch I drank but I was really starting to get into this.

After a couple minutes of this I could hear the person attached to the cock start to moan. 

Betty was screaming, “Cum baby, shoot your cum in my ass, shoot it all the way in me.  I want to feel it in my stomach.  Agggghhhhhhhh, fuuuuucck meeeeeeee!!!” 

I could see the cock start to swell and the balls tighten up in the scrotum.  I knew he was on the verge of exploding.  Just as he shoved the cock in to the hilt I opened my mouth and sucked both balls in.  The person let out a moan and I could feel spurt after spurt shoot into my mother-in-law.  I continued to suck on his balls until he started to soften and pull out of Betty’s hole.  As the cock popped out of her hole it dropped down and lay across my chin.  I let go of the balls and gave the cock a couple of licks to clean it off.  I liked the taste of my own cum so I wanted to taste someone else’s.  Not bad.

As the cock withdrew I looked up and saw Bill’s face with sweat pouring down off his chin.   Then I looked at Betty and saw cum leaking out of her asshole and dripping down to her pussy.  I licked it up and cleaned her whole area.

“Please stop.  This old lady can’t take any more right now.”

I knew she could take more so I rolled her over until I was on top.  I pushed up onto my knees and pointed my cock at her mouth.

“I know you can take this, you fucking slut,” I hissed.  I then shoved my cock between her lips and humped her face until I was buried in her throat.  As I pumped in and out of her throat I grabbed her tits by the nipples and tugged on them.  They were stretched out all the way and I started to shake them.  I love the sight of pulled nipples and my cock got harder.  I shoved it in and out of her mouth while my balls slapped her in the forehead.
Betty reached up and grabbed me by the ass and pulled my hips closer to her face.

This stopped me from humping and I stayed there with my cock buried in her throat.  She then took both her index fingers and pressed them into my asshole and pulled the opening apart just like I had done to her.  When she plunged them both in as far as she could reach I exploded in her throat.  Betty started to gag but she held onto my ass so I couldn’t pull back.  I could feel my cum slide down her throat and build up alongside my shaft.  After a couple more blasts it was too much for her to hold in and my seed started to come out of her mouth and drip all over her face.  I finally slowed down to a trickle and she released my ass.

When I pulled out of her mouth her face was covered in come and long, thick streams stretched from her lips to my cock.  All of a sudden Bill was there with his hand on my cock and he pulled it into his mouth.  After he cleaned it all off he let me slip out of his mouth with a pop.  Meanwhile Betty was wiping the cum off her face with her finger and putting it in her mouth.  

I laid down on the bed next to Betty and Bill got on the other side and we all fell asleep.

I don’t know how long we were passed out but when I woke up it was still dark outside.  I could feel some movement in the bed and I looked over to see Bill and Betty making out.  They both had their hands in each other’s crotch.  She was stroking him and he was shoving three fingers inside her.  I decided I wanted some action too.

I snuggled up to Betty’s back and reached around and started massaging her tits.  They were pressed up against Bill’s chest so I was actually rubbing both their nipples.  I could feel my member start to stiffen.  I knew what I wanted so I reached my hand down between her ass cheeks.  I spread them apart and could feel her pussy juice leaking out.  I took some and smeared it over her asshole.  I then stroked myself to spread the precum I was producing around my shaft.  When we were both lubed up I positioned myself to enter her.  As the head popped through her sphincter Betty moaned.

“Easy big boy.  I’m a little sore there.”

I took my time and inched in little by little.  The whole time she was kissing Bill and sucking on his tongue.  When I was finally completely buried in her I rolled onto my back with her on top of me.  This pulled her away from Bill.  He had some ideas of his own so he stood up went to the foot of the bed and pulled Betty into a sitting postion.  All this was going on with my cock balls deep in her ass.  Betty got her legs underneath her and started bouncing up and down on me.  God, this felt great.

Bill then stood up on the bed and fed his shaft into her mouth.  My mother-in-law was bouncing up and down with my cock in her ass while she was deep throating my father-in law.  Like I said – this was one hot bitch.  After a few minutes of this Bill pushed her back down so she was laying on top of me.  He then laid down on top of her and started tp push his cock into her pussy.

“That’s it, baby.  Fill up both my holes.”

Bill started to pump in and out of Betty’s cunt.  I could feel every inch of his cock through the thin membrane separating her two channels.  Since Betty was on top of me it was difficult for me to pump in and out.  I just laid still and felt Bill’s entire shaft rub up and down mine.  It was like he was fucking both of us.  It felt great.

Pretty soon I felt Betty cum.  Her whole body was shaking and she was shouting obsenities.  

“Shit…. Shit…. Shit….Fuck me…..Fuck….Fuck….Fuck meeeeeeee!!!!!” she grunted with every thrust of Bill’s cock.  

With the stimulation I was getting I wasn’t going to last long myself.  

Bill continued to pump in and out of Betty’s pussy.  Her juice was flowing out and bathing my balls.  Bill was sweating and it was dripping on Betty’s tits.

“Keep pumping, Bill.  I’m almost there.  Fuck me and this slut, motherfucker,” I shouted.

With that Bill grunted and shoved all the way in and I knew he was about to blow.  I had held it long enough and I started to blast my cum up into her ass.  I could feel the sperm running up Bill’s cock and spurting into Betty’s pussy.  We were both cumming at the same time and filling her with what seemed like gallons of spunk.  We were all screaming in unison.

“Unnnnnnhhhhhhhhhhhh…….Ahhhhhhh fuck!!!!!!”

“Take that, bitch,” I said.  I could feel that last spurts leave Bill’s cock and mine was about spent.  It suddenly dawned on me that Betty had passed out.  With both of them on top of me, I rolled over so we were all on our sides.  Out two cocks were still buried in Betty when Bill and I passed out.  What a glorious way to fall asleep.  

I plan to work in some suggestions from the feedback I’ve been getting.  Stay tuned. Same bat time. Same bat channel.