 Having read stories on Literotica for a few years, I finally started writing and posting stories at the beginning of this year. I never knew what an effect it would have on my life! I always imagined that this site was a place where we described our fantasies. I never suspected it would lead to one of them actually happening. 

This is the true story of how it did happen.

While I was posting the instalments of my story The Festival, I was lucky enough to receive a lot of feedback from readers. Some was in public comments, but most was in private messages. More often than not it was guys saying how much the story had turned them on and encouraging me to write more. That's great and I really appreciate it.

What really gave me a kick though was hearing from women who'd enjoyed my story. I've had a lot of female friends tell me they enjoy reading erotica and get turned on by it, so I'd guessed that there were a fair few women on the site. But I was still excited to find out how many had read my story and how many had got turned on by it. I particularly liked it when they told me about which parts had turned them on, and which parts had made them cum. It's incredible to think that the words I type into my computer here can have such an effect on someone on the other side of the world.

However, not everyone who mailed me was on the other side of the world. I heard from quite a few more local people. My story was set at the Glastonbury festival, a famous music festival in South West England, and many of the readers had been to it, and so could really picture what I was describing and imagine themselves in the situation.

Here's what one lady said. I'm changing all the names in this story, so just imagine she's called Julie: "Hi Deepblue -- I just wanted to say I thought your story was great. I go to Glastonbury every year and stay in the motorhome enclosure. I'll be going this year and will be trying to work out which one your horny foursome are staying in. If I guess right I might even go and join in to make it a fivesome!"

Most of the women who e-mailed me were disappointed to learn that The Festival was complete invention. I wish it had happened to me, but it hasn't. I had a few group sex experiences when I was at university about ten years ago, and in the next few months I'll write them up and post them here. But, if I'm honest, none of them were as full-on or sexy as The Festival. I didn't really think real life sex could be that good. I thought it only happened like that in stories. 

Until last weekend that is.

I've developed e-mail relationships with quite a few of the people who've enjoyed my stories. Like I say, I've enjoyed hearing about what they like and getting to know them all a bit better. I didn't expect anything to develop beyond e-mail, and so I was amazed when Abby suggested meeting up.

Abby had e-mailed me after the third chapter. I've copied and pasted her first e-mail here:

"Ohmigod! How hot was that? Your story has just had me cumming again and again and again!!! It's the best story I've read on lit. PLEASE write more!!!"

I was pretty happy with the feedback! In case you're wondering, by the way, I've checked with everyone involved in this story and they're all happy for me to tell this story, so long as I change names. 

Abby and I got e-mailing. It turned out she's a 25-year old public relations executive who lives in Cardiff. She's single, having just ended a five year relationship with someone she'd met at university. We got on really well, e-mailing each other about once a day, telling each other about our lives, what we'd been doing, and, inevitably I suppose, about our sexual fantasies.

One of the reasons Abby had ended with her ex was because he was unadventurous when it came to sex. They'd been together for most of their time at university, so, while all her friends were seeing different guys and experimenting, she'd been having the same sex with the same guy. She'd got bored.

She told me she wanted to have sex like the characters in The Festival. One e-mail said: 

"Hiya Nick -- how's going? Loved chapter four. SO HOT! I'd so love to be Keira -- 2 fit women kissing my tits while you slide your thick cock inside me. I'd cum so much!! Would be much better than work -- pitching to a possible new client today. Yawn. I'll be thinking about your story instead!! What u doing? Abby XX"

At around that time -- this would have been mid-February, I got my first e-mail from Louise. At first she was quite serious and reserved: "Dear Deepblue32 -- I've never written to any author of a Literotica story, but I wanted to write to you to tell you how much I admire your work. I look forward very much to reading more. Regards, Louise."

We e-mailed back and forth a few times and gradually she loosened up. I guess she was just a bit nervous about the whole thing, but it soon became clear that she was a really fun girl. She's a 27-year old solicitor who, because she's still paying off student debts, is still living with her parents in Bath. She had a boyfriend, but he was living in London and they hardly ever saw each other. 

By early March she was explaining to me how she coped being so far away from her boyfriend: 

"Hi Nick -- You're right it is really hard not seeing Steve. I miss him. I miss having someone in bed with me. Tonight I've been really frustrated. A lot of work on at the moment, and I come home and there's nothing to do here, just watch TV with mum and dad. So, I've come to bed early and have been reading your stories on Lit. I came halfway through the final chapter, at the part where Nick makes Jen cum with his tongue. I imagined having someone licking my pussy like that. Mmmm! Then when he made her squirt I came again! I've never squirted. Does it really happen? I'd love to do it myself one day, as it sounds amazing. Anyway, must get some sleep, as I've got a big day in court tomorrow. Mail me soon! Lou. Xxx

Over the next few weeks I carried on e-mailing both Abby and Louise, as well as quite a few other girls. Our conversations got dirtier and dirtier, really getting into our deepest fantasies. The one that kept on coming up with both of them, I guess not surprisingly, was group sex. Neither of them had ever had sex with more than one person at a time and both wanted to try it.

I'd thought we were only talking about it theoretically, so was a bit taken aback when I received this e-mail from Abby: 

"Hey Nick. Hope your good. I've been thinking about what we've been talking about and I've decided I want to do it. I want too have a threesum. Are you up for it? No hassle if not, but I think it could be fun!! Abby xxx :)"

As I read the message my heart started to pound and I could feel the sweat on my hands. Was she serious? Could this really happen? I was nervous and uncertain, but I was also definitely interested. My cock had started to rise as I pictured myself having a threesome with Abby. 

Then it occurred to me I had no idea what she looked like. We'd never exchanged photos. I had an image of her in my mind, but it was almost certainly inaccurate. I mean women don't really look like Jessica Alba do they? I wondered if I could ask to see her photo. I figured there was no harm. Better to check now that I fancied her, and I guess also that she fancied me.

I e-mailed her back saying I liked the idea, but maybe we should swap pics and attaching one of me. I'm not the best looking guy in the world, but I'm not the worst either, so I wasn't too shy about sending mine. I'm 32 years old, six foot two, have short blond hair, blue eyes, and go to the gym three times a week, so I'm not in bad shape. Maybe a few too many beers have given me a bit of extra on the belly, but I hoped it wasn't anything that would put her off.

She e-mailed straight back: "You boys, you're all about the looks aren't you! I fancy you for your dirty mind and because from the way you write you sound like you know how to treat a girl in bed. Funnily enough though, you look just about how I imagined you would. Here's 1 of me. Say nice things or else!!"

I didn't need to lie. As I opened the picture I felt my cock stiffen up even further. Abby was prettier than I'd dared to hope. Ok, she doesn't look anything like Jessica Alba, and she's not as perfect as the girls in The Festival. No real life girls are. But Abby is hot. Believe me -- she's really hot. 

In the picture she was standing on a beach in a blue patterned bikini. She was wearing shades so I couldn't make out her eyes, but she was just the right shape -- curvy but not overweight. She was tanned and her shiny brown hair reached to her shoulders. I estimated her tits to be 36C. They were pert and full. My cock was starting to throb as I imagined sliding it in the valley between those tits. Her stomach wasn't totally flat, it had a few pounds on it and I guessed her ass did too, but overall I'd have said she was about a size 12, about five foot six inches. Most striking of all though was her smile. It was wide, natural and it radiated enthusiasm and fun.

I was definitely up for it. If I'd seen her in a bar I'd have wanted to sleep with her, and I was more than doubly up for having a threesome with her and another girl. The thought struck me then that I'd assumed it was another girl. Maybe she wanted another guy? My story contained threesomes with two guys and a girl, so why should I assume she was talking about two girls and a guy? I e-mailed her, not asking directly what gender we'd be looking for, but asking what her general plans were.

She wrote back: "Glad your up for it. It's going to be so good. My pussy is wet just thinking about it. Why don't you come down to Cardiff this weekend. We'll go out and pick up a girl in a bar and bring her back to mine to have our wicked way with her!!! xxx"

I was relieved she wanted us to find another girl. I wasn't completely against the idea of another bloke, but it definitely didn't get me as excited as the idea of me with two fit women.

I was just about to e-mail Abby back to say I'd be there on Saturday afternoon, when an e-mail from Louise arrived in my in-box.

It said: "Hi Nick. How's it going? I'm completely bored today. Nothing is happening at work. I've got no social life. Nothing to do for all four days over Easter. I tried calling Steve last night and he was on voicemail. I left a message but he didn't reply. How shit is that? I've just been reading your new story about Amy, Jen and Nick having a threesome and it's the only thing that's keeping me awake today. It was a brilliant story. I loved the way you built up to it, with Amy talking about the sex they've had, then Nick watching the films of Amy having sex, then Amy, Jen and Nick all going at it together. I'm at work now so can't touch myself, but my clit is pulsating and my pussy is soaking wet. As it always is after I read your stories!! I might have to go somewhere private! God I wish something like that could happen to me. Anyway, how are you? Lou. X"

As you might expect, this got me thinking. Could Louise be the third person in our threesome? I'd already seen a picture of her on her law firm's website. It was a boring corporate shot of her in a suit, but she still looked good. She had short, wavy, light blonde hair, a thin, slightly angular face. Her lips were full and pouting, and her eyes were a beautiful green. She was pale-skinned and had a smattering of freckles across a cute little nose. It was only a head and shoulders shot so I couldn't tell anything else about her body, but it was more than enough to make me sure I'd want to fuck her. But would she be interested?

I e-mailed her, telling her about Abby's idea, and asking if she'd like to come along. I then went and had a wank, imagining Abby and Louise both sucking my cock at the same time. As I spurted into my hand I thought about how I could be doing it into their mouths in just two days.

When I got back to my computer Louise hadn't responded, so I went to the gym for a couple of hours. I ran on the treadmill and lifted the weights trying to take my mind off the threesome we were planning. But I was surrounded by fit women, all sweating in tight lycra outfits, and I was picturing how Abby would look without her bikini, and what Louise was hiding below that enticing head and shoulders shot. After a while I had a raging hard-on, so had to give up on the weights and take a cold shower. 

When I got back from the gym I had e-mails from both Abby and Louise. Abby's said: 

"Oi! Come on! What's your answer?!!! Don't keep a girl hanging on like this!!"

Louise's said: 

"Ok. Yes. I'd like that. But on three conditions: One, if I'm uncomfortable at any point, we can stop and I can leave. Two, we meet on neutral ground, like a hotel in Bristol. Three, I want you to make me squirt, like Nick does with Jen in your story. Can you do all that?"

Was ok with it?! I was possibly more excited and turned on than I've ever been at any point in my life!

I e-mailed Abby to check she was ok with this new idea and she loved it. All three of us started e-mailing on the same thread and I booked myself into the Brigstow, a smart hotel right in the centre of Bristol where I've stayed a couple of times before. We were online till late that night, the girls getting to know each other a little better and all of us talking about what we were going to do on Saturday night. I came twice at my computer as the girls' descriptions became more and more graphic, and I went to bed that night with many happy images in my mind.

The next day I spent playing golf, and having a few beers with some mates. I restrained myself and didn't say anything to them about it. I didn't want to brag about it before it had happened, and I wasn't sure how the girls would feel about me telling my drinking buddies about it all.

Finally, Saturday came and I drove down to Bristol. I arrived at the Brigstow and checked in. We'd arranged to meet in the bar at seven, but I'd arrived a couple of hours early to settle in. The room was perfect -- from the window I could see swans gliding across the river below and people and cars rushing across a bridge. In the room there was a large bed, covered in a soft white duvet and four large black and red pillows. The walls were dark wood and the carpets were luxuriously deep and soft. The bathroom was state of the art with a plasma screen set into the wall at the foot of the bath, and there was a fully stocked minibar. 

I poured myself a gin and tonic and settled into a hot bath. I relaxed there for hour or so, watching some tv, then I got out, shaved, brushed my teeth and lay down on the bed. As I lay there naked, thinking about what was going to be happening on that bed in just a few hours, my cock started to rise again. I looked at it, and thought that if all went to plan it was going to be a very lucky cock indeed.

I should point out at this stage that, much though I wish I was like the character Nick in The Festival stories with a nine inch cock, mine is just a normal six inches. I guess that's average and I've never had any complaints. However, I'd already told Louise and Abby about it, in case they were expecting a nine-incher and were disappointed with mine. They'd both actually said they guessed that was the case, and had reassured me that, as long as it's above six inches, it isn't how big it is, it's what you do with it.

Well, I was planning to do a lot with mine that night. I was nervous, but excited. A lot could go wrong: they could not turn up, they could have sent false photos, we could not get on, the sex could be bad. But then a lot could go right, and I was ready to take that risk. I just hoped they were too.

I got dressed in a casual dark brown suit and open-necked, freshly-ironed white shirt, then went to sit at the bar. Like the rest of the hotel it was ultra-modern, small but all glass and marble with a good view of the foyer. There were a few groups of people dotted on tables around the room, and just one guy serving drinks behind the bar.

I ordered a bottle of beer and sat on a stool, pretending to be calm and relaxed. I kept glancing at the front door of the hotel, wondering who'd arrive first, trying to guess what they'd be wearing. Because I was so nervous, I finished my beer quickly and I was just standing up, leaning forward to order another one, when I felt someone squeeze my ass.

I span around and found myself face to face with Abby.

"Hi!" we both said at the same time. We laughed nervously, and then Abby leant forward and kissed me on the lips. It was a quick peck, but it was enough for me to feel her soft warmth and for my cock to respond with a twitch.

"So I'm first am I?" she said jumping up onto the stool next to me and smiling at me. 

"Yes, Lou's not here yet. You want a drink?"

"Sure. I'll have one of those beers."

I ordered her drink and looked at her. Some people look good in photos but are a disappointment in person, but Abby is one of those people whose animation and liveliness make them even more attractive in person. She was wearing trainers, blue jeans and a red halterneck top. I was looking forward to pulling apart the spaghetti straps that were holding it up behind her neck. I pictured it falling away, revealing her full, ripe breasts.

She caught me looking at her tits and seemed to read my mind. 

"I can't believe we're really going to do this," she said quietly, leaning towards me.

"Are you still ok with it?" I asked.

"For sure," she said. "I've not been able to think of anything else for the past few days. "Plus, you're even better looking in the flesh." 

As she said, she flashed me the smile that I'd seen in her photo. It was a truly beautiful smile that lit up her face and seemed to make the world a better place. All of a sudden I felt less nervous. She kept on smiling as she ran a hand along my right thigh, up towards my crotch, where she left it.

"Have you checked out the room yet?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied, conscious of her hand slowly rubbing up and down the top of my leg, inches away from my rapidly stiffening cock. "It's good. You'll like it."

"I'm sure I will," she breathed, leaning in to me and looking into my eyes. I leant forward and closed my eyes, as our lips touched again. We pushed softly towards each other, our mouths opening and tongues gliding together. I reached up to hold her face with my hand as we kissed, pushing aside her silky soft hair.

We were distracted from our passionate kiss by a gentle cough next to us.

"Started without me, have you?"

It was Louise. As we turned to look at her, both Abby and I caught our breath. I'd never have guessed from the corporate photo I'd seen of her that she was this hot. She was wearing a sheer black dress that highlighted a stunning figure, trim, but curvy in all the right places. We were all silent for perhaps longer than was decent as my eyes travelled over the curve of her breasts that I guessed were 32Bs, down over her flat stomach to where her dress ended at mid-thigh, resting on to reveal long, sculpted legs. I stood up and in her high heels Louise was only a few inches shorter than me. I looked into her green eyes that sparkled like the diamond studs in her ears and said: "I'm sorry. Didn't mean to leave you out."

She smiled at my cheesy line as I leant forward and planted a kiss on her lips, a kiss that was a little longer than a peck, but less full on than the one I'd just given Abby.

"Nice to meet you, Nick," she said formally. 

I realised that most of the men in the room had noticed Louise when she walked in, her short wavy blonde hair bouncing behind her, her heels clip-clopping across the floor, her dress sashaying across her thighs and clinging to her ass. The eyes of the watching men widened as she turned to Abby and kissed her full on the lips.
