 Mr. Pearson was away on travel again. I had met him about four weeks ago and borrowed some money from him to fix my car, well anyway, when I tried to repay him, he said it was a gift and to just forget it. That's when I asked him if there were some way I could sort of work it off by doing some sort of jobs for him. After thinking for a moment he asked if I'd be willing to take care of his house when he was out of town. It was an easy job and it left me plenty of time for my college courses.

Three weeks later, when I got evicted from my apartment because I was so far behind with my rent, I couldn't think of anywhere to go except to him. Since he was out of town most of the time, I asked him if I could stay in one of his spare bedrooms until the end of my semester at college. 

He agreed but I had to promise not to have any parties or such that would upset his neighbors. I promised, and that's when Susie, my best friend, helped me move in and get settled.

What made it so great was that I had free room and board, and the use of his pool and all I had to do was bring in his mail, be sure the place was kept clean, and straighten things up once in a while.

It was sort of lonesome there all by myself and I finally asked him if I could ask Susie, my best friend, over sometimes to go swimming with me. Again he agreed but looked at me rather suspiciously. Actually I think at this point that he was sort of going out of his way to please me. Hell I liked it that someone cared for me, since I had lost my parents several years earlier.

Well one day when Susie and I were lying around the pool, tanning, he arrived home unexpectedly..and came out to the pool wearing a pair light blue Speedos. 

He had come out so quickly and quietly that I hardly had time to sit up when I heard the sliding glass door open. I was frightened he might be upset, so I quickly got up and introduced Susie to him, explaining that she was my very best friend and reminded him that he had said it would be ok. 

It didn't seem to bother him in the least, and he actually asked the two of us if we wanted to go out to dinner with him that night. Susie hadn't brought any decent clothes over, so she begged off, and feeling uncomfortable, excusing herself I walked her out to her car.

She stood with the car door open and her mouth hanging open. "Oh my god Kelsey, he's, he's gorgeous. He looks like one of those Chippendale guys that girls get for their bachelorette parties." 

I had to agree. I was aghast too. I hadn't seen him in a pair of trunks either, so I never suspected what a hunk he really was. Anyway, I returned to the pool and lay on my tummy, undid my bra and bikini bottoms and began to tan. I was sort of showing off for him and thought I could explain my baring my back by telling him I was hoping not to get those tan lines that I hate so much. 

Fifteen minutes later he came over to me and looked down. 

"You're going to get one hell of a burn Kelsey. You'd better get some lotion on or cover up a bit."

I turned my head and lifted up just enough so my breasts cleared the lounger and asked him if he could put some lotion on my back.

I thought he would refuse and just hand me the tube and go away, but he must have realized that it's difficult to oil up your own back, so he knelt down and began to rub the cream into my back. 

I mean he oiled me up from my neck to my heels, not missing one inch. I thought he would hesitate when he got to my ass, but he didn't. Actually he never lingered in one spot longer than absolutely necessary, but just long enough to massage the cream in. When he was done, he returned to his lounger.

Twenty minutes later he dove in and did a few laps before getting out and toweling off. I think he was going to go in the house and that's when I got a bit panicky. I didn't want him to leave. Without really thinking, I did something foolish. 

I rolled over onto my back and lay there completely uncovered. He hadn't seen me yet and just as he was getting up to go to the door, I called out. 

"Mr. Pearson? Could you get me the lotion? I'd like to stay out a little longer and get my front done too."

Turning he saw me and hesitated. A long moment passed and I held my breath. Then he walked back and picked up the tube and brought it over to me. 

I kept my eyes closed and prayed. Suddenly I felt his fingers rubbing the cream into my forehead and over my face.

I was surprised when he continued to mass it in, moving lower his hands moved over my shoulders and throat. I held my breath and waited.

He didn't hesitate. His hands moved down and he rubbed the cream into each of my breasts, lingering just long enough to rub it in, but not a moment longer. My nipples began to swell and become sensitive under his palms.

When he moved lower, across my tummy, I took a deep breath and waited. Would he or wouldn't he, I wondered. 

Without hesitation, he continued down, coating my hips and upper thighs, then I couldn't help myself. I inched my legs slightly apart almost inviting him to apply the cream there too. His hands continued to the insides of my thighs and over my pussy. Again he didn't linger, or do anything invasive, but just massage everything that was exposed. 

By the time he got to my ankles I was on the verge of having an orgasm and my breath was coming in short gasps.

Standing, he looked down and commented: "Kelsey, I wouldn't overdo it. You're getting pink, and some places really don't need all that much sun. Just be careful will you?" Then he turned and instead of going in, went back to the other lounger and lay down.

I knew the place he was referring to about not needing much sun, was bare pussy. I had just shaved it this morning and it was tender and should have been covered, but I wanted him to see and touch me there.

I mumbled something about just a few more minutes and waited. From that moment on it was sort of a game. I watched him to see if he was getting a hard on, and see if I could catch him taking sneak peeks at me. 

He must have known he had aroused me. My nipples were swollen and my breath was still coming in long measured gasps. And I was sort of panting which made my breasts rise and fall. My pussy was doing a dance and I swear it was beginning to weep. I get very wet and creamy when I get excited. 

All the while I kept watching his crotch and I could swear it was quite a bit larger now than when he first came out.

Anyway, he finally got up and went in. I followed three or four minutes later and since I he had seen me nude, I didn't even bother to put my bikini back on, I just sauntered back in stark naked, and went to my room.

I was on the phone with Susie telling her what I had just done when he knocked softly on my door. "Better get ready Kelsey the reservations are for six and we have to be ready."

I cut the call short, bathed, put on my make up, and we went to dinner.

That night, during dinner, I had too much to drink, but so did he, I think. He drinks these highballs called "Jackhammers." Vodka and pineapple juice. Well anyway when we got home I wanted to keep on drinking. I was feeling really relaxed and mellow, so I made a pitcher of his vodka things and poured two, handing him one. 

And I began. "You know Mr. Pearson, er... Ned, I think we get along pretty well, don't you? I mean things are working out really good between us and I was sort of wondering about something."

He looked questioningly at me as I continued.

"I was thinking since you're not involved with anyone right now, and neither am I and well, I sort of have times when I kind of need to... you know, relieve my tensions." 

I blushed at my own forwardness and watched his face. A cute smile crossed his lips as if he understood and yet was a bit embarrassed.

I took another gulp of my drink and went on. "Anyway, I guess guys have times like that too and since neither of us has anyone to... sort of help us, I was wondering why we couldn't team up and...maybe do that for each other sometimes. You know, no commitments or anything, just two people who like each other...you know, taking care of each other."

Thank god for the drinks, I thought. Maybe he's mellow enough to consider it. 

He looked at me sort of dumbly and thought before asking. "What do you mean by helping each other? You know I'm a good bit older than you are Kelsey and I don't want anything to happen that gets serious or complicated."

I was panicked, and thinking he wouldn't go for it, quickly went on to try and explain my way out of this. "Well, when you were at the pool with me this afternoon, and you helped put on the suntan lotion, well that was one of those times for me. Actually, in another minute I would have finished. That's the sort of thing I was thinking about. You know when I get all keyed up you might just help me a little like that and it would be a nice way to finish, and I could do something for you sort of like that too."

For the first time he lost his cool. "You mean you want me to make you orgasm and you want to do the same to me? How? I mean... Oh god Kelsey that's dangerous. Sure it's one thing to give you a massage or something if that helps you but what are you thinking about doing to me?"

I looked straight in his eyes and answered. "Give you a hand job, or something. It's always better when someone else does it for you, don't you think?"

I thought I had gone too far. He probably had known the answer, but never expected to actually hear me say it. And I began to get flushed at the thought of what I had proposed.

He looked at me and asked: "Are you serious Kelsey? Sure it sounds, sort of erotic and all, but you're so young."

"Not that young, Ned, and actually I'm in one of those moods right now just thinking about it. Why don't we just try it this once and see if it works for us. If it's too embarrassing or anything we can just forget that I suggested it."

"You mean now? Where? Here, tonight? This is crazy."

I was giddy and daring, and as I began to open my blouse, I answered. "Yeah. Now, right here. Come on, it's ok, we wont make a mess here in the living room and I want to see if it works."

By now I was pulling my skirt and panties off and I went to the couch where he was sitting and flopped down next to him and began to stroke his crotch thru his slacks. 

Oh yeah, he was getting hard, and I was getting hotter and hotter just feeling him swell up between my curled fingers. 

Moments later, I leaned over and I unzipped his fly and let my hand snake inside. Oooh yeah, he was hard alright, and I held his cock in one hand as I unfastened his belt with my other. 

He must have resigned himself to at least letting me have my way this once, because he lifted up as I pulled his slacks and underpants down to his ankles. He kicked them aside as I took his shirt off.

Looking at what I held in my hand, I thought, my god he's big. I had intended to jerk him off until he came and that way he would be obligated to do me, so I began to stroke his long hard shaft. At first, letting its surface slide across my curled fingers. The problem was, he had no foreskin and I really couldn't dry stroke him for very long. 

That's when I lost control completely. I slid to my knees and moved between his legs and sort of tugged his cock to my waiting lips. I had intended to get him wet in my mouth so I could stroke him better, but once I had his cock between my lips, I didn't want to let it go. So it happened for the first time.

The next morning he went on another trip, and Susie was sitting on the couch in his living room as I went into the details of what had happened.

She wanted to know everything. The most intimate things we did and what he said and did. So I began:

"Well I had intended to jerk him off but once I had him in my mouth I changed my mind. I decided I was going to suck him off. I was bobbing my head up and down like a damn woodpecker and all I was getting from him was a little pre-cum and achy jaw. He was really big and thick. 

After maybe ten minutes of this he pushed me off and I thought he was going to call it quits and tell me he didn't want to go thru with it, but instead he helped me up and carried me to his bedroom. 

Susie, I have never had anyone make love to me like that before. He was like an octopus. He was all over me. He laid me down and he lay next to me. He slid one arm under my neck and over my shoulder so he could hold my breast and he began to use his fingers to massage my breast and nipple. He was rolling my nipple and sort of massaging my whole breast until it was so damn sensitive and swollen that I was shuddering all over. 

He put his mouth over my other breast and was sucking, nibbling, sort of raking his teeth up and down its nipple, while his free hand crept down over my tummy and rested on my pussy."

Susie was sitting there listening to my every word with her hand up under her blouse. She was playing with her own nipples. Soon her other hand was well down inside her jeans pawing at her pussy, as she moaned, "Go on, I want to hear it all."

I continued: "As if that weren't enough, he slid two fingers up inside me and began to curve them up and began to massage my "G" spot. That's when his thumb began to move back and forth over my clit. 

You know how hard it gets when I'm excited. Well it was swollen up pretty good by now and I know I screamed out the first time I came. But when I arched my back and came a second time, he began to sort of shake his hand and squeeze my cunt between his two fingers and thumb. 

Everything was going on at once and I think I had one of those moments when you don't know where you are or what's happening to you."

By now Susie's eyes were glazed and she was on the verge of having an orgasm from just listening to me and playing with herself.

"Yeah," she went on, "Tell me what happened next. Did you jerk him off than?"

"No," I answered, "The guy's a maniac. He let me rest for a second, then he changed positions and he went down on me."

Susie's eyes got large as saucers. "He actually went down and ate you out? Oh my god Kelsey, that's my dream. He actually did that? Did he make you cum that way?"

I nodded and felt a flush run thru my body as I remembered the moment, trying to put it into words.

"Susie, you wouldn't believe it. I grabbed for his cock and held it in my mouth as he did things to my cunt that are hard to explain. His tongue was lapping up and down my slit, pausing and stabbing deep inside my vagina. The room seemed to be filled with the sounds of me moaning and him sucking.

All I could do was lay there and listen to the sucking sounds he was making, sort of shush, shush, slurp, sloshing noise as he wiggled his tongue in and out of my cunt and I all the while I was sighing and sort of howling, half in my mind and half aloud. 

I was using words I never thought a lady would use and I was shocking myself, not wanting to admit that I was saying such things aloud.

The man was driving me mad. Then he would suddenly have his lips over my clit and was sucking it into his mouth and flicking his tongue back and forth while his fingers somehow got back into my pussy."

"Susie I have never ever in my wildest dreams felt anything like that. The guy was amazing. I was squealing and gasping, and a couple of times I had to pull his cock out of my mouth or I would have bitten it off. My god he was good." 

By now Susie was going for another round or orgasms as she urged me to go on.

"By then I was exhausted. I must have cum five times and I was sort of sobbing for air, you know like you sometimes do when you've been crying real hard and at the end you make those sort of sobbing, gasping sounds. 

At that point I knew I had to do something really special or lose him, so I had him sit on the edge of the bed and I went down again to suck him off, but again he was too damn big.

So I told him to stand up and help me. He stood up, but looked confused, so I held his balls in one hand, and the base of his cock in my other hand and told him to fuck my mouth."

Susie sat there with her mouth open. "You did what? Ohmygod Kelsey that's so hot. Did he cum? I mean did it work?"

I was now playing with my own nipples and sort of rubbing my pussy thru my jeans as I went on. 

"Yeah! When I began to pull him forward and force his cock down my throat and pull my head back, he got the idea and began to sway his hips back and forth. I found that if I pursed my lips as if I were going to whistle, he got more feeling. In the beginning, I held my hand at the base of his dick so he wouldn't make me gag, but suddenly I didn't give a damn. I wanted him to finish in my mouth and I wanted to taste him and swallow every drop."

He was slow at first. You know, not wanting to gag me, but he kept getting harder and bigger each minute. Finally he began to stroke faster and faster and I knew it was going to happen, and Susie, I wanted it so bad I would have killed for it. 

I wanted to hear him cry out and beg me. And most of that happened. I took my hand off his cock, took a deep breath and pushed my face forward so my nose was against his tummy. Suddenly he stopped moving and began to pull back.

I heard him call out my name. "Kelsey, no! Kelsey I'm gonna cum. Take it out! I'm cumming Baby. Oh my god girl, I am!"

I wanted him. I wanted him to cum in my mouth and I wasn't going to let him go, so I reached around him with both hands and pulled his ass forward, holding him in my mouth as he came.

Susie stopped what she was doing and stared at me and gasped. "You wanted it? You wanted to taste him? Oh my god Kelsey. Oh my god you did that? What was it like? What did you do?"

I looked at her and sort of smiled proudly. "I loved it. It wasn't bad at all. I guess pineapple and vodka makes it different. The first spurt wasn't much, sort of like egg whites. Kinda thin but a little salty and metallic tasting. Then it got thicker but it was sort of sweeter after that. Seven or eight spurts later I was swallowing in big gulps and it got sort of sticky, like my tongue was sticking to the top of my mouth, but god Susie, it was him, and I really liked it."

"Oh my god Kelsey, you've got it all. I think this is more than just the two of you helping each other out. I think you really have this thing for him. I mean a guy who feeds you, gives you a great house to live in, takes you out to great restaurants and now will even go down on you? It's fantastic.

A month ago you were broke and going to have to quit college and now your sort of having sex with a guy who looks like a male stripper. Oh god honey, what's going to be next? Do you think he might do me like that too?"

"What do you mean?" I asked. "You want me ask him to have a threesome? Exactly what should I ask him? If he'll go down on you too? Hell Susie, I barely got him to go this far and now that its working, I don't want to mess it up."

She stared at me and mumbled, "Well, if the time's ever right and you know, he might like to have two girls work that big cock of his over, and return the favor, you know, it's possible, don't you think?" 

I suddenly realized I wanted him more than I cared to admit. I wanted to have him fuck me, not just let it stop with mutual masturbation or anything, I wanted it all and I intended to get him into bed with me and do it. And I needed to go beyond our agreement but I wasn't going to propose a threesome until I had him to myself. 

I explained that to Susie and she seemed to understand, but by next Tuesday, I had more to tell her, and she was going to be thrilled.

Again Sue sat curled up on the couch as I began:

When he came home Sunday night it was too late to go out to eat, so he and I watched some TV. I stared at him all night hoping that he would give me some sign that he was horny, but nothing happened. 
