 My name is Harold Sims. I teach human biology to seniors at East Middle High in Southern California. To get the background on what is going on here I suggest starting with Part 01.

For the next couple months the extra credit program didn't grow at all. This was fine with me. I was getting the best sex I have ever had. These girls teased me constantly and I could tell it was more than just a grade to them. At least that is what I told myself.

At one point I even tried to convince myself to stop but after tasting Kim's sweet pussy, watching Tanya's bouncing tits and fucking Julie's tight hole there was no turning back. Christmas came and went and report cards were distributed. After that I told Julie if any other girls wanted in they had to make their move by February or me giving them an A right at the end of the year would look very suspicious.

-----------------------------

"There are three girls who I trust and I have told them all about the program." Julie said after our return from the weekend. "They would never say a thing but they were waiting to see their semester grade so they could determine if they needed extra credit. They think you are hot but they are 'follow the rules' type of girls and didn't want to risk getting caught."

"Well I hope they are doing well because they are working hard but I know this subject just isn't everyone's cup of tea." I replied. "I suspect I will find out soon if they are getting the grade they want."

"I will let you know if I hear anything new. See ya."

She scooted out the door and I watched her hot little ass wag back and forth as she left. Once a month just wasn't enough but I couldn't risk doing anything outside of school.

-----------------------------

A couple weeks before the next test I received two requests to be added to the extra credit program. Marci and Jessica approached me at the same time.

"Mr. Sims. We heard about your extra credit program and how you focus on the nervous system." Marci did all the talking and Jessica just stared at me and licked her lips. "Is there anyway we could set up a session before the next test so we can start boosting our grades?"

"Sure girls. I could squeeze one of you in tonight and then the other slot I have to fill is on Wednesday." I replied trying to work things out.

"Oh...Mr. Sims. We were hoping you could do more of a study group with both of us. Would that work with your program?" Marci asked.

"I see no problem with that at all. How does Wednesday sound to you girls?"

"Perfect Mr. Sims." Marci said.

"See you then." They said in unison.

-----------------------------

The next couple days flew by and soon Wednesday afternoon was upon me. Grading like normal waiting for Marci and Jessica was distracting me quite a bit. My daydreaming was interrupted by my classroom door being closed. I looked up and saw Marci standing there and Jessica locking the door. It seems as though they meant business.

These two girls couldn't be more different. Marci was short but cute. She was about 5'3" and had short blonde hair. She had a figure like Kim. About C size tits a thin waist and nice round hips. Jessica on the other hand was tall, probably about 5'8". She had long brunette hair and smaller tits like Julie.

Once the door was locked they removed their coats and hung them on the rack just as if they had come into class. Marci and Jessica were both wearing warm-ups. You know the matching top and bottoms that had the school logos and such. Some times these were loose on girls but these ones fit perfect. Ever curve covered and accentuated by the stretch fabric.

All of a sudden they turned to each other. Jessica bent down and started kissing Marci. Soon they were embracing. Their hands were roaming all over their bodies. Marci was gripping Jessica's ass. Jessica was cupping one of Marci's tits.

Although I expected some interaction between the girls since they wanted to have a group session I didn't expect them to make out for me. I just thought they would take turns with me or something.

This unexpected show had me hard right away. I wasn't shy. I pulled out my cock and started stroking.

"You like what you see Mr. Sims?" Marci asked as she took a break from kissing her mate.

"Very much girls. I didn't realize you two were partners." I prodded.

"Mr. Sims. We aren't lesbians. We just like to make out. To hone our technique for the boys you know." Jessica piped up.

"Ah. Does that include licking each other's pussies?" I wanted to see how far they would go.

"Well a girl does have to get off. Although we mostly wait until we get home to masturbate we have been known to get carried away. Why Mr. Sims? Is that what you want? You want to watch us lick each other?" Marci asked politely.

"Actually that sounds great as long as I can get some action after you're done."

"Mr. Sims. You are the boss. Whatever gets us the A's we need to bring up our GPAs."

"Alright ladies, show me what you got." I ordered them to continue.

They turned to each other and started kissing again. Soon Marci's hands were inside Jessica's pants massaging her ass. Jessica's hands were working on Marci's zipper and soon she was just in her bra and pants. Piece by piece clothing was removed off the body of each girl. Within a few minutes the girls were in their matching bras and panties. Each was wearing a lace demi-bra with a matching thong. Marci in a dark blue like a shining sapphire. Jessica in maroon like a midnight ruby.

I focused on their smooth skin as they caressed each other's bodies. I stroked my cock slowly and let it get hard but kept from coming as I wanted to explode inside of one of them.

Marci pushed Jessica's tits out of her bra exposing her little pink nipples. She barely had to bend over to take a nipple into her mouth. She cupped each breast and took turns sucking and nibbling each nipple. I could see how hard they were from my desk and it made me almost shoot my wad. I let my cock go. It stood there pulsing as the show continued.

While Marci sucked Jessica's tits Jessica reached into Marci's panties and between her legs. I watched Marci pause every once in a while as Jessica moved her hand masterfully. It was covered in fabric but soon there was a continuous pumping motion. Her fingers must have been deep inside and soaking.

"Oh yeah, finger fuck me baby." Marci blurted out in ecstasy and then sucked Jessica's tits some more.

"Yeah, lick 'em like that and make 'em hard. You want me to lick your pussy?" Jessica queried with her eyes closed and her head back.

"Oh yeah. They are hard now. Lick my pussy for Mr. Sims."

Jessica dropped to her knees in front of Marci. Marci put one leg over her shoulder. Jessica pulled Marci's panties to the side and dove right in. She licked up her slit. I could hear her slurping at Marci's juices.

"Oh god! I can't believe you are making me come!" Marci said as she grabbed the back of Jessica's head and ground her pussy into her face. "Keep going. Make it long!"

At this point I couldn't take it any longer. I stood and disrobed. I walked over to them with my cock rock hard and stood there as Marci's orgasm came to a close.

"Very nice ladies. It is hard to believe you don't do that regularly." I said to imply they must have been fibbing earlier.

"Maybe we do it more often than we said before but now it is your turn Mr. Sims." Jessica said to change the subject.

With her mouth covered in Marci's juices she stood and kissed me. The three of us stood in a triangle kissing each other and caressing our bodies. Each girl had a hand on my ass. It was such a great feeling. Marci grabbed my cock with her free hand and Jessica cupped my balls. I hadn't touched myself for a few minutes so I knew I could last a bit with them working on my cock.

Marci was clearly the dominate one. She pushed me away from Jessica and guided me to the floor. She pushed on my shoulders and laid me on my back. Without wasting a second she impaled herself with my cock. She was so wet I slid right in to the hilt.

"Oh god Mr. Sims. You have quite the cock. Do you want to fill me with your cum?" Marci asked rhetorically. "Sit on his face Jessica so he can lick your pussy and make you come like you did for me. Do you want to lick her pussy Mr. Sims."

She didn't wait for an answer and soon I had a laced covered pussy pressed against my mouth so I couldn't answer anyway. Jessica's scent was tangy. I could tell she would be a sour pussy. I reached up and pulled her thong aside and started licking. I was right. She had a fruity taste like a plum that wasn't ripe yet. I planted both my hands on her ass and ate her like crazy.

Marci finally started moving. She pushed off me so I came almost all the way out of her pussy then she slammed back down. I didn't know how long I could take that. It was a weird sensation having to think about two things at once. I think focusing on Jessica's plum pussy kept me from coming into Marci's hot pussy in just a few minutes.

I could hear them kissing above me. I could feel Jessica getting hotter as I licked.

"Mr. Sims! Lick it right there! Don't stop. Make me come on your face!" Jessica could really talk dirty.

I focused on her clit like she wanted me to. Rolling it back and forth with little sucks here and there. She started really rocking her hips and then she came. She kept her motions going over my mouth. Riding my tongue like a mini cock. Her orgasm subsided and she dismounted my face. She kissed me and then got behind. Marci. Marci leaned down and started cleaning my face with her tongue. I could tell she liked how Jessica tasted. Soon we were kissing and Marci was pumping again.

Without a word Jessica laid between my legs and stared sucking my balls. That was all I needed. My balls constricted and I started shooting my load into Marci's deep hole.

"Fill me with your cum Mr. Sims." Marci said. Then she leaned in and whispered, "I want to taste it when I masturbate tonight."

Marci kept riding. She squeezed my cock with her pussy until I was empty. We laid there for a few minutes. Jessica continued to suck my balls. I could feel my cum drip a bit out of Marci and Jessica would lick up those stray drops.

Jessica stood up and went over to her clothes. Marci followed her shortly. I watched them as I got my clothes back on too. They pulled off their lace thongs and tossed them onto my desk.

"For your collection." Marci said to me with a wink.

Once they were dressed and I had put the panties in my locked drawer I said, "Thanks girls. See you next month. Good luck on the test." I winked also and they left with smiles on their faces.