 My name is Harold Sims. I teach human biology to seniors at East Middle High in Southern California. To get the background on what is going on here I suggest starting with Part 01.

After the threesome with Marci and Jessica I didn't really care who the sixth girl was. At first it had bugged me but maybe she was a really good student and didn't need "help". She could have also just been too scared to get caught or maybe she was a virgin and didn't want to lose it for a grade. No matter. I was happy with slim Julie, voluptuous Tanya, sweet Kim and the adventurous duo, Marci and Jessica.

The next four months were phenomenal. Although I think the details would get boring in the context of a story I assure you there was never a chance of getting bored with what I was getting every month.

One of the best parts how the girls got A's on the pop quizzes as well as the tests. All five girls would sit in the front row of the class and finger themselves for me to watch the entire 20 minutes.

Another highlight was the time Kim stayed under my desk for the entire next period. When ever I sat down during class she would fondle my bulge. And then during that classes pop quiz she sucked me off and swallowed. It was so hard to keep a straight face while shooting my load down her throat.

Enough of highlights I must tell you about the final session to prep the girls for their final exam. During the May session I got each of the girls to agree to a final that included a study group with all the girls in June.

A week before finals all the girls made their excuses to their parents so they could stay at a friend's house. One by one they all made their way to my house for their final tutoring session.

I had dim lights and sexy music going. It was like the best date ever was about to happen. Kim showed up first. It was summer time now so all the girl's clothes were getting skimpy. Kim though as still very conservative and she would only share her body with those she deemed worthy. Luckily I was worthy. When I opened the door Kim was standing their in a white halter top and a denim skirt that barely covered her crotch and ass. She was wearing knee high patent leather boots. Her red hair flowed passed her shoulders and my cock was hard the instant I saw her.

My front porch was pretty secluded so I guess she wasn't worried about anyone seeing.

"Hey Kim. Come on in. You look gorgeous tonight." I complimented her.

"Thanks Mr. Sims." Kim replied. "You look pretty good yourself. My pussy has been aching all day. Can I ask you to eat me out so I can relax?"

Before she finished her sentence I had her on the couch with her legs over my shoulders. The insides of her thighs were glistening and she wasn't wearing any panties. Her pussy lips were soaked and dripping quite a bit. As not to see any of that sweet juice go to waste I dove right in. I licked her from her ass to her clit. I drank in every last drop and then speared her with my tongue. I pumped my tongue in and out. This made her juices flow even more. I sucked and swallowed quite a bit.

"Fuck! Make me come! I promise you can have more later!" Kim yelled.

I went to work on her sweet clit and she started bucking. Her orgasm took off. She grabbed my head and pushed my face into her pink folds. She rode my mouth until all her muscles relaxed and she lay limp on the couch.

"Thank you Mr. Sims. I needed that." Kim said. "Now give me your cock so I can suck on it."

I didn't argue. I unzipped my fly and pulled out my cock and balls. I was already pretty hard. Kim sat up and placed her lips on the tip of my cock and gave it a little kiss. She let her tongue snake out and caress the underside of the head. At the same time she cupped my balls in her hand and fondled them lightly. Right as she was opening her mouth to take my cock in the doorbell rang.

Kim gave a fake pouty frown as I pulled away to go answer the door.

"You will get it in a minute sweetie. I'll be right back." I said in a consoling manner.

I walked to the door with my cock hanging out. I checked the peep hole to see if I should zip up. It was Marci and Jessica.

"Hey ladies." I said as I opened the door to reveal my partial undress.

"Hey Mr. Sims." They said in unison.

"Did we interrupt something?" Marci asked playfully.

"Its not an interruption if join us now is it?" I asked rhetorically as I ushered them through the door.

I closed the door behind me and walked them into the living room. Kim was still sitting there with her legs spread wide enough to see her pussy just waiting for my cock to return.

"Now where were we?" I asked as I walked up to Kim and lined my cock up with her mouth.

"Right here." Kim replied and then swallowed my entire cock in one push.

"Nice Kim!" Jessica said. "You mind sharing?"

"Be my guest" Kim replied as popped off my cock to answer.

Jessica wasted no time and knelt down to my left. She leaned in under Kim's motions and started licking my balls. The feeling was sensational. I don't know what Kim was doing exactly but I felt like I was going to explode but I was able to hold back.

Marci stepped out of her clothes and began to undress me. She undid my pants and pulled them to the floor with my boxers. I stepped out of them as the other two girls continued their licking and sucking. Marci kissed me on the lips as she undid my shirt. Once I was naked Marci stood behind me and pressed her naked body against mine. I could feel her breath on my upper back. I could feel her tits on my lower back. She was short so her belly was touching my ass.

She kept her body pressed on mine and made her way to my right side. She lifted her left leg and started to grind her pussy against my leg. Her juices flowed and spread all over my thigh. She reached between us and coated her fingers in her fluid. Then she reached behind me and slid a finger between my ass cheeks. The tip of her finger found my puckered hole and she started massaging.

I had I was kissing Marci as she fingered my ass and pressed her entire body against me. I supported one of her legs with my hand. My other hand was on the back of Kim's head as she pumped me in and out of her soft, wet mouth. All the while each ball was getting sucked back and forth.

"Oh yeah. I'm gonna come!" I warned and Kim quickened her pace.

"Fuck yeah! Pump it!" I said as I shot my first load.

Kim kept sucking and I turned to kiss Marci once a gain as perspiration rose all over my body. Once I was sucked clean the three girls all got undressed a cozied up on the couch.

I fell down into my arm chair and watched as Kim and the two girls started caressing each other. Kim had come already but the other two hadn't. Marci laid down on the couch. Jessica buried her face in Marci's crotch and then Kim knelt on the floor and started to lick and suck Jessica. It looked like they had done this before. I didn't ask. I just assumed that they had adventures outside my classroom that I could fantasize about later.

After a while both Marci and Jessica came in turn. Marci went first and then she leaned in to help Kim finish Jessica off. By the time they were done I was getting hard again.

The doorbell rang.

"Why don't you girls go hop in the hot tub and I will see who is here." I said as I pointed the way to the back patio.

"Yes Mr. Sims." The girls said one by one as they kissed me and went out back.

I peeked out the peep hole and saw three girls on my porch. Julie, Tanya and another student of mine, Nikki. She was an A student. I suddenly flashed back to the entire year and all the looks she gave me. Of course she was the sixth girl. Nikki was the kind of girl you could take home to Mom. She was a good friend to her peers, a good student and smoking hot. She had curly brown hair. She had blue gray eyes and rosy cheeks. She looked young for her age. She was short like Marci but had C+ tits that she didn't hide at all. I couldn't believe she was here. Should I get some clothes on? She must know what was going on so I just decided to open the door.

"Hello ladies and welcome Nikki to our final exam study group?" I said with a wink and a smile.

They came through the door and I closed it behind them.

"The other girls are out in the hot tub. Would you like to join them?" I asked.

"Sure Mr. Sims." Nikki said. "But we don't have our swimsuits."

"I don't mind if you don't." This was all silly small talk but it was fun.

The three new girls undressed my cock got harder and harder. How was this possible? Six girls all wanting to share me and each other.

The bubbles were going so I couldn't tell what was going on beneath the surface but after we had been in for a few minutes Julie's eyes were closed and Tanya was smiling as she watched her. I had Nikki on one side of me and Julie on the other. We weren't shy here so I reached into Julie's lap to find Tanya's hand doing what I expected. At the same time I reached into Julie's lap Nikki reached into mine. I spread my legs then turned and kissed her on the forehead. She kissed my neck and started fondling my balls. They were so sensitive in the water and from the action before. I was enjoying the attention.

Julie started coming. "Oh yeah. That's it. Right there. God yes! Keep going. Finger it." She spoke in short sentences and the girls watched her contorting face as Tanya fingered Julie until she was through.

My cock was getting really hard and finally Nikki grabbed my cock in a firm grasp and started stroking. The other girls could tell Nikki was busy so they decided to take on Tanya since she was the only one that hadn't come yet.

Tanya stood up and took Kim's outstretched hand. Kim had her sit down directly opposite me so I had a perfect view. As she made her way to the other side of the hot tub I watched as her dripping wet tits glistened by the light of tiki torches. I also gazed at the top half of her ass where she had two little dimples above her cheeks. I love it when girls have those dimples. Nikki stared at Tanya's naked body too as she moved across the water. I could tell she liked what she saw because her strokes sped up as she stared.

I put my hand on the inside of Nikki's thigh just so it was barely touching her pussy.

I leaned over and nibbled her ear and then whispered, "Work it slow sweetheart. Let's enjoy the show.

Nikki kissed me deeply and then slowed her strokes. She spread her legs and we both moved our visual focus to Tanya and the other four girls. As we started watching what was developing I started to caress Nikki's waxed pussy. She left a little tuft of hair above her slit but the rest was silky smooth. I saw her bite her lip as I slipped one finger between her pussy lips. Her clit was already a hard little knob so I am sure it was very sensitive. I also moved slowly as to make this last while the girls took on Tanya.

First they started by rubbing their hands all over her wet body. As they massaged her Marci and Jessica leaned in and started licking her nipples. They were each cupping a tit and flicking a nipple with their tongue and then sucking it into their mouth. At this Tanya leaned her head back onto the padded head rest.

Julie moved in front of Tanya but to the side a bit so Nikki and I could still see. Julie's hands went below the water and we could only imagine what she was doing.

As the show continued Nikki was doing a masterful job of alternating between my cock and balls. I would get to the brink and she would switch. I was also working my finger magic. I hand two fingers inside her tight little pussy and I was using my palm on her clit. She would close her legs slightly if she was about to go and I would take my palm off her clit and just finger her. She was so lubed up inside it was crazy. I wanted to fuck her so bad but I was enjoying the show which was for me as much as for the girls. After all I was the one giving out the grades.

Kim was determined not to be left out so she got into the hottest position. I wouldn't never even contemplated doing what she did. She stood up and straddled Tanya's waist. She had her back to Tanya and the rest of her dripping wet body was facing Nikki and me. She bent over so her perfect little ass was right in front of Tanya. Tanya reached up and grabbed Kim's hips. She lifted her head of the headrest and started to lick Kim's sweet pussy. I could taste her as I watched.

"Is she as sweet as they say Mr. Sims?" Nikki asked. Her voice was only heard by me as the girls were moaning with pleasure on the other side.

"She's like peach nectar. Do you want to taste? I asked.

"I don't know. I have only been with guys. I don't think I'm up for it."

"Do what feels good. This is all about pleasure not some life decision on your sexuality. Let me know if you want to and we will work it out by the end of the night." I assured her.

Tanya started moaning louder.

"Oh god Mr. Sims. I can't take much more. Can I fuck you now?" Nikki said in quick breathy voice.

"Sure sweetie. I was about to say the same thing." I replied in haste.

Before I finished my sentence Nikki stood up. It was like slow motion as the water dripped off her smoking hot body. The steam rose around her and then she started lowering her body onto me. She squatted down and impaled herself on me. Right then Tanya's cries got louder and louder.

The noises from across the way and Nikki's tight and slippery cunt work bringing me to the edge already. Nikki stopped moving, leaned down and put her mouth right by my ear.

"I want you to cum inside me." She whispered. "I have wanted you since freshmen year. I have masturbated so many times imagining you"

She started to move her hips in slow circles.

"Spill your seed inside me Mr. Sims." She continued.

Looking past her I saw the other girls sitting back and gawking and the show Nikki and I were now putting on.

"Don't worry about me. You can make me come later. I just want your hot white lava to spill out as you erupt inside me." Nikki whispered more.

She kept going in circles and I felt like I was getting harder.

"That's it Mr. Sims. You are almost there. I can feel your cock swelling." She egged me on. "Just let it go when it comes."

She really knew what she was doing. I hadn't felt like this ever. For a while during this I felt like I was on the edge but I wasn't coming. Soon that ecstasy ended but was replaced with complete and total pleasure of release.

I felt the biggest explosion inside a woman I have ever felt.

"That's it." She whispered. "Fill me full with your cum Mr. Sims."

I shot another long stream and then another. I was sure it was dripping out of her but I couldn't tell since we were in the water. The feeling was overwhelming. I have no idea what kind of face I was making but she was working her pussy so I think I shot into her five more times. She dropped to her knees and rested on my thighs with my softening cock deep inside her. She fell on to me wrapping her hands around me and pressing her tits against my chest. I looked up and saw the other girls. They were all smiling and started applauding.

With her tight pussy gripping my cock it stopped the softening and started getting hard again. I couldn't believe it. I don't know what she did to me but I had gone twice in as many hours and I was ready for more.

Nikki slid off me and sat down beside me. I stood up with a grin on my face and my hard cock bobbing at all the girls and said, "Who's up for a shower."

"We are!" Marci and Jessica said at the same time.

"Alright ladies lets go." I replied. "And the rest of you, Nikki needs a crash course in female anatomy. Since you have all been part of my study group I have seen your expertise and I trust you to for an effective peer group session.

I watched as all the girls dried off and guided Nikki into the living room. Watching their four naked bodies saunter off was amazing. My cock got a little stiffer and with Marci and Jessica on my arms we headed to my bedroom.

I started the shower and we all got in. It was a bit crowded but having our bodies rubbing against each other was kind of the point. As I drizzled soap all over our bodies I was in a teen sandwich. Our soapy bodies slide nicely together. Both girls were grinding on me and my cock was pressed against Jessica's belly. We pointed the water back on us and soon we were soap free. Jessica turned around pressed her ass cheeks around my cock. She started up and down on her toes so my cock was fucking her cheeks. I figured she wanted it so I went low on once bounce and I slid all the way in.

"Oh fuck!" Jessica shouted as I fill ever inch of her hot, wet pussy.

Marci reached between my legs and grabbed my balls. I started fucking Jessica's pussy like there was no tomorrow. It didn't feel as nice as Nikki's had but I had no complaints about any of these girls. I could feel Marci's fingers on my shaft as I was pumping. Then I realized what she was doing. She was fingering Jessica's clit with ever pumping motion I made. Jessica started coming. Her pussy squeezed my cock like a vice. I had just shot my wad about ten minutes ago so I wasn't coming anytime soon. I just kept pounding in slow motions as Marci continued to finger her clit. When I pulled out of her I was very engorged. The head of my cock was purple and the shaft was bright red.

"Now fuck me in the ass with that huge cock Mr. Sims." Marci ordered.

That was the kind of order I didn't mind following. Marci stepped out of the shower and without drying off she walked over the bed and got onto her hands and knees. Her soaking body dripped on the bed. Her pert little ass was raised in the air and her face was planted in my pillow. I just let her wait with her wet body exposed as Jessica and I dried off. I made my way to the nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lube. I dripped some onto my cock and then handed the bottle to Jessica.

"Now get Marci ready for this tool," I ordered Jessica.

While I stroked my slippery cock Jessica dripped small drops onto Marci's puckered hole. With each drop she slipped her finger inside. With each drop her finger would go deeper and then finally her entire middle finger went all the way in.

"She's all ready for you Mr. Sims." Jessica said. "Fuck her good."

I stood above her ass at the foot of the bed. I squatted down and pushed the head of my cock against Marci's glistening hole. I smashed the head inside her with one push.

"Oh god!" Marci cried. Her cry was slightly muffled by the pillow. "Do you think it will fit?" She asked with genuine concern.

"We will sure find out. I will take it slow baby." I reassured her. "Tell me if you want to stop."

"Mr. Sims? Can I suck your balls while you fuck her ass?" Jessica asked as if she was in class and had to go to the bathroom.

"Of course Jessica." I said. "Also, feel free to finger Marci's cunt if you want to.

She got a smile on her face and then went around behind me and Marci.

I started applying downward pressure and I was sliding in with no trouble. It was like her ass was just sucking me in.

"Oh yeah, Mr. Sims. That feels so good." Marci said with a pleasurable tone. "How far in are you?"

"To the hilt baby. My balls are resting on your warm little pussy." I replied.

"Are you serious?!" Marci reacted in surprise. "Then pound me with your rod Mr. Sims."

Once again I followed orders and I started pounding into Marci's tight ass. I rammed her with the full lengths of my cock and slapped her pussy with my balls each time. Jessica couldn't suck my balls during my vigorous motions so she rested her head face up between Marci's legs and started licking her pussy.

The sensation I was feeling inside such a tight hole made it hard to hold on. Every once in a while I would stop and hold it inside. When I would do this Jessica would lick my sack. It was hard to decide to keep moving again. Finally it happened. Marci started coming.
