 Authors note: It has been a good bit of time between chapters and for that I am truly sorry, but life happens.

I very much appreciate feedback, so if you like this series (or even if you don't), please feel free to let me know.

As always a vote is appreciated too.

Disclaimer: This is a work of sexual fiction; use of condoms, getting tested, and use of birth control may not be described or mentioned in this fantasy story but in real life, of course, one would practice safe sex. 

All characters in this story are fictitious and of legal age. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.

*****

A recap:

Barb had just watched Cora and Randy have a raucous round of sex while she hid in the bathroom and Randy just called for her to come out and meet Cora. She balked at first, but finally came out of hiding. Barb and Randy had a discussion about her comfort level as Cora went into the bathroom and she told him that she was ok and turned on by the show. She made him go clean up, as he reeked of Cora's sex. He joined Cora in the shower and got scolded for possibly hurting Barb's feelings. She was not upset that Barb had watched or that Barb and he were together, rather she was upset that it may have been too much for Barb to handle.

Cora and Randy finished showering and Cora hurriedly dressed. She exited the bathroom, put on her shoes and grabbed her bag, apologizing to Barb as she did so, and made for the door. Barb stopped her with, "Please stay."

Cora turned to look at Randy and then Barb in turn. She asked, "Are you sure?"

Barb answered, "I'm sure, really, please stay."

Both ladies looked at Randy and he shrugged his shoulders. "We're all adults. I say you beautiful gals go get yourselves ready, we go get some food and see what the night brings."

The ladies were in agreement. Food would be a good thing.

Barb got off of the bed and went into the bathroom; the shower soon came on. Cora looked at Randy and he could tell that she was genuinely concerned about how Barb was feeling. "I feel bad for her. I don't think she knew what she was getting herself into... Randy, you should have said no to her. As much as I would have been disappointed to find out you were in town and didn't call, I don't think that this was fair to her."

"Cora, she is ok, I can feel it. Please go make nice with her. "

When the shower stopped, they heard Barb humming. Cora got up the nerve, walked to the bathroom door and knocked. "May I come in?"

"Yes."

Cora went in and closed the door behind her. The hair dryer begin to whine and when it stopped, the girls were giggling. The shower soon started running again.

Randy thought, "Everything must be ok after all."

The bathroom door abruptly swung open and Cora came running out. Her hair was still damp and she headed directly for her bag, grabbed it, looked at Randy and said, "I like her Randy," and then hurried right back into the bathroom. He heard them giggle some more.

Soon after Cora returned to the bathroom, a very nude Barb came out and went to her bag. She made a show of looking through her stuff for a bra and panties. She teased him as she put them on seductively. She searched some more for an outfit. Once she was satisfied with her choice, she went to him and gave him a smoldering kiss. "I like her Randy." She turned and rushed back into the bathroom and closed the door as the hair drier began to whine again.

Randy decided to get dressed as they were getting ready. As there were two women primping, he settled in for a long wait. Through the door he heard, "I know, right?" And then Barb moaned, "God, his tongue. Does he know when to stop?" Cora shushed her and then he heard more giggling.

He was pleasantly surprised when they came out all dolled up just a short 30 minutes later, holding hands like old friends. Randy whistled and asked if they were ready to go.

Cora asked, "Where do you want to eat Randy?"

"At the Y, of course", he thought, then grinned and shrugged his shoulders.

She continued, "How about the Casino?"

"Ok," he said, "It brought you luck last time, let's go."

He made sure that he had a key card and then opened the door. Once they were in the hallway, Cora and Barb each took an arm and they made the short trip to the lobby where he asked at the front desk for the linens and towels to be changed. 

***

The Casino restaurant was not busy and they were seated promptly. Their drink orders were taken and when the drinks arrived, they ordered food.

Cora asked Barb, "How did you two meet?"

In a hushed voice, Barb answered, "Actually, I met Randy when he was in High School. He was one of my students." She looked at him and smiled.

Cora leaned forward, wide eyed, and grinned, "Go on... tell me more."

"We happened upon one another by random, dumb luck. He was the best man in my niece's wedding. I saw him at the bar during the reception and lured him in." Barb smiled and looked at him again. "There is something about him, I don't know, we were destined to meet again. I didn't even know he was a former student until he told me over breakfast after our second night together. He has changed so much. For the better, I might add."

Cora was fanning herself, "That's hot," she said but thought "I'm getting hot for teacher." "What has he told you about me?" she continued.

"Not much, really. I saw your risqué pictures in his phone and had a thought. The naughty side of me told him to call you. Ever since I spied on my college roommate and her boyfriend going at it years ago, I've wanted to watch someone else. I still can't believe I talked him into it but I'm glad I did."

"You saw the pics?"

"Yes, and he took some of me. Show her Randy."

He did, reluctantly.

"Scrumptious. Did he show you the videos?"

"Oh, shit she didn't just go there", he thought as he waved his hands and shook his head at Cora, signaling, 'Too much information.'

Barb grinned and wiggled in her seat as she answered, "No... no he didn't... that sounds... naughty...mmmmm...exciting."

Cora continued, "It was me and an escort I booked. We met him when he got back from Iraq the last time..."

He shushed her as the waiter delivered their food.

Cora leaned toward Barb, "Later..." and winked at her.

The dinner was delicious and soon after the last bites were taken, Randy's beautiful companions excused themselves to the ladies room. "What have I gotten myself into now?" he muttered as they left.

He settled the check and upon their return, they said in unison, "We want to go bar hopping."

"Lead the way," he said.

Being the local, Cora led them to the bar district and they hopped from place to place. The third bar was more to their liking as it offered live music. Cora asked Randy to dance with her. He politely turned her down. "You know I have two left feet and no rhythm." 

Barb gave it a try, but fared no better. Since he was not going and Cora wanted to dance, the girls decided to dance with one another. Cora showed Barb a few sexy grinding moves and in no time, they were putting on quite a show. Rebuffing more than one offer from men trying to get in between them, they soon came back to Randy at the bar. He was certain that they were thirsty as they were glistening from the exertion, so he ordered them each a drink. They downed them quickly and he ordered another round. With drink number two down, they headed back out to dance again.

After about an hour or so and two more rounds, they made for the ladies room. Fifteen minutes later, they returned to him and were both in a frisky mood. Barb finally talked him into a slow dance and they hit the dance floor. She kissed him and whispered that she was having a good time. He told her that it made him happy to see her smile. "You know, Randy...I really like Cora. You are right, she has a beautiful soul."

"Yes she does." 

Barb looked him in the eyes and said, "Listen to me. Don't let her go, don't be a fool. Don't mess up a good thing. She's crazy about you. Can't you see it?"

"Yes, I know, but we have an understanding."

Cora joined them. "May I cut in?"

Barb smiled at both of them and returned to her seat at the bar. As he danced with Cora she whispered into his ear, "I'm hot for her Randy. I want to taste her but she's not ready for that yet, so I want watch you fuck her silly."

"You think she's ready to be the center of attention?"

"Randy, she's ready."

***

The group made their way back to the hotel and once they got in the room, Randy announced his intention to shower and asked if anyone wanted to join him. He started the shower and got in but was somewhat disappointed when he finished and was still alone. He dried off and brushed his teeth. 

He left the bathroom with a towel around his waist and stopped dead in his tracks. Both ladies were in the bed and patting the mattress, inviting him to join them. Barb was on the left side, wearing his dress uniform shirt; the same one she had worn for several nights in a row now. Cora was on the right side in a red silk camisole and matching tanga panties. They had left the middle of the bed open and he wasted no time occupying it. Pushing him to his back, they each moved to snuggle against his chest. They both played their hands over his chest and abdomen and even toyed with the others hand when they met. Cora turned her head and kissed him. Barb undid his towel and grabbed his rock hard member. 

"Mmmm..." She cooed.

While Cora was kissing him, Barb moved down to his waist and kissed the head of his cock and giggled when it jumped. She wasted no time engulfing it in her hot, wet mouth. Cora broke off the kiss and whispered into his ear, "That's hot; I'll bet that feels wonderful."

He groaned.

Barb continued to lick and suck and soon rolled herself onto him and into the 69 position. He kissed up her inner thigh and zeroed in on her wet pussy. She hummed her approval, sending a pleasant vibration to his core. Soon Barb pulled off and sat up, grinding her hot, wet pussy against him, nearly smothering him in the process.

"Oh, Cora, I'm coming!"

"That's it Barb, ride his tongue, grind down on him," Cora purred. "But don't smother him."

When her orgasm subsided, Barb rolled off of him and Cora nudged, "Sit up Randy. Scoot against the headboard. Put these pillows behind your back." She turned and whispered something to Barb who nodded her head in understanding. 

He eventually settled comfortably, three fourths reclined, with his back against the pillows. Barb stood over him with her back to him and squatted as Cora guided his cock, lining it up with Barb's pussy; Randy was soon buried balls deep in Barb. Both ladies groaned. Barb slid forward and back on him a couple of times until she was comfortable with the depth of penetration and the position. 

Cora moved to straddle his knees, facing both of them. She leaned forward and nudged Barb backward to recline against Randy. He kissed Barb's left ear and whispered, "Your pussy feels amazing wrapped around me."

"Oh, Randy, I'm so horny, I've needed you in me all day."

Cora leaned even closer and ground her hot sex onto his knees. She leaned forward, lying atop Barb and whispered in her right ear, "I'm gonna unbutton your shirt now. Tell me if I do something you don't like."

"Oh God, I hope she kisses me." Barb thought as she croaked, "Ok."

Cora unbuttoned first one then a second button. Barb whimpered and her pussy spasmed when Cora kissed her collar bone. She then kissed Barb's right ear, and at the same time, Randy kissed the left. Barb moaned again and soaked his shaft and balls with her wetness. 

Barb flinched and groaned as Cora undid each button in succession. She was flush and panting; Randy could sense her imminent orgasm. He sat her up just enough to remove the shirt and then sat her back against his bare chest. He palmed each breast and rolled her erect nipples between his fingers and thumbs, pinching slightly and kissed her just below her left ear. He told her that she was beautiful and sexy. Cora leaned in and kissed the other side of her neck in the same spot and Barb shuddered and moaned loudly. She was covered in goose bumps. It was barely audible but Barb whispered, "Cora, please kiss me."

Cora adjusted herself into the perfect position and wrapped Barb in a loving embrace, kissing her softly on the lips. Barb hummed, "Mmmmm," and her pussy began to convulse. Randy watched intently as the soft kiss turned into a light French kiss and then very quickly into deep French kissing. The girls continued dueling with their tongues and he kept caressing Barb's breasts and nipples. Barb suddenly went rigid and stopped breathing. She leaned forward, pushing hard into Cora, and screamed as she came. Her entire body vibrated and spasmed as she rode her orgasm to completion. 

Cora hugged and smoothed Barb, whispering soothingly to her until she calmed. 

Cora scooted backwards and pulled Barb with her. In the process, Barb lifted off of Randy and settled onto her hands and knees. Randy wasted no time mounting her and sank his hard cock in her fully then began pumping into and out of her rapidly. Barb began to breathe hard and he backed off, which allowed Barb to lie flat on the mattress.

Randy coaxed Barb to her left side, her legs spread like a pair of scissors. He straddled her left thigh and raised the right one into the air and slid forward, burying himself in her furnace hot pussy. She sighed and closed her eyes. Cora moved to spoon with Barb, her breasts smashed against Barb's back. She kissed Barb's ear and whispered, "Don't you just love how his fat cock fills you?" Barb groaned, nodding her head 'yes'. Randy pumped into Barb as Cora whispered sweetly into her ear. "Barb, you are incredibly sexy, I'm so glad that Randy brought you here" and then kissed her ear again. Barb moaned. 

Cora sat up and as Randy pumped into Barb, she whispered into his ear. He grunted that he understood. Cora chanted, "Fuck her Randy, fuck her tight pussy. Harder Randy, harder." The headboard was banging loudly against the wall now and the springs set a squeaky cadence. Cora moved up to lie flat next to Barb, all the while encouraging Randy to 'Fuck her hard.' Cora could sense Barb's impending orgasm and whispered to her, "Barb, I told him to pull out before he cums. I want him to cum all over you, then I'm gonna lick you clean." Barb moaned and shuddered. Cora asked, "Are you OK with that? You want me to lick his hot cum off of your tummy and tits?"

Randy was just about to cum. Barb cried out, "Randy, Oh God Randy, please pull out and cum on me. Cover me in your hot cum like you did that first night. Cora's gonna lick it off of me."

Randy grunted and pulled his slick cock out of Barb rolling her hips to lie flat with the rest of her. She gasped as he did so and he aimed his member at her, pumped it a few times and then roared. His cock spasmed and he fired rope after rope of hot, sticky cum onto Barb. His load covered her from her forehead to her navel. A couple of shots landed squarely in her face and she scrunched her eyebrows and closed her eyes. Cum was running down her chin and pooled in the hollow of her neck, just above her collarbone. Her tits were both covered, as was her heaving abdomen and her navel was full. She giggled.

Cora exclaimed, "Damn Randy. I've never seen so much cum!" as she leaned in to kiss Barb. "Are you sure you're OK with this?"

Barb hummed her ascent as they kissed passionately. Cora licked Barb's forehead and nose, and then shared some cum with her. They French kissed some and then Cora continued down Barb's chin and neck and lapped up the pooled cum just above her collarbone. Barb was giddy and giggled again because it tickled. Cora rubbed and massaged Barb's chest while kissing her way downward until she reached a breast. Cora asked, "OK?"

Barb purred, "Please" and gasped when Cora took a nipple and most of the breast in her mouth. Cora gave the other breast equal attention and used her tongue to gather up more cum as she licked her way to Barb's navel. 

Having finally lapped up all of his cum, Cora moved to take Randy's now flaccid cock in her mouth. "God, Randy, she tastes wonderful." Both Barb and Randy groaned. Cora looked up at Randy. Locking stares with him, she silently mouthed, "I want to go down on her." Randy knew it was too soon and shook his head 'no'.

"I need a shower" Barb said. 

Cora said, "Me too."

Both Cora and Barb rolled out of bed and made their way to the bathroom. The shower soon started and Randy gave them a few minutes. In unison, the ladies shrieked when he joined them. When she was sufficiently clean, Barb got out. Cora hugged Randy and whispered to him, "Randy, I want her." 

He answered with, "You'll have to work that out, but I'm game."

Cora teased him with, "Who said you could play, I want her to myself, and then we can share."

"Cora, I don't think she's ready for that yet."

"We'll see," Cora said smiling mischievously.