 Mrs. Chamberlain Chapter 6 (Barb and Cora become friends)

 Randy woke up with a warm bedmate on each side of him and his ever present morning wood. He thought to himself, "I could get used to this." He gently removed himself from the bed and went into the bathroom. When he exited, he saw that the girls were up and conspiring between themselves. He greeted them each with a kiss and a "Good morning beautiful."

The girls giggled and shared a glance when Cora spoke up. "I hope you can find something to entertain yourself today. Barb and I are going to have a girl's day out."

"Ok," Randy answered. "I suppose you're going to get your hands and feet scrubbed and whatnot. Then go have some 'Retail Therapy'?"

"You could say that, I guess. I would say that we're going to have a Mani and Pedi, to be pretty for you when we go out. And yes, I'm sure we will do some shopping," Cora said, and then whispered into his ear, "... And I do need some lingerie...I'm gonna be naked in the dressing room... all alone with Barb."

Randy groaned and got hard at the thought.

The girls got ready and since Randy never got a chance to sleep in, he decided to sleep some more. He lay back down and was soon fast asleep. When he awoke about two hours later, he got up and went to the gym to work out, then ate a small breakfast, showered and said to himself, "Why the fuck not?" as he took another nap. 

***

Cora had called ahead and when they arrived at the spa, they had only a short wait before being sat for their Mani and Pedi. Barb gushed about how long it had been since she had treated herself to this treatment and decided on French tips. The conversation quickly turned to Randy. Eventually, Barb asked Cora about their arrangement. 

Not caring one iota who may have heard her, Cora answered, "I would not dare to attempt to tame Randy. I love and respect him too much to try to pin him down. He does what he does and we get together when we can."

Their nail treatments were soon finished and when cured they were ushered to the sauna. While soaking in the steam heat, Barb asked, "Don't you worry that he might...might 'find the one' and run off with her?"

"Nope. I don't think that there is any one woman out there who could hold him."

"But..." Barb started and was cut off by Cora.

"I can't be where he is...he is all over the place. We never know when or where he will be deployed. We take what we can get when we can get it. He loves me; he tells me so and shows me. I'm not a possessive person. With Randy, I couldn't be. You have experienced it, he's magnetic. Women make themselves available to him all the time. He is choosy now though. He used to do the random, find 'em, fuck 'em, forget 'em thing. Not anymore. Randy... He...spends his time only with the good ones. Like you, Barb."

"This is just so foreign to me," Barb answered. "I feel like he's cheating on you with me and I can't make it stop...don't want to make it stop."

"He's not cheating, Barb. I don't own him." Cora locked eyes with Barb, "Would I marry him?" She nodded her head vigorously yes. "In a heartbeat...Absolutely. Would we be monogamous? No chance. I don't think we could be. I maybe could, but Randy? Not gonna happen."

"This is weird to me," Barb said.

"Look," Cora interrupted again, "I'd do anything I could to make him happy. When he's happy, I'm happy. I cannot be with him all the time, so I don't worry about what or who he is doing. I trust that he will be safe and honest. He has never given me any reason not to trust him..."

Barb was just beginning to really relax when Cora spoke up again. "Barb...I'm very happy he brought you into our lives. I like to hear about his 'adventures'. I like all of the juicy details. I like to watch and then join in too."

"God Cora, he makes me cum so easily, so...completely...from somewhere so very deep down. It's primal." Cora smiled and nodded knowingly. Barb went on, "I thought I was gonna pass out watching you two go at it while I was in hiding. I really wanted to be you... He was so animalistic fucking you so forcefully. I feared he might hurt you."

"He does know how to fuck, that's for sure, but he's a very considerate lover and can be nice and tender too. No one, I mean absolutely no one has ever made love to me like him" Cora confided.

In complete agreement, Barb began to hum softly. 

***

Cora nudged Barb awake. "You look so at peace and beautiful that I hate to wake you, but time's up here. Massage is next. Ever had one?"

"No," Barb groggily answered, "but I have always wanted to."

"Ok, grab a couple of towels. Wrap up and follow me." 

Barb did as told.

Cora pointed to a massage table, "Unwrap and hop up there face down." 

Again Barb did as instructed.

Cora covered Barb with a towel and leaned in to whisper in her ear, "Randy did well...God Barb, you are so sexy," then kissed Barb's shoulder. Barb squirmed and groaned.

***

Massages finished, Barb exclaimed to Cora, "I have never felt so relaxed and rejuvenated in my life, thank you for bringing me."

"A girl needs to pamper herself now and again. You are most welcome...Now let's go shower."

***

"Where are we going?" Barb asked as they walked briskly down the sidewalk.

"Shopping..." Cora answered 

At the correct storefront, Cora opened the door and they walked in together. Barb looked at Cora with trepidation on her face. Cora smiled back and said, "I need some lingerie and want you to help me pick it out." 

Barb stammered some. "I have never been in one of these stores before. What do I know about lingerie?"

"You can tell me what looks hot on me. You will be honest won't you?"

Barb was thinking, "You look hot with absolutely nothing on at all," but replied, "Yes, I'll be honest."

Peering around, trying to be invisible, Barb said to Cora, "Well, at least this isn't as shocking as my trip to the sex toy store... Would you believe that Randy pointed a dildo at me and flourished it at me as if he were Zorro?"

Cora laughed loudly, "I don't doubt anything you tell me about him." She picked up the 'Simply Sexy Under bust Corset' and asked Barb, "What do you think about this?" while holding it up against her torso and wagging her eyebrows.

Barb nodded her head yes. "You've got the boobs for it."

Cora was searching through the rack and squealed, "They have it in my size...and in red."

A certain chemise caught Barb's eye and she made her way over to it. She picked it up and held the satin to her cheek and smiled. She called Cora over. "What do you think?"

"It's pretty Barb."

Barb grinned, "We should each get one and blow his mind tonight...of course we'll be blowing something else too." Cora nodded yes and Barb blushed.

Panties were on sale. Four dollars per pair, mix and match, but one had to purchase seven pair.

In unison, the ladies said, "We need these too," and they giggled at the timing.

"These will go with the corset," Barb said holding up a pair of boy shorts. "You have the perfect ass for them."

Cora made a mental note. "She thinks I have the tits for the corset and the ass for those panties. Hmmm..."

Cora chose the boy shorts and a pair of lace tanga panties that also went with the corset, because a girl's gotta have options. She also picked up a pair of satin bikini panties to go with the chemise and a cotton bikini in floral print.

Barb also got the satin bikini to match the chemise, and two pair of cotton bikini's to round out the seven.

Barb said, "We need stockings."

Cora answered," That is something that I don't own."

Barb asked, "Really? We have to remedy that."

Barb chose the scallop top thigh highs to go with the chemises and a pair of Cuban heels with back seam for Cora's corset.

She held the Cuban heel pair up to Cora. "These with the corset will make you into a pinup girl."

They shared a changing room.

They were pleased with the look of the chemises. Cora took hers off and worked her way into the corset with Barb's help. She put the stockings on and looked confused as to how to attach them to the garter. 

"Like this," Barb knelt down to show her and suddenly had a strong urge to remove Cora's panties and kiss her 'there'. She composed herself. "I wear stockings. I can attest to Randy's affection for them...There, see, just like a centerfold. God, Cora, your breasts are amazing. Put those boy shorts on. Let me see."

Cora put them on over her g-string.

"Be sure that you put them on after the stockings are attached or they are a real pain to get off. Definitely won't come off in a hurry... See, you have the perfect ass for those." Barb was turned on but didn't want it to show. "He's gonna love it. I promise."

They got dressed and paid for their purchases. Cora asked, "Lunch? It's on me."

"Sure, I am hungry after being pampered and shopping."

They chose a place nearby.

After ordering drinks, Cora asked Barb, "Did you mean what you said about the pinup thing? Wait, let me explain. I'm not jealous or possessive concerning Randy. It's just.....he has been with some really pretty girls in his past. Did you know that one of his college girlfriends is now a porn starlet? God she's gorgeous. She still calls and texts him sometimes."

Barb's mouth opened in surprise, "No...That never came up. Yes, you could be a pinup girl...Does he ever, I mean, do they still..?"

"No, he says that she is too big of a risk. Even with a condom."

Their drinks arrived and they ordered food.

Cora grinned and asked, "So, Barb, what was your first thought...I mean THE very first thing that you thought when you first saw his cock?"

"Oh, my... Cora. I've only been with three men, including him. I was almost in a trance when we did it the first time but when I palmed him still in his underwear, I knew he was special down there. He was so gentle the first time. I knew he was big but didn't realize how big until in the shower the next morning. I was in disbelief that THAT thing would fit in me. The word in my mind was 'pop can'. "

Cora laughed, almost spitting out some of her drink. "He said that 'beer can' was his nickname in college. He's actually longer than a beer can. I've been comparing and he's almost exactly the same diameter as a 12 oz. Red Bull can." She held her hand up with her thumb and fore finger separated by about one quarter of an inch and smiled mischievously. "Don't tell him but he's about this much short of eight inches.. He does have porn star girth though. Well above the 95th percentile there" she said while making an 'O' with the fingers of both hands. "Oh, and as you found out, he cums buckets full. I mean EVERY time. I've never been with a man who can get it up again as fast as he can either. Sometimes I swear he never goes soft between rounds. "

"I can't imagine him taking my virginity. I'll bet he's run a few ladies off with that thing" Barb opined.

"I don't know Barb, I know some size queens who would love to give him a go..." Cora paused then confided, "I want him to take my ass, but he won't. He says that he doesn't want to hurt me. God...I'll bet he feels amazing back there," as she squirmed in her seat.

Barb answered with, "Ouch!"

The food arrived and they bonded some more over it, and shared a chocolate cake dessert. 

"Are you ok with last night Barb? I mean did I get too intimate with you or make you uncomfortable? I have to confess, I wanted to go down on you, and I still do."

"No, I'm ok. I had fun. Since we're being honest, I must admit that I almost pulled your panties down in the fitting room. I had the urge to kiss you there."

"Why didn't you?"

"I'm not...not ready yet for that." Barb replied softly while fidgeting.

"Ok, Barb, since you said 'yet', and left the possibility alive, we go at your speed. But...If I get a sign from you, fair warning, I'm gonna pounce. Randy can just watch."

Barb smiled and soaked her panties.

***

When the girls got back to the room, Randy was still sleeping.

Barb shushed Cora and whispered, "We have worn him out."

"Unhuh but look, his dick is hard. I wonder what he's dreaming right now?"

They both giggled.

Cora pulled the bed sheet off of him and kissed his cock which twitched. Both giggled again.

Cora continued to suck on him until he finally awoke.

Randy groaned. "Oh, I do love to wake up this way."

Cora hummed a response but he did not understand it. She could sense his building climax and slowed down and teased him. He begged for relief but she denied him. Finally, she stopped and said, "No coming for you. Get up lazybones, let's go see the Arch."

Randy protested but acquiesced.

Barb hid the shopping bags and the girls got ready as Randy pulled some clothes on. "I need to do laundry soon."

"I'll do it tomorrow Randy, once we get home," Barb quipped.

Cora replied softly, "I wish I didn't have to work tomorrow and that you could stay."

"I'd like to stay a bit longer too, but I'm not sure how soon he has to get back," Barb answered.

"It's ok, we'll have fun tonight. I can't wait to see his expression when we walk out as twins and fuck him silly."

***

"I'm starving," Randy stated as soon as they got back in from touring the Arch. 

"Me too," Cora said. "What do you like for dinner tonight Barb?"

"How's the restaurant here? I kinda wanna stay in."

"We're gonna eat downstairs Randy, get ready." Cora hollered.

***

After dinner, they went back upstairs. Randy went in the bathroom and started the shower. He asked, "Who's gonna join me." He got no answer.

With his shower finished, Randy walked to the bed with a towel around his waist and crawled under the covers. Both girls went into the bathroom and closed the door. 

"Okay. They're up to something. What's Cora up to?"

Randy watched some TV while the girls showered and readied themselves. Randy didn't witness it but more than one longing glance was exchanged between the girls, and even a kiss or two.

Randy was speechless when Barb came out in her red satin chemise and stockings. When Cora emerged in a matching outfit, he nearly lost his mind. 

At the same time, both girls leaped onto the bed and smothered Randy with kisses. Each asked him, "You like?" He could only nod.

They made out on the bed for a while. Each took turns kissing Randy, and teased him by kissing his throbbing member. When they began to tongue wrestle each other, Randy really paid attention.

Cora broke off the make out session and found the adult channels on the TV. 

She stopped surfing when she found one which was showing some girl on girl action. She asked. "Is this ok, Barb?"

Barb blushed, "I guess...I haven't watched much porn."

Barb settled on her tummy, propped up on her elbows facing the TV. This position put her facing away from the other two. They had a clear view of her dampening crotch.

"Why do they shave all the hair off?" Barb asked.

Cora said, "All the porn girls do that. Hell, damn near every woman under 30 is hairless. Randy is the only man I've known that doesn't like it smooth."

"I do like a well shaped, trimmed bush. Shave the vulva all you like, but a totally bald pussy freaks me out. Reminds me of jailbait," Randy said, shaking his head.

He put his hand on one of Barb's ass cheeks. She squirmed and raised her pelvis up a bit, sort of pushing backward. His hand moved to her pussy and he wormed a finger under the drenched fabric. Barb moaned and Cora leaned forward to kiss the other ass cheek.

Randy removed his finger and offered it to Cora. She greedily put it in her mouth and sucked and groaned.

Cora pushed Barb flat and lay atop her, kissing her ears and the back of her neck.

Eventually, Barb rolled to her back and the girls were lying face to face with Cora between Barbs thighs, tangled up, making out like long time lovers. Barb squirmed and rolled Cora over and assumed the same position that Cora had previously had. Cora's legs were wrapped around Barbs waist and she was humping up, grinding her pussy against Barb.

Soon, Barb straddled Cora's tummy. Cora's hand found the wet spot between Barb's thighs and she worked a finger inside her panties. Barb sat up straight when Cora found her clit. Barb groaned and ground herself hard down onto Cora.

Randy could not stand it anymore. He moved directly behind them and leaned down, kissing Barb's lower back just above her panty line and then made a beeline to Cora's wet crotch. He hooked his fingers under the elastic and Cora lifted up. He removed her panties in record time and immediately buried his tongue into Cora which caused her to wail and buck. Randy licked her a couple dozen times and withdrew.

Randy sat up straight and lifted Barb's chemise to fondle her breasts. He whispered into her ear, "Cora wants you as much as I do."

That set Barb off. She screamed Cora's name as she came on her fingers.

Randy wasted no time. He grabbed Cora's ankles and raised them, which caused Barb to scoot forward some, and in one push, filled Cora fully. She yelped but he didn't hear it. Randy began a brutal rhythm slamming home and pulling out and slamming home again while Barb ground down onto Cora's middle.

Randy soon stopped though. He pulled on Barb's panties and she lifted up so he could remove them. As soon as they were out of the way, she settled back down onto Cora and he filled her pussy just as he had Cora's. Still straddling Cora, Barb leaned down, almost flat against her and shrieked, "He's fucking both of us Cora," as Randy continued to hammer away. Barb kissed Cora and grunted throughout Randy's assault on her pussy.

Cora whispered to Barb, "I want him to come inside you."

Barb croaked, "OK"

"Then," Cora finished, "I'm gonna eat his come out of you."

Barb screamed and convulsed. The girls shared a look. Cora could see the desire on Barb's face. Barb whispered, "I want to Cora, I do, but I can't yet." Randy kept on fucking her.

"I understand, really, I do... I know you aren't ready to reciprocate but I just have to taste you." Barb groaned, then Cora added, "Barb, I want so badly to see you come on my tongue"

Barb whimpered and then came.

Oblivious of the girls' conversation, after Barb's orgasm, Randy immediately moved back to Cora and fell into a hard hammering rhythm.

He soon announced that he was gonna cum. Barb whispered to Cora, "Ok."

Cora screamed to Randy, "Cum in Barb, Randy, oh God, pull out, pull out of me, cum in Barb!" 

As his climax was imminent, Randy quickly withdrew from Cora and wasted no time getting back inside Barb.

Cora reached between her and Barb and squeezed Randy's balls. He slammed home, ground in circles three times and exploded inside of Barb. 

Randy collapsed and rolled to the side. He was aware only of the sound of frantic fucking coming from the TV and kissing coming from his playmates.

Barb rolled to her back and Cora rolled with her. Cora kissed Barb's collar bone and sternum, tits and belly button and slowly made her way to Barb's sloppy sex. She kissed Barb's inner thighs and took in the musky scent. She stopped just short of licking Barb's fleshly fucked sex and peered up into her eyes.

Barb whispered, "Please."

Cora lovingly planted a kiss on Barb's mons and ran her tongue through the cropped hairs. Barb arched her back and pushed her cum filled pussy toward Cora as she groaned.

That groan caused the oblivious Randy to look their way. He saw Cora tease Barb's sex with her tongue as Barb whimpered and bucked. Cora soon buried her tongue in Barb's smoldering volcano and all three groaned in unison. Barb grabbed Cora's hair and pulled her tight; Cora took that as permission to go to town. She made full passes up and down Barb's slit and dipped her tongue and swirled it several times before zeroing in on her swollen clit. After sucking and licking her clit, Cora made full licks up and down many times again before settling back in on Barb's clit again.
