 Needing to rest, but only for a few minute, Mrs. Claus lay contentedly on her back, eyes closed and her face creased with a smile. Her Annual Christmas Eve Orgy was off to a truly memorable start. She was in a state of bliss after sucking off such a marvelous cock and eating such a delightful pussy, and from her own tremendous orgasms. When she opened her eyes, the smile went from happy to lascivious because she beheld three handsome young elves standing at the foot of the mattress, each one sporting a splendid erection.

"Which of us do you want next, Mrs. Claus," asked the one with the biggest cock, grinning because he expected his endowment to result in his being the one chosen.

He was right, in a way. "All of you," she responded, her smile increasing in its lewdness.

She got to her feet, her pussy dripping with the previous elf's cum and with her own juices, including the fresh ones that were already flowing in anticipation of what she would be doing momentarily. "Lie right here," she told the first elf, directing him to the spot she had just vacated. 

The elf with the smallest cock was instructed to kneel on the mattress near the first elf's head. "I'll be ready for you in a minute," she told the third one.

Mrs. Claus knelt, straddling the legs of the elf who was lying on his back, and fondled his cock while a mixture of semen and her own juices ran down her thighs onto his. She moved forward and rose to her feet, crouching over the prostate elf, with the fingers of one hand holding open her pussy. Her other hand held his erect cock in position and the juices dripping from her provided enough lubrication as they quickly covered the big, mushroom-shaped head. Moving slowly, Mrs. Claus lowered her body until she felt the tip of his cock wedge into her eager pussy.

She gave a happy sigh as the thick head spread the sides of her tight opening, sending thrills swirling through her body. She sighed again and the thrills increased as she lowered herself slightly more, taking another inch of hard, thick cock into her pussy. She rose slightly, paused, and again lowered her body, moaning in delight as she felt two more hard inches surging inside her. Repeatedly, she moved up and down, until the entire cock had been enveloped, and the elf's dark pubic hair was mingling with her own blondeness. Slowly, she extended her legs beside his as she lay down atop him, until her luscious breasts squashed into his chest.

The elf who was kneeling near her face, moved forward, his cock at the ready, expecting Mrs. Claus to take it into her mouth. Instead, she smiled, held his stiff shaft gently in her fingers and kissed and licked it. "It'll be your turn soon, cutie-pie," she said to the hard, velvety head. 

Before that would happen, though, she looked over her shoulder to the elf who was standing over and behind her. He was quite sure he knew what they would be doing momentarily, and was looking forward to it almost as much as she was. "If you need lube," she told him. "My pussy has plenty." After making that suggestion, she sprawled on top of the first elf and reached back to spread her ass cheeks. With his cock impatient to start fucking for real, and having a strong desire to fondle her ass anyhow, the elf under her reached down and helped present her voluptuous ass to his associate.

Getting ready to fuck the lovely pink rosebud that was so delightfully available, the elf knelt, with his knees between the legs of his mistress and those of the other elf. He took her suggestion and scooped up some of the juices running freely from her pussy and coated his cock. Another handful was rubbed over her eagerly awaiting hole, and he inserted his finger to spread it all around the inside as well. With both of them prepared, the elf leaned forward, guiding his cock with one hand until it was pressed against the opening that was being maintained by Mrs. Claus and the other elf. With a firm push, it popped inside, to be greeted with her moan of pleasure. He ran his fingers around between the head of his cock and the sides of her well-lubricated hole to make sure there was no loose skin or other potential problems.

There were none; he set his hands on her hips, affectionately and for leverage, and gave another firm push. Two inches of his shaft plunged into Mrs. Claus's ass, and she moaned again, almost ecstatically. Tremendous waves of pleasure swept out from the part of her ass that had been filled with the elf's cock, almost matching those that were throbbing throughout her body from her other hole. Not having had a cock in her ass for a year, she was very tight, and the hard, thick cylinder that was stuffed inside her pussy was making it difficult for the second elf to drive in his cock. However difficult it might be, they both knew the total bliss that awaited them would be easily worth the effort, so she continued holding her ass cheeks as far apart as possible while squirming to help with the penetration. Over and over, the elf drove his cock into her, an inch or less at a time, until his thighs were firmly pressed against her creamy buttocks and his pubic hair was tickling the soft flesh inside her cheeks. Exquisite pleasure surged outward from her ass and her pussy and she moaned from the bliss.

With both cocks in her to the maximum depth, Mrs. Claus and the elves started slowly synchronizing their movements. The cock in her ass was withdrawn and, after a slight pause, driven slowly back in while the one in her pussy was pulled back until just the head was still inside. Then it was the turn of her pussy to be filled again, that elf plunging his cock into her while the other elf was withdrawing his from her ass. After another cycle, Mrs. Claus started fucking back and up to meet the cock plowing into her ass, then down as she enveloped the one surging into her pussy.

Even as the rhythm was being established, incredible pleasure continued to inundate her body, sweeping out with every stroke from the places that were being so wonderfully filled by the cocks pistoning in and out of her. Mrs. Claus sighed and whimpered and moaned ecstatically but she still wanted more. The Christmas Eve Orgy happens just once a year; she wanted all she could get, and knew there was more waiting right next to her. She opened her mouth and again turned her face toward the elf who had been kneeling and waiting for her. Placing his hand on her shoulder, he moved forward, sliding his cock between her lips, so she could move her head toward him, and engulf it all the way to his balls.

This cock was smaller than the first one she had sucked off, and didn't fill her mouth so thrillingly but, in some ways, it was better. Her tongue could fondle it and roll it around while she relished the feel of its hardness against the insides of her cheeks. Slowly, she moved her face back and forth, letting the elf's cock slide in and out of her mouth. Sometimes, when just the head was between her lips, she held it there and licked all around it and under the ridge and probed the slit with the tip of her tongue. Mrs. Claus loves everything about having a hard cock in her mouth, and she made the most of its presence there.

It was fun, sucking the elf's shaft in and out and caressing it with her tongue and lips but the pleasure she received from the stiff cock in her mouth was nothing compared to the bliss that flooded her body from the two that were fucking her ass and pussy. As they alternated thrusting in and out, unalloyed pleasure throbbed out from where they were stretching her tight openings and expanding the channels they were filling. Because both holes were so full, the cock of the elf on the bottom scraped against his mistress's clit every time he thrust it into her pussy and again every time he backed it out. In a matter of minutes, her arms and legs were thrashing almost uncontrollably as she moved quickly toward a climax.  

The elf on top of the pile was having a great time, driving his cock in and out of the ass under him, when he felt somebody's hands on his own bottom. He looked back, saw it was one of his buddies who wanted to fuck him the same way, and smiled in greeting. Reaching back, he spread his cheeks the way Mrs. Claus had spread hers, and suggested that some of the plentiful pussy juices of their mistress be used for lube. His suggestion was taken and, seconds later, the head of a hard cock was gaining entrance into his very willing ass.

Being bisexual, with a special affection for the feel of a nice, stiff cock in his ass, the elf was looser there than Mrs. Claus was. After a few strokes, he released his cheeks and was reveling in the feel of his prostate being lovingly caressed with every stroke of his friend's cock as it was driven deeply into him, and the feel of pubic hair tickling his buttocks. The elf who was fucking him was standing with his feet outside those of his buddy and leaning forward. The next pair of feet belonged to the elf whose ass and cock were getting a simultaneous workout, as he crouched with his legs around Mrs. Claus's hips and his hands on her shoulders, driving his cock in and out of her. 

That bottom elf was flat on his back, his hands on his mistress's hips, thrusting up into her pussy, synchronized with her movements and those of the cock plowing into her ass. Between him and the next elf up, her head and body turned so her mouth could stroke the cock of another elf, Mrs. Claus was writhing from the intense pleasure, even approaching ecstasy, of the thick shafts plowing into her ass and her pussy. It was so fantastic that she knew she would be cumming soon and hoped for at least two orgasms. 

As they alternated plunging into her main pleasure holes, with her fucking back to meet them, Mrs. Claus's mouth was moving just as fast on the cock she was sucking. Like everybody else on the pile, that elf was moaning in delight, his body writhing from what her tongue and lips were doing for him. She could feel his cock throbbing inside her mouth and knew his semen would be spurting momentarily. Wanting to enjoy another big mouthful of delicious cum, she tightened her lips as she had done on the first cock she had sucked off, and positioned her tongue to catch it. 

Once again, she was rewarded with multiple gobs of viscous fluid, which she savored and swallowed. Even after all the gushing had ended, she rolled the elf's cock around with her tongue and squeezed it between her lips, milking out all his delectable semen, until his erection softened. She opened her mouth and the happy elf pulled his cock out, rolled away, got to his feet and left, seeking new sex partners.

The delicious treat she had just swallowed, added to the ecstatic thrills pouring from her two other holes, had brought Mrs. Claus to the verge of cumming. "Give it to me hard and fast, you guys," she instructed the two elves who were fucking her. "Make me cum really big."

They were all for that idea and even the elf on the top of the pile liked the notion. He started driving his cock harder into his friend's ass, while the friend fucked Mrs. Claus harder and faster. The elf on the bottom of the pile matched the speed of the others, thrusting his cock up into the squishing wet pussy above him. She moaned and whimpered from her rapidly mounting pleasure and loudly told the two elves how much she appreciated what they were doing. "Oh! Oh! Yes! Fuck my ass! Fuck my pussy!" she demanded repeatedly. They obeyed with great alacrity.

Great waves of ecstasy, even more massive than the tidal waves from the first time she had cum, poured through her body. "Yes!" she cried out joyously. Mrs. Claus totally lost control of her body; her arms and legs flopped about as her hips rolled and bucked up and down, still meeting the cocks that pounded into her. At her climax, all her muscles spasmed at once, before completely relaxing. She lay happily between the duo who had given her such a great time, and were intent on giving her an even greater one.

They were happy too but they didn't relax or stop fucking her. When she looked back beside herself and the two elves, Mrs. Claus noticed the pair of feet that belonged to the elf on top of the pile. A smile crossed her face as she told herself, "The guy fucking my ass must have somebody doing the same thing for him. I hope he's enjoying it as much as I am."

She regained her strength quickly after her tremendous orgasm and said to the two elves who were sharing their cocks with her, "That was great, you guys. I hope you've got a lot more for me cuz I wanna cum again." They smiled at her request because they all wanted the same thing. Even the one who was fucking the other elf's ass wanted it. While Mrs. Claus had been recovering from her climax, all three of them had been stroking their cocks in slowly but they quickly increased their speed after she let them know she was ready for a harder and stronger fucking.

The elf on the top of the pile felt his climax approaching. Like everybody else, he was moaning and his body was writhing from the intense sexual pleasure. "I'm gonna fill you with my cum," he whispered to the elf under him.

"Go ahead," was the response. "Fill me up good." The elf he was fucking continued driving his cock into Mrs. Claus, even while his own ass was squirming from the joy his friend was giving him.

"Ahhh!" the elf on top sighed; the muscles in his buttocks clenched and bliss welled up from within him as he started cumming. "Uh! Uh!" he grunted and, with each grunt, a gush of his semen was ejaculated into his friend's ass. When he was through, with his cock softening, he gently pulled it out and backed away to sit on the edge of the mattress. It would be stiff again, but not for a few minutes and, until then, he would settle for being fucked or eating a pussy or sucking a cock. After resting for a minute, he left, seeking either of those delightful organs. 

"Keep fucking me, you guys," Mrs. Claus told the elves who were giving her the delightful double penetration. "But both at once."

The elf lying on his back left his shaft imbedded in her pussy while the other rammed his cock deep into Mrs. Claus's ass. Both withdrew slowly, paused, and drove back into her as far as they could, as she fucked back to meet them both. The simultaneous penetration sent incredible pleasure coursing through her entire body as both her channels were stretched wide and her clit was massaged by the entire length of the cock in her pussy. "Ohhhhh!" she cried out in bliss. "Yes! Yes! More! Just like that! Fuck me more!"

And, that's what they did, just like that, again and again and again. Each elf, with every thrust he made into her ass or pussy and out again, could feel the other's shaft in her other hole. Both channels on either side of the thin membranes were stretched tightly over the cocks that surged back and forth. From the tightness and the way the other shaft seemed to be massaging his cock, each elf could feel his climax approaching and was loudly expressing his extreme pleasure. 

The moans and other sounds Mrs. Claus contributed made it a trio, for her pleasure was greater than that of either of her partners. As the shafts of the cocks wedged deeper and deeper into her, they stretched her openings, and the farther inside the mushroom-shaped heads burrowed, the more they forced open her channels. Tremendous waves of delight radiated outward from where the two cocks ventured, especially from her clit, which was being massaged by the full length of the longer and thicker one, first as it went in and again when it backed out. The pleasure reverberated throughout her body, tingling her nerve endings and taking away her muscular control. She writhed and thrashed between the two elves who were doing such a great job of fucking her. Both eyes were closed in bliss; her mouth was wide open, and her lips were peeled back over her teeth. Once again, she was on the verge of cumming.  

"That's it! That's it! Faster! Make me cum!" she implored them. They complied and started driving into her harder and faster.

Then it happened. "Oooo. Yes. Yes. Ahhhh, I'm cumming. I'm cumming. Don't stop. Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck my pussy. Fuck my ass." Being sandwiched between the two elves, Mrs. Claus couldn't move very much but, while her arms and legs waved and gyrated, she continued fucking back to get full benefit of the cocks plunging in and out of her. The elf on the bottom kept pounding into her pussy and the other elf continued ramming his cock into her ass. She was no longer coherent but they knew she was exhorting them to keep fucking her and, since that was exactly what they wanted to do, they obeyed eagerly.

When she climaxed, it was with a great jerk of her hips. The elf on top sighed in pleasure and relief, gave one last thrust of his cock deep into her ass and deposited a big load of semen. Although he had been close to cumming from his own ass being so thoroughly fucked, he had managed to hold off until his mistress had climaxed. He felt the other elf's cock surging into Mrs. Claus's pussy and saw his face clench abruptly, then relax. As he ejaculated, his strokes slowed until they stopped completely. The three of them lay in a happy pile on the middle of the big mattress, which was soaked with her pussy juices and the semen of three elves. Only three, since Mrs. Claus had swallowed everything produced by the elf she had sucked off. 

After his cock had softened, the elf on top pulled it loose from the ass where it had given and gotten so much pleasure. He stumbled slightly as he stepped off the mattress and, cum dripping down his legs from his ass and his cock, went to look for more partners. Mrs. Claus disengaged her pussy from the other softening shaft and rolled onto her back near the edge of the mattress, semen and her own juices dribbling from two thoroughly fucked holes. The elf, whose cock had just been left homeless, struggled to his feet and also went to search for a new partner. Knowing she wouldn't be alone very long, Mrs. Claus moved back to the middle of the mattress, closed her eyes and spread her legs.  

It was no more than a few seconds before she felt the familiar and very pleasant caress of a tongue on her thighs and crotch. When she looked at her new partner, she saw dark brown bangs over pretty brown eyes. She caught the attention of those eyes and smiled; the elf who had started licking off the mixed juices raised her head and smiled back, rather hesitantly because of her temerity in starting to lick her beautiful mistress. She learned immediately that she had nothing to worry about.

"Don't stop, my dear. Keep licking me like that. It feels really good. But first, put one of these pillows under my ass. It'll make it even better for both of us." When her friendly suggestion had been taken, Mrs. Claus raised her legs to rest them on the elf's shoulders, while her head luxuriated on another pillow, all the better to enjoy the attentions to her very wet pussy.

After the elf had devoured the plentiful semen and pussy juices, her tongue started caressing one of her mistress's inner labia. From the way her tongue looped and swirled over the engorged lip, Mrs. Claus knew she was truly talented, and that she was somebody who really enjoyed what she was doing. Darting like a hummingbird but thoroughly covering the entire surface, the elf licked her way to where her mistress's clit was protruding from its protective hood. She raised her eyebrows in a silent question, and the answer was a no-brainer for Mrs. Claus.

"Just take your time, my dear. I really love what you are doing and I want to do the same thing for you." She smiled, partly from the pleasure she was receiving and partly from anticipation of eating the elf's pussy.

Before she could decide it that meant a 69 or taking turns, the elf felt a pair of hands on her hips and a hard cock seeking entrance to her pussy. Quickly deciding to fuck first and get eaten later, she arched her back to give the unknown owner of the cock easier access and was highly gratified when she felt the thick head wedging into her. She wiggled her bottom, helping the whole shaft enter, and moaned in pleasure as she felt it surging into her body. It was one of the biggest she had ever felt.
