 She watched him from the kitchen as she prepared a pitcher of martinis for all of them. He did not have traditional good looks but he was appealing, especially to her. He flirted with her constantly and although she knew it was all in good fun, she could not help but be turned on by him. He had this confidence about him that she found so incredibly sexy. He had light blue eyes and tousled blonde hair that looked as if he combed it with his fingers; but it was his smile that she found irresistible. He had this devilish grin that made her feel as though the man never had anything but fucking on his mind; and whenever he was around, fucking him was all that she could think about. She walked around in a constant state of arousal whenever he was near. 

He was in the living room, visiting her husband; watching the ballgame. They were good friends. He looked up as she sashayed into the living room and winked at her.

"Are you trying to get me drunk so you can take advantage of me, Gwen?" He flirted. Gwen smiled back and put the drinks on the coffee table in front of the boys.

"Nah, I don't have to get you drunk, Brad...I hear you're a sure thing." She gently poked him in the ribs as she sat between the two of them. 

Her husband playfully pinched her bottom as she sat down. Gwen laughed and smacked him on the arm.

"What was that for?" She asked. He grinned and said he was just warming her up for later. She blushed and looked up at Brad. He grinned at her puckishly. They sipped their drinks and cheered for their team. Gwen enjoyed when Brad came over. Not only was he charming and sexy as hell, but he was funny too. She liked the way he made her feel when he flirted with her; like she was still a desirable woman. She had very naughty fantasies about him. She desperately wanted to fuck both him and her husband at the same time. She once told Luke that she would love a threesome with another guy and he had just laughed and told her that hell would have to freeze over. She took that to mean that there was still a slight possibility.

"Well now, Gwendolyn, you do realize that for every martini you consume, we are going to get better and better looking. You may soon find us irresistible." 

"Well Brad...that is one possibility." She flirted. He grinned at her and toasted his glass in the air and then downed the potent punch. She quickly took his glass and refilled it from the pitcher on the table. He raised his eyebrows to her and nodded. 

"Luke, ready for another?" She asked. Her husband nodded in approval and handed her his empty glass. She filled it to the top and placed it back in his grasp. He smiled and looked at her as if to say "what the hell are you up to"? Gwen shrugged her shoulders and looked away innocently. She wanted this to be the night. She had been fantasizing about this for so long and she knew that individually, both of these men were very uninhibited and very sexual. She just had to somehow make it seem like a great idea to all three of them. She figured she would wait for the martinis to give her the confidence she needed. 

A few minutes went by and she suddenly had an idea. The Blue Jays were winning by three runs in the bottom of the 7th inning; the boys were in a good mood. She decided to antagonize them a wee bit. 

"They are going to choke." She said casually. Brad groaned and Luke playfully hit her with a cushion. 

"No way," Brad said "They have it in the bag." She snickered and teased some more.

"They will...wait and see. The Yankees are going to rally and kick their asses." 

"Not a chance" Luke chimed in. She raised her eyebrows.

"Pretty sure of yourselves, aren't you? What do you say we put a little wager on it?"

"No way, my money is your money, Chicklet." Luke smiled.

"Hmmmm, well you're assuming I am wagering cash, my darling husband." She taunted.

"Oh? Well what are you wagering my wicked wife?" He purred. Brad was enjoying the exchange.

"Well, if the Jays lose, you will have to be my sex slave for the rest of the night. No questions asked." She teased. He laughed and took a sip of his drink.

"And if they win?" Luke asked.

"I'll do whatever you want." She looked at him seductively. Luke chuckled nervously. He couldn't be sure where she was going with this, but he was pretty sure she was looking for trouble to get into. She often enjoyed catching him off guard with some pretty kinky propositions and usually when she made her mind up about something, she followed through. Once, a few months ago, when they were at a wedding, she had returned from the washroom with her panties in her hand. She had slipped them into his pocket and told him that if he put them on, she would blow him in the washroom. He was no fool; and if the truth be told, he thought it was kinky as hell wearing those damp lace skivvies for the rest of the night, especially knowing that she was bare under her cocktail dress. And she kept her promise. She was hard to refuse; and honestly, he liked that she had a naughty side. She kept things hot.

He heard the crowd cheer as another run came in and he snuck a look at the television. He felt confident that she would lose this bet.

"Your on." He smirked, and put out his hand. She shook it and looked over at Brad.

"That goes for Brad too." She said seductively. Brad chuckled.

"Is that so?" He said with his signature devilish smirk. She felt herself go weak in the knees.

"Spoken like a man with very little confidence in his team." She taunted. He laughed again.

He looked over at Luke for reassurance. Luke grinned and shrugged, letting him know he was on his own.

"Ok, I'll take a piece of that action. If they win, you have to do anything I want too..."

"And when they lose," she said, cutting him off "you have to be my sex slave for the night too." She looked at her husband, trying to gauge his reaction. He just smiled and rolled his eyes in mock disbelief. She felt encouraged by that. Brad's eyes lit up and he grinned from ear to ear, making him look like a kid in a candy store. She felt herself grow moist between her legs. 

Bottom of the ninth and the Jays were losing by one run. They had a runner on each base with two outs. She had a lot riding on the next batter and she sat on the edge of her seat, breathless. Just as she predicted, the Yankees did rally and they were not about to give up their lead. Earlier, the boys had quipped back and forth about what kind of asinine things they would make Gwen do when she lost the bet, most of which had nothing to do with sex; but now they sat in silence, both of them anxious and uncertain about what losing would mean. The room was full of sexual tension. Gwen refilled their martini glasses and smiled. They both drank nervously. First pitch; strike one. Gwen smiled. Second pitch: batter fouls out into right bleachers; strike two. Third pitch; ball. Deep breath. Fourth pitch; ball. Gwen looked casually at the men. They were both watching the game intently. She wondered what they were thinking about. She wondered if they were as horny as she was. Pitch number 5; batter swings and misses! Strike three to end the ballgame. 

"Let the games begin." Gwen whispered. They looked at her curiously. She stood up and picked up her empty martini glass. 

"I am going to freshen up and slip into something less comfortable. When I come back I will expect this glass to be full, ok?" She said as she blew Luke a kiss. He looked at her quizzically.

"We need to talk, Gwen." He said tentatively. She slowly shook her head. 

"Oh no Luke, I don't think so. I believe I won the bet fair and square. Isn't that right Brad?" Gwen challenged. Brad bit his lip and shrugged before smiling at her.

"Well it appears that way to me Gwen."

"Excellent, Brad. Now be a good lad and make more martinis. And why don't you boys prepare yourselves a snack. You might need it to keep your strength up." She said as she walked out of the room.

When she left, the guys made their way into the kitchen. They prepared and ate a snack and mixed martinis in silence. Finally Brad spoke up.

"Luke, what's the deal, Man? Is she for real?" 

"Yup." Luke said with a grin. "I think she is."

"Uh-huh. So what do we do about it?" Brad asked.

"I am not sure yet, Bud. All I know is that my pretty lady has definitely made up her mind about something and I think she means to take us along for the ride." Luke replied.

"So what do we do?" Brad repeated, trying to get a handle on Luke's feelings.

"Wait and see what she comes up with I guess; and then play it by ear." Luke offered. Brad nodded. 

"Ok, sounds good to me." He paused for a moment. "Just for the record Man, I am pretty much game for anything." Luke looked at him and chuckled.

"Yeah, I figured as much."

Gwen stood in front of her full length mirror in the bedroom and assessed her outfit. She was actually stalling a little, trying to find her confidence. She had put on a sexy, black, lace up corset that she had purchased a few weeks ago. Luke had not seen it yet. The corset just covered her breasts and it was just tight enough around her waist that it pushed up her boobs and made them look absolutely tasty. She knew that Luke would go weak in the knees and she hoped Brad would too. Along with the corset she wore a tight black skirt that laced up the sides and rose just above her knees; and underneath, a sexy pink lace garter that clipped on her silky black sheer nylons. She decided to forgo the panties. Finally she slipped on a pair of black high heeled boots; the ones Luke called her "fuck me boots". 

"This is it Gwen." She whispered to herself. "Go get them." She applied blood red lipstick to her lovely, full lips; twisted her long, auburn hair into a clip; then turned and walked out of the room.

The boys were waiting for her in the living room and as she walked in both of them stopped talking and stared at her. She enjoyed the effect that she had on them and deliberately took her time entering the room. Luke knew at that moment there was no turning back. 

"So here is the thing" She began. "You both are my sex slaves for the night which means your focus is strictly on my pleasure. Is that clear?" She spoke with mock authority.

The men regarded one another, assessing the situation. She knew she had to be the one to take charge.

"I only ask one thing; that if we all agree to this, we commit to it 100%. We go into it with no inhibitions; no doubts; no reservations. We just say "fuck it" and go for it." She purred. They were both stunned, and incredibly turned on by her forwardness. The guys looked at her, then at each other, and nodded. 

She walked over to Luke and kissed him hard, her hands on either side of his face. She liked that the heels on her boots made her as tall as him. It made her feel self-assured.

"Fuck, you look hot" he growled. She inhaled deeply, her arousal mounting. He slipped his tongue into her mouth, his passion evident in the eagerness of his kiss. Brad, feeling a little uncertain, stood nearby and watched. Gwen, pulling away from Luke's kiss, reached out for Brad. He moved closer to her and she grasped his arm and pulled him into her embrace. She quickly found his lips and kissed him, tentatively at first, but when he pressed into her and returned her kiss with fervor, she matched his passion. 

Luke, uncertain at first of how he would react, found himself growing hard at the sight of his wife being touched by another man. As Brad's hands ran up and down his wife's body, over her breasts and down to her ass, he felt himself getting more and more turned on. He moved in closer to the two of them and began kissing his wife's neck, ears and throat. She moaned with pleasure, inviting more play. Luke, more in tune with her sounds, instinctively knew what she needed. He confidently slipped her corset down, exposing her breasts. Brad ran his tongue down her neck, to her breasts and began to nibble, lick and suck on her lovely, full nipples. She sighed softly, concentrating on her pleasure. 

"Let's go to the bedroom." Luke offered. She nodded and took his hand and Brad's and slowly led them to the bedroom.

Once inside, she kissed each of them again, her hands traveling slow and deliberate over their bodies, massaging their erections through their jeans. They responded by taking turns kissing her lips and neck, and touching her breasts. Her body was tingling with stimulation. She closed her eyes, allowing herself to focus on all the sensations. She was so aroused she almost felt faint; or it could have been the corset; in any case she knew she needed to lie down. 

"Come with me" she purred. They happily obliged. Once she sat down, Luke knelt in front of her and whispered in her ear. 

"What do you say we take off some of these unnecessary garments?" She nodded and he began to unhook her corset, kissing her exposed flesh. Brad sat beside her on the bed and unclasped the hair clip, allowing her tresses to fall loose over her shoulders. Her corset finally undone, Luke tossed it aside and laid her back on the bed. Still between her legs, Luke raised her skirt; gently spread her legs apart exposing her garter and her lovely, newly shaved puss. 

"Oh my God" he groaned as he buried his face between her legs. He was completely turned on and his hunger showed in the way he greedily lapped at her pussy. Brad unbuttoned his shirt and took it off, exposing his nicely toned chest. He brought his lips to hers and kissed her fervently. She moaned into his mouth as her husband began sucking gently on her clit; this sent a sting of heat through his belly. His erection throbbed in his pants; he was anxious to fuck her. Luke sucked and nibbled on her peach, and because he knew her so well, he easily brought her to orgasm. Unable to control her passion she let out a primal moan, grinding herself into his face as she peaked; her warm spices spilling into his mouth. He pulled himself away and sat on the edge of the bed.

"Oh fuck, that was hot." Brad whispered into her ear. His hand went down to her cunt and he rubbed his open palm up and down, spreading her wetness around. His fingers probed her hole and he plunged two of them inside her. Luke, turned on by watching her, rubbed his cock through his jeans.

"Oh God, yes" She cried out. Encouraged by her response, Brad kissed her hard and began screwing her with his long fingers. She rocked against his hand, his kiss only intensifying her passion. With his thumb he began to massage her clit. 

"I want you to cum for me, Gwen. I want to hear you fucking scream." He growled. She loved the way he talked dirty to her and her body responded instantly. He made her so fucking hot.

"Oh yes." She whimpered. He sped up just a little, matching her motions.

"That's it. I want you to be nasty for me Gwen. Fuck my fingers. I want you to come for me." He encouraged. She let him work her cunt, and rewarded his efforts with an insanely intense orgasm, waves of pleasure rocking through her body. 

"That's a good girl." He purred. She sighed deeply and smiled at him. She couldn't believe she had come twice in only just a few minutes; and she found that she only desired more. He pulled his fingers out of her, slow and deliberate, and brought them to his mouth, licking her cream off them, tasting her sweetness. She took great pleasure in witnessing him do this. Luke lay beside her and she felt his warm skin next to her. She noticed that he had already undressed; his erection pushing against her thigh.

"You enjoyed that, didn't you? You are a dirty little girl" He grinned. She looked at him dreamily.

"Oh my God, yes." She replied. "More please." They both laughed. She liked having a fella on each side of her. 

"I think you are way over dressed Brad." She whispered in his ear. He was gently stoking a breast, softly pinching the nipple. She looked at Luke. He was smiling at her, running his fingers through her tousled hair.

"Perhaps you could finish undressing me?" She asked her husband. He readily obliged and while he slipped off her boots, pulled off her skirt and unclipped her garter, she watched Brad remove the rest of his own clothing. She was impressed with his beautiful body. Luke slipped her nylons off her long legs and tossed them with the rest of her things. 

She laid on the bed, naked, her sexy, ample curves exposed; her long hair fanning her pretty face.

"I want to taste you Brad." She stated, as a matter of fact. He grinned and shifted his body so he was sitting up, leaning against the head board.

She rolled up on to her knees, and took him into her mouth, expertly working his cock. With her ass in the air, her lovely bare pussy was exposed to her husband. He knelt behind her and slipped his hard cock into her. She growled her consent. The sensation of her moans traveled through Brad's cock sending a wave of pleasure through his loins. He placed his hands on either side of her head, guiding her mouth up and down on his shaft, allowing the warm wetness of her mouth to stimulate him. Luke found his own passion staggering. He could not believe how turned on he was watching his friend fuck his wife's mouth. He drove his cock into her, a little harder than he intended, but was encouraged when she opened up even more for him.

"Oh my God Luke...yes..." She groaned. He slid his hot cock in and out of her wetness, trying to prevent the intense arousal from overtaking him. She wasn't helping by pushing her bottom into him each time he pulled back. 

She loved the taste of Brad, his beads of pre-cum coating her tongue. She tried not to bite down each time her husband slammed his cock into her. She felt this powerful desire to cum again as her husband brought his fingers to her clit. 

"Oh fuck, Oh God." She cried out as her orgasm surged through her body. She had pulled her mouth off Brad for fear of hurting him and used her hand to fuck his cock. He felt his own desire swell as he watched her give way to another orgasm. Nothing was sweeter than watching a woman cum. He let her bring him to orgasm, the intensity surging through his gut. She expertly rubbed him off, knowing exactly how much pressure he needed. She brought her mouth down to his cock just as he ejaculated and she greedily swallowed his spunk. This hot little act thrilled him and prolonged his pleasure for a few seconds longer. He moaned his approval. Luke could not hold back any longer. He fucked her as hard as he dared. He squeezed her ass cheeks, bruising her delicate flesh, an act he knew she enjoyed. She liked it rough. She screamed his name and that was enough. He pulled his throbbing cock out of her and pumped his hot jizz onto her ass. 

More to cum...stay tuned.