 A STORY OF COLLEAGUES -- 

So, I used to work at a low-volume restaurant in a small town. For whatever, reason, though, we had some extremely good looking girls who worked there. This is a story about my encounter with four of them. For privacy's sake, names and identifying information have been changed, although physical descriptions are accurate. 

First, you have to understand what these girls looked like. Kaitlin was a slender, tall redhead -- about 5'7", with a nice set of tits that she loved to show off. She didn't have much of an ass, but her legs made up for it. Soft, tanned and strong, she could pull you in with a single squeeze of her thighs. 

Rochelle was a petite brunette, although her hair was dyed blonde. Curly hair, slender, 5'4, with an ass that was almost as big on her as the C cups she wore proudly on her chest. With her slender frame and the fact she wasn't real tall, everything looked bigger on her. I think the thing I liked best about Rochelle was her lips -- she was a white girl, but she had these plump, gorgeous lips that looked like they were made to be wrapped around a cock. 

Lana was perhaps the most impressive of the bunch. She honestly looked like a double for Megan Fox, except with bigger boobs and an ass that would make black girls turn their heads. She was tall (again about 5'7), with long, flowing black hair that when let down reached all the way down to her ass. 

Finally was Brianna, a girl that initially reminded me of a classic southern belle gone urban. Brianna is thick in all the right places, with a shapely ass, a set of perky C cups, an ass the size of Texas and still weighed no more than 130lbs. 

Anyway, here's the story. I was working as a grill cook at this restaurant, and occasionally I would hang out with one or another of these girls after work. We would smoke weed, hang out, drink, party, and so forth. Usually it was Kaitlin that I hung out with, along with some of her other friends (not mentioned above). They thought I was pretty cool, and I was a nice guy. I loved hanging out with them because they seemed to feel comfortable around me, wearing short skirts, flashing me their panties from time-to-time, so on and so forth. But that was as far as it had ever went, because at the time, I was still with another woman, and I didn't want to ruin that.

But, all good things must come to an end, and eventually the girl I was with and I split. I moved out, and found an apartment near my work, and was happy. Of course, all of the girls decided that they wanted to come over and see my new place, so I decided to throw a little party for them so I could show off my new place. It wasn't big, mainly divided into three rooms -- a large bedroom, a large kitchen and a large living room. I ended up splurging and got a large bag of weed, liquor, beer and various other non-alcoholic refreshments and food. 

So the night started, and we all decided to sit down and watch a movie while we started working on the liquor and weed. I was in heaven -- all three girls seemed to have co-ordinated their outfits, showing off their best assets. All three were wearing short skirts, tall stiletto heels, and tops that exposed their midriffs, and I was in heaven. The skirts on Brianna and Lana seemed to have been molded to fit their hips, cutting off very high on their hips. Rochelle and Kaitlin's plunging necklines were obviously meant to draw attention to their tits -- and that, it did. They both caught me numerous times throwing glances at them, my eyes locked onto the space between their tits.

Finally, after we had all gotten enough of a buzz, we laid back and finished the movie. Afterwards, the girls got up to eat, and I turned in my seat, watching them in the kitchen as they moved around. Lana, Brianna and Kaitlin announced that they needed to return to their houses quickly to grab a change of clothes -- I guess the skirts were getting too tight. Rochelle stayed and sat down on the sofa and ate quietly, my arm laying on the couch behind her. Finally, she turned to me after setting her plate down, and looked at me. 

"You know, it's really cool, you having us all over here."

"Oh, it's nothing. I enjoy being around you girls, and you all are friends so... yeah." At this point I turned to face her, and looked down, taking in the sight of her soft, tanned legs coming out under her skirt. After a moment, I heard her say something, and had to shake my head clear. I looked back at her, smiled, and said, "Sorry?"

She looked at me, and shook her head, smiling. "I said I don't mind if you touch them, you obviously like them." I smiled, and reached out, gently sliding my hand down over the top of her thigh, one first, and then the other. I watched my hand for a minute, and then looked back up at her, and smiled, before pulling her legs up over mine and gently rubbing both, using both hands. I smiled as I heard a soft moan escape her lips, looking over and seeing her relax on the couch, her thong visible between her legs as she laid back. I continued for a few minutes, before stopping and looking at her.

At this point, I should mention that my ex enjoyed massages, and I had kept most of the lotions I had gathered in my time with her, and I felt it was time to show someone else my skills with my hands. 

I looked at Rochelle as she opened her eyes. "Look, I don't want it to seem like I'm pushing you, because I'm really not. But, you seem to enjoy this," I said, gently stroking her thigh. "So why not let me show you what I can really do?"

She looked at me, and considered for a moment, before nodding. I let her slide off me, before standing and helping her up. I took her hand and led her back to my room, and showed her my collection. She finally smiled and laid down on my bed, and I followed her, kneeling to the side of her and slowly working some vanilla lotion into her legs. I won't bore you with all of the details, but after a few minutes, I was able to convince her to take her skirt off, which gave me access to the glorious sight of her ass. I checked with her, and she didn't mind my touch, so I did work some lotion into her ass, copping a cheap feel at the same time. 

After I had gotten her legs rubbed down, she finally rolled over and looked at me. "You know," she said, "this night is definitely not going according to plan." 

"How's that?" I asked.

"Well, we were gonna tease you and what not, and then leave you alone tonight, and then come back individually to see if you could seduce us. But, as it happens, I am already horny, and I am not gonna wait." And with that, she got up off the bed, pulling me with her, and kneeled down directly in front of me, already reaching for the zipper on my shorts. I stopped her. 

"Rochelle, you don't need to do this," I said, not wanting to hurt my friendship with her or the other girls. "I care about you, and I don't want our friendship to get fucked up because we are both horny." 

"Relax," she said. "The girls and I have all been wanting this for some time, and now, we can finally do it." She said, trying again for my zipper. I gave in at this point -- I mean, who wouldn't, with a tight, slender blond haired goddess begging on her knees? Now, I am not the most well hung guy I have ever seen -- I have definitely seem guys in porn bigger than me -- but I am a respectable seven and a half inches, and I am a little above average thickness. Needless to say, I never have any complaints. 

When Rochelle finally got my zipper down and saw the length of my shaft traveling under my boxers, she couldn't contain herself, her fingers trailing down the outline of my shaft before pulling my boxers down. I obligingly stepped out of both, and let her examine my prick. 

"It's big..." she said, looking up at me. 

"Yeah, I know. Look, if you are having second thoughts, I don't mind putting it away."

"No, god, no," she replied quickly. "Just, let me work on it, okay? Don't get aggressive with it." 

I knelt down in front of her, and kissed those plump, gorgeous lips. "Don't worry, I'm just happy you are willing to do this for me." I kissed her again. "And believe me, I will repay the favor." I said, smiling, taking her hand in mine, kissing it and then stood up, taking her small hand and guiding it to my shaft, feeling her slender fingers wrap around it, and begin stroking it. I gently played with her hair, pushing it back out of her face as she wrapped her lips around my crown, and began sucking on my dick.

I was in heaven. I smiled down at her, watching her lips slide back and forth on the first few inches of my shaft. After a minute or two, I let out a small moan, at which point I felt my dick sliding further into Rochelle's mouth. I was amazed -- this girl, barely 5'4" and maybe 105lbs soaking wet, already had the first five inches of my cock in her mouth and rubbing against her throat, and was still trying to take more. Still, I remembered what she said, and got her attention. I nearly lost it when she looked up at me, but I held it together, and said, "You don't have to, Rochelle, you are already amazing." She smiled, my cock in her mouth, and then plunged the rest of the way down, my cock forcing open her throat after I felt her inhale, and then finally I felt her lips, kissing the root of my shaft, and her tongue slide out from under my cock, licking at my balls as I resisted the urge to face-fuck this tiny girl who is now deep throating my cock. I have to admit -- before this, I had not had any form of sex in over a month, so I was itching for a good night, and seeing this small girl, with these plump lips wrapped around the base of my cock, and feeling her throat massaging my crown, I was losing control. I managed to pull out of her mouth and was on my way to cum in a pillow when she grabbed my dick and pulled me back to face her, rubbing my crown one last time before I let go, one giant spurt of cum hitting her directly in the nose, another across the eyes, one in her mouth, and then she pointed my still-spurting tool down her shirt, letting my dick blast cum down into her cleavage. I nearly fell to my knees at this sight -- this goddess, kneeling down before me with a huge load of my cum painting her face and tits. I tried to stammer out an apology as she licked my cum from her lips, but she stopped me. 

"Don't apologize, I wanted it," she said, smiling, my cum still covering her eyes. I groaned loudly as she took my cock back into my mouth, and sucked the rest of my cum out before backing off. I wiped her eyes clean and knelt down in front of her, kissing her hard on the lips, my tongue invading her mouth. Knowing where we were about to head, I slid my hands up her thighs to find her thong, and hooked the strings with my fingers as I broke the kissing, urging her to stand. I slid the silky material down her legs, and then looked up at her, only to see her shaking her head. 

"As much as I would enjoy that, I really need something else right now," she said as she took off her shirt and bra. I watched amazed as I saw the puddle of my cum slide down her tits, and towards her belly button. She stood there, wearing nothing but a pair of black, stiletto heels and looked at me. 

I smiled. "Of course," I said, standing up. "But I need a minute to recharge. So," I said, leading her to bed. "Lay down, and I can get you started, while my batteries fill up." She nodded, understanding, and laid back on the bed. I laid down beside her, my flaccid prick rubbing against her creamy thigh as my hands slid down her stomach, over her bald mound and between her legs, finding the amazingly moist spot at her pussy, and gently rubbing my fingers around it as I leaned over and kissed her tits. I smiled at her again, and began licking my cum off of her tits, gathering it in my mouth. (Yes, I am comfortable enough with my own sexuality that the idea of my own cum doesn't bother me.) After getting it all, I slid up to her lips and kissed her, my mouth opening and my cum falling down into her mouth. I backed off, and saw the look of surprise on her face as she swallowed it, her arm reaching up to curl around my neck as my finger found her clit, rubbing it gently. I smiled and moved my fingers down, slowly sliding two fingers inside of her pussy, and hearing her moan at the invasion. At this point, I actually had to look down to make sure I had gotten the right hole because her pussy was so tight, it literally felt like I was fingering her asshole (except for the whole super-moist and tender folds of flesh that were wrapped around my fingers. I looked back at her, and saw her already writhing, my fingers slowly sliding in and out of her incredibly tight snatch. We continued like this for several minutes, me fingering her, and her holding my head with one of her legs wrapped around mine until finally, she looked at me.

"Please? I really need it," she asked, punctuating it with a whimper.

"Oh?" I asked, playing dumb. "What is it that you need?"

She looked at me, and I could see the need visible in her face as she whimpered again. "You know," she said.

"No, I don't," I said. "You seem to be doing fine with my fingers, baby. But if you want something else, you gotta tell me."

She whimpered, and groaned as I slid a third finger inside her, stretching her snatch. "Fuck me, please," she cried out. "Use that log of a cock on my pussy," she said, looking directly at me. 

I knew from previous discussions that Rochelle was on the pill, so I need not be worried about pregnancy. Still, I hesitated, but only to torture her. "Here's the deal, Rochelle. I have always wondered what it would be like with you (and the other girls, for that matter). You, specifically, do not strike me as the type for standard missionary sex. So, if you can find a position that suits both of us without me taking my fingers out of your pussy, I will fuck you. Deal?"

She whimpered loudly, but nodded. I waited a minute, still fucking her with my fingers before finally feeling her move. She asked me to slide down the bed, which I did, and then she brought her leg up over my hand, trapping my wrist between her legs with my fingers inside her pussy. She groaned loudly, and I thought she was going to crush my fingers as her pussy got even tighter. After she gathered herself, she completed the roll over, and then started sliding off the end of the bed until I heard the "thunk" of her heels hitting the hardwood floor. She groaned as she spread her legs again, and then said, "Please... fuck me..."

I nodded, and gently withdrew my hand from her pussy. I stepped behind her, and reached my fingers around, sliding them into her mouth. Amazingly, she immediately started sucking her own juices off of me, and I was immediately rock hard again. I started sliding the tip of my cock along her slit, before pulling my fingers out and touching her back to get her attention. "Are you sure about this? You even said I was big, and you are really tight. I don't want to hurt you."

She paused, and then turned her head to me. "Yeah, but... just like before, go easy on me, at least at first. I'll let you know when I am ready for more."

"Sure," I said, gently grabbing her hips to steady her and sliding my prick inside. I went slowly, giving her just about an inch at a time, then pulling back, and slowly pushing in, giving her a little more. I loved listening to her groans and whimpers, smiling as she took my cock, groaning myself once I finally had my entire shaft buried inside her. I gave her a minute to adjust, and even felt her legs move a little farther apart, before I slowly pulled out, and starting fucking her gently, but rhythmically. I never went fast, and I never went hard, but after just a few strokes I felt her pussy clench and heard her let out an unbelievable wail, as her orgasm hit her. I slowed down to the point where I was just barely moving, and slid my hand smoothly up her back. "Are you okay?" I asked a minute later.

"Yeah," she said, her eyes closed. "Just don't stop, I've never come that fast... ever." 

I smiled, and continued, picking up the pace a little but still being gentle. I groaned a few times, and finally, after about 10 minutes of just slow, steady fucking, she said, "Alright, fuck me, and don't hold back." 

I don't really remember what happened next. I remember hearing those words, and then it was just like a dam broke, and it was all I could do not to keep from ripping this girl in half. And what still gets me is that she just stayed there, bent over the bed, taking it like a champ, moaning and howling as my cock drove past any barriers she still had left. After the amazing orgasm she gave me with the deepthroat, I was still ready to go for a while when she started screaming, "STOP! STOP!" I think I had just felt her third or fourth orgasm pass over my cock, and I stopped, my hands gently rubbing her back as she panted and whimpered in front of me. 

"Can you pull out?" she asked me. "Gently."

I did so, backing myself out carefully and slowly, taking almost a full minute to extricate my dick from her pussy. "Are you alright?" I asked her, standing her up gently and turning her towards me. 

She smiled at me, and kissed me deeply. "I am on cloud nine right now, you don't even know," she said, practically beaming. "But I don't know how much more of that cock I can take, you just unleashed on me."

"Yeah, sorry about that."

"Oh no, don't be sorry. I've never felt so thoroughly, completely fucked. I love it. It was just getting to be too much."

At this point, I sat down on the bed, and pulled her down with me, so that she was laying on top of my legs, looking up at me. I slid my hand down over her stomach, gently tracing lines down her thighs as I looked at her. "Well, I'll tell you what. There has been something that I have always been wanting to do to you, because everytime I look at that ass of yours at work, it just sets me off. I propose you let me spank you for a while, and then you can get on me, and ride me until we both get off. That way, you can control it so it doesn't become too much for you, and it gives you something to distract you from what you are currently feeling here," I said, plunging a finger into her pussy. 

"Spanking?" she said, looking at me concerned, her back arching as my finger invaded her abused pussy.

"I'm not talking about anything hard. I'm not going to beat you senseless, you know me better than that. But I would love to spank your ass gently and continuously for a while, feeling it burn under my hand as my cock pokes you in the stomach. And I'll tell you what, if you try it, and don't like it, tell me to stop at any time and I will, no questions asked. Fair?"

She thought about it for a minute, my finger slowly sliding in and out of her hole, before looking at me. "Nothing that is too painful, and no other tools, right? And you'll stop immediately if I ask you?"

I looked down at her. "No tools, I won't be hard, and yes, if you ask I will immediately stop. Look, Rochelle, I want you to feel free to say no. If this doesn't interest you at all, just forget I brought it up, and no harm done -- we'll find something else to do, okay?"

She grabbed my wrist at this point to stop me, but held my finger inside her, contemplating what I had said. "Alright, I'll do it, but only because you haven't steered me wrong yet. Four orgasms already, and you haven't even cum from my pussy yet. I don't know how you do it."

I smiled at her. "Stamina. Admittedly, I did come close a couple times, but I was able to hold off. But anyway," I said, looking down at my hand, "whenever you are ready." 

With that, she pulled my finger out and slowly turned over, her tits pressing into my thigh, my cock into her stomach, and her legs laid out on the bed. I smiled, and slowly began caressing her ass. After a moment, I softly slapped her ass, first on one cheek, and then the other, before caressing them again for a few seconds. Then I slapped her ass, twice on each cheek, and caressed her ass again, already feeling her ass grow warm under my hand. Finally, I just started raining down blows on her ass, never very hard, but hard enough to bring blood to the surface, making her ass glow red, continuing the soft spanking for about five minutes before stopping, and sliding my hands over her ass and down her thighs. Then, she whimpered and groaned, and began begging for more. I looked down at her surprised... "You sure?" I asked.
