 Story two: Multiple Creampies Again - Teenage Girl's Boyfriend Stops by w/ a Couple Friends

This is the second independent story of our teenage whore Tiffany "Tif". This story accompanies the Katherine "Kat" storyline. The timing of this event aligns with module one, chapter nine part two. While it is feasible to read any of these independently, this is a carryover story, so reading them in order is beneficial. 

Disclaimer: Nearly all chapters with this character have some exposure to young/old, group sex, lesbian sex, ass-to-mouth, and/or cum sharing, etc. If any of these things offend you, please move to another story.

*****

It's been a busy week for Tif. On Saturday, she and her best friend Kat were introduced to 'the house'. The owner of the house, Richard, also happens to be a sex & life mentor for Kat. Richard bought the house for people in his network to go and experience sexual activities with other members. Ever since they were initiated as members last Saturday, they have been spending most of their free time there. 

Sunday was a special day for Tif. Even though they had multiple sexual situations as part of a group activities, Kat and Tif finally had some one-on-one sex time. Following that, Tif has had appointments all week with one or two men at a time. Each day, she has been getting fucked as much as she wants and swallowing cum left and right. As a hot, young, full service teenager, she is in high demand in the house. For the first time in her life, she has had to turn down invitations to let her pussy and ass heal from the increased activity. Add her house commitments to the couple lunches a week she spends fucking John the janitor at school and she is worn out. 

It's Friday now and Tif decides she is going to stay home and let her pussy rest. Up until a few weeks ago, she was always pining to get a date on Friday or Saturday night so she could get fucked. Ever since Richard entered her life, each Saturday has been a sexual fiesta. She expects tomorrow is going to be a busy day for all three of her holes, just like the last few have been. 

Tif gets home from school early afternoon and decides to get her workout in and stretching. As a cheerleader, she has to stay limber. It also helps in the sex department. Her parents won't be home for a few hours, so she cranks up the music and gets to it. After her workout and stretching, she takes a hot shower and lies down on her bed to relax. 

Just then she gets a text from her ex boyfriend who she still has "benefits" with. The exchange goes as follows: 

"Hey Tif. Can I come by for a quickie? I am super horny!"

"Hey Tug. I was hoping to relax this evening. Can I give you a raincheck?"

"Really? If I recall, I hooked you up a few weeks ago when you were in need. Don't you think you owe me?"

"I guess you're right. Can I just give you a blowjob?"

"Why don't you let me go down on you and then we will see how you feel."

"Okay, come over. But my parents will be home at 6:30, so you need to be in and out."

"Oh, I plan to be in and out. And in and out again. And again. And again. Ha ha ha ha."

While she is waiting for Tug to come over, she is mentally preparing herself to set boundaries. She has a big day planned with Kat tomorrow. Kat has an important appointment at the house and Tif is going to support her. But being at the house 'hanging out' allows for a lot of opportunity to get pulled into all kinds of sexual romps. And Tif intends on participating in a few. 

After getting out of the shower, Tif is wearing incredibly thin shorts and a tank top with no bra. It is not long before Tif hears the doorbell. She thinks about changing real fast, but then thinks it will be fine. It is only Tug. 

She opens the door and there stands Tug. He is tall and built. His look is part skater and part bad boy. That's what attracted Tif to him in the first place. Much to her surprise, Tif sees that he has friends standing with him.

Tif addresses the situation, "Uh Tug. What are your friends doing here?"

"Uh see, Tif. Well... You see they are in bad shape like me. None of us have had any pussy in weeks. It's so bad, that we're all fighting and angry at each other. My boys need a release just like I do."

Tif replies, "So you just assume I am going to help them out? Like I am going to help you out?"

"Well. Let me give you a proposal. You see I know you love it when I eat your sweet pussy. You see Nate here? He loves to eat pussy too. And he'll eat your ass. And he's got a nice long cock. You see Nick here? His hands on a woman is a wonder. And he has a nice fat cock. And I know how much you love the feel of a man cumming inside you. Well, standing right here are three men who have not busted a load in 3 weeks. What do you say?"

Tif just looks at Tug with her mouth open. She can't believe what he is proposing. 'What nerve!' she thinks. But then she realizes that her pussy is wet and leaking juice down her leg. She briefly lets herself imagine the feeling of three big cocks and her knees get weak.

"I don't know Tug. I have a reputation to uphold and I was not planning on putting out tonight."

"Well Tif. Your secret is safe with us. We'll never bite the hand that strokes us. Besides, your nipples are pointing at us and you have a monster wet spot in your shorts that tells us you are interested."

Tif looks down and sees that her pussy juice has soiled her thin shorts and betrayed her.

Tif sighs and answers, "Fine. But two conditions: One, you don't say anything to anyone ever. If I hear that any of you have said anything, I'll cut you off. Two, I need you guys out of the house by 6 at the latest. My parents will be home."

The guys look at each other and shake their heads yes. Tif steps aside and lets them in. Upon coming in, Tug picks Tif up and carries her up the stairs to her bedroom. 

In a flash, all the guys are out of their clothes and strip Tif naked as well. The guys gaze at this hot blonde with perky B cup titties, a flat stomach, and bald pussy, they start stroking their cocks. All 3 guys get rock hard very quickly. Tif notices pre-cum already jelling on Nate's dickhead. 

Tug leads Tif over to the bed and lays her down. The three guys attack her with immense hunger. Nate leans down and starts kissing Tif while Nick starts tweaking and sucking her nipples. Tug wastes no time going down on Tif. He slides his tongue up and down Tif's very wet pussy. Nate pulls away from Tif, sits up on his knees and lowers his erection into Tif's mouth. Immediately, Tif laps up the pre-cum dripping out of the head of his cock. Nate adjusts Tif so her head is falling off the edge of the bed. The angle allows Nate to push his cock deep into Tif's throat very easily. 

Nick starts using his magical hands to massage Tif's tits while he licks and sucks on her nipples. Within a few minutes, her nipples are painfully hard. Tug has a very long tongue and starts working it deep into Tif's pussy while he flicks her clit with his hand. Tif s overwhelmed with the attention of 3 guys on her body. She pulls Nate's dick out of her throat just in time to moan through an orgasm. 

Tug stands up and tells his friends to change positions. Nick moves over and slides his cock into Tif's mouth. Nate moves to Tif's pussy and goes to work. Tug comes up next to Tif and starts talking dirty in her ear. "Does that feel good Tif? Aren't you glad you let us in?" Tif nods her head and moans her agreement while never letting lose of Nick's cock. Tug continues, "You know that all three of us are going to run a train on you and dump a couple loads each in that tight pussy of yours. The loads are going to be so big that your pussy is going to overflow." Tif pulls Nick's cock out of her mouth and moans through another orgasm. Then she shakes her head and tells the boys to 'get this train moving.'

Tug pulls her up and positions her doggy style on the bed. He lines his cock up behind her and slides in slowly. Tif's pussy is very wet after two orgasms, but she is still tight. Tug has to work for several minutes to get his big cock all the way in. Nate and Nick stand up against the bed and Tif takes turns keeping them hard. She strokes and sucks them gently making sure not to make them cum. 

It is not long before Tug starts grunting and finally throws his head back and lets loose his load. Shot after shot of cum paints the insides of Tif's pussy. His orgasm is long and powerful. Finally he pulls out slowly. A small bit of cum starts leaking out of Tif's pussy and down her leg. Tug moves up to Tif's mouth and gives his cock to her to clean up. 

Nate takes his place behind Tif and uses his cock to push the runaway cum back into her pussy. Then he slides his long cock into Tif's well-lubricated pussy. After a dozen strokes, he is able to get his entire cock inside her. He starts working her hard and fast. Tif pulls her mouth off of Tug's cock to moan. Tif's pussy clinches tight as she has another orgasm. This triggers Nate to bust as well. He slams his cock in one last time before his cock starts unloading gobs of cum inside Tif's pussy. Nate's cock pulses and jerks as they ride out a long shared orgasm. Finally Nate pulls his cock out of Tif's pussy and walks around to the front to allow her to clean him up. 

Nick moves behind Tif and aligns his fat cock up to Tif's sloshy pussy. He also uses his cock to push some runaway cum back into her pussy as he slides his cock in. Even after two huge loads have made Tif's pussy very slippery, Nick has trouble getting his fat cock all the way in. It takes a few dozen strokes to get it all the way in, with Tif moaning loudly the whole time. Nick starts pushing his cock in deep with every stroke causing Tif to have another orgasm. Soon after Nick can't hold out any longer and adds his load to his friends earlier deposits. He grunts a little bit each time as his cock dumps a huge amount of cum into Tif's pussy. He cums for what seems like forever before he is done. 

As Nick moves up to Tif's mouth, they take a quick look at the clock. Still have time for another quick round. Tif starts working hard to get the guys hard again. Tif slowly rolls over on her back without any cum spilling out of her pussy. 

As Tug positions himself between Tif's legs asks Tif, "Can me and the boys fuck your ass?" 

Tif frowns and says, "No. Not today. My ass is still sore from some extra curricular activities earlier in the week"

Tug turns to hid friends and says, "You see boys, Tif here loves anal sex too. She'll take your whole cock deep in her ass and ask for more. Maybe if she is nice enough to allow a return trip, we can get that ass next time."

Tif smiles, "Maybe. We will see."

Tug continues barking orders, "Alright boys, let's get another quick round in her pussy. Let's make sure we don't lose any cum. Let's fill her up to the brim."

Tug raises her legs up high in the air and slides his big cock all the way to the hilt in one push. Tif moans loudly again. Nate brings his cock back to Tif's mouth and she starts stroking his cock and sucking his fat cockhead. When Tug rocks Tif with each thrust, they can hear the cum sloshing inside Tif's pussy. Nate announces he wants to cum. Tug pulls out and Nate jumps over to Tif's pussy and gets his cock in just in time to unload another big load inside her pussy. He keeps pumping more and more cum into Tif's pussy until his cock goes limp. Nate walks over to Tif's mouth again. Tug was there getting his cock cleaned. He moves back to Tif's pussy and gently slides it in this time. Nate gets his cock cleaned and then moves out of the way so Nick can get in there. 

Tif starts working Nick's cock hard with her hands and mouth while Tug is fucking her more shallow this time making sure that he doesn't push any cum out by going too deep. Soon Nick announces he is going to cum. Tug pulls out of Tif's pussy and Nick takes his place. He unloads another big cum load inside Tif's pussy. He stays inside until he goes limp. Then he and Tug switch spots so Tif can clean his cock. 

Tug walks up to Tif's pussy and sees some leaking out. He uses his cock to push it back in and slides just his head into her pussy. He strokes his cock fast with his hands and gently fucks her pussy with just the tip. This causes Tif to have a small orgasm. With this orgasm a little cum seeps out around the outside of Tug's cock. Tug takes a few more minutes and then unloads his second load into Tif's overflowing pussy. When he finishes, he pulls his dickhead out slowly. Then he uses his fingers to push any cum that escaped. Tug moves up to Tif's mouth to clean his cock off. 

The 3 guys are siting in various places in her room, still naked but much happier. Then Tug looks at the clock and tells Tif they hate to fuck and run, but she said to be out by 6. Tif is in a state of bliss and tells them it is okay. She reminds them that each of them owes her one. She also reminds them that this stays a secret. Not a word to anyone. They get dressed and leave quickly. 

Tif lies on her bed thinking about a shower. She is not sure how she is going to get up without spilling cum everywhere. She considers scooping the cum out of her pussy with her fingers and eating it. She just doesn't have the energy. She lays her head on her pillow to think it out. 

Just then her parents yell up that they are home. Tif yells back that she is about to get in the shower. They yell back up for her to be back down in 30 minutes for dinner. 

Just then, her phone starts ringing. It is Kat. So she answers.

"Hey Kat. How are things going? Did you make it to the house?"

Kat responds, "Tif, I am so hungry. I have been so busy that I have not been able to get my fix in today. And now I am headed home to shower and crash. I am starting to feel ill. It is like I am having withdrawals."

"Where are you now? Can you drop by my house real quick? I think I have a solution for you?"

"A solution? For my cum withdrawals? Do you just keep some in the cupboard in case of emergencies?"

"No silly, just get here."

When Kat arrives, she rings the doorbell. Tif's mom answers the door.

"Hi Kat. How are you? You want to stay for dinner? It's almost done."

"I'm doing good. I can't stay for dinner. Thank you though. I am just dropping by to see Tif for a few minutes and pick something up. Then I need to get home."

"Ok. She's up in her room."

Kat heads upstairs to Tif's room and knocks on the door. She quietly says 'Tif, it's me'.

Tif answers her, "Come in."

Kat walks in and sees Tif on her bed naked with her legs spread wide. Tif looks at her smiling face and then down to her sweet bald pussy. She quickly shuts and locks the door behind her. 

Kat says, "As tempting as that looks, I am in need of man sperm, not your wonderful female nectar."

"Come closer and have a taste anyway."

Kat lies on the bed and puts her face right up next to her best friends pussy. She notices it is wet and spread open. She can smell the familiar scent of cum emanating from her pussy. 

Kat asks, "Did you just have sex?"

Tif smiles and replies, "Boy did I. Tug dropped by before my parents got home hoping for a quickie. He had a couple friends with him and one thing led to another. Next thing you know, all 3 guys had their way with me. I must have 6 or 7 loads of cum in my pussy. You're welcome to it."

Kat did not need to be told twice. She dives right in to her best friends pussy and licks and sucks for all she is worth. First, she sticks her tongue in as far as it will go and then sticks two fingers in. Tif lets this go on until her tender pussy allows her one small orgasm. Then she pushes Kat back a little and elevates herself off the bed. She tilts forward, spreads her pussy apart with her fingers and pushes all the cum out of her pussy and into Kat's waiting mouth. Kat gulps the cum down like someone who is starving. Once the cum fountain subsides, Kat cleans up Tif's pussy with her tongue and then sits up and licks her lips. 

Kat looks at her best friend and says, "Thank you so much bestie. You are a life saver."

"Richard has set me up to help you. I take that responsibility seriously."

"But you didn't go get laid just in case I needed something did you?"

"No, but since I did, I was able to help you and therefore I am."

Kat gives Tif a big hug and kiss and tells her she needs to get home pronto. She thanks her again for the pleasant surprise and makes her way out of the house to head home. 

Tif reflects on how the last few weeks have gone. She recognizes how her friendship with Kat has changed for the better. In addition to having a best friend, she has a sexy lover, and someone who she can share her whorish experiences with. 

Tif is so looking forward to tomorrow.