 I don't know why she did it, but she did. Every day, at the same time, at the same place. And every time I would be there watching her.

I'm talking about my neighbour and best friend's wife, Kimberley. She definitely was a beauty: tall, busty, beautiful auburn hair that hung half-way down her back. She was 24, a year younger than myself. Perfect weight, not too skinny, not too large. And those eyes… god, I just melted under those piercing blue-green eyes.

I can't remember when this started; half a year ago or so, I guess. What I do remember about the first time it happened was the feeling of complete and utter shock I had when I opened up the curtains to see straight into her bedroom, to see her, completely naked on her bed, her fingers probing into her neatly shaven pussy. But that wasn't all. I felt disgusted with myself. I felt ashamed that I couldn't take my eyes away. But over everything else, I felt a want – a need – to keep watching. 

Every evening, at 5:30 pm, she would do it. And every time I would be there to watch her. Sometimes she would remember to close the curtains of her bedroom, but more often than not she wouldn't, and my view would be unobstructed. And for half a year she hadn't noticed me, staring out my window as she drove herself to orgasm time and time again, sometimes my hands working at my penis, matching my rhythms with her frenzied motion, imagining it was my cock filling her hole. Imagining it was I, thrusting, deeper and deeper into her cunt, my hands on her bare naked skin… but when she stopped I would snap back into reality. And my earlier feelings of shame and disgust would come back to me, every time, and I could never bring myself to watch her put her clothes back on. I would always close the curtains, go and get a drink or something to take my mind off her naked body.

And I would cry, sometimes.

I'm not joking – I would cry. I've always been the kind of guy that wasn't afraid to show my emotions, and I had grown up being taught that a guy could cry when he wanted. And sometimes after Kim's display, I wanted to cry. Because I was a happily married man – my wife was perfect, and my love for her was certain. We planned to have kids, and start a family… and here I was, cheating on her, even if only with my eyes, while she wasn't there. 

Good God, I don't want this to keep happening. But I can't help it. Every time I would be up there at 5:30, and even when she would close the curtains, I would stay there, hoping and straining my ears to hear her noises. I hated myself for it, but I could never tear myself away from that window. 

My wife, Joanne, got off work at 6, and would normally be home by 6:30. She worked 7 days a week, so I was always alone when Kim began her daily "exercises". Paul, my best friend since high school, Kim's husband, would come home about 7 on the weekdays, and I'm not sure where he went on the weekends, but Kim was always home alone at that same time, every single day of the week. 

And so it was today, just like every other day without exception for the last 6 months. I had just finished watching her, and I made my way downstairs, where I quickly got myself a drink of water. After drinking the contents, I went to place the glass back on the sink, but somehow it struck the side of the bench and fell from my grip, shattering into a hundred pieces on the floor. I looked down at my hands: they were shaking uncontrollably.

"Fucking hell." I whispered to myself as I bent down to pick up the pieces. "Get a fucking hold on yourself, Kevin!" I scolded myself. But it was no good. I knew that, 24 hours from now, I would be back up there again, watching her fingers slip into her divine place, listening for the moans that never reached my ears. 

"Kevin? What's wrong?"

I froze when I heard the sound of my wife's voice.

"Jo? When did you get in?" I asked, standing and turning to face her. God, I hadn't even heard her. 

She was my Jo. An inch shorter than me at 5'9", 25 like myself, fairly thin, perky breasts. Curly, blonde-brown hair which hung down to her shoulders, and brown eyes. 

"Just then, honey… what's wrong?" she repeated her question, stepping up to take my hands in hers. "Your hands are shaking. And you look like you've just seen a ghost." She continued, looking up into my eyes, a concerned look on her face.

"Uh, it's nothing. I was just – I broke a glass, and…" my voice trailed off as I struggled to smile. "It's nothing, honest."

She placed her hand on my forehead, measuring my temperature. "Are you feeling well? You look pale. Temperature's up a bit too." She spoke, taking her hand away from my head. "I want you to go get some rest, ok? I'll get some dinner ready."

"Ok." I replied, giving her a quick peck on the cheek before I walked past her, making my way upstairs, where I flopped on my bed. My eyes looked over to Kim's bedroom window, and I saw her pulling on the last piece of her clothing, but I quickly looked away. 

I had done enough harm already. 

* * *

"Good dinner." I remarked as I cleaned up the last of the food on my plate.

"I'm glad you liked it." Jo said, standing with her own plate in hand before walking over and taking my plate from the table, placing both of them on the sink. As she began to run the water to wash the dishes, I stood up and walked up behind her, placing my arms around her waist and kissing her on the cheek. 

"Thanks, honey." I whispered into her ear, my lips now moving away from her cheek and gently kissing her ear. Jo giggled.

The one good thing about my recent voyeur experiences was what it was doing for my sex life. Joanne and I had only been better in bed since I first spotted Kim masturbating.

"I think I know what you want…" she said with a smile, turning around to face me. Our lips met, one, two little kisses, before our tongues plunged into each other's mouths. After a moment, she pulled away, smiling.

"You know, Kevin, I would love to, but I really have to get this done. Maybe after…" she said.

I smiled. "That's fine, I'll go have a shower." I said, kissing her on the lips one last time before releasing her. I turned and made my way to the bathroom, quickly slipping off my clothes after I had closed the door, turning on the water. I stepped into the shower, the cold water immediately sending shivers down my spine as it ran down my naked body. The water quickly became hot, and I picked up the soap and began to wash myself.

I was 5'10", fairly average build. I had a light tan, but really nothing very noticeable. My cock was 7 inches when erect. I had short, cropped blonde hair, and blue eyes. 

My cock began to stand up as I thought back to Kim. I wrapped my left hand around the base of my dick, slowly beginning to masturbate as I saw her finger-fucking herself in my mind.

Damn it, damn it all. I had had enough. I had to do something – I had to talk to someone. Kim? No, that would definitely blow up in my face. Definitely not Jo: she was my wife, and we loved each other dearly, but I knew she wouldn't understand.

Paul. My best friend since high school. Could I – could I really tell him that I had watched his wife masturbate every day for half a year? Would he believe me? How would he react? Holy shit. But if any of them would understand, it would be him. I knew the way he looked at my wife, and I talked to him once about it. I was OK with that, I mean, just checking people out, but watching them fuck themselves… now that was different. 

But I couldn't put up with it any longer. I had to talk to someone – and if that someone was Paul – then so be it.

* * *

"Hey honey." I heard as I entered the bedroom, completely naked after my shower. I could see the form of Jo, sitting up in bed, wearing just a robe. I grinned, and reached for the light switch.

"Leave it off." She purred, beckoning me over to the bed. My hand returned to my side and I followed her lead, coming around to climb onto the bed from the side, pulling myself on top of her, our lips meeting in an extended kiss.

"Jo… I love you." I whispered, stopping a moment to stare into her eyes.

"I love you to Kev. Now, fuck me, big boy." She said, her hands undoing the knot in her robes, and flinging open the flimsy covering to show me her entire, naked body. I lowered myself down onto her, our lips meeting again, my cock at the entrance to her vagina. As we continued to kiss, my dick slowly began to penetrate her tight hole. She gave a slight gasp as the thick head of my spear made its first entrance, which quickly turned into a moan as I pushed more of my length into her tight passage, my movements slow and drawn out. Our lips met once again, our tongues penetrating each other's mouths, as I pushed the last of my meat into her, now pulling back out, a little faster than before, only to plunge back in. Jo moaned into my mouth as I continued to thrust harder and harder, my hands holding onto her hips now to steady her as I fucked her progressively harder.

"Oh… shit…" I whispered as my hands pulled away from her hips, roughly grabbing one of her tits in each hand, squeezing her breasts as I continued to pump into her, my cock filling her pussy, as she leaned back and moaned, pushing her tits towards me. We both began to moan fiercely, and after a moment more, we both reached our peak, orgasming at the same time. As I emptied my load into her pussy, her juices flowing onto my cock, I relaxed my body, virtually collapsing on top of her, her tits pushing against my chest as I finally pulled my cock out. We both lay there, panting.

"I love you, Kevin." Jo finally managed to say.

"I love you too." I replied, looking down to her now and kissing her on the lips. 

"Think you're up for another round?" she asked after our kiss was concluded.

"Definitely." I smiled, and she rolled over so that she was on top of me. 

My mind drifted off as she began to ride my cock. I couldn't believe it; as I closed my eyes, letting the pleasure take me to places that only it could, I couldn't believe it: I was imagining it was Kim that was riding me.

I'm so ashamed.

* * *

I straightened my clothes out as I waited for someone to answer the doorbell. There I was, the next morning, standing in front of Paul and Kim's house, ready to spill my guts to Paul. And praying like all hell that it didn't fuck up.

The door clicked open, and I snapped back into reality, only to see Kim standing there, as brilliant as ever, dressed in a tight-fitting white shirt and a red mini-skirt. She always dressed up like a 16 year old.

"Hey Kevin. Are you after Paul?" she asked.

"Uh, yeah." I finally managed to say after picking my jaw up off the ground.

"Well, I'm sorry, but he's not in right now… he said he had an emergency business meeting, and he rushed off." Kim replied.

"Oh…" was all I could say.

"Come in, come in. Do you want something to drink?" 

I wanted to run away. I wanted to turn and just run away, but before I knew it, I was inside, and the door was shut behind me.

"Thanks, that'd be great." I said.

Damn you, you stupid bastard. Fuck you. 

Kim smiled and hurried off to the kitchen. I took a seat on the couch in the living room. 

"I haven't seen you in a while Kevin. Been busy?" She called out. 

"Uh, yeah, I guess so." I replied. "Do you mind if I try Paul's mobile?" I asked, my eyes flicking to the phone on the table next to me.

"I tried a little while ago, and couldn't get anyone, but you're welcome to try." Came her reply. 

I picked up the phone, dialled in the number, listened to the dial tone, praying that Paul would pick up just so that he could get out of this uncomfortable situation. After a few rings, the other side picked up.

"Hello." 

I froze. A woman's voice. On Paul's mobile?

"Uh, hi, is this Paul's phone?" I asked, thinking that I must have dialled up the wrong number.

"It sure is, I'll just get him for you. Paul, honey, it's for you." 

Had she just called him honey? Don't tell me…

"Hello?" Paul answered this time.

"Paul?" I asked.

"Oh, shit, Kevin… I can explain it all, ok, it's just…" 

I looked up and saw Kim enter the room, two glasses of champagne in her hands. 

"Any luck?" she asked, smiling.

"Nope." I replied, jamming down the phone. 

"Oh, that's too bad." She replied, before walking over and passing me one of the glasses. "I was saving this for Paul and I, but if he has emergency business meetings, he misses out." She said with a smile, gesturing to the champagne. Her face suddenly became concerned. "Is something wrong?" 

"Uh, no, nothing. I was just thinking about something that happened at work." I lied, snapping back to reality as the pieces began to fall into place. I didn't think anyone had that many emergency business meetings. And he was barely ever at home on the weekends. And Kim, the trusting wife, never suspected a thing. Good God, why would anyone want to cheat on this woman? 

I took a sip of the champagne. 

"Mm, lovely." I said with a nervous smile. 

"There definitely is something wrong. Do you want to talk about it? Is that why you wanted to see Paul? Is it about Jo?" she asked, her face showing genuine concern.

Oh god, the look in those eyes made me break down, and I nearly cried right there on the spot.

"There is something wrong. Kevin, what is it?" she asked, putting down her glass and walking over to me, taking a seat on the couch I was on. She faced me, her exposed leg just touching mine, and she placed a hand on my thigh, immediately causing my dick to harden.

"Oh, god, I didn't want to say anything, but…" I took a deep breath, still not sure if I was going to be able to say what I was about to say. Oh well, fuck the consequences. She needs to know. "For about half a year now I've watched you. Your 5:30… activities… I think you know what I mean."

She didn't say anything. She didn't have to: the shocked look on her face and the slightly open mouth was enough to give me the "yes" I had expected.

"I didn't mean to, I just did by accident one day, and I couldn't stop, I mean, I love Jo, completely, but I just… I couldn't take my eyes off. I couldn't. Ever. Every night. Every fucking night." 

And now I did break into tears. My whole world, it seemed, had just crashed on top of me.

"Kevin…" was all she could say before she brought me into her arms, my face pressing into her shoulder. "Kevin, it's OK."

"What do you mean, it's OK? I've watched you pleasure yourself, not once, not twice, but every night for half a year! I…I…I…" 

I finally fought back against my tears, pulling myself out of her grip as I did.

"I'm sorry." I whispered, my eyes on the space of couch between us. 

"It's my fault." She replied.

"No, it's not, I…" 

My words fell away as I felt her hands grip the sides of my head, and I only had enough time to look up before her lips were on mine. I wanted to fight back, damn it, I wanted to fend her off, but there was nothing I could do, she was so forceful, and I couldn't deny that I wanted this myself, so damn bad. Finally she released my lips from hers, pushing me down onto my back on the couch. She straddled my chest, but seizing my chance, I finally managed to stop her by grabbing her arms, pinning them to her side.

"Kim, no, Jo is… and Paul…"

Kim's face became steely. "Don't even mention Paul. I know what his "emergency business meetings" are. I'm not that stupid. And the look on your face when you rung… I just knew it. I don't know her name, but I do know that he was the one who made the moves on her." She looked like she was ready to kill someone, but finally her face softened. "Look, Jo doesn't even have to know, it will be just this once…"

"No, Kim, I'm sorry. I can't do it." I whispered, trying to fight against my own words. 

Kim sighed, and her eyes went to my chest. Her muscles relaxed, and I knew, she had given up, so I let her arms go.

"I thought you might say that. And I didn't want to make you do anything you didn't want to do. It's just… well, those six months, that's why I've been doing it. That bastard, he drove me to it, but I still love him, and I couldn't say anything, I couldn't bring myself to confront him. We… we haven't had sex for that whole time. It seems his tastes have changed, and this old flavour isn't good enough for him." Her eyes were filling with tears, and she looked up into mine. "Jo is bloody lucky to have you. I would do anything… anything… to have you. Just… just let me know if things change, ok?" she asked, absent-mindedly running a finger along my shirt.

"Ok." I said. She slowly got off of me, and I stood up with her. "Look, don't go do anything rash. Confront Paul. There may be something else behind it. I'll come with you if you're scared, there's no way he'd hit you while I was there, I know that…" I said.

"Please, Kevin, just leave." She said, tears streaking down her face as she looked down at the floor. 

"I'm… sorry…" I said, but she didn't answer, and I turned and walked to the front door. I looked back once to see her tear-filled eyes looking straight into mine, but before I gave into my desires, I stepped out of the house, quickly making my way back next door, to my own home. 

* * *

I lazed around the whole day (I had a well-deserved week off work), doing nothing but eat and watch TV until about 3 o'clock, when the phone rang. Putting down the packet of biscuits I was currently devouring, I made my way over to the phone, shoving in the last biscuit before picking up.

"Hello?" 

"Hi, honey, it's me."

"Jo? You don't normally ring from work. What's up?" 

"Kim called me. We had a long talk."

My heart leapt into my mouth. What if she had told Jo about…?

"And yes, she told me about what's been going on for the last 6 months. With you, that is. And she told me about Paul. And she told me about the conversation you had with her this morning."

"Look, Jo, honey, I can explain…" I began, desperately trying to salvage something from this.

"There's no need." She replied, calm as ever.

"What… what do you mean?" I asked.

"Kim told me what you told her. She told me that you cried." 

"I… I meant all of that…"

"I know you don't lie, Kevin. I just wish you would have told me…"

"I'm sorry Jo, I just felt so… so weird about it. And I hadn't been meaning to tell Kim, it just… it just came out." I whispered into the phone.

"It's OK, Kev. I don't need your excuses. I think our relationship is strong enough to get through this. Don't you?" 

I sighed with relief. "Yes, of course I do. I love you Jo." 

"And I love you Kev. You know… I'm in the mood for some serious loving when I get home, Kevin. This whole thing has made me… kinda hot…" 

Oh my God. Something divine was definitely in my corner at the moment. Not only did my wife not care that I had been watching another woman for six months, but it had made her horny!

"You bet, honey."

"That won't do… I want you to promise me you'll fuck me like I've never been fucked before."

I grinned like a fool, despite the absence of others in the room.

"I promise, Jo. I promise I'll fuck you like you've never been fucked before."

"See ya then, hon."

"See ya, Jo."

CLICK.

I put down the phone, still in shock. I stood there for a moment, staring into space, that stupid smile still on my face. Finally, I managed to shake it off my face, before I went to have a shower. I wanted to be nice and ready for – tonight.

* * *

DING-DONG.

My hear jumped. The best sex of my life was most likely just at my doorstep. I stood up, brushed myself off, before making for the door. As I opened it, I was surprised to see not just Jo, but Kim beside her, looking somewhat happier than last time I had seen her. In fact, she was sporting a very big grin. She was wearing what she had worn earlier today, the skin-tight top and mini-skirt. Jo must have changed out of her work clothes after work, because she was now wearing a red top and jeans. 
