 Hello to all

Please let me know what you think of this story. Let me know what you like and I will try to incorporate it in another story.

*

Gwen and Steve have been together for a couple of years. They had met through an introduction from a friend. Gwen was a soft round beauty with curly hair, brown eyes, an average perky chest and a voluptuous behind. They were late in their twenties and Gwen had felt that she had lost her sex appeal. Not that she wanted every man in town, but she did want to be noticed. Steve was a handsome and confident man who found himself consoling her, trying to build her confidence up. Her doubts were inhibiting her in bed, and slowing their progress as a couple. He told her how he would see men taken aback by her beautiful behind. That they would watch as she walked by, with lust and desire in their eyes. Of course she missed a lot of these moments because they were, "behind" her.

He would encourage her to dress sexy and to take advances if they came her way. He wanted her to release her inhibitions and to relax and enjoy life with him. If it took her getting some attention and acting on it, he supported her. He knew that once she did, their sex life would thrive again.

Gwen and Steve are traveling in Europe and had made it to Munich. They spent a couple of days there seeing all they could see. They saved the last night to visit the world famous pub in the middle of town. The people were very friendly there and as they found out, from all over the world. They had a great time, drank too much beer, and met some fun people. 

They made their way to the train station only to find that the train and the double berth they had booked had been canceled. Paris was their final stop and was to be the romantic culmination of their wonderful trip. Having to think on there feet and relying on the kindness of strangers, they found a way to get to Paris by way of Brussels. It meant multiple trains and a shared sleeping car, but at least they could get there without loosing too much time in the city.

Getting a reservation, purchasing tickets, they ran and found their car. Once aboard they found their compartment that slept six, instead of the two they had on their original reservation. Walking in they see Reneau, a French gentleman they met in the pub, he too had one of the berths in this room. Gwen had found him very interesting, loved his sense of humor, and his enjoyment of life. 

As the three started to settle in, choosing their bunks, a handsome dark stranger came in. Gwen stood up to give him room to pass by and found herself face to face with him. He smiled softly as he passed, he smelled good, his eyes were dreamy, and his lips were supple. Gwen had to stop herself from lingering in this moment, pressed close to a handsome man. She couldn't tell if it was the pub talking or had she connected with him. Had he noticed her?

Steve had made his way to the top bunk on the left, Gwen had chosen the bottom bunk on that side, Reneau was across from her lying in the opposite direction. The stranger had the middle bunk above Reneau. 

Gwen was lying there looking toward the strangers bunk. He had stirred her and she liked it. She closed her eyes and began to dream about being swept into his arms. The car was warm enough so she just snuggled a blanket around her chest. Her legs were out and moving slowly. Her skirt was moving up her thighs, just below her silky panties. She opened her eyes to look again up at the stranger's bunk, when she noticed that Reneau had his cock out and was stroking himself looking up Gwen's skirt. Given her current thoughts, she didn't know whether to be repulsed at his act or to embrace his longing. Feeling her desires rising, she slowly lifted her skirt up, revealing soft mound nestled in silky white. She softly ran her finger across the material, then just inside, and then down. She turned on her side and opened her legs to give him a better view.

Getting hot with this scene, Gwen decided she needed Steve to help her cum. She slowly moved out of her bunk and started up the ladder toward the top. Reneau watched her as she started up the ladder. Her foot slipped and she reached across the small aisle to put her foot on the other side. Reneau caught her foot to steady her. She was now spread across the aisle, she could hear Reneau moan as he looked up between her thighs. She was getting wet and knew he could see that in her thin panties. 

She went to move back when Reneau holding on whispered, "Please stay like that." His hand still moving up and down on his cock, breathing heavily, "Please wait till I..." mmmm, "cum." She too began to breath heavy as Reneau made his way out of his bunk and stood between her legs, caressing her soft thighs with one hand, and tugging his length with the other. Small sighs were coming from Gwen's lips as he began to kiss his way up under his skirt. She slowly moved her hips in the rhythm of his kissing and let out a gasp when he found her wet lips. Sucking through her panties, he chewed his way across her clit, as his hand pick up speed. She couldn't contain her moans, they were quiet but audible.

Gwen looking toward the strangers bunk could see him looking at her. Her eyes gave away her desire and gave him the invitation he wanted. She was hanging onto the rung of the ladder adjacent to his hips. He slid down a little and began to caress her arm. Moving toward her face, down across her neck, and under her chin, he wanted every inch of her. Sliding a finger across her lips he brought it downward, over her chin, down her neck, and between her supple breasts. Her chest heaving now, he slowly made small circles around her moving tits. Her nipples growing at his advances, she wanted him so bad.

Reneau had managed to move her panties to the side and now had his finger moving in and out of Gwen as he sucked her sweet rose. He was continued to rub and pull feverishly. 

The stranger now hanging out of his bunk was moving his face toward hers. Kissing her shoulders, her neck, her ear, her cheek until he met her warm lips. The kiss depend between them, she couldn't believe the hunger she felt from him his hand still caressing her breasts. Loosing track of where she was she slipped again, her men caught her. She was now on their side ladder facing into the Stranger's bunk.

Reneau took this opportunity to slide Gwen's panties down. Reaching up her hips, he grabbed the sides of her panties, slowly slid them across her beautiful round ass, down her thighs and then to her ankles. He had been admiring her sweet behind all night at the pub and now there it was at his face. Gwen had always been sensitive there and loved the feeling of her panties coming down. He immediately kissed his way between her cheeks. Before reaching down between his legs to finish, he grabbed her hips with both hands and drove his tongue deep into her backside. He was now pushing her hard against the ladder and stroking faster than before. She could feel his hand pounding against her ankles. Her ass was driving his lust to the limits of what he could take.

With her head just inside the bars of the ladder, being pushed from behind, the stranger moved to his original position and slowly removed his pants. Gwen stuck against the ladder, watched as his thick desire grew in front of her. He slowly slid his hips toward her, gently reached out and guided her sweet face toward his throbbing cock. She reached around the bars of the ladder and cupped his round balls and began to stroke him. Thick in her little hands, she moved it across her face, over her lips, and around her neck. Parting her lips, she pulled him inside her mouth. Sucking and licking, she could hear him moan. She wanted to be good, really good, she thought she was giving him what he wanted, what he needed. His hips picking up speed as he began to thrust himself into her, confirmed her desired intention.

Reneau, spanking Gwen's ass and pumping his dick with pace, was ready to explode. Gwen broke from her sucking of the Stranger when she heard Reneau moan, "Yeeeeessssssssss." She felt the warm stream of their evening across the back of her legs. He continued his stroking till he was completely empty, while rubbing his cock against her. He hugged her tight, kissed her sweet derriere softly, and then withdrew to his bunk. 

Gwen, now free from the ladder, moved up a couple of rungs. Turned around and reached out with her hands to the ladder on the opposite side. Catching it, she slowly back up to the Stranger's bunk. It was very clear what she wanted and he was ready to give it to her. With her ass framed by the ladder now, he stroked his cock and slid it forward. There he found her soaked soft lips, swollen suckled clit and hunger to be taken. She could feel the head of his cock moving up and down the length of her clit, she tried to wiggle him inside. He resisted for a moment, then guided just his head inside and began to hump at a rapid pace. She wanted his length, but this felt so good, she accepted his gift and cooed. It went on and on, this tease of cock to come. 

She looked up at Steve's sleeping body, wanting to tell him she was desired and that she loved him for being so patient with her. 

As she completed that thought, the stranger gave his full measure. He reached around the bars, grabbed her hips and filled them with his cock. Thrusting and plunging, he was nearing his time. She bounced forward with every thrust, her bum feeling his hips slamming against her. She held on tight, he pushed hard and didn't release, she could feel the pulsing of his stream as he filled her. He continued with soft slow long strokes as his cock finally softened long after he came. She climbed down a little, reached in and kissed him. "Mmm," was all she could say.

She finally made it to the top bunk, climbed on top of Steve, and kissed his ear. Pretending to wake, he returned the kiss and told her how much he loved her. 

"Baby," she said, "Can you kiss me between my legs?" 

He said "I would love to" and she worked her way around. 

Having lost her panties on the way up, she was ready for him. 

He had heard her and her men moaning, and now he tasted the fruit of her ascent to his bunk. He licked softly and then sucked her hard. Her lust was being suckled from her folds, rocking slowly, she began to shudder.

"aaaaah" aaaaaah" "oooooooooooh" as she started to cum in Steve's mouth. 

He caressed her round cheeks and kissed her sweet rose softly. 

She turned around and told him how great he is, and that she is a lucky girl. Snuggling in and rubbing his cock she said, "Baby, would you like to cum?" 

"No Sweetie, I will have my chance in Paris." holding her close, he closed his eyes.

They had finally drifted off when the train began to slow. Then came a knock on their door letting them know this was their stop. They all got up and began to get ready for the next part of their journeys. Gwen a little embarrassed but smiling sheepishly, exchanged hugs and kisses, as they all said goodbye. It was a ride she will never forget. She will leave her doubts and insecurities to the side, embrace life and Paris. Oooooh Paris, but that's a story for another page...