 All of the stress from my job and all of the traveling on the road was getting to me. I needed a break big time and I pulled off the interstate to see some countryside. As soon as I turned off the highway, I felt better. With the weekend ahead of me, I had no plans or any idea of where I was going, but it felt great. Late in the afternoon, I pulled into a rural town. Needing gas, I stopped at the local station and filled up. A flyer on the door promoted some celebration going on that weekend. I asked the attendant what was the event was all about. 

He was not very helpful, he seemed more stoned then interested. I did manage to get directions to a hotel. Being on the road all the time, I have been in several hotels, and they were not all that grade "A", even in some of the nicest cities. When I pulled up to, the front I was rather impressed, it was nicer then I had expected! I parked and went to check in. When I signed for my room the desk clerk turned into the information booth. He was very helpful with all I needed to know.

I settled into my room and went to find a bite to eat. It did not take long until my nose lead me out to the Stockade. It was a lively place with a bar and dance floor. Everyone was very friendly and I felt right at home. I finished dinner just as the band started. I paid my tab and made my way to the bar area. 

I grabbed a beer and sat back to enjoy the music. It was then I caught the eye of a woman across the room; she smiled and went on her way. After several more beers, it was time to leave. I had been on the road all day. As I stood to leave, a woman touched my arm. As I turned to saw it was the same woman, I had seen before. 

"Want to dance?" she asked. Even though I was tired, I was not about to turn down a spin with a lovely lady. We danced through two songs, the second a slower one, giving us some time to hold each other. Her tits pressed up against me. Her shirt fell open, revealing her gorgeous cleavage. I ran my hand across her back and felt her breath on my neck. As she teased the tip of her tongue up my neck, I wondered if she could feel the bulge grow in my jeans. 

When the song ended, we parted and she kissed me lightly on the lips, whispered, "thanks babe" in my ear, then walked away with a wink. I did not let it go to my head and passed it off as a young woman flirting with an older man. I went to my table and finished my drink then left to go back to the hotel. After a quick shower, I turned in. 

The next morning I decide to see some of the local sites. All through the day, I saw more flyers telling about the celebration... a dedication at the museum. The building had just completed its restoration and this afternoon was the grand opening. I asked some of the locals about it and they filled me in on the whole thing, more then I needed to know actually, but they were nice. It started at four.

I headed back to my room to rest. I woke up from my nap and figured I would clean up and head over. As I crossed the lawn to the front entrance, a young man with a nametag greeted me. He asked if I would sign in and handed me a program and brochure. He told me to enjoy my evening and if I had any questions to ask any of the personal with nametags like his.

The place was packed. As I walked around, I stopped to look at a photo exhibit. It started with pictures of the city very early and worked its way up to the present. It was then I let out a slight chuckle, I saw a picture of the same steakhouse I was in last night. It had been operating for about 70 years and was still hopping. 

"Did you find something funny?" someone asked behind me. Without looking I replied, "No, not really funny, just coincidental, I ate there last night!" When I turned I grinned, It was the woman from the bar I danced with the night before. I must have turned as red as her shirt. Her nametag identified her as Lisa she was the museum director. 

"Well," I said, "It looks like I put my foot in my mouth this time!" She just laughed and smiled. We both could see we were at ease with each other. Lisa was around 30, about 5'8" with short brown hair and blues eyes, she was a bit plump and even her red blouse could not hide her huge tits. 

She became my personal tour guide, showing me all the areas and exhibits at the museum. We made our way back to the great hall where a podium was set up. We walked toward the front where she had me sit in one of the reserved seats and asked if I would wait there until she was done. I nodded, yes, and she walked away. As Lisa walked to the podium, she stopped and whispered something to one of the other personnel. I saw her look at me over Lisa's shoulder and smile. 

Lisa took the podium and made her speech to the crowd, introducing the guest speaker. She came and sat beside me and when it was over there was a swarm of people around her. I felt a tap on my shoulder, as I turned I saw the woman Lisa had spoken to before her speech. She told me her name was Kristie and Lisa asked her to take care of me. The smile on her face made me wonder what she meant. Kristie was a bit younger then Lisa, about 5'5" with long brown hair and hazel eyes. She was average in build, but she still had great tits. 

Kristie took over, as my tour guide while Lisa was busy shaking hands and paying the bills as it were. Kristie mentioned a party that was going to be at Lisa's place and said that they would very much like me to come. I was about to decline but Lisa popped around the corner and convinced me to come. Kristie gave me directions and I headed back to the hotel.

After dinner, I changed clothes, freshened up a bit and left to go to the party. I followed the directions until I came to a long driveway, it lead to a white farmhouse surrounded by trees and some outbuildings. As I drove up, I found a parking spot on the edge of the yard, then got out and headed for the door. I could hear the music was loud and sounds of laughter. I knocked on the front door but no one heard, so I let myself in. There were people everywhere and from ages ranging from 20's to 60's. I walked around making small talk, but did not see Lisa or Kristie. 

A guy introduced himself as Dan and asked if I would like a drink. I followed him to the kitchen where he grabbed me a beer. I asked if Lisa was here and he said she was out in the back yard. He showed me the door to the deck and as soon as I got outside I heard someone say, "You made it!" It was Lisa.

Lisa threw her arms around me and gave me a huge hug. I was a bit shocked, but I went with it. Lisa led me out the back to a large open back yard. There was a large deck overlooking a bon fire with several people around it. She took my hand as we made our way over to it where she introduced me to some of her friends. She asked if there was anything I needed and told me to make myself at home then grabbed my ass as she headed back to house for a bit.

As I milled around talking to people I saw Kristie. She smiled and seemed glad I had made it to the party. We talked for awhile and I told her how good it felt to breakaway from the road and get away from the business types, I felt very comfortable with this crowd. She said she was glad I came out; Lisa was hoping I would make it, and asked me to stick around until later. As the night wore on and the crowd died down, I helped Dan pick up a bit. He had been a good friend of Lisa's since they were kids. He saw the last few people out and said he could clean up a bit more before he left. 

As I made my way outside again, I saw Lisa and Kristie by the fire. They were chatting and I did not want to interrupt so I wondered off down the yard out of sight of the lights to relive myself. When I turned back, I did not see them by the fire, they had gone in and I heard the screen door slam as they came back out with drinks. I headed back up the yard towards the fire to join them. They did not come back to the fire but the sounds of giggling caught my attention.

The giggles were coming from the other corner of the yard. I looked in that direction but there were no lights in that area. As I got closer, I could make out a trampoline. Lisa and Kristie were on it with their drinks, trying not to spill and full of giggles. They crawled over to the side and told me to come over. They handed me their drinks, leaving my hands full and proceeded to take turns kissing me, then each other, managing to unbutton my shirt in the process. They pointed out a table nearby and asked if could set their drinks down for them. I happily obliged, setting the glasses next to the bottle of rum already there, watching them kiss each other deeper and deeper. They had done this before, their hands were all over each other touching and groping. I leaned back against the table. It was as if I had my own private sex show in the making. It didn't take long till they helped each other peal their shirts off; showing lace bra's, after more kissing and fondling they discarded them also, pressing their large tits against each other in the moonlight. 

They suddenly broke their kiss and giggled, standing up they both started to bounce on the trampoline. There tits were bouncing up and down and side-to-side, I thought Lisa would be knocked out when her tits slap her face. They both fell to the mat and laughed so hard I thought they would pee themselves. I could not help but laugh with them. Lisa got up and crawled to me. I came up to her and she grabbed my collar, pulled me close and cupped my face. She drove her tongue into my mouth, and then backed off, grinning. She cupped her tits and pinched her nipples. Not to be outdone Kristie crawled up and pressed her tits to my face gripping my head and rubbing them all over me before backing up to kiss me. "I need a drink baby", she asked. I turned and grabbed their drinks and handed to them. They each took a drink. Lisa got on her knees and they were at each other again, drinks in one hand, tits in the other, but only for a moment. They stopped and sat there looking at me. "Aren't you going to get up here?" Lisa asked.

I kicked off my shoes and climbed onto the trampoline, the movement caused the girls to bounce and spill on their tits making them squeal and laugh even more. Then they turned to me and said in unison, "Now you have to lick us clean!" They came over to me, one on either side, and pressed their tits to my face. I did not need any better invitation. I licked and sucked each of their tits in turn and they peeled off my shirt, I played, squeezed, and sucked on their nipples until they were moaning for more.

The girls backed off and handed me their drinks again. Standing up on either side of me, they both held hands and started to bounce. Now it was my turn to wear the liquor. They laughed and took the empty glasses and hopped off the trampoline to set them on the table.

They came to the opposite side of the trampoline and slid themselves on top the canvas, and slowly, seductively made their way to the middle where they met with a kiss. It did not take long for the kiss to progress to caressing and nipple sucking. I laid back and watched as they began to pull at each other's shorts, working the buckles and snaps to get them loose. It was then I felt a hand urging me to help; I did not need a better invitation. I helped shed Lisa's shorts and then Kristie's only to find out neither one had any panties on. The girls went to work on me. It did not take long until they had my pants off, leaving me in my boxers and smirked as they went back to playing with each other again.

I knew at this point they were into the tease game and it turned them on as much as me, so I sat back to watch. They took turns slipping their fingers between each other's legs, I could see Lisa had a trimmed pussy and Kristie was shaven bald. They both were wet and ready for playtime. The girls did not waste any time. They flipped into a 69 and started to lick, suck and finger each other. 

I rolled off the trampoline and grabbed the rum, slipping my boxers off on the way. "Who wants some?" I asked, holding up the bottle. They both responded by looking up with wet faces. They rolled off each other and came to me. Taking the bottle in turn, they both took a large gulp of rum. As they gulped it down, I stepped back and asked, "Is there anything else you want?"

Both Lisa's and Kristie's eyes went right to my hard cock. They both licked their lips and crawled forward. They took my cock in their hands and took turns licking and sucking on it. They backed up, giving me room to join them on the trampoline. As I climbed back on, Lisa pushed me back so I was laying flat, then they both took turns stoking my cock as they made out. Then I felt Kristie's lips on me and they again took turns going down on me. I reached up and gently pulled each of their butts closer and began to tease and finger their pussies from behind. I had them wriggling around on my finger as the pussy juice ran down my fingers. I took time to pull one hand to my lips and lick it clean, before doing the same with the other, after returning my finger back to the wonderful wet hole from which it came. They both tasted so good, sweet and tangy. Just the way I like it. 

They had slowed down on sucking and stroking my cock while I fingered them with hard quick thrusts, of which I was glad, they had me on the edge a few times and I did not want to cum yet. They each gripped my thighs as I pounded their pussies with my fingers, the sounds of their wetness and their moans told me I was hitting the right spot. They were squeezing my thighs so hard it almost hurt, and they got louder and louder until they, both went silent. They could not breathe they were cumming so hard. I could feel them clamp down on my fingers, as they spasmed. Lisa gushed all over my hand and arm and Kristie had an orgasm as well. The naked girls collapsed on either side of me to catch their breath. 

I slid off the trampoline and headed for the house, the girls did not even budge. I grabbed some beer and returned to them. The bottle clanked as I got near and they rolled over. I opened the bottles and handed them each one. They sat up and drank down almost half of it. I guess they had built up a thirst. They looked at each other and the giggles returned. Kristie spoke up and said, "After that I think he has earned some play time, what do you think Lisa?" Lisa just nodded.

They pulled me up onto the trampoline and had me lie on my back again. They kissed and caressed me all over, brushing their tits along my body. They made their way to my ridged cock, of which was more then ready. The girls took me in hand, taking turns going down on me, gripping and sucking my balls. It did not take long until I was ready to blast, and they knew it. They did not let up, feeling I was so close they worked me faster and faster until I could not stop. I felt the cum rise from my balls as Lisa whipped around she startled me, and then plunged her pussy down on my cock. I could not stop from cumming deep inside her wet walls, and did not want to.

Lisa kept riding me, bouncing up and down, until she made me hard again. I could feel her hand rubbing her clit. Kristie was grinding her ass and pussy on my face in equal lustfulness. I was at their mercy, and I loved it. Kristie came first. Short and quick, gushing over my face and down my neck. She rolled off and I saw Lisa going into overdrive, her tits were slapping up and down. I reached up, gripped her nipples, and set her off. I could feel her cunt clinch my cock then warm thick cream bathe my balls. She slumped on top of me panting heavily. We rolled over and as I sat up, I could see Kristie playing with her pussy and nipples. 

I got up on my knees stroking my still hard cock and said, "Next!" Kristie did not wait. She got on all fours and pushed her ass up toward me opening her pussy. She was still wet. I dipped my cock in and sank it all they way. I started to slow ball her at first then picked up the pace. Then Lisa had joined us, slipping under Kristie in a "69" position, thrusting her pussy at Kristie's face, squeezing and pinching her nipples. I slapped Kristie's ass, making her yelp. I heard Lisa under her, "That's it baby, fuck her hard, slap her ass!" I could feel her tongue tease my balls as she lapped up the drips.

I pumped hard and fast into Kristie's hot wet pussy and slapped her ass several times, each time I could hear her let out a muffed scream, muffled because her face was in Lisa's lap, eating her pussy. I could feel my balls tense up and knew I was going to cum but I did not stop, I kept thrusting. I pushed hard and deep into Kristie as I emptied my load into her. The gush sent her over the top and she had the wettest orgasm I have ever been part of, it squirted from between us and all over us, we were soaked. We fell in a heap of sweat, cum and pussy juice on the trampoline. Cuddling together, we drifted off to sleep.