 Chapter 1 

It had seemed a strange advert. Not even in one of the pornographic magazines - it was in the local newspaper "personals" column. "Couples: We can help you have the experience of a lifetime. Would you like to get roped in to something magical? You are bound to enjoy it. For more details, phone..." And it gave a local number.

It wasn't that Tim and Julie were not getting on, but they had been together for 20 years, and everything was a bit "samey". They had their routines for work. Tim left at 8.00am every morning for the government office, did the same sort of work, went home, got home for six, ate, watched the telly... And there was the prospect that for the rest of his life that was how it was going to be - he had reached the limits of his promotion, and now there was little else new. Tim wasn't unhappy. Weekends could be fun. Barbeques, friends. Take in a game. Holidays were always there to look forward to. But now at 44 he was at the age where middle age had taken over. Or rather, as he thought, swamped him.

For Julie it was the same. Married from the age of 19, she had blossomed into a beautiful woman, and now at 39 she should be at the peak of life. She was slim, tall, long dark hair. She could make people look at her but she wasn't interested in straying - she was crazy about Tim. But somehow the middle age had taken her over as well. A receptionist in an optician, there was little new to look forward to. Julie also enjoyed the holidays, the weekends, but she felt like Tim - there should be more.

Julie had picked up the paper to read - it was Saturday morning and Tim had gone to the shops to pick up some timber for the kennel he was making. Julie normally skipped the ads, but this time it was different - someone had ringed one - it looked like Tim's hand. She stopped to read it - read the advert: "Couple..." 

Why should Tim ring that?

Julie read on through the paper, but several times returned to the ad. It didn't seem to say anything. She couldn't make sense of what it was about. Couldn't think what they might be offering. She would ask Tim...

Just that moment the door opened and Tim walked in. He put the timber in the garage, put the coffee-maker on and made both of them a coffee while Julie kept her head in the paper. At last she looked up.

"Honey", she spoke in her normal uncharged voice. "What did you ring this ad for?" She pointed at the ad in the paper.

Tim didn't look shifty, or uncertain - just his normal self as he replied: "Dunno. Just saw it there. Wondered if you knew what it was."

For the next ten minutes they chatted, neither having any clue. They had all sorts of guesses - rock-climbing? Gliding? Learning to be a magician? Neither could work it out.

At last Tim suggested: "I suppose I could phone them. You know, withold my number, find out a bit more..." 

"No..." Julie was equally matter-of-fact. "You've got the Kennel to build, we've got the supermarket. Barbeque at Sue's this evening. Round at Kelly's baby-sitting tomorrow. Kelly was Tim and Julie's daughter - 19 - who worked weekends, living in her own flat with her 6 month old son..."

Suddenly something clicked in Tim as he heard the litany of his weekend. "Is that all there is...?"

Julie was resolutely cheerful. Somehow she knew what Tim meant, but they had to do it so they had to get on with it - no use moaning.

It was later that evening that the conversation returned to the advert, after they were home from the Barbeque. It was Tim who raised the subject. "I phoned that ad."

Julie looked at him scornfully: "You shouldn't have done that." But Julie was intrigued. "So what did they say?"

Tim paused. He obviously couldn't say what they said on the phone. It was a friendly woman's voice who had been on the other end of the phone. Tim hesitated before replying: "They specialise in organising, err..." Tim struggled to find the right words. "...unique family parties." He daren't use the word they used - orgies.

Julie didn't pick up that there might be something more as she replied casually. "Like what? What sort of things?"

Again Tim hesitated before replying. "Well, they don't give a specific theme at this stage. They talk to us to see the sort of things we are interested in, talk to other members of the family. Put a plan together and make it happen. They reckon it is a surprise because they don't tell us what it is to be - we have to just experience it."

Julie frowned. "That's all a bit vague."

Tim spoke again. "I know, but the lady I spoke to seemed very nice, but emphasised that it was special, and that we had to accept the surprise party they would give us. Um..." again Tim paused before finishing "...they will charge us $1,000 for it!" 

Julie laughed. "You're mad!"

The conversation changed and the advert was forgotten, so Tim thought. It was over their evening meal on the Monday that Julie mentioned it again.

"I've got that birthday present - that cash from my parents - which they said I had to spend on something special, something for me to enjoy. We could use a thousand bucks of that." Julie said it in such a downbeat way that it took Tim a couple of minutes to realise what she was saying, what she was talking about. 

Now it was Tim who felt more reluctant. "No, you can't spend your money on a party for us..."

He was surprised that Julie seemed so enthusiastic now as she continued. "Why not? There is no more joy than seeing my family enjoy themselves. It would be a great way of spending the money..."

Two weeks later Tim had returned home from his appointment at the home of Barry - one of the couple who was offering the parties. His wife (he heard Barry call her Eileen) whom Tim met only briefly but had spoken to on the phone, had seemed really nice.  

Julie asked him a few questions, but Tim couldn't find the answers. He repeated some of the questions he had been asked - what Julie had been like, who at work and in the family would they like to invite. Some of the trivial questions he had forgotten. Some of the questions he was surprised at, but daren't repeat. Barry had asked him a bit about their sex-life, the exciting things they had done. But Tim was sure of one thing: "I think we should go through with it. I think we should have the party." He had been impressed by Barry and Eileen and felt they were doing a professional job. "If we want to, I have to phone him back tomorrow. If we say yes he'll then contact those people we've mentioned. Eileen will meet with you. They'll arrange it for about three weeks time at their house..."

Julie felt out of her depth - things were moving faster than she reckoned for. "Well, whatever you think darling..."

The next two weeks were strange. Julie had met with Eileen and had been surprised at some of the personal questions she had been asked. Surprised at how much probing Eileen had done into her personality, into her likes and dislikes. They must have chatted one evening for over two hours before Eileen left to go home. This time it was Julie who felt she couldn't say very much to Tim about what had happened.

There were also other comments made by Julie's manager at work - about how he looked forward to seeing her at the party. Her step-father said he was surprised she was having that sort of party. She still didn't know what he meant. 

Somehow events took over, and Tim and Julie found themselves signing the contract for the party, paying the money over. The party was now like a tide which just swept them along... The party was organised for a Saturday, starting about 6 in the evening, going on to the early hours. Tim and Julie was pleased, but as the time got closer nerves took over them as well - constantly they asked each other about what was going to happen; neither had an answer...

They had been told to arrive promptly, and knocked on the door at five to six. It was then, together that they realised...it was Julie who put it into words. "Barry and Eileen have done a lot of ordering us around."

Before Tim could answer the door was open and Eileen was leading them inside. They entered the hallway, Barry coming to meet them from the kitchen. Barry commented: "Just getting some refreshments ready for later - you'll need them. Tim, why don't you come with me. Eileen will sort you out, Julie..."

Before she realised what was happening Julie was being led away off one side of the hallway, Tim being led the other way to a room where there was a lot of noise and chatter, some voices he recognised. Tim entered the room to be greeted by about ten people he knew. Julie's stepfather Tom was there. As was her brother Pete and sister Rachel. There were the two opticians from where Julie worked - Brian and Mike, people that Tim liked immensely - real gentlemen. Kelly - their daughter was there. Joe and Michelle, their neighbours from two houses away - good friends. Tim spotted Paul and his wife Joan, their neighbours and still good friends from where they had lived before. Finally Tim greeted Tony, his best friend from work. It was clear Barry had known some of these people for some time.

For the next twenty minutes they all chatted in a friendly cheerful way, although Tim noticed a slight edge to the atmosphere - people laughed more than they should sometimes. Winked occasionally to each other. No-one else seemed to notice. At last Barry came in and invited people to take their seats.

It was then that Tim noticed the seating arrangement was a bit strange - there were armchairs and settees all seeming to face a wall with a curtain across. They sat on the chairs - but they were one short. It was only later that Tim realised this had been deliberate. The only one not to get a seat was Kelly. There was general banter, encouraging her to sit on her daddy's lap, until with a flamboyant gesture, declaring that "...if it's the only option..." she did, landing in his lap and squirming in a way that Tim felt was rather more personal than was appropriate. Kelly at 19 was developing into a very shapely young lady, with her long dark hair flowing over her shoulders, and Tim was certainly aware of how beautiful she was.

However, Tim was quickly awakened from his thoughts by Barry, who had moved to the side of the wall they were looking at and pushed a button. The curtains pulled back, to reveal what was clearly a two-way mirror into the next room, although it took most of the people there a few moments to realise what it was. As they looked through the mirror, they realised the room was fairly sparsely furnished - two or three soft chairs. Two or three rather large cupboards. A single door to one side, double doors to the other. As the group took in the room, the double doors opened slowly. There was a bit of disturbance, and then it appeared - pushed in by Eileen, on castors...

For Julie, the experience was rather different to Tim's. She was led from the hall way after she arrived, along a corridor to what at first sight looked rather like a gymnasium, or sports room, with all sorts of odd equipment. Eileen chatted to her naturally about the weather, the day, the weekend for a few minutes - Julie really liked this woman and felt she could trust her. She was "no-nonsense", business-like, but made you feel like she cared about you.

It was because of the trust that she did what Eileen asked when she said "Okay Julie, Take off your clothes." Julie thought Eileen might have a special costume or dress for her, so she quickly removed the skirt and blouse she was wearing. She was a bit embarrassed, but she knew she still had a nice shape, and had on nice underwear - a pretty pale blue bra and panty set. 

"Now put these on." Eileen's voice had suddenly developed a demanding edge which was not lost on Julie. She handed Julie four leather straps with buckles, but padded on one side with felt.

Julie looked shocked. She couldn't imagine what they were, or even where they went. "What are the for?" she asked hesitantly.

Eileen's voice turned even more commanding, yet still Julie trusted her. "Put them on. One on each ankle, one on each wrist..."

There was a long pause as Eileen looked deeply into Julie's eyes. In Julie's mind a picture was forming that she daren't imagine, that she couldn't believe. After a long pause she began to do as she was told, she put the straps around her ankles and then her wrists.

Suddenly Eileen's voice had changed. "That's a good girl", she said, as if speaking to a favoured 6 year old. She continued in the same voice. "Come over here with me."

Eileen led Julie to one of the pieces of equipment in the room, a large wooden frame that stood upright on a small platform that seemed to hover above the floor. Julie guessed there were castors under it. 

The surprise of what happened next stunned Julie to inertia, and to silence. Quickly Eileen had taken one of Julie's hands, and lifted it above her head and snapped a chain onto a metal ring on the wrist strap. Within seconds she had done the same with the other hand. 

"Please", said Julie, now with a hint of panic, "What are you doing, please let me go." Eileen wasn't listening - she had knelt by Julie's feet and snapped chains to the ankle bands Julie was wearing, pulling her feet wide apart. 

Julie was now spread-eagled in the frame, her hands chained to the two top corners, her ankles to the two bottom corners. It didn't hurt, and the padding under the leather stopped the straps rubbing her. She did suddenly feel very vulnerable, but still couldn't believe this was happening to her. She still had an inkling of trust in Eileen. "Please," she whispered, "Please let me go."

Eileen replied, Julie surprised by what she said. Again, Eileen spoke in her motherly voice. "You've always wanted this, haven't you? That's why you answered our advert. And met me. And came here. And didn't fight me just now. You've always wanted this. I know..."

For Julie, she was startled. Her mind processed what had happened. Her voice was almost inaudible as she whispered. "Yes, but I never knew I did..."

Eileen walked to one of the cupboards and brought back a pair of scissors. She carefully cut Julie's bra straps so it fell to the ground. She did the same with the panties. Julie was suddenly naked. She had never been naked. In a sexual way. With anyone but Tim. Definitely not with a lady. Tied to this rack, naked, she suddenly wanted this. She knew she wouldn't be hurt. She wanted this so much. A corner of her mind asked: "What about Tim", but the thought was quickly gone. 

Julie watched as Eileen opened the double doors in the room, and felt very vulnerable as Eileen began to push the rack and Julie through the doors into the other room. A sparse room with a couple of soft chairs, a couple of large rooms and a huge mirror on one wall. Eileen stood the rig in front of the mirror so Julie could see herself tied to the frame, naked. At first she tried to hide her gaze from her own nakedness, predicament, but in the end couldn't avoid seeing herself...

In the other room, everyone gasped as they saw Julie brought in, naked, tied to the rig. Tim was aghast. After a few moments stunned, unmoving, he tried to struggle to his feet. It was a struggle in vain, as Kelly still sat on him. She whispered to him: "Don't struggle, just watch..." It was clear that among the other people in the room there was a mixture of reactions. Some excited to see Julie tied and naked. Others shocked. Other's stunned. It was Barry who spoke. "Ladies and gentlemen, please relax and watch for a few minutes. In a while we'll take things to the next stage."

Suddenly, crackling through on hidden speakers was Eileen's voice. It was clear there were hidden microphones in the next room, microphones that Julie was not aware of. "Julie, we're are going to take you to levels of pleasure you might not have experienced before..." 

The people in the second room watched as Eileen opened one of the cupboards and took out a box. She opened the box, took out a small object - they realised soon a small vibrator - and began to run the vibrator over Julie's body. At first Julie was tense, but as she let the vibrator tip rest on one of Julie's nipples they noticed the nipple go rigid, they heard Julie moan, they realised Julie was beginning to enjoy what was happening. It was clear most of the people in the room with Tim were enjoying watching as well. 

They watched as Eileen moved the vibrator to the other nipple, as she ran the vibrator over Julie's stomach, over her back. They watched as Julie suddenly thrust her thighs forward and squeeled - half in pleasure half in surprise. It was obvious to the people watching that Eileen had found Julie's ass, and had probed between the cheeks to find her asshole. It was clear that Julie was getting more and more turned on by what was happening to her as she was tied to the large frame. From the other side of the mirror they could also see Julie looking at herself in the giant mirror, half horrified, half excited by what she could see in the mirror.

They could just make out the Vibrator coming forward and resting between the lips of Julie's pussy, something which had clearly hit the mark, as Julie's body squirmed with pleasure. They were fully away of when Eileen had slipped the vibrator right inside her, gently rotating it, as Julie began to moan out loud.

Tim had never seen Julie like this before and while part of him was horrified, part of him was also incredibly excited, and part of his body was very aroused, - something not lost on his daughter Kelly still sat in his lap. Kelly whispered to him "Isn't she beautiful, daddy?" Tim thought she was - he had never seen her more beautiful.

In the next room Julie was squirming as the vibrator played inside her, moaning louder, squirming more, her body gyrating on the vibrator. 

Eileen spoke to her in her friendly voice. "What do you want, honey?"

With Julie there was no hesitation. "Please. Please, my clit, please, make me cum..." 

Eileen spoke again, this time in her more stern voice. "No. I don't think I will." The spectators saw her wink towards the mirror for their benefit. Julie was too lost in what was happening, her body squirming on the vibrator.

Julie cried out. "Please. Please, I've got to cum, I've never felt anything like this. Please make me cum."

"What will you do for me to make you cum?" Eileen was still teasing Julie.

"Please, please anything, I'll do anything..."

Eileen paused then spoke to her. "Well, perhaps you should let these people watch you..."

At that moment Barry pushed another button and the wall with the two way mirror slid to one side, and 8 feet in front of the spectators was Julie, tied to the frame. There in front of Julie were people, people she recognised, watching...

As she managed to take in who was there Eileen placed a finger on her clit and began to swirl. As much as Julie was horrified, the excitement, the vibrator, the effect on her clit, her arousal - it was far stronger...

Julie's body writhed pleasure from the vibrator and the effect of Eileen's finger, and yes, she was scared to admit to herself, the thought of an audience, the embarrassment: the idea of liking the audience being there snuck into her mind and pushed her over the edge, suddenly she cried out in a long loud moan, her body wracked with spasm after spasm of pleasure, Julie held up by her bonds. It seemed like ages until her orgasm subsided.

Her orgasm was replaced by the awful realisation - these people were watching her. Her stepfather. Brother. Work colleagues. Friends. And she saw Tim and Kelly - it was even worse. And cumming like that in front of women as well. The embarrassment was horrendous, and the realisation that there was absolutely nothing she could do to hide herself, tied as she was to the frame. Julie began to cry. It wasn't one of pain. Or sadness. She didn't know what it was. Perhaps it was just strong emotions. Humiliation. Pride she had put on a good show. She didn't know, she just cried, tears running down her cheeks. 
