 The cold water on my naked skin was quite a shock to my system. It was exactly what I needed after all the sex I had just had. I surfaced and saw the others getting into the pool as well. Walking in down the stairs mostly, but Scarlet was on the diving board. I would have been sad if I had missed the chance to see her dive into the pool. It was quite amazing seeing her red hair and pale skin arc through the air and into the water. 

"Beautiful, isn't she?" I heard Julie say behind me. 

I turned around to find her just behind me. "Uh huh." I replied.

She smiled and gave me a kiss. "That was quite a show. How are you feeling?"

"A little tired and a lot sore." I grinned.

That earned a laugh from everybody in the pool. I 

leaned back and just allowed myself to float. The water felt really good. Getting the chance to relax was very welcome. But I knew it wouldn't last long. This wasn't a pool party I was at. It was an orgy. And here in the pool I wanted something I hadn't had much of yet today, I wanted some girl on girl action. 

I gently moved my arms, slowly making my way over to the shallow end of the pool where I could join the rest of the women. I slowly moved up next to Michelle. She reached out and let her hand caress my body. She looked stunning there all wet and naked. I stood up and we wrapped our arms around each other. Our lips met, and her hands made their way down to my ass.

"Oh, to be young." She said. "I wish I had been more experimental when I was your age. But I guess a late start is better than nothing. I was pretty sexy when I was your age. I could have gotten fucked a lot if I had just gone for it when I was young."

"Well you're pretty damn sexy now." I said. "And you seem to be making up for lost time."

"That's very kind of you, but you should know that I have a son that isn't much older than you."

"I hope he doesn't mind me fucking his mother then." I said as I slipped my hand between her legs. 

I kissed her deeply as I stroked her clit. She sighed softly. I love having sex with older women. They are more experienced, and more thankful. I have noticed that younger people take sex for granted, the older one gets the more grateful they are for every encounter. 

Michelle was a truly beautiful woman. Shoulder length light brown hair. Perfectly shaved pussy. Full b cup breasts which were just made for sucking on. So that is just what I did. I leaned down and sucked her right nipple into my mouth. Swirling my tongue around brought out a moan from her mouth. 

"Now that's what I like to see." I heard from behind me, as I felt a soft, feminine form press against me from behind. A hand touched softly on my hip, and another snaked its way around me and found my own right breast. Michelle's hands held me to her breast, so I was unable to see who was behind me, but I just relaxed and enjoyed the feeling.

I felt a warm breath on the wet skin of my back. It sent a shiver down my spine. Soft lips began to kiss their way down my back. Warm and gentle. I then felt a hot tongue dart out and make bare contact with my skin. Shivers once again came over me. I had no idea who was behind me, and I loved it. More kisses, then the tongue again. Longer this time. Licking its way up my back. "She tastes wonderful." The unknown woman said. "That was so sexy. It's been a while since I watched somebody get fucked like that. It's been even longer since I got fucked like that."

"She did look beautiful there being used by them, didn't she Scarlet?" Said Valerie, in that sexy Southern accent of hers. "Indeed she did." Said the voice behind me. Knowing that is was Scarlet behind me, kissing and licking me, was a thrill to me. She kissed and licked her way up to my neck. Being kissed on my neck is a huge turn on for me. I love the feel of it.

"I think it's time we all get a taste." I heard Julie say. Michelle released my head. I stood up, and was glad to feel that Scarlet wasn't just yet ready to let go of me. It seemed that I was again the center of attention, as I noticed that the actions of Michelle, Scarlet, and I had been a nice little show for the other three women. 

Scarlet guided me up and out of the pool, and led me over to a low, stone retaining wall at the back of the pool. She laid a towel out, and the positioned me on my back so that my right leg was in the grass and my left was hanging off the side of the wall and just barely touching the ground. 

Scarlet bent over me. Looking me deep in the eyes. Her soft lips met mine. I wrapped my arms around her. Pulling her close to me. Our breasts pressing against each others. She broke the kiss and began kissing and licking her way down my body. Pausing at my breasts, she licked them, and gently bit them, causing me to moan loudly. She continued down my stomach until she was kissing the area around my pussy. I looked down at her, and she looked up at me with her green eyes, looking through her red hair that was falling down around her face. She looked into my eyes as that amazing tongue of hers licked up the lips of my pussy.

The feeling was like an electric shock. It made me jerk. It felt so good. After getting fucked so hard earlier, the gentleness of her tongue washed the soreness away. She moved her tongue up and down. Up my wet slit, around my clit, and back down she went. She had me breathing heavily, my pussy was burning hot and I was wanting to cum. 

Then she stopped. She looked up at me and said, "I guess somebody else should get a turn." 

She let out a slightly sarcastic sigh, smiled, and then got up from between my legs. As she moved away, Susan moved to take her place. She too went slowly and gently with me. Taking her time with my pussy. Savoring and enjoying it. Prolonging the buildup to my orgasm. 

The feeling was fantastic. My hand was on Susan's head, pressing her mouth tighter against my pussy. Michelle leaned down and kissed me. She pulled my hand away from Susan's head and told me to let her work. She moved up, positioning her pussy above my face, and said, "Let's see if your mouth is as good on my pussy as it was on my tit." And with that, she lowered herself down onto me. 

The scent of her filled my nose as I pushed my tongue into her. I heard her moan and she began to rock her hips back and forward. Grinding her pussy onto my face. My hands grabbed her hips, and I felt one of her hands grabbing my hair. I was coming very close to my orgasm, and I wanted it so bad, but once again, the mouth working on my pussy left me.

But once again it was soon replaced by another. Whose it was, I do not know, but it felt fantastic. It took just a moment for me to cum, I had been built up to it for so long it came like a bombshell. I began to shake and cry out into Michelle's pussy. The added stimulation caused her to have her own orgasm. She cried out and shook violently on top of me. When she was done she rolled off of me into the grass. I looked down and saw Julie kissing me gently around my pussy, letting me calm down. 

I was breathing heavily, and needed a bit of a rest, but that's not what I got. Valerie had other ideas though. She climbed on top of me, and got into a 69 position on me. She lowered her self onto me, and quickly began to work on my pussy. It felt wonderful. She was very talented with her tongue. I put my hands on her ass, and pulled her down against me. I licked for all I was worth. I suddenly wanted to make another woman cum. I could feel her hair on my legs moving around as she licked me and hard and as fast as possible. I could feel another orgasm coming on. I welcomed it and wanted it so bad. 

But then the worst thing possible happened.

"COME AND GET IT!!!" Mark cried out.

Groans and sighs came from all the women. Valerie reluctantly climbed off of me. She took me by the hand, helping me up, and said, "We will have to finish that sometime soon." I smiled. "Most definitely." 

We gathered around the patio. The guys had cooked up a grilled feast. Hamburgers, hotdogs, brats, chips and everything needed to go on them. I grabbed a burger and a brat; I had worked up quite an appetite with my earlier activities. I sat on a bench next to Scarlet and Ben was on the other side of her. We three talked a bit. 

Surprisingly not about sex. That changed when Ben said, "You two ladies look good when you have wieners in your mouths." Scarlet nearly choked on her hotdog, and I burst out laughing. 

"I've had plenty of practice." I told him. 

"Have you?" 

"Mm hmm."

"How many?" He asked me.

"You didn't think you were my first, did you?" I asked him.

"Well no."

"Did you think you were in my first hundred?"

Both he and Scarlet gave me surprised looks. "Really?" Ben asked.

"Really. I love putting wieners in my mouth." I smiled and took a bite of my brat as seductively as possible. 

After I finished eating my lunch, I told everybody that I needed to rest for a while. They said I earned it, and I made my way upstairs. I found one of the guest bedrooms, pulled back the covers on the bed, and slid between the sheets. I was so warm and comfortable; I quickly drifted off to sleep while thinking of what a wonderful day my birthday had been. 

I was awoken some time later by somebody sliding into bed behind me. Definitely female. I could feel her breasts pressed against my back. Her arm wrapped around me, pulling me close to her. Our legs intertwined with one another. "Hello." I said. "Hello back." came the reply in Valerie's sexy accent. I rolled over and we kissed. My hands found their ways to her cute little b cup breasts. She told me that I had been asleep for nearly 45 minutes. I asked her where she was from, and she told me about growing up in rural Alabama. 

She said she grew up in a rural town in southern Alabama. The town was mostly black, and white families were in the minority there. Her father was a mechanic there, and he was a huge racist. Hated black people more than anything else. Her family even went to church in another town because the local ones weren't white enough for her father. This racism and living in a town where white was a minority made dating hard for her. She had had only one boyfriend, and they had only had sex a few times. Always uncomfortable. Always in the back of his truck. Always over too fast.

At 19 she left home for Nashville. Since she was 8 she had been in the church choir. She was sure she could make it as a country star. Fame didn't come fast, but that was ok. She worked at a Piggly Wiggly downtown to make ends meet until she made it big. It was at work where she met a guy who would show her how great sex could be. It was on their first date that she got a bit tipsy and became open to his advances. And she fell in love. Not with him of course, but with sex. They called themselves boyfriend and girlfriend, but they were really fuck buddies. Their dates rarely left his or her apartment, and her sexual appetite grew and grew. 

Now he didn't mind this too much, but she actually became more than he could handle. He confessed to her his enjoyment of group sex. She was shocked. She had never even thought about having sex with multiple people at the same time. She was intrigued though. And she came harder than ever before when he fucked her while describing how he would fuck her while another man fucked her mouth. 

Two days later she had her first threesome. Her boyfriend brought over one of his coworkers who helped him fuck her senseless. And she loved it all. They made these threesomes a weekly occurrence. Then one night he took her to a swingers club here in town. She saw everything there. Men and women going at it everywhere. Women having sex together was a surprising turn on for her. She had never even considered trying it before, but now watching it live made her wonder. And she also saw the thing that would change her life. She saw for the first time ever, a naked black man. 

She knew she had to get fucked by a black man and it had to happen that night. They undressed and joined in on the fun. She was a bit afraid to try going down on a woman, but she was talked into kissing one, and then let her pussy get eaten out by one. 

Her boyfriend noticed that she was staring at the black men there, and asked her if she wanted to try one. She was nervous because of her upbringing, but she really wanted to try. Her boyfriend called one over, and he introduced himself. He seemed nice enough, and after shaking his hand she reached out and took a hold of his cock. It wasn't the size of his cock that turned her on. It wasn't incredibly huge. It was the color. It looked so dark when she slowly pumped her hand up and down its length. She stuck her tongue out and gave the tip a tiny lick. It was then that she realized it wouldn't hurt her, and she sucked as much of it as she could into her mouth.

She then became what she now gladly called herself. She became a "black cock whore". She didn't turn into a girl who only fucked black men, but they turned her on the most. If she had a choice, she would choose black cock over any other. Black men were turned on by her small body, her cute face, her sexy accent, and they love the fact that they were fucking the daughter of a ignorant, racist, redneck most of all. The idea of the forbidden fruit was too good of an idea for her or her partners to pass up on. 

Her story was such a turn on. I had begun rubbing myself as she told it to me. She told me that she had also learned to love women. And that she had come up there to finish where we had left off when we were outside. She climbed on top of me and settled back down in the 69 position we had been in earlier. It was just a few minutes before were interrupted by a knock at the door. Valerie raised her head from my pussy and told whoever was at the door to come in. I heard Marks familiar voice acting surprised at what he had found.

I couldn't see him, but I could feel Mark climb onto the bed with us. His legs brushed against the inside of my own legs, and I felt Valerie's mouth leave my pussy. Her hair rhythmically moved against my legs, and I knew she was sucking his cock. I continued to lick her pussy for a few minutes before I felt her sliding back a bit. She was kindly making room for Mark to slide his cock into me. He went nice and slow, and she twisted her head to the side so that she could continue to lick my clit as he fucked me. The teamwork they were using on me quickly pushed me to another orgasm. As I moaned, Valerie pushed her pussy harder down onto my face and ground it into my mouth. 

When I had finished cumming, Mark pulled out of me, and I could tell he had Valerie clean him off. He moved around to the side of us and looked over Valerie's ass at me. I could see him above me smiling. He began to caress Valerie's ass, and watched me lick her. He continued around until his knees where on either side of my head. His cock stuck out over my face, and his balls hung down, and both were wet from my pussy and Valerie's mouth. 

He used his hand to angle his cock down and guided it into my waiting mouth. At this angle he can get nearly all of his cock into my mouth, and I feel him getting close to shoving it down my throat. He can see it is getting hard for me to breathe, so he pulls out. I know he isn't there just to fuck my mouth, so I reach up and spread Valerie's ass cheeks apart. She knows what is coming too, and she lifts her ass up a bit off of me, and gives Mark better access. He positions his cock at the entrance of her pussy, and slowly guides it in. 

I have often been in this position. On the bottom of a 69 while the girl on top gets fucked. I have never tired of it either. I love seeing a wet pussy stretch as a hard cock slides into it. And being so close you can see and hear every beautifully obscene sight and sound. 

Mark started out slow, but, like most men, he quickly started fucking her hard and fast. I alternated between licking her clit and his shaft as he pumped in and out of her. His balls were hitting me in the face every time he thrust into her. I could tell that they were both close to cumming. So I reached up under her to rub her clit with my fingers, and I focused my tongue on his cock. The fucking and fingering caused Valerie to cum violently. Her entire body began to shake, she cried out, and I could see her pussy rapidly tighten and relax around Mark's cock. It was then Mark's turn to cum. He thrust hard and deep into Valerie and held himself there. I took one of his balls into my mouth, sucking hard and swirling my tongue around it. He groaned and his cock twitched as he shot his load into Valerie. 

When he finally relaxed and pulled out of her, I could see his cum start to leak out of her well fucked pussy. I took a long lick up the length of her slit and licked up the cum that had begun to leak out. I swallowed it and then put my mouth over her hole and began to suck. She squealed with delight at the attention her freshly fucked pussy was getting. I pushed my tongue into her and licked out all the cum I could. Their cum mixed together tasted so good. 

Valerie turned around on top of me, and we kissed passionately. She pushed her tongue into my mouth wanting to taste hers and Marks cum mixed together. Mark stayed and watched us kissing for a few minutes, but then interrupted, "Valerie. It's time we take Christine down stairs for her big present."

I turned to look at Mark, "You got me a present?"

"You could say that."

"What did you get me?"

"Come and see." Was his answer.

He left the room, and Valerie got off of the bed and helped me up. As we walked arm in arm down the stairs I asked her, "Do you know what he got me?"

"Mmm Hmm." 

"What is it?"

"It's in the living room."

We walked to the living room and I was slightly confused by what I saw. In the middle of the room was one of their large arm chairs. It had several towels folded up and laid in the seat. Behind the chair was one of those large oval mirrors on a stand. It was the kind that can be leaned back and forward for the benefit of whoever is standing in front of it. On either side of the mirror were chairs. Three on one side and two on the other. Julie, Susan, Michelle, and Scarlet were sitting in the chairs which left one empty. All the men were standing off to the side of the chair waiting for something. 

Valerie led me into the room, and took me over to the chair in the middle of the room. Julie got up and met us there. "This here" she said, resting her hand on the arm chair "is the birthday girl's chair." She told me to sit down, but when I did everybody smiled and some giggled. "No honey," Julie said "sit in it facing the other way." She turned me around and got me into the chair so I had my knees on the seat and my hands were on top of the back. I looked into the mirror behind the chair and saw myself on the chair and most of the room behind me. 

Julie and Valerie took their seats beside the mirror and I noticed the men gathering behind me. It was then that I realized that my present was taking all these men in turn. They would each fuck me from behind and I would get to watch it all through the mirror. They gathered in closer. I swayed my ass from side to side. I have always liked it when people look lustfully at my body, and now I was super turned on. I looked at them as I pushed my ass out further. I was more ready to get fucked that I had been all day. I had eight men behind me ready to fuck me till they all cum, and I had five beautiful women in front of me ready to watch. 

Mark stepped up behind me. I could see him looking into my eyes through the mirror. His hand found its way between my legs and he began to rub my pussy. "You understand we are going to fuck you one after the other right?" he asked me. I just nodded my head. "Good girl." He said. "I know you have been eying Evan's freakishly huge cock." Everybody in the room laughed. "but we're going to make you wait for that. Every woman here knows how great it feels, and every man knows he will ruin you for us if he goes first." More laughter, but the laughter came because everybody knew that Mark was right. He slid his fingers inside of me, turned to the rest of the men in the room, and said, "She is very ready. So who goes first?"
