 Graham moved to the side taking a seat on one of the sofas. 

Tracey and myself were still stood in the centre of the room, all eyes fixed upon us. She was completely naked except for her white, wedge style heels. I had my very slutty, spiked, black heels and seamed, nylon stockings with matching black suspender belt still on. We had managed to clean each other of most of Graham's cum. There was the odd drip still on my stocking and one slithering trail in between Tracey's big tits.

All of the other guys were now completely naked, and all had either fully erect pricks or semi hard ons.

With a quick movement, Reg and Steven made a playful grab for Tracey. Steven planted a big kiss on her lips as his uncle began to feel her big tits with his hands, and then as his nephew was tonguing my friend's mouth, he began to suck her massive knockers.

I was watching whilst I had Gary and Hamish feeling my ass and tits up. 

"Go on son, get your tongue down the dirty fucking bitches throat!" Reg instructed.

Tracey spread her legs wide apart as Reg continued sucking her tits, and then he ran his hand across her flat stomach and began playing with her bald fanny.

"Get a couple of fingers up me please," Tracey almost begged to the old uncle in between kissing his young nephew.

I was now been treated to a finger banging of my own by Hamish, with my own, stocking clad legs spread wide, standing upright in the middle of the room.

Frank, Bill and Fred were standing smiling, playing with their dicks watching the action.

I turned to plant a big, wet, sloppy kiss on Hamish using my tongue to lick around his lips, and then I opened my mouth wider to allow this much older man to tongue me as well. His hand was now also at my rock hard clit.

My tits were being given a good mauling by Gary as he pulled roughly at my nipples making them very hard.

"Slap my fucking tits!" I said as he roughly used my breasts as playthings. "Go on, really fucking slap them. Get my nipples really stiff you dirty cunt," I urged.

On looking across at Tracey I could see she had now dropped to her knees and had two stiff cocks at her beautiful face. The uncle and nephew combination where now being alternately sucked off by Tracey. Whilst Steven had his cock pumping in and out my friend's mouth, his uncle was slapping her cheeks with his hard-on.

"Go on son feed the fucking bitch!" he said loudly to his younger nephew. 

Tracey tried to respond to this with a mouthful of cock but all she could do was mumble encouragement. Steven withdrew his length from her mouth, giving Tracey enough time to tell them both to, 'slap her fucking face,' with their hard ons.

The state of my friend being fed two hard cocks had me absolutely soaking wet.

I now wanted cock of my own.

"Give me your cocks too!" I said to both Hamish and Gary. "Treat me the way Tracey is being used. I want your cocks all over my face."

I now got down side by side with my best friend, and we both got to work on the four hard ons in front of us. For the next few minutes our faces were slapped and our mouths stuffed with the delicious hard cocks. Once Gary and Hamish had stuffed my mouth with their hard cocks it was time to swap around, and my turn to sample the nephew and uncle combination.

I looked at Reg as I began to lick his young nephew's cock. He smiled at me telling me how much he was enjoying the evening.

I spat on his nephew's cock and then proceeded to lick the spit all around his full length and over his shiny purple head.

Tracey reciprocated on Hamish and Gary, spitting on their cocks and sucking one whilst receiving a face slapping from the other. Reg was now deep in my mouth making me slightly gag, causing my spit to run out of my mouth and down onto my chin, neck and down onto my tits.

On withdrawing his long cock, it was covered in spit and strings of my saliva. Drips from his raging hard-on and my spittal were running all down my chin, smearing my lipstick all over my face. I smiled at Tracey and she smiled back at me.

"Aren't their cocks fucking lush?" I asked.

She replied quickly, "Fucking gorgeous babe. I'm so fucking wet it's untrue!" Her face was now dripping with sticky spit too as we both devoured the rampant tools we were being gifted.

We both worshipped and sucked for a good ten minutes, alternating between the four guys and absolutely covering their balls and shafts in more spit and saliva.

It was then time for a good fucking for both me and my best friend.

We knelt doggystyle on the floor beside each other as Reg and Steven began working on Tracey, and I had Gary and Hamish working on myself.

At first Steven was at Tracey's face, again feeding her his hard cock as his uncle placed himself behind my friend and slowly teased my big, buxom, blonde friends pussy with his cockhead.

She turned her head slightly in-between gobbling on the young guys cock, and told the old uncle to get his, 'fucking hard cock deep in her pussy.'

I smiled and told her she was, 'a right dirty bitch!' to which she laughed and said, 'takes one to know one!' just as Reg slammed his full length right up my friends fanny.

The uncle and nephew then began fucking Tracey hard in a doggy style fashion. Her blonde hair being tugged by the dirty old bastard screwing her.

I was now being treated exactly the same, with Hamish behind me banging my pussy whilst pulling at my hair and slapping my arse as Gary was feeding me his cock deep into my mouth.

The screwing continued for about another ten minutes with Reg pistoning in and out of Tracey and me being banged hard by Hamish.

The guys then changed around, with Gary slipping his length easily up my freshly fucked pussy, I was so wet he slipped right up me in a single stroke. Hamish was now feeding me his throbbing, slimy cock, which was coated in my own cream and fanny juice.

Tracey was now being fucked really hard by Steven, her big tits swinging as she took the pounding. She was sucking as best as she could on his Uncle Reg at the same time.

After a few minutes of this it was time for the guys to swap again, this time I had the delight of sucking hard on Steven's cock which tasted of Tracey, while his uncle was easing his cock length up my wide, open, wet ,married fanny.

Tracey was at my side sucking on Gary, tasting my cunt juice on his cock, while being screwed hard by Hamish.

As I was being pounded harder by Steven, he began slapping my ass quite hard. "You like that you dirty fucking married whore don't you!" he said to me as he continued to slap my arse, stinging my cheeks.

I withdrew his uncles cock from my mouth, streams of spit clinging to my chin and told him, "Yes I do! Spank my arse and bang my fucking wet cunt you dirty bastard."

Tracey was ordering Hamish to, 'fuck her hard,' and as we both let forth a torrent of filth and disgusting language, the guys all announced they were about to cum.

I wanted spunk up my fanny so told Steven to, 'cum up me,' as he began to unload his balls. Reg then began to flood my mouth with his cum at the same time. I tried to swallow his delicious cumload, but some of it spilled out from the side of my mouth, in between the thrusting of his cock. I was being spunked from both ends and loving it. 

My mouth dripped salty jizz onto my chin and lips.

Tracey was now receiving spurts of spunk all over her tanned ass and back, as Hamish had withdrawn from her pussy and was finishing off all over my friend. At her face Gary had completely withdrawn his cock from her mouth and was now fisting it hard, sending several jets of spunk flying right into Tracey's pretty face, coating her cheeks, nose, lips and a couple of sprays hitting her neck. Her face was a gooey delight, covered in thick white spunk.

Once the four guys had finished unloading all over us they were quickly replaced by by the men who had been watching.

Frank and Bill began fucking Tracey. I knew they couldn't wait to have some fun with my big busted friend, and expected them to make a beeline straight for her. Bill slid his length up her from behind. Her arse and back still glistening with cum. Frank fed his cock into her mouth, her face still plastered and dripping with the spunk load from Gary.

I had Fred and Peter both at my face. I was sucking on them alternately coating both of their cocks with the remnants of Reg's jism.

Then very quickly, I was moved to one of the chairs, with Fred taking a seat on one and me planting myself on top of him guiding his cock up my fanny. I bounced up and down on his cock for a few strokes before he told me he wanted to fuck my arsehole.

Tracy was still receiving a pounding doggystyle on the floor, her face totally covered in cum and Bill banging her hard from behind. Her massive tits swinging, and her spunk adorned face looking a dream, with Frank slapping his cock all over it.

I had withdrawn Freds cock from up my pussy and he slowly began teasing my arsehole with his cockhead. I winced a wee bit as his bulbous head opened my ass up ,and then slowly slid the first few inches of his hard on up my arse. Peter moved in front of us and began playing with my clit with his fingers. I knew exactly what the dirty buggers were going to do. 

I was going to be double penetrated.

Peter slowly slid two fingers up me, I could feel them wriggling in me at the same time as having Freds cock stuffed up my arse. He then placed a third, then a fourth finger up me and began to ream me out harder.

Freds hard cock was now fully up my asshole, his balls banging my cheeks as I slowly slid up and down his shaft. 

"Go on lads. Double fuck the slut!" I could hear Graham urging from the side. 

Peter had been rubbing my clit and had his four fingers up me to get me open and soaking in readiness for his cock. My legs were picked up by Peter as he got into position and slowly began to tease my pussy with his cock.

"Go on fuck it!" I urged. "Fuck it, fuck my cunt and arse you dirty bastards!" I said loudly.

I was now acting like a full on slut and loving it. The tastes, sounds and smells of sex filled the room and I was wanting fucked hard.

I could see Tracey still receiving the spit roast across the room, but the guys had changed around, so it was now Frank that was up my friend from behind, and Bill who was being treated to a wonderful cocksucking from my spunk covered friend.

Peter teased my clit and hole with his purple bellend before slowly slipping an inch at a time of his cock up me. I gasped as finally his full shaft was plunged up my soaking wet fanny. I was now stuffed. Stuffed full of hard throbbing gristle and man meat. 

Fred was deep up my ass and Peter, who was now fully erect, was buried deep up my wet cunt. Nudging his tool in me as I felt both pricks filling me up. Filling my holes to the point of bursting.

Peter began slowly moving in and out of me. I was now very, very close to cumming off again, and I wantonly told Peter to, 'fuck me harder,' and, 'use me like a cheap whore.'

My eyes were now rolling in my head, as my orgasm began sending my pussy juice squirting and dripping all over Peters pistoning prick.

"I'm cumming you dirty bastards, oh fuck I'm cumming!" I announced. "Oh fucking hell, I'm cumming so much!" I told them as I sprayed my fanny batter all over.

My legs were shaking from the pounding I was taking and from my huge orgasm. My suspender belt had lost its grip on both my stockings, such was the force of the pounding my cunt and arse were taking. My heels dangling off my feet, then the right one falling off completely from the hard fucking.

Once my eyes stopped rolling, I looked to see Tracey now sitting astride Frank on a chair at the opposite side of the room.

"Oh fuck yes. Fuck yes, yes get it up my arsehole too!" she was saying. It was clear that my friend was about to receive the same treatment that I had just enjoyed. Frank had his cock deep up my friend's arse as he looked at me and said, "Fucking hell her arse is really tight Anna."

Bill positioned himself in front of my friend and with one easy slide and slop it slipped straight up Tracey's pussy.

I watched my friend receiving a dirty DP along with the others.

"Fuck it. Fuck it hard. Oh god Anna. These dirty bastards of yours are fucking lush!" she was saying as they began to DP her roughly. "Please, please fuck me hard. Use my arse. Oh god yes." My friend was having a ball, quite literally.

We were now both on the receiving end of a double cocking.

Peter said he was cumming but he continued banging in and out my now extremely wet fanny. I felt him tense and his jets of cum shooting into me. Fred said he was going to cum too, and I told him to, 'spunk up my arse.' His shots of cum began to fill my ass.

Across the room Tracey was now getting her creaming too. By both of them working in tandem she was climaxing at the same time as they filled her with their hard cocks.

"Oh fuck I'm cumming again," Tracey announced. "You dirty bastards, fuck me hard." I could hear her begging.

They kept pounding her for a few more strokes and then both said that they were wanting to cum too.

Both then carefully withdrew their cocks from Tracey's holes, an audible plop being heard as she was unplugged by the two hard ons.

They both then stood and simply wanked off all over Tracey. She was sitting on the chair, her toned, brown legs spread wide, her fanny lips all puffy, an absolute mess from the screwing it had taken.

Frank and Bill both unloaded simultaneously all over her tits and stomach. Splash after splash and spurt after spurt landed on her, absolutely plastering her massive tits in white creamy spunk.

"Oh fuck yes!" she was telling them. "Give it to me!"

I still had Fred up my ass, but he was softening following his climax. Peter had withdrawn his cock from my pussy and small drips of his cum trickled out my open gash.

Once Fred was soft, his cock slipped from my ass. 

Tracey and myself again stood and moved towards each other. Cum was leaking and dripping out my fanny and down my legs onto my stockings. I retrieved my shoe and popped it back on my foot, my stockings trying desperately to roll down my legs. I hooked my suspender clasps back on them to keep them up as Tracey and I approached each other.

Tracey was absolutely covered in spunk. Her face was still sticky from the huge load she had received earlier, but now her tits and stomach were absolutely coated in Bill and Franks white, semi translucent spunk.

We smiled at each other and then when began kissing again. Our tits pressing together and my tits and stomach becoming coated in the spunk that my friend had just had deposited over her.

The guys cheered and told us we were amazing as we kissed each other deeply again. I could taste cock and cum from both the mouth load I had received, and obviously from the faceload that Tracey had been gifted.

We kissed and licked each other as the guys all stood around watching and encouraging us. On the settee Graham was now rock hard and was slowly wanking his cock. "What a fantastic performance," he said. "That was simply brilliant to watch."

We broke off our kiss, my face and lips now coated with cum, and we smiled at the guys. Thanking them for such a good first part of our fun, and adding that we hoped they had enjoyed themselves, and that we hoped we could get them to perform again. 

They all laughed, saying give them a little while to recover, but it was obvious that we were going to be receiving another fantastic fucking from these nine horny guys over the course the rest of the evening and early morning.

Following this first fantastic session, we all showered to clean ourselves up, and then ordered a takeaway for us to enjoy some food and conversation before we were to begin another session of dirty, sexy fun.