 by RoseWood "As told to me by a friend"

Stella my live in for nearly five years has always played the part of a long time wife that never strayed or learned anything except what her husband had showed her. Which was not much by the way she acted. It was hard for me to believe that any women in her sixty's could be this dumb about sex and the joys of same.

I was number three on her list of lovers since she became a widow. However she acted almost like a virgin. From what she told me her first man friend after many years as a widow turned out to be a man that was impotent do to an illness. 

There first meeting was in a motel half way between there two towns. After the normal talk, and get acquainted stuff. Stella went into the bathroom and came out dressed in a sheer house over her black bra and panties. 

Her soon to be almost lover was sitting on the bed dressed only in a terry cloth robe. Stella is chubby with out being fat. She is lovely of face and figure. Generous breasts size forty double "d"‘s. Make her a very acceptable for her age. 

The man met her in the middle of the room and hugged and kissed her. He sat her on the edge of the bed and dropped to his knees. Now Stella had told me her husband had never performed oral sex on her in all there years of marriage. So when this almost stranger parted her legs and placed his mouth over the thin strip of silky material that covered her split of charms Stella almost fainted. 

She fell back on the bed and let him have his way with her. Now you must understand that Stella is not only very sexy she has a very sensitive clitoris. Even though her husband was not a lover it is hard be believe that she had never had her pussy licked.  

But who am I to say anything. A few seconds later her panties were off and his tongue struck gold, for both of them. Stella screamed with a joyous shrill voice never before heard come from her mouth. It was hard for her lover to believe she had climaxed so easily and quickly so he kept on going and with in second there came a second climax even stronger than the first. 

It was some time before Stella could come to her senses and once more sit erect. He took her into his arms kissed her and another first was reached. Stella tasted his own spasmodic juices. 

Feeling obligated to do some thing she let her hands investigate him. She found a long fat cock lying limply between his thighs. Even in this flaccid state it filled her small hands grip. He told her how he wanted her to return the favor. 

He sat on the very edge of the bed with his legs spread and his limp cock hanging done like a great like a great over cooked sausage. He instructed her to remove her bra and house coat. He wanted to see her naked body in all its glory. Her tiny waist and broad hips seemed to set off her generous tits which hug like beautiful fully rip melons from her chest. 

At his instructions this first time she knelled before him and without using her hands in any way took his cock in her mouth. She used her tongue to flick the head up between her lips and there the head was sucked into her mouth. According to her this was the first time she had ever had a cock in her mouth. It was strange at first but she soon understood what he wanted her to do. So she moved her mouth back and forth on the giant sausage as limp as it was. From time to time she let it slip from her generous mouth only to recapture it as she had the first time. This act seemed to arouse him and there was always a flicker of a muscle movement at the base of his cock.  
But it never stiffened or showed any sign of becoming hard. Stella did the best she could and after awhile he allowed her to take his cock in her hand. Then he showed some signs of deeper excitement. He said for her to "suck my cock deeper" and things like "Beautiful cocksucker." And other words of endearment. These words were strange to her ears but she thought maybe he needed to hear then to help his condition. 

Then for the first time in her nearly sixty year Stella tasted a man's sperm. There came a lifeless trickle of fluid out of his cock. There was no pulsing no pumping or jumping of his cock only a warm thick milky fluid running across her tongue. She spit it out.

This show of sexual affection was not repeated that day. The next day in the afternoon sun streaming through the motel widows she was laid on the bed and spreading her legs he quickly licked her to another climax. She was quickly learning to like this oral sex and looked forward to his part any way. She found it kind of strange and yet sexy when he wanted to kiss her right away while the juices were still wet on his lips and tongue. 

Then they went back to the position with her on the floor and he sitting on the edge of the bed. This time he moaned and seemed to enjoy her placing his cock in her mouth but nothing came out. After what seemed a long time he told her that was enough. 

Over the next few months she visited him in his home and the sex act was repeated and a few more times he did produce wetness out of his cock. But mostly nothing. Then one day he said he thought maybe he could get really excited if he could watch her getting fucked. The thought of some complete stranger between her legs while this man watched was just out of the question. So be it. 

This short lived relationship came to a tragic end and once more Stella found her self with out a man in her life.  
Her next relationship was also short lived but she did get something different. She met a guy and had a couple of dates. He was a heavy drinker but she let this pass as if unnoticed. He invited Stella to his home for dinner and a sleep over. He had an extra room and nothing was mentioned about sex. So Stella went..

To make a long story short she made it through dinner and a few drinks for her and several for him. She said at that point she was scared and went off to the bedroom she was to use. She said that during the night there were wild noises out side and she become scared so went to his room. From that point on she kind of (forgot) some of it. But I have asked her about it and have learned bits and pieces but not the whole story. 

She some how got into his bed. Dressed in a sheer gown and she never wears panties or a bra to bed. But I guess he soon had her playing with a fucking pole that was the biggest thing she had ever seen. She had come to enjoy sucking cock and yet she said she did not suck him. But if his cock was as big as she has said I kind of think she would have wanted to suck it. Any way he did fuck her. She has said she don't remember if she cum or not but hell I know she cumms very easily. So I believe she did. She left early in the morning and felt luck to have gotten home at any cost. I have often wondered what she was thinking of going to his bed in the middle of the night and thinking she was not going to get fucked. I also wondered why this guy would only fuck her once when she screams when she cumms. 

After this she came into my life. We dated twice and on the third date she pulled me to her bed. I fucked her to a climax, three times and she cum each time. After her third I rolled over and rested even though I had not cum myself. At this point she said " I can use my mouth to make you cum if you want me too." I thought hell it does not get any better than this  
Even at the thought to of her generous mouth around my cock it started to jump to the beat of my heart. I rolled her over toward me and laid there waiting for her to show me just how good a cocksucker she was. Needless to say she turned out to be a first class cocksucker. She had only moved her mouth up and down my cock when she said "I never sucked a hard one before." So I told her I was happy I could help her out. She sucked me off but let my cum dribble from her mouth. She did not swallow. Oh, well you can not get every thing the first time. So we become lovers and have been together off and on for five years.

I have fucked her to a thousand climaxes and she has sucked my off a few hundred times. She loves me to lick her to a climax nearly as well as she loves to fuck. Most of the time I screw her missionary style. But she loves it doggie style too. 

I told her that I had done some swinging with my X and she thought that was horrible. However I sent for a couple of vibratos and I soon found she did like me to use them on her at times. I started fingering her ass and at first she was very upset about that. So at this point I am going to jump ahead four years. 

We went to a family outing at Chilies. They serve a really great Margarita. Stella got drunk on her ass. Or so she let me believe. I am not so sure.. Any way we made it home and into bed. We fooled around and at some point I had her rubbing her clitoris and she was giving it hell while I ran a finger in her pussy. I moved a wet finger from her pussy to her ass and pushed. She only moaned and rubbed her clitoris faster. I started to finger fuck her ass faster and faster. When she climaxed she screamed and wiggled like a snake that had been run over. I had my finger jammed well into her asshole all the while and even a few seconds after she stopped her climax. 

After this no mention was made of my finger in her ass. In fact she acted as she did not even know it.  
This was repeated on two move occasions before she admitted it even happened. There were more use of the dildo vibrator and I made sure when the dildo was in her pussy my cock was in her mouth. Then a few weeks ago I was fucking her with the vibrator, we called it Mr. Pink. And I moved her hand to her clitoris and she willingly rubbed her clitoris as I slowly worked Mr. Pink deep in her pussy. This time I did not have my cock in her mouth. So with my free hand I pushed two fingers up her ass. I saw her eyes blink open, look at me and I think I saw a smile cross her face as her eyes went closed just before she had the wildest climax of her life. I had to take her in my arms and hug her. I was kissing her and letting her know she was ok and just to relax and slow down.

This was a climax of all climaxes. A few days later I jokingly said some thing about her getting fucked by Mr. Pink while I watched. The jokes went back and forth before we knew it she was joking about her getting fucked by two guys. I happened to suggest she might like it. Two real cocks to play with touch and suck as well as get fucked.

Before long we were talking of this in a serious way. I'll be damned this is the women that yelled and screamed about bitches and fucking whores that do such a thing. I guess she forgot about that part.

I don't know any men my age that can get a hard on and keep it long enough to join us for a threesome. But as luck would have it we both run across a younger guy we both knew. I invited him out for dinner and we three met for drinks. Stella seemed to get drunk very easily and before long we were in a motel room. I made an excuse to spend time in the bathroom leaving then alone. 

I gave them five minutes and when I came out both were naked and Stella was sitting on the bed playing with a short thick cock.  
Her wonderful size 40's DD's tits were being played with. I wondered if she was going to bend down and suck his cock or fuck it. I started to undress to join the party. When I turned around Stella was on her back and he was between her legs ready to put it to her. She was still holding it with her arm between her legs she was gripping his cock and at the same time guiding it to her pussy. She looked over at me and smiled as she gave up her first climax. He had not cum so after her climax was done he pulled his cock out and moved up so she could suck his cock. Her pussy was gaping open from his big thick cock. Her mouth was now wrapped around his massive cock. 

I don't know how we worked it out but his cock was still in her mouth when from the side I got her leg up over my hip and my cock slipped easily into her wet cunt. I was fucking her like crazy and she was sucking his cock like she never sucked cock before. He shot off with a steaming load. I shot off filling her pussy, being on her back and her mouth filled to bursting with his thick cock. Stella had little choice but to swallow his cum. I had slipped my hand under her ass and had wet her ass hole with her own cum. I was still hard so I pushed my cock into her ass. I pushed until my cock was buried all the way in her never before fucked ass. Stella screamed out and started to wiggle her ass. She renewed her efforts on his cock which was not going soft. Stella had two hard cocks fucking her again and she was going wild with an excited she had never known before. 

My cock got harder and I shot off in her ass which seemed to drive her over the edge. She cried out that she was cumming and again her mouth was filled with cum. 

Later that night I reminded her about the nasty thing she had said about women that fucked two guys at once. She cried she had been wrong and just did not under stand how sex for fun could be so much fun.  
By the time she had enjoyed her first threesome Stella was sixty seven years old. I was sixty nine and our friend was fifty five. He made it clear it was a good day for him and wanted to do it again soon. Stella said yes, sure why not. I nodded my approval. 

I wondered how this women would have enjoyed sex if she had been introduced to sex for fun when she was a much younger girl.