 Hello, I've been reading post here for a while but I've never read a story quite like mine. So I decided to post the story of my first time, which happens to be my first foursome.

* * *

I had just turned 18 and moved into an apartment with some friends from school. I was about to start my sophomore year (at college of course). My roommates' names are Chris, Andy, and Red. We all met at the gym in our school and bonded over our obsession with fitness and sports (that's right I like sports!). I am six feet tall, 135 lbs. I am a 32B cup, but my ass and abs makes up for it. At one point in time I had had a crush on all of them, but I never had a chance with any of them. I thought it was because they were all a year ahead of me. But they happened to be looking for a roommate so I moved in. We lived together for a couple months and contrary to what you would think, they treated me as one of the guys and seemed to pay no attention to me sexually. Which I was ok with, until one night.

We were all sitting around playing poker and drinking. Though I'm normally very good, I had lost all of my money after only two hours and was looking for anything to keep me in the game. Looking back I'm not sure why I suggested this, or why they accepted, but I said I'd play strip poker rules if I could stay in. My luck stayed sour until I was in nothing but my panties. They were all making fun of me and said they wanted to quit while they were ahead. They took their money, but offered to continue with strip poker. I agreed (for some dumb reason). My luck got much, much better in the coming hands, I got Chris and Red naked, and Andy only had his boxers on. We were extremely drunk at this point and making odd decisions. Chris wanted to stay in the game, so he asked if he could bet sex. I rejected it, I was too scared to do anything as I was still a virgin. I had blown one guy before and gotten fingered a few times in class, but I had never decided to go all the way. I had my vibrator and a plethora of toys, which was plenty for me. (:

Anyways, our game had devolved from strip poker into an all dare version of truth or dare. The dares were getting increasingly sexual. I was dared to give a strip tease and Chris to run through our parking lot naked. We were having a blast and drinking heavy. I got a dare to make out with Chris. I did. He was a good kisser. Then I decided their dares weren't sexual enough to compare to what I was getting. So I dared Andy to finger me. To my surprise he didn't hesitate at all. This sparked a whole new game. The next dare was Chris daring Red to finger me. Then I was dared to give Chris a hand job. The dares stayed at this level for a half hour or so when I got the wildest one yet. I'll never forget. It was to blow Chris, while jacking Red off, as Andy ate me out. I said no. They all laughed, and called me a pussy. I was not about to look scared. So I grabbed Red and Chris by their members and gestured Andy to my open legs. This went on for an hour or so, they switched positions a few times. Then I got the question.

They wanted sex. My mouth said yes but I was still unsure. They let me choose who went where. I froze up, I didn't know what to do. I had always imagined my first time being more romantic, but here I was, with three extremely attractive men, all with exceptional sized members, and ready to ravish me.

I chose Red to take my virginity because he was the biggest and the hottest. Red is a little over eleven inches long and very thick. I figured if it's going to happen like this, I may as well go all out. Chris got my butt, he's about ten inches long and not quite as thick as Red. And I would blow Andy, he's nine inches exactly and a little thicker than Chris, but not as thick as Red.

I get the question a lot so I'll just say it now, we are all white. I don't care about race, so don't take that the wrong way. It's just a common question when I tell this story to people who don't know us.

So I positioned myself on top of Red and Chris came up behind me on his knees, Andy was on his knees near my face. There was no turning back now. I felt Red rubbing his tip back and forth on my clit. Andy moved in as I gaped my mouth to fit his wide member. I felt Chris leave, but I couldn't see where he was going. Red was slowly working his massive self into me, my tears were lubricating Andy as he slid deep in my throat. All of a sudden I felt a familiar cold wet sensation on my butt. It was the KY I had in my bathroom for when I used my vibrator anally. I've often used odd objects as toys, sometimes two at once. But nothing could have ever prepared me for the intense feeling of all of my holes being plugged at once. It seemed like as Chris pushed himself inside me he was in sync with Red and Andy. All three of them moved deep inside me. In this one thrust I managed to work all the way down Andy and touch my lips to the bottom of his stomach. Meanwhile I could feel Red pushing at the bottom of my stomach and Chris somewhere deep inside there too. I tried to let out a moan, but Andy made that difficult, it ended up as more of a hum followed my some coughing. We all seemed to pause for an eternity, which was good since it gave me time to acclimate to the intense pain. I found myself running out of air right as Andy pulled out. Then it was game time, and they all went to town on me. I found myself grinding and thrusting with them, I was having the most intense feelings I had ever had.

After a solid hour, I had just worked my way all the way down Andy again, when I felt him jerk and he began bulging in my throat. He flexed and pushed against me as a load came shooting out. I couldn't taste it because he was very deep in my throat, but I could feel it, so I knew it was a lot. He bent down and began kissing me which I thought was sweet. I felt a lot less like a fuck toy after that. So I decided I'd give him a hand job to see if I could get him hard again. Just as he was getting hard I felt another load in my butt. Not as much as Andy's, but still a good bit. As he pulled out I could feel the void, I almost wished he would have kept going. I looked at him and back at Andy, and Andy at us. And like some sort of ESP, they switched spots. Andy entered me and stretched me even more. He was wider than Chris but not quite as long. Regardless, I was happy to keep the feeling going.

I began stroking Chris when I realized I was about to put my mouth on something that was in my ass. So I made him wash it off before I'd blow him. Just as he returned and was about to enter my mouth Red began to cum. As he pulled out he made me get up so he could move. When I stood up Andy fell out of me and I could feel the damage. I felt cum running down my legs from both holes. Red was much wider than I had anticipated, and I felt the pain to prove it.

Chris moved under me and pulled me back down. He pushed inside my vag, but he didn't fill me like Red did. It was at this time I felt another tip poking around my vag. Andy was going for the wrong hole. Just as I reached back to stop him, he pushed in. I let out a scream. It hurt so bad, but felt so very good. He quickly said sorry and pulled out. As he pulled out, along with extreme pain, I felt an emptiness. Chris was not enough now. In spite of the pain, I told him to keep going.

By this time I had gotten Red hard again and he was ready to get back in. I opened my mouth, but he said he wanted my ass. So they all arranged themselves very carefully. The first few minutes were very painful and the movements were awkward. But we found a rhythm, and soon I was getting into it all over again. I could barely keep my breath, every thrust was a loud screaming moan. It was crazy. A few hours ago the only things that entered me were random inanimate objects. Now I had two men sharing my vag and one in my ass. I didn't even know this was possible.

I felt Andy cum and he pulled out. I wasn't being stretched as much, but now Chris and Red could go deeper. Andy came around to my face so I blew him again to get him hard. But he didn't get hard before Red came. Red pulled out and came back to my face. We were now two hours in and my knees were killing me. So I made Chris get on top and I laid on my back. I tried to fit Red and Andy in my mouth at once but there was no way, even soft. So I alternated blowing them, but they weren't getting hard again. Then I finally felt Chris cum and he moved up on his knees over my chest waiting for his turn. I realized it would never end at this rate. Not that I wasn't enjoying myself, but I was sore and my lips hurt. So I asked if we could stop and call it a night.

The next morning I was scared to come out of my room. I built up the courage and went to get out of my bed when I realized the magnitude of my decision last night. I was unbelievably sore and there was cum all over my sheets. It hurt too much to get dressed, so I walked naked through the house to the shower. No one was up yet. I took the most painful shower I have ever taken, where I soaked for a while and thought of the ramifications of the decisions from the night before. I hoped I would not get kicked out, I had no other place to go. When I got out of the shower, I passed the kitchen to find that they had all made breakfast for me. So I ate breakfast with them naked on the porch (they were dressed), where we joked about the night before. I found myself craving it again that night. So I gathered my boys in my room for another go.

***

We have been doing this now for almost three years. We've had foursomes every night and sometimes up to 5-6 times a day. We are dating and celebrating our two year in December. I know what we have is strange, but we are all very happy. Well that's my story. If you want I can post more, we have had some crazy nights. Thanks guys (: