 Jenny’s visits were very nice in the sense that I had someone to chat with, instead of the four walls of my apartment. Also, she would masturbate me, making it less of a job & more of pleasure! It was just comfortable to just sit & chat, while fondling each other, in the nude, as we were comfortable with each other.

Once we were watching some porno movies, where there was hot action with one man & two women, when she began questioning me how that could happen, did the man really enjoy it etc. I did not get her meaning first, but said personally I enjoyed watching two women making love, and that I could ejaculate more strongly if I could join them. She said that she was used to being naked in front of other women, at the swimming pool shower, or in the beauty parlor sauna, but had not touched another naked woman. She however said that she did get aroused when having a massage from a female, at the parlor, even though she was never touched in sensitive places.

She then hesitantly said that she had a married friend whose husband was also away for long periods, who was interested to have a part-time lover, as she was very frustrated. Her friend was scared to find some Chinese man, who might make trouble, so Jenny asked if she could talk to her friend about me. Anyway, Chinese men are supposed to be the worst lovers, as they get on the woman, have their fun, and then get off. They never wait for the woman to be satisfied, which is why, maybe that I had so much success with them! I said that I had no problem, as long as Jenny did not get jealous. I never realized that Jenny was the one who was interested to try with another woman, & wanted to use me as an excuse! 

The next Sunday, Jenny brought her friend (Angela) over to my place. She was about 45, but looked about 30, as she had no kids, and was very fit, but bigger in build than Jenny, with about 38C breasts. Initially Angela was a bit scared, but I put her at ease making it clear that as I did not know where she lived or who she was, I could not cause any problems. We also had some nice wine, which made Angela relax. I had, as usual, been wearing shorts & T-shirt, with nothing inside, sitting next to Jenny, who kept patting & rubbing my thigh. Soon, I told them to get comfortable, so Jenny went inside and came out wearing only a T-shirt & panties. Since it was mine, it was a little big, so looked OK, while Angela put on a T-shirt and shorts. 

We put on a porn movie on the VCR, but it was regular stuff, when Jenny began telling Angela to relax, offering more wine, and saying I was a gentle but good lover. She also said not to worry, as she would also be there. She made Angela sit in the middle of the sofa, between us. Often, Jenny would lean over to pat my thigh when talking, at the same time putting her other hand on Angela’s thigh, or rubbing her arm on Angela’s breasts. Jenny also kept saying she was getting hot, rubbing herself once in a while between her legs, when chatting. By now I was erect, and it was noticeable in my shorts. Angela was getting aroused also, and did not stop me when I began kissing & fondling her. I pulled her on my lap & hugged her with her legs spread on either side of me. Jenny moved closer to sit next to me, & put her hands into her panties, fingering herself and moaning loudly. I could see that she was getting aroused, but was not sure how Angela would react. I pulled off Angela’s T-shirt to unhook her bra and Jenny helped by taking it off fully.

While I was fondling Angela, Jenny continued fingering herself, with one hand in her panties and one hand on her breasts. She kept moaning, then pulled off her T-shirt, so she could feel her breasts easily. She once took out her wet fingers from her panties & spread the liquid on her breasts. While we were fingering each other, Angela & I would also look toward Jenny, and I am sure this made both the women more aroused. When I leaned over to suck Jenny’s nipple, Angela was moaning loudly, licking my ear, and moving herself on my lap, rubbing her vagina on my penis through the cloth. The feeling of Angela’s large breasts rubbing on my hairy chest was so good that I feared I would ejaculate before entering either of these very hot women.

When I was hugging Angela, Jenny made a signal from behind that she wanted to join also, & I agreed. By kissing & licking Angela’s ear, I made her very hot, & Jenny joined by pretending to kiss & hug me though Angela was in the middle. Jenny also sat on my lap behind Angela telling her not to worry & enjoy as her friend was nearby. I hugged both of them with Angela in the middle, like a sandwich. I continued to kiss them alternately, while Jenny was enjoying rubbing her breasts on Angela’s back. In all the excitement, Angela did not even notice that Jenny was putting her hands between Angela & me, rubbing my dick, & Angela’s pussy, and squeezing her breasts!

Angela was really hot now, and was grabbing my dick through my shorts, saying in Chinese “ give it to me now!” so I gently took both of them to the bedroom, giving all my attention to Angela, with Jenny pretending to help, where we took off Angela’s shorts & panties. 

I too stripped, & began licking & kissing Angela from head to toe, giving special attention to her breasts (which were quite large for Chinese) and her pussy which was covered with thick shiny hair. In the meantime, Jenny also took off her panties and was lying next to Angela, while fondling her breasts, and putting one hand inside her vagina, pushing her fingers in & out. Angela seemed a bit nervous also, but my licking soon made her forget everything. While I was sucking between Angela’s legs, Jenny leaned over & began licking & sucking her breasts, making the nipples stick up. I moved back up so Jenny & I each had one breast to suck, while both our fingers were in Angela’s vagina, making her dripping wet. Jenny too was really enjoying herself, with the new experience of making love to a woman. She would take out her fingers from Angela’s vagina, lick them & put them back, saying she liked the taste! 

Jenny moved down to suck my dick, saying she wanted me wet to enter Angela, then guided me in to her! Angela was so aroused that she pulled me in quickly. She too was a bit tight, but so wet that I entered with ease. Once inside, I began slow long strokes, making her shout with pleasure. Jenny used this as an excuse to bend down & hug Angela, kissing her; while pressing her breasts with her own, saying we should reduce the noise! Angela quickly had two orgasms, and almost fainted, and kept saying it was the best sex she ever had. Jenny made me pull out so she could suck me, licking Angela's juices from my dick!! As I was still hard, Jenny lay on top of Angela, & pulled me in. She pulled Angela’s hands to hug her and make her hold & squeeze Jenny’s breasts. By now, Angela was totally changed, and she was squeezing Jenny’s breasts, then reaching down to hold my dick with one hand, while massaging Jenny’s pussy with the other. I had to make sure that I did not put my full weight on them while slowly stroking in & out of Jenny. Because of Jenny’s tightness we both had an orgasm fast, then just lay there tired out. 

With a soft, naked woman on each side, I just wanted to relax, but Jenny had other ideas! She was lying half on me, to reach over and began stroking Angela, squeezing & rubbing her breasts, asking her if I had satisfied her. Angela was so spent that she could not speak, she just smiled and whispered “Thank you both”. 

Jenny then put her hand on Angela’s vagina, saying she wanted to check, and put her fingers inside. This quickly aroused Angela, so Jenny said, “I will satisfy you till Raju gets hard again”! Angela was quite surprised but very aroused, so Jenny moved over to lie on top of Angela. She began hugging & pressing Angela’s breasts with her own, then lifted up till only the tips of their nipples were touching. In this position, she began moving slowly forward & back, such that only the nipples were rubbing. At the same time, Jenny’s vagina was pressing against Angela’s, and her movement was making them rub against each other. Angela was trying to say “NO”, but was getting so aroused by this new feeling, that she was gripping Jenny’s buttocks, making their pussy’s rub closer! Jenny also seemed to like this, & began moving on Angela, in the same way a man will do on a woman. Angela had spread her legs wide, so their vaginas were in very close contact. As they had both got wet, the sound of two wet pussy’s rubbing was making me so hot. I leaned over, making Jenny also spread her legs a bit, so when I looked from the bottom, I had a wonderful view of two wet sex objects moving against each other. I just could not resist, so I leaned over & began to lick them together, & pushing my tongue into each one alternately. They both shouted at the same time, “I am coming!!” and I could feel & taste the wonderful liquid coming out when they had an orgasm. It is a great taste, especially when the woman is really excited.

I thought they would get tired, but it seemed that they just could not stop. Jenny made Angela sit up, and she sat in front of her, facing each other, all the time touching & fondling. Jenny moved forward, till they were very close, then she put one leg over & one leg under Angela’s legs, so they were like two scissors crossed. She held her by her buttocks and pulled Angela closer, till their vaginas were again rubbing against each other! Angela was now kissing her, and they were rubbing their breasts against each other also. Jenny seemed to have learned a lot from the porno movies, because she made Angela then lie back away from each other, so only their vagina’s were in full contact. They were lying on the bed, facing opposite directions, legs crossed over each other so that the vaginas were pressed against each other, and by humping against each other, they quickly had orgasms in a few minutes!

Watching this had made me erect, so after just relaxing for a while, Jenny pushed Angela into sucking my dick, making wet & fully hard again. Keeping me on my back, she sat on top, and lowered herself till I was fully inside! Then Jenny made Angela sit on my chest, facing her, while she began to move up & down. To get support, she was hugging Angela, pressing their breasts together. She would pull back & tease Angela’s breasts with her own, just letting the nipples brush against each other. I could see how aroused they had become, as both their nipples were hard & sticking out. They were also kissing each other very passionately and making moaning noises that was making me very hot and hard.

To enjoy more, I pulled Angela back till her vagina was over my mouth, so I could lick & suck it. This made the moaning increase, and I could feel Angela’s pussy releasing its liquid, showing she had another orgasm! All this action made all of us come quite soon, & we all collapsed on the bed, totally tired out. We then had a very pleasant shower together, & the two ladies left. Angela especially thanked me so much that I was getting embarrassed. They would not let me put on my clothes, & kept touching my dick or licking it while they were dressing, even when I said goodbye at the door! The last action was for both to bend down & together suck me, one mouth on each side of my dick. Then while kissing each other, they stood up so they could kiss me together – those two women were really hot. 

They came together to my house few more times, but Jenny said that she & Angela also got together and made love a few times to each other. It seems that first time, Angela was very shy, even to face Jenny, but a little wine made her relax, and Jenny was sitting next to her, describing how Angela got aroused when I was making love to her. Jenny then put her hand in Angela’s panties, saying she wanted to check if the memories made her wet. This broke the shyness barrier, and as Angela is really a very hot person, she was soon making love to Jenny. 

They both say they enjoy the variety, and Angela said that she wasted too much time to enjoy both of us, she should have done it earlier!! When I asked them if they did not think anything wrong to have sex with another woman, they both said no. They felt that if you trust the other, & if you both enjoy it, there is nothing wrong! Angela seemed to enjoy it so much that within two weeks she had already succeeded in seducing her maid. She gave us a very excited account of how she did it, but this is so hot that I need another chapter to describe in detail!