 In all my viewing of porno movies, and reading books, I had always wondered what it would be like to share a bed with two girls at the same time. Finally, I had an opportunity to find out, & let me tell you, it was a fantastic experience.

Once, when I had planned to do some major cleaning up at home, Mary brought her friend Emy over to help. Emy is a slightly plump girl with very big breasts, but a beautiful face and body. I think I have a strong attraction for big breasts, which I can touch & fondle & lick for a long time. It is possible to arouse a woman with big breasts, to make her have an orgasm, only by licking & sucking them. Also, maybe that is why I married my ex, just because she had big breasts!

At the end of the day, they said they would take a shower, before going home. The surprise was that they both took a shower together, where I could hear a lot of talking & laughter from the bathroom. They then got ready & left each going in a different direction. While I was taking my shower, the telephone rang, & Emy said she had forgotten something, could she please come back & pick it up?

When she came, I was making tea, so I offered her some, & we got to chatting. She & Mary were from the same city, & were old friends. Suddenly she asked if I had slept with Mary. When I did not answer, she said she knew, and only advised I should use a condom, as Mary was in-experienced & could get pregnant. 

While talking, she was sitting next to me; she was patting my thigh (I was wearing only shorts & T-shirt, with nothing inside), saying I had strong & hairy legs. For a joke I said I also have a hairy chest, & pulled up my shirt to show her. She gave a moan, and reached over to touch, & began kissing my chest. I could not control, and grabbed her. We began to kiss, & I found her sense of urgency, when she said it was a very long time since she had a man inside!

We literally pulled the clothes off each other, while rushing to the bedroom & she lay back, pulling me to her. When I looked at her breasts, I had to stop & play with them, they are so big, but still firm. Even holding them with both my hands, I could not cover them! Her nipples were sticking out, so I gently licked & sucked on them, and began to move my mouth down her body, licking her all over. Emy too, had clean shaved herself, and when I began licking her vagina, she had her first orgasm. She could not wait however, and pulled me to her. Being so wet, I went in like a hot knife in butter, and she had such control of her muscles inside, that I felt as if there was a hand inside, squeezing my dick! What a feeling that was. She said she had been operated, so I did not need a condom, & could ejaculate inside her. 

Though she looked plump, she had strong muscles, & with her legs wrapped around me, I felt I was being squeezed in a machine, which made me ejaculate as soon as she had her second orgasm! I will always remember that one hot evening. She came with such force that she almost fainted, and then she thanked ME! She said she suspected I was making love to her friend, and had no problems with that, only I should not tell her. The situation was that she would come on Saturday evening, after Mary had left, so I ended up being very tired on Sunday!

Some times, I would sit on her chest, with my penis between her breasts. She would have sucked and made it wet, so it would move easily between her huge breasts, which she would squeeze together with my penis in between. The feeling was so strong for us that we would both have an orgasm within a few minutes! Emy was a good lover, and though we knew that any future relationship would not exist, we were very comfortable with each other. She would come late evening, and then we would have another shower, though I already had two that day! Her buttocks were too plump for me to let her take me from the back, but she made up by sucking me very well while I was licking her. When I was licking between her legs, she would pull me around so her head was between my thighs, then begin taking me fully in her mouth. I had to be careful to control my ejaculation, as her technique made me very aroused!

When Mary had to go back, we planned a small party, the three of us. Without my knowing, they had planned to stay overnight at my place. I had brought a few bottles of nice wine, & they came late afternoon to make food. That evening, I got back only at 6.30pm, from work, so I was just in time to take a shower & sit down to chat with them. We opened the wine, & started sipping, generally making jokes about Mary, & what she would do in the Philippines. She was going back to get married, so the jokes were a little dirty also. 

As we got to the second bottle of wine, we had dinner, and sat to see some movie. While I was searching the channels, Emy said maybe we need to show Mary some dirty movies to get some experience! As a joke, I took out my collection of dirty movies, and they both said they don’t mind. We were all sitting on the sofa, watching, & drinking wine. As the scenes got hotter, every one stopped talking, and getting hot, but I did not know how these two friends would react, I had slept with both of them, but Mary did not know that. 

I kept making comments, and patting each on the thigh or arm, which also made them hot, but initially they were a little shy in front of each other. When I went to get more wine, I dimmed the light, saying that good wine should be enjoyed in dim light. I then said I was feeling hot, (June in HK is hot), & took off my T-shirt, sitting only in my shorts. I told them to change, if they wanted, so they both went in & changed to shorts & T-shirt, and sat on each side of me. Casually, I put my arms around both of them & hugged them, saying I was lucky to have such good friends. They both had one hand on my chest at this time; the next step was to kiss each of them. They were both comfortable, & when I started kissing Emy more, Mary tried to come in between, & I began to kiss two of them at the same time, three mouths, & tongues coming together – what a feeling!

By now I had my hands inside their shirts, & found both had no bras! I pulled off both their shirts, saying, “Why should I be the only one topless?” I pulled them together, so I could start kissing & licking two different breasts at the same time, getting both their nipples hard, & both of them putting their hands inside my shorts, fondling me. It was a great comparison, Emy with huge breasts, and Mary with small ones like lemons! I took both of them to the bed, as I could not hold much longer. For their part, they had lost their shyness, & were comfortable being naked in front of each other, as I stripped off their shorts & panties. 

I lay them on the bed next to each other, and began to kiss & fondle each in turn. I got them close together when I reached the breasts, so I could lick two of them at the same time. By now, they had both grabbed my penis, and were pulling it, wanting to suck it. I moved up & kneeled near their heads, so they could both suck me at the same time. I kept fondling their breasts, & vaginas making them both hot. They in turn began to touch each other just like I was doing, till it was difficult to know who was touching whom! I leaned over and began to lick both at the same time. When I turned around to kiss them, they began to taste each other on my lips, so Mary went down to Emy’s vagina to lick, saying she wanted the direct taste! Then Emy pulled Mary on top so that she could lick her vagina, leaving me out. They were on top of each other, but facing opposite ends, so I used this chance to enter Emy, and after every few strokes I would pull out so Mary could suck me. When Emy had her orgasm, they pulled me around so I could enter Mary with Emy sucking me also. This way, Mary too had her orgasm, with only me left to ejaculate.

All this was getting me tired and also close to ejaculation, so I turned round again, and put Emy below, with Mary on top of her & me on top of Mary. I went between their spread out legs, so I could enter Emy first with my dick. After a few strokes, I pulled out of Emy to enter Mary, who was getting hotter! I kept alternating between the two, & soon they both again had great orgasms. Quickly, they made me lie down, and Emy put Mary on top of me & guided my penis in, while kissing Mary, telling her to enjoy the big one, as her would-be husband did not have it so big! I pulled Emy close, so I could lick her while she was supporting & kissing Mary. Emy had put a condom on me, before I entered Mary, so we could enjoy fully. 

The result of two very hot & wet women encouraging me made me have a fantastic ejaculation that nearly broke the condom! We were so tired that we had a quick shower together & lay in bed, naked, one girl on each side of me. Of course, we only slept for short time, waking up every couple of hours, and I alternately had each of them, through the night. 

Mary left Hong Kong a few days later, leaving me with Emy every Saturday night, until I left HK. I cannot thank them both enough, not only for the great sex, but all the help, and work they did for me, around my house. In the weekends, I always had good food to eat, clothes always washed & pressed, house always clean – though I never made it messy through the week.