 I met her just after I graduated from high school. She was the younger sister of a good friend. I tried not to pay too much attention to her, as she was only fourteen at the time, but just between us, she was hot. Her name was Angie, and she hardly said two words to me, preferring to talk with her girl friends on the phone, or hide up in her room. But that was OK as I spent most of my time working on cars, and playing video games. After a while, I started working out of town, and my buddy enrolled in a police academy in another state. I lost all track of him and his family.

** ** ** 

It was four years later, and I was contracted by my company to do some work just north of my home town. I was supposed to meet with an associate, but at the last minute, he canceled, so I wandered into this Mexican cantina for lunch. It was a nice place, and seemed very authentic. The waitress brought me a menu, and chips, and filled my water glass. She gave me a few minutes before returning, and I could feel her presence as I read the plastic coated cardboard.

"Are you ready, sir?" she asked with a very light Spanish accent.

I looked up at her as I ordered. "Yes, I think so. I'll have the...Angie? Is that you?" I hadn't thought about her for years, but seeing her brought back memories.

"Wow! I thought you looked familiar. Your my brother's friend!"

She remembered me too. She brought my order and set it down, but she was busy, and we hardly got two words in before she had to rush off to another table.

The dinner was fabulous, and when I asked for the bill, she said it was already taken care of.

"I wish we had more time to catch up." I said, as I stood from the table.

"Well, I'm off in an hour, if you have time." she said. I think that's the most she's ever said to me at one time.

"Y...yeah, sure! that would be great! I said.

"Why don't you go to the lounge, and have a drink?" she suggested, motioning towards the neon beer signs glowing in the other room. I didn't have time to answer, as she grabbed my hand and lead me to a booth in the corner of the bar. She then ran up to the bartender and came back with a huge margarita with my name on it.

"I'll be back soon." she said as she flitted out the swinging doors. Soon was an understatement as she was back in ten minutes.

"I clocked out early." she said, as she dropped her purse on the table, and fetched two more margaritas from the barkeep. It was at this moment I actually was able to see her in decent light. I thought she was a babe four years ago. What was I thinking? I must have been out of my mind! There was no doubt that I was a total idiot for leaving. Angie was by far, the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. She was a mixed breed, combining the best features of her father, who was mostly Mexican, with a little white mixed in, and her beautiful mother, who was black, with a little white thrown in. The results were incredible. Long curly black hair, dark brown eyes, and something she didn't have the last time I saw her. A set of breasts that seemed too big for her little five foot five inch frame. They had to be 36". A little math in my head told me she should be about eighteen or nineteen by now.

"Aren't you a little young for that?" I asked as I motioned to the half empty salt rimmed glass sitting before her.

"Well, mom and dad own the restaurant, and my brother, he is the local sheriff now." she said as she ran the tip of her finger around the glass. "Besides, I don't drive when I drink, in fact, I only live a block away."

"What does your boyfriend do for a living?" I asked, hoping she wasn't too deeply involved with anybody.

"Oh, I don't have a boyfriend. After you left, I spent all my time in school and working here."

"What do you mean, 'after I left'?" I asked, not quite understanding what she had said.

"Didn't my brother ever tell you? I had a major crush on you." she blushed and looked away as she spoke. "It wouldn't have mattered anyway, I was too young for you, and you hardly knew I existed."

"Wow! I had no idea! I actually thought you were pretty cute back then." I was sounding like an idiot.

"Well, what do you think now?" she whispered, looking into my eyes through her big beautiful, glazed over eyes, the drink already having an affect on her.

"I think you are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen!" I don't know where that came from, as I wasn't looking for any relationship or commitment, but I spoke the truth. She reached across the table and touched my hand. It was like being hit by lightning. Suddenly I felt a tingle race through my body, and realized that for the first time in my life, I was truly in love.

** ** **

We have been together for several years now, and each day is like the first. She is still very shy, except around me now, or until she gets a couple of drinks in her. I moved in with her, as she already had a very nice apartment, and had really nice neighbors.

It was the middle of July, and we decided to try out the Jacuzzi down by the pool. She has lived here for a couple of years but has always been too shy to visit the hot tub or the pool. And even now, it had to be at night. She had a string bikini on that left nothing to the imagination, but wore a long tee shirt over it. She hesitated as we rounded the corner, until she was sure there was no one else around. Like I said, she was shy. We were enjoying the bubbling water and the thermos of daiquiris, and the star filled sky. But those melons under her tee shirt were driving me nuts, the way they bobbed gently in the water. I reached under her shirt and began to caress one of those firm globes when she tried to stop me.

"Not here! Someone might see us!" she squealed.

"Who? there's nobody else out here!" I responded, looking around. Soon the alcohol went to work on her, and she lowered her guard a bit. I was not only able to play with her tits, I was able to work one out of her bikini bra, but still under the shirt. After feeling how hard her nipples were getting, I slowly worked my hands all over her body under the shirt. I worked my way up her back and gently untied the string around her neck, then as I rubbed her back, I untied the second string. I slowly worked my way back around to the front, and extracted her top from under the now transparent white tee shirt.

Her dark nipples were now easily visible, as were the rest of her bodacious tatas. If she would have touched me, I would have shot my load right then and there. Her head was tilted back and her eyes were closed, as she enjoyed the massage her breasts and nipples were getting.

She never even noticed them. Three men in their fifties sat down at a table by the end of the pool. They saw us, but seemed to be more interested in their cigars, although every once in a while, one of them would glance our way. Angie didn't seem to mind as I slowly worked her tee shirt up until it was above her floating mammaries. And the three gentlemen didn't seem to mind either, as they moved their chairs around to get a better look. As I rolled a nipple gently between my fingers, I whispered in her ear.

"I think you have the sexiest chest in the world."

"Thank you!" she cooed back.

"And I think they would agree!" I said, wondering if I should have mentioned them. She slowly opened her eyes and tilted her head forward, focusing on the men sitting at the table. She then just smiled at me, leaned her head back and closed her eyes. I have never seen her nipples this hard before. I went one step further, and lifted the shirt over her head. She not only didn't resist, but she lifted her arms up to help remove the wet garment. Glancing over, I noticed the men had moved to within ten feet of us, and were openly staring at my girlfriend. And the strange thing was, it was turning me on. My heart started racing as an idea popped into my head. I would never, ever allow anyone to get near my Angie, she was perfect, and she was mine, all mine! But now, instead of being insanely jealous, I had this urge to watch her with someone else.

"Why don't you guys join us?" I half whispered to them as I kneaded a large tit with my left hand. They looked at us, well, at Angie, and stood up. As they got to the edge of the tub, one of them spoke.

"There is nothing more we would rather do, but... if she didn't give us a heart attack, our wives would kill us!" And with that, they sauntered down the path, and out of sight.

Angie opened her eyes and sat up. "You would really let them join us?" she asked in an astonished tone.

"I thought you were sleeping, besides, they seemed to enjoy the show."

"But what if they wanted to touch me, or wanted me to...you know, touch them?" she whispered.

"I..I don't know. What would have happened?" I asked cautiously.

"Depends on if you know CPR, because I probably would have given them all heart attacks!" she said with a giggle and a jiggle. Even through the foaming bubbles around us, I could see the trails of white cum as it found it's way from my shorts. I now had a new fantasy, besides the one I was living with.

** ** **

She always kept her inhibitions locked up, but now I had the key. A bottle of booze would convince her to go out with no bra, or show more skin than usual, and I was enjoying the results. On Friday night, we went out to a bar and restaurant across town, but as usual, she dressed conservatively. A silk button up blouse, and an ankle length skirt. But after a couple of drinks, I convinced her to go to the ladies room, and remove her bra. She took a long time, and for a minute I thought she would chicken out. But even from across the room, I could see the firm round globes bounce, and the dark nipples poking through the thin material, as she made her way back to our table. As she sat down, she handed me a wad of material. As I discretely folded the bra in my lap, I realized that she had handed me her panties as well. The thought caused my jeans to tighten up with excitement Our waiter was being very attentive, and Angie seemed to relish the attention. As the waiter, and the busboy, and every male employee in the place stopped by our table, each would ask if we needed anything, but never spoke to me, just Angie. Or should I say, Angie's chest. Even more specifically, her hard nipples that now strained against the thin silk. But that was OK, in fact that's what I wanted.

After her third drink, she excused herself to go to the ladies room again. There was a lot of motion under her clothes as her boobs swayed, and her little butt swayed, as she sashayed down the hall. Five minutes later I saw her on the return, but she now had unbuttoned all but three buttons, exposing her legs up to her thighs with each step. She had also unbuttoned several fasteners on her blouse as well, now showing a massive amount of cleavage.

Our waiter came back with the bill, and it was obvious he was staring at the valley of boobs. Angie looked right into his eyes as he continued to gaze at her, as she reached up and slowly unfastened the remaining buttons on her blouse. Still staring into his eyes, she spread her blouse wide apart, revealing her large assets to him. He stood there and smiled, holding his tray in front of him. When she felt he saw enough, she casually buttoned her blouse back up, and finished her drink. It was a good thing he had a tray to hide behind as he limped back to the kitchen.

"Come on! let's go!" I said to her. If we would have stayed any longer, I would have cum in my pants. I was so proud to be walking next to her as we left, knowing every eye in the place was trained on Angie.

As we sat down in the car, she noticed me trying to adjust myself for the ride home.

"Did I do that?" she asked innocently, as she squeezed my hard cock through my jeans. "Let me help." she said as she worked the zipper up and over the bulge in my lap. She has never done this in public before, but now she had my cock out and was running the tip of her finger over the head. She glanced around the parking lot once, then leaned over and sank those luscious lips of hers over my shaft.

"It's too bad I didn't wear my mini skirt tonight." she said between slurps. That's all it took to push me over the edge, cumming like never before. She almost choked on it, but managed to get my salty load of cum down her throat. Not much was said on the drive home, and I plopped down on the couch as soon as we walked in. Kneeling in front of me, she touched my cock through my jeans.

"I'm still thirsty." she said softly, as she unzipped my pants for the second time tonight. As she stroked me with one hand, she unbuttoned her blouse with the other. The sight of her breasts always excites me, and it showed. She kissed her way up my shaft, then leaned up and kissed me on the lips. When she moved up, the soft flesh that made up her cleavage, enveloped my cock. The feeling was hard to describe. It's soft and warm, and although it's not wet and squishy like a pussy, she can vary the pressure from a gentle touch, to a firm "handshake". I moaned with each pass, as she saw how much I enjoyed this new pleasure. Each down stroke ended with the head of my cock in her mouth, and I came faster than usual, with the first spurt coating her brown melons, the rest quickly devoured via a fast tongue.

** ** **

Nothing was ever mentioned about the hot tub or the restaurant, so I just left the memories in the back of my mind. Several weeks had passed, and Angie started enjoying the sun. She didn't need to tan as her skin was already a beautiful natural bronze color, but she liked the feel of the sun radiating over her body. But of course she would never venture down to the pool, opting for the privacy outside our sliding glass door. We only had two neighbors here, one was Mrs. Garcia, who never seemed to be home. She was always out with the senior center doing whatever it is they do. We would be lucky to see her once a week in passing. On the other side was a single guy, who, like Mrs. Garcia, we seldom saw. He was a big guy, over six feet tall, and wore his hair in a mullet. He looked like a real party animal, but it was always quiet at his place. We did see a lot of pretty women come and go, but that was about it.

It was Saturday, around eleven in the morning when Angie stepped outside, carrying a book and a glass of water. She usually wore a tee shirt and shorts when she laid out, the only difference today was she wore only her bikini. I was in and out, cleaning windows and just goofing off, when I heard a voice.

"Howdy neighbors!" he said with a Texas drawl. Before we could respond, he disappeared back into his apartment In a moment, he was back out again moving plastic chairs and tables around on his small patio. He sat down at the table with a manila envelope.

"Hey, how you doing?" I asked, just to be friendly.

"Oh, great! just enjoying this weather! A lot cooler than I'm used to!" he said, hardly looking up from the table. It was at least 90 degrees out and I was burning up.

"Where are you from?" I asked, my interest now peaked.

"Texas. Bet the accent fooled ya, huh?" he chuckled. Setting his work back down on the table, he rose and ambled over to the low wall dividing our apartments. As he reached out to shake my hand, he saw Angie for the first time in a bikini.

"Hi!, I'm...a...a..." The look on his face was priceless. "The name's Joe!" he finally was able to spit out. I noticed Angie's nipples had hardened a bit.

We made our introductions, and he returned to his table. After a few minutes, he stood and walked back into his place, but quickly stuck his head back out.

"Hey! You guys want a beer?" he hollered.

"Sure, sounds good!" I yelled back. He returned with three bottles, setting one down on the table and handing the other two over the wall. I took the brown bottles, noticing there was no label. He also noticed me noticing.

"Hope you like 'em. I brewed 'em myself. Kind of a hobby of mine." he said with a big grin, returning to his table. I took a swig, swallowing the best dark lager I have had in a long time. Angie agreed as she pugged hers down. Baking in the sun really made her thirsty, and the ice cold brew felt good going down her throat.

"Watch out, it kinda sneaks up on ya! It's a little strong." he said, still studying his pictures.

Angie excused herself to go inside, and I started tinkering with the porch light. I had an idea, but first went to get permission.

"What do you think about inviting our neighbor over for dinner?" I asked Angie, as she was relaxing on the couch braiding her hair.

"Mrs.Garcia? I don't think she's home." She said teasingly.

"You know who I mean." I said, laughing.

"Sure, He seems like a nice guy. But let me get out of this bikini first."

"You want to run around naked?" I teased back.

"You know what I mean!" she said as she threw a small pillow at me, and headed off to the bedroom. I walked back outside, hoping he was still around, and sure enough, he was still there, stuffing pictures back into the manila envelope.

"Hey Joe, want to come over for dinner?" I asked, walking over to the wall.

"Wow, you mean a real home cooked meal?"

"Yeah."

"I'd love to! Can I bring anything?"

"No...wait.. maybe more of that beer, if you have enough."

"Hey, you liked it? that's great!. Yeah, I have plenty! What time?"

"Cool! I guess around six or seven."

Angie had covered herself with a printed tee shirt and jeans and was preparing dinner when Joe knocked on the door. I welcomed him in as he handed me a box of beer. A quick glance told me there was about a dozen bottles, and I put all but three in the fridge. I handed one to Angie, and headed out to the living room with the other two. After a few minutes, Angie joined us, and we all talked for quite a while. Turns out, Joe works as a bouncer in one of the nightclubs in town, and freelances as a photographer in his spare time. That's why we always saw women coming and going. They would have their pictures taken for various reasons, usually a portfolio for a modeling job, in Joe's second bedroom that he converted to a studio.

"What a way to make a living! Taking pictures of naked women." I said as I held up my bottle in toast.

"Nah, it's not like that. Even though I see many of them near naked at work, they won't pose nude for me...hey, you guys want to see some of my latest?" his eyes lighting up as he spoke.

"Sure!" we said almost in unison. Joe jumped up and ran for the door.

"I'll be right back!" he shouted. The words had hardly left his mouth when he reappeared with the manila envelope he had earlier. He sat down across from us and spread some of the glossys on the coffee table.

"Wow, these are fabulous!" Angie said as she peered at the women. I had to agree, some were very sexy, but not overly revealing. Joe was obviously a professional, or at least damn good at what he did.

"Thank you! If you want to do some glamour shots, let me know!" he said.

"Yeah Angie, how about it?" I asked her, knowing how photogenic she is.

"Ah...I don't know. I would have to think about it. But thanks! Besides, what would your girlfriend think?" she said with a giggle.

"Don't know. I would have to get a girlfriend first." he answered with a hint of loneliness in his voice.

I went to the kitchen to get everybody another beer. By the end of the night we were drunk, but Joe had to leave as he had an early day planned.

"Think about the glamour shots." he said to Angie, as we walked him to the door. "And thanks for dinner, it was a wonderful night."

** ** **

Joe became our new best friend, coming over often for dinner. He made it a point never to come over if I wasn't home, but talked about Angie a lot when she wasn't home. He found her very interesting, as he had never known a woman to be beautiful and have a personality too. We drank a lot of his beer, and we never ran out of things to talk about. He even mentioned the fact that he got a job offer, as a full time photographer, but didn't elaborate on any details.
