 I would never have thought that my lovely wife and I would have after eighteen yeas of marriage gotten involved in swinging. We had grown up in a small town where we knew every one and most lives were more or less an open book. As in any small town nothing is sacred or confidential. Gossip abounds here but during my life of forty years I had never known there were swingers in our small community. 

This was what I was thinking as I watched my wife walk slowly across the room to fix us another drink. Wilda was a beautiful girl, a girl of thirty six that is. Wilda it tall slender with firm pointed breasts of smaller than average size. But there lovely shape and firmness make up for size. Also her breasts are sensitive to touch which sets her off in a wave of needful desire. 

Denny my friend of many yeas was sitting on the sofa watching Wilda walk toward the bar. He said Don; Wilda has got the most beautiful ass of any women I=ve seen in our town. 

Denny=s wife Mandy who was sitting beside Denny punched him playfully on the arm and said AChrist; what a liar. That is the same thing he said to me just an hour ago.@

We all laughed and Wilda turned her beautiful naked body for all of us to see as again. She asked what we each wanted in the way of drinks. 


I was sitting on a stool at the end of the bar and for the life of me I could not control my excitement as seeing my wife naked in front of others. Knowing that Denny would surly be fucking her or eating her pussy very soon was very arousing and high erotic. My hard on showed and I was hoping that either Wilda or Mandy might like to express their desire for my lonesome cock by sucking on it or playing it. But at this point there were no takers so I just sit there waiting for thing to progress naturally. 

This was our first time with Denny and Mandy so I did not push. Wilda had indicated she was open to the idea of us being with our old friends and this was much the same way I felt. I thought since we had known Denny and Mandy it would be east to make that step from friends to lovers. Besides Mandy was a very sexy girl and I was looking forward to getting her in bed. 

But I also wanted to watch as Denny worked on Wilda. I admit I am a bit of a voyeur. It really turns me on to see Wilda respond to another guy. Wilda is highly oral so watching her take a cock in her mouth simply drives me wild. Some girls suck a cock because they want to make the guy excited but Wilda sucks a cock because she loves it and she loves the feel of a cock in her mouth. When we first started going together and started to play around Wilda would suck me off in the car while she fingered her self. She was young and did not want to get pregnant at that time. Wilda has not lost her desire for oral sex even after all these years.

It also crossed my mind that I ever had reason to be jealous during our married life. So I guess I was not the jealous type but never knew it until we started swinging. Now I looked forward to seeing the love of my life with another man. Wilda and I have talked about it and neither for us has felt any jealousy since we started to swing. 


I find it exciting picking a couple to swing with and of course visiting a couple that we have already been with. In our small town there are few swingers, couples that is. We have talked about having a single join us to a night of fun but as yet we have not found a single of either sex we want to join us. 

Wilda placed our drinks on a tray and went to our guests first than came to deliver my drink. Mandy uncurled her legs from under her nicely rounded bottom Denny and lifted one so her heel was on the edge of the sofa. Her pussy splayed nicely and showed a vivid red crack that looked very inviting. 

Wilda put on some music and asked Denny to dance. He stood and by the time he had taken the four steps to reach Wilda he also had a hard on. Wilda placed her left hand on his shoulder and her right hand went down between them to grasp his manhood. Denny=s right hand went around Wilda=s back and his right dropped down so he had a firm grip on her fine firm ass cheek. Mandy came over to me and wiggled in between my legs hanging over the bar stool. She pushed my hard on down so it slipped along that wet red crack and she fell into my arms. 

We kissed and I found her lips to be soft, warm and wet. Her tongue danced into my mouth and we wiggled lips and tongues as our bodies pressed closer together. 

I let one eye roam around to see my wife still stroking Denny=s cock as they also kissed. Mandy slipped from my arms and slowly slipped down until her head was in my lap and her mouth engulfed my cock. My Wilda was not to be out done so she also went to her knees where she promptly took Denny=s cock into her eager mouth. 


This I thought was the way it should be two wives sucking two cocks of men not their husbands and yet doing so freely and with the happy consent of each spouse. 

Wilda had one hand around Denny=s cock while her other hand was between her legs rubbing her clitoris. Mandy did the act of oral sex some what different as she held me with both her hands around the hips working just her head back and forth. This seemed to do the trick for me as I was soon ready to give this pretty lady her rewards. I asked her if she wanted me to cum for her and she shook her head acknowledging her acceptance. So I relaxed and let nature take its course. Mandy willingly sucked my sperm out of my cock and never lost a drop as she milked my cock of all its delights. 

Wilda took Denny=s cock well back into her throat and let his sperm shoot directly down her gullet. This was a little trick she had developed over the years and I had always found to be very sexy and erotic. Both girls seemed to be satisfied for the moment. 

I was behind the bar as I played bartender this time. Denny was sitting on a stool at the end were I stood. My Wilda sat at the other end with Mandy standing behind Wilda. The conversation was light and yet I felt a new tension building in each of us. Wilda was looking at me and I saw in her eyes a kind of sparkle that was new. She had that devilish smile at said to me Athis night was not over yet.@

-- - - - - - -- - - - 

To see my husband Don standing there with that silly grin kind of made my day. Or night I should say. 


I knew it was a real turn on for him to watch me going down on Denny. He was getting the same attention from Mandy but his eyes were on me. My darling Don came almost as soon as he saw me take Denny=s cock way back in my throat. I have not done a true deep throat but I can take the head of a cock right back until it is pushing on the opening to my esophagus so that the warm sperm goes right down with out me swallowing. Don got so turned on he came as soon as he knew what I was doing. My darling husband is a voyeur and I kind of like to show off for him. I get a kick out of it.

I lifted my glass to make a toast when Mandy came up close behind me pressing her breasts to me bare back. She reached around as both guys watched and took each of my slightly stiffened nipples in her fingers. She kind of pulled them out longer than they are as she nuzzled my neck. My reaction was instantaneous and completely unexpected. A jolt of electricity shot through me from my wet pussy to my brain and back down again. I saw fireflies dancing before my eyes. My hand froze in place raised; but the toast never came out of my mouth. I looked at Don and his eyes were about to pop out of his head. 

We had talked about ever aspect of swinging when we agreed to try it. But we had never talked about the gay or bisexual side of it. Don is straight as a rail and I had never even thought about sex with another woman. We have not been swinging very long and we have only been with a few couples and this was a first. 

Mandy=s hands were kneading my breasts and pulling on my nipples as she kissed up my neck until she had an earlobe in her hot little mouth. Don was so excited her spilled his drink and never noticed. Denny just watched as he must have seen this performance before. 


As for me it was a first and I must say highly erotic and very arousing. I let Mandy do what ever she had in mind and just sat there enjoying it and eagerly waiting for the next step. I did wonder however, it I would have to respond in kind if she decided to go down on me. I love oral sex and can climax easily from a good pussy licking but I thought I was about to find out if the gender of the licker would make any difference. But I was even more interested I how I would feel with my tongue in a sweet wet pussy. 

One of Mandy=s hands slowly moved down my belly to my smooth shaved mound where a finger tip found my clitoris throbbing excitedly. Don was salivating and playing with himself. Denny was watching as if this was an every day event. What Mandy was doing was not for me or my darling husband it was for her own pleasure and that of her husband. Don was getting an eye full and I could not stop it even if I had wanted to. I did not stop Mandy because I wanted her to go all the way where ever that was. I wanted Mandy to keep kissing me and touching me. I was completely open to her ever whim. My body was hers to do with as she pleased and I was sure what ever she did it would also please me beyond any words I could write here. I was on a new high and it felt so very good.

Mandy pushed me forward on the bar stool until my ass was right on the edge. She parted my legs and wiggled a finger tip into my dripping pussy. I was so excited I closed my eyes and let her feel away. I felt my pussy gap open as she held my legs apart. Then I open my eyes with a start as I felt a different hand spreading my pussy even farther. Denny was there now in front of me placing his mouth over my gapping cunt. Denny=s tongue danced in and around my wet pussy as he licked me from ass to clitoris. Then he bit down on my clitoris and rammed a finger up my ass. 


Mandy turned my head and placed her mouth over my mouth sucking my scream down her throat. I jerked and shook uncontrollably as I climaxed like never before in my life. The juices spurted from me filling Denny=s mouth as he sucked me dry. Mandy=s mouth never left mine until I was completely spent. Never, never had I experienced any thing like this before. This couple knew how to push my button Denny's and it was glorious. 

My darling husband had come around the bar and was standing there jerking his cock as fast as he could shooting cum all over my belly. Denny stood and moved away so Don could get his cock in me before he cum completely. I was now swapping spit with Mandy willingly as Don rammed his manly cock up my shivering cunt. I felt his warm sperm filing me and I came again without hesitation. Don jammed hard into me and we had the most wonderful climax together of our entire married life. 

This swinging thing was not so bad after all. I was willing to share more of my time to learn how the other half lives. I guess it is true AYou are never too old to learn something.@

Denny and Mandy had there fill and so had we so my mid-night Don and I were alone sipping a drink out on the screened-in back porch. The night sounds along with a sliver of a moon made this a wonderful moment to remember. Don asked ADarling how was it when Mandy started kissing you." I thought from your expression that you were really getting turned on. I thought maybe this lesbian thing was something you might enjoy.@ 

My response to him was that he was right. 


I had looked forward to her aggressions and I would have let her do anything she wanted. I also admitted I thought of how it might be if I had to return the favor. I guess I looked forward to licking a pussy for the first time in my life. It never occurred to me she was setting me up for Denny to lick me to a climax. But what a great climax it was. It was worth every thing she did and more than I expected. 

Then Don asked about Denny=s finger deep in my ass. Here again I had to admit that the timing was right, it sent a jolt through me as he bit down on my clitoris and for a second I did think how this must feel much like a cock going up my ass. I smiled at Don and said AYou want to fuck me in the ass don=t you, Darling?@ 

AYes. Very much but I also want it to be exciting for you and as you said at the right time.@ Don said.

AMaybe if you licked me as Denny was doing and inserted a finger to kind of ease me into it. You; know kind of work up to it slowly it just might be very erotic.@ I replied. But I was thinking of how excited I was with Mandy setting me up for Denny while I was thinking of having my first lesbian fling. Maybe I was more of a lesbian than I had known. Or maybe it was that I wanted to try the girl to girl things just once. 

Sure, just once; hell I was into it and I knew it. I wanted it and I still wanted it. Deep down I really wanted to lick a cunt and make a girl climax with my mouth and fingers as an extra thrill. Hell yes I wanted to experience lesbian love. So if letting my husband have my ass would lead to me seeing Mandy again then a good ass fuck would be worth it.

Don said AWhat do you think of maybe trying the sandwich things? You know maybe me in your ass and Denny or some other guy in your pussy at the same time. How do you think that might feel?@ 

I had of course heard of the sandwich but never thought too much about it as I just never thought we would get so far into swinging that I would do more than fuck a guy or two and maybe give up a blow job. 

But now here we were taking of getting into this shit deeper and weirder than we had ever talked about. Not that I objected it was just a turn of events that I had not thought about. But what the hell it might just be fun. 

-- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Watching my wife I could see the wheels turning in her pretty head and knew that she was as hooked on swinging as I was. I got so turned on thinking that she was going to do the girl, girl thing I damn near cum just thinking about it. I had not said anything but when Denny went down on Wilda I thought about how it might feel to ram my cock up Denny=s ass as he licked my wife. An ass is an ass, as they say. But would that make me gay or a quire? No I don=t have any thoughts along those lines but maybe if I fucked a guy in the ass it would make me bi-sexual. Kind of like Wilda licking Mandy=s cunt. Then Wilda would be bisexual and still want me to fuck her like I have for all these years. Damn this swinging was getting us in so deep we may never get out or back to normal. 


But on the other hand what the fuck is normal.


Wilda had not rejected the idea of being sandwiched between me and another guy. Now that might be a real load of fun. I wonder what it would feel like to have my cock up my wife=s cunt and feel another guy=s cock rubbing my cock though that thin membrane between her ass and cunt. Holy shit that does sound exciting then if Wilda really wanted it and it excited her that would make it even more erotic. Oh, my god how bad I am getting I just thought that maybe if there was a third guy Wilda could take a cock in the mouth at the same time. Gees, three cocks in my wife at once, I bet she would really like that too. 

Then if we cum all at the same time it would drive Wilda crazy. I jerked awake from this night mare and shook my head. This could not be happening, we are not that kind of people or were we? What "A strange turn of events."