 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Some time ago my job required me to temporarily move to another town. It happened to be the hometown of my aunt Karen and so she was kind enough to help me find an apartment for my stay. Sometimes after work, I stopped by at her place for a coffee and a chat. Aunt Karen was 42 at the time and has always been very attractive. In fact, I've had a crush on her all my life. Surely also because she has always dressed very classy and feminine and liked to show off her long beautiful legs. I developed a pantyhose and high heels fetish mainly because of her. She worked in a jewelry store downtown so fancy high heels and sheer hosiery was part of her usual work attire. Just hanging out at her place, watching her in her work clothes as she crossed her beautiful legs was usually well worth the visit. For sure, she caught me staring at her sexy legs several times, but she never seemed to mind, smiling at me instead. I guess she enjoyed the attention she got. 

Karen and her husband lived in a big house in a wealthy suburb area. Since they didn't have kids and her husband's management job required him to travel around the world almost all the time, aunt Karen spent most of her time home alone. Things had changed a bit when a young couple had moved into the house right next door, just a few months earlier. The two, Mark and Julia, were in their early 30s. Mark was a professional hockey player in the local team. I had read about him in the local news. He used to have a reputation of being quite a womanizer due to his good looks. But now he seemed to have settled with Julia, his attractive blond wife, a typical fashionista, one could say his trophy wife. Since Mark was also out a lot, Karen and Julia found themselves in similar situations. They had quickly become good friends and spent a lot of time together. 

Julia hung out at my aunt's place quite often, so I frequently ran into her when I came for a visit. Julia worked as an office assistant. Just like Karen, her work clothes were quite fancy and included high heels and sheer hosiery quite frequently. I guess the two must have spent a lot of time shopping together. As the wives of rich husbands, they could certainly afford it. So whenever I was there, I surely was in for some nice views.

Julia and Mark had a 2-year-old son. One evening they wanted to take Karen out for dinner and drinks in a bar downtown, as Karen's husband was out of town for another business trip. As their babysitter for the evening had cancelled, Karen asked me if I could help out. Unable to refuse her a favor, I agreed.

The evening came and we met at Julia's place. I had hoped that the ladies would dress up nicely and when Julia answered the door, I was not disappointed. She was wearing a chic black floral dress whose cleavage was perfectly emphasizing her lovely tits. But what caught my attention were her legs in sheer black hosiery. She did not wear any shoes yet so I could see her feet and her painted toenails under her reinforced toe nylons. Her legs looked so silky soft and sexy, I had a hard time concentrating on her babysitting instructions and not stare the whole time. 

A few minutes later, the doorbell rang again and aunt Karen arrived. As expected, she looked plain gorgeous, wearing a little red dress that ended just above her knees along with nude colored high heels. To my delight, her legs were clad in sheer nude pantyhose. They made her legs appear so unbelievably silky smooth, I would have killed for a chance to touch them. Her beautiful make up along with her fancy jewelry completed her elegant look. 

Needless to say, I was blown away. I just couldn't keep my eyes off both of them and had to be careful to not make it too obvious. The ladies complimented each other on their outfits, as they do, and just as Julia slipped her foot into her black glitter high heels, I overheard Karen complimenting on Julia's choice of hosiery. 

"These pantyhose look so lovely," she said. 

"Oh, these are actually the new thigh highs I told you about," Julia clarified. She slightly lifted her dress to give Karen a glimpse of her stocking top. 

"Uuh very sexy," Karen commented. 

Then they smiled at each other. It was a brief and somewhat casual moment but I found it incredibly hot. Mark was one lucky bastard. He's actually kind of a jerk but I figured he must have his qualities being tall, handsome and pretty athletic. Anyway, he did the driving, so the ladies could drink, which they typically enjoyed from time to time, especially my aunt.

After they had left and I had taken care of the child, I went to check Julia's underwear drawers. She had quite a hot collection of lingerie, lots of pantyhose and thigh high stockings. I was so aroused that I ended up masturbating in their bathroom. The whole situation was very arousing and made me cum sooner than I had planned. Afterwards I went to watch a movie. 

Soon, the thought of exploring aunt Karen's underwear drawers came to my mind. I made sure that the child had fallen into a deep sleep when I decided to sneak over to Karen's house using the emergency keys they had left me. I kept Julia's place in sight, so in case they came back I would just quickly run back through the backyard. 

I entered the house through the backdoor and immediately got excited. I kept all the lights off and quietly tiptoed my way up the stairs and straight into the master bedroom. As soon as I entered, aunt Karen's sweet perfume filled my nose. It was enough to make my dick hard. My hands were shaking in excitement as I was going through my aunt's drawers. Soon I found what I was looking for. And what an incredible collection of hosiery she had. So many pairs of high-quality sheer pantyhose, mostly nude and black, of various types and brands. Also, lots of thigh high stockings and opaque tights, damn hot stuff. I even found a vibrator in one of the drawers. I noticed a pair of sheer nude pantyhose that was hanging over a chair. I grabbed them and immediately buried my face in them. My aunt had obviously worn them earlier that day as they still carried her scent. I put my hard dick into one leg, the silky-smooth material was just mesmerizing. The fact that she had worn them just a few hours earlier made me incredibly horny. Oh aunt Karen, you sexy goddess! 

It was right then when I saw the lights of a car pulling into the driveway. Holy shit! I quickly put everything back as I found it and wanted to rush back to Mark and Julia's house. What I had not expected was that the three of them came straight to aunt Karen's house. As soon as I heard them entering through the front door I knew I was trapped! I already started making up excuses about why I was there. Being trapped upstairs, I anxiously waited for an opportunity to somehow sneak down and rush through the backdoor without being noticed. 

Aunt Karen's house was pretty nice. They even had a two-story living room which means I could see right down to the sofa area from upstairs. And as I was sitting in the dark, they couldn't see me from down there. I hid behind a plant, anxiously waiting to make a move. 

Karen and Julia were obviously tipsy and giggled as they entered. Karen brought a bottle of wine and the two ladies sat down on the couch while Mark sat on the armchair beside. It was pretty exciting to watch Karen and Julia sitting there with their long legs crossed, casually dangling their high heels on their toes. My eyes wandered over their seductive legs, the subtle sheen in their hosiery made them shine in the living room light. They were both so hot that night, I kind of got lost. 

At some point they started talking about how Karen should go out more. Karen opened up, saying she would love to but her husband never feels like it and that she felt he had lost interest in her. She continued that their sex life was practically not existing anymore.

"Thank god for my vibrator. The damn thing is making extra shifts for months now," she joked.

She said she was afraid of not being attractive to her husband anymore. Mark disagreed, telling her that he always thought she was hot. He told her he noticed at least three guys who were checking her out at the bar. Karen seemed flattered.

"They must have thought we are a three-way couple," she giggled. 

"Well, it could be worse than that," Mark joked. 

Then Julia made her move, saying she knows how he always fantasizes having two girls. Karen, tipsy as she was, flirted blatantly with Mark. 

"I am sure a strong handsome man like Mark could easily handle that," she said jokingly. They laughed about it but it was Julia who kept going.

"He'd surely like that. He always likes watching me kiss other girls," she said, smiling at Mark. 

"Do you think he would like to watch us too?" Karen asked in a seductive voice.

"Well, I think he very much would," Julia assumed, looking at Mark with a naughty smile on her face. 

Both ladies smiled at Mark before they started kissing each other. My jaw just dropped by what was happening. But they didn't stop there. Julia laid her hand on Karen's knee. 

"You know, Karen and I talked about it and we thought the three of us could have some fun and maybe be a little kinky. What do you think?" she asked her husband. Clearly, he was surprised, just as I was. 

"Well, what can I say, I can't resist two beauties," he said, trying to keep his cool. 

Julia and Karen smiled and continued to make out, French kissing passionately. Both started breathing heavier and got really aroused. Julia was running her hand over Karen's legs, hiking up her dress to reveal her thighs and the fact that her pantyhose were sheer-to-waist. All the while, Mark was watching their hot show. He was getting a little uneasy in his armchair. Soon, Julia pulled down Karen's dress and bra to expose her beautiful tits. My aunt closed her eyes and moaned as Julia's tongue played with her hard nipples. Soon, the two paused to look at Mark. 

"Why don't you come over and join us?" Julia asked seductively. 

Mark got up, stripped off his jacket and sat down on the sofa between the two. I couldn't believe my eyes as the three of them started making out. Mark alternately kissed his wife and my aunt. Soon he fondled Karen's bare tits, then his hands moved down to her knee. She parted her legs to let his hand slowly feel over her nylon clad inner thighs up until her crotch, where he started massaging her pussy through her pantyhose. As he kissed her neck, my aunt laid her head back and enjoyed the man's touch. 

Meanwhile, Julia unzipped Mark's pants to free his already hard dick. 

"What do we have here?" Karen exclaimed at the sight of Mark's exposed hard-on. "I haven't seen such a beautiful hard dick in a long time," she admitted before she grabbed it and slowly started jerking it while she continued to make out with him. 

Julia told her man to get up and present himself a bit. Standing in front of them he stripped off his shirt, exposing his muscular body. Karen watched as Julia helped him getting rid of his pants. Having him completely naked, Julia wasted no time and started to suck on his rock-hard dick. They giggled as Julia freed Mark's cock from her mouth, telling Karen it was her turn.

"Don't be so shy," she said.

My aunt smiled at her boy toy as she slowly wrapped her red painted lips around his hard shaft. Watching the two beauties sitting there fully clothed, taking turns in sucking Mark's hard-on was both shocking and incredibly arousing. Mark really was one lucky bastard. Still somewhat in disbelief of what was happening, he watched the two as they pleasured him more and more intensely. Especially my aunt couldn't get enough. She ran her hands over his body, looking him in the eyes as her tongue played with the head of his dick. That looked so hot!

"Let me see how he fucks you," Karen whispered to Julia while jerking the hard dick on front of her. 

They both got up and Karen helped her neighbor stripping off her dress and bra, leaving her in only her thong, stockings and her black glitter high heels. Mark immediately started to suck on his wife's nipples. Finally, Julia's thong came off as well. The two ladies French-kissed as Karen fingered Julia's exposed pussy. While she jerked her husband's dick with one hand, Julia moaned. 

"You're so wet naughty girl," my aunt whispered. 

She sat back down and watched her neighbors standing in front of her and making out. Soon, Julia turned around and leaned forward, propped one leg up on the sofa and seductively presented her beautiful butt to Mark. He wasted no time and entered her from behind, gasping as his hard-on slowly slid into his wife's warm moist pussy.

"Oh yes baby," Julia moaned as Mark started fucking her. Aunt Karen was sitting on the sofa, watching her neighbors having wild sex right in front of her. 

"Do you like to fuck your hot wife in her sexy new stockings?" she asked Mark seductively as she ran her hand over Julia's legs. 

The two beauties were making out passionately. Watching their sexy show let Mark's thrusts become harder and harder. They smiled so naughtily at each other. Karen leaned back on the sofa and hiked up her dress. She spread her legs and let her hand slide under her pantyhose to play with her pussy, still wearing her dress and heels as she did. Julia's moaning became more intense as she approached her climax. Soon, Mark's dick brought her over the edge, making her scream in pleasure. 

But now it was Karen's turn. Julia ran her hands over Karen's legs and crotch. She ordered Mark to help her rip a hole in my aunt's expensive pantyhose. 

"Uh you are so naughty," Karen said as the two gained access to her pussy.

Karen laid on her back as Mark pulled Karen's panties aside and buried his face in her crotch. Accompanied by Karen's sexy moaning he let his tongue play with her clit while two of his fingers found their way into her juicy pussy. Julia continued to play with Karen's nipples. My aunt was the center of attention now. Her pleasure seemed to climax to a first small orgasm. But her naughty neighbors didn't stop there. 

"You wanna have that cock inside of you, don't you?" Julia whispered to my aunt. 

"Yess just put it in," Karen gasped in anticipation. 

Still wearing her nude high heels, she rested one leg on Mark's shoulder and let him push his throbbing hard-on into her needy pussy. He began with slow and passionate thrusts, finally giving her what she had been craving for so long. My aunt loved it. 

"Oh my god your dick feels so good," she moaned. 

He wrapped his hand around Karen's thigh. Her tits bounced as he drilled his dick in and out of her. All the while, Julia caressed my aunt's tits and fingered her clit. It obviously drove her crazy. As Mark's thrusts became harder, Karen moaned louder. It didn't take him long to bring her to an intense orgasm. 

"Gosh, I needed that so bad," Karen gasped afterwards.

"Then you better get ready for round two," was Julia's naughty response.

The two ladies French kissed again. As Mark pulled out his dick, Karen kicked off her heels and her feet started playing with the manhood in front of her. She and Julia watched with dirty grins on their faces as Karen's sexy nylon feet played with Mark's still rock-hard cock and his swollen balls. The silky soft sensation of her luxurious pantyhose made him gasp. My god what a sight.

"Do you like that?" my aunt asked seductively.

While she jerked his dick with her feet, Julia crawled over to lick the tip of her husband's cock. Soon, she let the whole thing disappear in her mouth and started to suck it. Karen continued to play with her pussy while watching what was going on right in front of her. She let her foot playfully rub over Mark's abs and massage his swollen balls. She looked him in the eyes while he ran his hand over her lower leg, feeling the silky softness of her pantyhose. She brought her foot up to his mouth to make him suck on her nylon clad toes. I could clearly see her red painted toe nails under her subtly reinforced toe pantyhose. It was so hot. My kinky aunt seemed to like getting her toes sucked, judging by the naughty look on her face while she watched him. 

"Turn around honey and let him make you cum again," Julia told Karen. 

Karen positioned herself on all fours and let Julia guide Mark's dick right back into her pussy. It slid in so easily. He grabbed Karen by the hips and soon found his rhythm, giving her more of his hard thrusts. His dick must have hit the right spot as my aunt's moaning got wild and out of control. 

"Oh my god that's so good!" she screamed in ecstasy. 

Hearing my aunt moaning like this and watching her getting fucked doggy style in her ripped pantyhose was driving me insane. I was masturbating like crazy by now, I couldn't resist. The scenery was too hot, too surreal, too once-in-a-lifetime to not give in and enjoy what was unfolding right before my very eyes.

Julia kicked off her heels, climbed onto the couch and positioned herself on the armrest. She spread her legs right in front of Karen's face and started playing with her clit. Now, each of Mark's thrusts slammed Karen up against her pussy. 

"Yes baby fuck her good," Julia gasped as she looked at Mark. She ran her hands over her body, caressing her tits and legs, biting her lips as she presented herself to her lucky husband. 

"You've been wanting to do this all evening, haven't you?" Julia asked him, well aware of his answer. "Fucking both of us just like that, in our sexy clothes," she continued.

That kind of dirty talk seemed to drive him even wilder. He slapped Karen's ass and pushed her head further towards Julia's pussy, making her lick his wife's moist cunt. His roughness made my aunt scream in ecstasy. By now, Mark's stamina was pretty impressive, given the naughty scenes that unfolded right in front of him. But he was pretty close. However, Julia was the first to orgasm, massaging her clit to another climax. Right afterwards, Mark‘s thrusts brought Karen over the edge. 

"Don't stop, don't stop!" she screamed as she came to another intense orgasm. Loud and ecstatic moaning filled the room now, it was totally surreal.

That did it for Mark as well. He pulled out and wanted to cum himself but my aunt had other plans. 

"Let me make you cum," she managed to gasp. 

She quickly turned around and started to jerk off Mark's throbbing cock. Julia positioned herself right next to her and watched as Karen directed a huge load of jizz all over the tits of both of them. 

"Uuuh yess show us what you got you naughty boy," she gasped. 

"Oooh shit!" Mark moaned in relief as he covered both Karen and Julia with several splashes of his cum. 

Julia smiled at him as she licked his cum off Karen's tits. That's when I also came. I shot my load straight into the flower pot in front of me, trying hard to remain quiet. Meanwhile, the two beauties licked Mark's dick clean, giggling as they did.

"Oh my god, that was so hot" my aunt managed to say as she caught her breath. "I needed that so bad... now let's have a cigarette and another drink."

I realized that it was high time for me to get out of there. While they cleaned up the mess I took my chance to sneak back down the stairs as quiet and as fast as I possibly could. I managed to reach the backdoor unnoticed and ran back to Mark and Julia's house through the backyard. Luckily, the child was still in deep sleep. About half an hour later, Julia and Mark came back. 

"Hey guys, how was it?" I asked. 

"It was such a nice evening, we had a really good time with your aunt," Julia said. 

If she only knew what I had seen. They thanked me a thousand times and said they wanted to do that again soon, and maybe they'd need me again then.
