 Warning - This story contains many references to homo-erotic scenarios - if it's not your flavour don't continue, or, do continue - you might surprise yourself as I did! :) 

*

She opened the door to the hotel room dressed in a lacy black bra and matching panties, the outline of her nipples straining through the thin fabric. 

"Come in," Jenny said as she beckoned me through the door, "and take a seat on the chair." 

I did as commanded and as I made myself comfortable. Just then, Rob came out of the bathroom dressed in a robe.

"Would you like something to drink?" He asked.

"Sure," I replied, "rum and coke if that's ok?"

"Of course," Jenny answered, "I'll have the same please Rob."

Rob went to the mini bar to sort out the drinks. Jenny came over to where I sat and perched on the arm of the chair. She gently touched my arm, the soft skin of her fingers causing goose bumps to appear.

"So we thought we'd relax with a few drinks before starting if that's ok? And then, if you don't mind, Rob and I would like to warm up by ourselves. Of course we'd love you to watch - and make yourself comfortable, if you know what I mean," Jenny said, winking.

"That's absolutely fine with me," I replied. 

"Don't worry dude, it won't be long before you can join in," Rob said smiling.

"Perfect," I said with a grin.

With that, Rob handed the drinks around and we sat chatting as we drank. We soon needed a top up and Rob did the honours. As we tucked into the second and third rounds I felt the alcohol start to do its work, and I could see it was having a similar effect on Jenny and Rob too. 

Jenny had moved over to the side of the bed, and they were both sat next to each other, gently caressing each other as they sipped their drinks. 

Soon they were both done and passed their glasses to me. I took them and placed them on the stand, and Jenny started to kiss Rob passionately. Rob's hands moved around to Jenny's back and unhooked her bra. The bra fell onto the floor as her tits sprang free. 

They were gorgeous tits, a good handful each and very pert and firm - gravity had no effect as they protruded from her chest. Those nipples I could see poking through the fabric before were hard and begging to be sucked. Rob noticed and applied his mouth, taking each one in turn into his mouth, his tongue flicking them causing Jenny to moan softly. 

I noticed a tent forming in Rob's robe, clearly he was turned on with what he was doing to Jenny. It wasn't long before Jenny also noticed and she reached inside his robe and took hold of his cock and began running her hand up and down its length.

My own cock was rock hard under my shorts, and I couldn't help but run my fingers up and down it over the material as it strained against the clothing. 

Jenny noticed and winked at me. "Go ahead, free the beast!" she suggested.

"Him first," I replied, pointing at Rob. And with that she grabbed the belt of the robe, undid it and took the robe off, releasing Rob's hard cock in the process. 

"There you go, now your turn," she giggled, and I had no choice. I stood up and pulled my shorts down, releasing my hard member from its prison and it sprang up to attention as I stood there naked from the waist down. I removed my shirt to complete the package. 

"Mmmm," Jenny purred, "I'm looking forward to getting some of that action later." 

I was quite proud of my cock in all honesty. It wasn't massive, but it was definitely no slouch, coming in at around 10 inches long, and it was slightly curved upwards with a decent girth. I looked at Rob's to compare (as you do!) and noticed his was slightly thicker, and had a bit more texture with a more veiny appearance, whereas mine was smoother. I had to admit, I would have preferred his to mine if I had a choice!

I sat back down and very slowly began stroking myself as I watched Jenny and Rob. By now she had started going down on him, running her tongue up and down his length and gently sucking the tip which made him twitch as she did so.

Rob reached round and took hold of her panties. He slowly pulled them down as she was bent over, her arse pointing in my direction. I could see her pussy lips between her thighs, she was shaved and her lips looked so inviting. I had to stand my ground though as promised, but the sight of her made my cock even harder.

Jenny wasted no time and straddled Rob. He was lying on the bed now, his legs over the side and facing me. She turned to look at me as she slowly lowered herself onto his hardness and I could see the look in her eyes as he filled her up inside. She closed them and turned her head back round as she began slowly moving up and down his shaft, and I could see everything from where I was sat.

I decided to go in for a better look, so I stood up and moved the chair closer to them. I was now sat between Rob's legs and as I leant forward my face was only a foot or so away from the action.

Jenny began to moan as she moved faster up and down Rob's cock, her pussy lips and his shaft now starting to glisten as her juices coated them both. I started wanking my cock to mimic the fucking that was happening before my eyes.

Eventually Jenny moved off his cock and turned round, now facing me, still with her legs straddling him. She reached forward and put her hands on my shoulders as support as she lowered herself again onto the massive cock below her. At first she missed the target, and her pussy lips enveloped his shaft lengthways.

"Allow me!" I offered. I don't know what possessed me as I reached out to take hold of the monstrous cock before me. I grabbed it and aimed it at her pussy and she lowered herself again onto it, her pussy briefly touching my hand. I released his cock and she began moving up and down again, still holding onto my shoulders for support.

As she got into a rhythm she leaned back, now resting her weight on Rob's chest, still moving up and down his length.

"OK now it's time for you to get involved," she said as she grinned at me. "What I want you to do is lean forward and lick my clit as I fuck Rob. Make sure you really get in there and give it a good licking, im ready to cum."

"I thought you'd never ask!" I replied, and I did as requested, leaning towards this cock-filled pussy. I stuck out my tongue and applied it to her clit. At first I could only get to it at certain points and I noticed the chair was getting in the way. So I stood up and pushed it back and knelt down with my face right in the mix. I could smell the sweet pussy juice which had by now coated Rob's cock and as I stuck out my tongue I accidentally licked the underside of his cock which let me taste the goodness covering it. As Jenny moved down his length my tongue struck her clit and she let out a moan. 

Soon I was able to match the speed, moving my head up and down as she fucked his whole length. Jenny started moaning louder and it wasnt long before her body went rigid as she came. She slammed down onto Rob, which kind of made my chin hit his balls, my tongue now pressed between her clit and his balls - there was no way I was going to relent my licking as her orgasm continued. 

After a minute or so Jenny recovered from her orgasm, still penetrated by Rob, however I moved away to let her rest. Her face was covered by a grin which went from ear to ear.

"Oh I love it when I get my clit licked while im being fucked!" she sighed. "OK now for a bit of payback for you guys. Get up here on the bed, Rob move over a bit, I want to suck you both."

She instructed us to move so that we were facing each other on the bed, both laid back with our legs linked and our balls barely millimetres apart. She then moved to a better position so that she could bend over with her face over our cocks. She started by sucking us both individually for a while, licking up her own juices off Rob and ultimately applying it to mine as she took turns between us.

"I want both of you in my mouth!" she said, excitedly, and with that she took both our cocks and pressed them together and slowly enveloped us both with her mouth.

I have to say the feeling was incredible, my cock pressed tightly against Rob's, I could feel those veins as our shafts gently moved against each other while Jenny sucked and wanked us both. 

Rob was struggling to hold on at this point, he must have had a hard job controlling himself because as Jenny was wanking our cocks together he came hard! His cum shot out and splashed Jenny in the face and neck. The first load he shot out landed on my cock as well, coating the end as it started dribbling down towards both our ball sacks. 

As Rob shot load after load Jenny continued holding our shafts together, and I could feel him pulsating against me. His cock and balls were twitching involuntarily and I could feel all of him. I tried my best to hold on, I didnt want to come just yet and luckily I was able to keep control. Jenny starting massaging the cum into both our cocks and bent down to suck up the hot cream. She got most of it into her mouth and swallowed it down, still smiling enthusiastically.

"Fuck me that was good!" Rob exclaimed, and I had to agree with him. It's definitely something I had not experienced before, but I had to admit it felt great. 

Jenny then turned to me. "OK big boy, it's your turn!" she said. And with that, she straddled my cock, leaning forward dangling her tits in my face. She lowered herself onto me, her wet pussy coating my hardness as the remnants of Rob's cum on my shaft disappeared up inside her. I reached up and took hold of her tits, squeezing and feeling their firmness. I lifted my head and took each nipple into my mouth as she began fucking me slowly, moaning as I filled her over and over again with my meaty stick. 

We fucked like this for a while, and eventually Rob had recovered. He moved over, standing at the side of the bed and Jenny reached over taking his semi-soft cock in her hand. She starting working him up and down with her hand as she continued riding me, and it wasn't long before he was hard again. 

She invited him into her mouth but it was a bit of an effort for her to lean down so low, so he got up onto the bed, his feet straddling my head and she was able to take him more easily. 

As we fucked more and more her orgasm began building and she had to let go of Rob. He clearly didn't want her to stop so he knelt, his knees now straddling my head, and once again she was able to take him back into her mouth. He fucked her mouth with each stroke as I was fucking her pussy. 

Being so close I again could see every detail. His balls were mere inches away from my face and I got a real good close up of his shaft disappearing into her mouth. A couple of times he slipped out and he nearly slapped my face with his cock. I don't think I would have minded though at that point!

It wasn't long before Jenny started climaxing and I could feel her pussy start to tighten around me. Her moans became longer and louder and Rob couldnt keep his cock in her mouth any longer. He got up off the bed (his cock slapping me on the cheek this time, leaving a string of saliva on my face!) and made his way around begind her. 

My orgasm was starting to build as well and I began thrusting deeper and faster into Jenny's pussy, becoming closer and closer to shooting my load. At that point I felt something touch my balls and the lower part of my cock; it was Rob, his head was down between my legs and he was frantically licking my sack and sucking around the base of my shaft! This sent me over the edge and I shot my load deep inside Jenny. As I came, she lifted herself off me and Rob grabbed hold of me, and began wanking me hard! My orgasm lasted longer than I have ever had before, and I continued shooting my hot cum over his hand and my stomach. 

Eventually it eased off, and when I was done Jenny leaned over and licked it all up. She didnt swallow though, instead she took Rob's cock into her mouth again, coating him with my cum and started blowing him fast. His cock was a creamy mess as she deep throated him, my cum covering his length and dripping down his balls to his thighs. He started cumming again, and she took his cock out of her mouth, instead pointing it towards me. His load flew through the air and landed all over my groin, over my cock and balls, my stomach, my legs and between my thighs, eventually dripping down my arse crack onto the bed sheets.

"Wow - that was fucking hot!" I breathed, and Rob grinned back, nodding.

"There's more where that came from," he said, "lets clean up and have a couple more drinks before we start again." 

That sounded good to me, so we hit the shower, all of us in there together rinsing the cum and sweat off our bodies. Jenny was enjoying the attention she got from us both, our hands roaming all over her body. At one point though, both our semi-hard cocks knocked into each other (there wasn't much room in there to move around!) and this caused both our cocks to twitch in response. I grinned, knowing that he would have felt the same, remembering how it felt when he came as our cocks were pressed together before. I hoped there would be more of that!

We sat and had a couple more drinks, all 3 of us completely naked sprawled out on the bed. I asked both of them if they had ever done this before.

"Not to the extent we have today, no" Jenny replied. "We've had a threesome before with another guy, but we only did double penetration. He wasn't willing to try anything else, which was fine at the time. We just wanted to go a little further with you, as long as you were willing."

"And it seems that you are!" Rob continued. 

I had to laugh, I had never really anticipated doing everything that we had done, I thought I was only there to watch and maybe have a little fucky with Jenny while Rob watched me. But I had to admit, my horizons had definitely been broadened!

"Is there anything else you wanted to try?" I asked them.

"Well," Jenny replied, "I really want to try 2 cocks inside my pussy at once. It's been a fantasy of mine for some time now. I know you shouldnt ever fulfil your fantasy at risk of it not being what you imagined, but I have a couple of girl friends who have done it and really recommend it. Would you be happy to try it with us?."

"Yeah I don't see why not," I said. "Anything else?."

"Well..." Rob replied, and looked at Jenny uncertainly.

"Go on honey, ask him." Jenny reassured.

"Go on, im intrigued!" I said.

"Well... how far are you willing to go... in the 'homo-erotic' sense?" He asked, unsure of how far he should push me.

"It depends - i've never really thought about it" I answered. "I don't think im really into 'gay' stuff, like arse fucking another guy or anything like that - either giving or receiving. Having said that, I have to admit I did enjoy what you did earlier, sucking the base of my shaft and licking my balls as I fucked Jenny. SO maybe I wouldn't be adverse to a bit of oral... I don't know - I guess it would have to depend on the circumstance. I don't particularly feel like going down on you right here right now if i'm being honest."

"That's ok, I understand," Rob reassured me, "I'm not really into that much either - but it's good to know I didnt overstep any boundaries earlier. With DP in the pussy our cocks would need to be pressed together, which you didn't seem to mind before!" he said grinning.

"Haha, neither did you by the looks of it when you came all over me!" I answered back and we all laughed.

"Well how about this then," Jenny offered, "seeing as we're all ready to get started again," (she pointed at our cocks which we hadn't noticed were standing to attention, once again!) "Why don't we just start off with a little blowjob fun and see where it gets us?."

"Sounds like a plan," I said "Where do you want us?."

"Stand up in front of me and bring your cocks close together so I can suck them both into my mouth!" she ordered. 

We obeyed and stood there, side by side and Jenny reached out for our cocks and started to massage them. She then started pushing them together, rubbing the heads together which felt incredible. Occasionally she would lubricate the tips with her mouth, taking them both inside her and then pulling out again so she could rub them together again.

After a while she said "Ok im ready now. Both of you get on the bed like before."

We both laid down facing each other, and this time we got up really close. Rob pulled my legs towards him and both our ball sacks were pressed against each other, our cocks standing up straight leaning against each other. Jenny held them close and rubbed them up and down, and Rob started thrusting so that we moved against each other a bit more. It felt great, and I was starting to like this whole homo-erotic business! 

Jenny straddled us and gently lowered herself onto our cocks. It took a couple of attempts but eventually we were both inside her. The warmth of her vagina surrounded our cocks, and it felt so good how we were pressed together so tightly. 

I didn't wait for Jenny to start moving. Instead I began thrusting up and down the way Rob did before. Our cock shafts were rubbing against each other and I could feel every inch of him, the sensitive underside of our cock heads stimulating each other. Jennys pussy was doing it's job of lubricating us as I moved up and down, grinding our cocks together. 

We all started to grown. Jenny's face was telling the whole story, a look of complete exctasy overcame her. I looked over at Rob and he was the same. Both he and I were rock hard and I didn't think it would take long for us both to shoot our loads.

Suddenly Jenny stood up, our cocks slipping out of her with a plop. Rob reached down and started wanking our cocks together while she rubbed her clit furiously. She groaned as she came hard and collapsed back on to the bed. I wasn't ready to cum yet so I moved back, much to the disappointment of Rob.

I told Jenny to straddle me again, which she happily did, facing me as my cock buried deep into her again. I then told Rob to enter her as well, which made him grin as he got the picture. He knelt behind her and slowly eased into her pussy alongside me. As he filled her up completing the sandwich I felt him again rubbing against the underside of my cock head. 

He started pounding harder and harder, Jenny moaning again with the pleasure. We were both getting closer to cumming now, and Rob gave in first. He let out a growl as he buried his whole length inside Jenny's pussy, and I felt him pulsate as his balls released a load of cum inside her. I carried on pumping, stimulating him in the process. 

The feeling of his cock pulsating and twitching against my shaft, his cum coating my whole length making it slippery inside Jenny, all led me towards my own orgasm and I let go, shooting my load into her as well. I could feel him still moving in and out slowly, still leaking out hot sticky cum over my cock, and our cum cocktail soon started to dribble out of Jenny's pussy onto my balls and down between my legs. 

Jenny pulled herself off of us and revealed the mess we had made. Rob then moved down and reached out for our cocks which were still throbbing. He rubbed them together again which made them twitch even more. He then lowered his head to mine and took it inside his mouth! It felt odd that another man was sucking my cock, especially a cum-covered cock, but I couldn't deny how incredibly good it felt! He continued to suck until all our cum was cleaned up leaving behind my shiny member. 

Jenny went down on his cock and did the same to him, cleaning his cock in the process. She then stood up and gave him a cummy kiss, allowing some of it to leak into his mouth, covering his tongue and dripping it down his chin. Then she moved over to me - most of the cummy mess had gone from her mouth by now, but she still managed to spit out a bit into my waiting mouth. I took her tongue and sucked it, tasting the saltiness of our mixture. And I had to admit I liked it a lot!
