 This is a continuation of my previous series. So it will be helpful to have read the previous stories beforehand. If you haven't read them, they involved Hailey's sexual awakening at the hands of her sister. It ended with a lesbian orgy with her sister's friends. This series will be a continuation of Hailey exploring her sexuality. These experiences will be different than before and, thus, in different categories. It will not involve her sister, Kaitlin, since she is back at school in California. However, Hailey and Kaitlin's story is not over, so fans of my previous series fret not there will be more coming. Hope you all enjoy it.

All characters depicted having sex are over 18.

*****

My last high school Spring Break was coming to an end. I spent my days like any other, online in World of Warcraft. I tried to ignore the pangs in my stomach. I loved what Marissa and Olivia had and I desperately wanted that attachment. But right now I couldn't think about it. I didn't have anyone I could think of that fit what I was looking for. Of course, I also didn't know what I was looking for so that made matters worse. So I drowned my thoughts out with video games and sappy movies.

On Friday, I was waiting for the mailman to arrive, as had become my custom this week except for the day before. I saw his truck pull out and before he had a chance to get out, I was halfway down the walkway. He stuck out his hand and handed me the mail. I was flipping through it, but there was no letters from any other school. I was about to slump back into my house when he hollered at me, "Looking for this?" I rushed over and in his hand was a letter from USC. I blinked at it. My last college acceptance or rejection notice.

"Thank you." I smiled at him and walked into my house. I heard him wish me luck, but my heart was in my throat. So what will be my fate? Where will I be going in the fall? I laid the mail on the foyer table and walked to my room. I plopped down on my bed and just flipped the packet around. I heard a BLING from my video game. So I headed over to my computer. My friend Hannah, or Hotlikme on World of Warcraft, sent me a whisper.

&lt Hey. Where were you? Been sending you an invite for a while now. &gt

&lt Sorry. Mail came. &gt

&lt Anything good? &gt

&lt IDK. Haven't opened it. &gt

&lt College admissions? &gt

&lt Yep. &gt

&lt Thought you heard from them all by now. &gt

&lt Not from USC. &gt

&lt You never said you applied there! &gt

&lt Yeah, my sister urged me to. &gt

&lt OMG! Wish you would have told me! I applied there! &gt

&lt Really? &gt

&lt Yeah. Got accepted too. Hurry up and open it I want to know if you got in. &gt

I went to my bed and retrieved the packet. I carried it to the desk and opened it. I began to scan the cover page. I didn't believe it. I re-read the cover page two more times to make sure it said the same thing each time. BLING

&lt Chica. You there? Did you get in? &gt

&lt Seems so. &gt

&lt What? You either did or didn't. So did you? &gt

&lt Unless this is a horrible prank I did. &gt

&lt You've got a few options. Where do you think you might want to go? &gt

I was lost in thought. I had decided that I wasn't going to wait around for some school that only wanted me when some prospective student decided they didn't want. Why should I be a second-tier choice for anybody? This past week I had people showing me they wanted me and not as a consolation prize, either. I should want a school that wanted me like that, right? That eliminated UC-Berkeley and Stanford. I didn't want an out of state college just for the sake of getting out of the state. So that eliminated the Oregon schools. Eastern Washington and Washington State was just too close to where I am now. The only remaining options were University of Washington and Southern California. With USC, my sister would be close by. So I wouldn't be alone, which was a plus.

&lt Right now, I guess it's between UW or USC. &gt

&lt If you commit to USC, I will too. &gt

&lt Where would you go otherwise? &gt

&lt Not sure, but it would be so fun to be dormmates. &gt

&lt So you would go somewhere just because I went there? &gt

&lt Well, no. I mean I didn't get into any of the colleges you did, except USC. &gt

&lt Well, USC would be nice. I'd be close to my sister and far away from my high school life. &gt

&lt And you'd have a friend already there. &gt

Just like that, USC became the college I decided on. Now the issue was going to be to convince my parents that their last child was moving to California. I logged off the game. I was too distracted. I wanted to call my sister up and tell her. I wanted to tell my parents. Well, I wanted to get their reactions out of the way. The anticipation of that conversation had my stomach in knots. It didn't help matters that I had a get together with Paige and her husband, James. If this day progressed like the other ones this week, James would be my first male sex partner. Yep, I was all sorts of worked up.

I decided to take a bath. I put in the salts and bubbles and, once I was stripped naked, slipped into the warm water. As I was soaping up my body, I would brush my sensitive spots. I wasn't trying to get off so I didn't linger long. A graze of the nipples, rubbing my pussy a tad longer than necessary for hygienic purposes, a probing finger in my ass; I was soon relaxed and luxuriating in the pleasure, but my intent was to loosen up not for climax. That would come later, I think.

I slipped out of the tub and wrapped myself up in a towel. As I walked to my room, I realized the bath did wonders for me. I was no longer anxious about tonight or the conversation that awaited me. Sure, there was no resolution, but I felt reinvigorated. I was looking at my wardrobe, courtesy of my sister, and deciding on my outfit when the phone rang. I went to my desk to retrieve it.

"Hello?"

"Hey, Hailey. It's Paige."

"Oh, hi. What's up?"

"Well, James suggested we pick you up tonight rather than you meet us somewhere. He wanted it to feel more like a date. Perhaps it might relax you a bit."

"Yeah. Sure." So now I am reliant on them to bring me home no matter what the outcome of the dinner was.

"Okay. So how does 6:30 sound?"

I looked at the clock on my computer, which informed me I had an hour and a half left. "Sounds good." We said our goodbyes and disconnected the call. I went back to my closet. Kicking myself, I should have asked where dinner was going to be, I picked out two outfits. One was a casual jean and blouse. The other was a nice spring dress. I remembered the erotic, but somewhat difficult, way Marissa and Olivia had removing my jeans last time so I opted for the dress.

I pulled it up to cover my body and tried to decide what to wear with it. It was a dark floral patterned dress with spaghetti straps. It had a low, but modest, neckline. I opted to go without a bra. It hung down to mid thigh. I got a naughty look in my eye as I thought about going without any underwear. Thinking more about it, the dress was very loose and a good gust could whip the hem up pretty easily, I opted to don panties. Sure, it would have been such a turn-on to be sitting in the restaurant without a stitch of clothing on under my dress, but I was far less daring than my sister or her friends. Well, I chuckled to myself, without their involvement anyway.

By the time I was ready with make-up, hair and outfit, I still had half an hour. I sat at my desk and was going through USC's course catalog. I was really immersed looking at the website. I had just decided to go to USC and now I was shopping for major. I did a quick Google search on USC and discovered that they were ranked as the top game design school. I sat back in my chair with that knowledge. My sister, unwittingly, had me apply to a top school for game design. I smiled at my fortune. Then a thought hit me, perhaps Kaitlin hadn't just had me apply to USC to get me closer to her. Maybe she did it because it would be a great fit for me. One that I wouldn't have seen otherwise. She, also, had the benefit of being closer to me. I was musing how much my sister had been looking out for me since the start of Winter Break. She hadn't just woken my sexuality. She had shown me that despite my beliefs I was beautiful and desirable. She had opened up her friendships with me to share. And now, she had opened my eyes to a school I would never have applied to before Christmas. Or maybe, I was giving her too much credit for my evolving and it was purely a means for her to get into my panties. Just then, the doorbell rang.

I hurried to the door and opened it. Standing outside, was a gentleman. He was about a foot taller than me wearing a suit and tie. He had short brown hair, green eyes and clean cut. I was blinking as I took in the sight of him.

"You must be Hailey."

"Yeah. How do you know my name?"

"My wife," he gestured to where his car was parked, "told me you were pretty. I didn't expect her to have exaggerated so much." I looked over his shoulder and saw Paige wave at me. I blushed at his comment, assuming he had meant that Paige undersold my beauty and not oversold it. "Are you ready to go?"

"Let me just go fetch my purse?" He nodded his assent as he waited on the porch. I left the open door, shaking my head. I retrieved my small purse, it only had room for a small wallet, my phone, my set of keys, and quick essentials for touching up my make-up. I quickly decided to grab a jacket before exiting my room. When I arrived at the door, James was standing exactly like I had left him. When I locked up, he crooked his arm. Smiling, I slipped my hand around his elbow and we walked to the car. He held the rear passenger door open for me to get in.

Paige leaned through the gap between the front seats. She wiggled her index finger for me to lean in closer. When I did, she kissed me, quickly, on the mouth. She then stage whispered, "You look stunning."

I sat back in the seat and buckled up. When I looked up, I saw James' eyes on me through the rear-view mirror. "She's right you know. I have never won a single argument with her, but this time I don't even have to try. You do look amazing." I blushed and said thank you for the compliments, but it made me wonder why this group of people can see something in me that the people in my high school can't. 

We drove to a nice upscale French restaurant. I was suddenly glad I hadn't worn the jeans and blouse. I was also glad I decided to wear panties as this was definitely not a place I'd like to expose myself in. James opened my door and, holding out his hand, helped me out. Paige managed to get out on her own. I looked at her apologetically. She shook her head at me, "Don't worry about me. Tonight is about you. I explicitly told James to treat you like royalty. He'll get his reward later." Lowering her voice conspiratorially, "With or without you. Your choice." She finished saying with a wink.

We ate and talked through dinner. Paige told me that Friday and Saturday was their date nights, since they both worked days and he was busy on weeknights. I learned that James worked at a bank while going to night classes at the local community college. I chuckled a little when he told me he was going to school to be an accountant. I had to explain that was my dad's profession. They were the first people I told about my recent decision to go to USC. Paige gave me a crushing hug while James offered his congratulations. 

I excused myself to go to the ladies' room. Paige followed me. While waiting on Paige, I was washing up. When she got out of her stall, she asked, "Are you nervous?" I merely nodded. She hugged me from behind and said, "You have all the power here. What happens is purely up to you. Perhaps, we order our dessert to go and head to my place. Just talk, like we have been, and see where it takes us." I liked the sound of that so I agreed.

Paige informed James of the decision. He was about to ask something, but a quick glance at Paige and the question died before he could utter it. We ordered our desserts, James requested them to be packaged to go, and James paid the bill. Once we got to their home, we sat on the couch and ate our desserts. Paige asked, "So how's your last Spring Break as a high schooler been?" I blushed remembering everything I did this week. James laid a hand on Paige's knee and I saw a look on Paige's face that looked like she was going to apologize, possibly retract the question, but I started talking before she had a chance to. I wasn't embarrassed by what I had done. I felt there was nothing wrong with my actions and thus not at all embarrassed. My blushing was more from excitement remembering those encounters. I told them everything. Every sordid detail I could recall. I could tell they were getting excited. So was I.

When I was done, James stood up from the couch and pulled me from my seat. He then kissed me firmly on the mouth. It was my first kiss with a man. It was as smooth as one with a woman. It was gritty. Despite his best efforts at shaving, he was still rough. I could feel his hard-on pressing into me. His arms wrapped around me, protecting me. Just then, I felt Paige slip behind me and press herself up against me. She was nuzzling my neck, kissing the exposed skin, massaging my breasts.

James leaned away, separating our mouths, and asked, "Do you want this?" I was panting. I was still nervous, but the look on James' face revealed the truth in Paige's words—I did have the power here. I nodded my head. James scooped me up into his arms. My mind recalled all the times I felt my dad do the same thing when I fell asleep on the couch watching movies. Maybe this is why I felt safe here in a new situation? I didn't know. I didn't have time to figure it out either. My body was tingling in anticipation. My mind was off thinking of all the experiences I'd had and wondering what was in store for me next. Nothing prepared me for what lay ahead for me.

James lay me on the bed. I looked up and saw Paige had stripped off her clothes as she walked behind us. She looked at James, who then sat in an armchair in the room. Paige then crawled on the bed. She slipped off one strap of my dress off my shoulder. She then kissed the exposed skin. While kissing my body, her other hand slipped off my remaining strap. Her kisses then meandered to the other side of my body. I looked up and saw James watching intently. Paige, seeing my gaze, told me, "We're gonna put on a show for him. When you are ready, he will join, okay?" I nodded. She pulled me into a deep kiss as she slowly pulled the dress down my body.

Our kiss ended, but her journey had just begun. She kissed my chin, the hollow part in my throat, down my sternum. Upon reaching the valley between my breasts, she glanced up at me and, without breaking eye contact with me, kissed around one breast. Her kisses started at the furthest part of my breast and circled around it. The circles got smaller and smaller until finally her mouth was on my nipple, sucking it, biting it, licking it. All the while, her hands had continued to pull my dress was around my waist. Once she was done with one breast, she kissed her way to my other one and repeated the process. Our eyes never broke contact.

Realizing her destination had yet to be reached, she again trailed kisses down my body. She paused her descent when she reached my belly button. Kissing and licking around it, my dress at my knees now, she began slipping my panties off. I arched my back off the bed to ease her task. As soon as my panties were over my ass and I was laying back on the bed, Paige deftly slid a finger into my pussy. I was panting by this point. When her finger slid in, I let out a moan. She moved her finger around inside me. I started squirming. She didn't start thrusting into me, she just kept wiggling her finger. Soon, I felt another finger slide in. Still, she didn't start thrusting her fingers. Her new finger wiggled, not in tandem with the first invader but in opposition. I don't know if that's the right word. It's hard to explain, but it felt amazing. I was moaning constantly at this point, bucking my hips, urging her to move those magic fingers of hers. But her hand stayed clamped on my mound, her wiggling fingers embedded into my hot, wet core.

She repositioned herself so her other hand could finally pull my dress and panties down the remainder of the way off my body. I barely registered that I was now fully nude on James and Paige's bed. I was lost in a sea of delirium. So badly I wanted to orgasm, all of my other senses seemed to have been shut off. Then, Paige changed her tactics. The wiggling fingers ceased. My breathing and squirming stilled. And Paige's magic fingers started thrusting into me. Her thumb massaged my clit until, that is, her mouth was on it sucking it, her tongue flicking at it. My hands clutched the headboard, my knuckles turning white, if I had cared to look at them. My back arched but, with Paige's body now on top of my legs, not very high. My orgasm was crashing into me like the morning tide.

I was trembling from my orgasm. I was lost in the aftermath. Lost to my passion of the moment. Paige kissed up my body, soothingly. She pulled me into a kiss, my juices still on her mouth. Breaking the kiss, she looked towards her husband. I followed her gaze. I was startled. I had forgotten all about James sitting their, neglected. Paige whispered to me, "Want to let James in on the fun?" I nodded. James couldn't hear us. I disentangled myself from Paige and stood by the bed letting James see my naked body, fully. Then getting a wickedly, naughty idea in my head, dropped to my knees and crawled to him.

When I got to his seat, I raised up on my knees between his legs. I pulled him into a kiss. He could smell my arousal. His dick was pressing into my stomach. He had not moved from his perch throughout his wife and my display. Not even to undress. The only thing he had removed was his tie, but that had been removed once we got into the house. Everything had remained buttoned and zipped since we came into the room. I leaned over him and nervously whispered, "I've not done...anything...with a man before. I don't know what to do."

"Don't worry. Whatever you want to do will be enough."

I started, hesitantly, unbuttoning his shirt. Reaching his trousers, I fumbled with his belt and fly. Having his pants loosened, I slid his shirt off his shoulders. He leaned forward so I could slip it down his arms. Their it remained on the chair behind him. I then slowly lifted his undershirt off and tossed it on the floor. I studied the torso in front of me. He had a little flab, but was fit enough to seem he tried to get some workout in despite his busy life. He was covered in hair. It wasn't thick and matted. I ran my hands over his stomach and chest. My fingers ran circles around his body, especially through the hair that grew there. I leaned in and kissed his collar bone. I started to kiss lower and lower. I wondered if men liked their nipples kissed and suckled like I did mine. So I gave it a try. I looked at him, but the look in his face didn't mirror mine when this was done. 

His face was a mask to me. I couldn't figure it out. I kissed lower. I got to his pants and looking back up to him, I grabbed either side and started to pull them down. He stood, as best he could with me in front of him, so his pants could fall to his ankles. With his arms clasped on the arms of the chair behind him holding him up, I pulled his boxers off, with some difficulty with a dick in the way. Once the boxers were off, I was face-to-face with my first ever dick. With quivering hands, I reached out to it. I ran my fingers, lightly over the head and down the shaft. I heard a gasp. Looking up, I saw the mask I had been confused by shattered. Here was the center of his pleasure. 
