 Ever since we'd gotten engaged, I'd been teasing my fiancé, Julie, about how much I was looking forward to my bachelor party and hinting at the wild events that would likely take place.

She would usually pout, telling me I didn't need to have one. The thought of me and a few of my friends drinking and watching x-rated movies didn't bother her much, but she was afraid one of them would arrange for a stripper and things would go beyond stripping.

Once an actual date for the party had been set, she seemed to get more worried than before and started saying she was going to the party with me. I explained to her the only way that was going to happen was if she volunteered to be the stripper. She told me I was crazy, but I decided it would be fun to tease her about it.

The next time we were fooling around, I whispered to her that I was looking forward to seeing her performance at my bachelor party. She gave me a "yeah, right", but as my hand glided over her pussy I began to tell her how I imagined it might go.

"Remember a few months ago when you tied me naked to the banister, then slowly stripped to the music, rubbing your hands all over your body? And then you lay back on the floor, spreading your legs open so I could see your pussy. Then you pulled your vibrator out from under the pillow and started licking and sucking it like it was my cock. Do you remember that?"

"Of course. Did you like that?" she said, feigning innocence.

"I loved it. And do you remember how you ran the vibrator over your breasts, making your nipples even harder? And finally you ran it over your pussy, getting it all wet with your juices, teasing yourself before finally working the head of it into your pussy. How you slowly worked it into yourself inch by inch until you were finally filled with it and began sliding it in and out until you came in that intense orgasm. Do you know how sexy that was?"

"You may have mentioned it. When I finally opened my eyes your cock did look like it was about to burst."

"Oh, it was. Now just imagine doing that for my friends and me. I'm sure they'd love it as much as I did." As I said this, I started sliding my finger into her pussy.

"I couldn't do something like that in front of your friends." She was trying desperately to get my finger deeper inside her. "Besides, they wouldn't enjoy it as much as you did, would they?" She seemed to ask this with sincere curiosity, but before I could answer she kissed me deeply and rolled me onto my back. Quickly mounting my cock, she fucked me with wild abandon until we were both spent. I knew she would never do something so wild, but we both seemed to enjoy fantasizing about it.

The date of the bachelor party was getting close and when I mentioned to Julie that my best man, Todd, was calling later that day to make the arrangements, she told me she had an idea.

"Instead of hiring a stripper," she said while looking shyly at the floor, "I'll dance in a sexy outfit, but only if I can wear a mask so your friends don't recognize me."

"That's a great idea, Julie." I said feeling excitement growing in my groin, "But I think the guys would be disappointed in a stripper that didn't strip."

She stood quietly contemplating this, then took a deep breath and said, "Okay, I'll put on a striptease for them, but I'm wearing a mask and I'm not taking my panties off."

I couldn't believe she was actually agreeing to do a striptease for a bunch of my drunken, horny friends. The bulge in my pants made it apparent I was excited by the idea, but I figured I'd better make sure she knew what she was getting into. "You do realize that by the time you get there we'll have been drinking and watching pornos for a couple of hours, right?"

"So?" she asked innocently.

"Well, they're going to be really horny and probably a little drunk, so they might get kind of obnoxious and might even try to touch you," I explained.

"I'll be alright," she said. "Besides, you'll be there to protect me. Heck, I'll need a few drinks myself if I'm going to actually do this."

"Are you sure about this?" I asked. "If you say yes, I'm going to call Todd and tell him that the stripper is taken care of and you won't be able to back out."

She paused for a moment, then took a deep breath and said, "Yes, for you, I'll do it."

I smiled a big smile, gave her a passionate kiss, and went to call Todd.

As the date grew nearer, I kept asking Julie how the plans were coming for her act. "You'll just have to wait until the party to find out," she responded with a flirty wink.

I couldn't help but fantasize about how it would go and in my fantasies it always went beyond the stripping, ending differently each time, but always with her getting lots of cock.

Finally, the date arrived and the guys showed up for the weekend. There were George, Brett, and my best man Todd.

Friday night was spent catching-up and Saturday got off to a leisurely start. The bachelor party was going to be an all day kind of thing, so shortly after breakfast the first x-rated movie started playing. Not surprisingly, it was a gangbang movie. After the movie ended, Todd asked when the stripper was showing up.

"Sorry, not until this evening," I explained. 

The guys all moaned their disappointment and we spent the rest of the day watching movies, playing cards, and drinking beer.

At about 5:00 the phone rang. It was my fiancé and she wanted to know if we were ready for her.

I said, "We certainly are! You're going to be stripping in front of four very horny men."

She gave a nervous laugh and said she'd be over shortly. We hung up and I told the guys the stripper was on her way. They all cheered and started asking questions about her. I told them she was an acquaintance of mine and that they'd better be nice to her. They wanted to know more about her, but I told them they'd just have to wait and see.

Soon there was a knock at the door. I jumped up to answer it. When I opened the door, there stood Julie wearing a Mardi Gras-style mask, a long dress coat, and a pair of high heels. I couldn't wait to see what she was (or wasn't) wearing under that coat! She was also carrying a bag and I could only imagine what might be in it. She stepped inside and looked around the room, but didn't say a word. The guys looked at her lustfully and beckoned her inside.

An adult film was playing on the TV and she paused to watch it for a few minutes. A petite little woman was taking three big, black cocks at once and Julie seemed momentarily mesmerized by it. Pulling herself away, she set her bag down and slowly began to unbutton her conservative dress coat, revealing a cropped, hot pink, and very tight t-shirt and a pair of very snug fitting short shorts. As she dropped the coat on the floor, it was obvious to all of us she wasn't wearing a bra under that shirt, which made us wonder if there was anything under the shorts. She looked extremely hot and the mask only made her more alluring.

She bent over and reached into her bag, giving us all a chance to check out her nice round ass and smooth, bare legs. She pulled a homemade CD from her bag and, handing it to me, pointed to the stereo. I nervously loaded the CD in the player and pushed play. As the pulsing music began playing, I muted the TV but left the video playing. I thought maybe if the guys could still watch the woman on TV get filled with cock they wouldn't be disappointed by a tame stripper.

Julie began to slowly dance around the room, moving very sexily, running her hands over her body, and looking extremely hot. I was very happy knowing this was my fiancé looking so sexy. She danced slowly past each one of us and around the coffee table in the center of the room. Once she'd made a loop of the room, she stood in the center and began to rub her pert breasts on the outside of her shirt. Her nipples were as hard as I'd ever seen them and that was through her shirt! She grabbed the bottom of the shirt and slowly began to pull it upwards. Just as her nipples were about to come into view, she stopped and rubbed the undersides of her breasts, teasing us like an expert. Then she pulled the t-shirt up further and we all sighed audibly when her pointy nipples came into view. We held our breath as she took the shirt completely off, being careful not to disturb her mask. She has very sexy, perky tits and they looked especially hot today because her nipples were so hard.

She gently ran her hands over her tits as she swayed to the sultry music, then began to walk past each of us again. This time she leaned forward towards each of us so we could get a good look at her breasts and then would slowly back away and move on to the next guy. As she did this to Todd, he reached up and touched her breast. She slowly but purposefully reached up and removed his hand and shook her finger at him. She hadn't said a word since arriving and apparently didn't plan to as part of her plan to remain anonymous. Once she finished her circuit, she moved back to the front of the room and faced the TV. For a few moments she again seemed to be lost watching the porno as one of the guys shot his cum onto the woman's tits. While she watched, she slowly began to peel her shorts off.

Underneath she had on a very sexy, matching pink g-string that displayed her beautiful heart-shaped ass to us. She dropped her shorts to the floor and stepped carefully out of them, reaching behind her to rub her ass like we all wished we could. With a sudden smack of her ass, she started dancing again but seemed to continue to watch the video.

As she danced she bent forward, giving us not only a better view of her sexy behind, but also a great view of her barely-covered pussy. We also noticed that the hot pink g-string was very wet where her pussy was. Apparently this was turning her on even more than I thought! I was really disappointed knowing the show was about to end and even more disappointed knowing I'd have to wait until tomorrow to make love to her.

Just then George shouted out, "Take it all off!"

The other two guys joined in and in the spirit of things so did I, knowing full well she wasn't going to. Then, while she was still bent over, and much to my surprise, she reached up and grabbed the strings on either side of her hips and slowly began to peel the g-string off. What little coverage there was soon slipped away and all of our cocks got even harder as we stared at her cleanly shaved and clearly excited pussy. I couldn't believe that Julie had actually stripped completely naked in front of my friends! She pulled the g-string the rest of the way down, stepped out of it, and tossed it backwards at us. I was too slow and George got it, bringing it to his face and breathing in the scent of her sex. If he only knew whose g-string that really was!

Still bent over, she moved her feet apart and reached back to caress her legs in a slow, sexy motion. As her hand reached the top of her thigh where I thought it would stop, she continued on to her pussy, giving it a gentle rub, then running her hand back down her other thigh, leaving a light trail of her wetness. This time when her hand reached her pussy, she ran her finger through her wetness and across her clit, then used two fingers to spread her lips apart. I'm sure all of us wanted to reach out and touch her, but just then she stood up and turned around and resumed dancing to the music. She danced by each of us once again, but this time she took a little longer and rubbed her hands all over her naked body as we watched intently. When Todd reached out to try to touch her, she moved just out of reach. I somehow managed to behave myself, but when George tried to touch her breasts, she didn't move away quite as quickly. And when Brett reached for her pussy, she actually let him slip a finger between her lips briefly before moving away.

Wow! This was more than I'd hoped for!

She went over to her bag and pulled out a can of whipped cream. This was getting interesting! She walked over to Todd, put some whipped cream on her nipples, and leaned forward so he could lick it off. He stuck out his tongue and carefully licked the whipped cream off each breast. She moved over to me and, after applying a fresh coat of whipped cream to her breasts, straddled my legs stuck her tits in my face. I eagerly licked and sucked her nipples until they were perfectly clean and very hard. She slowly pulled away and moved over to George so he could do the same thing. However, George wasn't content to use just his mouth. He reached up and took a breast in each hand as he licked the whipped cream off. Even after the whipped cream was gone, he kept squeezing and sucking on her tits. She slowly pulled away from him and moved over to Brett. After applying some more whipped cream, she knelt on either side of Brett and thrust her chest out. As he licked up the whipped cream Julie started to moan. Her eyes were closed and she was clearly enjoying what he was doing. It was only when I looked down that I saw his hand moving between her legs. She was letting him finger her right in front of all of us!

She opened her eyes for a moment and looked over at George to see if he was enjoying the show. I hadn't notice before, but he had taken his cock out and was sitting there stroking it. Julie smiled when she saw this and closed her eyes again. I turned to look at Todd and realized he had his cock out too. My cock was so hard I couldn't wait to get it out of the confines of my pants. Within a minute I was slowly stroking my cock too while I watched Julie grind her pussy on Brett's hand. But just as she seemed to be getting close to an orgasm, she stood up and took a step back. Glancing at the three of us with our cocks out, she looked at Brett and pointed at his crotch. He quickly got the message and began to undo his pants. Lifting his hips and pulling his pants down, he released the biggest cock I'd ever seen in real life. This guy could have been in the movies we'd been watching he was so big. I couldn't help but stare at it for a moment, then turned to look at Julie. She was standing there staring at it too, but her hand was between her legs gently rubbing her pussy.

She must have realized she was staring and quickly turned and went back to her bag. Pulling out one of her vibrators, she moved over to the coffee table and repositioned it, laying down on it so that her feet were towards us. The black vibrator was about nine inches long, thick, and very lifelike. She brought it to her mouth and began licking and sucking it, making us wish it was our cock instead. After taking a good portion of it into her mouth, she withdrew it, turned it on, and rubbed the tip over her tits, paying close attention to her nipples. Then she slid it slowly down her stomach and when it reached the little patch of hair left on her pussy, she pulled her legs back and apart and ran the tip of it down between her swollen lips. I was happy, but really surprised that she'd decided to put on the whole show after all. Maybe I'd have to pull her into my bedroom and have a quickie before she left.

We were all mesmerized as she ran the head of the fake cock between her lips, over her clit, and all over her pussy. We were even more mesmerized as she began working the large vibrator between her lips and slipped the head inside. Slowly she worked a little more then a little more inside herself, pulling it back out a little, then pushing it deeper inside. Soon she had its entire length buried in her pussy and began to have a tremendous orgasm. She could no longer keep quiet and moaned out loud as she came. She looked so incredibly sexy as her body shook from the intense release.

As she was coming down from her orgasm with the vibrator still deep inside her, I was shocked to see Todd stand up, remove the rest of his pants, and walk over to her. Not sure what he was going to do at first, I was prepared to jump up and tell him to sit back down. But before I could, she opened her eyes, smiled, and reached out to grab him by the cock. She slowly stroked his shaft and as a big drop of pre-cum formed at the tip, she pulled him closer and stuck her tongue out to catch it. She let a string of wetness stretch between her lips and his cock, then moved back towards him and ran her tongue over his cock head and down his shaft like she had done to me so many times before. She proceeded to give him one of her fantastic blowjobs as the rest of us watched in amazement. 

"Oh yeah, suck my cock," was about all Todd could manage to say. 

I couldn't believe how far she was letting this go, but I was all for it.

As she was taking his shaft into her mouth, George got up and removed his pants too, then kneeled between her legs, pulled the vibrator slowly from her, and began eating her pussy in earnest. This just caused her to suck on Todd's cock harder and faster and before long he moaned, "I...I...I...I'm gonna cum!" 

I couldn't wait to see how she'd respond. With a loud moan he thrust forward and began to shoot his hot cum into her willing mouth. At first she tried to swallow it, but then she started to have an orgasm of her own from having her pussy licked and pulled it from her mouth, causing his hot, sticky cum to spray onto her mask, lips, and cheeks. She licked up as much as her tongue could reach and rubbed the rest into her skin.

Just when I thought I'd seen it all, George moved up and aimed his cock at her swollen pussy. Surely he wasn't going to put his cock in my fiancé's pussy! And then I remembered they had no idea this was my fiancé. As she looked down between her legs and saw what he was about to do, I knew she was about to put a stop to things. She looked past him at me, smiled, then reached down and spread her pussy lips for him! I couldn't believe she was actually going to let my friend do it! I was shocked and incredibly turned on. I watched as he placed the head of his cock between her spread lips and pushed gently forward, the head slipping easily inside. She released her lips as he slid the entire length of his cock into her with one long push.

"Oh!" she cried out in pleasure in spite of herself.

"You like that cock in your pussy, don't you?" George teased. She shook her head yes with a big smile, but still didn't say anything. George continued, "Would you like me to take it out?" 

She quickly shook her head no. Slowly he pulled back until the head almost emerged, then quickly thrust back into her causing her to gasp out loud. He began a steady in and out rhythm that caused her tits to sway enticingly back and forth.

Just then I realized that the only guy who hadn't been involved yet, other than myself, was Brett and he had stripped naked and was leaning down to suck on one of her tits. I decided it was my turn to get involved too, so I stripped naked and moved up to give her a kiss. She had licked her lips clean of cum by this point, so I gave her a deep passionate kiss as she moaned into my mouth. I moved down to take her other nipple between my lips and then remembered one of the fantasies she'd shared with me about having both of her breasts sucked on at the same time by two different guys. I was glad to be fulfilling one of her fantasies too, even if it wasn't exactly the way she'd imagined it.

Brett and I sucked and licked her nipples eagerly as her body rocked back and forth from the fucking she was getting from George. Even though she'd managed not to talk much yet, she could no longer hold back her moans of pleasure and I hoped the neighbors would think it was the TV. Brett decided it was time to change places and stood up to offer his cock to her mouth. I was curious to see how much of his huge cock she'd be able to get into her mouth. She was really good at sucking cock, but this seemed even too big for her to handle. She licked at the head and gradually began working the shaft into her mouth. When she had managed to get about half of it in, George couldn't take any more and with a loud moan, pulled his cock out of her and began spraying his hot cum all over her stomach and pussy. She had one hand wrapped around Brett's cock, so with the other she reached down and began rubbing the fresh cum into her skin. This seemed like a good time for me to change positions, so I stood up and got between her legs, sliding my cock into her with one swift motion. I just held it there for a minute and watched as she continued to try and take more of Brett's big cock into her mouth. She'd back out a little to catch her breath, then slide it in as far as she could, getting a little further each time. I held my cock still inside her until she'd managed to get the entire length of Brett's shaft into her mouth. Once she'd done this, she began sucking in earnest and I began to move quickly in and out, knowing that I wouldn't last long no matter what I did. I was way too turned on and figured I'd quickly be ready for a second round.
