 Chapter 3 The Call

It is the next day, and I can't get her off of my mind. I stare down at the two numbers that she gave me, wondering if both were good, or if either were at all. I don't want her to think that I am desperate, or that there is no one else whom I could or would have, but all I want is to be deep inside of her. I throw caution into the wind and call the first number, I hear her voice, but it is only her home answering service, so I leave a message, "Hey its me from the other night, I know I never gave you my name, but it is Don. Please give me a call back as soon as you get this. I really need to discuss an idea." 

I hang up and look intently at the other phone number, wondering if I should try it as well. I decide there is no harm in trying and call it as well. Again I get an answering service, so I leave my number and my name, telling her that I really enjoyed myself and wanted to discuss the possibility of hooking up later. I don't know what she will think, I called both numbers that she gave me, I don't know her name, and I feel the need to be deep inside of her. Almost as if she is the only woman there is and I just need to have her. 

A few minutes later she calls me back, introduces herself as "Winter" and asks me seductively what I had in mind. I reply, "We can meet for drinks, then go to your place, mine or a hotel room and figure things out from there. Whatever suits what we are in the mood for." 

She answers back, "I have a friend meeting me for dinner, and was going to spend some time with him tonight, but let me call him and see if we can either change plans or reschedule."

I am cool with the idea and I tell her, "Sounds great, just let me know what's up, and I will meet you at that dive bar off of lower State street at seven."

She approves and hangs up. A few minutes later she calls back, "My friend is cool with changing plans, and had an idea that sounded great. Would you be interested in a threesome?" 

My jaw drops and I am speechless, unsure of what to say. She waits as I try to gather my thoughts, then I say, "I am unsure, I have never done that. I don't know how I would be in a situation like that?"

She quickly replies, "First we will meet, the three of us, and have a couple of drinks and talk. If either of you get freaked or are unsure of the situation, then we will deal with it at that time. May end up with him just watching if anything, because I want you more than him."

I agree to the idea and finish the call. A threesome, MFM, BGB, two guys and a woman, I just can't stop thinking about it. It has been something that I always wanted to try, but was I ready, was I going to get freaked out or just not be able to perform? So many questions, so few answers, but they will be answered shortly. Time has flown by, it is almost six, and I start to get ready and go. 

I arrive before you do, so I order myself a Long Island Iced Tea, find a table with a great view of the stage and the entrance, sit down and nurse my drink. Before long I see you walk in with an attractive muscular guy, you both walk up to the bar and order yourselves a drink, and then you see me and direct him to follow you over. The two of you sit down and begin to start the small talk, as if we are all best friends from grade school or something. We enjoy ourselves as well as a couple more drinks, then you ask if we should all excuse ourselves for the evening.

I look at your friend and say, "Sure, why not?" Then I look back at you and ask, "Where to then?" 

You smile and say, "My place. It is set up and ready for us, we just need to get going before we don't have enough time to enjoy ourselves." 

I smile back and say, "I will meet you there, and it will take just a few minutes." Then I slam what is left of my drink and start to exit. I know a great adult shop down the street and grab a few things and head to your place. 

I arrive just as you do, and we all enter. You have candles everywhere, and you walk around lighting them one at a time, a few being scented. The smell of Sandalwood and sage wafts up through the air, as I notice you head into the bathroom. Your friend is more than eager, he almost rips his clothes off as he sees you enter the bathroom, erect and ready for instruction. I take my time and strip down to my shorts, to give you something to do when you emerge. 

You come out of the bathroom, and my eyes pop wide open, I can't believe what I see. You are dressed in just your bra and thong panties, but you have also put on some high heels and stockings. You walk directly over to me smile, and start slowly kissing my chest down to my waist, biting my shorts and pulling them away with your teeth. Your friend is frenzily masturbating, most likely near coming, as he watches. As you kiss your way back up to my face, I undo pull and throw your bra in one fell swoop straight into the corner, releasing you heavy breasts so that I can reach down and massage away, preparing them for my hungry mouth.

Your friend is in the corner grunting, I think he may be coming, either that or he can't handle seeing a beautiful woman naked, I honestly don't know. My attention is on you as you start to kiss me, sucking my tongue deep into your mouth, as I rub on one breast and massage your sweet mound between your legs, getting moister and moister by the second. 

I can't see your friend anymore, but I know he is there, doesn't matter, I release our embrace and start to kiss my way down your body, sucking and kissing as I go. I bite the band of your panties and pull them down with me, burying my nose in your fragrant pussy as I go down. On the return back up, I can't resist stopping for a quick lick and nibble, sending shivers up and down your body. 

I see your friend now, he has creeped up behind you, you notice and turn around fast, burying your face down on his cock, and trying to bury my cock deep inside of you at the same time. I bend over and start to lick away at your clit, driving you mad with each pass, only stopping when I think your pussy is dripping wet enough to give you what you want, sliding it in deep as you moan on his cock. 

He almost blows right then, but holds steady, trying make himself last, as if trying to prove to you that he is just as capable as me. I start out slow, fucking you in a circle, pumping each time while rotating my hips so as to hit every surface within your tight pussy. You are maddened by this and begin to rub your clit as I pump away. 

Your friend here isn't sure what to do, with each stroke I fill you with, you moan hard on his cock, making him want to cum. It isn't long before he just shoots his thick sticky load down your throat, bending over tense holding your head as you continue to suck away, draining every drop that you can. I am still going, only I decide to straddle your fine ass and fuck you in a downward motion, hitting the front of the inside of your pussy, driving you mad. You so badly want to cum, and you draw nearer, still sucking hard on his cock to the point that it stays hard. You release him and stare back at me and say, "Sit on the edge of the bed and lie back." 

I do ask you say, and you follow me over, straddle me and proceed to slowly impale your tight asshole on my cock, reaching for your friend, pulling him close and directing him into your sopping wet pussy. We both just let you work your magic as you ride us both at the same time, filling you up then leaving a void the needs to be filled, over and over till you start to cum and milk us both dry. You push him away, then dismount me, dripping our hot cum all over.

You walk to the bathroom and clean up real quick, then turn to your friend and tell him, "Sorry sweetie, you have to go, I need him to fuck me real good, and you are just in the way right now." 

He looks discouraged, but grabs his clothes and starts to get dressed and leaves. 

With that you come over and start riding me hard and fast, first facing me, then facing away. Then you decide to change position again and pull me up and you lean over the side of the bed, directing my cock into your tight pussy. Before long you want it differently, not knowing you look at me and ask, "What can we do, I need you and I need you to make it different?" 

I smile and grab you, pull you up into the air and swing you so that your legs are wrapped tight around my waist, slam you up against the wall and begin to fuck you hard. You moan and scream right away, wide eyed and uncertain about what is going on, you bounce happily on my cock as I thrust hard and deep inside you. It isn't long before we both start screaming in pleasure, coming hard. 

You are more than satisfied, but you want more. I let you down and you fall to your knees and begin to suck hard on my cock, savoring every bit of cream that you can find, and making sure that I stay hard for you. You push me onto the bed, and climb on top of me, straddling me as you slide me deep inside of you. You ride me slow and hard, grinding your clit into me with each stroke. You don't want to cum as much as you love the feeling of my hard cock deep inside of you, filling you up. 

You ride me for a while, so long that I lose track of time, being lost in the feeling of having you wrapped tightly around my cock. The best thing that comes to mind is "A perfect fit!" It is almost like we both feel that way. 

Neither of us wants love, companionship, or anything other than to feel the other. Pure lust for one another, unbridled sex at its finest. 

After a long while we both finally both cum hard, harder than ever before, tensing up and feeling the electric between us. You roll off of me, and lie there cuddling me till you fall asleep. I quietly get up and get dressed, find a note pad in your nightstand and write the following down, "Winter, It was wonderful for me, but I had to leave. Please call me when you are available so that we can get together again. Don"

I place it under the edge of the phone and kiss you, first on your forehead, then on your lips. Quietly walking out, hoping that you will call me back this time. Who knows, maybe I made more of an impression on you by trying something that you wanted, that maybe you will try something else just for me. We'll seee.