 The first time I met Cory, I knew that I wanted this woman to be my wife. She was not only gorgeous with a fantastic body but we just clicked and got along beautifully as we seemed to like many of the same things. That night, she invited me in when I took her home from the dinner party at which we had met. We wound up having delicious sex and I spent the night with her. In a few months, our relationship had grown quite serious, as we had been seeing each other quite often, so when she proposed moving in with me, it seemed only natural as we both wanted each other as much. When I agreed, she told me to sit down as she had something to tell me which may affect our plans.

She told me that she respected me too much to keep an important fact from me before we start living together and proceeded to tell me that she was a bisexual and had to have a lot of sex with both gals and guys. Cory told me that she had no control over it as things just seemed to turn her on and she had to react. She promised that once we start living together, she would only want to have sex with me present and hopefully joining in. She had no idea of the effect this was having on me because I had been trying to think of a way to get her involved in group sex since it was introduced to me by some good friends previously and I found it very exciting and very stimulating. 

I told her not to worry because I want her enough to share her on occasion so she can relax on that point. I'll never forget the relieved look on her face when I told her that and she walked over and gave me a big hug and kiss and that was the start of a loving, exciting and very satisfying relationship which I have never regretted. 

She and I always had great sex and I loved every minute of our lovemaking but now a new wrinkle would be added as others would be joining us on occasion. The first time was the day after she moved her things in and started living with me. She told me that she had invited a close girlfriend over to spend the evening with them and was sure that I would like her as she was not only gorgeous but had a body to die for and was also bi. She said that Toni would be coming over about eight pm so we ate early and finished cleaning up the kitchen with about a half an hour to spare. Cory said that she was going to undress and put on a robe and suggested that I do the same. I told her that I would follow her every lead tonight as I wanted to experience the role she wanted me to play in her sex life. She walked over to me, poked her hand through my robe and grasped my thick organ in her hand and told me that I am her man in every sense of the word and she wants me to enjoy the evening before us as much as she will. 

She told me to keep my organ nice and hard so she can show it to Toni when she arrives and, with that, the doorbell rings and Cory opens the door to reveal an absolutely gorgeous Asian woman with a body that took my breath away. Cory brought her into the living room where I was sitting and introduced us and then opened my robe to proudly show Toni my thick erection which was now her personal toy. Toni couldn't tear her eyes away from my penis until Cory suggested that she undress and we all go into the bedroom. Cory stayed with her while she undressed and I went into the bedroom and waited for them. The two of them appeared totally naked in the bedroom door and the sight of them took my breath away. 

Cory asked me to sit in the sofa chair and watch them for awhile as she wants to see my reaction to their lovemaking and took Toni's hand and led her over to the bed and asked her to lay back and relax as she wanted to lose herself in pleasuring her first. I watched as Cory played with the delicate labia lips and ran her fingertip over the growing clitoris which already had its head peeking out of the hood in anticipation. I saw the look of passion on her face as she lowered her head to Toni's sexy crotch and began kissing it, licking it and sucking it reverently as she worshipped every millimeter of the delicious cunt she was sucking. Toni was going wild and held Cory's head tightly as she wiggled her hips and fed every part of her crotch to Cory's eager tongue and lips. 

I was as hard as a rock watching the two of them and was lightly stroking my shaft as I saw how much Cory loved pussy by the way she was worshipping Toni's organ. Then Toni asked Cory to swing around so that she could get at her also and the two of them entwined in a 69 and proceeded to draw gobs of precum out of me from the sight alone. The two gorgeous women totally lost themselves in pleasuring each other and, as I watched them, I was using the copious amount of precum flowing out as lubrication for my stroking. I didn't want to cum just yet so I slowed down a bit on the stroking although my eyes were transfixed on Cory and Toni as they absolutely worshipped each other's crotches from asshole to clit. Then Cory started to whimper as she pressed her cunt down on Toni's hungry mouth and experienced a mind blowing orgasm which triggered Toni's also and she opened her thighs wide for Cory's still searching mouth as she flooded her face with her juices. 

After a few moments, Cory looked over at me and asked if I enjoyed the show. I told her that it was a tremendous turn on for me and showed her my thick, throbbing erection as proof. She looked down at Toni and asked her if she would like to try a very nice cock which happens to belong to her now and Toni smiled back and beckoned me over to the bed. She lay back with her arms over her head and her thighs splayed wide and asked me if I liked what I saw. In answer, I licked the insides of her thighs until I reached her slit and then I kissed her swollen labia and took each lip in my mouth and tugged on it lightly before sliding my tongue between them and into the pink, wet hole to taste her flavors and breathe in her sexy aroma. 

Then I trailed my tongue up to her clit, which was already out and looking up at me so I took it between my lips and sucked on it while running the tip of my tongue back and forth over it. When she started to groan and mutter sexy things, I lifted my face from her cunt and moved over her as I fit the head of my organ to her sweet passage and pushed it in until the entire crown popped inside. Her eyes were opening wider as my thickness filled her and then I saw Cory swing over her and lower her cunt to Toni's mouth as she toyed with her clit and watched me fuck her friend. 

I lifted my head and found Cory's erect nipple in front of me so I took it between my lips and sucked it as I stroked into Toni. I started long, deep thrusts into Toni and she told me never to stop what I was doing to her so that she could feel these sensations all the time and then she cried out as her orgasm struck and I felt her cunt tighten around my shaft in a series of spasms which wet my penis with her juices. 

Cory asked me if I had cum also and when I told her that I hadn't as yet, asked me to disengage from Toni and feed her my thick cock as she wanted me to fill her with my meat and then my cum. Toni slid over to make room for Cory and as soon as she was ready, I rubbed the head of my penis up and down her slit wetting it with my precum and then fed it inside her slowly inch by thick inch and got even more horny listening to her moans and gasps as more and more of my penis filled her. Cory's cunt was like no other to me and I loved the way it grasped my thickness and held it tight as I stroked into her. I loved fucking her and knew that it wouldn't be long before 

I blew my load and she sensed it also as she started moving her hips and asking me to fill her cunt with my hot cum juices. It happened suddenly and I felt the rush of pleasure as my organ erupted in a series of spasms which deposited load after load of my cum cream inside her. As the spurts splashed into her, she reached around me and held me tight as she went into orgasm also and we both went to that special place together. When I finally withdrew my organ, I lay down on my back between the two gals to rest. Cory brought some refreshing cold drinks as we took turns showering and then the three of us sat down naked in the living room and sipped our drinks as we talked about how well everything is going thus far since the three of us seem to have vibes for one another. 

It was during this conversation that Toni mentioned something about her husband and I looked up surprised as I thought she was single. She told me that she's married to a doctor who joins her in sex partying most of the time and that he's bisexual also. I told her that I'd like to meet him sometime if she could arrange it and she agreed adding that she's quite sure I'm going to like him and can't wait to see the two of us having sex. Having said that, she crossed the room and kneeled between my parted thighs and nuzzled my crotch with her face while licking my balls and slowly hardening shaft. She looked up at me and smiled as she watched my cock rise to all its glory again and she couldn't help wrapping her lips around the swollen crown and sucking deeply on it as she looked into my glazed eyes. Cory suggested that we retire to the bed and get comfortable since she wants a piece of the action also. 

When all three of us were in bed, Cory asked if she could sit on my cock while Toni sat on my face and then they would switch back and forth until I cum. I wholeheartedly agreed as I couldn't wait to have these two beauties again and lay back as Cory straddled me and fit the head of my cock to her pink, wet hole and slowly lowered herself onto my shaft. Just then I saw Toni's sexy crotch appear over my head and watched it with interest as it descended tantalizingly slow to my eager lips. She started to feed me her cunt and then switched to her anus so I dipped my tongue into her and heard her gasp in pleasure as it penetrated her puckered hole. She moved slightly and fed me her clit to suck and I was in total heaven as Cory worked expertly on my throbbing penis and milked it with her pussy as she rode me. I had Toni's erect clit between my lips and was sucking firmly on it as she rode my face and threw her head back in ecstasy as I took her to never never land once again. 

Cory was moving around on my organ so that my cock penetrated every inch of her cunt and she was contracting her pussy around the shaft and milking it beautifully which was driving me wild as I feverishly sucked Toni's delicious cunt. Then Cory bore down on my shaft and cried out in orgasm as she bucked and rode my cock until her last spasm ended and she just sat there with my penis filling her hole and a satisfied smile on her face. I was driving my tongue deep inside Toni's hole when she grabbed my head in her hands and pulled me to her as she wet my face in orgasm and I tasted her juices dribbling down on my tongue.

Then Cory asked Toni to switch places with her and, as Toni fit the head of my throbbing organ to her wet cunthole and lowered herself on the thick pole with a sigh of contentment, Cory sat down on my face and started feeding me my favorite desert. Toni was totally lost in sensation as she rode my penis and told Cory how good it felt and what it was doing to her. It wasn't long before she stiffened and bore down on my shaft as she went into orgasm and, as soon as she came out of it, Cory asked her to join her in sucking the cum out of my balls. The two of them passed my thick, throbbing penis back and forth between them as they hungrily sucked the shaft and played with my balls and anus. 

It didn't take long for my orgasm to peak and I started to shoot long ropes of cum as they quickly passed my cock to each other so they could share my juices. They were licking their lips and squeezing my shaft up from the base to get every drop out when I suggested that we call it a night as I was exhausted. After Toni left, Cory hopped into bed with me and grasped my flaccid organ in her hand as she cuddled up and fell asleep in my arms. A few days after this exciting threesome, we went down to City Hall and got married and, since we couldn't spare much time, took a three day honeymoon in Bermuda.

A couple of days after we got back, I got a call in the office from Cory. She told me that she had invited a very well hung bi guy over tonight and that I should be ready for some hot action as he is a real cocksman. After I hung up the phone, I kept thinking about how well he was built and hoped that I would be turned on by him so that we three could have a ball tonight. I got home early and Cory and I finished dinner quickly and, after cleaning the dishes, we went into the bedroom, got undressed and showered as Cory told me what a beautiful cock Dean had and how much she was going to enjoy watching the two of us get it on together. When I came out of the bathroom after showering, Cory was sitting on the edge of the bed naked. 

She motioned me over and when I stood in front of her, she reached out and took my semi-hard penis in her hand and leaned forward to lick the tip. She told me that she just wanted a little appetizer before the main course which would be served as soon as Dean arrived. She was nibbling on my shaft when the doorbell rang and she slipped on her robe to answer the door. A minute later, she stood in the doorway with a good looking, athletically built guy and slipped off her robe as she told him to undress.  

I watched him with keen anticipation and noted his strong thighs and tight ass as he removed his shorts. Then he turned to walk to the bed and my heart gave a leap as I saw his beautiful, thick organ. I t was about 8 inches long soft and very thick with a smooth, sloped head that just begged to be sucked. He had his eyes fastened on my now fully erect organ and Cory suggested that he get to know it better as she knew he was going to enjoy himself. 

He got up on the bed and kneeled alongside me as he ran his hands over my chest, nipples and stomach before lightly touching my balls and then grasping my throbbing organ. As he played with me, I took his slowly hardening penis in my hand and squeezed it lightly as I played with his full, tight, ball sac. His cock felt alive and warm to the touch and, as he leaned down to lick my balls, I pulled his cock so that he was lying with his head on my thigh as I rested my head on his and contemplated the beautiful organ in front of me. I couldn't resist licking his cockhead, especially since I noticed a big drop of precum welling up in the slit and I found his flavor wonderful. The two of us started nursing on each other's organs and I found that he didn't get any longer when he got hard, just thicker and I concentrated on getting as much of his delicious precum as I could and found he was doing the same to me. 

Cory had come over and was running her hands over our asses and balls as we sucked each other and I saw that her hand was busy between her legs as she watched us. I was lost sucking Dean's gorgeous, tasty cock while he was doing a marvelous job on mine when, suddenly, I heard him groan and felt his organ jerk as he started shooting hot jets of cum into my eager mouth. As I was swallowing his delicious load, my organ swelled and began pumping my cum juices into his hungry mouth. The two of us were in another world as we drank our cum together and we both kept sucking each other long after our orgasms passed to make sure we got all of our juices. Cory was leaning back with her hand over her cunt and just recuperating from a mind blowing orgasm from watching us drink each other dry. 

We rested and had some cold drinks as Dean told us that he recently met a very nice young lady and is considering settling down with her soon as he really likes her. He told us that she's great in bed but he's not sure how she would take to group sex as he would like her to join him. I told him to invite her over some night and tell her that he's slept with us before and, if she likes us, she can join in. He said he would let us know what her reaction is asap. With that, Cory said that she would love to have me fuck her while Dean is fucking me. I told her OK but asked Dean if he would be gentle with that fabulous penis in my tender ass and he smiled and told me not to worry. Cory got down on her back and spread her legs wide for me as I fit the crown to her wet and ready vagina and pushed it inside until the head popped in. 

She gasped as my thick, swollen crown filled her passage and she started moving her hips back and forth to meet my thrusts as my cock went deeper and deeper inside her. When I got as deep as I could go, my cock was brushing against her cervix, and she was wildly swinging her head back and forth as she moaned and contracted her pussy around my thick shaft. As I held myself deep inside her cunt, I felt Dean's hands caressing my ass and balls and then I felt his cock against my anus as he rubbed it back and forth and got it good and wet with his precum before feeding the crown inside and then slowly feeding it inside inch by inch. I loved the feeling of having his beautiful penis fill my ass at the same time that I was enjoying the rapturous pleasures that Cory's cunt was giving me. Dean was being very gentle and I loved the feeling of his cock deep in my ass. 

It made it even more unworldly as my cock was being massaged by my wife's incomparable pussy at the same time and I was in a world of pleasure and on a beautiful high when Cory wrapped her thighs around me and started bucking in orgasm as she wet my organ with her juices and then kept fucking me as nothing had happened. 

Dean was holding my hips as he worked his thick organ in and out of my eager asshole and I heard his breaths start coming in short gasps as he filled me with cock and spurt after spurt of his hot cream. When I felt the first hot jet in my ass, my cock exploded and started shooting cum in spasm after spasm against Cory's cervix and she exploded in another mind shattering orgasm as I was filling her with cum. We collapsed on top of Cory and when she started gasping for breath, we rolled off and lay back to relax a moment. I took the opportunity to compliment Dean on his ass fucking prowess and told him that he could call on me anytime he wanted his gorgeous and delicious organ sucked and he smiled and told me that he would like the same privileges and we shook hands on it as Cory giggled and called us silly. 

Then she suggested that we both lay back and relax as she wants to see who she can get hard first and, with that, kneeled between us and took our soft organs in her hands and leaned over and started licking Dean's balls and then swung over and licked mine as she stroked both of us. Her mouth felt warm and wonderful as she took the head of my penis inside and started nursing on it before going back to Dean and doing the same to him. While she was moving back and forth sucking our cocks, Dean started playing with my nipples and I did the same to him and our organs slowly started to come to life. After a few moments, we were both fully erect and Cory declared a tie as she lay back and asked Dean to put his erection inside her cunt and then told me that it was my turn to give Dean as good a fucking as he had given me. 

I watched as he fit the head of his thick cock to my wife's wet vagina and pushed it inside as she groaned in passion. I waited patiently until he was buried deep inside her and then rubbed the head my penis against his anus and got it lubed from my precum before popping the crown inside. I heard Dean groan as the head slipped inside and felt him pushing back to get more cock so I fed it in until my pubic hair was mashed against his ass cheeks. Cory was sucking on his tongue like it was his cock as she wiggled her hips and contracted her pussy around his thick shaft. I was in another world as I started stroking in and out of his sexy anus in rhythm to his movements as he fucked Cory. At one point, he lifted his head and told me how much he loved having my cock inside him and that I should never stop fucking him and then went back to soul kissing Cory as he sawed in and out of her clinging cunt. 
