 Day 2 - Wednesday

The next morning I thanked the hotel gods for providing an in room coffee maker. I made the coffee and went into the shower to try to wake up. I used the wet towels from the floor to try and dry off. After a cup of black coffee (something I never do) I packed my bag and checked out of the hotel. I had made my decision. Worst case scenario I could always come back and get another room but I didn't believe that was going to happen. During the lunch break at work I called Sara and Carries home number and left a message saying that I would be by after work for dinner. I left it short and sweet not expecting anything beyond that. I figured that was the safe move to make and left my cell number if there was an issue.

I walked my way through work, training them on the software update that was coming out. Since no one knew me at the Orlando office they didn't know that my ass was dragging big time. I guess they figured I was just a mellow guy. At the company office I printed off directions to the girl's house and to the hotel just in case. I checked my cell for messages when leaving the office and there were none. I figured dinner was on.

I got to their house, a modest single family, single level home typical of Florida and parked in the driveway. There were flowers and the grass was cut so I figured they were reasonable minded people. I walked to the front door, leaving my bags in the car, and rang the bell still in my business suit. Carrie answered the door.

"Hi, glad you could come. Come in. Please relax, take off your jacket. Can I get you something to drink?"

"Is a vodka and soda too much to ask for?"

"Lemon or lime?"

"Lime please."

"Come with me, I am cooking pasta primavera, hope you like that. Sara will be home in a few minutes."

"Sounds great."

I followed Carrie into a modest home with a nice living room. We went into a kitchen that was obviously well stocked. Carrie was chopping up fresh vegetables in the island in the center of the room. She made me my drink to perfection and went back to her work. I noticed she was still wearing hospital scrubs and asked, "I guess you work in the medical profession?"

How lame, right?

She replied, "Yep, I work at St. Clarie's downtown. I am in the pediatric ward. I love it there. You hungry? Want something to snack on?"

"Nope, I'm good."

"OK. Help yourself to anything. Me casa, su casa. Just ask if you can't find anything."

"Thank you, but I am good. Tell me, how did you and Sara meet?"

Carrie continued to chop vegetables while talking to me. "Well, about a year and a half ago a lesbian friend of mine invited me to an all lesbo party. It was nice and all but all the girls there were these thin "Barbie" types. They don't do anything for me. I walked around the place talking to a few women here and there but I got the impression that everyone was looking for another "Barbie". I was about to leave when Sara walked in the door. Now, every head in the room turned and looked at her. I was immediately infatuated like everyone else. How many six foot three, four hundred pound lesbians are there in the greater Orlando area anyway? I figured that I had no chance at her with all these pretty ladies around. So I went to find the hostess and give her some excuse for my leaving early when I feel this tap on my shoulder. I turn around and look up. Sara wants to talk to me. She asks me if I like dick. I said yes, but I prefer the love of a good women on a daily basis. She said of all the women in the house I turn her on more than anyone else and she wants to take care of me for life. She asked me if she could take me out for a cup of coffee and get to know me better. I replied, "Only if you eat my pussy first" and we had our first date."

I was honestly turned on with her story and very intrigued. "Tell me more, please." I took a drink and continued to listen. 

"Well, and don't tell her I said this, but I considered myself the luckiest fisherman in the lake. I bagged the big one and I don't mean size. I mean the most attractive and hottest babe at the party. She was definitely the hottest women there, in my opinion. I was wet just looking at her. Those other "Barbie's" just wanted her for a night or two, I wanted her forever. She did it and still does it for me every day. We went out for coffee and talked. She was open and honest with me and I was with her. We both want the love of a women but like good dick now and again. It was a match made in heaven. So anyway we hooked up and eventually I moved in with her. We love each other very much but if good dick comes into our lives we jump on it. The only stipulation is that we have to share it. No going behind each other's back."

I finished my drink and Carrie asked "Another?"

"Yes please, that was excellent." 

"I put myself through nursing school as a bartender. I know how to mix a drink."

"Amongst your other skills."

Carrie came over and took my glass and walked away refilling my drink.

At that moment I heard the garage door opening. Suddenly there was a bounce in Carries step. She left my glass on the counter and opened the door leading to the garage. "Your home baby!" 

I hear from the garage "It'd better be David who's blocking the driveway or I'll kick their ass. I've had a hell of a day."

Carrie said, "David's here. I'm making pasta primavera for dinner, I know you like that."

"Nice, but seeing you makes my day more than any meal or dick could. I hope you know that sweetheart."

"I know it baby."

Sara hugs Carrie at the doorway and they kiss deeply. Sara has a bag over her shoulder and her suit jacket over her arm. They release and Sara steps into the kitchen. "Hi douche bag. Couldn't park on the street like a normal human being?"

"Sorry, I didn't know."

Sara walked over to me and kisses me on the lips. "I forgive you sweetie. Please park on the street next time. I need to shower, I am sweating like a pig. Carrie, when do we eat?"

"Twenty minutes too soon?"

"No prob. I want to get out of my work duds and hose off. After the day I had it's a hot tub night for sure. Would you make me a Jack and coke please."

"Anything for you baby."

Sara disappeared to the back of the house. Carrie refilled my drink and presents it for me. She then makes Sara's drink and brings it to her, at least I assume so and returns a couple of minutes later.

"Sorry to leave you alone. I know I am not a good hostess. Whenever she goes away on business, the day after she comes back she's always a bitch extraordinaire. Her office can't live a day without her." Carrie went back to her vegetables.

"So, you were telling me about how you two met?"

"That was about it. Coffee, dinner, sex, more sex, more sex, more sex, I cooked, more sex, more sex. We fell in love. I can't explain it. We were meant to be together. We both like the same things. We both make each other cum all the time. Every so often we fine a man that winds our clock, so to speak. We are happy together. What more could someone ask for. I love her, she loves me. You are the sprinkles on our cup cake.

"That is really nice. Sweet even. Honestly, I am happy for you two."

"Thank you. Seriously. I mean that." Carrie stops her cutting and takes a drink of her wine. "Honestly, most men are just here for the great sex. You, just by asking about our relationship, mean so much more than that."

"Well, I am curious about you two. I want to learn what makes you two tick together. Please understand, I don't want to undermine your relationship. But I do appreciate you including me in it."

Carrie puts down her wine glass and walks over to me. "David, I appreciate you so much. I really wish there were more men out there that could understand our relationship and accept us as we are."

Carrie plants a big kiss on my lips and holds me tightly. I really enjoy the sensation but accepted it as a platonic experience.

Carrie breaks off the kiss and goes back to dinner. 

"So, tell me about you?"

"Not much to tell. Tech support guy from NJ. Single. A few times a year I travel around the country to train on new software updates. I was lucky enough to sit next to Sara on the flight down here. I like big girls. If I knew she was in a relationship I wouldn't have even offered the extra space on the aircraft."

Carrie takes another drink of wine. "Well, I for one am glad you did. Again, to be honest, what Sara described on the plane made me drip. If anyone did that for me I would have fucked him right there in his seat. I am being totally serious. That made me hot as hell."

"Well, I like big girls. As you say, being honest, I would have been very happy just having her thigh rest against mine. As it turned out, I got hard as a rock from it."

Carrie toasts me with her glass and takes another drink. "Bravo, I second that emotion." 

I lifted my drink and toasted Carrie back.

Carrie takes a sip and puts her glass down. "I am going to be busy with dinner for a few minutes, please excuse me. Please go and watch tv or wander around or anything you'd like."

I took the hint and took my glass and wandered about the house. I walked into to living room and noticed a DVD player with 5.1 surround sound and a nice selection of DVD's. Definitely not "girly" which is my experience from dating. I looked into the backyard and saw a small backyard which is common for Florida homes but a hot tub bubbling away on the patio. I walked down the hall way and guessed what was the master bedroom. The door was closed so I respected privacy and did not open it. The next door I assumed to be a linen closet so I bypassed it. The next door was open which I looked in which I guessed to be a guest bedroom with a queen size bed. The next room was some kind of home office. Computer desk, printer, wireless router, file cabinet, everything one would need. I felt rather that heard Sara come up behind me.

"See anything you like."

"Yes, everything"

"Nice answer. Come on, let's see how dinners going."

I turned around and saw that Sara is freshly showered and wearing shorts and a tee shirt. I followed her to the kitchen and noticed that she is wearing what could at best be described as 'granny panties'.

Carrie is working like a twelve armed octopus in the kitchen. "How can I help you babe?" Sara says.

"Pasta needs about five minutes. Keep stirring the vegetables. When the pasta is done throw the vegetables on top after draining it and its ready to go. I want to take a quick shower, I have been sweating like mad all day."

"No problem, Go and relax baby."

Carrie kisses Sara, grabs her wine glass and heads back to the bedroom.

"We are such a good team together. She understands that I am a bear when I get home from work. I need a few minutes alone to unwind and then I am gold. Sit, relax. Your drink is good?"

"I am fine, Carrie is taking good care of me."

"Nice, she is such a sweetheart. I couldn't do my day if I didn't have her at home waiting for me."

"That much be nice, I wish I had someone like that waiting for me at the end of a day."

"You have no idea how lucky I am." Sara takes over all the kitchen duties, obviously Sara knows her way around the kitchen.

In a few minutes Carrie comes out of the bedroom with an empty wine glass. Sara who has been busy in the kitchen stops her work and refills her glass and asks, "How was your day baby?"

"It was hard, boy came in with cancer, it's hard to take. How about you babe?"

"Same old, you know." Sara goes back to finishing dinner. Carrie takes a big drink of wine.

"So, Carrie works in pediatrics. What do you do?" I asked Sara.

"I run a software development company. We write software for the call center environment. We have several major clients. I was in NY wooing another major client when I ran into you."

"Nice, hope it works out for you."

"Hope so, nice bit of change for us if we get it." Replied Sara.

"So, what do you do?"

"I run the help desk for a major accounting firm. We manage our internal clients and support our software. I am down here training on our new upgrade to our internal billing package."

"I see." Sara asked.

"Need another drink before we eat?" Carrie inquired.

"Yes please."

While Sara was busy preparing dinner Carrie made me another wonderful drink. We all sat at the table and ate a great dinner. The conversation was light and lively. After dinner everyone helped clean up.

Sara said, "David, after dinner we normally take a dip in the hot tub, I hope you don't think that's too presumptuous of us?"

"No, I would actually enjoy that."

"Good, let's fill drinks and head out."

Carrie filled everyone's glasses and I followed the two ladies out to the patio area. 

Sara said, "Just so there are no presumptions, lets lay this out. Carrie and I are going to get naked and get in the hot tub. If you are so inclined you are more than welcome to join us. Nothing more is expected of you. Period. If you want to go back to the hotel, that's fine. If you want to stay with us, please do. We want you to stay, believe me, we really, really want you to stay and have as much fun as you want to with us."

Carrie says, "Just to be clear and in the interest of full disclosure, I heard from my friend at the Orlando Suites that you checked out of your room today at 8:30am. I'd have to assume by that you're interested in staying with us."

I realized that my hand was showing and they knew it. I decided to fess up. "I would like nothing better that to spend my time here with you two ladies if you'll have me. If you change your mind at any time I do understand and I'll never bother you again."

Sara looked at Carrie, "Didn't I tell you he was a sweetheart?"

Carrie looked at Sara, "You said it, I really didn't believe it till now."

I said, "My bag is in the car. Give me a minute and I'll get it. Again, anytime you say go, I am out of here."

Carrie said, "Get your bag. We'll be here waiting for you."

With that both women started undressing. I turned and went out the front door. I got my bag from the rental car, brought it inside and left it by the front door. I walked back to the patio area and found both ladies already in the hot tub relaxing.

Carrie looked up and saw me return. "Get naked and join us. This is part of our nightly ritual. It helps us relax."

I didn't need a second request. I stripped naked and left my clothes on the table and chairs. I climbed into the hot tub and took position in an unoccupied corner. I laid back and let the bubbles work their magic. After a few minutes I realized that not talking was part of their evening ritual. That is one thing I totally agreed with these women with. I enjoy the silence. After spending the majority of my day talking to people silence is a most wanted commodity. I was totally in sync with these two ladies. The only sounds came from the bubbles coming from the tub. It was as if all work issues were left behind. I laid back, enjoyed my drink and let the hot tub take away all my issues. There was no sexual pressure, just total relaxation. In a word, bliss.

After some time Carrie sat up. "We are not being good hosts here. Shouldn't we be offering our guest something?"

Sara without opening her eyes, "Yo guest. Do you want anything?"

I said, "I am in total harmony with my environment. This is exquisite; I don't need a thing at the moment. Thank you anyway."

Sara said without moving, "See, relax. Baby, he gets us. I know it's in your nature to help others but not at the moment, ok?"

Carrie sits back in the tub. "I can't help it, Sorry."

After about 20 minutes Sara says, "Shower time?"

Carrie says "Shower time?"

I said, "If it's anything like last night, hell yeah!"

The three of us sat up at once. We smile at each other knowing that we think alike. Each one steps out of the tub into the warm Florida air and onto the patio. There are already towels on the table placed there by Carrie.

I say, "Lead on."

Sara takes the lead and like a train I follow with Carrie as the caboose. She takes us to the master bedroom with a master bath. Inside is a huge shower. Obviously one of the two designed this unit to accommodate them plus at least one other. I noticed that the entire bathroom had floor drains spaced out regularly. So we walk to the shower stall and Sara turns on the shower leaving her towel on the hook outside the doorway. There is enough room for all of us to move around freely. We take turns washing each other to get the hot tub chlorine off. No one is doing anything overtly sexual, it was a casual, relaxed shower for three.

After drying off Carrie led me to their bed. "We talked about it and we're gonna take it easy on you tonight. We are all short of sleep. We are going to have a good time but no marathon session like last night. That ok with you?"

"Actually that sounds perfect." I said.

Sara came up from behind me and put her big arms around me holding me close to her. "Good, cause you have two pussies to explore with that wonderful dick of yours. We have condoms here for you to use."

I grinned "I bought two dozen on the way over here after work."

Carrie joined our group hug. "Two dozen? An optimist I take it."

"More like boy scout, be prepared." I replied.

My dick was already getting hard being sandwiched between these two magnificent specimens. Carrie felt the growth and stepped back. "Well, someone wants to come out and play."

Sara said, "How do we decide who get's dicked first?"

Carrie replied, "The proper thing to do would be to let our guest decide."

"Hey, that's a lot of pressure on me. I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings."

Sara resolved the issue by saying "Lets skip the drama. Flip a freaking coin. Heads I'm first, tails Carrie's first. You flip David."

I took a coin and tossed it. "Tails. Carries first."

Carrie said, "Sorry babe, but you did get to swallow his cum first."

"It's not a fucking competition! Let's get it on, I want that dick in me."

Carrie took my hand and led me to the bed. She sat down on it and pulled my cock into her mouth while I stood in front of her. Sara went to the night table and opened the drawer. She pulled out some condoms. "Wrap that thing up. I'll take care of little miss first dick."

I reluctantly pull out of Carries talented mouth and prepared a condom. Sara moved Carrie further back on the bed and went down on her. Carrie gasped with pleasure as Sara took special care of her. After a couple of minutes Sara moved out of the way. "She all yours. Not going to get any wetter until she squirts. And Carrie, no games tonight. You let loose. You can get loud too."

"No worries. My ass still tingles from last night's lesson. Give it to me stud."

With that I mounted Carrie missionary style. I easily slipped inside due to all the wetness. I was amazed how tight she still was. It was an amazing feeling. Carrie gasped as I entered her. After a few minutes of slow stroking I began to pick up the pace. Carries squirming let me know that it was working for her. Sara was lying on the bed and moved closer to Carrie. Carrie grabbed Sara's hair and pulled her in for a hot, passionate kiss. Sara began playing with Carries big tits and moved down to tongue tease a nipple. Carrie must have been close to orgasm. Her back arched and she cried out "YES!"

Sara worked both Carrie's breasts very roughly as Carrie came in waves. I could feel her pussy tighten around my dick several times, every time she came. She surprised me again by wrapping her stubby little legs around mine holding me inside her. After another few orgasms she collapsed with a smile on her. Carrie looked at Sara, "He's good. I hate to admit it but I miss a real dick once in a while. I hope you understand my feelings baby."

Sara looked deep into Carries eyes, "I understand you and feel the same way. Now, it you don't mind, it's my turn."
