 Day 3 - Thursday

The next morning I woke up alone. I got up, took a leak, went to the guest room, pulled on a pair of shorts and went to look for the ladies. I found Sara sitting at the kitchen table alone in a tee shirt that was even too big for her. It was down to her knees when she stood. The material was thin enough that I could see her areolas through the material.

"Good morning, how did you sleep?" I asked.

Sara looked up from her laptop with a smile, "Great? A fantastic orgasm right before bed always does that for me. How did you sleep lover boy?"

"Just fine. I really miss cuddling at night."

Sara stood and came over to me giving me a nice hug and a big kiss. "I know, I have a lot of difficulty sleeping if Carrie isn't nearby. So, coffee? Tea? Juice? Breakfast?"

"Coffee is fine. I'll grab a bagel at the office. They always supply breakfast, lunch and snacks during training. I got it, you go back to your work."

"You sit, you're the guest. I was just reading the world news. Not much happening there."

I sat down and Sara poured a big mug of coffee. She brought it over and set it down in front of me. Milk and sugar was already on the table. 

"Carrie likes her tea in the morning. I can't get my eyes open without coffee."

"I'm the same way. Where is Carrie anyway?"

Sara looked at the wall clock. "It's 7:30. She's been working for an hour already. She works four 10 hour shifts, right now she works Monday through Thursday. She's usually done at 5pm most days."

"I must have really been out, I didn't even feel her get up."

"Yep, she amazes me. She has some kind of internal clock. She tells herself what time to wake up and she's up. She's also bright and chipper as soon as she wakes up. That drives me nuts. I need half an hour just to get the heart going."

"I'm with you on all accounts. I am the same way. Slow starter."

"She usually gets up at 5am, slips out of bed, makes her tea, straightens up the house, showers, gets dressed, comes in and eats me out before work and then leaves."

"Really?"

Yes, she's an early bird. It ticks me off but I can't break her of the habit. Every day she works just before she leaves she wakes me up with a kiss and then makes sure to get me off before she leaves. She always does it when she dressed and ready for work so I can't return the favor. Once in a while if she's in the mood she wakes me nude so I can do her as well. I stopped arguing over it. It's a nice way to start the day but I want my turn too."

"We had a nice talk last night. She's a special woman. You are lucky that you two found each other. You seem perfectly matched together."

"Yes, I'm very lucky."

I watched Sara for a moment get a little misty eyed as she drifted away in her thoughts. In a little start and she came back to reality.

"So, grab your coffee and follow me so I can blow you."

"What!"

"I. Want. To. Blow. You."

"But you're not supposed to play with Carrie, remember?"

"Carrie got me up a little earlier than usual. She took me to the guest bed and got me off there so we wouldn't disturb you. After we talked. We agreed that those rules are suspended as long as you are here and that we tell the other about it. I already told her that I want to suck you off before we leave. She was a little jealous but was all for it. I also told her that if I can't get you off with my mouth that I might have to fuck you. She said fine as long as I tell her all about it in detail."

"As long as it's ok, I don't want to cause any issues."

"It's fine David, now come with me. I heard she told you that I was living with my ex business partner. Every morning I used to wake him up with a blow job. I love the taste of man cum in the morning. I used to suck him off at the office too, sometimes three or four times a day. I should have known things were going south between us when he started refusing head."

Sara stood and took my hand. "Grab your cup." 

I took my coffee and she led me to the living room. She stood me in front of and tall back overstuffed chair, took my mug and put it on an end table next to the chair, kneeled down and took off my shorts and sat me down. She maneuvered me closer to her and then took off her tee shirt. I hadn't had a chance to start to thicken yet, this little surprise had not sunk in.

Sara said, "Nice! I love it when it grows in my mouth."

She put her lips on the head and started playing with it with her tongue. As soon as it started to grow she took the whole shaft in her mouth. It was an amazing feeling to feel my dick harden all the way in her mouth and throat. She made minimal movement but could feel action happening inside like her mouth like her tongue under my shaft. I was rock hard in just a few seconds. She began sucking away beautifully using her whole head and body. I sat there like a king enjoying this wonderful experience. Normally I am not a quick shooter but her skills brought me quickly to boil. I let her know I was getting close which caused her to work harder. I soon came and she pulled back so the load stayed in her mouth. She sucked out every last drop and then savored it in her mouth.

"Mmmmmm, yummy! I love to start the day with some man juice. For the rest of the day if anything starts to bother me I just have to think about this moment and it's all better. You literally just made my day."

"Well, anything I could do to help."

Sara gave a big laugh. "OK, I need to shower. Want to join me?"

I gave her my hand and helped her to stand up. "I'd love to." 

We grabbed our things and headed to the master bath. We had a nice shower washing each other off. Afterwards she took my hand while still wet and brought me into the bedroom. She hit the speaker phone button and then speed dialed Carrie. On the second ring she answered saying "Did you blow him? Was it great?"

Sara nodded at me, "Yes she did and it was beyond great." I said to the speaker.

Carrie replied "Nice! She told you it was ok with me, right?"

"Yes, thank you for that."

"No worries, tomorrow you are all mine. Is Sara there?" Carrie asked.

Sara replied, "Right here baby, it was really nice. You know how I feel about a man cumming in my mouth in the morning."

"My question is if you only could have one would you rather have, coffee or cum?"

Sara laughed, "Please don't make me choose."

Carrie said "OK baby, I love you. See you later. We are doing what we talked about, right?

Sara replied, "You know it baby. Have a good day. Don't let the docs give you any shit. Love you."

Carrie shot back, "Never happen, I can kick most of their asses anyway. See you later David."

"Bye Carrie."

"Bye baby."

"Bye both of you, looking forward to tonight." Carrie said before clicking off.

Sara disconnected the line.

I asked "What's going on tonight? Carrie mentioned cancelling a dinner party or something."

Sara gave a big grin. She started getting dressed starting with granny panties and another over engineered bra. "I am sworn to secrecy. We have some plans that I think you will enjoy. It's you last day working, right?"

"Yes"

"Try to get back early if you can."

Now it was my turn to grin, "I'll rush the training and limit the Q&A to three questions. I'll tell them I have a flight to catch."

"That's my boy. Now I really need to get moving here. It's not cool when the boss is late, especially because I had to suck a dick."

We both rushed to get dressed. I kissed her as she let me out the front door locking it behind me. Before I left I saw Sara rushing out the garage door for her office.

As I promised I rushed through the training, I was done by 3:30, did a quick Q&A, asked the local trainer to pass out the class evaluations and interoffice them back to my office instead of waiting for the sealed envelope. I practically ran through the parking lot, jumped in the car and took a minute to calm down. Not being familiar with local driving traits and not too sure on where I was headed I looked over the directions to the girls house again with the AC on full blast trying to cool off the car. It all came back quickly and I navigated my way back to heaven. I parked on the street at 3:50 and only then did it dawn on me that Carrie works until four. DUH! All that rushing for nothing. Well, I took a chance and walked to the door and rang the bell.

In less than a minute the door opened. Sara stood behind the door as she opened it. "Welcome home sweet cheeks."

"Uh hi, I didn't think you got home until after five?"

I stepped inside and Sara closed the door behind me. Once in a saw why she hid behind the door. She was wearing a black and purple corset that both trimmed her belly and made her breasts enormous. It held her massive tits up like they were on a shelf. Five inch black heels and T back panties completed the outfit. I was speechless, she looked amazing.

Her smile was as big as her boobs. "I guess the outfit meets with your approval?"

All I could do was nod in approval. I looked her over from top to bottom slowly, then she daintily turned around to give me the full effect. 

Finally I said, "You look amazing, really amazing."

I walked over to give her a kiss but her extra height made it impossible to reach her. She had to squat down to keep her balance. Somehow it was a most unladylike position but she pulled it off with grace.

"I'm glad you like it. Carrie and I have been planning this evening ever since we learned that you checked out of the hotel. Come with me please, I'm cooking tonight."

Sara headed to the kitchen and I followed.

"Have a seat while I finish up. I'm roasting a chicken that will be done in a few minutes. We are all going to relax and have some fun, eat it cold later. I made frozen strawberry daiquiris, hope you like them."

"Sounds good. What plans have you two been making?"

Sara poured me a drink from the blender and brought it to me. "Never you mind, just enjoy. Listen, if you are uncomfortable with anything that we do, just say stop and we will. Don't worry, we do respect boundaries."

I started to get nervous with what they had in mind. I took a drink and really enjoyed it. I tasted the rum which was heavy handed but the sweetness compensated it nicely. It took a minute but I realized that this was a frozen drink but it was unbelievably smooth. "This is very strong but very tasty. How do you make it?"

"Ah! That's a Carrie secret she taught me. Drop in a scoop of vanilla ice cream. It adds sweetness and removed the grit from the ice. Nice, right?"

"Very nice." I downed the drink quickly and got up to pour another. I wanted some liquid courage to prepare myself for the evening's fun and to relax me. 

Sara was bent over the stove checking the chicken. Her ass looked awesome in the outfit and I had to give it a rub. I waited until she closed the oven door and reached out and cupped a cheek.

Sara said "Another five minu... WOAH!"

She gave a little surprised jump but quickly settled down. She bent back over the over grabbing the bar with both hands allowing me to play as I like.

I released her and went back to the table.

Sara stood up and adjusted her corset. Her boobs had fallen out of the top. "Wow, so unexpected and so very nice. I loved that. Good thing I've got on panties or I'd have to mop the floor right now."

I gave a hearty laugh at that one. "It was right there, it looked so good, I couldn't pass up that kind of opportunity."

Sara was beaming, "I am very glad you didn't and if you ever feel the need again please don't hesitate."

"Well, I waited until you were out of the oven. Safety first."

"Good point. Thank you, I appreciate that."

Just then the front door opened and Carrie came in. "David?"

Sara walked to the door and I got up to follow.

Sara said "Hi babe, surprise! How was your day?"

Carrie was stunned. "What are you doing?"

Sara took Carries bag and dropped it on the floor near the door. She bent down and put her lips on Carries. Carrie seemed to relax instantly. I walked back to the kitchen and poured Carrie a drink. I gave them a minute to greet each other and when I heard talking I brought them both their drinks.

Sara said, "So at about 10:30 I got a call from New York. They were so impressed with our stuff that they ordered everything *plus* they want us to work on some custom software too. The custom stuff is big bucks. I told my senior people and the place went nuts. Lots of celebrating. I tried to schedule a meeting to start the roll out planning and how much new staff we need to hire and they refused. They took me in my office, packed my bag, handed me my coat and threw me out of my own office. Can you believe it? They told me I deserved to take the rest of the day off and relax, that they would meet and have their proposals on my desk before I get in. I was floored. My people are so great, I love them all."

I handed both ladies their drinks. "Congratulations on the sale."

Carrie put everything together in her mind. "That's great baby, I am so happy for you."

"I am happy too. His means growth, bonuses, and hopefully a few more bennies for my people."

Carrie lifts her glass, "To Sara!"

I looked at my empty hands saying "Oh shit, one second!"

I ran into the kitchen and grabbed my drink. When I turned back the ladies had followed me chuckling.

"OK." I said.

"Let's try it again. To Sara!" said Carrie.

"To Sara!" I said. 

"To the best bunch of staff anyone could hope for!" Said Sara.

We all touched glasses, "Cheers!"

We all happily drank. Carrie looked around the kitchen. "You cooked?"

"Roasted chicken, green salad, steamed asparagus, and I stopped and got the nice éclairs you like. The chicken should be done now. My plan was some fun, eat everything cold then more fun, dessert, more fun, more fun, well, you get the idea."

Carrie was working things out in her mind. "But you've been texting me all day about business calls, meetings, too much mail."

"I lied so I could surprise you."

Carrie had a tear in her eye. "Baby, while I don't like the lying I appreciate the thought." Carrie put down the drink and went over and hugged Sara sweetly. I reached over and offered to take Sara's drink to give her freedom in her hands. Sara separated from Carrie and went down to her knees. They were almost the same height. They embraced each other warmly holding each other tight.

Carrie said, "I love you so much baby and I am so happy for you. I know that this is a big deal for the company."

Sara said emotionally, "Everything I do I do for us Carrie, I hope you know that."

"I know baby. Our life together is so great."

Carrie turned to face me. "Get in here, you deserve some of this emotional girly shit too."

I stepped over and they both pulled me into their emotional moment with them.

We hugged for a moment and then Carrie looked up at me, "You'd better not be checking out my girlfriend's tits right now." She joked.

"They are hard to miss." I quipped back.

"Hell, he was grabbing my ass a minute ago."

This was the ice breaker we needed. We broke apart and helped Sara to her feet. Sara went right to the oven and took out the chicken to let it cool.

"OK, let's have some fun. Carrie, change and get cleaned up. David, less business like please. I think nothing on at all would suit us nicely. Everyone fill your glasses please so I can make another round of drinks."

We all toasted again and Sara filled our glasses.

I started walking out of the kitchen and stopped. I turned around and asked, "Hot tub?"

Sara said, "Later, we're having some fun first."

"Then I want to take a quick shower. I'm kinda sweaty.

Sara replied, "OK, normally we love it when you shower with us but we have a surprise for you. This time would you mind using the guest bath please. Plus, if you join Carrie in our shower who knows how long you two will be in there."

"No prob, but I hope you didn't go to any trouble over me."

Sara smiled, "Believe me, it's our pleasure."

Intrigued I went and took a quick shower. I polished off my drink and walked back to the kitchen wearing just clean boxers. Carrie was in there helping with dinner wearing a shear white baby doll outfit. She looked fantastic in it. I came up from behind her put one arm around her and held her close, my other hand started rubbing her butt. I bent down and kissed her neck saying, "You look fantastic."

That earned me a little giggle. She put down the silverware she was hold and turned around to face me. She took my face in both her hands and pulled my lips to hers. She gave me a kiss that honestly made me weak in the knees. When she released me she looked in my eyes saying, "You really are such a sweetheart. Now please sit and relax. This is your night, we both want to make it very special for you."

Sara brought the pitcher of daiquiris over and refilled my glass. She said, "Seeing you with Carrie like that just now was such a turn on. When I saw you on the plane I could never imagine you would be this nice. Thank you so much for being you."

Sara leaned down and gave me a kiss as well. I felt like the king of the world.

They puttered in the kitchen preparing dinner for later. In a couple minutes they exchanged a look.

Sara came over and took my hand. "Come on lover boy, we are going to make your whole month."

I stood up and followed Sara, Carrie had placed everyone's drinks on a tray including the pitcher and followed us. Sara led me to the master bedroom. I realized that the door was closed. Sara opened the door and I saw my surprise. In the open area of the bedroom a full size massage table was set up. I looked at Sara, "For me? Awwww, you shouldn't have."

Sara gave a full belly jiggling laugh and pushed me into the room ahead of her. Sara then Carrie entered the room. Carrie put the tray down on the dresser. Sara directed me over to the table. It was a professional table complete with the head hole. I noticed towels nearby and massage oils sitting in a bowl of water.

"You two have a massage table?"

Sara said, "We get massages every so often. Most portable tables can only hold up to 300 pounds. Obviously that doesn't work for me. My little sweetie here bought me this table as a present. We bring in a professional masseuse when we feel the need. He doesn't have to bring his table. We set it up and we're ready to go. Now lie down and get comfy." 

I though for a few seconds, "Male masseuse? Does he give you happy endings?"

Carrie replied, "He's gay but he has great hands. He lives nearby and comes over when we call. Sometimes the hot tub doesn't get out all of Sara's kinks or tightness. He wouldn't know what to do with a pussy with a road map. That's my job."

Sara put an arm around Carrie shoulders, "And you take care of my pussy so well."

Sara bent down and gave Carrie a quick kiss on the lips. "Now, loose those shorts."

Carrie stepped closer to me and yanked my boxers to the floor. "Done, now lay face down with your head in the hole. Have you ever had a full body massage before?"

I blushed a bit. "Well, I've had a few rub and tugs but I wouldn't consider those professional massages."

Sara smiled, "You naughty boy! I always wanted to see what it's like in one of those places. That turns me on like you wouldn't believe."

I climbed up on the table and got into position. I adjusted my junk into a comfortable place. "It's really not that great. It's kind of clinical. The women give you a basic massage teasing your sensitive areas trying to work you up. After a while the turn you over. They "bump" into your dick a few times judging your reaction I guess. If you don't pull out a badge to arrest them they start stroking your dick. They jack you off, clean you up and send you on your way. Some places offer table showers, I like those a lot."
