 Day 5 - Saturday

The next morning I woke up still spooning with Carrie but without any sign of Sara. I carefully disengaged myself from Carrie and walked out to the kitchen. I found Sara sitting with her laptop with a cup of coffee. She looked up and smiled.

"Morning David."

I walked over and kissed her while giving a little hug. "Good morning. How did you sleep?"

"Like the dead. OK, what time is your flight?"

"5:15."

The business woman's mind turned over. "OK, 5:15, an hour before to get through security is 4:15, thirty minutes to return the rental car, 3:45 and a forty five minute drive to the airport that means you have to leave here at three o'clock. Just wanted to get an idea to plan the day."

"If I demanded to take you two out to brunch or lunch would I get out voted again?"

Sara chuckled, "Probably. Hey, here is a plan, fuck us like crazy this morning, we'll do lunch or brunch then back here to fuck like crazy until you have to leave. What do you think?"

I laughed, "I'd better pack now."

Sara laughed, "So, do I get my breakfast of champions this morning?"

"To be fair, don't you think we'd better involve Carrie?"

"Don't worry, we will. I really forgot how much I enjoyed swallowing a man's load in the morning. I do love it just so much."

I replied, "Well, I have to admit that I've have been enjoying it too but I do feel selfish. One, for sitting back and getting an excellent blow job and not being able to reciprocate and two for not involving Carrie. I have really tried to be fair spending an equal amount of fun time with you both and not play favorites. Obviously when the three of us are together, which is really great by the way, that counts as mutual time."

Sara smiled, "We know and we have no issues. Believe me, Carrie and I have been very happy and satisfied with everything. No complaints what so ever. Believe it or not we talk about you when you are not around. We make plans about what we want to do to you and for you. We both agreed that we can have private time alone with just you without prior permission but we agreed that we have to tell the other one all about it in detail. Like yesterday, Carrie texted me that you butt banged her in the bathroom, I got so freaking wet from thinking about it that I went to the ladies room and rubbed a couple out. I never do that at work. For the first time it made me wish I had a private office or private bathroom. My office has glass walls and no blinds, I like my people to see that I am working as hard as they are."

I was lost in thought for a few seconds picturing Sara playing with herself. "Dang, I would have liked to have seen that."

"Well, have a seat. I'm always ready to go."

I laughed, "No, not now. I would rather see it happen naturally, this would be too staged. Anyway, I am glad we talked this out. As long as you two are OK with this whole situation. I don't want to cause any issues between you two. I do respect your relationship and I don't want to be a problem."

Sara considered my words. "Listen honey, Carrie and I are very much in love. Initially we thought of you as nothing more than a play thing. Our plan was to go to your room and use and abuse you and have our fun. But once we spent time with you we both really liked you. I am a very good judge of people. I am very particular about who I hire and who I am with. To give you an idea in seven years I have only fired two people. It's because I personally interview everyone who works for me. If I get a good feeling they are in. Well, even on the plane I got a great vibe from you. As soon as I told Carrie this she wanted to meet you. At the hotel as we were getting dressed we talked. It's wasn't much of a conversation, one look and we both knew we wanted you to come over here or at least go back to your hotel again. We both like you a lot. Hell, if we were single we'd date you. I know I sure as shit would. I guess I shouldn't speak for Carrie but I believe she would too."

I was blushing pretty heavily by now. "I appreciate that. I don't know if I had to pick which one of you to choose if I could. You are both so great but unique in your own ways. I do want to keep in touch and hopefully get together again. Anyway, we can talk about all that later. The clock is running. What are the plans?"

Sara grinned, "To suck you off until you cum in my mouth of course."

I smiled, "OK, but do I get to work on you at all? I don't feel right about it all being a one sided adventure. And Carrie?"

"You will not let this go, huh? Let's go to the bedroom. I'll suck you off on the bed. If Carrie wakes up she can join in. Fair enough?"

I nodded in agreement. I walked over and took Sara's hand and led her to the bedroom. Carrie was still in the same position I left her in snoozing away. I lay down on the bed next to her and Sara lay down near the foot of the bed with her head in my crotch. Using just her tongue she took her time teasing me to yet another full erection. She obviously enjoyed what she was doing and since there was not a real time pressure she took her time today. She used one hand to massage my balls and took the head of my dick in her mouth running her tongue around the head in her mouth. It was a wonderful feeling. She seemed to be getting more and more excited and began working the shaft. I lay back like a king watching Sara's head rise and fall. Although we were being fairly quiet I saw Carrie stir under the sheets. Her eyes opened and saw me lying next to her. She smiled and threw her arm over me. It took her about five seconds to realize why I was smiling. She sat up quickly and saw Sara busy sucking my cock. She quickly assessed the situation and cuddled up against me. She began playing with one of my nipples and moved up to kiss me deep. After a couple of minutes Carrie repositioned herself onto her hands and knees so she could suck on my nipples one at a time. I reached down so I could play with Carrie's hanging breasts while she was playing with me. 

After a few minutes of this Carrie asked Sara, "Can I help? Please?"

Sara drew back away from my dick and I heard her say, "Anytime baby, what's mine is yours."

Carrie giggled and crawled down and began sucking my cock from the top. Sara stayed below and tongued my taint and balls. I was able to get a couple of fingers into Carries wet pussy so I went to work as well. Both women seemed to be in over drive, they both must love morning nookie a lot. Carrie released me from her mouth and got off the bed quickly. 

"Sorry baby, but I have to fuck that thing."

Sara's head popped up in exclamation, "What? This is *my* morning load!"

Carrie was opening a condom with her teeth, "I know baby. David, let us know if you're going to shoot and I'll get off." Carrie giggled and corrected herself, "I mean I'll get off of you."

Carrie was back on the bed in a flash, she rolled the condom down on me and then mounted me reverse cowgirl with a satisfied gasp. She rocked her hips front to back riding me. Sara maintained her same position and I can only guess by Carries reaction that Sara had attached herself to Carrie's clit. Seeing Carrie's sweet ass bouncing on my crotch plus the wonderful feeling of her wet pussy on my cock brought me to the brink. 

I said, "I'm gonna cum!"

Carrie, true to her word immediately rolled off of me onto her back and pushed three fingers inside herself while rapidly frigging her clit. Sara quickly removed the condom and slid my whole dick in her mouth. She quickly removed her mouth and spit onto the comforter. Apparently she was getting rid of the spermicide left by the condom. Using all her excellent skills she worked my unit to yet another extreme orgasm. My groan apparently set Carrie off as she came too. Sara gently milked every last drop out of me. As soon as I was emptied Sara got on her hands and knees and shared my load with the still cumming Carrie. I rolled onto my side to view this sight.

Once all my cum was gone Sara dove into Carries crotch and took over. She was licking Carries clit and hand fucking her to several more orgasms. I couldn't let Sara go unrewarded so I moved behind her big ass and launched my tongue into her asshole with gusto. Sara gave a little jump at first, I guess I surprised her by going for the ass but that was my intention. Carrie picked up what was going on and worked her hand underneath to tweak Sara's huge clit. Carrie must have cummed herself out and began concentrating on getting Sara off. I repositioned to be able to work a few fingers into Sara and felt Carries hand almost jacking the big clit off. Between Carries hand, my tongue and fingers Sara's hips were positively vibrating. Her upper body was basically resting on Carries belly and she was just enjoying being serviced. The stimulus overload made her orgasm very hard. Sara wrapped her legs around Carries leg, thigh around the butt and held on as her whole lower body erupted and spasmed. Her heavy legs were thrashing around so hard that it caused a couple of bruises on my legs and thighs. Sara collapsed half on the bed, half still holding Carrie. I readjusted and laid on Sara's back trying to keep weight off of Carrie (but she didn't seem to mind).

We all laid there satisfied for a few minutes until I broke the silence. "We are going to brunch. I am buying and not taking no for an answer. Period."

Both Sara and Carrie chuckled.

Sara began to move so I got off of her. She looked me in the eye, "You win stud. You get to take us out but we pick the place. Don't worry, it's pretty reasonable."

"I don't care about the price, I have not touched my per diem for a few days. The company is going to love my expense report for this trip, there is almost nothing on it."

Carrie looked over, "So we get a free meal on your company? Not you? My how generous of you."

"Hey, you guys keep feeding me. I keep offering but you refuse. Give me a break, I'm trying to do the right thing here."

Carrie laughed, "Relax, I was busting your balls. I understand and it's appreciated."

Sara stood up and the organizer took over. "OK, let's get moving out. David, please shower up in the guest room. We have hair to wash hair and don't need distractions. Just put on shorts and a casual shirt, not a tee shirt, this place isn't fancy. Carrie, shower time."

Carrie playfully grumbled about getting out of bed. I stood in front of her and took her hand. I helped her to her feet and guided her to the bathroom. Sara soon realized what was happening and followed us. We had to readjust the room with Sara standing on my left side to watch, Carrie very confused on my right with me standing in front of the toilet. I lifted the seat and cover and placed Carries right hand on my unit. Carrie was still unsure of what was going to happen and began to stroke my dick. Sara giggled and I put my hand oh Carries to guide her to stop the stroking.

"Aim is very important." I said seriously.

A flash of understanding came across Carries face. "You're going to pee?"

With that I released my bladder. Carrie immediately focused on the task. Not one drop was spilled outside of the bowl. She kept the stream dead center the whole time. Then without being instructed she gave me practiced shake.

Sara was the first to speak. "Wow, I had so much fun doing that last night. We were so looking forward to you having fun too."

I added, "You are the first woman who didn't play around with it."

Carrie went back to stroking me while rubbing my ass (which was starting to arouse me again). "Look, I've helped guys urinate into jugs ten to twenty times a day at the hospital. The fun for me was gone in the first week. All I am thinking about is not making a mess cause then I have to change the sheets. A lot of guys get all pervy when they their junk is exposed. Believe me, I separate work and home fun. Work is clinical, non sexual at all. Home is where the fun is. Now that I am working with kids the worst I have to deal with is the occasional boner or a girls first period."

I looked at Sara, "I guess we didn't think about that."

Sara nodded, "It's not just a job, it's an adventure. So Carrie, are you going to jack him off or are we going to eat?"

Carrie looked down at my erection in her hand. "Oh my god, did I do that? I wasn't even thinking about it. Sorry David."

I chuckled, "Nothing to be sorry about. You have big time skills."

Carrie continued to work her magic, "Should I blow you? Can't let you walk around like that."

I gently removed her hand. "No, I'll go shower and I'll be fine. We need to get moving because I want to get back here. I want to do something special before I leave."

Sara's eye brows raised, "Really, do tell."

I separated and moved towards the guest bath. "Later."

Carrie called to my back, "But we might need set up time!"

I went to the shower and cleaned up. I pulled on shorts and a collared shirt and went back to the girl's room. They were still in the shower so I took a few moments to start packing everything. All that was left was last minute things to toss in and close up. I could be out the door in less than two minutes. 

I went back to the master bedroom and the two ladies were toweling off. I sat on the bed and enjoyed the show. 

Carrie looked at me and said, "We are really curious what you have in mind for later. Care to give us a hint?"

I grinned, "Nope."

Carrie threw her towel in the hamper and walked over to me. She gently rubbed my crotch, "All better?"

"Just fine, but watching two hot naked babes walking around is re-inspiring me."

Sara laughed, "Well then, since it's our last day we should give you a treat."

I suddenly got sad, "Please don't say last day. I really want to see both of you again, either here or up north."

Sara and Carrie both stopped after hearing the tone in my voice. They came over, pulled me to my feet and put me into a big group hug. 

Sara said, "David, I am very sorry, it was a poor choice of words. I can practically guarantee that we will see one another again. Anytime you have some time off and want to come down we'll buy you a ticket."

Carrie smiled, "Obviously you have a place to stay."

"Thank you both, that's nice to hear. I am trying to not think about leaving paradise and that phrase just hit home. Sorry to spoil the mood."

"OK, good, let's get moving." Sara said. She walked over to Carrie and whispered something into her ear. Carries eyes went wide and a wide grin broke out on her face. Carrie walked over to a dresser and opened up a drawer. She pulled out bright red panties and a matching bra. Sara meanwhile went back into the bathroom and I heard a blow dryer working. Carrie tossed me the bra and seductively pulled on the panties. Once they were on I saw that they were crotch less and a "T" back which only accented the roundness of her curvy ass. She held out her hand so I passed her the bra. She slipped her arms threw the straps and lifted the garment into place. Without a word she turned around so I could connect the hooks. Once connected she bent at the waist and (for lack of a better word) fluffed up her boobs. When she stood back up and turned around her tits looked amazing, they were practically double in size. The expression on my face must have caused Carrie to laugh.

"You like?" she asked.

"I love!" I replied. "You look amazing!"

I got a giggle and a kiss before Carrie went back to getting dressed in shorts and a casual blouse. Sara came out of the bathroom with a grin on her face. She walked over to the armoire where they kept their toys and opened it up. She removed a studded leather bra with the nipples cut out. Her holding it up in front of me actually took my breath away. 

Sara said, "That was better than the reaction I was hoping for." 

Sara pulled on the bra, bent over to adjust her boobs into it and stood upright. I eagerly walk behind and help lock the clasps. She turned to give me the front finished view. Her massive tits were safely locked away but her nipples were openly exposed. I leaned in and gave one a quick lick.

"None of that sweetie. We have brunch to get to."

I look her in the eye, "Tease! Can't wait to see the panties you're going to wear."

Sara smiled, "Panties? Who needs them?"

She went and pulled on shorts and a shear white blouse. Both ladies finished their primping and slipped into flip flops. They grabbed last minute items and we walked into the kitchen. Sara took her keys saying "I'll drive, we'll get there quicker."

We walked into the garage as Sara opened the outside garage door. I went to get into the back seat of Sara's Mercedes but Carrie pushed me away. "You get in front David, I don't need as much leg room as you do."

"I could get in back and we could talk about that blow job." I retorted.

Sara seemed playfully agitated, "Keep it in your pants, it's a short drive."

We got in and Sara got us to the restaurant quickly. The building looked like a typical Florida manor house that must have been converted into a bed and breakfast. There were several cars in the lot. We walked in with Sara's long legs leading the way. The hostess positively squealed when she saw Sara and rushed over into a big hug.

Sara said, "Hi ya Kelly, how you been?"

Kelly said, "Very good. And you?"

"We're great. We need a table for three please." Sara replied.

I noticed that Carrie didn't earn the same zeal from the hostess but kept it to myself.

Kelly said, "Cameron is here with some friends, want to sit nearby?"

Sara said, "Sure"

Kelly led us into a dining room, nicely decorated and sat us near four men who perked up once they spotted Sara (as big as she is she is hard to miss). They stood up and hugged Sara and Carrie warmly and I was introduced to the men. We sat down at the table.

Carrie leaned into me saying, "We are friends with Cameron and his boyfriend Jose. We've met the other two guys a few times before. Obviously, they are all gay as the day is long."

"I got that." I said.

"And for the record, if you are with us they know we are fucking the shit out of you and they have no chance." Carrie continued.

I chuckled, "Good to know. Can you tell me your deal with the hostess or is that something I shouldn't ask about?"

Carrie grinned, "No big secret. Kelly wants Sara big time. There is a lot of jealousy in the lesbian community. I got the prize but she is going to let Sara know she's still interested every dam chance she gets. If Sara and I broke up Kelly and I could be friends again but in her mind I am standing in her way. It's all petty bullshit but it is what it is. Listen, I recommend the eggs Benedict and the mimosa. Both are great here."

Sara leaned in, "I guess Kelly is still pining away for me. Maybe if she put on a hundred pounds she could have a chance. Someone needs to feed that girl, she looks like a good breeze could send her down the block."

Carrie chuckled. "I was just explaining the cold shoulder to David. What are you having to eat?"

Sara said, "My usual, egg white and spinach omelet. Tell him about the eggs Benedict?"

Carrie replied, "Yep."

"SARA! CARRIE! I can't believe you're out of bed!" came a cry from the door. I looked over and a tiny Asian woman and a tall black woman that has to be a high fashion model walk in. Carrie and Sara stand and more hugs are exchanged. More introductions and I shook hands with the new women. Kelly pushed a table closer to ours and they joined us.

Joy (the Asian woman) said, "So David, you must be pretty special. First they blow us off for dinner Thursday and they don't even take our calls or answer texts about how's it going."

OK, I was blushing.

Barbara said, "I'm surprised they let you out of the house or even be able to walk after a couple days with these two. I know how... shall we say 'passionate' they can get."
