 I don't know what's on her mind, but for me this is a voyage of discovery. She just agreed a short time ago to come play with us, although we were once best friends. I can hardly believe Tommy found her. Susie. My best friend of all times, and one for whom I’d searched for a long time. 

When she walks in the door, I am beside myself with joy! Tears come to my eyes, and we grab each other and hold on as if we’re going to never let go. Laughing, crying, giggling. We lean back and look at each other’s faces searching for the girls we were and finding instead the grown women we are. But it’s still the faces of youth we see and the hearts and minds in which we delight. 

I’m terrified that this little fun will put a barrier between us. But surely not! Susie was the only person who knew me well. I’ve explained that Tommy and I have agreed to OTN (out of the normal) experiences – in other words, sexual adventures, especially those involving others, only in the presence of each other and with each other’s consent. So Tommy is there only at our invitation and will not participate until and unless we invite him. 

I ask if it’s okay that he be there and she seems a little unsure. I assure her that he will be quiet and unobtrusive, but that his presence is a requisite thing. This seems to reassure Susie.

The thought of us together has been exciting me since I let it. So we're here. Tommy is sitting quietly nearby. I think he's trying to be unobtrusive, but I can feel his eyes as a palpable thing. My pulse begins to race. I want to go slow, I want to know, to savor.

She stands before me, and our hands reach for each other's arms. Beneath my fingers, her skin is like steel covered in silk. The firm texture is so rich. We lean to kiss. It's a small thing, to start, closed lips, then building to a little nibble, and a little more. Tongues insinuate themselves between lips. Hers is like honey, sweet and soft. Her breath is hot on my cheek. Our breathing accelerates. I kiss across her cheek and down her neck. My hands begin a roaming, a testing of the ground that lies beneath her clothing. So sweet. I pull her to me. It's a totally new sensation. The flare of hip, the curve of thigh, all so different. And the soft pillows of her breasts, tipped in excited hardness dig into mine, that sensitive flesh registering every contour.

Her hands slide up under my shirt, palms flat and teasing my nipples. My hands cup her smallness – a firmness I don't recall resides there. Now the voices are beginning to sing. Hers and mine voluntarily sigh from the sweet sensation that resides in touch. We step apart and shed our tops. From a little distance, our fingers trace lazy trails around the breasts, neck, and tease at nipples which stand out begging attention. Not to interrupt this tantalizing activity, we bend to lean into a kiss. This time, the lips are open from the start and the tongues play almost before our lips meet.

Mirroring the moves of the other, our hands slide around waists and pull our naked torsos into contact. Burying a nipple against her softness is like immersing them in hot water, every current of movement is an exquisite sensation. The electric connection is made and each movement sends a charge of pleasure into my clit. My hips surge at her body to be met by hers. She must be experiencing the same excitement.

Our hands insinuate themselves under clothes covering the wanting parts. Her buttocks are warm, and firm and flat. We pull each one to the other with handfuls of this flesh. The proximity to that wanting center drives my senses wild. There can be no separation now, we tug at fastenings and slide the offending cloth away from the sweet skin they cover. Our mons, slick and bare, slip against each other. This new sensation drags wanting gasps from our throats. It is so very different. Our bodies shift and strong thighs part legs, slipping between. Ah, a rubbing spot! Hips begin a gentle pulse against that convenience. Her wetness dampens my skin. The air touching it makes its coolness hot like a fire in the awareness of its source.

Hands shift again, this time parting the sweet lips that have driven this meeting. Slowly over that nub of her excitement my fingers pass, pausing only a moment to note the differences and the sameness. She is hard under that hood. Her lips are swelling and becoming hotter. My hand moves to the source of her wetness as hers finds mine. One finger slips over that skin so fine textured that it is like glass in this wet state. And then it slides into her. God! She's so hot. This feels so sweet. I reach for that spot, another finger joins the first. We are swaying with light-headedness, breath fast and furious.

As we move apart to settle on the bed, I see Tommy, his eyes alight, a flush spread up his throat and his maleness released and rampant. It makes me smile quietly and laugh in joy inside. He is enjoying the spectacle.

We gather each other anew and continue the explorations. My fingers can massage that lovely spot. It feels just as good to her as to me. I'm almost distracted as she finds mine and begins to drive my passions forward. Oh! God! It feels so good. We match strokes for a bit, and then slip over the edge into sweet oblivion, hips pulsing in time, pussy walls contracting, milking fingers like a cock. We stroke each other ever more gently, letting the intensity subside, the contractions lessen and, finally, cease.

With that orgasm taking the edginess from our bodies, we are free to explore. I bend to taste her nipples – foreign and familiar. I find that little spot on the flat face of them that, one with finger, one with tongue, drives her back to arch into me and the moans begin anew. Her hands furious with wanting dart here and there finally pulling me around to her mouth and placing mine at her waiting cunt. 

On our sides, a leg cocked, heads pillowed on thighs, our tongues reach to taste. Another virgin barrier falls, and minds begin that concentrated journey up the ladder of pleasure. My tongue teases her lips. I taste another woman for the first time. Like and unlike my own. A slow, dragging tongue slides down her slit. Her upper leg pulls back further and she pushes her hips at my face. It is not conscious, just wanting. My hips are seeking the same; mimicking her motion. Hardening my tongue a little with each pass, her lips part a little more each time. The slick flesh puffy, and slippery – wet from her and wet from my tongue. Such sweetness. Finally, at the top of a stroke, my tongue finds her clit, and fingers gently probe her. I lift the hood with the tip of my tongue to find the hardness waiting. And her tongue finds mine. Again the bolts of pleasure course through me. The sandpaper tongue sends a ripple of sensation ripping through me, each little peak and valley of the tongue seeming to inject another pleasure jolt on top of the one before. Fingers find the g-spot and now there are competing intensities. I can hold no longer, sucking her clit into my mouth, my tongue passes furiously over it seeking my own release – harder, faster, breathing stopped to focus, every muscle tense in the seconds before the blackness and the stars. Then the crashing, shuddering release. Omigod, omigod.

As our breath settles, we smile at each other. I raise my eyebrows and glance at Tommy, asking her if he may join us. Susie hesitates, and then, grinning an oh-what-the-hell grin, looks at him and says, “Come on,” beckoning him to join us. He looks at me for permission, and I grin and nod, letting him know I’d like it, too. My eyes close in relief. I really want him now.

When my eyes open, the object of my desire is poised, seeking its own release, selecting from a smorgasbord of tits and pussy and mouth. When did he strip? I can smell his familiar scent and it intoxicates me further. The bed dips under his weight as he joins the happy tangle. A hand on different breasts, touching, learning – the familiar and the new. We move and assault his cock with tongues from each, running the length of him. And the sweet taste of him mixes with hers on my tongue. Now he begins his ride up the precipice. He is under massive assault and in danger of being licked to death or at least to a thundering release of his passions.

Our tongues play with each other across the head of his cock. His hands are busy, sometimes absently when intensity begins to dim his thought, pulling and tweaking at nipples – so different, so much the same. Her breasts small and compact, firm with her ballerina body, mine fluffy pillows of womanhood. His hands and fingers pull and knead, making of these little nobs rheostats measuring his rise and fall toward orgasm. Sometimes we pause in our play with him to kiss and fondle one another.

Finally we arrange ourselves so his hands may find our sopping centers while we kiss him and suck him and play with his balls with white hot mouths. We take turns slipping his cock into our throats as deeply as we might, each with a little different feel, a little different style and each trip down a throat rips from him a groan and a thrust. One hand on each pussy, fingers pumping and slipping in our wetness, he begins to drive us onward, onward. We cry and moan with him, our hips surge as his do. There is a surfeit of passion exploding in the room when I fall over the edge of yet another wave of ecstacy and she follows me. My darling is left seeking release his hips driving into nothingness as we trail our kisses away from his need, over his balls, and across the tender skin at inside tops of thighs and juncture of abdomen and leg. 

Unceasing moans from him tell us of his exceptional desire for release. He is beginning to pull us toward him, his hands first on ankle, on thigh, pulling at waist. Softly in his moans I hear, “Now. Now. Oh, now.” And his abdomen tenses as he pulls himself up and begins his quest for a place.

As if by agreement, we kneel with our backs to him, and then present our cunts to his desire – slim and graceful, full and voluptuary, both red, swollen and glistening with the moisture of shared lust. He sinks his maleness first into me, stroking, once, twice, and again. Then he pulls back, softly asking Susie, “May I?, and as her wiggling ass assents begins to assault her, again plunging himself in long, hard strokes. I kiss her for her generosity. I love them both so! 

His hand holds one hip to steady himself, the other hand plays cock to the empty pussy before him. Our hands stroke each other’s clits making it uncertain whether to push back on his hand or cock or thrust forward on the deliciousness at the front. Head back, eyes aglow, he makes the journies between the two twice and the last assault rips him from his savoring of this delight, plunging him into a yelling, groaning ejaculation, his thrusts calling from him a new call with each stroke. Hard still he plunges into the other to milk his seed and sate his desire. Our voices mix with his as he drives us once again to clenching, writhing spasms of delight.

Omigod, omigod, omigod.

Again we are bludgeoned into a sweet, delighted torpor. We pet and stroke as we rest, trailing tickling fingers across yet-sensitive skin, shuddering with release. Our breaths slow, hammering hearts return to peaceful pace and we recover.

Smoldering eyes and smiles seem to lie everywhere in this tangle of flesh and limbs. My love seems buried in female flesh and watches with fondness to see what will next occur.

Smiling, first at him, then at her, I reach into the toy drawer and bring forth the new toy from Tommy. I smile recalling our chats and lascivious maunderings about this toy. 

Why did I cavil? Probably because I was thinking of things differently than the way Tommy presented it. He knows me so well. It's almost scary; we haven't been together that long and he can almost read my mind; certainly reads my motivations. 

Pulling this contraption from the drawer, I see a frown of puzzlement flicker over her face, soon replaced by a dawning of comprehension. She snatches the toy and quickly adjusts it to fit. Tommy moves to a sitting position on the bed –– he will observe closely how this interlude progresses. 

She looks so strange; her soft, small breasts on her chest and a huge rampant cock at her crotch. She has a look of power about her that sends thrills thundering through me. He was right. I'll tell him so, but not right now. 

We begin the buildup once again. The sweet touches and kisses. Tongues fencing and tasting and all the while this rampant intruder reminds us both of where this is going. Each thought passing through my head drives me further into extreme excitement, my heart hammers, my breath is short, wetness glistens on the tops of my thighs. 

Hands on my shoulders push me into position. She parts my thighs wide and settles this stranger, this intruder at the entrance. She begins to enter and retreat, each stroke a little deeper. A monster cock that pushes, pulls and stretches. She watches with fascination –– the path traveled and the wet coating it draws from me that catches light on its slickness –– her eyes follow the cock as it slowly disappears inside and reappears. I gasp as it reaches my depths and fills me, pulling at the skin despite the slipperiness it draws from me. The tightening skin is stroking my clit with each traverse, pushing me to the heights again. 

My hands are on her breasts, tweaking and rolling, then drawing a nail across the sensitive tip of her nipple. She moans and thrusts her chest at me, her hips following and the pace quickening. She has not noticed Tommy has moved to join us. 

As she slips to rest her hands and balance her hips for thrusting into me, her own pussy presents to him. I see the excitement in his eyes as he takes in this sight, her own wetness slicking her bare, puffed cunt. Susie sees it too, and, pausing in her efforts, asks, “What are you waiting for, Tommy?” He quickly settles himself and drives home into her in a single stroke, his force driving her cock into me to the hilt, her bones beating against mine before she pulls back to seek his retreating hardness. Again, again, again and with a needful fury he drives into her/me until we three are gasping and moaning, a choir of wanting. 

I fall into my oblivion, crying out his/her names, hips raised to accept her/him, pounding back at their cocks, my stomach tense as the pleasure waves roll through me, cunny clenching against the invader, my body's juices soaking me, mixing with hers as she begins her own ride on the pleasure waves, followed shortly by his gasping, grunting release as he seeks to drive himself into us both. 

As the intensity fades, and the shuddering spasms relent, we slip into a delightful pile. I am amazed at the textures and temperatures of the skins that press mine. So sweet the air that passes heated from their mouths, so tender the kisses we all share, so complete the playlet we have had, that our bodies seeking rest slide into the little death of sleep. Fingers trail over cooling skin, and slow to rest quiescent against a tender spot. Such sweetness.