 This story is entirely ficticious and fantasy.

"What a beautiful summers day," Ray murmured to his girlfriend Liz as they strolled hand in hand through a small wood.  

"It certainly is," Liz replied, while squeezing Ray's hand.  

Ray was keeping his eyes peeled for a suitable spot, where he and Liz could lie on the grass in the sun and convey their inner passions to each other.  They had the whole day to themselves and they both wanted to make the most of their time together, and make hot love. 

"HELLO,"  they heard a call, Ray and Liz looked at each other. 

"Who spoke?" Ray asked, not thinking there was anyone else around. 

"OVER HERE,"  came the voice again.  Looking to their right, Ray and Liz saw a woman standing by a tree, "CAN YOU HELP ME?"  the woman called. 

Ray and Liz walked towards her and saw that she was holding onto the tree for support. 

She was a fair haired woman about 40 years old, she wore tight jogging pants and a small top, which just covered her breasts, but exposed most of her midriff, She was slim and quite attractive, her hair tied up in a ponytail, She had clearly been out running.

"I've hurt my knee," she explained when they reached her, "and now I cannot walk, I only live the other side of the wood, its about half a mile away, would you help me get back home?"

"Of course we will," Liz told her, "come on Ray, we can carry her between us."

The woman put her arm round each of their shoulders and by both of them putting a hand under her thighs, they lifted her off the ground.

"Oh I'm so glad you came along, I thought no-one would, I've been there for thirty minutes unable to move," she explained, "I should not have gone jogging really because I have had this bad knee for a while now, I thought it was healing, but now I have hurt it again, Once I get some strapping on, it I will be OK."

"Well its lucky we came along then, Liz said, by the way, I'm Liz, and my friend is Ray."

"I'm very pleased to meet you both," she said with feeling, "I'm Zoe."

Ray had not said very much up to now, he could feel the muscles in Zoe's thighs and the pressure of her hands on his neck, she was quite light so they carried her with no great effort.

As they walked they made small talk, Zoe told them she lived with her husband in a cottage near the wood, but he was away in Europe on business and would not be back for another couple of days.

"Not far now she informed us," and then into view came a delightful country cottage.

They went through a small gate and took a path amongst the garden flowers to the front door, they set Zoe down and she rummaged in her pocket for her key.

"You must come in for a drink," she said, "you have been so helpful to me and I am very grateful." 

"How grateful?" Ray asked himself silently, then dismissed the thought as unworthy.

They helped Zoe onto a sofa and she sank onto it with a sigh, once again she expressed her thanks about them helping her. 

"If you tell me where the bandage is, I will strap your knee up," Liz told her. 

"Oh that's not necessary," she said, "I'm sure I can do it." 

"Would you normally do it yourself?"  Liz asked. 

"No my husband does." 

Then I will do it," Liz repeated, "your hubby is away,  besides, I am a first aider and I know what to do, Lets get your jogging pants off."

"Eeeerrrmmm, that's where I have a problem," Zoe said, turning scarlet, I don't have any underwear on, so I cannot very well take my joggers off."

"That's no problem," Liz laughed, "we will send Ray out to make the coffee and then I'll do it, Will that be alright?" 

"Well Okay then," Zoe said a little reluctantly.

"Spoil sports,"  Ray muttered as he left the room and went to the kitchen.

"Now," Liz said, once Ray was out of the way," where is your first aid stuff?"    

"In that cupboard," said Zoe pointing upwards. 

On reaching up,  Liz retrieved a large box and a roll of thick bandage, "Now," she said, looking directly at Zoe's face, "Lets get these joggers off."

Without hesitation Zoe lifted her bottom off the chair and gripping the waist of her jog pants, Liz eased them down over Zoe's hips and down her legs to discard them off her feet.

A woman Liz had met only thirty odd minutes earlier, was now naked from the waist down in front of her,  Zoe's swollen knee prevented her from fully keeping her legs closed, and the smooth lips of her feminine slit were clearly visible.   Liz looked up at Zoe, she looked back, a half smile on her face.   " What do you think?" she asked.

"It will be no trouble," Liz assured her, "I will soon have your knee strapped up."

"I meant, what do you think of my pussy?" Zoe asked to Liz's surprise.  

"I'm very impressed,"  Liz told her, "how long have you kept your vagina smooth?"  

"For quite awhile now, before I was married I had a torrid affair with another woman and she insisted that I had a smooth pussy and I have kept it ever since. Now my husband likes it."  

"Really!"  Liz exclaimed, noting that Zoe had not hesitated to tell her she had an affair with another woman, or that she had exposed herself without embarrassment, "Is there a message there?" Liz asked herself, "maybe I will find out," she mused silently.

Getting back to the task in hand, Liz prepared the bandage and began to wrap it professionally around Zoe's knee, In doing so Liz had to lift Zoe's knee causing her legs to part further, Liz could not resist a sly look along Zoe's thighs to where her pussy was now fully exposed, her lips open and her clitoris, Liz was sure, beginning to enlarge.

A few minutes later and the bandaging was done,  "Thank you Liz!" Zoe exclaimed, "that feels so comfortable.  

Liz looked at Zoe's glowing face, it was full of gratitude, and Liz thought, "maybe this will get even better,"  Liz looked at Zoe's chest and through her top Zoe's nipples were pushing through the material, they had not been doing that earlier.   Liz's pulse quickened and she felt her passions rising, leaning towards Zoe, Liz kissed her lips. 

Withdrawing a few inches, Liz whispered, "So glad to have been of help, how further can I help you?" 

"By kissing me again,"  Zoe murmured, and pulled Liz's lips back to her own, this time they kissed ravenously and hungrily, pressing mouth to mouth and slipping tongues into each other, Liz brought her hand to Zoe's small but firm and round bra-less breasts, to squeeze and pull on her erect nipples, breaking off their kiss, Liz lifted Zoe's top over her head and now her new friend was totally naked for her pleasure.

Kneeling in front of Zoe, between her legs, Liz kissed Zoe's inner thighs upwards from her knees, keeping her pussy in her eye line,  Liz could see it begin to glisten and she knew Zoe was becoming wet, Zoe opened her legs as wide as she could, allowing for her injured knee, and with her hand she pulled Liz's head to her pussy. 

Extending her tongue Liz pushed it into Zoe's now soaking open slit, tasting her sweet juices. Folding her tongue Liz pushed it into Zoe's hole as far as she could go, Liz felt Zoe's body writhing beneath her, and heard her murmuring, "Harder Liz, please, harder, make me cum, oh do make me cum,"  Liz moved her tongue up to Zoe's clitoris, It was a hard bud and Liz drew it aggressively into her mouth, Zoe went wild, wriggling and writhing, Liz's hands went round her bum to keep her in place, Liz knew she was close, and sucked and probed her harder, and with a howl and squeal Zoe squirted her tasty cum all over Liz's face

"Oh WOW,"  Liz sat back on her haunches still between Zoe's open legs, "Phew," she added, Zoe slumped in her chair, her eyes closed her head lolled to one side, Then she opened her eyes and looked at Liz.  

"MMM Liz, that was wonderful, you made me feel so good, its been awhile since I had an orgasm like that, Please undress for me, I want to see your body."

Slowly Liz stood up and began to take off her clothes, she lifted off her top and then her bra, Zoe gasped in admiration when she saw Liz's voluptuous breasts,  "Its a day for no panties," Liz announced, "because I'm not wearing any either, and she let her track suit bottoms fall to the ground,

Zoe's eyes swept up and down Liz's naked body standing above her, " AHH Liz, you are beautiful," she whispered sincerely.

"I am going to be waxed next Wednesday, Liz explained, feeling she had to apologise that her pussy was not quite as smooth as Zoe's. 

"I like it," Zoe smiled and taking Liz's hand she pulled her closer and her fingers began to stroke Liz's pussy lips. Making room on the sofa Liz was able to squeeze down beside Zoe,  

Liz's tits were close to Zoe's mouth and she took a nipple between her lips, her fingers stroked inside Liz's thigh then settled on her pussy.  Liz had felt very wet from when she had tongue fucked Zoe, and Zoe quickly confirmed it, "Oh Liz," she said, "you are so wet," and she plunged first one finger then two then three fingers far into Liz's hole, crooking her fingers inside,  she quickly found Liz's Gspot.  Liz's eyes glazed over, her head spun, her body shuddered, and from far away, Liz's whole inner self seemed to erupt in the fury of a tremendous orgasm.

Liz's body would not stop shivering, The two women clung to each other,  tits pressed together, and Zoe's fingers still embedded inside Liz's cunt,  Both of them thrilled by the passions they had each produced in the other. 

"Are you two girls ready for this coffee?"  Ray called from the doorway, then his eyes nearly popped out of his head at the scene before him,  two naked females wrapped in each others arms, fingers and tongues in various orifices.

Receiving no answer, Ray put the coffee cups down and stood in front of the women. "Well you can't leave me out," he grinned.  Ray had started out on this walk earlier, with the firm intention of fucking his girlfriend Liz, and he had no intention of being denied.

Ray stripped off and stood in front of Liz and Zoe, waiting for them both to notice him, First Liz looked round, then Zoe opened her eyes,  Liz smiled,  familiar recognition coming into her eyes, Zoe murmured, "mmmmmmmm." 

Taking that as approval Ray moved closer and kissed first Liz then Zoe, Liz reached round and stroked Ray's arse cheeks, Zoe then grasped his cock and yanked it none too tenderly to her mouth where she began to suck noisily,  Liz got up off the chair and took Ray's cock from Zoe's grasp, Ray knelt between Zoe's legs, pushing them apart and closed his mouth over her still wet cunt lips.

Once again Zoe responded like a dervish, thrashing and twisting and once he had her clit in his mouth she began to cum like a hot spring gushing steam, she nearly crushed Ray's head between her strong thighs as she drew him further into her sex. Ray wondered how her husband coped with her. 

Liz reached under Ray's chin and finger fucked Zoe's hole, then pulled Ray's mouth away and kissed his lips, at the same time tasting Zoe's cum, Once more Liz sat beside Zoe and spread her legs in invitation, not needing a second offer, Ray rose up and plunged his dick deep inside Liz's cunt, to be exactly where he had intended to be earlier that day, Ray fucked Liz in a fury his passions sky high, He was able to push a finger into Zoe's nearby cunt hole while his cock filled Liz's hole,  Zoe reached over and took Liz's tits, one in her mouth the other between her fingers.

Liz cried with joy and ecstasy, Zoe blubbed and sucked over Liz's nipples and Ray tingled and throbbed into an almighty ejaculation that took his breath and strength away.

Minutes later Ray sat back and surveyed the wreckage of their sex,  New friend Zoe lay naked, slumped on the sofa, legs wide apart her female sex unashamedly on show.  Liz lay beside Zoe, her own pussy equally exposed and proud, Ray's spunk quietly dribbling from her opening.

Ray thrilled at the sight before him, taking in all that was on view, almost in fear of never seeing such a sight again.  He stood up, hands on hips, his cock drooping but triumphant. Once again he asked, "NOW are you two girls ready for your coffee?"

This time both women agreed, They needed this drink.