 Author's Note: I originally posted the story under a different penname, but due to some serious privacy issues I'd been having, I took it down, along with my audios. So, I'm starting again and being more careful. So forgive me if I'm not as responsive as I once was. It's hard to trust people. 

__

I always looked up to Blaine; she was like the big sister I never had. Blaine taught me everything, from how to walk in heels to getting a guy to pay for your drinks. I really loved it; hell, I loved her. It killed me to admit it, but I really did. Not in the awkward way a brother loves a sister, or the passionate way a husband loves a wife, but in a secret, silent way that was embarrassing to think about. 

But as I sank lower into my bubble bath, I started to think about it more and more. Had I always felt this way? Did it show? My mind wandered to the scene of my thirteenth birthday. Blaine was eighteen and way past the age for showing up at kiddy parties, but she came anyway, toting bags of makeup and stuffed animals. There had to have been at least ten or fifteen other kids there, but she was the only one I saw. That night, in the basement when she was loading my lips with blush, I kissed her cheek and asked her to run away with me. 

"You're such a sweetheart," she had said, ruffling my hair. I had felt like such an idiot then and the same way even now. Blaine knew everything and I knew nothing. 

I let my breasts bob on the surface of the water for a moment and ran a fingertip over the soft flesh of one nipple. They weren't as nice as Blaine's, as I had observed one day during a bit of topless sunbathing at the beach. Hers were this lovely pale pink, just like her lips, and much smaller than mine. 

As I rolled the brown bud back and forth between my fingers, I thought of how Blaine might like it if I did the same to her. I closed my eyes and gave it a little pinch, all the while picturing my roommate lying beneath me, red hair fanned out on the bed. Part of me wasn't sure it was what I really wanted, but the idea definitely seemed nice.

"Blaine," I whispered her name out loud and trailed a hand down my stomach, lazily. Just as I parted my thighs, the bathroom door swung open.

"Hey roomie!"

I jumped, splashing water everywhere, but Blaine just looked in and laughed. I adored that laugh, even if it was at my own expense. 

"Sorry honey," she started peeling down her stockings. "Was I interrupting something a little naughty?"

"No!" I snapped and contemplated getting out of the bath. It was just too hard to concentrate when she was standing in front of me, undressing like that.

"Can't you do that in your room?" I whined, trying my best not to watch. Blaine just smiled.

"Is that water warm?" she asked once she was down to her bra and panties. 

"Sorta..." I blew some of the bubbles around and then stopped. "You're not thinking of getting in, are you?"

Blaine pulled hair into a ponytail and then twisted that up into a bun.

"Why shouldn't I? You're taking ages." she gave me another smile, and I couldn't bring myself to protest. She looked so lovely with all that red hair framing her face. Thinking about it made me remember a time when I was younger and tried to dye mine to match hers. It would have been perfect...if I had known what the hell I was doing. I put in too much, left the dye in for too long, and when Blaine came to my aid to rinse it for me, my hair fell out in clumps. 

"What's your rush?" When I looked up again, Blaine had her bra off and was stepping out of her panties. I turned back to the tub as quickly as possible, and pretended I hadn't seen anything.

"Big date tonight," she slid into the tub behind me and sighed. We hadn't taken baths together since we were little, and even then I had been self conscious. 

"Big date, huh?" I felt a little jealous of her. Blaine was always getting dates, which meant as soon as she came home with them, which she always did, I was confined in my room until they decided to stop fucking. 

"Yeah. Met him at work when he came in for a coffee. His name is Mark. Nice guy, really. I want you to meet him." Blaine started to rub her soapy hands on my back. She always did have a problem with self-control.

"I don't want to— 

"—you're so lucky you've got bit tits," Blaine interrupted me and squeezed them together with a giggle. 

"Blaine!" I splashed her in the face with the bathwater and she let go, laughing still.

"You're so damn sensitive," she took my hands and placed them on her small breasts. "See? Feel them. I don't care."

I kept my hands there, even after she had let go, and ran my fingertips across her nipples. Blaine smiled curiously at me. 

"Mark likes big tits too, you know..." she said once I let my hands fall away. 

"What do I care?" I huffed. "He's gonna be fucking you, not me."

Blaine chuckled right against my earlobe. "Mm, yeah...that's right, isn't it?"

The tickle of her warm breath made me flush. 

"You're such a whore," I sank lower into the water with a nasty scowl on my face. I hadn't meant it seriously, and I knew she knew that. 

"At least I'm not a virgin," Blaine pushed me down under the water and I came back up, coughing. 

"I am not!" I grabbed her shoulders and tried to push her down in return, but she looped her arms through mine and held us together. 

I didn't mind it at all, really. Even though we were both slippery with soap and water, chests still pressed tight against mine. With a little smile, she ran a hand over my thigh.

"Pretty much though, right? You've only slept with what...one guy?" Blaine's hand traveled over my bottom, but she didn't spank or squeeze. She just left it there, casually. 

"Two," I corrected. My heart was racing, but I tried not to let my arousal show. "Maybe I just don't need a cock in me at all times."

"Maybe you don't like cock at all..." she teased. "Is it pussy you're after?"

I opened my mouth to protest, and then shut it. I didn't even want to hear myself answer that question.

'Maybe I like both,' I thought angrily. 

"Don't get all serious; I'm just kidding," Blaine spanked me this time, and then pulled the drain plug with her toes. "Now stand up and help me rinse off."

I turned on the overhead shower and did so with no protest. I felt nervous, rubbing the soap on her skin, and then clearing it away, but Blaine didn't seem to mind at all. She wasn't shy about massaging the soap into my breasts, and even sponging between my legs. I wanted to tell her to stop and give me a little space, but I couldn't find the strength to deny myself of her touch. She was so gentle, so motherly as she washed me; I found myself wanting to hug her as she shampooed my hair. 

"Tired?" she murmured. Her voice was soothing and without its usual humorous undertone. 

"A little," I rubbed my sponge between her shoulder blades. "I wish you didn't have to go out..."

"Aww, you're such a sweetheart," Blaine whispered in my ear.

Hearing those familiar words stirred anger within me, but before I could snap at her, Blaine just turned up the shower flow and rinsed off. I stood there for a while after she got out and watched her fix herself up for the date.

"Are you sure this guy is nice?" I finally stepped out and wrapped a towel around myself. Blaine let her hair down and started curling it.  

"Very," she smiled to herself. "Like I said, you should meet him."

"I'll pass. I've met nice guys before." I tugged my robe on and followed Blaine out of the room when she was done. 

"But obviously not enough of them. You should put out more, sweetheart." She stepped into a pair of strappy black heels that matched her thong panties, and didn't bother with a bra. 

I didn't respond to Blaine. Instead, I sprawled out on her unmade bed and watched her struggle to pick an outfit. She finally decided on a dress she'd bought weeks ago, but never worn. It was a backless mini that I hated, with a low draped front. It was easy to see the swell of her breasts, and with just a slight bend at the waist, she'd be flashing anyone who stood behind her.

I wanted to tell her not to wear it, but I knew there was no point. The more I protested the more keen she'd be on leaving the house in it. 

As I stared up at the ceiling, Blaine sprayed on perfume and went over a series of chores she wanted me to do. Of course I wasn't going to do a single one, but I thought nodding and "mhm-ing" was the right thing to do.

When the doorbell rang downstairs, I followed behind Blaine sluggishly, just to get a look at the guy she'd be leaving with. They greeted each other with a series of overzealous kisses, but I didn't really react. Like I said, Blaine didn't have much self-control. Part of me couldn't blame her, either. Mark really wasn't bad looking. He was sort of...gorgeous. 

I hid at the top of the stairs instead of facing them together, and stared. He looked a bit older than Blaine, probably in his early thirties, but he looked good for it. Nice smile, clean shaven, good hair. Real hair.

It was a step up from some of the undeserving assholes I'd seen her parading about with. He looked corporate almost, very important and distinguished. 

Putting out worthy.

I started feeling a little jealous again, but not for the same reason as before.

'Maybe I should have more sex,' I thought solemnly of the stash of toys I had shoved in the back of my closet. 

I was too picky when it came to men, and I almost always ended up chickening out when it came to the sex.

It wasn't as if I wasn't interested in it – I was definitely interested in it – I just didn't feel like going through countless men to find the one to hit the right spot for me. Two nights of bad sex over two years was two nights too many. 

"Hey roomie! Get down here!" Blaine called up the stairs while holding Mark's hand. 

I started to go back towards my room, but I was certain they had already seen me. So still in my bathrobe, I sucked it up and plastered on a fake smile. 

"Hi..." I gave my hand to Mark. "You must be—

"Mark. Blaine's told me so much about you," he smiled at me, and I shrank a little. There was something a little...dirty behind it. And besides that, I hadn't noticed how tall he was. I felt like a dwarf in front of him.

"Um..." I couldn't think of anything else to say. Why would Blaine bother to tell him anything about me in the first place? She'd never done it before.

"Isn't he great? He's great, isn't he?" Blaine gave me a little punch in the shoulder and I pretended to laugh about it.

"Yep," I avoided her date's eyes, but I could feel him staring at me anyway. 

"Hey, you just turned 18, didn't you?" Mark got my attention again. 

"Yeah..." I furrowed my brow. "Yesterday."

He just smiled instead of saying anything else, and I fought the urge to clamp both hands over the front of my robe. It felt almost as if he could see right through it. 

"Well, don't wait up," Blaine winked at me.

"You're a lovely young lady. Take care," Mark leaned in and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I hadn't seen it coming fast enough, and when I tried to turn my head, our lips touched. 

I didn't know what to say after that, but neither Blaine nor her date mentioned it. Instead, they bid me goodbye again and left. On his way out, Mark gave me a little wink of his own.

I decided not to dwell on it, and plopped down on the couch instead. I watched a documentary on god knows what for a while, and then started feeling antsy. I couldn't get Blaine and her new boyfriend out of my head. He was too old for me, but I kept thinking about how nice it would be if I could be the one going out on a date for once. 

It was then I remembered my address book. I had to know someone who'd want to get together. The first guy I called was a friend from high school, Daniel. We didn't go to the same college, but occasionally Dan and I would fool around when he was in town. There was never any sex, but I figured it was something we both thought about enough to go through with...

Luckily when I called he was in and spending a night at home. He seemed eager to come when I invited him, and as soon as I hung up, I went up and changed my clothes. After digging around in my closet for a little, I found the present Blaine had given me yesterday – a white lace babydoll with matching g-string. She always was one for inappropriate gifts, but I figured as long as I had it, I should put it to good use.

It took about half an hour to get into it properly, and by that time, Daniel was at the door. I pulled on my robe again and ambled back downstairs to meet him. 

"It's great to see you again," he gave me a polite peck on the lips at the doorway, and wiped his feet on the mat. That's the kind of guy he was. Sweet; even when you didn't want him to be. 

I kissed him again when I shut the door, and he pushed me firmly against the wall. It knocked the wind out of me at first, but I was pleasantly surprised.

'So much for politeness,' I thought. In response, I slid my tongue into his mouth and angled my mouth slightly. Even after we parted for breath, he still feathered kisses on my cheek and collar. 

"So how's life?" I managed. Daniel slid his hands under my robe and pulled it down to expose my shoulders.

"Well, I can't complain..." he smiled when saw the lingerie. "I definitely... can't complain." 

"I take it you like it?" I wrapped my arms around his neck and he slid his hands down my sides.

"Very much." he kissed me again, harder, and we stumbled our way over to the couch. 

We didn't spend anymore time chatting after that. I helped him out of his shirt and jeans, and tossed them on the coffee table. Blaine was always doing the same when she brought her boy-toys home, and for some reason, it made me feel more adult, more mature. I had always lived by pages torn from the "Rule book of Blaine," but I had never been able to pull off the things she did quite as well.

'Not until now.' 

"What made you want to get together?" Daniel dragged my robe off completely and then leaned up to get a better lock. 

"Horny," I chuckled, straddling him. "Very horny."

"So you're using me?" he smiled curiously. I slipped one hand into his boxers and watched his eyes roll back.

"Do you mind?" I jerked him again. Half chuckling, half moaning, Daniel just shook his head no.

As he relaxed against me, I pressed kisses down his chest in a beeline towards his waist. Daniel stroked the side of my face absentmindedly, and continued to hold his eyes shut while I pleasured him. He looked so peaceful and sweet, it was hard to get turned on.

"Oh..." he arched his back against the couch a little when I finally took him into my mouth. His cock was still a little soft, but as soon as I began to suck, he swelled between my lips. 

"Mmm," I groaned. "You're so fucking hard..."I opened my mouth to take him further in, and then all of a sudden heard the front door unlock behind us. 

"Roomie!" Blaine called out, and I nearly jumped out of my skin. Daniel gave the same look of panic, and immediately began tucking himself back into his jeans. 

"Ow," I stumbled into the coffee table as I tried to snatch up my robe. "Hold on! Stay in the hall!"

Just as Daniel pulled his shirt back on, Blaine and her date came into view. I hadn't covered up yet, and my lingerie was out for them both to see. Blaine covered her mouth with her hand, but I could see the laughter in her eyes. Beside her, Mark just stared.

"Why are you home so early?" I covered my front with the robe instead of pulling it on. "You left half an hour ago!"

"We got bored," Blaine smirked. "Hello Daniel..."

She gave him a little wave, and I felt like dying right then and there. Daniel looked as though he seconded that notion. Even with his jeans on, it was easy to see his cock straining against the fabric. 

"Hey," he said quickly, and then looked to me. "Thanks for...well...um...I had a nice time. Call me, okay?"

I nodded miserably as he planted a fast kiss on my cheek and hurried out the front door. Blaine just kept looking at me with a smirk on her lips, and her little boy-toy parroted it easily. 

"I'm going to bed," I pulled the robe closed over my shoulders and with what little dignity I had left, marched up the stairs. 

Blaine tried to call me back down, giggling all the while, but I shut myself up in my room, prepared to die a slow death. 

'That's what I get for trying to follow her advice...' I turned on my side in bed and licked my lips. I could still taste Daniel in my mouth, and I didn't hate it at all. Men were so unique tasting, so musky and warm...I loved it, but couldn't help wondering about how other women tasted. My thoughts turned to Blaine once more, and I growled out loud. There was no use thinking about that when in a matter of moments she and her date would be screwing.

At that moment, there was a loud bang at my door. I started to get up, but stopped when I heard Blaine's obnoxious giggling.

"Watch it! You're gonna get her pissed," she whispered. "Come on...my room."

I covered my head with the pillow again and willed myself to sleep.

A few hours later, a long while after the giggling and groaning had finally ceased, I dragged myself out of my bedroom and into the hall. Everything was quiet, and it was after one in the morning. By that time, Blaine had usually sent her fucktoys home. So I carefully opened the door to her room to see. Blaine lay on the bed completely nude and alone, the sheets only covering her ankles. 

Her toy was nowhere in sight, so I took the liberty of strolling in without asking. Blaine was asleep and snoring lightly. Under any other circumstance I would have been annoyed, but she just looked so perfect lying there. I let my gaze drift down between her thighs and smiled. She had red hair everywhere. Very gently, I placed a hand on her stomach and waited for a reaction. There was nothing. Blaine continued to snore. 

Her skin was so smooth; I couldn't help but stroke it. With a smile on my lips, I moved my hand up to her breast, and teased her soft, pink nipples. They hardened quickly under my touch, but Blaine remained unaware. Or so I thought. 

"Pinch them," she whispered suddenly. 

I recoiled immediately, but Blaine caught my wrist at the last moment with a smile. I wanted to apologize, or at least to crawl away and hide, but her smile kept me grounded.

"I knew you were a lez..." she chuckled while pulling the robe from my shoulders. 

"No," I tried to protest, but she was easing me down on the bed next to her, and I couldn't think properly anymore.

"I'm only kidding," she brushed a bit of hair out of my eyes in that same, motherly fashion. "It's okay to experiment..."

Blaine continued passing her fingers through my hair. "I did it during college...there's no reason why we shouldn't...why we couldn't..." 

"I-I we can't...I mean I'm not..." I stammered dumbly, but no longer had any idea what I was saying. All I knew was the feeling of her lips on my neck. Her kisses felt so soft and natural, I didn't feel hesitant at all when I cupped her breast with one hand. I took her advice and pinched her nipple to see how she'd react. Blaine mewled quietly in my ear, and then licked it slowly. I could already feel wetness building in the crotch of my panties. 

"You look so hot in this outfit," Blaine said, referring to the lingerie. "I actually felt jealous of that kid you were with. But when I really think about it, he wouldn't have known what to do with you."

I hid my joyous smile by bowing my head to suck her nipples. She moaned in appreciation and I felt her hips wriggling beneath mine. I never knew she was so sensitive. 

"Are you as wet as I am?" she asked, shamelessly. Before I could stop her, Blaine reached down between us. Her fingers pushed aside the string of my panties and slipped into my pussy. I could hear the wet sound of her fingers sinking in, and it felt so much nicer than I thought it would.
