 You should come over tonight, wear something tight ;) 

I grinned as I read his text. Hayden was my best friends brother and occasionally a fling for me. Once in a while Paige would have to go on over night trips with her volleyball team which would leave me alone and bored for the weekend. 

On one particular weekend I had gone to a party where Paige's brother Hayden had been at and one thing led to another I ended up spread eagle in the back of his jeep getting fucked by him. Ever since that weekend every time Paige went out of town and their parents were gone Hayden would invite me over. 

I rifled through my closet trying on different outfits until I settled on a super tight and slightly revealing mini dress. It was black with a plunging cowel neckline that went to the top of my belly button. The skirt of the dress hugged my hips and was very short, but long enough to cover my ass... barely. I put on a tiny black thong that I knew drove Hayden wild. My long mane of blonde hair was in a high pony tail and I applied a little makeup to complete the look. I adjusted the straps of the dress pushing them to the edge of my shoulders. The neckline covered only half of my breasts and barely my nipples now. I texted Hayden I was on my way as I hopped in my car to drive the couple of blocks to his house. When I got there I let myself in heading downstairs to their family theater room where I knew Hayden would be. 

"Damn Jamie you look fucking incredible," Hayden grinned as I sauntered over to him on the couch. 

"And what are you going to do about it?" I said as I straddled his lap.

"I'm going to tease that tight little pussy until you're begging me to be inside you," he said thrust his hard on against me making me moan. 

"Are you going to bend me over the pool table and pound my pussy?" I said as he began trailing his tongue along my exposed chest. His hand traveled south and parted my wet lips with two of his fingers. His fingers slowly penetrated me, letting my passion build as he finger fucked me. I couldn't help moving my hips and grinding against his hand, the night had barely begun and already I was about to cum. 

"Hayden where are you?!" Two very male and familiar voices yelled from upstairs slamming the door behind them. 

"Fuck," Hayden cursed his fingers quickly retreating from my hole as we adjusted ourselves. 

"Why the hell are Dylan and Jake here?" I groaned. I was extremely hot and turned on and I needed a release. 

"I have no idea," Hayden grumbled. 

I climbed off his lap and he grabbed a blanket from the end of the couch to cover us as we heard them descend down the stairs. 

"Oh so this is why you weren't answering your texts," Dylan smirked at me, "looking good Jamie." 

"I was feeling good too until you jack asses showed up," I teased making them laugh. 

"Yeah if I don't text your dumb asses back it is not an invitation to come over," Hayden frowned. 

The boys just rolled their eyes and plopped down on the couch.

The four of us sat in silence watching the television. I squirmed in my seat still completely turned on and with no release in sight I became antsy. 

Hayden seemed to realize my discomfort and I almost sighed in relief as I felt his hand slide up my thigh under the blanket. I pretended to concentrate on the movie as his fingers pushed my scrap of underwear to the side and plunged deep inside me. I tried my best not to pant and moan as he circled my bundle of nerves with his thumb roughly. 

Dylan and Jake pretended to not notice my arousal, but the evidence growing in their pants betrayed them. My orgasm built yet again and I couldn't help but softly moan as the sensations were just too much. I came hard against Hayden's hand, my juices soaking his fingers as I finally got my release. Hayden continued to rub my tender slit as I calmed down. Then his fingers tugged gently on my thong as he slowly pulled it to my knees under the blanket. I didn't hesitate to let it drop to my ankles and I grinned as I stepped out of the lace scrap.

It excited me knowing these three men wanted to fuck me and being the generous soul I was I intended to let them. Hayden and I were always trying new and kinkier things and I knew this would be the ultimate excitement. 

I stood up slowly not bothering to adjust the skirt of my dress as it rode up nearly exposing me completely. I sunk to my knees in front of Hayden pulling on his shorts to free his monstrous cock in the process. 

He gave me a 'what the hell are you doing?' look, but I just smirked and slowly wrapped my mouth around his member. All three boys watched as I sucked and stroked Hayden's cock. By the looks on their faces I knew each one of them wanted to fuck me silly. Which only made me suck harder and faster... to put on a good show. Hayden grabbed the back of my head as he thrust deeper into my throat. I moaned in excitement as his hot cum filled my mouth. Being the good girl I was I swallowed and licked my lips when he finished. Dylan stood up, pulled me up, and gave me a wicked grin. 

"Who knew sweet little Jamie was so naughty," he chuckled playing with the straps of my dress. Slowly he pushed them off my shoulders exposing my erect nipples and breasts. I shivered as his cold fingers pulled roughly on my nipples. 

"Bend over," Dylan ordered me. 

I did as I was told and bent over placing my hands on the ottoman for support. Jake and Dylan moved to stand on either end of me and unzipped their jeans. Jake rubbed his cock around my open mouth as Dylan fingered my slick hole. I glanced over to see Hayden stroking himself as he watched us. 

Dylan pulled my dress the rest of the way off leaving me completely exposed to the three of them. Simultaneously Dylan slowly slid the tip of his dick inside me as Jake pushed into my mouth. Once his throbbing member had filled me entirely he pulled out fast and not a second later he slammed back into me. Jake grabbed my pony tail pulling roughly he thrust his cock in and out of my mouth in unison with Dylan. Dylan grabbed my hips lifting me as he thrust inside me. I moaned as he grabbed my breasts and squeezed hard as he plowed into me. Jake fucked my face at an intense speed and I circled the tip of his cock with my tongue as I played with his bouncing balls. He slapped me and moved his hand to twist my nipple.

"Fuck she's so wet," Dylan groaned.

Jake moaned as he pulled out of my mouth breaking the suction with a pop and sprayed his cum all over my face. Dylan however wasn't finished, his speed increased making a loud slapping sound as his balls slapped against my dripping pussy. We came together screaming in ecstasy as his cock spurted his load inside my tight hole. Dylan pulled out of me and smacked my ass hard before collapsing onto the couch. 

"I think you need every hole fucked don't you Jamie, you dirty girl," Hayden licked his lips as he pushed me so I was on all fours on the ottoman. He spread my cheeks with his hands and without warning forced his huge cock inside my virgin ass. I screamed in pain as he fucked my tight little hole. 

"Damn you're so fucking tight," Hayden grunted.

Soon the pain subsided and I moaned as he thrust in and out. He fingered my dripping pussy as he fucked my ass and I screamed again, but this time from immense pleasure. Dylan and Jake watched as I moaned and screamed. My tits bounced and jiggled as Hayden continued his assault. I bit my lip as Hayden thrust three fingers inside me. 

Dylan stood stroking his cock he began rubbing the tip against my erect nipple.

He cupped my breasts in both hands and pushed his cock between them. I moaned loudly, I was so fucking turned on. 

"Do you like my cock between your tits?" Dylan said tugging on my nipples as he rubbed my tits up and down his cock. 

"Mmm yes," I said. 

"Such a slut being fucked from both ends," Hayden said smacking my ass.

"Oh god Hayden, faster please!" I moaned. 

Dylan squeezed my tits hard as his cum sprayed all over them.

Hayden thrust hard inside me and thrust four fingers in my pussy as he pounded my ass.

I came for the third time that night as Hayden came on my ass. 

I collapsed against the ottoman completely spent. 

"Better rest up Jay, once they leave I've got that sweet little pussy for the weekend," Hayden chuckled.