 "Man, I'm going to hook you up", he said out of the blue. We had just left the bar after a night of drinking while home from college break. Maybe it was the liquid courage that brought him to broach the subject so abruptly. 

John and I had been best friends since grade school. We shared good times and bad, stories and experiences, but I had never thought we would share in the way that this one random sentence would initiate.

"Oh yeah, how's that?" I said, my curiosity a little peaked.

Silence.

A little strange, I thought. John isn't normally at a loss for words.

"Well, Sandy and I were watching a porno the other day..." my interest peaked a little more "...and there was this one scene." John was visibly nervous. "These two guys were, umm, servicing this one girl and..." he stammered a little. "Well, let's just say that it peaked her interest. We started talking and we decided it would be something we would both like to try." 

I think I audibly gasped with surprise. This was probably both due to the words that were coming out of his mouth, but also from the tingling between my legs. "We took the conversation a little further and were trying to decide who we would want to do it with. We both decided that we'd like to see if you were interested."

Silence again...

My thoughts moved to Sandy, John's girlfriend of 3 years. Sandy was petite with medium length brown hair and a beautiful, almost wholesome face. She had smallish, but perky breasts and a perfect ass. She had been a runner in High School and was able to keep her figure and never put on the normal "freshman 15". 

The most amazing thing about this conversation was that Sandy was the prototypical girl next door. Seeing her on the street, you would never think that these types of thoughts could even enter her head, let alone have discussion with her boyfriend about having two men at the same time.

I shook off the lustful thoughts of Sandy to respond. "Are you sure?" I asked. Although the idea of getting a turn with my best friend's girlfriend certainly got me excited, I knew wouldn't do it if it was going to affect our friendship. There are some things more important than a night of lust..."I would want to make sure everything's cool. I would never want this to be an issue between us." I said. 

"No man, everything's cool. Plus, I think you're the only one I could trust to do it with." I was still a little floored to say the least. After a long pause, I had to ask the question. "So, what do you get out of this? I can see what she gets (two horny guys)...and I certainly know what I get (the fantasy fulfilled of getting to get it on with my best friend's girlfriend)...but what's in it for you?" 

I think John knew this question would come eventually. "Well, after thinking about it for a while, I kind of got excited about the idea of Sandy with another man. I think seeing her get fucked by someone right in front of me would get me off. Plus, of course, turnabout is fair play. If we do this with you, she's got to be open to bringing in another girl for us...and you know I've always wanted two girls at the same time."

Now, although it's not my thing, I could see how a guy could get excited by sharing his girlfriend with his best friend. Fortunately for me, and the situation, my fantasies always revolved around some type of group sex scene. The wild abandon I imagined of having multiple people in a bed giving and receiving pleasure always got me going. I always imagined it would be with two women, but what the fuck...John and I were best friends (and straight) and Sandy was really hot. Now, out of the blue, I was confronted with a situation where I might actually be able to live out this fantasy. 

With a few more confirmations from John that this was what he and Sandy wanted, and that we wouldn't let it hurt our friendship, I was in.

Now we had to get down to the details. We picked a day later on in the week that we all were free. Friday would work. It was decided that I would go over to John's apartment where he and Sandy would be waiting. After a few (or many) drinks, we would move into some strip poker and see where things went from there. The strip poker was my idea...I thought it was a nice way to put a check mark next to one of my other fantasies. 

With our best plans laid, it seemed as though Friday would not come fast enough. Each night before going to bed, my head was filled with thoughts of things to come. Sandy's lithe body rubbing up against mine. Her hot mouth engulfing my hard cock while my best friend takes her from behind. Her muffled groans in my mind like a lullaby as I drifted off to sleep with my hand on my stiff dick.

Finally, Friday arrived. I was like a little kid on Christmas morning as I walked up the steps to John's house. I gave the door the obligatory knock and let myself in. As I yelled "Hello" I could hear there response from the living room. As I turned the corner I saw Sandy and John sitting on the couch, John, looking a little nervous, Sandy with a big devilish grin. My dick throbbed.

We were all a little nervous, and John broke out the booze just in time. We made some idle conversation for a few minutes as I quickly drank two drinks in an attempt to get my head straight. Sandy was wearing low-slung jeans with a little white belly t-shirt. The jeans were just low enough to see a peek of her panties poking up from the rear when she bent. Damn, she was hotter tonight than I even remembered. Her brown hair perfectly framing her face which was adorned with just the right amount of makeup. Her cute belly-button highlighting her flat and toned stomach. Her tits were small, but perfectly shaped. John had told me in the past during a drunk night of guy talk that she had perfect nipples. It was that thought that was on my mind as I heard John break the silence with the words that would get it all started, "You guys want to play some poker?".

So there we were, the three of us. All pretty excited and a little nervous. We gathered around the coffee table, John on the couch, Sandy on the floor to his left and me on the right. I could already feel my dick starting to get a little hard at the thought of getting started. "How about some strip poker?" John said confidently, trying to keep up appearances. It was funny, we were all still trying to pretend that we didn't know what was going on. "Sure" Sandy spoke up with a sly smile on her face. "I'm in.", trying to remain cool. 

John laid down the ground rules. "Alright, the guys have 3 pieces of clothing since we're not wearing socks and Sandy has 5. I think it's only fair is Sandy takes hers socks off to even things out." Without hesitation, Sandy reached down and removed her thin white socks. Now I'm not usually a foot guy, but just the sight of a little bit of that smooth, creamy skin started me going just a little more.

First Hand: We were playing 5 card draw. I had a pair of 4's after drawing 3 cards, John had a pair of 8's and Sandy had nothing...Sandy reached into her shirt, did the little bra removal dance and a white lace bra popped out of the sleeve. Even with the low hand, at this point, I'd say I was winning. Second Hand: After having nothing but a King, I was able to draw two pair. This time John was the loser. He removed his pants and got prepared to deal once again.

Third Hand: Lady luck was with me again, in a close one, Sandy's pair of 10's lost to my pair of Jacks and John's three of a kind. Now the decisions began. Would Sandy take off her shirt, exposing those perfect nipples which were now getting every so hard through her t-shirt? Or would she remove her jeans, giving me a shot of that perfect ass in her panties. It seemed discretion won out in the fact of showing more skin and she slowly stood up and removed her jeans. She slowly slid them over her ass and down the length of her smooth and tanned legs. Kicking them off playfully in John's direction when she was through. I had a smile ear to ear.

Fourth Hand: I lost. Actually I just threw away a pair of Aces in order to get into the swing of things. I took off my jeans.

Fifth Hand: Now it started to get really interesting...Sandy was down to just her bra and t-shirt, John and I both had boxers and a shirt on. I slugged back my drink in anticipation. Unbelievably, or because John had a tendency to deal from the bottom of the deck, Sandy lost again. I was expecting a little hesitation, but there was none to be found. Sandy giggled a little and peeled off her tight t-shirt exposing her beautiful tits. John wasn't lying, Sandy's perfectly formed breasts were in full view and her nipples were small, dark and perfectly shaped. They were also hard with anticipation of things to come.

Last Hand: "Alright, I've got an idea" John announced, breaking me from my wide-eyed admiration of Sandy's bear breasts. "The winner of the next hand gets to do whatever they want with anyone else for 3 minutes." Now I knew it was going to come to this at some point, but the fact that my childhood friend was offering up his half-naked girlfriend to me was one of the most exciting thoughts I had ever had. We began the hand as I studied John for one more look of jealousy. All I got was a wink. I knew that I would win this one, no matter what. 

Of course, I did. Through some miraculous turn of events, I was dealt a straight (as I quickly reminded myself never to play poker with John again). No it is not often that you are put in a situation where you can ask your friend's girlfriend for sexual favors, especially in front of your friend. Thankfully John helped me out. "Why don't you two go over there on the chair? I think Sandy wants to see what's in those boxers." A smile grew on Sandy's face. I had to check one more time, just for my own edification. "Are you sure about this?" I asked. "Yup" John said with a smile. That was good enough for me.

I stood up and moved over to the chair and sat down, careful not to show too much of my ever-growing erection. I sat and turned my eyes toward Sandy as she followed. She walked slowly, as her breasts bounced ever so slightly and her hips moved from side to side. Her white cotton panties which hinted at her outwardly conservative nature, showed just a touch of wetness in front. She took her place in front of me and got on her knees. 

Without a word, her hand moved up my leg and she began to feel my swelling cock underneath my boxers. Both hands moved up and grabbed either side of my underwear, I arched my back a little so she could slide them off. Without ever removing her eyes from my thick, hard dick, she wrapped one small hand around its base and placed the other hand on my aching balls. She began to move her hand up and down the shaft while gently kneading my balls with her other hand. Her lips slowly parted and I could feel the warmth of her tongue as she put just the head of my cock into her mouth. I could have blown right there, but fortunately I let the sensation pass and just enjoyed an amazing blow job. Her tongue danced around my dick as she slowly sucked and licked up and down the length. I stared down at the soft brown hair flowing around my manhood and was suddenly more aroused as her eyes raised to meet my stare. My cock still fully engulfed by her eager mouth. I broke my gaze to look over at John. Forgetting for a moment where I was, and who I was with. John was leaning back on the couch, with his hand slowly rubbing his erection through his boxers. A smile was still on his face. 

"Times up!" John announced. I would say 3 minutes was more like 10, but who can tell time at that point. I took another drink. Sandy got up and as she did, gave me a little wink and a smile. 

I was still reeling a little from getting a quick, but amazing blow job from my best friend's girlfriend, but I was able to pull it together and get up from the chair. "So what do we do now?" Sandy asked, seeming a little anxious to ditch the games and get things going. "Do you want at turn?" she asked John. "No, actually I'm fine over here. I was thinking that you should have the favor returned though.". "Ok you're the boss." Sandy said with a smile. "Where do you want us?"

You see I knew my place. Ultimately this was John's fantasy, and I was just a (lucky) participant. And that was cool with me.

"How about right here?" John said as he patted the couch next to him. Sandy didn't even bother to respond, she just ran over and sat down next to John on the couch, with about a foot of room in between. "You're up man" John said slyly and I knew I was on.

I took my position in front of Sandy, slowly parting her knees and began to nuzzle her pubic area. The faint and delicious smell of her pussy through her panties got me going even more. I reached up and slowly began to massage her left breast, playing with her nipple between my thumb and index finger until it was rock hard. With my free hand, I reached up and slowly pulled down her panties and let them slide down her legs to the floor. I was greeted with a neatly shaven pussy, glistening with wetness from the evenings festivities. I kissed her inner thighs and brushed my nose against her clit just briefly when changing from one toned thigh to the other. As I did, her back arched in anticipation. 

When I thought we both had enough teasing, I moved my mouth over her beautiful pussy and let my tongue dart out to taste her wetness. It was delicious. I dove right in. Her legs raised around my head and she rested them on my shoulders. Her body began to writhe as my tongue moved up and down her slit. I let her wetness run all over the sides of my mouth. I finally zeroed in on her clit, taking it into my mouth and lightly running my tongue over it in a circular pattern. She began to grind into my face and her legs locked around the back of my neck. As I increased the speed she was quickly coming close to orgasm. With one long, slow lick of her clit, she began to shake. "I'm cumming" she screamed as I continued the onslaught on my friend's girlfriend's pussy. 

I finally lifted my head to see John wasn't screwing around anymore. He had taken off his boxers and was rubbing his cock with excitement from what he had just seen. Sandy wasn't screwing around anymore either. She saw the same thing I did and grabbed like a hungry baby for John's cock. Her mouth engulfed him in one motion as she maneuvered herself into all fours on the couch. I figured I would give them a little time together so I sat back for just a few minutes to enjoy the show. Sandy was licking up and down John's shaft with abandon. She quickly moved down to his balls and began sucking them into her mouth, one by one. The sight of this live porno film was more than I could bear. I moved around to the back of Sandy where her ass was pointed into the air. Her cute little ass was right there and I just couldn't resist myself. I gave her a nice spank on her tight cheek. I heard a muffled moan from Sandy's mouth as she continued to move up and down on his dick. 

Sandy raised her head for just a moment. She turned to me and with a growl said "Fuck me." Her head went right back in position to start sucking again. I didn't have to be asked twice. My cock was rock hard as I pressed against her pussy. It easily slid in from all of the lubrication, even though she was a very small and tight. I pumped Sandy from behind on John's couch like my life depended on it. I looked down to see my cock, glistening with her juices slid in and out, my balls slapping up against her clit.  At that moment, I saw John's head lean back on the couch and groan as he deposited his load deep into Sandy's awaiting mouth. She licked and slurped and swallowed every drop, even going back to clean up where she had missed a drop. All the while grinding back and into me and screaming like a woman possessed

At this sight, I just couldn't take it any more. I think John saw it coming and said "I want you to cum all over her." Sandy took the cue, flipped over, rested her head on John's lap and spread her legs for me. The sight was more than I could bear. I took careful aim and let an enormous load spray all over Sandy's awaiting chest, stomach and pussy. Wave after wave of hot jiz launched from my dick and onto that tight body. Sandy just smiled and rubbed my cum all over her breasts and stomach, stopping only to take a taste from her fingers.

We all got up from the couch. Sandy went to the bathroom to freshen up and John and I put our clothes back on and sat down in the living room. "I think we need another drink." John said, a little out of breath. "Absolutely." I agreed.

We sat for a minute, sipping our drinks, thinking of what had just happened. John broke the silence. "Well, that was fun." I wasn't sure at first if he really meant it but after seeing the satisfied look on his face, I was sure that he did.

Sandy came back in the room wearing just a silk robe. The belt was untied and it flowed open to show her amazing body one more time. "We'll have to do that again sometime." she gushed while staring straight at John. A smile came to his face as he said "I couldn't agree more. What's everyone doing tomorrow night?".