 This is the third installment of my first story series. I hope you guys like it and all the recommendations have been taken into account.

**********

Ralph woke up the next morning to find Emily gone with a note on the nightstand thanking him for last night.

Susan returned around noon to find Ralph in the kitchen cooking lunch for them. “Emily told me to thank you personally,” she said as she entered the house, “She wanted to thank you personally but found it too awkward, she didn’t want to sabotage our relationship.” Susan continued.

“No regrets there,” Ralph said as he kissed Susan on the lips gently caressing her as their kiss deepened.

Susan straddled herself against Ralph as he turned off the stove and carried her to the bedroom, breaking their kiss only to breathe.

Once inside the bedroom Susan removed her top and bra and got down on her knees. She pulled down Ralph’s shorts and his dick popped out hitting her softly on her cheeks. She started licking it slowly circling the tip with her tongue and caressing his balls at the same time until Ralph was painfully hard and gasping for release. Susan sensed he could not hold on any longer and increased her pace licking vigorously as Ralph came into her mouth, spurting rope after rope of his cum into her mouth which she swallows without wasting a single drop.

Ralph decided to return the favor and carried Susan to the bed laying her down, as he removed her jeans and panties. Ralph started by licking her cunt and went on nibble her lips and stick his tongue inside her. He increased his pace when he felt Susan was completely aroused and then started moving two fingers in her pussy as he kneaded her breasts with his other hand. He removed his fingers from her pussy and started licking and sucking it vigorously and soon Susan came so hard that h whole body spasmed and she dug her nails into his scalp. When the orgasm subsided she slumped into a heap as Ralph laid beside her and cuddled both of them to sleep.

********

The following days were filled with lovemaking for both Ralph and Susan and they spent most of their time locked inside the house making love, content with each other’s company. Their relationship also evolved and they fell in love with each other more deeply in the coming days. 

One day while Ralph was at his summer job at a construction firm he got a message from Susan saying she had canceled their dinner reservations and she had a surprise waiting for him at the house.

Ralph returned from work in high spirits that day despite having a hard and sweaty day at work, where he helped lay roofing for a house in the sweltering heat.

The moment he parked his car, he received a message from Susan telling him that the front door was open and he should shower and proceed to the master bedroom after that.

Excited as he was Ralph did as he was told. He knocked at the door of the master bedroom after exactly ten minutes and Susan came out at once, not a stitch of clothing on her body. 

Susan kissed Ralph and said, “Do you trust me?” she asked in a serious tone.

Taken aback by the question Ralph just nodded silently.

“Good!” Susan replied cheerfully and took a satin cloth which he hadn’t seen earlier in her hands and blindfolded Ralph before he could utter a word in protest.

She nudged Ralph, leading him into the master bedroom, where she made him sit on the bed with his back resting against the headboard.

Ralph just compiled to what she was doing, too shocked with what was happening.

“Just trust me and stay still,” Susan said in almost a whisper and the next thing he felt was her mouth around his dick as she licked it with enthusiasm.

As he got close to cumming, Susan suddenly stopped leaving him on the edge of ecstasy and proceeded to kiss him. 

Susan broke the kiss and again proceeded to give Ralph a blowjob.

But this time he felt it was different, it wasn’t like Susan he thought but still there was a familiarity in this blowjob he thought. Then a sudden realization hit him as he removed his blindfold and he saw Emily’s mouth bobbing up and down his dick and Susan sitting near the bedpost watching them both as she rubbed her pussy.

He was utterly shocked and speechless as he realized what was happening and he had unknowingly become part of a threesome. 

“We wanted to give you a surprise you’ll remember all your life,” Susan said and came forward to kiss him.

As Ralph’s shock subsided, he started regaining the arousal he had lost from the shock. The dual stimulation worked its magic and he was soon hard as a rock.

“Lie back down,” Susan said as she pushed him down on the bed.

“Me first,” Emily said joyfully and lowered herself on his erect manhood, gasping as she took him deeper inside her and Susan sat on his mouth expecting her dose of pleasure from his tongue.

Ralph was surprised that Emily was still exquisitely tight and he knew he would not last very long. He started licking Susan’s cunt and caressing her boobs as she slowly thrust herself into his mouth. At the same time, Emily started bobbing up and down his dick starting very slowly and then gaining momentum.

They stayed in this position for a while licking, thrusting and riding as they neared their climaxes.

Susan came first, letting her juices flow freely into Ralph’s mouth as he drank them eagerly making sure he didn’t waste a drop. She shrieked with pleasure and her whole body shook as she orgasmed hard.

The combined pleasure of drinking Susan’s juices and Emily’s riding took it’s a toll on Ralph as he groaned and squeezed Susan’s boobs as he came together with Emily who was violently shaking with ecstasy and pleasure as he drained his balls inside her.

Susan immediately got off Ralph and licked the juices leaking out of Emily’s pussy as Ralph’s dick deflated and slid out of her.

She licked the juices and kissed Emily as they both savored the unique but heavenly taste.

“Ready for round 2?” Emily asked Ralph Susan sucked his cock and she proceeded to do the same with his balls.

Ralph just smiled, “Life was great, what more could a man need?” he thought as he felt himself hardening again.