 The drive back to the hotel didn't take long, and I was showered and downstairs again by 10. I was sitting in a lecture, barely able to stay awake, and possibly nodding off. I came back to my senses when I had people enter the row I was in from either side. As I glanced up, I realized it was Victoria and Joshua. It seems they had both gone to my room to knock around 1030 pm last night, decided to have a drink together and pick each other's brains for the possibility of where I might be, and ended up spending the night together. They had the brilliant idea we should all three spend tonight together. So much for being incognito. But the smell of Victoria and that wicked grin of Joshua's soon convinced me to do so. They asked where I had been the night before, but I insisted I had slept through the knocking and had had my phone off the entire time. Whether they believed me, or even cared, it didn't matter, as we had plans for tonight. We decided 10 pm would be a good time to rendezvous at my room as we all knew where that was. 

As the afternoon lectures wrapped up, I planned to take a nap in anticipation of this evening's party plans. While signing out for the day, Raj caught my elbow and asked me if I'd join him for dinner. He explained he could stay on, but wasn't sure he would, and really wanted to have dinner with me tonight. I agreed to meet him at 7 in the lobby, figuring even if we had a long dinner, I'd be back to my room by 9 or 10. I went to my room to nap, but just couldn't unwind. I headed to the gym for a run on the treadmill, then back for a shower and primping before meeting Raj.

Raj was a fantastic dinner companion, even more charming than at lunch the day before. He had me giggling and blushing like a school girl. He was flattering, but sincere; attentive but not over bearing. When I realized it was 945, I feigned sleepiness. Raj insisted on walking me to my room. This could be a disaster. I figured if both Joshua and Victoria turned up at the same time, it would look like a miscommunication by a couple just happy to have connected. At the door, he kissed my cheek and then my hand, and asked if I were staying on tomorrow after the end of the conference. I told him I was checking out in the morning and heading back Saturday night. He asked if I would have dinner with him again tomorrow night as soon as the conference closed. I agreed as I wanted to avoid rush hour, and thought it would be a nice way to wrap up the week. We agreed to meet in the lobby as soon as the conference closed. He then kissed my cheek again, lingering there for just an extended moment. I let myself into my room at 955.

At 10 there was a knock at the door, and when I peeked through the peephole, there were Victoria and Joshua already in an embrace. I was starting to think this was not a good idea, and I was going to be the third wheel. I became pleasantly surprised to find out this was not the case. I let the two in, and apparently they had come prepared. Joshua had a magnum of champagne under his arm, and Victoria had a sack with all kinds of sex supplies. Apparently while I was at dinner, they had gone shopping at the local XXX store as well as the wine shop down the road. 

Joshua popped the cork of the champagne almost immediately, and Victoria produced some plastic flutes. Joshua filled and handed around the bubbly. He then pulled Victoria onto one knee, and me onto the other. He made a toast to doctors, conferences, and your alma mater. Victoria was giggling like mad, and kissing Joshua's neck and face. I toasted, but offered to let them have their own party. I was frankly tired and fucked out, and didn't want to play second fiddle. I didn't want to sound like a party pooper, but I wanted them to have a way out if they wanted. Instantly they both insisted we all stay together. 

Joshua said he hadn't had this much fun since med school, and he wanted us to all party together. He then told us an amusing story about a night during med school when he had fucked three different women, one after the other not as a group, and his roommate, Jake, had had to run interference between them so each didn't find out about the other. The story was hilarious, but even funnier since I got to hear about how you had to orchestrate something out of a Marx Brothers movie in order for each of the young ladies not to know about the other. Then the next day in lecture, Joshua had waltzed in, plopped down next to you, and kissed you in front of the entire class. The women, all classmates of yours, were horrified, and he didn't have to do any explaining to move on from them all. They interpreted your maneuverings as jealousy, and you didn't get lucky the rest of med school, at least not with any of your classmates. 

Victoria suggested we play strip poker. She bent over the bed, and pulled the covers right off. Up she climbed, out came a deck of cards, and she began shuffling. Joshua and I climbed on as well. Soon we were well into the game, and Victoria was down to just her earrings and bra; Joshua had his watch and belt on, but no pants; and I was wearing everything but my blouse. Who knew I was such a card shark? Victoria pouted that this wasn't fair, and wanted a way for me to be next to naked, too. She suggested I do a strip tease for them to even the playing field. I agreed.

I used to pole dance for fun, so I have some pretty good moves. I flipped on my MP3 player through the mini speakers to "Ball and a Biscuit." Somehow a White Stripes song seemed in order. This is a really long song, so it allowed me to really lay it on, with lots of teasing. I placed both Victoria and Joshua in straight back chairs. I tucked their hands under their thighs and explained, "You can't touch the dancers. If you do, you can be ejected from the club." They played along. 

I took this opportunity to strut between them, taking my time, and teasing them as much as possible. I straddled them back and forth, jumped into their laps, grinding against them, and crawling around on the floor using my best sensuous moves. Slowly, slowly, my clothes came off. First my skirt was unzipped at a pace that would freeze water. Then I slid it over my hips in what seemed like an hour. I bumped and ground and thrust and twisted along with that anthem to sex like I was really earning my living. Joshua reached into his wallet, waved a $50 bill under my nose, and asked what he could get for that. I promised him a hand job. He asked what a blow job cost. I told him $100. He pulled out a couple more bills. He asked how much to fuck me. I asked if he didn't want to sample the merchandise before he bought the whole thing. He told me I was a pretty good bet, and asked how much to fuck me. I told him $350 for my pussy, $500 for my ass. He rummaged in his wallet and produced $700. I told him that wasn't enough for both, he could fuck my pussy twice for that money, or just my ass. He turned to Victoria and asked what she had in her purse.

Surprisingly, Victoria dug out her wallet and produced $150 which she tucked into my stocking. I had danced my way out of everything but my stockings and shoes by this point. Joshua grinned like a Cheshire cat. 

I sauntered over to Joshua, tucked his hands under his thighs, and unzipped his pants. I reached in and took hold of that beautiful cock, and began to stroke it like I had been paid. Joshua was moaning and leaning toward me, trying to bite or kiss me. I was arched so that my breasts hung in his face, but not close enough to get my nipples into his mouth. Joshua was hard as concrete. I could feel him jerking and twisting, and pretty soon the precum was oozing out the tip of his cock. Joshua told me he wanted his blow job now, and I obediently dropped to my knees and plunged his cock into my throat. I don't know what possessed me, and it may have been the entire scene, but Joshua exploded into my mouth in just three strokes. He started to cuss and complain, telling me it was too quick, and he didn't get his money's worth. I reminded him he most certainly did, that quality is not the same as quantity. He had to agree then.

Victoria had sat watching the show, stroking and pinching her nipples, and then fingering herself. She seemed to be enjoying herself, and maybe even climaxing. Joshua asked what I was going to do with Victoria. I said it depended on what she paid for. Victoria reached into her wallet, but only had $100 left. She asked what she could get for that. I told her whatever she wanted, that I charged less for women as I enjoyed it more. 

I strutted over, and straddled Victoria, kissing her passionately. I started to stroke her breasts, pinching the nipples. She began to writhe a little, pushing her breasts even more fully into my hands. I climbed up out of her lap, took her by the hand, and led her back to the bed. I pushed her back roughly, then pried her legs open. I made sure Joshua had a good view. I eased my way toward her, and began kissing her again. Slowly, I kissed my way down her tight little body. I kissed those full breasts, sucking on each nipple until I thought it might burst. And even more slowly I kissed my way down her belly, until I got to her pussy. I was up on my knees, ass in the air, fully exposed to Joshua, and I just dug into that sweet cunt. I was lapping at her like a cat at milk when I felt Joshua behind me. He took hold of my hips and placed his cock head against my pussy lips. He said, "I'm going to take what I paid for," and plunged in. I groaned, and that groan muffled through her pussy lips. Victoria started squirming and pushing against my face. I could feel her legs tighten around my neck. She arched her back and ground her cunt down onto my mouth and nose. Then she started cumming, and I could taste that sweet honey pouring into my mouth. 

This made me start to cum, and I could feel my twat just squeeze Joshua's prick. He was fucking me as fast and hard as he could, and he started exploding as well, shooting his salty spunk into my tight hole. I collapsed onto Victoria who was now kind of flung back on the bed, and Joshua collapsed onto me. We ended up in a tangle on the bed; covers every which way; legs tangled up; arms reaching around; and generally a twisted up mess. Victoria started giggling again, and I joined in, and soon Joshua was laughing with us as well. 

After a few minutes, Joshua said he wanted to see Victoria eat my pussy as well. I said he hadn't paid for that, but Victoria said she wanted to, and that she wanted to taste Joshua too. She rolled onto her back, and I straddled her face. I leaned forward into a 69, eating her again as well, my ass up in the air. Victoria was lapping Joshua's cum right out of me, commenting on the sweet and salty combination this made. I was licking her, but only half heartedly as I was myself grinding down on her face, letting her tongue plunge deep into me, rubbing my asshole against her nose. 

After a minute, I felt hands on my hips, and there was Joshua's familiar cock, this time pushing against my asshole where Victoria's nose had just been. Victoria just kept licking my cunt as Joshua started to take me. He held onto me as I bucked on her face, and let that be the way he penetrated me. I was getting the fucking of my life. I love to have my pussy eaten with a finger in my cunt or ass, but this was even better: a mouth making out with my cunt while I took a firm dick up the ass. Life is sweet. 

After Sean's telephone pole, Joshua felt like a finger, and I didn't need any more lube than the juices already on his cock and dripping from my cunt. He loved this. He claimed he had never dry fucked a woman's ass, and it was even more friction and sensation than he had hoped for. Down I ground, and back I pushed, getting the best of both worlds. I was fingering Victoria furiously now, trying to match my strokes to the ones I was getting. She was squirming happily, her cunt walls crushing down on my fingers as she came again. Joshua pulled out just as he was about to cum, shooting jism all over my ass and Victoria's hair. I would have taken that up my tight hole, but she seemed happy to get to share in it this way. Again the giggling started, and we ended up in a tangle on the bed again. 

I'm not sure what happened next, but no more money exchanged hands. Eventually we all dozed off, Victoria curled softly against me, and I curled against Joshua. The wake-up call woke us at 8, and we all sleepily roused ourselves. We agreed we should do this again sometime. I offered to host them both as they often had business in our fair city. Who knows, it might be fun to have drinks with them in the bar across from your apartment just for a kick. Imagine your surprise to see us together. As I found with you, it is very hard to teach an old dog new tricks, and your tricks and habits don't change. We all sat together the rest of the day at the conference, paying little attention, and texting each other like high school-ers. We planned to meet up in a month or so and spend the weekend at my place.