 When I got home from work on that Friday, Sue told me that Linda called her that morning to go shopping at the mall. Of course, being Sue's favorite pastime she said yes. As they were driving to the mall, Linda told her that she had told Paul the night before about the three of us fooling around on Saturday night. Linda was pretty sure that Paul wouldn't get pissed off at us, and she was right. He got pretty excited and made her describe every little detail of the evening. Sue said that she was relieved also when Linda told her that Paul was okay with it. 

When Linda was finished describing everything, she said that Paul confessed to her about what had happened between the three of us that night that they had their fight. Linda then made Paul tell her all of the details of what happened before she interrupted us. They were so hot when she finished they ended up ripping their clothes off and fucking several times that night thinking about each other's experiences. Before they fell asleep that night they talked about whether or not they would agree to swing with us at some point in time.

As it turned out, they both enthusiastically agreed that they wanted to. So to make a long story short, even before talking to Sue and I about it, Linda said that she would invite us to come over the next day for a barbecue and "play-time". Sue immediately told her "yes" knowing what my answer would be. She knew that I was anxious to fuck Linda again and said that she was looking forward to finally fucking Paul. They laughed about Linda interrupting us that night. She had no idea that anything was going on. Linda said to come over around 5:00PM, and Sue said that we'd be there. 

The next day, as we were getting ready to go to their house, Sue told me that she really enjoyed the limited fooling around that took place between her and Linda. She said that, while Linda and her never really talked about it afterwards, she sensed that Linda really enjoyed it too. What she said surprised me because in the past in our swinging relationships she never took part in any female-female activities. Sue said that she thought that Linda was really sexy and it was different because they were such close friends and could be honest with each other.

I didn't think anything more of the conversation and we proceeded to take a shower together taking care to wash each other's special areas, but not wanting to waste a cum before we got together in a little while. After drying off, I went into the bedroom and lay down on the bed to watch Sue drying her hair and putting her make-up on. I thought to myself how lucky I was having such a foxy and loving wife. When she finished she went over and got her clothes out and started to put them on. Now I was really surprised. Sue had bought a sinful black silk spaghetti strap top at the mall the day before that showed plenty of cleavage and barely covered the bottom of her tits. She then put on a pair of black elastic waist gym shorts both with no underwear underneath. 

She sensed my stare and said, "Why bother with underwear, nothing is going to stay on long anyway." 

I put on a pair of gym shorts and a T-shirt, also with no underwear, agreeing with her logic. It was almost 5:00PM when Linda called us saying that Paul had just left to drop their daughter off at her sister's and to come over now if we wanted. We were so excited we jumped in the car and sped to their house, which was about a half mile away, in record time. 

When Linda answered the door I got another pleasant surprise. She also bought the same outfit as Sue did the day before and she looked incredibly sexy in it also. I could feel my cock getting hard just standing there looking at the two of them. Linda said that Paul would be back in about fifteen minutes and with that, walked up to me, pulled me toward her and shoved her tongue down my throat. She was already breathing hard as I grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled her close, grinding my rapidly rising cock against her cunt. 

Not wanting to be left out of the fun, I saw Sue walk over behind Linda, leaning her head on her shoulder, and she started to kiss her neck. Not long afterwards, I could feel Sue's hands against my chest as she worked them under Linda's top and started to play with Linda's tits. Linda immediately started to moan enjoying the sensations of Sue's hands on her sensitive nipples as she pulled and twisted them. I took the liberty of moving one of my hands from Linda's ass and worked it down the front of her shorts until I found her soaking wet cunt. She also was not wearing any underwear. I guess we all had the same thought that it was unnecessary. Linda had reached one of her hands down the front of my shorts and started to play with my now fully hard cock, and Sue had lifted Linda's top up exposing her firm tits which she was rubbing up against my chest as Sue continued to maul them. 

I broke away from our kiss saying, "Shouldn't we wait for the host to come back?" 

Linda said that Paul encouraged her to start without him as he wasn't sure how he would feel about watching me fuck his wife and thought it would be easier if we had already started to fool around. I wasn't sure that it made much sense, but as excited as I was, I wasn't about to argue with her. The three of us went down the stairs into their family room and sat down on the same L-shaped couch that we had fooled around on the week before. 

I leaned over to Sue and pulled her top over her head exposing her beautiful tits. She was obviously excited as her nipples were hard as a rock sticking out about an inch from her chest. I reached over on the other side of me and did the same to Linda and saw that her nipples looked to be the duplicate of Sue's. Linda laid back on the couch and I reached over and slid her shorts off exposing her bald cunt. I could see the wetness dripping from it and on her thighs already. I did the same thing to Sue. Now they were both naked as the day they were born. Then they both sat up and pulled my shirt off, and I stood up facing them and they slowly slid my shorts down with my cock finally flopping free. 

As I stood there they started taking turns taking just the head of my cock into their mouths and tonguing the sensitive underside of it. I knew that I wouldn't last long with them sucking me, so I stepped back removing it and laid Linda back on the couch. I kneeled over her, burying my face in her steamy hot cunt as she took my cock back in her mouth sucking more and more of it in. Linda's cunt really tasted sweet, and boy could she sure suck a dick. Sue got off the couch and kneeled on the floor, then reached over and started to play with Linda's tits again with one hand as she was jamming two fingers from her other hand up her soaking wet cunt. Just then, Paul came home and called out asking where we were. 

Sue told him we were down in the family room and to, "Come on down." 

I saw a look of excitement on his face as he entered the room, saying, "Wow, you really did start without me!" 

He stood there for a minute or two taking in the scene before him, and I could see a tent starting to form in his shorts watching his wife and I 69ing and a naked Sue playing with Linda's tits and ramming her fingers up her cunt. It wasn't long before Paul started walking over toward us taking his shirt off on the way. I saw Sue stand up and greet him by pressing her naked body up against him and giving him a welcome kiss. Not long afterwards, Sue knelt down in front of him and slowly pulled his shorts off. As his cock was exposed I heard a gasp from Sue and I immediately saw why. Paul wasn't even fully hard yet but his cock was immense, not so much the length (it was about 7-8 inches) but its girth was really big. It was the first cock that I had seen that was thicker than mine. Linda said afterwards that she measured it to be between 5 and 6 inches around. 

Upon seeing it, I felt stupid that on Saturday I was worried about hurting Linda with my cock. I was worried that it might really hurt Sue when he fucked her. Obviously, Sue had other ideas as she started sucking on the head of his prick. Sue was a great cocksucker and I knew that Paul would really enjoy this treatment. I could see Sue's cheeks bulging as Paul fed his monster cock between her lips. In the meantime, Linda and I both were getting very turned on watching the show before us. 

I scooted around, lifted Linda's legs up on my shoulders, and started to tease her cuntlips and clit with my almost bursting cock. I was close to cumming and I could sense that Linda was also so, without further adieu, I rammed my cock up into her cunt and started to pound away as fast as I could. Linda was bucking up at me all over the couch, begging me to keep it up as she was almost there. In less than a minute we both had an incredible orgasm that seemed to last forever. Even though their house was air-conditioned we were both soaked with sweat from our efforts. I pulled my softening cock out of her and lay down beside her on the couch. As we looked over toward Paul and Sue we could see that they were just about to do some fucking themselves. Sue was on her hands and knees and, since they were parallel to us, we could clearly see as Paul started to push his monster cock into Sue's cunt from behind. Doggy-style was Sue's favorite position and with the size of Paul's cock I hoped that she would enjoy it as much as I did fucking Linda. Linda and I were definitely enjoying the view and anticipating what was to take place.

Linda whispered to me, "She is really going to like fucking Paul. He is an expert at it and can last forever without cumming. His thick dick really stimulates my G-spot!" 

As Paul slowly eased his cock into her, Sue tilted her head slightly toward us and I could see her lips form a "O" as I could see that Paul had inserted just the head of his cock into her. He reached over her back and grabbed her tits as he slowly eased more and more of it in her. Sue was moaning that it felt like he was ripping her insides up as, after a minute or so, he was buried to the hilt. They both remained motionless for a couple of minutes as Sue later said she became comfortable with her cunt accommodating his immense girth. He then started to fuck her slowly, still holding onto Sue's sensitive tits for leverage, and then gradually increased the speed until he really started to pound her as fast as he could. Sue went down on her elbows and Paul moved his hands to her hips to get better leverage. Sue's tits were flopping back and forth as he continued to hammer her pussy. After a few minutes of that Sue got off of her elbows and moved her hands up over her head flat against the pile carpet. Paul really went into high gear now as his pounding was actually moving Sue's body slowly forward with each stroke that he took. Very quickly Sue yelled out that she was cumming and Paul chimed in that he was close too. When Sue came it was so violent that it appeared that she was bending in two at the waist and screaming that it felt so good. Paul threw his head back as he came at the same time, shooting his load into the very depths of Sue's cunt. They both seemed to cum forever. As Paul pulled his cock out of her cunt it made a popping sound as her cunt let go of his huge cock. They both lay back on the carpet exhausted and dripping with sweat. As I continue you'll find out that this was only the start of the evening. 

The four of us rested for a few minutes and Linda asked us if we were hungry yet. I immediately said yes, and Paul and Sue also agreed. Linda said that we didn't have to get dressed as she decided to cook the steaks in the oven broiler instead of outside, so we all followed her up the stairs into the kitchen. Paul sat down on one of the chairs and guided Sue to sit down on his lap with her back to him. He immediately reached around her and began to caress up and down the front of her body, taking care to especially fondle her tits and cunt. I started to help Linda get the food out and opened a bottle of wine for us.

This being done, I sat down opposite Paul and Sue watching their playing around. I was half wondering as Paul got more excited, if his cock, when it got hard, would be strong enough to lift Sue's body by itself. Just a fleeting thought that I knew wasn't possible. 

Paul took his hand away from playing with Sue's cunt and I couldn't help but notice that it was gaping wide open from the stretching that Paul's cock had done to it. I could also see some of Paul's cum dripping out of her hole. I couldn't resist the temptation, so I went over to them kneeling down and pushed my tongue up Sue's wide-open hole. It was easy to get my tongue a few inches up her cunt and I could taste Paul's salty cum still inside her. I gave her clit a few flicks with my tongue and got up to sit back down in my chair. I also noticed that Sue's tits, knees, and the backside of her arms all looked to have some serious carpet burns. It was easy to see the red lines caused by her rubbing along the carpet against her pale white skin. She told me when we got home that night that when Paul was pounding her pussy, pushing her along the carpet, the minor pain she experienced from her nipples dragging on the carpet greatly increased the pleasure of her climax. I made a note to remember that for future reference. 

We ate and drank a few glasses of wine, not feeling a bit inhibited from being naked around each other and talked a little about how exciting it was to enjoy another sex partner. We cleaned up and Paul and Linda suggested that we continue our fun in their bed rather than going back downstairs. As we all laid down on their king size bed, Linda asked me if I would be willing to help satisfy a long time fantasy of hers to take a cock in her ass and cunt at the same time. I think she knew that this would be a no-brainer answer on my part, but I eagerly agreed to help her make her fantasy come true. She asked if I would be willing to be the ass man as Paul's cock was uncomfortable up her ass. Since ass-fucking is one of my favorites I wholeheartedly agreed, remembering the pleasure I had reaming her tight asshole the week before. 

With that, Linda knelt down over Paul, guiding his already hard cock into her sweet cunt. Being used to his size, she immediately sat down on it, burying it with one stroke inside her pussy. In the meantime, Sue was sucking my cock, quickly bringing it to a full erection. I went over and knelt behind her, preparing to penetrate her pink rosebud. Before I could get in her, Linda asked Sue to put some K-Y jelly on my cock and her asshole. Sue grabbed the tube from the dresser and, with some in each hand, rubbed it on both of us at the same time. I then started to insert it in her. It went in much easier than the last time with the lubricant. After I got the head in, I rammed the rest of it in with one stroke. Linda cried out with what I thought was pain, but she quickly said it was from the sheer pleasure of being reamed by two big cocks at the same time. She was much tighter than the last time, probably because of Paul's cock in her cunt at the same time. 

As I started to stroke my cock in and out, I swear I could feel the head of Paul's cock rubbing against mine as he also started to fuck her. In the meantime, not wanting to be left out, Sue scooted over and knelt down pushing her cunt down on Paul's mouth and, as I looked to the side of Linda, I could see him tonguing her cunt and clit as she played with her own tits, pulling on her sensitive nipples. Paul and I picked up our fucking pace and Linda was absolutely beside herself with pleasure saying that this was the best fucking she ever had. We got into a perfect rhythm withdrawing and inserting our cocks into her at the same time. We must have continued for a good fifteen minutes like this with Linda having many mini-orgasms and Sue the same from Paul's tongue. With how tight she was, I couldn't last any longer and announced I was cumming, shoving it as hard as I could up her ass and emptying a big load in her. Shortly afterwards Paul said that he was cumming and, just before he did, Linda exploded into a monster cum and then Paul emptied his load deep in her cunt. This in turn caused Sue to cum again on Paul's tongue sitting right on his face and rubbing her cunt juices all over it.

After we rested for a few minutes, we decided to go back into the kitchen and have another glass of wine. We sat around the kitchen table talking for another half-hour. Just sitting around with three other naked people was definitely getting me hot again. I asked if anyone was ready to go back into the bedroom for round three. Everyone stood up and we went back in their room. Sue piped up as we got back on the bed that she wanted the same treatment that Linda just got. This really floored me. Sue was not a big fan of anal sex. We had only done it a few times in our twelve years of marriage saying that it was too uncomfortable for her. The last time we did it was probably five years before. To top it off, she said that she wanted Paul's horse cock to plug her almost virgin asshole and me to fuck her cunt. I wasn't about to argue with her, but I didn't believe that she would be able to handle Paul's cock in her ass as she had trouble with my somewhat smaller one.

I laid back on the bed getting excited about what was going to happen as Linda slowly stroked and sucked on the head of my dick. Sue was sucking Paul, also getting him ready. I was quickly hard from Linda's talented cocksucking technique and Paul was not far behind. I laid on my back and Sue kneeled over me and I guided my cock into her soaking wet pussy. It was still pretty open from the reaming she received earlier in the evening. I slid into her cunt with much more ease than normal. In the meantime, I could see Paul applying liberal amounts of K-Y jelly to his now fully erect cock and spreading it onto Sue's backside. I could see him kneel behind Sue as he prepared to enter her puckered asshole. Sue grunted loudly, obviously from the insertion of his cockhead. 

I slowly started to fuck Sue and I felt that she had gotten tighter from both of our cocks invading both of her holes. Linda, similar to what Sue did before, knelt down over my head, dropping her very wet cunt onto my mouth. I was really enjoying this, with me eating one sweet cunt while I was fucking another one. Sue told me later as I couldn't see it happening because of Linda's ass blocking my view, but Linda reached out and grabbed Sue's tits and started to kiss her as she lowered herself down onto my face. Sue also told me that Paul was very gentle fucking her ass. She said that, after the initial pain when he pushed the head in, he really took his time inserting it an inch or so at a time letting her get used to it. 

I could hear Sue continuously moaning as he penetrated her and I could feel him slowly sawing in and out of her as I was doing the same to her cunt. It felt like our two cocks were rubbing against each other with nothing in between them. I could feel myself getting closer and closer to an orgasm and we both began to fuck her faster and faster. Within a minute or two, all three of us experienced massive orgasms. It was all I could do to keep my cock in her as she thrashed around the bed cumming for a good two or three minutes. When she finished, she rolled off of me and Paul pulled out of her ass. 

Linda grabbed Sue's head and put it onto her cunt as she hadn't cum yet. I could see Sue's tongue flicking Linda's clit, bringing her closer and closer to cumming. Linda turned Sue around getting them in a 69 position and I could see Linda licking our cum from Sue's cunt and asshole. What a hot scene! This went on for about ten minutes, ending when both of them came again rubbing their juices all over each other's face. 
