 On this particular Saturday, Paul and Linda invited us to come over around 3:00. We'd barbecue early before starting our evening's fun. Sue was really excited about our getting together with them again and spent about two hours in the bathroom wanting to look just perfect. She came out wearing a new outfit she bought that week. She had on a black top that was so small it barely covered her nipples and was very loose fitting, and loose fitting white shorts. I knew as soon as she bent over a little that her tits would be exposed. She and Linda had been dressing a lot sexier which Paul and I had not failed to notice. 

We got to their house and Linda answered the door in the identical outfit. Linda kissed each of us deeply, rubbing my cock and then Sue's cunt as she did. She said that Paul was out on the deck cooking the chicken. We went upstairs and out onto their huge deck. Paul walked up to Sue and kissed her, shoving his tongue down her throat. As they kissed I could see Paul with one hand massaging Sue's tits and the other rubbing her cunt through her shorts while Sue did the same to Paul; almost immediately causing a big tent in the front of his shorts. Paul stepped back to the grill saying that the food was almost ready. He told us later that he started cooking about a half-hour before we came knowing that we would be anxious to do other more interesting things. Linda, Sue and I brought the rest of the food out of the kitchen and we sat down at their picnic table to eat. We ate quickly, cleaned up the dishes, and Linda served coffee and cake. As we talked over dessert, Paul started the fun by lifting Sue's top up and smearing her tits with whipped cream from the cake. He then took his time sucking it off her sensitive tits. 

Linda said to me, "That looks like fun," and whipped her top off exposing her firm tits.

I grabbed a handful of the cake and smeared it on her tits and started to suck her nipples hard. Just to remind you that we were outside. Their deck had a 6-foot high privacy fence on one side and the ther two sides backed onto a heavily wooded area. Paul had told me that he and Linda loved to sit out on the deck in the nude. Neither Sue nor I had ever done it outside before, and I think we were looking forward to this being the first time. 

In the meantime, I saw Paul lift Sue's top off and they stood up walking over to one of the lounge chairs. They started kissing again and Paul lowered Sue's shorts and panties down kissing his way down the front of her body. He knelt down and buried his tongue in her sweet-tasting cunt. Sue spread her legs to give him more access to her very wet pussy and he ran his hands up and down her beautiful legs and tight ass. Linda, who was sitting next to me, was playing with her tits as she rubbed my rapidly rising cock as we watched our spouses. She took my hand and walked over to another lounge chair. I laid her down and reached down to take her shorts and panties off. I took off my shirt and shorts and moved in between her great-looking legs and started to lick her sweet cunt. I was hot to fuck her so, within a short minute or two, I replaced my tongue with my rock-hard cock. Watching Paul and Sue had made me very anxious to cum, and I immediately began to ram it into her as fast as I could. But for some reason I couldn't cum right away. We must have fucked for almost 20 minutes with Linda cumming many times before I finally shot my load deep in her cunt. Paul and Sue were also still going at it after I came. Paul was sawing his huge thick cock into her from behind. Sue was moaning loudly as he continued his reaming of her cunt. I could see him convulse as he and Sue orgasmed at the same time. He must have shot a huge load as it dripped down the sides of her legs. At that point, we went inside and took a shower and a break knowing that there was a lot more fucking to come that night. 

All of us were still pretty sticky from the strawberry filling and whipped cream from the cake we had smeared all over ourselves outside. Paul said that Linda and I could go into the shower first while he and Sue waited until we finished. Linda and I jumped into the shower and proceeded to help each other get the mess off while Sue sat on Paul's lap on the toilet seat waiting for us to finish. I've never been a big fan of doing it in the shower and Linda said she wasn't either, so we washed quickly and stepped out of the shower and dried each other off. Paul had one of his hands mauling Sue's tits and the other one playing with her wet sticky cunt. They got up and went into the shower and Linda and I walked into their bedroom. 

They have a king size poster bed which two people kind of get lost in. I laid down on my back and pulled Linda on top with her kneeling the opposite way. I pulled her ass down and proceeded to start lapping her sweet juices from her cunt as she deep-throated my rapidly hardening cock. Linda sure could suck a cock, and I guess I was doing OK as it wasn't long before she was moaning while I rubbed her slick slit back and forth on my tongue. I reached down and started to maul her tits, pulling the nipples away from her chest and twisting them at the same time. She really loved getting her tits abused, and I loved abusing them. 

After a few minutes of this pleasure Linda turned around and impaled herself on my now rock-hard member. As she rammed herself up and down on me, I continued to pull and twist on her sensitive nipples. It wasn't long before both of us announced that we were about to cum and I plowed into her; going up as she was coming down. I could feel my orgasm starting so I twisted her nipples as hard as I could, taking her over the edge at the same time. I felt like I was cumming forever, shooting my second load of the night deep inside her, and I could feel her cunt milking the load out of me completely as she came over and over again. 

She rolled off of me and I opened my eyes to see Paul and Sue watching us from the doorway. For a moment I thought that they were going to give us a round of applause but they just walked over and laid down on the other side of Linda on the bed. Sue was smiling so I figured they fooled around in the shower. She told me later that Paul had fucked her ass with his massive cock as she leaned over on the shower wall and he pounded her savagely. She said it didn't hurt nearly as much as the last time; in fact she was starting to enjoy anal sex more and more.

Being the good hostess, Linda asked if we wanted some wine and light snacks and we all replied yes so we went into the kitchen. Linda got out some cheese and crackers and poured some wine for all of us. We ate, drank, and talked for about an hour. We almost finished our second bottle of wine when Paul announced that he was horny again and asked Sue if she was ready for some more fun. With that, we all went back into their bedroom. I suggested that the two women take care of Paul's condition while I sat back and watched they readily agreed. 

Paul was on his back and he pulled Sue and Linda over to take turns sucking on his big cock. As they alternated sucking him back to attention they were also busy playing with each other's tits and cunts. It didn't take long for Sue to straddle Paul and lower herself down, taking his enormous cock into her twat once again. Meanwhile, Linda took a position over his face and lowered herself onto his tongue. Since Sue and Linda were kneeling facing each other, it was easy for them to lean over and kiss as they pulled on each other's sensitive nipples. Paul and Sue were really ramming into each other hard, Linda was rubbing her cunt all over Paul's face and, with them playing with their tits, it wasn't long before all three of them came. Paul shot another big load. I could see it oozing out of Sue's cunt as he withdrew his big cock from her. 

Watching this had gotten me very hard and I moved over behind Linda and eased my stiff cock into her very tight ass from behind. I reached around her, grabbing her tits for support, and buried it to the hilt. I started to pound her ass as hard as I could, pulling on her big nipples at the same time. It didn't take long for me to shoot my load deep in her bowels while pinching her nipples as hard as I could; which caused her to cum again and again for about 4 or 5 minutes. She finally couldn't take it anymore claiming it was too sensitive and pulled my cock out of her. By this time, Paul and I looked at each other and said that we were fucked out for a while. 

Linda turned on the bedroom TV and got all of us some more wine as we continued to lay on the bed. We watched TV for a while and I thought all of us were pretty sleepy, but after an hour or so I looked over and saw that Sue and Linda were locked in a deep embrace kissing and rubbing their hands all over each other's body. It didn't take long before Sue moved up on her hands and knees, lowering her face into Linda's cunt, and started to tongue her sweet shaved slit. She lowered herself onto Linda's face and I could see Linda's tongue giving Sue's slit the same treatment. They were both moaning loudly saying how good it felt. Paul, in the meantime, was lazily stroking his big cock and so was I as we watched the two of them in action.

After a few minutes he moved over behind Sue and eased his huge cock into her asshole. As he slowly moved it into her, Sue lifted her head off of Linda's cunt as she got used to his huge organ stretching her insides. It didn't take long until he had it buried in her. It still amazed me that she could take this huge thing in her but she obviously really enjoyed the size of it. Sue went back to eating Linda's cunt as Paul started to fuck her ass hard. I moved over on my knees to their side and started to jack off watching this hot scene. It didn't take long for all of us to cum again. I shot my load onto Sue's back and neck, and Paul shot another load into Sue's ass, and the two women came over and over again on each other's tongue.

At that point, we were all fucked out and fell asleep with the four of us entwined together. I was awakened the next morning by the great feeling of Linda's mouth sucking my cock to attention again. As I looked over, Sue was in the process of doing the same thing to Paul's cock. We each got into the 69 position and ate each other to another great orgasm. What a way to start the morning!!! Well, that ended up being the end of our weekend fun.