 Anyway, on to an interesting experience that happened on a Sunday night a few weeks after our last fuck session together. About 9:00pm that night, Linda called Sue and asked if she wanted to come over and see some pictures from a wedding that we had gone to a few weeks before. Sue said, "Sure," and yelled down to me that she was going over to Linda's for an hour or so. I was watching a football game at the time and really didn't feel like moving so I didn't go with her; not that she asked. About a half-hour went by and I went up to get a drink and noticed that Sue had forgot to return their garage door opener (we had watched their house while they were on vacation), so I thought I'd be a nice guy and drop it off to them.

I parked my car in the driveway and went around to the back of their house as they are normally in their family room watching TV and was about to knock on the glass slider off their deck when I looked in and got a big surprise. The drapes were partially open and, as I looked to see if they were down there, I saw Sue and Linda sitting on the couch facing each other kissing. Both of them had lifted their tops up around their necks and were also rubbing their tits up against each other. I was in shock at first, but then slunk back away from the door so that I wouldn't be seen. I watched as they broke their kiss and Sue reached over to take Linda's pajama top off, and Linda did the same to Sue's top. They returned to kissing each other again and their hands were busy playing with each other's tits. It didn't take long for one of their hands to dip under the front of each other's shorts obviously to finger each other's cunt. Then, in turn, they each laid back and removed their shorts and panties. 

By this time I had my cock out stroking it as I watched this hot scene. As I told you, their deck area was real private so I wasn't worried about someone seeing me. Sue turned around kneeling over Linda's face, lowered herself onto her waiting tongue and, at the same time, buried her tongue in Linda's cunt. I was getting hotter and hotter and at the same time they obviously had their orgasms, I shot my load on the deck. Maybe I was stupid not joining them but I really was fixated to the whole strange scene. This was the first time I was aware that they fooled around without Paul or I being there. At that point I stuffed my dick back in my shorts and went home. 

Sue came home about an hour later and told me what happened. They looked at the pictures of the wedding; Paul and their daughter had already gone to sleep. When they finished with them it was like they both had the same idea and started to kiss each other. One thing led to another and they were at the point when I arrived very quickly. I told Sue I had watched them going at it and had left after their orgasm and had shot mine. She was alarmed at first that I'd be mad but I told her I wasn't and that I really enjoyed being a voyeur. Sue told me that after I left, they got out one of Linda's vibrators and proceeded to fuck each other's cunt and ass several more times. By this time I was hard again and we ended up having a great fuck session. 

The following Saturday night was my birthday, and early in the week Sue told me that she was planning something special for that evening. I knew it was probably something sexual, and she said in preparation we weren't going to fuck for the rest of the week. Little did I know at the time just how special it was going to be. Well, Saturday finally came and by then we were having trouble keeping our hands off each other. She said that we were going out. 

Sue was dressed in her usual sexy clothing and I had a definite feeling that "out" meant going over to Paul and Linda's. She kept me in suspense but, as we left our driveway and started to drive away, we headed straight for their house. When we got there and rang the doorbell Linda called up to us to come in. We went inside and Sue grabbed my arm, pulled out a cloth from her purse, and proceeded to blindfold me. She then led me down the stairs to their family room, led me to the center of the room, and told me to just stand there and wait for the start of the special birthday surprise. I couldn't see a thing, but could hear the rustling of clothes being removed.

After a minute or so, I felt someone's hands removing my blindfold. It was Sue and I was able to see Linda again standing about 2 feet in front of me naked except for a big red bow tied around her waist. Sue was now also naked with an identical bow, and I looked over to see Paul lying down on the couch also naked with his cock slowly rising as he observed Sue and Linda in their naked glory standing there.

Sue and Linda came walking over to me and started to remove my shirt and pants. When they had stripped me, they started to rub their tits all over my body as they alternated sucking on my nipples and slowly stroking my rapidly hardening cock. Then they started alternating turns sucking my now rigid pole and kissing me. I then saw Paul get up from the couch and go over to start a video in the tape player. I was facing the TV and, as the tape started, I got another big surprise. On the TV came the scene of Sue and Linda together on the couch making out. It was the scene that I had observed that last Sunday night. It had been all planned that they were going to tape their activities and give it to me as a present for my birthday. What a birthday present that was!! 

Now they both got on their knees taking turns sucking my cock down their throats. They were both talented cocksuckers. I really couldn't decide which one of them was better at it but then I really didn't care. I was really concentrating on not cumming right away, but their expert technique had me close in a very short time. On the video, by this time, was the part when they brought each other off and I was cumming on their deck and, as I watched, I could feel the cum rising up and announced that I was cumming. Sue removed my cock from her mouth and they both grabbed it with their hands and started to jerk me off. The first shot hit Linda right on her nose and, as I continued to cum, they turned it toward Sue and I shot the rest of my cream all over her face. I nearly collapsed from the intensity of my climax and laid down on the carpet. Linda was kissing Sue and lapping up my cum from Sue's face. I could see their tongues swapping my spunk and swallowing it. 

I was wiped out and just laid there and watched as the two of them finished cleaning my cum from their faces and sharing it with each other. They was obviously hot to trot and started to play with each other's tits, pulling on their sensitive nipples. After a minute or so of that, Linda guided Sue down onto her back and proceeded to straddle over her, burying her face in Sue's very wet cunt and, at the same time, lowered her dripping wet cunt onto Sue's eagerly waiting tongue. They both inserted two fingers into the other's asshole and started to work them in and out as they tongued each other's clit. It didn't take long for the both of them to explode into violent orgasms shuddering and shaking and rubbing their cunts into each other's mouth. Both of their faces were soaking wet with their juices, and I moved over beside Sue and started to lap up Linda's wetness from her face. At that time, Paul got up and kneeled down behind his wife who was still on her knees and, in one thrust, savagely entered her wet, sticky cunt. He obviously couldn't wait any longer and started pounding her cunt rapidly, driving her forward along the carpet with each powerful thrust. Linda was grunting and groaning as he rammed into her and, after about a minute, he announced that he was cumming. As he did I could actually see him lift her off the carpet just with his cock as he shot his load deep into her cunt. That triggered Linda's second violent orgasm and I could see her stomach muscles contract as she came, milking Paul's spunk from his cock. 

Watching them had me hard again and I guided Sue up onto her knees and buried my cock in her cunt from behind in one thrust. I began to pound her, like Paul just did to Linda, also driving her across the carpet. It didn't take but a minute or two for me to shoot my second load into Sue's cunt as she also came again milking my last drop from my cock. We were now all wiped out and just laid there on their carpet for about fifteen minutes trying to recuperate. At that point we got up and went up to their kitchen for some wine and snacks. We sat around talking for about an hour about our favorite subject sex. 

By that time, after talking about it, we were ready for more, so we retired into their bedroom for more action. I asked if Linda would grant me a birthday wish, being double penetrated, but with me in her cunt this time. From a previous story I had mentioned that Linda rarely allowed Paul to fuck her ass as his size made it very painful for her. Well, just for me, she consented to trying it as long as she was well greased and Paul took it easy on her. With that agreed, to warm Linda up, I buried my face in her went cunt, tonguing her clit as Paul and Sue sucked on her nipples. Paul played with Sue's tits at the same time. 

Paul then got the K-Y out and liberally applied it to his now hard again cock. I laid down on my back and Linda guided my prick into her very wet cunt. She laid down on my chest and we started to kiss. Paul applied more K-Y to her asshole and slowly started to ease his thick cock into it. Linda was really groaning as he slowly shoved it into her ass. It was obvious that she was really getting stretched. I could feel Paul's cock enter her through the thin wall separating her cunt from her ass. It took about 5 minutes, but Paul finally got his cock all the way up her ass. When he did, we both started to slowly move our cocks into her at the same time. Sue, in the meantime, had moved over to the side of us and was sucking and playing with Linda's tits. Linda was really moaning now, half from pleasure and half from pain, as we both slowly increased our pace. She was beyond the pain now, I think, and we really started to pound into her holes with a great rhythm. Sue was pulling Linda's nipples away from her body, stretching them hard between her fingers. It didn't take long for all of us to cry out that we were cumming and, to our amazement, all three of us came together in a rush. We weren't finished yet as the three of us pleasured Sue later on, but I'll save that for the next story. 

What a birthday, and it isn't over yet!