 One Saturday night the four of us went to a local hotel to celebrate Sue's and Paul's birthdays. Linda and I had planned this as a surprise to them for several weeks prior. Linda and I made all the arrangements and they didn't suspect anything until we pulled into the driveway of the hotel. We got there about 5:00PM, checked in and went down to a the bar for a few drinks, got a little fired up and had dinner at the restaurant there. By the time we finished dinner it was about 9:00 and we decided to go down to the pool and hot tub for a little while before we started our evening activities. 

We went back to our rooms, which were right next to each other, to change. I brought Sue's new bathing suit that she got before we went to Florida last year. It was a two-piece black bikini that showed off a lot of skin the bottoms were cut almost like a thong. Sue and I had both been on diets and she bought it as a reward for losing about 15 pounds. I also brought my new speedo type suit that I finally looked good enough in to wear. 

Paul and Linda knocked at the door and we left for the pool. Linda looked fabulous in her bikini that showed off her great looking ass. Paul also had a speedo type suit on that showed off his big package. As we rode the elevator down we couldn't help copping a feel of each other. When we got to the pool there was only one other couple there swimming. A gorgeous brunette who looked to be about 30 who was with a guy who was about 50. We swam around for a while, then went over and sat on the steps and just chatted for a few minutes. The other couple came over and started some small talk with us. They introduced themselves as Steve and Kim. Steve said that they were in town for a business meeting and had decided to stay for the weekend. He was an executive for a large company that was headquartered right near the hotel, and Kim was his assistant. They were from California right near LA.

They were real nice friendly people and we definitely liked talking to them. Kim looked like a clone of Catherine Zeta-Jones, the actress, but with bigger tits. She was about 5'4" and very slim, but her tits (which appeared to be D-cups) looked almost out of place on her body. Her straight black hair came halfway down her back. Steve was a good-looking guy, I guess, and he had a kind of rugged look that I knew Sue really went for. Anyway, already being horny, just looking at Kim was making my dick hard, and I'm sure Paul felt the same way. Sue and Linda were also enjoying the conversation that Steve made, laughing and joking with him (I think flirting also). After about 15 minutes I said that we should all go over to the hot tub and continue our conversation. Steve and Kim wanted to swim for a few minutes more and said that they would join us shortly. Not wanting to show our erections, Paul and I swam to the deep end and got out. As I looked back to the other end of the pool I could see Steve (and Kim) checking out Linda and Sue as they got out on the shallow end. 

The four of us got in the whirlpool that was partially hidden from the rest of the pool area by a wall that had a door for the sauna. Luckily, the six of us were still the only ones in the pool area. It didn't take long for the four of us to start touching each other as we relaxed in the bubbly water. I slipped my finger inside Linda's suit bottoms to stroke her clit with one hand and raised her suit top to cup her left tit with the other. She pulled my cock out of my suit and was stroking it and playing with my nipples with her other hand. Although I couldn't see much because of the foamy water, from the look on Paul and Sue's faces they were also playing around under the water. 

We had almost forgotten about Steve and Kim and were surprised when they rounded the corner and stepped into the hot tub with us. Steve noticed our surprise. Later, he told us that they were peeking around the corner watching us for a few minutes and could tell that we were "fooling around". The hot tub was probably built for 8 people and the six of us fit comfortably in it. Kim sat down next to me, so I had two great looking women sitting next to me neither of which was my wife. Steve sat between his assistant and Sue who was sitting next to Paul. 

As we continued to make small talk, Linda started stroking my cock again and I worked my hand back into her cunt fingering her and stroking her clit. I don't know if we were obvious but, after a minute or two of this, I felt another hand on my thigh that I knew had to be Kim's. Wow, I felt my dick getting even harder. This was like a dream come true and a total unexpected surprise. Then I felt her hand join Linda's rubbing my again hard cock. I felt each of them take a part of it, one on top and one at the base. It was all I could do to keep from cumming as they slowly stroked it. I took my right hand and carefully moved it to begin playing with Kim's big tits on the outside of her top but under the water as she only had her head exposed. I looked over to see her lying with her head back against the wall of the tub and her eyes closed, obviously enjoying the touch of my hand. I didn't want to rush things too much for fear of scaring her off, but I had to feel her bare tits, so I reached under her left tit and, as I did, I moved her suit up over her tits to gain access to them. They felt wonderful. They were very soft and firm at the same time. I hoped that I would have the opportunity to suck on them at some point in time. 

I looked over at Paul and I think he knew what I was doing as he was staring at Kim and I and gave me a wink. I was still stroking Linda's cunt with my other hand and, from the look on her face, I knew that she was close to cumming. After a few minutes more, I moved my hand down Kim's stomach and down the front of her bottoms running my fingers up and down her slit and massaging her clit. She was breathing hard and I sensed that it wouldn't take much for her to cum too. Looking over at Sue and Steve I knew, from the look on Sue's face, that Steve was very busy with her also. 

It was almost time for the pool to close and, not wanting to waste a load in the hot tub, I asked Steve and Kim if they wanted to join us back in our room for a little champagne as Linda and I brought two bottles with us to celebrate Sue's and Paul's birthday. I was pretty sure of the answer before I asked the question and was hoping that I was right. Everyone enthusiastically answered yes and we all fixed our suits and got out of the hot tub. I could see six hard nipples pushing out against the women's tops and three hard cocks straining against the guy's suits. We all wrapped towels around us and headed for the elevator and our room. That's when the fun really started!! 

As we rode the elevator up to our rooms, Kim and Steve said that they would go to their room to change out of their wet suits and join us in about 15 minutes. As it turned out their room was about 5 rooms away from ours on the same floor. As we got to our room I couldn't help but stare at Kim's great ass as she walked away toward their room. I could feel my cock start to rise again as those hard two globes swung from side to side as she walked this was one sexy lady!! 

As Sue and I stripped off our wet suits, I couldn't help but notice that her nipples were rock-hard and I dipped my fingers into her cunt. I could feel how excited she was about having some fun with Steve (and Kim too). She said that Steve really knew his way around a pussy as he had brought her off three times with his fingers in the hot tub. She said that he had a nice thick cock probably about 7-8 inches long that she couldn't wait to feel inside her cunt and ass. We dried off and both of us put on some loose-fitting sweats without any underwear. We figured that, hopefully, we wouldn't have them on long anyway. 

Just as I went to the sitting area of the suite (we were in an all-suite hotel) to open the champagne, there was a knock at the door and I opened it to find all four of them there. As they came in, I noticed that everyone had the same idea about being comfortable. It was obvious that both Linda and Kim didn't have a bra on as I could plainly see some nipple points against their sweatshirts. I hoped that they weren't wearing anything under their pants either. After welcoming Kim and Linda with a quick kiss, I went back to opening the champagne as Steve settled into a large lounge chair with Linda and Sue sitting on the floor on either side of Steve; and Paul sat on the couch with Kim. I handed everyone some champagne and sat down on the other side of Kim on the couch. I offered a toast to "an exciting evening", and we all downed our glasses. I poured another one for all of us and we sat around for a while getting to know each other better. At first, it was just general chitchat, but as the minutes passed the conversation turned more and more sexual in nature.

Steve finally came out and told us that Kim and he were swingers and, on their business trips, frequently met other couples for some exciting fun. It didn't come as a surprise to him when I said that the four of us had been screwing each other for a while, and were very interested in having them join us that evening. I guess that was pretty obvious considering what we had done in the hot tub earlier. Well, this started the evening rolling! 

Kim turned toward me and we started kissing, dueling our tongues with each other. As we kissed, I noticed that Paul had slipped his hand under Kim's shirt and was fondling her right tit and kissing her neck at the same time. As Kim switched to kiss Paul, we both took the opportunity to lift her shirt over her magnificent breasts exposing them in the light for the first time to us. I wasted no time at all bending down to suck on her left tit, drawing the hard nipple in and lightly biting on it as I sucked. I could see that Paul didn't take long to do the same to her right one, and it wasn't long before Kim was moaning with passion as we continued. I couldn't help thinking that this woman had the best body and face that I had ever been with. My cock was harder than I ever remember it being, straining even at the loose fitting sweats. 

I slipped my hand under her pants to play with her cunt and boy was it sopping wet. As I suspected, she didn't have any underwear on plus, to my great delight, I couldn't feel any pussy hair either. Paul's hand soon joined mine and we began to take turns sliding our fingers up her damp cunt and playing with her big rock-hard clit as we continued to suck on her big tits. Kim started begging us to make her cum, and I was real eager to taste her and oblige her wish. I somewhat reluctantly stopped sucking her tit and got on the floor between her legs. I reached up and started to pull her sweatpants off with her help as she raised her ass off the couch. I was in heaven as her shaved pussy came into view that part of her was beautiful too!! I wasted no time pulling them completely off and quickly buried my face in her sweet-tasting snatch. I started alternating sucking her clit into my mouth and trying to shove my tongue as far up her cunt as I could. She was holding my head tightly against her cunt and I was trying to prolong the pleasure never quite letting her cum. She was trying to move my head faster to allow her to cum but I just continued teasing her. 

In the meantime, Paul had dropped his sweats and was kneeling beside her, feeding his huge cock into her sweet mouth. I could see her cheeks swelling as he fed her more and more of it until she had taken all of it in down to his short hairs. It always truly amazed me how a woman, first Sue and Linda and now Kim, could get that huge thing completely down their throats. By now, Kim was begging me to bring her off and I needed relief myself, as I was sure that Paul did too. I told Paul that we needed to change positions so that we all could get some relief. 

I moved away from her sweet-tasting cunt and Paul pulled out of her mouth, and we moved down to the floor together. I laid down on my back and Paul positioned Kim kneeling over me, facing my feet, with her sweet cunt just inches above my face. Paul also got on his knees behind her and positioned his huge thick cock at the entrance to her wet cunt. I had a birds-eye view of his cock entering her and, seeing it up close for the first time, I had to admit I was very pretty jealous. I could really understand why Sue loved fucking Paul so much. I'm sure it hit all the right places to give her such pleasure. 

I was happy when Kim bent her head down to deep-throat my rock-hard cock again. She had a unique talent of sucking it with a lot of pressure and, at the same time, tonguing the sensitive spot just under the head which I loved. All this time I was watching Paul's cock easing into her twat, stretching it wide as he entered her slowly inch by inch. The lips of her cunt were opened wide and I could see the most amazing thing as he slowly started to saw in and out of her. Her clit, which was completely exposed, was huge, sticking out about an inch from the top of her cunt. As I was tonguing her earlier, I felt that it was larger than most I had seen, but nothing prepared me for its length that I was observing. 

I reached my hand up and was able to grasp it between my thumb and forefinger. As I did this, Kim jumped as it was obviously super sensitive to my touch and she let out a loud moan as I started rolling it between my fingers. She was jerking her body all around as I continued doing this and Paul was having a hard time keeping his cock in her. To her credit, she never missed a beat sucking my cock and I could hear muffled moans as she was getting closer and closer to cumming. I was close to cumming also and I stopped pinching her clit and started shoving my cock in and out of her mouth faster and faster. Paul had really picked up the pace, shoving that huge thing into her as fast as he could. We were all on the verge of cumming and I moved my head up and sucked her huge clit into my mouth and began to lightly bite down on it. The combination of Paul's pounding and my cunt lapping sent her over the edge as she started to climax. 

As the first convulsion hit her, her body bent into almost a "U" shape, still sucking my cock, and her ass in the air accepting Paul's pistoning member in her. I could see her stomach muscles rippling as she continued cumming and I bit down a little harder on her clit. This was more than she could take and let out the most blood-curdling scream saying that this was the best orgasm she had ever had. This sent me over the edge and I echoed her sentiments with me probably having the most intense cum of my life shooting my load into her beautiful mouth. Paul came at the same time shooting his load deep inside her cunt. As I continued to lightly suck her clit I was amazed watching her stomach muscles rippling as she had many more mini-orgasms. 

After a few minutes she begged me to stop as she couldn't take any more pleasure. She slowly disengaged herself from my cock, and Paul pulled his cock out of her thoroughly soaked cunt and, as he did, some of his cum dripped out on my face. I reached up with my hand and transferred it to her magnificent tits, smearing it all over them. As she laid down on her back between Paul and I, we took turns sucking it off them. This was probably the first time I had tasted another man's cum and, strangely, I did not find it unpleasant at all. 

All three of us were exhausted by our efforts. It was almost as if we were the only three in the room. But I was roused again by Sue's cries of pleasure, and I looked to see her sitting on Steve's cock, bouncing up and down on it as fast as she could as he pounded into her. Linda was sitting on his face and he was lapping her cunt as he fucked Sue. At the time I was thinking that this was probably the first time I had tuned out watching my wife being pleasured when enjoying someone else. I really get off watching her enjoy herself at the same time I am. It just seems to intensify my own pleasure.

As I continued watching, Linda reached up and grabbed Sue's tits and started to pinch her nipples. Shortly after, I saw Sue lean back onto her hands and scream out her pleasure as she had an intensely violent orgasm. As she moved her tits away from Linda, Linda kept her hold on her nipples really stretching them away from her chest. I was thinking that it must be pretty painful for Sue but, afterwards, she told me that it just seemed to intensify her orgasm. Linda came a short time later and so did Steve, shoving his prick hard up into Sue's cunt. The three of them all laid back on the carpet exhausted also. 

We all laid there for a while catching our breath. Sue told me later all about what they did as I confessed that I didn't notice them at all while Paul, Kim and I were fucking. She said Linda and her took turns riding Steve's hard cock and talented tongue and that she must have had 7 or 8 big orgasms from his pleasuring her. She also said that Steve could last a long time without cumming, and that he was the best cunt-lapper she had ever experienced. I told her about what we did with Kim and she agreed that Kim was one super-hot lady.