 We were all pretty exhausted after going at it for a good 45 minutes, so we just laid there and relaxed for a few minutes. I got up and poured another glass of champagne for us all, and one by one we went into the bathroom to clean up and splash some water on our faces. I really enjoyed the sight of the three great looking women as they walked by me on the way to the bathroom. I marveled at how Kim's tits bounced as she walked, and made a promise to pay extra special attention to them when we started up again. I also couldn't wait to fill up her pretty pussy and asshole with my thick cock. Sue was the last one to use the bathroom and when she came out she went over and sat beside Paul on the couch, Kim and I were also sitting on the couch and Linda was sitting on Steve's lap on the chair to the side of us.

It didn't take long for us to get going again, I reached my left arm around Kim's back to fondle her left tit, and bent down to suck her right nipple into my mouth. I found out quickly that Kim's nipples, just like Sue's and Linda's, were quick to get hard and long as I lightly alternated sucking and lightly biting on them. With my right hand, I slowly stroked the insides of her legs moving up higher and higher as her thighs parted to allow me access to her shaved bush. As I reached her sweet pussy, I teased her for a few minutes just lightly brushing my fingers along her slit and briefly stroking her rapidly swelling clit. Speaking of rapidly hardening, my cock was quickly again rock hard as Kim reached down and slowly started to stroke its length.

I looked up to see that the other two couples were also fooling around, Steve was kissing Linda and his hands were fondling her tits and pussy. Paul and Sue were also working each other up, and I could see he had a couple of fingers working in and out of Sue's cunt as he sucked on her great tits, and she was playing with his huge hard dick. Almost as if we had ESP from what I was thinking, Sue said to us "Why don't we move the party into the bedroom where we can be more comfortable, and since it's my birthday I'd like to have Steve and Paul fuck me in my cunt and ass if no one has any objections"? As expected no one objected and now the only question was which of them got to stuff which of Sue's lovely openings. 

Sue led us into the separate bedroom area complete with a big king-size bed. She immediately dragged Steve and Paul onto the bed and laid down on her back pulling Steve up to kneel over her with his ass lightly pressing down on her tits as she guided his half-hard cock into her sweet mouth. Paul immediately crawled between her legs and buried his mouth into her sopping wet cunt swiping his tongue up and down the length of her slit. In the meantime, Kim and Linda and I sat on the other side of the bed, and I asked them if they minded if I watched my wife being double-fucked for a while before we started our own fun. As I said before I really got off on watching my lovely wife being ravished by other men, and especially by more than one cock at a time. Neither of them said they minded as the action started to go on with Steve and Paul switching positions several times over the next 15 minutes or so.

As the three of us watched we weren't ignoring each other as I played with their tits and ran my hands occasionally over their slick cunts and they paid attention to my rapidly hardening cock bending over to suck it teasingly into their mouths. In what seemed to be a short time Sue was working up to a fever pitch hunching her cunt into their faces and sucking their cocks with more intensity. She pulled away from Paul's cock and yelled out "I need you to fuck me now!!!" As they switched positions I could see her nipples were rock hard and her juices were running down the insides of her thighs. Steve laid down on his back, and Sue kneeled down over him grabbing his throbbing cock and positioning it at the entrance to her slick slit. She slammed down on it pushing the entire length into her in one shot moaning about how good it felt buried deep inside of her. Paul knelt behind her rubbing some of her juices from the bottom of her cunt mixing it with his pre-cum along the length of his huge thick cock and started to ease it into her puckered asshole. Sue groaned with his assault into her ass, she told me later that even as many times as he's fucked her ass until the head and the first couple of inches are inside her it's really pretty painful.

Sue was really moaning now as he slowly worked about 4 inches into her and she started to move up and down on Steve's big cock. It took about 5 more minutes for Paul to bury all 8 inches up her ass and as he did Sue started to really fuck up and down on Steve as Paul started to piston his cock faster and faster into her. I see her tits, even though they're firm and not overly big, swaying back and forth as she pounded her cunt down on Steve. Steve noticed them too and reached up grabbing her sensitive nipples and started to pinch and twist them and pull them away from her body just as she likes them being abused. Sue was constantly moaning now as they ravished both her holes without mercy and Steve continued to abuse her sensitive nipples.

Sue yelled out "I'm cumming, split me open with your fat cocks!!", and with that she screamed a scream that probably woke up half of the hotel as her body was wracked with an intense orgasm that lasted what seemed to be a couple of minutes long, shaking and gyrating on the two big cocks buried in her.

In quick succession, Paul and Steve both emptied their loads of hot cum deep inside her cunt and ass. Sue collapsed down onto Steve's chest and we could see her sucking deep breaths of air obviously spent from this tremendous fucking she had received. I could see a river of cum leaking down the insides of her thighs as she still was on her knees with them still buried in her. As they pulled out of her I could swear I heard two distinct sucking noises as they removed their members from her two holes.

Watching the action got Kim, Linda, and I hot and ready for some more fun. I was more than anxious to fuck Kim's hot cunt, and I could see from the juices running down Linda's thighs that she was anxious for some pleasure too!! I laid Kim down on her back with her ass on the edge of the bed and lifted her legs up onto my shoulders as I stood up on the side of the bed and positioned my rock hard cock at the entrance to her cunt. I teased her for a minute or two rubbing it along her slit and clit, but as hot as I was to fuck her I quickly slammed it all the way into her as hard as I could. I've found that if you want the maximum penetration this is the position that gets it. Kim had tremendous control of her cunt muscles and I could feel her milking my cock with them.

I was glad I had already cum once because with that action I knew I wouldn't have lasted long otherwise. In the meantime, Linda went over and knelt down over Kim's face needing to join in on the pleasure. I wasn't sure if Kim enjoyed women also, but quickly learned the answer as she lifted her head slightly and buried her face into Linda's sopping wet cunt.

Linda cried out "Oh, shit!! Her tongue feels so good on me. I need to cum again so badly!!" 

I started to fuck Kim slowly at first drawing my cock almost all the way out of her and then shoving it all the way in her.

Kim said, "Steve, look at his thick cock stretching me out. I love the way it feels inside me!!" 

I looked over to see that Paul, Steve, and Sue were intently watching the three of us. From the look on Steve's face I could tell that he also got off on watching his wife get fucked by someone else. I started to pick up the speed fucking Kim and as I pushed into her each time I see her face bury into Linda's cunt as I did. I leaned over to begin to maul Kim's big tits as I continued to fuck her harder and harder pulling on them to get leverage to fuck her faster. I could see that Steve moved over behind Linda and reaching around her back started to play with her long sensitive nipples as she ground her cunt onto Kim's tongue.

Linda and Kim were almost continuously moaning now and I could sense that it wouldn't be long before the three of us orgasmed now. Behind Steve and Linda, I could see that Sue and Paul had gotten into the "69" position with Sue kneeling over Paul and sucking his huge cock all the way down her throat as his tongue lapped the juices up from her slippery slit. Watching all of this go on at the same time I was fucking this fantastic pussy, I knew that I wouldn't last much longer, so I moved my hands from Kim's tits to grab her ass and began to fuck her without mercy feeling the cum bubbling up inside me. 

Linda came first screaming out, "Fuck me with that tongue of yours, it feels so fucking good. I'm cumming so hard!!!!!"

I could see that Linda's body was spasming in a huge orgasm, and shortly thereafter Kim started to shake in a tremendous orgasm of her own and that triggered mine as I slammed deep inside her shooting my load as I came in buckets in her cunt. Kim continued to cum for what seemed to be about a minute as I slowly continued to fuck her until my limp cock slipped out of her well-fucked cunt.

I looked over to see that Sue was cumming all over Paul's talented tongue as she watched the end of Kim and me screwing. All of us were fucked out again as we collapsed back down on the bed. But what happened next was truly surprising in a night of pleasant surprises. Sue sat up and announced that she had to taste Kim's cunt. She knelt in front of Kim parting her thighs and burying her face in her cunt sucking my cum from her sweet pussy. It didn't take but for a minute or two for Kim to start cumming again as Sue sucked her clit into her mouth and reached up to play with Kim's big tits. She kept Kim cumming for what seemed like ten minutes until Kim pushed her head off of her saying that she couldn't take it anymore. What a hot scene!!! Paul and Steve were hard again, and from what just transpired I knew it wouldn't be long before we started up again.