 The next morning the alarm went off at six, I rolled onto my back, and my naked wife was lying next to me. She stirred, rolled over and kept sleeping. I crawled out of bed and headed to the bathroom. 

I climbed into the shower like every morning to get ready to go to work. Seth and I were the only ones that knew I was not going to work. I was going to drive around the corner and wait for his signal to come back into the house. I then would walk back to the house and hide in the closet until it was time for me to come out and give my wife a little surprise.

When I got out of the shower, Jen was not in bed. I went to my closet and got dressed then headed to the kitchen.

Jen was in the kitchen getting her morning coffee.

She was naked.

"Don't you think with Seth in the house you should put on some clothes? I mean even if it is just a t-shirt and panties?" I asked her.

She turned around and said, "Good morning to you too."

I stood there and looked at her naked body as she leaned against the counter with a who cares look on her face.

"He saw me naked last night at your request. I mean he had his cock buried in my pussy last night and you are worrying about him seeing me naked?" She asked.

Just then, Seth came around the corner into the kitchen.

He looked at Jen and just said, "Damn."

She grinned and turned around to get two more cups. She poured Seth and me a cup of coffee and brought them to us.

She handed me mine then Seth his and said, "I guess I should put some clothes on."

She disappeared around the corner and Seth looked at me and said, "Are you sure you are ready for today?"

"I'm sure. She wants to be a slut so I will treat her as one." I answered.

I continued, "I'm going to go down the street. When she goes in to take a shower or is where I can come in and hide then go to the guest bedroom window and open the shade. I will come back to the house and hide in the closet of our bedroom. Now, when are the guys supposed to be here?"

"They are supposed to be here about noon." Seth replied.

"Are all of them onboard?" I asked.

"I told all of them what the plan was and they are onboard with it." He replied.

"Good. Does she know they are coming over? I asked.

"No, she thinks it is just her and I." He responded.

I took a sip of my coffee and Jen appeared back around the corner with a pair of thong panties and a t-shirt that barely concealed her tits and was cut off just below them.

"Is that better?" she asked looking at me.

"It is the proper attire for a slut." I said looking back at her.

She walked over to get another cup of coffee and I said, "I have to get to work."

"Have a good day." Seth said.

Jen did not say anything. I walked over to where she was standing.

I leaned down to kiss her and she returned the kiss, "See you later." I said.

She did not respond.

I turned and headed out the door. As I passed Seth, I nodded at him.

I went to the car and drove down the street. I turned the corner and then turned back around and parked where I could see the blinds in our guest bedroom.

Seth was to get Jen rolling and then tell her he wanted to try a little bondage sex and tie her to the bed and blindfold her. All of the guys would then come in. I would be hiding and come out when he had her tied and blindfolded.

I sat waiting for my signal. I looked at my watch, it was now ten thirty, and suddenly the blinds opened.

I got out of the car and walked the short distance to the house. I opened the front door and Seth was standing there waiting for me.

"She is in the shower getting cleaned up." He whispered.

I headed for the bedroom and hid in my closet.

I heard the water shut off and the shower door open. I could see into the bathroom and could see Jen drying off. She wrapped her hair in a towel and walked into the bedroom naked. I noticed that she had a freshly shaven pussy. She sat at her vanity and began applying her make-up. I looked at her beautiful little heart shaped ass pressed against the seat. Her hourglass figure was lean and sexy as she sat there. She unwrapped her hair and let it flow down her shoulders and back. She fluffed it out and then turned on the blow dryer and began drying it.

It took her about thirty minutes to get ready. During that time, I took my clothes off and was now standing naked in the closet.

Jen finally done stood up and went to the full-length mirror to take in the full view of her fabulous figure. She was apparently pleased with what she saw as she turned and walked out of the room naked. 

I tried to listen to what was happening but could not hear anything. It was now eleven forty five and I knew things would soon be getting started. The guys were due at noon.

About five minutes passed and Jen and Seth came into the bedroom.

Both of them were naked.

"Jen we're going to play it a little different today. Get on the bed on your back." Seth told Jen.

Jen did as she was told and climbed onto the bed lying on her back, looking sexy as hell, and waiting for Seth to join her.

Seth crawled onto the bed and straddled her body. He reached across her to the top edge of the bed and pulled out a rope that he had apparently already put into place. He pulled her wrist toward the rope and tied her to it.

"OOOOO, this looks like fun." Jen mewed sexily.

Seth then reached to the other corner and did the same to her other wrist. He then reached for the nightstand and pulled open the drawer to pull out a red scarf.

He rolled it up and Jen said, "How kinky."

He placed it across her eyes and then she pulled her head off the pillow so he could tie it behind her head.

"This is fun." Jen said.

Seth began massaging her breasts, as he stayed straddled across her body.

Seth had apparently left the door unlocked and told the guys to just come on in because suddenly they were in the room surrounding the bed.

Steve, Pat, Mule, Greg, Warren and Brian were all there and waiting to fuck my wife.

Seth looked around the room and nodded at them. They quickly began disrobing until all of them were naked.

Seth had continued massaging Jen's tits and rolling her nipples. She was so into it she had not noticed anyone else in the room.

I decided it was time for me to come out of the closet. I opened the door and stepped into the room to join the rest of the guys.

They stood silently looking at me and Seth turned away from looking at Jen to look at me. I took the video camera, set it on a dresser with a view of the bed, and began recording.

I nodded at Seth and he crawled off my wife.

Jen asked, "Seth where are you going?"

I crawled onto the bed and straddled her body. 

I leaned down next to her head and kissed her neck and she softly moaned.

"Hello Baby." I said softly in her ear.

She began to struggle against her restraints, "What are you doing here?"

"I know all about this week. I have seen you and Seth fucking at night. I have seen you fucking all of my old classmates, I know you, and Beth went to the glory hole, fucked, and sucked about ten guys. Guess what honey? One of the guys was me. I have decided that if you want to be a slut then you will be treated like a slut. I have invited all of my old buddies over here today to treat you like the slut that you are. They are all standing around the bed right now naked and with hardons waiting to fuck you until you can't walk." I told her.

She had continued to struggle against her ropes to no avail.

"Honey, I'm going to fuck you first. Can you feel my hard cock lying against your stomach? When I'm done I'm going to let my buddies have at you." I continued to tell her.

I moved between her legs. I spread them and she said, "Dave don't do this. There are too many of you. I will stop, I won't fuck around anymore." She pleaded.

As I guided my cock to her pussy, I leaned back to her ear and said, "Honey, I don't want you to stop. The fact is that you have simply become a slut and a whore and nothing will change that. After we are done fucking you, then I want you to get your ass out of my house. I do not want to live with someone who would fuck my friends behind my back. You know the funny thing is that if we had a discussion about this it might have been ok because watching you fuck other men is really very exciting."

"Dave please I will stop." She begged.

I reached behind me and ripped her panties from her waist. I pulled them free, wadded them up and put them in her mouth.

"I don't want to hear your lies? I said to her.

I then pushed forward and let my cock slid into her pussy. She moaned as I did and tears began flowing down the sides of her face. 

I pulled back and dove deep inside her. She groaned again.

I looked around and the guys were all standing stroking their cocks getting them ready.

I fucked her in and out until I felt the cum rising from my balls and then pulled out and shot my load onto her stomach and tits.

I crawled from her legs and said, "One down and seven to go. Oh yah, they are all going to shot their cum on your body and face. We are all going to fuck you and cover your little slut body with cum."

"Who's next?" I said to the guys.

Greg had a hardon ready and was the next to crawl between her legs. He positioned his cock and leaned forward to quickly sink it to the hilt in Jen's pussy. He was ramming in and out of her pussy with such force that her large tits were swaying back and forth on her chest.

I looked at Warren and said, "Warren come here and shove your cock into her mouth. We certainly have a better use for her mouth than for holding these panties."

Warren moved onto the bed and aimed his cock at her mouth. I reached in and pulled the panties from her mouth and Warren quickly put his cock there. Warren leaned forward forcing his cock into her throat. She gagged.

"That's it Warren treat her like the slut that she is." I egged him on.

Greg began to moan, pulled his cock from her pussy, and began stroking it until his cum shot onto her chest and stomach.

Greg backed out and Brian jumped in.

He also began banging into her pussy with a fast and brutal fucking. The tears continued to run from the blindfold and down her cheeks.

I leaned into her and asked, "How does it feel now to be such a slut and a whore?"

She could not answer because Warren still had his cock deep in her mouth.

I looked at Brian's cock slipping in and out of her pussy. It was driving into her like a piston when he suddenly tensed up. He pulled from her and stroked his cock to empty his load onto her stomach and pussy.

She now had cum running down her sides pooling on the sheets around her.

Brian crawled from between her legs and Mule started to step in when Steve spoke up, "Oh no Mule, I'm next before you spread out that tight little pussy.

Steve crawled onto the bed and guided his cock to her. She moaned as he entered her but only for a second because Warren was ready to cum. He pulled out of her mouth and shot his load onto her face, neck and her blindfold. Warren's cum mixed with the tears and ran down the sides of her face.

She opened her mouth to speak and some of Warren's cum rolled into her mouth from her lips. She swallowed it and before she could say anything Pat was on the bed and had his cock ready. As soon as she opened her mouth to speak, he slid his cock past her lips.

"That's it Pat, fuck her mouth." I said.

Pat had leaned over her body and was now fucking her mouth and her throat. I could hear the clicking sound of his cock as it hit the saliva at the back of her throat. He was fucking her mouth just as if he was fucking her pussy.

Steve was making long and forceful strokes into Jen's pussy. Warren was now trying to get his cock down her throat as he pushed further into her mouth. He had his cock all the way in and his balls were resting against her tear-covered cheeks. He pulled back out and she gagged and gasped for air. He let her have a few breaths of air and then forced his cock back into her gaping mouth.

Steve moaned and his body tensed as he pulled out of her pussy and stood on his knees stroking his cock. He was aiming for her pussy and shot copious amounts of cum onto her slick shaven pussy. The cum rolled down her pussy lips and between the crack of her ass.

Mule had been patiently waiting his turn and now it was time for him to stuff his monster cock into her pussy. He crawled between her legs and plunged his cock into her well-fucked pussy. The sudden deep and powerful penetration caused Jen to groan on Pat's cock.

Pat moaned and tensed up then pulled out of her throat and shot his load all over her face.

I then turned to Mule who was sliding in and out of her pussy at a steady pace. It still amazed me that her pussy could take all of his cock. He had to be pounding against her cervix as he plunged in and out of her.

Everyone was watching Mule's long cock spreading Jen's pussy lips apart with each stroke. When he withdrew, it was as if her pussy was being pulled inside out.

Greg's cock was hard again and he said, "Fuck this watching I want my dick sucked."

He crawled onto the bed and guided his cock to her mouth. 

She tried not to let him in and Greg told her "Open your mouth slut I want to fuck it."

Mule was still at a steady pace of thrusting into her. He was like a machine that would not let up.

Jen moaned on Greg's cock and forced it from her mouth as her whole body began to quiver and she soaked Mule's cock with her juices. 

Her pussy was so wet now that the sound of Mule's cock slipping through her wet cunt reverberated through the room.

Mule's body tightened and he tried not to come but apparently could not hold back as he withdrew his cock and stroked his load onto her stomach and tits.

Greg was waiting for her orgasm to subside before putting his cock back into her mouth.

As Mule finished unloading on her I said, "Guys I have an idea."

I continued, "Greg untie her from the bed on your side." As I untied her on the other side.

I pulled her off the bed and onto her wobbly legs. I grabbed the restraints that were still tied to her wrists and led her to the family room. There we had two pillars, I stood her between them and tied one wrist to one side, and Greg followed my cue on the other wrist.

We tied her so that she could not completely stand up and had to stay in a bent over position.

"I have another idea." I said.

I went to the garage, gathered two more lengths of rope, and brought them in. I handed one to Greg and I began tying one of her ankles to the pillar so that she had to keep her legs spread. Greg did likewise to her other ankle.

We now had her bent over with her legs spread so that she would be easier to fuck.

We all moved behind her and admired our handiwork. Her pussy and ass were spread wide open.

Pat was the first to comment, "Damn she is spread wide for the fucking!"

Jen then had gained her senses enough to speak, "Please Dave don't do this."

"Will someone put a cock in her mouth so she can't say anything?" I requested.

Seth walked up to her and pushed his cock against her lips, "She won't open her mouth." He said.

I walked up behind her, gave her a hard smack on her ass, and ordered her, "Suck his cock slut."

She yelled when the blow met her tightly stretched skin and opened her mouth for Seth's cock.

She began sucking on his cock and Seth rocked back and forth holding the back of her head.

I went to the kitchen, retrieved some olive oil, and let it dribble onto her puckered little ass.

"Go ahead Warren, you have not got to fuck her yet and you might as well be the first of the day to fuck her ass. She truly likes it and it is all lubed up for you." I told him.

Warren walked over behind her with his hard cock. He grabbed the base of it and pushed it at her tight little ass. With the olive oil, he quickly popped the head of his cock inside her. This caused her to moan on Seth's cock.

Warren then leaned into her and sunk his cock fully into her rectum. 

Jen was rocking back and forth from Warren fucking her ass and her large tits were swinging below her petite body. Seth just had to stand still and the rocking caused Jen to slide up and down on his cock. 

Pat got on one side of Jen and Brian on the other and they grabbed a tit each, rolled, and pinched her nipples until she let out a cry either from pain or from pleasure nobody was sure but that did not stop them from pinching them and causing them to extend and become puffy and red.

Seth was struggling and pulled from her mouth and stroked his cock until he shot his load onto her face. His cum splashed off her face and dribbled to the floor.

Jen gasped for air and Brian walked around in front of her and put his cock to her lips. This time she greedily sucked him into her mouth. The little slut was finally beginning to act like the slut that she was.

Warren moaned, "OHHHHH FUCK!"

"Stay inside her Warren and fill her ass up with cum." I told him.

He groaned again and you could tell he was unloading deep inside her bowels.

Warren pulled out and Steve stepped in and said, "Let me fuck the little whore's ass."

He grabbed his cock and shoved it into her cum and oil slick ass.

Jen groaned on Pat's cock.

Mule was stroking his cock keeping it at its full length waiting for his turn.

Steve slapped her ass and said, "Fuck me Bitch!"

Jen let Brian's cock slip from her mouth as she cried out again at the slap on her tight ass.

Brian grabbed his cock and guided it back to her mouth and she again anxiously took it in. Brian had her by the hair and was stabbing his cock at her mouth and down her throat. He held her so tightly once that her lips touched his balls. Jen's face turned red and then he let her back off. 

She gagged, choked, and then said, "Put it back in."

"What a little whore she is" Brian exclaimed.

Steve had been fucking her ass this whole time and he then moaned, "FUCK YES!"

He too had now deposited his load inside my wife's ass.

He pulled out of her ass and left it gaping open. There was cum trailing from her ass to her pussy.

Mule stepped in next.

I thought my gawd he will tear her apart if he puts that cock in her ass.

He grabbed his cock and guided it to her ass. He poked the head of his monster at her open hole and then trailed down to her pussy. He leaned forward and let the head of his cock slid into her pussy.

Jen moaned loudly and Brian pulled from her and shot his load at he mouth when she moaned. His cum landed on her tongue and lips and she quickly shut them while the next shot hit her square on the chin.

Mule was rocking back and forth in her pussy as she swayed with the force of his strokes.

I walked up to her and said, "Does the little slut want to come?"

She nearly cried out, "My gawd yes please."

I put my hand on her clit. It was easy to find with Mule's big cock spreading her pussy wide open.

I massaged her clit and with just a few brushes against it, she rocketed into an orgasm that caused her whole body to shake and convulse.

"My gawd she is milking my cock." Mule exclaimed as his eyes squinted up and he withdrew his big cock and let it slide along the crack of her ass and the small of her back. He shot load after load onto her back.

Jen was gasping for air and was hanging from her restraints around her wrists.

We all stood back and looked at her.

She was covered in cum and had beads of sweat all over her body. Her nipples were swollen and red, her ass was still open and her pussy was red and swollen with cum running from it.

Her head was hanging down and her hair covered her face.

I went to her and grabbed one of the ropes tied to the pillar and Seth untied the other.

We had to hold onto the ropes to keep her from collapsing on the floor. We laid her onto the floor and untied the ropes around her ankles.
