 Her walk was assertive. Although maybe it was just the sweet sway of her ass. So perfectly formed as if God herself had spent a decade designing its delicate deliciousness. We had been friends for a few years before she demurely suggested it would be fun to have a roll in the hay. I took my time weighing the various options, risks and benefits. 

Twice a week she'd run by the house while I was working from home. Runner's legs, short shorts and a sports bra. A few times she had stopped on her return to request a cool drink of water. Her nipples subtly winked, and after the second time I openly teased her about the exciting runs she ventured out upon. It was during one of the water breaks when she looked me in the eye, smiled and softly stated, "It would be nice to have you actually physically undress me, instead of using your eyes and let me caress your body." 

I stumbled. No doubt my mouth had fallen open. It is not every day a fantasy becomes a real possibility-with the switch in your palm. Fortunately, I wasn't 21 and recovered. "I'm sure our bodies would enjoy each other. The concern is collateral damage. Let me think about it," I replied. She finished her water, smiled and left. It wasn't a friendly goodbye, she delivered a deep sensual kiss while purposely grinding her hips into my pelvis. No words were needed to get her message. 

The potential collateral damage wasn't insignificant. We both were married, our parents had done business together for decades and her husband was a client of my fathers. In addition, my wife's company was one of her biggest clients. It didn't take much deep thought to realize there could be implications. After a long millisecond, my rational side screamed, "Bloody fucking no way in hell." Alas, my genetics make up contains an X and Y chromosome. 

I next ran into her a few days later. She was just wrapping up a morning run. I watched her jogging down the block so I exited the house as she drew near with a cold glass of water in my hand. "How far you running these days? Seems like you flew by over an hour ago," I inquired while handing her the cool water. 

She graciously accepted the water, took a tall drink then responded, "Just 8 miles today. Have to keep these legs toned and the stomach from bulging." 

While talking she brought the glass into her sports bra and placed it snuggly up against her breast then pulled it away. Her nipple visibly stuck out. My eyes automatically focused on the pronounced bump. She responded by asking, "Would you like me to do the same to the other?" 

"Sure. Beautiful sights are always special in the morning," I replied. 

She brought the glass back to the other side, and repeated the procedure and then reapplied the glass to her other nipple. I couldn't help, but smile. As my lips curled towards the heavens, she brought the glass up to her sports bra and poured the remnants over both breasts. Despite the thickness of her white sports bra, the shadows of her nipples were visible and both stuck out like lug nuts. 

"I better go shower now. Have to get this sweat off and deal with an itch. Let me know please when you make a decision," she stated as she slowly jogged off. The show left me with a swelling in my shorts so I too retreated. 

The blatant show of desire corrupted my dreams. In them, I ripped her exercise outfit off and pounded her. During the day, I contemplated ways to taste her fruit and imagined the sounds of her squeals. Work became a second thought, so I had to focus on getting my focus back (ie making sure I avoided her). This helped, and allowed me to stall in providing an answer as I knew what I wanted to do, and knew what I should say. Problem is there were no similarities between the two. 

Another week went by without any contact. I'd arranged a business lunch meeting with an old client/friend, Bob, which started late and included drinks. After our meal, we had another drink and switched gears. The conversation went from sports teams to politics, but ultimately settled on our waitress's sex appeal and the uncomfortableness of dealing with hot clients. Being on our second drink, our tongues had loosened and we privately discussed whether the loosening of another button on our waitress's top would disclose sufficient cleavage to permit us a tiny glimpse of her areola. 

After this the topics changed often, but usually involved some reference to sex or a bit of glorious female anatomy we'd witnessed. This must of rekindled Bob's memory as he abruptly changed gears and asked for we had found a babysitter. 

"For what?" I responded. 

"Dinner" he shouted back. "Next Saturday night? I talked with Jennifer and she said your calendar was open, sounded fun and she just needed to check with you." 

This got me laughing, as no doubt my wife, Jennifer, had forgotten the last part. In our busy lives this wasn't uncommon for either of us. I replied, "Sounds good, so we should be available. Here, I'll shoot Jennifer a text and confirm." 

Bob smiled, then leaned forward, and added, "It's going to be fun. Every couple I've invited the lady part is damn hot and all have some business connection to my company. I've picked out an armful of cabs, pinots and chardonnays that will make anyone's tongue dance." 

"So you've invited us because you think my wife is hot and want to do business with her," I laugh-spoke in response. "Hope for some freebie benefits too?" 

"Shit, I've never been shy about letting you know what I thought of Jennifer since you first started dating her. Opinion hasn't changed, but you're the business connection for your team. And I promise, your marriage eyes will bug out at the candy. Little wine in everyone and open flirting will be taking place. Just fun friendly flirting. Get your wife to wear something sexy. Unfortunately, not a orgy, although I've no doubt you'd be the first ripping off their clothes if there was," Bob ranted. His eyes giving away he was quite pleased with himself. 

I smiled broadly, then asked about the guest list. If Bob said the attendees would be hot, then there was no doubt they would be. He indicated I might know a few of the invited couples, then mentioned my running friend, Jewel and her husband. My heart rate jumped, but I tried to play it cool. 

Bob laughed, then added, "I've seen you checking out Jewel several times. Shit, I have too. I'd give a nut to ride her over the bridge and back. She'd be fine. Think if she was into you, she would do whatever was asked." 

I was in between a sip of my drink, and the later part of his comment forced me to choke. 

Laughter spilt from Bob's lips, then he stated, "Yeah, knew that would get your attention. Wouldn't it be great to see her nipples grow hard? She probably loves to service." 

This time I kept from choking then naively added, "Think she's into S&M and into getting whipped and tied up? She seems more like a dominant type that would want to tell you what to do and when." 

"Nah, you are young. She has to be Lady Firm in her business. My experience is those types want to drop control, turn the tables and do what is asked of them. Not the pain, shit. Just submissive. One of those that gets off on pleasing and doing what's asked," Bob responded. 

"My experience is ladies like to be treated special, wined and dined, then slowly they give up their treasures," I commented. 

"You are fucked up. Trust me. Women aren't too different than men, and love their fill of sex. Some do like the fluff, but majority like to be treated as a woman. Told when to suck, fuck and where. If they're willing to get naked with you, then 90% already have decided they trust you. Men aren't so trusting. When a lady trusts a guy she will often demonstrate the trust by surrendering to him. Not to get hurt, but to totally please him. It's their way of showing acceptance. They give you the power to control and use their body. It totally turns them on and satisfies them. In the end, both get fucked silly is how it usually goes." 

"Wow. Guess I am young and naive. You've tested the waters much more," was my meek response. 

"Mark you have to get young. I'm not telling you to go fuck anything that will spread her legs, but have some fun. Go home tonight and whisper some nighty things to Jennifer. Watch some porn. Shit, there are sites that produce flicks aimed solely at couples. My guess is Jennifer also wants some bedroom fun. Here's a dare. I dare you to fuck her at our house tomorrow night. $500 says you won't even try. I'll make it sweeter. You do so and I'll pay up, don't do the deed then I get to call you Pussy for a week." 

I laughed in response then asked our waitress for the bill. 

"We good? I'm just having fun, but also being a bit honest. Sorry if I got too personal." 

"We're good. I'm about to miss a closing so have to run. My apologies. Oh! and Jenn texted back. We are on, so see you next Saturday," I replied then headed for the cashier and exit. 

Two things were twirling through my mind. First, how Jenn would react to the notion of fucking in someone else's house while at an intimate party. Second, could Jewel really not be the dominant type and want to be told when and how to pleasure her lover. It didn't match with my perceptions of her as she was a firecracker when it came to business and very successful. I just couldn't imagine her wanting to be told to suck my cock or dress a certain way. 

The next morning came quick after an uneventful Friday night. A little league baseball game, take-out dinner, kids to bed and then we both faded like the severely inebriated. Minor problem being we'd shared one glass of wine. Jennifer awoke early and departed for shopping with the girls and to get a new dress for next weekend's dinner party. She cutely asked me what style of dress I thought would look sexy on her. I responded, "Something short, sheer and that makes it easy for me to fuck you in." We did have our dirty talk. 

"Men. All of you are alike. I'll see what I can do. Can you help me gather the kids and their gear for their visit to my sisters? I'll be home before five-ish, then we can leave around 6:30 for the company party," Jenn advised. "And my parents are available for next weekend, they even agreed to take the kids overnight so we can really enjoy ourselves." We rounded up the troops, toys and books and loaded it all into her utility vehicle. Then she headed off. 

I had a rare morning and afternoon alone. Thoughts of various projects floated through my head, but instead I ignored them and sat on our porch enjoying the paper with fresh coffee. One of the articles must have caught my attention as I didn't hear anyone approach until she kicked the bottom of my flipflops. It startled me, and as I looked up was surprised to see Jewel standing right before me. 

Immediately, her unanswered question started binging in my head, along with Bob's read of her. Making matters worse, she wore a loose tank top with a tube top running bra underneath which didn't quite manage to conceal her erect nipples. Her shorts consisted of tight white yoga pants that came down to her knees. She looked mighty fine. 

Most of the time, I would have pretended not to notice, even though she was looking at me stare right at her banded girls. This time I just smiled, then commented, "Looking nice. How was the run?" 

"Great! Do you mind if I use your potty? Drank too much water. If your kids weren't home I'd leave the door open and hope you'd try to sneak a peek" Jewel teased as she started to open our door. 

"Of course you can use our facilities," I answered. "The family is away so use away and help yourself to water or juice in the frig." 

"So poor Mark is left all alone? Well well," Jewel uttered softly. "That is too bad, cause its possible I may not be able to control myself being around the likes of you." She then seductively wiggled her tight rear while sliding her hands down and then back up her splendid behind before she walked inside. 

I sat on the porch contemplating my position, good or bad luck and what the hell I should do. A few weeks earlier I'd failed to act, in any type of way. Today, was going to be different. I grew bold, but then didn't know what the hell to do. Shit I was pathetic. Then my discussion with Bob ran through my head. Maybe I could put our competing theories to test Mr. Bob's theory. This would be a small step, fun and fairly safe I thought. 

I stood up and walked into the house. Jewel was coming from the kitchen with a glass of ice water in her hand. Forcing myself to be more of what I thought, and not acting how I perceived I should act, I smiled then spoke up. 

"Jewel?" 

"Yeah?" she promptly replied looking into my eyes. 

Trying to keep my voice firm I asked, "Your outfit is sexy. I think it would look better without any panties or bra. Would you please do me a favor and go to the restroom and take them off?" 

"Anything for you Mark." Jewel replied and sauntered off to the restroom. 

It seemed like she was gone for ten or fifteen minutes, but I'm sure it was less than five. During this time I kept thinking what an idiot I was. Anyone could stop by at any moment, including my wife or a neighbor. They surely would wonder why the hell she was minimally covered and then what if they found her discarded sports bra and panties. 

And then, she emerged. The loose tank top swaying with each step revealing the arc of her torso as it eased down to her hips and side glimpses of her firm breasts. Her nipples were obviously erect. My eyes ventured further down and my mouth opened. The white spandex shorts came to her knees beautifully outlining her tone legs. Her hip bones jutted out to compliment her flat abdomen, and sexiest of all was how the shiny material highlighted her female parts with a noticeable camel toe. 

I sat on our sofa, then instructed, "Come here. Stand before me." 

She did as I asked. I spread my knees apart and she scooted forward even closer. With my right hand I reached out and placed my fingertips just above her the outside of her knee only lightly making contact with her silky shorts. I inched my hand upwards, when they got to her hips, I instructed her to slow turn around. 

As Jewel made the pivot my fingers came into direct contact with her ass. I made a large circle, feeling its plump tightness and then drew one finger gently down the crack of her ass. Not stopping until I could feel the heat of her genitalia. I told her to again turn around. After doing so, I continued my tracings, but this time my finger wondered up her abdomen and underneath her baggy tank top. My fingers glided over her ribs up to the bottom of her right breast where I changed directions and began a spiral of circles that ended at her nipple. I pinched its hardness firmly, pulling out a bit and then performed the same procedure on her left breast. 

Jewel's breathing had escalated as I teased her. I continued to lightly touch her, dragging the tips of my fingers down her ribs, over her hips and down to the outside of her knee. Then I brought my hand across her knee, and onto her inner thigh. Slowly, I inched my fingers upwards. When I came to the camel toe area I reduced my touch to one fingertip. Lightly going up one lip, then down the other and the several small circles around the camel toe. Finally, I rested my finger at the base of her pussy crack and stopped. 

"Jewel, I want you to pull up your running pants so they hug your pussy even tighter," I instructed. She complied without hesitation. Then I pushed my finger deeply into her crack until the thin material completely halted my progress. The spandex quickly became wet. With agonizing slowness, I moved my finger higher until it bumped against her clit. Slowly, I began to massage it. 

Her face was reddening, and she'd begun to breathe heavily. As my finger teased her clit, Jewel pushed her hips forward. I responded by pulling my finger away, then raising it to her lips. "Kiss my finger, then suck on it," I requested. 

She complied and after twenty seconds I returned my finger to her growing wet spot. Most of my attention was focused on a soft, but growing ever firmer, rubbing of her clit and occasionally dipping lower and inwards. I was also heating up. For years I'd dreamed of how sweet it would be to play with her, and now the dream was unfolding. 

After a few minutes of this I stood, our bodies almost touching, and whispered to Jewel, "Kiss me." 

She instantly complied. First our lips just touched softly, then slowly parted giving way to a tender kiss. Tentatively, our tongues touched and within a minute we were sweetly exploring lips, tongue and beyond. Her lips were soft, rosy and firm. They responded perfectly. Not instant face sucking. Instead, a kiss that started slow, and adeptly built up steam and eventually caught on fire. I too began to thrust my hips, gyrating into her crotch and hip as I used the heel of my thumb to ever more forcefully rub against her clit. 

I couldn't wait any more, and dove my hand straight down her pants and began to explore her sex in earnest. Her juices were unique. A little thicker then I'd experienced before, and slicker. With two fingers I parted her lips and easily slipped a finger into her while we made out. Then I slide my thumb down and pushed it into her. She'd began to almost whimper which motivated me further. 

"Take off your shorts!," I commanded and as Jewel did so I twisted her tank top so that her tits were now exposed. They were gorgeous. Faint freckles lined her chest and almost marched all the way up to her nipples. I'd always fancied freckles on a ladies bare chest and tits. I lowered my mouth and drew in her nipple, while I groped her other tit with my free hand. I molested her breasts for a minute or so then returned to our kissing, as my right hand rubbed and stroked her pussy, while my left hand felt and squeezed her delicious ass. 

Our kissing grew more frantic, and as it did I shoved fingers deep into her pussy. Her tightness was surprising and as I pushed them up knuckle deep into her whimpering become much less subtle. A minute later I felt her hand fondle with the button and zipper of my shorts, and then they dropped. She pulled my cock out of my underwear and began to rub its length while teasing my cock head with her thumb. Pre-cum fluid oozed out of my cock. 

Her efforts pushed me to a different level. I knew that if I didn't control myself I'd explode in her hand. Who could blame such an early release given the long years I'd fantasized about this moment. To regain composure, I used the trick of thinking about something else to delay what was soon going to happen. As we continued to kiss I thought of Bob, and how he seemed to be spot on with regards to Jewel's desires. She loved to be submissive. A subservient. I thought of how I could learn to love such a toy, then I thought of the dinner party and the sexuality component. Things could get interesting. As we kissed and felt up each other's bodies an idea entered my head. It was wicked, but at that moment wicked was wonderful. 

I pushed my underwear down to my ankles, then reached both hands around Jewel's ass and picked her up. We continued to kiss, and as we did so I lined up her slit opening with the tip of my cock then slowly sat back onto the couch and proceeded to guide her onto me. Her weight pushed her pussy down onto my cock to the hilt. As I bottomed out, we froze for a bit, just staring into each other's eyes. After more kissing, slowly she began to move up and down, gently riding me as she grinded her clit against my pelvis. We kissed and slowly fucked for several minutes. 

Slowly I brought our kissing to an end, then instructed her. "You don't get to cum yet, Jewel. No matter what I do, you cannot cum. Understand?" I asked. 

"Yes, anything you want," she softly responded. 
