 Carla awoke as the sun streamed through the apartment window. She stretched, rolled up on one elbow and looked down at the sleeping Darryl and beyond to their lover, Leanne. Last night had been rather surprising. Though the assault on Darryl had gone off exactly as planned, Carla's reaction to it was, in the morning light, not what she'd expected.

The "problem" was that Darryl was just so little, barely 5'5" and very slight. He was so smooth that from the rear he looked like a tall 12-year-old though there was nothing immature about his front, no indeed! Not that he was hung like a horse or anything, but a normal cock on a small man looks bigger than it really is. Carla, then, had always seen him as a small, effeminate-looking guy who really needed to acknowledge his feminine side. It had come as a mighty surprise when, after the two women had ravished his ass, he'd returned the favor forcefully, very forcefully! Maybe he wasn't so meek, after all. Remembering her anal mauling, Carla's nipples began to rise to attention. Though her breasts weren't more than about an A -cup, the nipples thereupon could stick out a good half inch when she was aroused and she was getting more aroused and more erect by the minute.

And speaking of erect, Darryl had rolled over onto his back and made a noise in his sleep that might have been a moan and might have been a whimper. To Carla it looked like someone else was remembering the events of the previous evening because his manhood was fully engorged and sticking straight up his stomach. The sight struck something within her and Carla, who had been the butch to Leanne since they'd met, began to wonder if there might be someone else who needed to get in touch with a feminine side. To put it bluntly, she was wet, horny and, for a change, feeling receptive. That last hadn't happened in so long, she'd almost forgotten what it felt like.

Gently tossing back the sheet, Carla lowered her mouth to Darryl's crotch and delicately began to run the tip of her tongue up and down the underside of his erection. Then, as he came to delighted consciousness, she grabbed his shoulders and rolled onto her back. "Come here, stud," she purred.

Darryl started a bit in confusion but there was no way he was going to lose this opportunity. He'd wanted to get into the taller woman's pants ever since his girlfriend Leanne has introduced him to her "roommate" and now that the chance had arrived, he intended to take full advantage. Lifting her legs, he placed one knee behind each muscular buttock and drove himself to the hilt into her waiting sex. Lifting himself onto his elbows, he found to his delight that his mouth was now perfectly in line with her hardened nipples. Alternately slathering them with his tongue and sucking on them, hard, he soon had Carla shuddering and moaning. "Darryl, oh God, sweetie! Keep it up, keep it uuuuuuup . . .!

The third inhabitant of the king-size bed now roused and, raising an amused eyebrow, Leanne beheld the scene. Her boyfriend was industriously fucking her girlfriend! Now that was different! Usually it was one or the other fucking her. Perhaps a change of plans might have to be considered. Originally, Carla had insisted that Darryl was the perfect choice for conversion into an androgyne, a bisexual individual equally appealing to masculine gays and feminists looking for a more sensitive, "New Age" lover. Now it appeared that the worm had turned. Darryl was settling into a steady rhythm of long, driving strokes Leanne knew only too well. He did this to her on a regular basis, usually for an hour or more. By the time he finally did decide to climax, Leanne could very well have breakfast made though whether Carla would be in any condition to enjoy it was another question. Already the athlete was starting to throw her head back and forth as orgasm after orgasm wracked her. Watching the unexpected events, Leanne slid out from under the covers and walked around to the foot of the bed to watch Darryl's slick, glistening member piston in and out of Carla's welcoming snatch. 

To Leanne's amazement, he was ramming her bareback. For as long as she'd known Carla, the dominant woman had had an almost obsessive insistence on condoms on any of those rare occasions when she'd decided that what she needed that night was male. Now, worked up to a rolling orgasm that went on and on, Carla was laid open for possible motherhood. Rather than being alarmed, Leanne was intrigued with the possibilities. If Darryl knocked Carla up, he would be a gentleman and insist on marrying her and unknown to Carla, when Darryl got insistent the response of "No", wasn't an option. More than once her usually mild lover had gotten his back up, set an emphatic jaw and run right over her protests. It was one of those things that she found so endearing. Darryl might look like a mouse but that didn't mean he couldn't roar!

Folding her arms under the pale globes on her chest, Leanne began to consider the potential. If Carla got pregnant and found herself married to Darryl, then she, Leanne, could be the resident mistress to them both in the ultimate manage a trois. With Darryl's considerable financial acumen and connections in the investment banking circles, he could easily support a large family and with his considerable talents in the bedroom he could easily make sure he had a large family to support. She and Carla could take turns having babies and each of the three could take turns baby-sitting while the other two played grownup games under the covers . . . or on top of them, for that matter.

As the scenario played itself out in Leanne's imagination, Darryl was picking up the pace a bit and Carla was, to put it bluntly, being driven mad. There was a good possibility that she would just black out before Darryl came and then he would either become alarmed, jump off and call for help or withdraw and turn his virile attentions to Leanne. That could spoil everything, however fun it might be. If Leanne got pregnant she knew full well that Carla wouldn't take up the role of alternate mommy. Preemptive action was required.

It was then that her eye wandered to the strap-on harness and dildo that Carla had used on Darryl the previous evening. Leanne had been "sandwiched" a couple of times in the past, before she met either Carla or Darryl. It had been exciting but the idea bothered her from the standpoint of gender politics. In other words, why was it that in MMF threesomes the woman got penetrated twice but in MFF threesomes the man penetrated both? This gross unfairness stopped Leanne from letting more than one person inside her at a time, no matter who they were. Silly, perhaps, but that's the way she felt about it and she stuck to her convictions. Now the option of somewhat turning the tables lay before her. Of course, if having her dildo nail Darryl in the prostate made him climax and Carla did get pregnant that would make Leanne sort of an accessory, even sort of an assistant parent. She liked that idea!

Pulling the black leather up around her fleshy thighs and sliding the "top's" end of the dildo into her now dripping and engorged pussy, Leanne crawled up between the pairs of legs before her. Liberally covering the plastic end with KY, she waited until Darryl was all the way into Carla and then placed its head right against the man's puckered star. He had no choice but to either stop fucking Carla or to impale himself on Leanne's dildo. Without missing a stroke he backed up and Leanne was treated to the sight of her marbled purple, silicone dildo disappearing into Darryl's ass. His previous night's violation stood him in good stead as his sphincter muscles opened easily and Leanne's pelvis bottomed out on his buttocks. Now he really shifted gears. Growling and panting, Darryl drove faster and faster into Carla's swollen pussy and Leanne kept pace behind him until all three of them screamed, howled and shrieked into climax,then collapsed. 

Some time later, they all disentangled themselves and silently showered and dressed. Without a word the three lovers made their way to the nearest coffee shop and over strong coffee and piles of pancakes considered each other.

"You're probably pregnant, you know," teased Leanne. 

"It's really not the right time of the month" replied Carla, "but anyway that wasn't fair, you two ganging up on me like that."

"Excuse me? Two against one is unfair?" Darryl's face was unreadable. "I think it was just a case of sauce for the gander being sauce for the goose! Besides, you started it." A grin broke out. "Not that the idea of your being pregnant isn't fraught with possibilities." Turning to Leanne his grin became a leer. "But so is the idea of another two against one!"

"Yeah," retorted Carla focusing on Leanne's ample cleavage and licking her lips "isn't it!"