 It was the Friday afternoon, before the Holiday Weekend, and I was driving the car to the ‘Biker Rally’ and ‘Rock Festival’, when I realised that I had a ‘slow puncture’. My husband, Craig, had set off earlier, on his new Honda 750.

My mobile phone couldn’t receive a signal, so all I could do was sit by the side of the road; smoke a cigarette and wait for help.

After 20 minutes, I heard a familiar noise, in the distance.

In seconds, seven Harleys cruised around the leafy bend. Seeing my distress, the bikes pulled up next to me.

“Need a hand?” he drawled, as he pushed his goggles up, onto his helmet.

“Shit!” They were a group of Desperadoes. Craig had said that they might attend this year, as one of their favourite bands was playing on the Saturday night. We’d seen them a couple of years previously, at a different rally, when they had ransacked a beer tent, and beat up some security guards. 

“Em,” I stuttered, “I’ve got a flat, and can’t get the nuts off.”

He took his helmet off, and shook his hair. Looking straight at me with his piercing blue eyes, he drawled, “Let me have a look.” 

As he began working on the wheel, his friends wandered around, stretching their legs and adjusting the bags on the back of their bikes.

He was about 50, over 6ft. and dressed in scruffy, denim and leather. His denim jacket was covered in badges, with a huge skull, in the centre. He had long shaggy, greying hair, which matched a big, fluffy Van Dyke beard. When he took off his jacket, his arms were covered in intricate tattoos, and when his hair moved, I could see six or seven rings in each ear.  

“Smoke?” A tall, fat, bald man asked, as he offered his cigarettes. I was shaking as he lit my cigarette. “I’m sorry, it’s just that…. You know……I thought……oh shit! I’m sorry!” I was flustered and frightened.

As I said this, two of the gang were standing beside my car, pissing into the bushes. As they shook them dry, I realised that I was staring at their cocks. One of them was massive, and appeared to have a tattoo on it. Catching my eye, he waved it in my direction, and laughed out loud. “Do you want a better look at The Snake?” He roared. I quickly turned away. I was feeling very vulnerable, as this gang of hardnuts surrounded me.

“Are you going to the festival?” The first guy asked, as he finished tightening the wheel nuts, on the spare.

“Yes. We go every year.” I continued, “My husband has gone ahead, on his bike. I’m taking the food and camping things.”

“Lucky guy.” He said, as he wiped his hands on his jeans, staring at my large breasts, “What bike has he got?” he asked. I grinned, “A red one!” He smiled as he raised his eyebrows. “That tyre will get you there, but you’ll need to replace it pretty soon.”

“What do I owe you?” I asked. “Buy me a beer when you get to the Festival.” He said as he got back onto his bike. With a wave, they roared off, down the road.

When I drove onto the field, Craig was already there, drinking beer with friends of ours. They were amazed when I recounted my story. As they had been drinking for a couple of hours, they began making up stories about me being a real ‘biker babe’, and what my initiation ceremony had been. 

We set our tent up, watched a couple of bands and drank late into the night, around the campfire. As the night went on, Craig became more and more excited about my brush with the Desperadoes.

The following day was very hot and sunny, so I chose to wear my denim shorts with a bikini top. 

We met loads of friends, as the campsite filled up. Craig regaled everyone with my ‘Desperadoes’ story.

In the middle of the afternoon, as Craig and his pals looked at the bike display, I wandered down to the stage, with my friend Polly, who was wearing tight jeans and a white vest. As we stood around, Polly nudged me, “Are these your new friends?” A group of Desperadoes were pushing their way through the small crowd.

“Hey! Tyre lady!” The one called ‘Snake’ shouted as he recognised me. I could have died with embarrassment, as people turned to see who he was shouting at. “Look! It’s the tyre lady!” He barged his way towards me. “Sexy tyre lady!” he whistled, as he stared at my (34d) breasts, which were just say staying in my red bikini top. He threw his arms around me, and forcibly kissed me on the lips. Shocked, all I could think of was the taste of stale beer and cigarettes on his tongue, as it poked into my mouth. “I’m Polly!” Polly announced. Snake grabbed her by the waist and kissed her, full on the lips, too. Polly threw her arms around him, and matched his kiss. “Hello! Polly!” The biker laughed. 

With his arm around me waist, and his thumb in my waistband, he was squeezing my bum cheek, as he introduced us to the other gang members, Egg, Popeye, JJ, Fat Bob, Woody and Bubble. He made Polly laugh, and me blush when he told them that I had stared at his cock, when he had took a piss. “She only saw it when it was a Grass snake – wait until she sees it when it’s a Spitting Cobra!” He looked at me, as he chuckled, making his friends roar. “Come on, let’s go and see Crow, you owe him a beer.”

Polly and I loved the attention we received as we walked through the crowd, with Snakes arms curled around our waists, and occasionally grabbing a handful of soft tit.

“Crow! Look what I’ve found! The Tyre Lady and a friend!” Snake shouted when we approached the Desperadoes campsite. 

“Hi!” and like Snake before him, he greeted me with a full kiss on the lips. Polly was amazed as I willingly returned the kiss, pressing my face into his beard. My fear the previous day had subsided, and the churning feeling, in my stomach, was now mixed with excitement.

Their campsite was a mess, with bikes and vans parked at random. Beer cans and bottles were littered everywhere.

“Do you want a beer?” Crow asked, as he handed us a couple of bottles. I sat on the grass, next to his bike, and chatted. Crow asked what Craig had said, about him changing the flat tyre. When I told him, that Craig wanted to meet him, he invited us over, for a party, when the bands finished, that night. As I got up to leave, I looked around for Polly, but couldn’t see her. “Polly, we’ve got to go!” I shouted. A van door opened, and Polly climbed out, looking dishevelled, fastening the fly buttons on her jeans, followed by Snake. “WOW!” she sighed, with a big grin on her face.

“Polly! You dirty cow!” I laughed, “What will Nicky say?” Grabbing my arm, she whispered, conspiratorially “What he doesn’t know, won’t hurt him. Will it?” “Anyway, it was only a wank, and a bit of fingering!”

We walked back to our husbands rocking with laughter, as she described wanking Snakes, huge tattooed, cock. 

Craig and Nicky were very excited when I told them that we had been invited to the Desperadoes party.

Knowing that we were going to the party afterwards, I wore a pair of boots, short leather skirt and a leather waistcoat. Polly wore her leather trousers with a velvet shirt.

The bands were excellent, and the place really rocked. Polly and I danced like crazy, and the guys kept us supplied with beer and JD. By 11 o’clock I was quite drunk.

“Tyre Lady! Polly!” Snake greeted us with his customary ‘full on’ kisses, which lasted over a minute, each. I threw my arms around his shoulders and ground my crotch into his. His hands were all over my arse. “Do you still want to come over for a party?” He asked. I looked at our husbands, who nodded agreement. “Let the party commence!” He shouted, as he put his arms around our waists, and led the way to their campsite. Craig and Nicky meekly followed like puppy dogs.

As we walked, Snake slipped his hand up the front of my waistcoat, and tickled my fleshy tit. When I didn’t complain, he let out an almighty howl. His fingers were now, playing with my erect nipple, I was so drunk I didn’t care that my husband was only three paces behind. “That feels good!” I whispered, kissing him on his dirty cheek. He then turned his attention to Polly, who seemed just as game as I was.

On the way we met Egg, and a couple of other gang members, who talked about bikes with our husbands, while Snake openly played with our tits, shocking some ‘regular bikers’ as we passed. 

When we entered the field, there were about 100men and women congregated around a large fire, in the middle. A massive Ghetto Blaster on top of a bike was pumping out loud rock music. About 20 people were already dancing. Two bikes were cruising around with half naked girls on the back.

“Crow! Look who wants to party!” Snake hollered. A smile slowly broke across Crows face, as he disentangled himself from a teenage girl.

“Tyre Lady. I didn’t expect to see you here tonight.” He said with his slow, drawling voice. He pulled himself to his feet, to greet me.

The fire lit up his face. He was ruggedly handsome. His long, grey, hair and Van Dyke beard looked especially sexy. As the light flickered, I noticed scars along his forehead, and down his left cheek. He was wearing leather trousers and a denim jacket with his ‘colours’ on. The jacket was unbuttoned, exposing a hairy muscled chest that was covered with an eagle tattoo.

“Who’s this? Your husband?” I could barely make out what he said. “Yes. Yes. This is Craig and Nicky. He’s Polly’s husband.” For a moment, I’d completely forgot about my husband.

Thankfully Craig was so drunk and so in awe of the Desperadoes, I don’t think that he’d noticed. Crow did one of those ‘fancy handshakes’ with Craig and Nicky, and kissed both Polly and I on the lips.

“Drinks for my friends,” he commanded no one in particular. In seconds beer and bourbon arrived, served by the teenage girl. 

Crow and JJ stood talking to my husband, about bikes (!) while Polly and I started dancing with Snake and Woody, who was completely ‘out of it’ on more than just booze. 

As we danced they ground their crotches against us and played with our tits. Snake slid his hands up my skirt to squeeze my arse and French kissed me. Although he still stunk of stale beer and grease, he was really turning me on, and I think Woody was having the same effect on Polly. 

After 30 minutes of dancing, I saw Craig and Nick toking on large spliffs with JJ and some others.

“I need a drink,” I told Snake, so we stopped dancing and went to a van, to get a beer. 

As I took a swig, Snake took a couple of pills and offered me one. “What’s this?” I asked. “Only an E. It’ll make you feel pretty good.” As I swallowed it, he pressed his face between my heaving tits, licking the sweat that had formed there, and then started licking my globes. I did nothing to stop him. His tongue ran up and over my neck, until he was kissing me full on the lips. I threw my arms around him, as our tongues wrestled in our mouths. In one swift move he popped the press-studs on my top, exposing my tits for him to grab, and everyone else to see. One of his hands roughly squeezed them, as the other disappeared up the back of my skirt He rubbed my arse and tugged at my G-String, making the gusset seesaw between my legs. I dropped my can as his head dipped back down to my tits. Snakes mouth hovered over my left nipple, as he flicked it with his tongue. I let out a soft moan, “Aaagh.” His hot mouth was now covering my tit, and he began suckling like a baby. My moaning became louder, as my nipples can be very sensitive.

I became aware of a second pair of hands, playing with my tits, as a second biker joined us. My head was buzzing from the E that I had taken. The watching crowd cheered as he slid my top down my arms, while Snake lifted my skirt around my waist, exposing my bright red thong. Their hands were now all over me, squeezing and rubbing my hot, sweaty flesh. For some reason, exposing myself, like this, to a gang of bikers was turning me on like never before. “Do you want to see the Snake!” Snake asked. Unable to stop myself, I nodded vigorously. He stepped back, and began to unbuckle his belt. The one behind me held one hand around my waist, pulling me into his groin, which he was now rotating into my arse-cheeks, while the other hand squeezed my tits. I was panting with anticipation as he unbuttoned his flies, and his jeans dropped to his knees. 

Taking a step nearer, and waving to the other guy, to let me go, he ordered, “Take it out!”

My eyes shot around the crowd that had gathered. Polly had disappeared, with Woody, and my husband was nowhere to be seen. About 30 guys and a couple of young girls where leering, as they surrounded us.

His cock was un-missable as it completely filled the front of his dirty grey pants. I sank to my knees, and put my fingers in the waistband of his grey pants.

To the cheers of the crowd I unleashed ‘the Snake’. My God! Polly was right. It was amazing. It was about 10 inches long, as thick as my wrist and completely tattooed to look like a snake! His huge hairy balls swung below, like a coconut.

Automatically, I ran my fingers along the shaft, from his balls to the purple tip. 

“Make her suck it!” Someone shouted. I didn’t need telling twice. Curling my hands around it, I pulled his cock into my mouth. It may have looked huge, but I love sucking cock, and this didn’t scare me. I had managed to take in the first two or three inches, when I felt hands groping my tits, again. 

“Keep sucking, Tyre Lady!” Snake shouted, as he held my head in place. I wasn’t going to stop!

The feeling of having this monster in my mouth was fantastic, as I sucked and licked, while two, other; men grabbed and squeezed my throbbing tits, and buttocks.

Subconsciously, I parted my legs, for better balance. The men took immediate advantage, and their hands went straight between my legs, pulling my pants to one side. Making me shudder as their fingers slid over, along and into my soaking cunt. Within seconds both men were fingering me. I was so wet; they slid in with ease. 

Their fingers went in so deep, it was just like being fucked. My sucking became faster and faster, as I jerked my hips to meet their probing. “Yes! Yes! Faster! Faster!” Snake was calling out, as my hands became a blur rubbing his shaft and balls. Snake grabbed my head and forced an extra inch or so in as he shot his load. Chunks of hot, salty, spunk exploded in my mouth. My chest was heaving with excitement as I slowly squeezed his shaft, as he withdrew from my mouth, spilling his seed onto my chin and neck. I swallowed as much as possible, but there was so much; some dribbled from my lips, much to Snakes amusement.

Snake stepped back, making me fall forward, onto my hands. 

I was now on all fours, still with two sets of fingers filling my cunt. As I got my breath back, I realised that I was so wet and horny, one of them had a finger in my arse as well! 

“My turn now!” Egg announced. His jeans and pants were already around his ankles, as he waddled towards me. He was bald, disgustingly fat and had a small cock poking out from under his belly. I didn’t care! I needed more cock! 

Whoever was behind me had now ripped my G-String off, for better access.

Egg knelt in front of me, and offered himself to me. Taking hold of his fat hips, and resting on my elbows, I swallowed his complete cock. It was nothing compared to Snake, but it was a cock – I didn’t care. 

Because of his size and the angle that I was at, he went straight to the back of my mouth. Egg moved his fat arse in rhythm with the guys who were fingering my cunt and arse. He roughly grabbed my tits, kneading them like dough, and tugging at my hard nipples. Within a couple of minutes of my body rocking backwards and forwards, Egg speeded up, and fired his load straight down my throat. It was as hot as Snakes, but not as lumpy. As Egg slid out, he fired the last few drops onto my face, making it run down my nose. The crowd had swelled now, and they cheered louder than before.

“Shit man, I need a blow job! ” One of the voices behind me, announced, as he removed his fingers from my cunt, which was now swollen and bloated.

I looked up to see my husband, stoned out of his head, getting a blow job from the girl that had been with Crow, earlier. 

Bubble, who appeared to be the youngest gang member, knelt in front of me, aiming a rock hard, 7- inch cock at my mouth. Smiling at him, I ran my tongue along the tip, licking his pre-cum that was already oozing out. He ran his fingers through my hair as I took my third cock of the night into my mouth. 

Whoever was fingering me, stopped, but quickly replaced his digits with a cock. The force of his first thrusts made me choke on Bubbles cock. They were so worked up nothing was going to stop them. 

For a few seconds Bubble slowed down, but when I had regained my composure, they fucked both ends of me with a vengeance. Just like Egg, before him, Bubbles cock was sliding straight down into my throat, as his mate fucked me like a wild animal. I was in ecstasy, as the one who was filling my dripping, swollen cunt was also poking his finger into my arsehole.  I wanted to scream with pleasure, but my mouth was full with Bubbles cock. As the one behind me began to speed up, he slid a second finger into my arse. I’d never let my husband touch me there before, but I was now moving past ecstasy, as I could feel his fingers touch his cock through the thin membrane inside my bottom. His fucking and fingering were so good; I let Bubble slip out of my mouth, as I arched my back. The sudden movement made him send a torrent of lovely white spunk cascading onto my face and wobbling tits. 

I had to rub my aching clit as the man fucking me dug his finger deeper into my arse, making me scream when I orgasmed. This made him come, too, flooding my already soaking cunt with gallons of spunk. 

As I was still on all fours, someone had thrown us a large rolled up sleeping bag for me to lie across.

I tried to collapse into a heap, but Bubble and his friend, were instantly replaced by another two, then another two, then another two, each one filling my mouth, cunt or arse with their seed. There was so much spunk in me, it was pouring down my legs, as if I’d pissed myself, and I was swallowing so much it began to taste like milk!

I looked up to see Polly standing next to Woody, who was openly playing with her small tits, grinning at me. She was only wearing her green velvet shirt, which was unbuttoned, exposing her tits and fanny. When our eyes met, she rubbed her pubes and raised her eyebrows, indicating that she had just had a good fucking, too. 

“You’ve had your fun, now it’s my turn.” I recognised the voice. It was Crow.

As Crow positioned himself behind me, he quickly pushed his knob into my sopping hole. I soon realised that he had a ‘monster cock’, like Snake. It felt wonderful as he banged away, stretching me even further than the two sets of fingers had. After 5 minutes or so of fabulous fucking, he stopped and eased himself out. I was disappointed that he hadn’t come, and wanted to turn around to see what the problem was, but I had two swollen cocks trying to force their way into my mouth. 

My head was spinning, as I heard laughter and a cheer. Suddenly something cold and wet splashed onto my arse, and ran down the crack of my cheeks. His fingers teased my, little, brown hole, which was still stretched from the earlier fingering and fucking. He easily slid a finger in, upto a knuckle, then a little further. Then a second, all the way in. The painful experience was wonderful, I had never given anal sex a thought, before, but tonight, I couldn’t get enough. My fingers had just started to play with my slimy clit, when he, sharply, withdrew his fingers and cock. The pain was just about to send me over the edge, to orgasm, when I heard another cheer, followed by more cold liquid and even more intense pain, as he forced his cock into the entrance of my stretched anus. The guys that I was sucking began to laugh, as they swigged from cans of beer. They both took their cocks away and crudely wanked them between my soft, heaving tits, which already had the spunk of four or five other guys dripping from them. I rubbed my clit, to three or four simultaneous orgasms as Crow forced his cock all of the way up my tiny hole. He was so far in; I could feel his pubes rubbing against the soft skin of my cheeks. 
