 Since I was turning 40 this month, my lovely wife Diane was excited about planning a big party for me. I explained to her that I really wasn't up for a big party but would rather just go out to dinner with her and spend a quiet evening afterward relaxing in the hot tub and making love to her by the fireplace. With much reluctance she finally gave in to my wishes. 

A couple days before my birthday as we were getting ready for bed Di asked me, "If you could have any fantasy fulfilled sexually, what would it be?"

I said, " I've always wondered what it would be like to have sex with 2 or 3 woman at the same time."

Knowing Di to be very conservative, that was the last fantasy I thought she would ever think about trying to fulfill. Or so I thought!

It was great that my birthday came on a Saturday so we wouldn't feel rushed but could relax and take our time. We ended up going to AppleBee's restaurant for dinner. After 3 drinks and a great meal we passed on dessert not knowing that the dessert awaiting me was more than any man could hope for.

Di said the hot tub was ready and all I needed to do was pour us some drinks and get the fire started in the fireplace. She went upstairs to change into her suit and I headed to the kitchen to make our drinks. After making the drinks and getting the fire started in the fireplace, I headed outside to take the cover off the hot tub. To my surprise the cover was already off, so I undressed and climbed in. Just after getting in and putting the drinks in the cupholders Di comes out in the most revealing bikini I have ever seen.

"I see that you like what I'm wearing or should I say your cock approves of my suit" Di said.

I have to admit that seeing her in that outfit gave me an instant harodn. What guy wouldn't.

The bra part was so small that it barely covered her nipples and the bottoms were more like dental floss. The opening of her pussy was about all that was covered as the outer lips were showing out the sides. 

"I bought this last week at Victoria Secrets. It's really not a bathing suit but I didn't think you'd mind."

"Not at all, it looks great on you! You'd have every cock at a attention if you wore that to the beach," I said.

"You never know, I just might take you up on that just to see if you're right. but for now I'll be content to see your gorgeous cock, " Di said. And with that she climbed in and sat down next to me. Reaching over she grabbed my cock in her hand and slowly began to stroke it. 

"I have a nice surprise for you so you have to promise me you won't cum until later, OK?"

"Can you give me a hint, " I asked.

"Lets just say that it will be a more memorable birthday than you can imagine," she said.

After hanging out in the hot tub for about 30 minutes Di was anxious to go inside and present me with her surprise. 

"It's in front of the fireplace, but I want to blindfold you first and you can't take it off until I tell you, OK?

"Whatever you want babe," I said.

So into the living room we go with me blindfolded. She faces me to the wall with my back to the fireplace

Then she walks over to the fireplace and after about 20 seconds gives me the ok to turn around.

"OK take off the blind. Happy Birthday babe!"

I can't begin to describe what I saw as I took off the blind. Sitting side by side next to my wife were my neighbor Tammi and her daughter Andrea. But was most amazing was that not one of them had any clothes on and they were sitting so as to give me the greatest view of their pussy.

Needless to say, I don't think my cock could have gotten any bigger than it was right then.

"Happy Birthday Mr.K," Andrea said.

"Diane asked me and Andrea to cum over and help you celebrate your 40th birthday, I hope it's OK with you?" Tammi asked.

"But there is a little twist to this that we need to explain," said Di. "You have three cards on the table, an Ace , a 2, and a 3. They correspond to where you'll be allowed to cum inside of us.

The Ace allows you to only cum in our mouth, the 2 allows you to cum in our ass, and the 3 allows you to cum in our cunt. Once you draw a card and assign it to one of us, you can only cum in that persons hole that the card is assigned. You can't look at the cards, you can only assign them to us and then we reveal where you'll be allowed to cum in us.

"Are you ready to begin? I think your cock is ready to explode."says Di.

"I think I'm about to explode too, this seems to good to be true."

"Ok, place one card in front of each of our pussies face down first."

I take the 3 cards and place them right next to each of the women's pussy like Di had instructed me.

"Now before we tell you which hole it is that you'll be allowed to cum in, each of us will tell you where we hope it is you'll deposit your love juices.

Andrea you go first."

"For the past five years I have seen you tanning in your backyard with those skimpy thongs on. And I have to tell you that there was many a time when I masturbated watching you lay there

wondering what your cock would feel like buried deep inside my pussy. A couple of times I thought you saw me because you got a huge hard on laying there. And I enjoyed teasing you in my skimpy thong bikini when I would come over to swim. So I am really hoping that I get the card the allows you to cum in my pussy."

"Tammi your turn, says Di.

" I have to say that I have seen you naked on occasion when you were tanning on your deck

and you have no idea the turn on it was for me. I imagined taking your cock in my mouth and sucking every last drop of cum from it. But it's my hope that I get the card the lets you cum in my ass. I have never taken a man in my ass and I think I'm ready for it."

"And sweetheart I too want you to fuck me in the ass as well. I know how you've always wondered what it felt like and I think tonight would be the night that I'd like to try it as well."

So now is the moment you find out where you get to cum inside each of us...

To be continued...