 Before we get started, I need to go upstairs and get a few props that will help us enjoy the evening. Be right back.

As I left to go upstairs the ladies looked at the cards and switched them around so that each one would get their choice. Unbeknownst to me.

Upon returning, I had all three ladies get on all fours, then one by one I allowed them to look at my cock up close and give it a lick or two. Then I had them turn over on their backs as I tasted each one of their beautiful pussies. I have to say that each woman had her own distinct flavor. But I mostly enjoyed licking Andrea's cunt, as it was much younger and yet to be stretched by childbirth.

After the sampling, we were ready to begin. For the first scenario, Andrea was going to suck my cock while Di lay underneath her and eat Andrea's pussy. Tammi was going to

fuck Di's pussy with one of the vibrators I had brought down.

It didn't take long for Andrea to start the action. As I stood in front of her, she couldn't wait to start sucking the precum from the head of my cock. 

"Yum, I can't wait to taste the real stuff," she said. "Your first hole is fill is mine. Your to fuck my mouth and fill me with your cum and I will be the obedient slave girl who drinks the nectar from your cock."

"Then suck the nectar you must," I said. And with that she sucked on my cock like a wild woman. Between Diane's sucking of Andrea's pussy and Andrea sucking away on my cock, it didn't take Andrea long to accomplish her goal. We both came violently at the same time. I grabbed her head and buried my cock into her throat as I erupted with spurt after spurt of my cum. And Andrea accepted every drop of my love juice.

As Diane and Tammi smiled that I had finished my first filling, they decided to do a little 69 as me and Andrea recovered from our orgasms. I could tell that Tammi was enjoying herself immensely as she lapped at Di's pussy. And to help things along, I lubbed up

Tammi's ass with a little K-Y and inserted some anal beads. The ladies lasted about 5 more minutes before both of them came and as Tammi came, I had Andrea pull the anal beads out slowly.

"Oh my God, that was incredible," Tammi said. "I am going to have to get me a set of these. That was unreal." "I can only imagine what a cock must feel like there."

"And it just so happens that that is where you must fill the next hole," she said with a big smile on her face.

"I'll get us some drinks while you ladies recuperate from your orgasms.

"Andrea, while I am gone, give Diane's and Tammi's pussy a good clean-up.

I'm sure you'll do a commendable job with that vacuum cleaner of a mouth that you have."

"Gladly, I have never tasted another woman's juices but mine, so it will be a real treat."