 As I returned with the drinks for the ladies, Andrea's face was glistening with the juices from Diane and Tammi's cunt. They were quite pleased with the cleanup job that she had done. I handed them their drinks and almost immediately Tammi sat up and pulled me to her.

"I 'm more interested in the liquid you have for me in this gorgeous cock of yours."

"I don't know how much juice you can get from it right now, Tammi. Your daughter sucked a hefty load there a few minutes ago."

"Well I can at least get it ready for my anal encounter, can't I?" And with that she took my cock in her mouth and started using her tongue to get me hard again. I couldn't believe the finesse with which she played with my cock. I was rock hard again in no time.

I had Tammi lay over the edge of the couch in preparation for her anal pleasuring. I had Diane lube up Tammi's ass .As she rubbed the K-Y on her hole she teased Tammi by sticking her finger slightly inside her.

"Oh yes, that feels wonderful," Tammi said.

"That's only the beginning, wait to you feel the size of his cock inside that beautiful little ass of yours. Then you'll know what wonderful really feels like," says Diane. 

I placed the tip of my cock against her ass and teased her a little. I'd just start to enter her and then I would pull it back. I knew that once I entered her it wouldn't take me long to cum. Especially in her virgin ass that has never seen a cock before. 

"Andrea, get one of the vibrators and get to working on your Mom's pussy. I want her ready to explode when I cum in her ass."

Andrea took no time in getting her mom ready to orgasm. Within 5 minutes Tammi was begging me to fuck her ass.

"Stick that fuckin cock in my ass now, she screamed. "I want it please!"

And with that encouragement I gave her what she wanted. I buried my cock into her tight little ass. And then I fucked that ass relentlessly.

"Oh God, fuck my ass, bury that cock. I want it all the way. Oh, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, AHHHHHHH! Shit! YES!!! 

And I unloaded every ounce of cum juice I could into her ass.

As she lay there exhausted from her anal fuck the juices started to flow from her anal cavity down her leg. 

"Andrea, please help your Mom cleanup. I'll be right back, I have to pee." I said.

As I was getting ready to pee, Andrea came in to watch.

"I have never seen a guy pee before." I think it's kind of sexy."

"Have you ever seen a woman pee?" she asked.

"No, only saw pictures of it. Diane doesn't like me watching when she goes to the bathroom."

"Well, I have to pee too so you can watch me if you like, I won't mind at all."

After finishing Andrea, sat down and spread her legs far apart so I could get a good view. She even spread hers lips for me. I have to say that watching her pee got me hard again. And to thank her for the privilege of watching her, I gave her a good tongue cleaning afterward.

To be continued...