 To prepare for the evening I went to my favorite store, I picked out some black thigh high stockings, a black garter and a new black bra, I was not sure what you had planned for my birthday but knowing you it would be a night to remember. I went home to take a long hot shower; I shaved my legs and made sure that my pussy was all nice and smooth. I wrapped a towel around my head and slipped into my silk robe. I put on some make-up then let my hair down and brushed it out. I blow dried it straight and added a bit of curl to the ends. Then it was time to get dressed, I put on my new items then slide a short black dress over them, it had long sleeves and was cut quite low in the front to show off my cleavage. I slipped on my heels and was ready.

I arrived at the hotel at 8 pm, I went to the lounge and you were waiting for me in a booth. You had a drink waiting for me, Stoley's with a twist of lemon on the rocks, a double. I slide in next to you and you look at me approvingly. I knew you were wondering what was underneath my small black dress, I could see it in your eyes. We snuggle and drink and have some food. Everything is wonderful, the atmosphere, the food and drink, the music. I am feeling high from alcohol and from you; your good mood is addicting.

You excuse yourself to go to the restroom, I order another drink. I am feeling quite good, I close my eyes and listen to the music, I am thinking about you and I holding each other close, you kissing my neck…I am jolted back to reality with a tap on my shoulder, I look up into a mans blue eyes, he is young and very nice looking. "Would you like to dance?" he asks. 

"I am sorry, I am here with someone." 

He just smiles then says, "Yes I know, you are here with Ted." He then takes my hand and leads me to the dance floor. He pulls me very close to him and starts to move me across the floor, I look back at the table and you have returned you have a knowing smile on your face. I now know that this wonderful looking man is my birthday present. So, I relax a bit and let my body feel his, he has a very nice shape, seems quite fit and smells wonderful! "My name is Markk, Ted and I met a couple of weeks ago on a job site." His voice is deep but not scary, it's very soothing. "He told me your birthday was coming up and just couldn't think of a thing to get you, he wanted it to be special since it was your first birthday celebration together." As he is talking to me I keep looking at you at our table, you are watching us together, you have a smile on your face, you are watching intensely but there is no signs of jealousy, just caring and loving and pleasure. 

The song ends and Markk walks me back to table, I slide in next to you and Markk slides in next to me. Here I am with the 2 best looking men in the whole bar. I am nervous and excited and overwhelmed all at the same time. We continue our evening as a threesome, I dance with both of you, we drink, we talk, and it is wonderful! We all get along great and have great conversation.

It is approaching midnight, you suggest we continue upstairs. "I have some finger foods and drinks upstairs, Markk would you like to join us upstairs?" Markk smiles at the both of us and slides out of the booth, he holds out his hand for me and helps me out, he pulls me to him and kisses me gently letting his lips linger on mine. It felt like bolts of lightening going through my entire body as he kissed me, knowing you were right there watching was so taboo, so naughty. 

You lead us to the elevators, we all get on, and the doors close we are the only ones on the elevator. You are standing behind me, holding me around the waist; I can feel your breath on my back and shoulders. Markk is standing next to me holding my hand, he leans over and kisses my neck, and it sends shivers down my spine. We finally get to our floor and you lead us to the door. You open the door and leave the lights off, there are candles everywhere and a fire in the fireplace, there is a slight breeze coming in through the sliding glass doors that leads to the balcony. You walk to the bar and make us some drinks, you know that I am ready for my evening to really start but that I am very nervous. Markk goes over to the couch and sits down, I kick off my shoes and join you by the bar, and I hug you and give you a deep long passionate kiss. I look you in the eyes, you are smiling, "Thank you for my special birthday evening" I whisper. You smile, "just wait!"

We take our drinks and you lead me to the couch, I sit next to Markk and you sit next to me. Markk takes my hand and starts to kiss it and lick and suck my fingers. He makes his way up my arm to my shoulder, to my neck then to my mouth. As he is kissing me you are kissing my neck and pulling up my dress, he has his hand on my breast gently rubbing it. You stand up and take pull me to my feet, I am facing him, you are behind me, you unzip my dress and let it drop to the floor, I am in my new lingerie, you run your hands up and down my sides, you cup my breasts, you are watching Markk as he stares at my body. 

You know that he appreciates what he sees, you take me to the bed and lay me down, you slowly take off my nylons, then my garter and panties then my bra, the whole time you are kissing me and touching me whispering to me how hot I look and asking me if I want Markk to touch me, he walks to the bed, he is naked, he has a wonderful body and a nice full cock, it is about half hard, you smile at me as I am looking at it, wanting it, you pull him towards me and you guide his cock into my mouth, I open it eagerly wanting to taste him. He kneels on the bed and I suck him all the way into my mouth, I can feel him growing harder. He starts to slowly fuck my mouth, gently. You get down between my legs and start to lick my wet pussy lips and my swollen clit. I am so hot that I start to cum immediately! I eagerly lick and suck me more and harder; Markk is sliding his cock in and out of my mouth a little faster.

 The next thing I know you have slid your hard cock into my wet pussy, I gasp! It feels so good; I open my eyes to look into yours. You are smiling, and then you bend down to kiss my cheek and my lips, feeling how my lips are stretched around Marks cock, as he pulls it out of my mouth you lick his shaft. He moans as he watches you and me share his cock and how much we are both enjoying it. He starts to fuck my mouth a little faster then he fucks your mouth as I kiss your cheek and your lips. The whole while you are pumping your cock in and out of me, hitting that wonderful spot way up inside of my pussy, every time you hit it I cum a little bit more. A bit of pre cum drips from his cock and falls onto my lip, you lick it up and then share it with me. 

He tastes so sweet, you moan and you start to cum in my pussy I take his cock and put it in your mouth and you moan while his cock slides down your throat, he starts to cum and that makes you crazy and you start to cum even more in my pussy, you are fucking me hard and fast. Then he pulls it out of your mouth and puts it in my mouth so I can have some of his cum too. He finally pulls away and you bend down and kiss me, we both can taste his cum and you are still inside of me! You feel wonderful, we look over at Markk, he is stroking the last little bit of cum out of his cock, you lean over and lick it off, that makes me tighten my muscles and clamp down on your semi hard cock, you jump because you are so sensitive, you finally collapse on top of me, Markk lays down next to me and holds my hand. 

"What a wonderful birthday present, thank you," I whisper to you and then kiss you, and then I turn my head and kiss Markk. As him and I are kissing you whisper in my ear "There will be more, just wait."