 My wife has a surprise for my birthday. She's been keeping me in suspense, but finally the day has arrived. She's packed some overnight bags and I know we're staying overnight somewhere. We jump in the car and she drives us to the new fancy hotel that has been recently opened opposite the river. 

A valet takes the car and we're being escorted by another to our room. We get in the elevator and the button of at the top of the column has been pressed. I think to myself that my wife must have dropped some money on this room as most certainly the top floors are where the suites are. 

Our butler takes us into the room and we enter a lounge room overlooking the river. He explains to us some of the features of the suite before ensuring us that if we need anything at all, he's at our service and he disappears out of the door. 

The room is sweet. Nice views with a balcony overlooking the river, a big king size bed inside an equally big bedroom and a massive spa in the bathroom. Very opulent décor. 

Soon our bags arrive, delivered by a bellhop and then some champagne on ice is promptly delivered.

Time to unwind my wife suggests, popping open the champagne and pouring some glasses. 

She fills the spa and suggests we soak in the tub with the champagne and relax.

We chat and drink and kiss. We run our hands over each other's bodies lovingly, and time passes by. The champagne has helped to relax us too. After some time, my wife suggests we get out of the tub and she leads the way, her beautiful naked body dripping as she climbs out of the tub. She offers me a hand and we dry each other off. She tells me to wait in the bedroom and offers me the bathrobe to wear. I pour some more champagne by the bedside and lay on the covers of the bed. 

A few minutes later my wife joins me, she's changed into some sexy lingerie. It's a tight sexy red teddy, lace garters and stockings. She looks hot, her beautiful little figure, and hair down. I am feeling aroused instantly. I wonder if this is my part of my birthday surprise?

She models for me allowing me to have a good look before joining me on the bed. She kisses me passionately for a bit before taking the fresh glass of champagne I poured for her. 

We continue to touch and kiss each other. I grab her beautiful little ass and pull her against me and we kiss. She skips her hand into my robe and runs her fingers against my chest. Things are getting hotter until the doorbell rings. 

What timing I am thinking to myself, who is interrupting this moment? 

Quickly my wife slips out of the bed and she answers the door in her sexy lingerie. Whoever it is, they're going to have a good view I think to myself.

I hear some voices, men's voices, and my wife speaks to them briefly before the door shuts and I look over and to my surprise my wife is leading two guys into the room by their hands. 

My sexy wife in her revealing lingerie. 

My wife insists I pour a couple more glasses of champagne for her friends which I willingly do. This is Brad and Chris, she tells me. They've come to join us for some drinks. Strange timing, I think, what is she up too?

We drink some more and my wife joins me and resumes running her hands over my body, gently, as we chat. My wife's friends are a little younger than us and very handsome. 

We chat for some time, and I realise they're nice guys, and soon we're all feeling relaxed again. That is when my wife positions herself so she can touch Brad. She runs her hands over his legs and thighs. We keep chatting and Brad pretends not to notice but I can tell he's getting more and more turned on. My wife ups the ante and soon she's running her hand over his crutch. His pants are bulging between his legs. She kisses his neck and progresses to kiss his lips. Chris and I watch, enjoying the scene. She moves over to Chris and while continuing to touch Brad with one hand she starts to touch Chris too. That esculates to kissing Chris on the neck and lips and soon she's rubbing both of their crotches. She whispers something in Chris's ear and he stands up. My wife unbuttons his shirt slowly and when she finishes all the buttons she runs her hands against his muscular stomach up to his chest. He has a nice toned body. She proceeds to undo his pants button and helps him out of his pants. She runs her hands over his underwear. A large bulge has formed in his jocks. 

My wife then turns her attention to Brad, and he kisses my wife as she relieves him of his clothes. She continues to touch and kiss both of them for a bit longer before climbing on top of me and kissing my lips. Her ass is in the air and I know both of the boys are enjoying the view. That turns me on even more. My wife and I kiss and touch and the boys move in and run their hands over her body. Soon we're all touching and kissing my wife. 

My wife whispers something in Brad's ear and he nods. Chris nods also. Obviously, they have conspired earlier because they all turn their attention on me. Soon I'm having hand move in on me and pushing in under my robe. My wife kisses me on the lips and whispers happy birthday to me as I'm being disrobed. Soon I have lips kissing my body everywhere. My neck is being touched and kissed, my legs and body. I'm overloaded with sensory input, and it feels amazing. I feel hands on my stomach and another pair heading to my balls. Next thing my cock is being rubbed and touched, my balls and my legs and body. What a sensation. 

The moment is a blur. Brad is kissing my neck and moves to my face, and the next thing I know he's kissing my lips. At the same time, I feel a tongue, maybe two on my cock. Soon someone is sucking my cock. I think it's my wife, but then she swaps with Chris. Both are taking turns licking and sucking. I'm being touched everywhere and my rock-hard cock is being licked, sucked. 

This goes on for some time, the guys and my wife trading places to kiss and suck me. 

I break out of the position, and my wife and I help the boys out of their underwear. They are both sporting raging erections and hot toned bodies. I run my hands over Brad and while my wife is stoking Chris's cock. I run my hands down to Brad's cock and put my fingers around his hard shaft. He is rock hard. He has a beautiful big cock. I stroke him while he runs his hands over my wife's beautiful body. 

The boys are helping my wife remove her lingerie revealing more of her beautiful body. Once naked she pushes Chris to the bed and kisses his body I watch for a bit then perform the same actions on Brad, pushing him to the bed then kissing down to his cock. I lick the shaft of his cock and he moans a little as I do. I put his big cock in my mouth and suck his tasty cock as he moans for me. My wife joins me and licks his balls while I suck him then kisses me and we take turns licking and sucking Brad. Chris is touching our bodies as we do. 

We trade places and it's my wife's turn to be pleasured. We all move in on her body and kiss and lick her. Her legs and feet, body and arms are being touched and kissed. 

I kiss my wife's lips and one of the boys is kissing her thighs. He moves towards her wet pussy. My wife gasps with delight as he starts to lick her pussy. We keep touching her and Brad and Chris are trading places licking her pussy and kissing her body.  

I start to explore Chris's body some more, I push him onto his back and kiss his chest and down to his stomach. His pubic hard is manicured short. I lick the shaft of his cock. He also has a big circumcised cock. I stoke and lick his beautiful cock. 

We continue to trade places and lick and suck each other's bodies until my wife grabs me and stokes me. I've been licking her wet tasty pussy. She always tastes amazing and I love licking her. She spreads her legs for me and encourages me to climb on top of her. I kiss her body on the way up from her pussy and soon she's kissing my lips passionately. My cock slides over her wet slit and soon my cock is pushing into her delightfully wet snatch. She feels amazing. She moans as I enter her. I push my cock deeper into her and fuck her for a while. She grabs my ass and pulls me in deeper. She feels amazing.

The other guys are putting their hands over our bodies at the same time, adding to the intensity. 

Chris brings his cock to our lips and my wife and I luck and suck it while we fuck. His cock is rock hard. 

Reluctantly I climb off my wife, pulling my cock out of her pussy, but I also want to share. I indicate to Chris and he take my place. He climbs on top of my wife. She's laying on her back with her legs spread. He wet pussy waiting. Chris and her kiss passionately as he pushes his big hard cock inside of her. I watch and listen to them both moan. I'm enjoying watching them.

Brad move over to me and starts sucking my cock and tasting my wife's pussy at the same time. I'm enjoying watching Chris fuck my wife wile Brad sucks me. I trade places with Brad and suck his beautiful cock as he watches. 

I tell Brad to lay on his back on the bed. Chris climbs off my wife and she in turn climbs on top of Brad. I whisper in her ear that she should face up upwards, her back against Brad. She does this and I help her get into position. I rub Brad's cock against her pussy, then I help guide him in. He moans as his cock finally sides into her wet pussy. 

I enjoy the view of his cock disappearing into her snatch. He pushes in deeper. I lick my wife's pussy while Brad's cock is inside of her. My wife moans as my tongue finds her clit and I lick it rhythmically. My wife is very wet. I slip a finger into her pussy with Brad's cock and push upwards against her G stop while he fucks her and I continue to lick her clit. She moans enthusiastically edging closer to an orgasm. 

Before she cums I stop. I climb up to kiss her on the lips. We kiss passionately while my cock rubs against her clit. Brad still inside her, I position my cock against his and push into her very wet pussy. My cock starts to slip inside her also. Her beautiful pussy stretched as both of our cocks are inside her. She moans, we all moans. 

The feeling of Brads cock against my in her slippery wet pussy is amazing. I push in deeper and I feel my balls rubbing against Brad. We fuck like that for some time. Chris brings his cock to my wife and I and we lick him. His big cock is still rock hard. 

I pull out of my wife and climb off. I tell Chris to take my place. He willingly does. 

He positions his big cock against my wife's well fucked pussy. He pushes into her and once again her pussy is being stretched over two big cocks. The all moan together in pleasure and I enjoy the sounds and sights. I love watching my wife be fucked by these two hunks. 

I touch their balls as they fuck her and I kiss my wife. I run my hands over their bodies.

After a while they break up. Chris and my wife roll over and Chris continues to fuck her on her back. Brad comes to me and starts playing with my body. He sucks my cock and kisses me everywhere. I'm lying on my back. He climbs on top of me and I feel his warm body against me. His hard, hot cock pressing against me. His cock is still slippery from my wife's pussy juices. I feel his cock pushing against my ass and I spread my legs for him. 

He takes the lube from the side of the bed and squirts some into my hand. I massage it into his cock and apply some more to my ass. He pushes his hard cock against my ass and I try to relax. I feel the tip of his big cock start to push into my asshole. He pushes with just enough pressure to get his cock in but not hurt me. Slowly he pushes into me as my ass gets used to his big dick. He kisses me and soon it's starting to feel good. He starts to fuck me slowly. I'm moaning with the pleasure of his big cock inside of me. Chris is still fucking my wife next to us! 

Brad is kissing me and pushing his cock deeper and deeper inside of me. My hard cock against his stomach. I wrap my hands around his beautiful body. He starts to fuck me harder. It feels amazing. My tight ass wrapped around his beautiful cock. 

His fucking intensifies, he squeezes me tight and pushes even deeper into me. He starts to moan loudly and I can see he's about to cum for me. 

I spread my legs to let him in as deep as he likes. He moans loudly and explodes into my ass. His hot cum filling my ass. He fucks me until he has drained his massive cum load into me. His grip loosens and he kisses me some more. He pulls his massive cock from my ass. It is in so deep. He releases me. I roll onto my side and kiss Brad for a bit. 

I feel Chris against my back. He's climbed off my wife and is kissing my back and rubbing his cock against my wet ass. My wife replaces Brad and kisses me on the lips. She rubs my hard cock and positions herself so she can slip my cock into her well fucked pussy. It feels so good as it slides into her. I feel Chris's hot cock sliding against my ass. I reach behind and guide him into my freshly fucked asshole. He pushes into my ass, well lubed with Brad's cum. I moan as pushes in deep. My cock in my wife's pussy. 

Chris grabs my hips and fucks me intently and that motion makes my cock move inside my wife. My wife beckons for me to cum for her. This turns me on even more. I'm feeling so amazing being fucked and fucking at the same time. Chris is moaning, I'm moaning my wife is moaning. I concentrate on the feeling as I edge closer to cuming. I hold my wife and fuck her more intensely. Chris is pushing his dick into my ass and moaning loudly. He's close to cumming in my tight ass also. His moaning is pushing me over the edge. He grips me tightly and moans as his big cock unloads in my tight ass. At the same time, I blow my load deep into my wife's beautiful pussy!

I orgasm extremely hard. My tight ass clenching on Chris's cock as I cum. The sensation of him filling me with his cum at the same time is amazing. My wife rolls onto her back as my cock slips out of her. Her pussy is dipping with my cum, and her juices. Brad quickly gets between her legs and licks her beautiful cum filled pussy. He licks her clit and slips a couple of fingers into her used cunt. He keeps licking and pushing his fingers into her g spot. I continue to kiss my wife. Chris's big cock is still deep in my ass, but it's not as hard as it once was. I kiss my wife as Brad works her pussy. She's breathing more intently and she is closing in on cumming too. 

My wife arches her back and moans loudly as Brad brings her to a big orgasm. His fingers inside of her and his tongue on her beautiful pussy.

Chris's cock, now deflated slips from my cum filled ass. 

We all lay back and relax, all had massive orgasms. 

My wife in the middle of the bed, I cuddle her and stoke her body, Chris cuddles my wife and Brad cuddles me. What a hot experience.