 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Also, if male bisexuality offends you, hit your backspace key now.

*****

Murphy Margot received the phone call from Glen, his step-father, a drunken, angry and sobbing phone call. Numbly he heard that his mother had been killed at work.

His mother and step-father moved from Bender, Louisiana to Glen's hometown in Wyoming, just when Murphy was starting college at the University of Louisiana at DeGarde. But Glen was calling from Jackson, Mississippi.

"So, uh, what you want to do?" Glen asked and hiccoughed.

"Do? About what?" Murphy asked.

"I mean, shit, they wanting thirty thousand bury her here and..." Glen said.

"Send her here," Murphy said.

It was a simple service, one that Glen didn't even bother showing up for.

Then, a few weeks later, Murphy received a thick envelope from Wycobia Insurance. He understood a little bit of the legalese, understood that since it had been ruled accidental, a forklift operator had backed into some shelving units that had fallen on his mother, the insurance was paying double benefits.

Five hundred thousand dollars.

The small house that Murphy lived in had been a gift from his first lover, Ethan Mollenkay, a middle aged Polish man. Murphy rented out two bedrooms to fellow college students, two hundred and fifty dollars each; he supplied utilities; they had to supply their own food.

After meeting with Heidi Moek, after setting up various Certificates of Deposit and T-Bills and channeling the interest from these into his checking account, Murphy quit his job at Super One Foods grocery store.

The one thing that Murphy had forgotten about was his job helped fill the loneliness he felt.

Murphy had tried to establish connections with his peers. He'd gone on a date with a very cute African-American girl from his Sociology 105 class, a 'Jazz Picnic on the Grass' outside of the St. Elizabeth Public Library. He had let Ledawn Jones pick the function; she claimed to love jazz.

What Ledawn loved doing was pretending she knew anything about jazz. But when Murphy asked her thoughts on Joe Pass, or Wes Montgomery, or Charles Mingus, she stared at him blankly.

He'd enjoyed the music; he'd enjoyed the lunch, even though he did think thirty dollars for two sandwiches, two bags of chips, two fruit cups and two bottles of water to be a bit steep.

But Ledawn had seen some friends of hers and spent most of her time talking (quite loudly, to the annoyance of the musicians and the others in attendance) and ignoring Murphy.

She'd been genuinely surprised and less than pleased when Murphy did not ask for a second date.

He'd met Greg Bentley on-line. Greg claimed to be a straight acting, straight looking bisexual male. His photograph in his profile did look nice.

But when Murphy met Greg at Chuck for a few burgers, Murphy had been quite turned off by the eighteen year old's very feminine mannerisms and speech.

So Murphy did not venture out much.

"Could always take a few extra hours," Cherry, the red headed girl he rented a room to suggested.

"Or, there's those non-credit classes," Troy, the other student he rented a room to suggested. "You know? Not worth anything, but they're fun. I took guitar there two semesters ago; learned 'Stairway to Heaven' you know?"

"Oh, yeah!" Cherry enthused. "Friend of mine took Italian cooking. Still can't cook for shit, but so what?"

So Murphy looked at the non-credit classes. He clicked and submitted an application and within thirty minutes had a confirmation that he was enrolled to take 'Massage Therapy.'

"Ooh, I'll let you practice on me," Cherry said, thrusting out her thirty six Double D breasts, smiling flirtatiously at Murphy.

"And me," Troy agreed, nibbling on a microwave pizza.

Chinese cooking was also fun, and even though it wasn't in the rental agreement, Murphy took to preparing at least two meals a week for his tenants.

His massage instructor, a heavy-set woman in her late sixties complimented Murphy often.

"Honey, you really are a natural at this," she said. "You even remember all the muscle groups."

Through her, Murphy bought a portable massage table, as well as several essential oils.

"Remember, you can practice on me," Cherry said as Murphy familiarized himself on how to set up and break down the table.

"Okay, hop on," Murphy agreed as he stood in his bedroom, locking the wheels down.

"How you want me?" Cherry asked.

"We'll start on your shoulders, so face down," Murphy said, adjusting the headrest.

"No, no, I mean, you want me naked or..." Cherry asked.

"Whatever's most comfortable for you," Murphy agreed.

With a little smirk, Cherry dropped tee shirt, shorts, bra and panties to the floor and lay down on the table.

Cherry was a slut. The twenty two year old woman had fucked every male in her Kimble, Louisiana trailer park by the time she was nineteen years old, including her two brothers and her step-father and her two step-brothers.

She was both surprised and elated when she'd been accepted at the University of Louisiana at DeGarde. Moreover, her scholarship also provided some living expenses; that was how Cherry could afford to rent the room from Murphy.

Cherry was also surprised, and elated to find out she did not have to fuck every man that said 'hi' to her. She still liked sex, but liked knowing she had a choice even more.

Murphy felt a stirring in his jeans as he looked at her nicely rounded buttocks. This surprised him; he'd thought of himself as gay, after Ethan had seduced him and after his miserable experience with Ledawn.

Murphy covered Cherry's lower extremities with a towel, and moved her long red hair out of the way.

"You've really got a beautiful back, you know that?" he said, admiring the smooth skin and well-defined muscles.

"Really? All most guys ever look at are the tits," Cherry said.

"They're nice too," Murphy admitted and she smiled at him.

Within moments, though, all flirtations were forgotten as Cherry melted under Murphy's hands. When he pulled the towel up to expose her legs, she groaned in disappointment, wanting more of his touches to her shoulders and spine.

Then he started on her feet and she forgot her disappointment.

Murphy kept peering between her legs, under the blanket, at her thicket of carrot orange hair and the light pink lips that peeked out. The lips looked moist, slightly opened.

His jeans were now very snug, almost painful as his erection was trapped.

"Missed my butt," Cherry said when Murphy finished with her legs and asked her to roll over.

He then flipped the towel up and worked on her magnificent buttocks. He felt pained as he watched her light brown anus open and wink as he stretched and pressed her buttocks.

"Now, roll over," he said, stopping himself from jamming a finger into her little orifice.

He held the towel up then laid it over her, covering her from nipple to mid-thigh.

It was Cherry who pushed the towel to just under her large breasts. She smiled up at him as he stood at her head and he smirked.

"And let's see how you like..." he said and dipped his finger into the diluted peppermint oil.

"Ooh, God, that's..." Cherry squeaked when he ran the finger around her light brown nipples.

Then he returned to being professional, rubbing her triceps and biceps

"And there you go; you've got such pretty feet, you know that?" Murphy finally said.

"What? Not going to do the pussy?" Cherry asked and pulled the bottom of the towel up.

"Uh, believe it or not, we haven't covered that," Murphy said, staring at her lightly furred crotch.

"Oh, well, then, I'll show you how..." Cherry smiled and spread her legs.

Murphy followed Cherry's instructions and very quickly brought her to orgasm with his hand.

"And let me..." Cherry said and unzipped Murphy's straining jeans.

Within seconds of her wrapping her lips around his cock head, Murphy was blasting a white hot stream of semen into Cherry's mouth.

Troy came home thirty minutes after Cherry had dressed and left Murphy's bedroom.

"Hey, fixing go to work," Cherry said at the doorway of Troy's room.

"Oh, okay, need a lift?" Troy asked; Cherry's car didn't always act right.

"No, no, Monique's picking me up," Cherry said. "But you got to let Murphy give you a massage; dude, he's the best."

Murphy smiled at her as she walked back to her bedroom. A moment later she came out, dressed in her Casa Ole uniform.

"So, you give happy endings?" Troy joked as he approached Murphy's bedroom.

"Only if you give them too," Murphy said.

"Oh, so just a massage, then," Troy said and Murphy smiled.

Troy was an attractive young man of twenty years old; with slightly long brown hair, a little scruffy facial hair, and warm brown eyes. Murphy had masturbated more than once as he fantasized about sucking Troy's cock, or taking Troy's cock up his ass.

"So, how you want me?" Troy asked.

"Just like I told Cherry; whatever you're comfortable with," Murphy said as he lay out a towel. "She went completely nude, but you don't have to if you don't want to. Boxers is fine."

Troy stripped out of his tee shirt and shorts, hesitated a minute, then peeled down his black briefs.

Murphy's light blonde eyebrows shot up at the sight of Troy's cock and balls. Flaccid, Troy's cock was a nice fat five inches long and his balls hung down, two large orbs.

"Right, hop up," Murphy said, slapping the table, hoping his erection wasn't too obvious.

He lay the towel down over Troy's buttocks and legs and began working on Troy's shoulders. The young man was well muscled, and lightly tanned. Murphy tried to concentrate on giving a massage, rather than loving strokes of the wonderful flesh.

His cock throbbed in his jeans and he now regretted his earlier decision to go commando.

"Man, I really like how you do that; nice and strong, then nice and light," Troy complimented and Murphy realized he was giving Troy loving strokes rather than a proper massage.

He moved down to Troy's legs, staring hard at the young man's heavy balls and semi-erect cock. When he'd reached Troy's feet and was rubbing them, lifting them up to work on the arches, Troy's cock gave a few jerks and Murphy bit back his groan of lust.

"Okay, roll over," Murphy said, lifting the towel.

"What, not going to do my butt?" Troy complained.

Murphy edged the towel up onto Troy's lower back and rubbed and stretched and pressed Troy's beautiful, tight backside

Then Murphy had Troy roll over. He laid the towel over Troy's lower belly to his knees. 

Troy's erection was very evident and a red faced Murphy pretended not to notice as he worked on Troy's arms and chest. He worked down to Troy's abdomen, resisting the urge to reach under the towel and play with Troy's light mat of pubic hair, resisted the urge to grab that gorgeous cock, resisted the urge to sink his mouth over it and swallow Troy down to the root.

"So, if I was a customer, how much would you charge for a hand job?" Troy groaned when Murphy declared the massage was over.

"Twenty five, fifty for a blow job," Murphy said.

Then he turned and presented his backside to Troy.

"And a hundred for up the ass," he said.

"Give me my shorts," Troy said and Murphy's hands actually shook as he reached down and picked up Troy's shorts.

Troy found his wallet and pulled out three tens and a twenty.

Murphy pocketed the money, removed the towel and gave Troy his very best.

He gripped the base of Troy's eight and a half inches in his left hand while his right hand cupped Troy's beautiful balls. He licked all around Toy's fat head, and then slid his mouth over the head, fat tongue lapping the whole time. As his head dipped lower and lower, his left hand stroked the shaft and his right hand kneaded the heavy balls.

When his lips met his hand, Murphy pulled his hand away from Troy's fat shaft and he continued to pull Troy into his mouth.

Troy had been with three women, his high school sweetheart, a drunken night with his cousin, and a prostitute.

Stella, his high school sweetheart had sucked his cock, then screamed, outraged when he'd come in her mouth. She never again put her mouth anywhere near his cock and tried to use sex as behavior modification. Stella had actually been surprised when Troy dumped her right after high school graduation.

The night with his cousin, Troy wasn't sure if it had really happened. He and Dana had always enjoyed a very flirtatious relationship. After that night, though, she barely spoke to him, barely acknowledged Troy's presence.

The prostitute had been a no-nonsense, business transaction. She rolled a condom on Troy's cock, lie on the dingy mattress and spread her legs.

The feelings that Murphy's mouth was sending through Troy's cock; the young man was amazed he'd not blasted his come into Murphy's hot mouth already.

Now that his left hand was free, Murphy unzipped his jeans and began stroking his own cock.

"Fuck, oh fuck that's good," Troy moaned appreciatively

Murphy pinched down on the base of his cock; he didn't want to come too soon. Troy watched Murphy stroking his own cock, and then stop. So, Troy reached out and gripped Murphy's cock. Troy touched another man's cock for the first time in his life.

"Mmph!" Murphy complained around Troy's cock as he spurted his semen onto Troy's belly.

Troy watched the semen jet out of Murphy's cock, stared at the sticky fluid that splattered onto his belly. Then he watched Murphy's oral skills on his cock.

Troy managed to hold out for nearly five minutes before filling Murphy's mouth with a large amount of semen. It had been a few days since he'd masturbated, so Murphy got a full load.

Murphy kept sucking until Troy's cock was completely limp, and then he used the towel to wipe his own semen from Troy's belly.

"Thank you, Business doing pleasure with you," Murphy joked then walked into his private bathroom and gave his cock a few hard pulls before spurting more of his own semen into the palm of his hand.

When he came out, Troy was gone from his bedroom. A moment later, he heard the microwave oven going and figured Troy was cooking another one of his microwave pizzas.

Then Troy locked himself into his bedroom and did not come out until the next morning.

The next two nights were taken up by his massage class and his Chinese cooking class.

"Dude, got paid today," Troy said when Murphy came home from his Biology lab class.

"Oh, okay; rent's not due for another week, but all right," Murphy said.

"No, I uh," Troy blushed and pulled out a fifty dollar bill.

"Oh, okay," Murphy said. "Let me get the table set up."

Troy quickly stripped while Murphy covered the table with a small flannel sheet. His cock was already hard and throbbing.

"Well, you'll never be able to lie on your stomach with that thing sticking up like that," Murphy said, knelt down and sucked Troy's cock down his throat.

Troy grunted in surprise when Murphy worked a spittle wetted finger into his tight anus and blasted a hot stream into Murphy's mouth.

Then he lay down. Murphy did not bother with the towel, just gave Troy a good massage.

When he reached Troy's buttocks, he did press, rub, and stretch Troy's buttocks. Then he again insinuated a finger into Troy's anus and rotated the finger a few times.

Then he made Troy roll over.

Troy's cock bobbed and jerked impatiently, but Murphy gave him a full massage before he sucked Troy's cock a second time.

Then he stroked his own cock into the palm of his hand and ate his semen while Troy shakily got dressed.

An hour later, Cherry came in and 'complained' of a sore shoulder.

Murphy smiled and nodded with his head toward his bedroom. He got out fresh towels and shut the door as Cherry stripped out of her work uniform of short skirt, thong panties and snug blouse and bra.

"What? You can leave that open; Troy's seen me a hundred times," Cherry smirked as she climbed on to the table.

"Whatever," Murphy shrugged and opened the door.

Troy did stand in the doorway and watched.

He and Murphy shared a smile when Murphy worked on Cherry's pale buttocks, then wormed a thumb into her anus and a finger into her dripping pussy.

"Oh, oh shit, oh God that's good," Cherry grunted in orgasm, hunching her hips against Murphy's finger and thumb.

"You need to give me some of whatever that oil was that you put on my nipples," Cherry demanded as she rolled over onto her back. "My nips stayed hard all night; should have seen the tips I got!"

"Let me know and I'll put it on for you before you leave," Murphy said and worked Cherry's upper arms.

Troy's shorts were tented tremendously as he watched Murphy play with Cherry's pussy. He groaned as she bent over to collect her clothing and she smirked over her shoulder, and then left the room.

"Dude, I don't have another fifty, but..." Troy hissed as he closed the bedroom door.

Murphy was about to offer an IOU to his tenant.

"But how about I suck you too?" Troy bargained.

"Yeah, that'll work," Murphy agreed and slid his jeans down.

He lay down on his bed and Troy slid shorts and briefs down and they got into a sixty nine, lying side by side.

Murphy could tell that this was the first cock Troy had ever sucked and fought hard against blowing his load the moment Troy's teeth grazed his cock head.

But when Troy gurgled and choked slightly, Murphy couldn't hold back and ejaculated into Troy's mouth.

Milliseconds later, Troy spurted heavily and Murphy swallowed his semen.

Then, blushing hotly, Troy pulled his briefs and shorts up and left Murphy's room.

The following week, both tenants paid their rent and Murphy wrote them out their receipts; Cherry needed the receipts for her scholarship program, and Troy's mother paid him back for the rent.

"And, last class tonight," Murphy casually commented.

"What? The massage class?" Troy asked, pocketing his receipt.

"Uh huh," Murphy said.

"You ought to see about any advanced courses they offer," Cherry said. "Swear my back and shoulders have never felt this good since I started growing tits."

Then both tenants left and Murphy locked up the house and left for his class.

The nine students demonstrated their techniques on one another; two of the three men were paired with each other. Murphy was paired with a slightly obese middle aged woman, but he soldiered on, imagining it was Cherry's sexy body he was massaging, instead of this lump of blubber.

"Damn, he's good," the woman tittered to the instructor. "Makes me wish my girlfriend had taken this class."

"Well, we're offering it again in October," the instructor laughed.

The woman then massaged Murphy, but Murphy could tell that the woman's heart wasn't into it. He gave her a three out of five stars and honestly thought he was being generous.

"My roommate asked me to ask if you offer advanced courses," Murphy said as he was packing up his oils.

"I'll bet he did, the plump middle aged partner said, less than pleased with her 3 out of 5 stars score.

"Uh, she," Murphy corrected and smirked at the woman's surprise.

"Actually, I don't, but the woman I got my certification does and those will be starting in June," the instructor offered.

The house was quiet when he returned home and Murphy took a shower to get the oil off of his skin. Part of the reason he'd given the woman a three instead of a four was she'd used far too much oil for her massage.

Then he masturbated to thoughts of spearing Cherry's tight little anus and then toweled himself dry.

In the morning, he told Cherry and Troy that he'd signed up for the certification courses in June.

"Well, you can practice on me all you want," Cherry said, thrusting out her chest.
