 Jeff watched Celina as she walked across the bar in her little pink sundress. Her long red hair flowed loosely, her long legs carried her gracefully, and her perky titties bounced with each step. He shook his head in frustration, and took another swig of his beer, hoping to drown out the dirty thoughts that he was having of his best friend's girl.

I smiled, when I saw Jeff checking me out, as I was walking towards the door to the patio. I felt my nipples harden, and I looked down, only to realize that they were quite visible through my tiny dress. 

It was a slow night at the club. Jeff is the head doorman / chief of security. His best friend Allan, my boyfriend, is one of the best doormen the bar has employed in quite some time. Of course, I am biased as I say that, but at 6'4" and 230lbs, he has the size and strength for the job. Also he's very intelligent, and he deals with problems very well. 

I've been with Allan for over 2 and half years. We met by chance through some friends and we hit it off wonderfully from the start. The sexual chemistry between us was more than intense. I was a virgin at the time, and always promised myself that I would be with someone for a long period of time before, I let them fuck my virgin pussy. With Allan, it was different, within a week; he was fucking my twat raw every night. I love his 7'5" inch cock. I love the taste of his cum. I love the feel of it in my pussy. I love the way it fills me up. To be honest, I love him a lot. Although lately, I've noticed a lot of sexual energy building between Jeff and I. 

"Hey Honey, what are we doing later tonight?" I asked, sitting down on his lap, and caressing his cheek with my lips. 

Allan looked back at me, and reminded me that Jeff was coming over for a bit. I smiled. It's a Sunday night, my boyfriend and Jeff weren't working, but decided to come in for a few beers and to chat with some of their co-workers anyway. 

Jeff joined Allan and me on the patio. He stood next to us, and I could smell his cologne. He smelled really nice, and looked great as well. He only stood at about 5'8", but he was athletic and very intelligent. He played football and hockey, and was in competitive swimming. He was going overseas with the military in the fall and I dreaded his departure. Tonight, he was dressed in jeans and a tight sweater that showed off his tight chest and abs. He was strong and had a very authoritative personality. I loved that about him. I often fantasized about him taking me hard and rough, ripping my clothes off and forcing himself inside my cunt. Just thinking about it, made my pussy wet. I wondered if either of the men could smell it. 

"Ready to get going?" Allan asked Jeff. I watched Jeff take his eyes off my thighs, and nod. My boyfriend picked me off his lap and put me back on my feet. I swayed a bit, as the rum I was drinking finally hit me. I was feeling a little tipsy, and both Jeff and Allan reached for my arms to help me. I laughed it off, and allowed them to help me back to the car. I got into the back seat of Jeff's little black sports car. Jeff drove since he only had a couple of drinks and was still sober. He turned up the music, and I could feel the base from the subs vibrating right through me. It caused my pussy to tingle, and I couldn't help but moan from it. I could see Jeff smirk at me from the rearview mirror. I blushed and took a deep breath. 

About 20 minutes later we arrived back at my boyfriend's house. It was an average size house, in a little community of about 15 000 people. He had inherited the house when he was just 18, after his father passed away in a car accident. Now at twenty two, he was hoping that I would move in with him, but I, having just turned twenty, was still happy living with my father. I didn't quite feel ready to move in, simply because it was cheaper to be at home, especially since I was going into my 2nd year of college.

I attempted to step out of the backseat of the car, when Jeff once again grabbed my hand to help me. I giggled and thanked him. "I think I can manage to make it up the driveway on my own, thanks." He squeezed my hand, and headed up the drive with Allan. We walked in and the first thing I did was pull out a couple bottles of wine I had chilling in the fridge. 

"Honey, Jeff, do either of you want a glass?" 

"Sure!" Allan responded as he came up behind me. 

"Yea, I'll take one to." Jeff said.

Allan pressed his body against me and I groaned as I felt his bulge press against my ass. I was so horny, and the feeling of his chubby up against me was just making it worse. He helped me poor the glasses then we went into the living room and threw on the tv. It was after midnight, and several channels were airing softcore porn. We left it on one, and the men occupied themselves with a first person shooter game on the computer. I spent my time watching them play the game, picking up empty beer bottles and watching the porn.

"Celina, my girl, would you be able to refill our glasses for us." Allan looked at me sweetly. 

I looked back with a grin; "What will I get in return boys?" 

Jeff looked at Allan and said "You'll get a nice big surprise from the both of us, if you can handle it." 

I knew right then that Allan was feeling a little drunk, cause under any normal circumstance he would of decked Jeff for suggesting anything like that. I figured it might be a good night to take advantage of that fact, and I quickly went to get the bottle so I could refill the glasses. They drank up. I was getting a little bored, so I lit a fire in the fireplace and turned the volume down on the tv, then turned up some music. I began to dance by myself. Swaying my hips and running my hands up and down my body. I swished my hair around and even from time to time touched myself. I noticed the boys were no longer playing there game. Instead they watched me. The exhibitionist in me came out and I began to let the straps of my dress slide down. Allan stood up and grabbed a hold of me.

"Woah there baby girl!" But he grabbed me and began to grind his hips into mine. 

I moaned and slid my hands up my thighs, pulling the dress up to reveal my pretty lace panties. Jeff watched as Allan brought one hand down the front of my dress, and fondled my left tit, pinching my nipple. I closed my eyes, as his other hand drifted in between my thighs. A small wet spot was forming on the crotch of my panties. The entire room filled up with the smell of my wetness. 

"Mmmm, I'm getting really wet, honey..." I moaned, and then opened my eyes, to look at Jeff. He sat there, staring at me. A huge bulge formed in his jeans. I knew he had a woody, and I could tell that it was big. 

He looked up into my eyes, and uttered, "Allan, is Celina as good as you say she is?" 

"You bet, why honey, why don't you go and give Jeff a little sample?" Allan let go of me and watched as I made my way to his best friend. I sat down on his lap, and kissed him from his neck to his lips. He moaned, and went to touch my breasts. I stopped him and told him to be good. I got off of him and went on my knees in front of him. 

I asked him in a sweet voice; "Do you like the way it feels when a pretty girls puts your cock in her mouth?" 

He looked at me and smiled; "Oh yea baby girl!" I slowly unzipped his jeans and whipped out his hard on. I rubbed my face against his shaved balls, and took one in my mouth, then the other. 

I couldn't believe what happened next; Allan came from behind me and picked me up. He threw me on the couch and looked at Jeff; "Take her, she wants it!" I glanced at Jeff, and saw him coming towards me. He leaned over me and literally ripped off my dress. I lay there naked, wearing only my panties, and ripped those off next.

"So you want it you little whore?" Allan held my hands down over my head, and Jeff forced my legs apart. I was so turned on, so horny, and it showed. My shaved pussy was glistening with my juices. 

"See this massive cock? It's going into your cunt, and I'm gonna force it in so hard, your gonna have tears in your eyes, and your gonna beg me to stop." He then kneeled, and brought my legs up tilting my twat towards his dick. Allan forced my arms up so hard it hurt, and I cried out as Jeff's dick rammed into me. It felt so good, but even though I was wet and wanting, it did hurt. I moaned, as he fucked my pussy. He started good and hard and he didn't let up. I couldn't believe he was able to keep fucking me at this rate with out cumming. 

"You little whore! Al, give her what she deserves!" With that, my boyfriend grabbed my hair, and then slapped me across the face. I cried out, and looked up at him, as he flopped his dick out and forced it down my throat. They were right, tears started to form in my eyes. 

"You skank, walking around in that little dress, teasing your boyfriend's best friend!" Jeff rammed his cock in and out, over and over again, as he yelled at me; "You can't just tease grown men like that bitch!" 

My pussy twitched, and pulsed, and I moaned and cried out loud. I felt my juices running down my thighs, as I came close to orgasm. Allan and Jeff both pulled out of me as I was going to cum, and then turned me over. Tears fell from my eyes, and I groaned. Allan lay down on the couch and pulled me on him, forcing me down on him. His cock impaled my soaking cunt, and I moaned. It felt so good. I began to ride him, when Jeff brought his dick up to my little asshole. He began to push it in. I moaned like a whore, it felt wonderful. Both giant dicks were filling me up. Jeff took me hard, and I moaned again, as I came close to coming. 

"Celina, my little slut..." Allan moaned and slapped me across the chest. I flinched, and I could feel his cock pulsate, and feel his hot cum squirt in me. 

Soon after Jeff pulled me up by my hair until he was breathing in my ear. He grunted; "Celina you little bitch, I want you to cum. NOW!" I moaned and he fucked my tight little asshole so hard, I cried out in pain, but I felt it building. Soon enough, I moaned, and I came. Cum squirted out all over the place. Jeff felt it all, and finally, his big cock penetrated me one more time, and soon he was cumming all over me. 

We cleaned up, and I sat there stunned. Then I turned and smiled to both of them. Allan took my hands and kissed my forehead and my cheek where he had slapped me. He asked if I enjoyed that, and I nodded my head. He kissed me again, and I smiled at Jeff, and mouthed the words "thank you."