 "Baby I want us to fuck a girl tonight." I purred to my boyfriend and pressed my sea salty body up against him in the shower. 

After a full day at the beach the heat from the Caribbean sun was trapped in my skin. He fondled my breasts that were also hot and tanned from going topless. We'd already fucked twice in the morning and here we were, at it again. This was our first chance to get away together since we started dating a year ago. We were starving for a vacation. 

"But it's only our second night, are you sure?" His cock had already started to swell against my belly. My boyfriend and I watch a lot of porn at home. The threesome clips were getting to him too. 

To show him I was sure I took his hard cock in my soapy hand and started to jerk him off, he slid his finger inside my pussy but he was too entranced by my hand job to move it much. My pussy needed more friction so I raised one leg onto the rim of the tub inviting him to fuck me. He slipped inside and we stood there in the shower full on fucking both of us watching his huge hard shaft wet humping my puffy red pussy lips. I could feel my orgasm mounting but I only meant for us to get excited.

"Don't cum!" I said it to myself as much as to him.

Well he had no intention of stopping but I pulled myself off him in time. I got him to agree to save it for later. We were headed to a popular local club known for throwing some wild parties. I wanted us to focus on getting dressed and out the door. 

We took a cab and drove up along the beach to large single-storey building with shaded by palm trees making it hard to see from the road. It was inset from the beach on a sprawling plot of land, no nearby neighbors to object to the noise. People were outside hanging and listening to the music. There was a line up to get in. Just as we lined up a sizeable group of young guys and girls, tourists looking to debauch, walked in off the beach. They probably just came from another party. 

The line moved slowly. Good thing we arrived ahead of that big crowd. Soon enough we were being channeled through a narrow hallway. We were crammed there waiting a half hour in line. We had almost reached the head of the line, I was really fed up of waiting so I used my thinness to my advantage and wriggled my way that last little bit. Finally I was able to slip inside, but my boyfriend was having a tougher time of it. I tried to help him dislodge when I got pushed aside by a group of sweaty half-naked party-goers that suddenly materialized wanting very much to leave. Soon they were butting heads with the throng of people waiting in the hallway. The entrance way was blocked from both sides. The club had one staff person stationed there on crowd control and he wasn't letting anyone through, he told people to be patient, someone would be there momentarily to let them out through a separate exit. 

Inside the club, the music throbbed and scantily clad girls with tanned nubile bodies writhed on the dance floor while people sat in couples or clusters at the various bars. I was dying for a mohito to get the fun started, where was my boyfriend! 

It was hard to make out exactly what was happening with the crowd obscuring my view. Too many bodies in too tiny a space, a gorgeous girl wearing her brown hair in clubby little pigtails all sweaty in a skimpy white bikini a little bit younger than me, maybe twenty-three. She was hopelessly sandwiched between my boyfriend and another guy, also younger, in his twenties, maybe a local I couldn't tell but he was tall and well built. They were very busy squirming to get loose. I wasn't sure that she was totally wasted but she definitely looked drunk and her bikini was wet and clingy from dancing and sweating so that I could plainly see her dark nipples under the tiny see-through triangles. I knew my horny 40-year-old boyfriend must have been enjoying his close proximity to such a hot young body.

She was facing my boyfriend with her magnificent tits busting out of her bikini top. He looked around for me and quickly found me a few feet away but temporarily separated by the impenetrable crowd, our eyes met and I mouthed, "Suck her tits" and gestured to him as discreetly as possible rubbing my nipples over my shirt. He smiled sardonically blew me a kiss and returned his attention to the jam he was in. 

The young hottie held onto him around hips to keep steady and I noticed his pants were bulging at the crotch. His earlier erection came back in full force and it poked her clit by accident. She wore nothing more than a tiny swatch of spandex there so she FELT it. The shock made her yelp but the loud beats pumping through the sound system swallowed all sound in there. 

She recoil her hips, and she grinded her ass into the other guy's crotch! That other guy, I must say, he took advantage of the situation. He rubbed is hands all over her ass, and he reached down between her legs slipped a finger into her cunt and fucked her with it! -- and when she didn't object he slipped his track shorts down only a little till the head of his cock and the top of the shaft stuck out. He aimed it right at her twat and stuck it in her from behind! 

Once his cock was in her it was hard to tell what was going on. He was pumping his hips but I couldn't exactly see penetration. Her eyes glazed over and her mouth slackened, and she stuck her ass out as far as she could. Obviously if she was moaning it was right into my boyfriend's ear. I can only imagine how badly my boyfriend wanted to fuck that girl then. I could hear a few of the people huddled around them shout "Whoa!" once they clued in that she was getting fucked right there in the doorway. Each time she would thrust her hips forward my boyfriend's cock had nowhere else to go but up against her pussy and oh was he dry humping her right back. He pulled off her bikini top and licked her nipples hungrily. He didn't care who watched, he would never see these people again. 

I must say it looked fucking dirty and it was making me horny as hell. It looked like she was getting basted from both ends not just one. She was bucking madly against the cock fucking her and my boyfriend's raging hard was rubbing her clit through his pants. Then my boyfriend pulled her bikini bottom to side and held it there fully exposing her shaved pussy. He couldn't stop himself at that point. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock, it was as hard as I'd ever seen it. He was panting and grunting as he tried to stick it in her tight pussy while it was being fucked, and her pussy was so juicy and lubed up that the other guy's dick popped out for a second. My boyfriend took over grabbed her ass and fed his cock into her little fuck hole.

I could feel my own pussy throbbing naked under my loose cotton mini and I started myself rubbing it in time with their fucking. I tried to be inconspicuous about it but I needed relief and it would be so easy to slip my finger onto my clit right here and fucking make myself cum. Even better I wanted to get as close to them as possible so I could rub her clit and suck on her luscious nipples while my boyfriend had his cock in her. And play with his balls and watch him shoot his load all over her. 

The crowd let me through and I made a beeline to my boyfriend. The girl he was fucking now had both cocks in her pussy. Oh my god their cocks were rubbing against each other in tandem and her pussy was dripping wet. I've never had the pleasure of being fucked by two cocks at once so the sight mesmerized me. She was too tight to take both of them all the way; my boyfriend was in the better position to have more of his cock accommodated. I touched the base of my boyfriend's cock. He was covered in her juice. I moved my hand up her sopping slit to play with her clit, and then I licked her pussy while two horny cocks sloshed in and out of it.

More whoops and cheers from our audience, a couple of them were stroking and watching. He yanked down my low cut dress so he could look at my tits then he put his hand between my legs, him stroking my clit the girl fingering me. The guy behind her pulled his cock out of her pussy, pressed it against her tight asshole and grunted whiled he pushed it in. He pumped her tight asshole quite hard, yeah she looked liked she enjoyed getting fucked hard like that in the ass. And it was making me horny as hell too. She was bucking and moaning while the two of them drilled her and she kept fingering me so deeply she could push me over the edge with one stroke too many.

"Ugggh if you two keep doing that I'm going to cum all over you." 

"Yeah gimme your cum I want it all over me cum fucking cum!" 

I clenched my pussy around her finger. She kept pounding, the orgasm mounting from my clit and deep inside my cunt was too much to control.

One of the male spectators jerking off moved his cock in close and released his heavy load all over my pussy, a bit even squirted onto my boyfriend's cock. I looked around and saw a few other guys stroking vigorously. I looked at the precum on the tips and my pussy started to spasm. Oh my god I couldn't watch this anymore without exploding. I pushed down on her finger, worked the pressure on my clit and came really long and hard.

"Oh fuck I'm cumming! You're making me cum!" 

My boyfriend kept fucking her pussy hard, and the other guy kept ramming her ass, she was moaning then she grabbed her clit hoisted off my boyfriend but kept the cock in her ass. She humped her fingers tensed her body and a blast of her squirt shot out of her pussy all over my boyfriend while she held her clit. This triggered quite a reaction and both the guys unloaded immediately. My boyfriend jerking his cock in a mad frenzy shot a wad of cum into the stream of her squirt, the other guy pulled out in time to blast it all over her ass. The poor horny bastards jerking off mostly came on the floor.

As soon as the orgy was over, the crowd dispersed. The other guy took off right away, the girl was adjusting her top. My boyfriend asked to stay and join us for a drink. She couldn't though; all her friends were heading back to their resort. We chatted for a minute her friends called for her then she slipped outside and was gone.

"Whoa Baby, I need shower but first I need a drink." My boyfriend smiled as we surveyed our wet and disheveled selves.

"Good me too. A mohito please." And I reached over to give him a kiss then headed to the ladies room to freshen up.