 My boyfriend called to tell me Pete had just left our apartment. He told me Pete texted him and asked to come over. My boyfriend texted back and told him sure. My boyfriend stayed dressed in just his boxers waiting for his bud.

When Pete showed up, he walked in, closed the door and immediately grabbed my boyfriend's cock through his boxers. My boyfriend was already hard, and Pete told him he just wanted to make sure he was ready.

Pete asked my boyfriend if he had any new videos of me and he did. I made a few videos for my boyfriend moaning his name not long after I made Pete's video. My boyfriend set my pics to slideshow while Pete stripped and they got comfortable.

My boyfriend immediately grabbed Pete's cock and started stroking him slowly and Pete did the same. My boyfriend had been anticipating Pete coming over as soon as he got the text, so he was excited and afraid he'd cum fast. Pete was rock hard and was throbbing in his hand.

"I love how hard you are right now." My boyfriend said. 

"I've been wanting to come over sooner but," Pete replied. 

They both knew with work it had been difficult. 

"I've missed this." My boyfriend said as he squeezed Pete's cock. 

"Show me how much you've missed it." Pete said. 

My boyfriend lowered his head into Pete's lap and took the head of his cock into his mouth. Pete moaned and leaned his head back as my boyfriend took more of Pete's big cock into his mouth.

"God damn!, you are a natural cock sucker." Pete moaned, "I love the way your mouth feels."

That made him feel good and he took Pete's cock as deep as he could. 

"I wonder if Mariah sucks cock as good as you do?" Pete asked as he focused on my pics playing on the TV, "I can't wait to feel her lips around my cock. I want you both to suck my cock together." 

Suddenly Pete stopped him, saying he didn't want to cum yet. My boyfriend sat down on the sofa and Pete got down on his knees and started blowing him. He went fast right away, taking him as deep as he could and bobbing up and down, moaning and slurping his cock sloppily. It felt amazing and he warned Pete to stop or he'd cum, so Pete stopped.

Pete sat back on the sofa and my boyfriend put on a video of me fingering myself moaning his name. Pete reached for my boyfriend's cock first and they started stroking each other. 

"God I want to fuck your girlfriend so bad!" Pete moaned, I can't wait to watch my big cock sliding in and out of her while I pound her cunt."

"I want you to fuck my girlfriend" my boyfriend said, "I want to watch you fuck her with your big hard cock." 

As he said it Pete started pumping my boyfriend's cock faster, so my boyfriend did the same for him. 

"I'm going to fuck her hard and deep!" Pete grunted, "I'm going to claim her pussy and make you have to work to claim it back." 

That drove my boyfriend crazy with lust.

"I can't wait until we are both taking turns claiming her cunt, and making her cum over and over." My boyfriend said. 

"I'm going to make her tell you how much she loves my cock while I'm fucking her." Pete said, "I'm going to make her beg me to let her cum."

They both came hard at almost the same time, spraying their cum over each other's cocks. Before they could catch their breath they almost immediately got into a 69 and cleaned each other. They were both still hard. Pete was again sucking greedily at my boyfriend's cock, making sloppy slurping sounds as he sucked and licked him. So my boyfriend started doing the same. After a bit he felt Pete's cock start to throb and pulse, so my boyfriend reached around and started squeezing his ass then started to play with his asshole.

My boyfriend almost came when he felt Pete moan around his cock, then do the same to him. They were both doing all they could to make the other cum when suddenly, my boyfriend felt Pete's hands let go and his mouth come off his cock for a second. The next thing he knew he felt Pete's wet finger slip into his virgin asshole.

My boyfriend said it hurt for a split second, and then it felt amazing. Pete fingered his asshole while he blew him. My boyfriend wanted to reciprocate but was lost in the pleasure. My boyfriend just sucked harder on Pete's cock bobbing back and forth till he moaned hard and came in Pete's mouth.

Pete swallowed every drop then proceeded to face fuck my boyfriend till he came. My boyfriend swallowed his hot load too. After that they were spent. They cleaned up again and Pete left.

My boyfriend called me and by the end of the call, he was cumming while telling me the story. I couldn't wait to get home so my boyfriend could make me cum too.

The next night my boyfriend and I were at home hanging out and watching some Netflix when he got a text. He got up off our sofa and told me he'd be right back. I asked where he was going and he just grinned.

"I'll be right back," is all he said.

I looked at him skeptically, but said ok and he went out side.

He came back a minute later and he wasn't alone. Pete walked in behind him doing his best to not smile like a little kid on Christmas morning. I was completely shocked and surprised. I had no idea Pete was coming over. I was just wearing a long t-shirt and panties.

Before I could say anything my boyfriend walked over to me and kissed me deep and hard. He gripped my wrists, pulled them up over my head and held me there while he kissed me. He broke the kiss and looked at me.

"You're shaking," he said.

"I'm nervous," I replied.

He kissed me again, lifted me off the sofa, and stood me up facing Pete. He then stepped behind me, had me raise my hands again and he pulled the shirt off of me exposing my tits to Pete, who just bit his lip and groaned.

I was facing Pete with my tits exposed, staring at him looking back at my with a look of hunger in his eyes. My boyfriend pulled my arms behind my back gently and leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "I hope you're ready, slut."

I bit my lip and looked at Pete. I moaned as my boyfriend kissed and bit my neck gently.

Pete took this as his cue, walking up to me without saying a word, taking my heavy tits in his hands, squeezing and playing with them before burying his face in them, sucking and nibbling at my nipples. I moaned louder and I felt my boyfriend's hard cock pressing into my ass through his shorts from behind.

Pete was going wild with my tits as my boyfriend slowly lowered my panties. Once they were off, he slid his knee between my legs and forced me to spread my legs. Pete saw this and his hand instantly slid down my body and he cupped my already wet cunt. My boyfriend kept my legs apart with his knee, his grip back on my wrists, keeping my hands behind my back and leaving my body open to whatever Pete wanted to do.

Pete rubbed my clit in slow small circles at first and I felt my knees get weak. He stroked my clit and I moaned like a slut in heat. My boyfriend was now grinding his covered cock against my naked ass and nibbling and sucking on my neck. It felt so good. Suddenly, Pete slipped a finger into my wet pussy and I moaned again, panting as he finger fucked me. His finger slipped easily in and out, he added another finger and I whimpered. It was too much and I wasn't going to be able to hold back. 

"You're going to make me cum." I whimpered barely able to get the words out.

My boyfriend bit my neck again and said, "Not yet slut, we're just getting started."

Pete stopped and moved away. I moaned again and my boyfriend took me to our bedroom, my arms still behind my back. Pete followed behind. My boyfriend told me to get on the bed and watch. I did as I was told. Both men looked at me hungrily, my boyfriend biting his lip. They both started stripping.

My boyfriend had his shorts and wife beater off almost right away. His hard cock bounced as he dropped his shorts and boxers, but my eyes were locked on Pete's pants. I could already see a sizable bulge in them and I was dying to see what he was packing. He dropped his pants and boxers together and I gasped. He was huge! It was at least a full inch bigger than my boyfriend maybe more and almost as thick! His long, circumcised cock bounced as he moved. I looked back and forth between him and my boyfriend's thick, circumcised cock wondering what was going to happen next.

"What do you think?" my boyfriend asked.

"it's so big," was all I could say, "You are both so big."

Pete grinned and finally spoke, "Do you want my cock, slut?" he asked.

"Yes, please! I want it!" I answered back immediately.

He looked at my boyfriend and said, "I told you she'd love it."

My boyfriend just smiled and nodded, reaching over and stroking Pete's cock.

"I knew she would too," he said.

Pete reached over and started stroking my boyfriend's cock at the same time. They both watched me, stroking each other with the same speed and tempo.

I was mesmerized, my eyes darting back and forth between both of their beautiful cocks.

"Touch yourself, slut," Pete said, breaking me out of my daze. He looked at my boyfriend almost asking if that was ok with his eyes.

My boyfriend nodded and said, "Do it."

I slid my hand between my legs and stroked my clit. I was absolutely drenched. I watched them stroke each other while they watched me play with my pussy. Pete moaned out how good I looked and how good my boyfriend stroked his cock. My boyfriend was panting now and I could see his cock was oozing precum. Pete's cock was already soaked with his precum as well.

They both moved closer to the bed, still stroking each other, faster and faster. I was keeping pace with them my fingers flying across my clit, then into my wet pussy. They climbed on the bed next to me, stroking each other, moaning and watching me.

"Cum for us, baby," my boyfriend moaned.

I picked up speed, fingering myself for them, making sure they could see it all.

Pete moaned out loud suddenly, "I'm cumming!"

The first rope of cum slashed across my hip and belly. It was too much.

I moaned back, "I'm cumming too! Oh, God, cum for me, Pete!"

He shot another huge rope across my stomach, as my boyfriend almost screamed, "I'm gonna cum, too!"

Pete aimed my boyfriend's cock at my tits and he coated them with his cum. I laid there panting, trying to catch my breath when suddenly Pete jumped at me, gripping my tits roughly and lapping at them, cleaning my boyfriend's cum off them. My boyfriend did the same to my belly. Pete leaned forward and kissed me with a mouthful of my boyfriend's cum. I kissed him back and we swapped the cum back and forth before both swallowing.

"That was so fucking hot," I told them both

Just before my boyfriend kissed me sharing Pete's load with me.

"We're just getting started," Pete said

He reached for my boyfriend's still hard cock. My boyfriend sat back a bit and Pete took his cock into his mouth. I sat there stunned as my boyfriend moaned. I watched Pete bob up and down on my boyfriend's cock, slurping at it. My boyfriend stopped him and then did the same to Pete. It was amazing watching my boyfriend on his knees sucking cock like a slut.

Pete pushed my boyfriend off his cock and they both looked at me I was watching with my mouth watering. They moved over to me, each one on either side. I got on my hands and knees and started going back and forth between their cocks sucking at slurping at both of them wanting to show off my skills, and making them moan. Pete asked me to stop. He said he needed to fuck me, and looked over at my boyfriend.

My boyfriend grinned and asked, "Do you want his cock inside you, slut?"

I moaned out, "Yes, please, Papi."

My boyfriend pushed me onto my back, grabbed Pete's big hard cock and pressed his tip against my clit sliding it up and down.

"I don't know, it doesn't sound like you really want it," my boyfriend said.

"Please, Papi," I begged, "Please, let me have his cock."

"Ask him to fuck you then, slut." my boyfriend said.

I looked Pete in the eyes as my boyfriend rubbed the head of Pete's big cock against my clit. 

"Please fuck me, Pete," I begged, "Please put your big cock inside my slutty cunt."

Pete moaned and my boyfriend aimed his friend's cock. Pete pushed into me. I moaned and whimpered loud as his cock stretched me. He was so big; it hurt so good. My boyfriend held Pete's cock as he slid back and forth slowly entering me deeper inch by inch until my boyfriend's hand didn't fit between us. Pete started pulling out of me almost completely before sliding back in. He did that a few times as I moaned completely, lost in how good his cock felt.

I looked at my boyfriend and said, "Thank you, Papi. Thank you for letting me fuck Pete's big cock! It feels so good! He so deep inside me baby! He's so deep!"

My boyfriend smiled at me, then kissed me as Pete pounded my cunt. I was moaning and bouncing when my boyfriend reached between us and started rubbing my clit. It was too much.

"Can I cum, Papi?" I moaned, "Please, he's going to make me cum!"

"Cum, slut, cum on his big cock" my boyfriend said.

"Do you love it, slut?" Pete asked.

"I love it! I love it! It's so good!" I moaned back.

"What do you love?" my boyfriend asked.

"Ughn oooooh fuck I love his cock baby! I love his big cock! It feels so fucking good!" I screamed as I came hard.

"Oh fuck I can't hold back I'm gonna cum!" Pete moaned and started to pull out.

"Don't you dare pull out!" I screamed and raised my hips to get his cock back deep inside me.

He looked at my boyfriend for a second and my boyfriend said, "Fill her up." I felt Pete's cock swell and throb inside me as he flooded my pussy with cum. It set me off again and I was cumming again. Pete stayed inside me for a second still pumping his cum before pulling out of me.

My boyfriend took Pete's cock in his mouth and cleaned him up. Before I could recover, my boyfriend was sliding his cock inside me. He was plowing my cunt right away, deep and hard, balls deep, over and over. I felt another orgasm building when Pete reached in and rubbed my clit like my boyfriend had earlier.

I came hard again, setting my boyfriend off as he filled me with his load pumping deep inside me. As he pulled out, Pete swallowed his cock, cleaning it off. We all laid there spent, panting. Before I could move, both of my boys were between my legs taking turns lapping at my well used cunt. 

It was too much and I came as Pete sucked my clit and my boyfriend lapped at my hole. They didn't stop till I was writhing and too sensitive to move. That's when they 69ed and sucked each other off to a third orgasm, swallowing each others cum. After that, Pete cleaned up and left me and my boyfriend falling fast asleep.