 [Author's Note: The story below is fiction. All characters depicted are well above the age of eighteen years of age.]

*

The events in this story happened a few years ago while my wife, Julia, and I were living in southern Florida. She taught art, and I taught ecology at a small private university. Our house was far out of town in a very secluded location. It was at the end of a dead-end road on twelve acres of mostly wooded land. The surrounding tropical forest gave us complete privacy, which we enjoyed greatly. At the rear of the house was an elevated deck, beyond which was a swimming pool surround by a stone patio. Our upstairs bedroom had a balcony that overlooked the pool and deck.

With the hot climate and our absolute privacy, we dispensed with wearing clothing at home unless we were expecting guests. Our daughter, Alice, twenty at the time of this story and a geology major at the university, was a bit mortified by this sort of behavior when we first moved there a year earlier. The heat eventually got to her, I guess, for after some weeks she began going about the house nude, too. Alice was absent from the house on this particular day. She had left the day before to attend a two week field school. 

Aside from being very practical, our nudist habit had other benefits. Julia is a stunningly beautiful woman, and I never tire of admiring her physical charms. She is 5'7", with a perfectly toned 36-24-36 body wrapped in flawless peaches-and-cream skin, and has long and thick strawberry blonde hair. She is very well aware of my penchant for ogling her. Whenever Alice wasn't around, Julia would tease me unmercifully by striking sexy poses while doing mundane tasks, or conveniently drop something and bend over to pick it up while facing away from me. Her goal seemed to be to keep me in a constant state of semi-arousal. Needless to say, our sex life improved tremendously.

One Saturday, Julia and I had just finished lunch and were preparing to spend the afternoon lounging around the pool and catching up on our summer reading. The day was a scorcher, with temperature and humidity at ninety-five degrees and ninety percent, respectively. I was in the middle of mixing a pitcher of margaritas to help us stay cool when the doorbell rang. This was quite a surprise, as we were not expecting any company, and the mailman had already been by. Both of us threw on robes which we kept hanging on hooks in the front hall for such occasions.

I opened the door to find two of Alice's friends, Nimesha and Tiina standing in the front entrance. Both were foreign graduate students at the university, Nimesha from Sri Lanka and Tiina from Finland. They were wearing cycling kit, and two very nice touring bicycles leaned against the railing of the front porch steps. The girls were obviously suffering a bit from their long ride in the heat, so I skipped the usual formalities and immediately invited them to come inside and cool off for a bit. I ushered them into the den while Julia retrieved two bottles of sports drink from the fridge. 

After taking a few sips, Nimesha asked if Alice were home. I explained to them that Alice was away at field school. Both the girls looked very crestfallen at the news. 

Tiina groaned, "Oh no, we were hoping to see her. She invited us to stop by some time for a swim. It's so hot today that we thought it would be the perfect time." 

Nimesha, sounding very disconsolate, said, "We're sorry to interrupt your Saturday afternoon. We'll just finish our drinks and be on our way. Thank you very much for the refreshments."

"There's no need to rush off," said Julia. "Dan and I were just about to go lounge on the deck ourselves. You're welcome to stay and enjoy the pool."

At this, the faces of the girls brightened considerably. Nimesha gushed, "Thank you! That would be wonderful! Are you sure you don't mind?"

"Not at all. We'd love to have you join us for the afternoon," I replied.

"We'll get our things from the bikes," said Tiina.

The girls quickly went outside and got their sport bags from the racks on their bikes. When they came back into the den, Julia told them they could use Alice's room for changing. The girls glanced uncomfortably at each other. Nimesha, blushing a bit, sheepishly said, "Well... um... Alice told us that you guys don't usually wear bathing suits here, so we..... um.... didn't bring any. Is that a problem?"

Now it was Julia's and my turn to be a little nonplussed. Julia cocked a eyebrow at me, but quickly regained her composure. "No, that's not a problem at all," she said. "You're right. In fact, we normally go nude most of the time around here. We just threw these robes on when we heard the doorbell. Feel free to get rid of your tan lines, if you like."

"I'm sure Dan won't raise any objections to two attractive young women cavorting nude in the pool. Will you, Dan?" she quipped.

I had to grin, but realized that there was probably no safe answer to that question. I decided to play it cool. "I think I'd better get back to that margarita project I was working on before our guests arrived." With all that settled, the girls went to Alice's room to undress while I proceeded to resume mixing the margaritas. I made double the usual amount, since we now had company. I also added extra tequila, figuring that I, at least, would probably need it.

I was adding the finishing touches to the margaritas when Julia said, "We may as well ditch these robes. Give me yours and I'll hang them back up." Glad to rid off it, I doffed my robe and handed it to Julia, who had already removed hers. Of course, I had to pause for a moment to enjoy the sight of Julia's shapely ass as she sauntered down the hallway. 

The girls emerged from Alice's room while I was placing the margarita glasses on the counter. It's fortunate that I didn't drop them, because the sight I beheld was enough to rattle any man's nerves. Nimesha and Tiina came into the den wearing nothing but sandals. The two girls were a study in contrast. Tiina, a blonde with hair of medium length, had exquisite alabaster skin. Her body was a bit slender, but still nicely proportioned. Tiina's perky breasts were of medium size and tipped by small nipples surrounded by narrow well-defined areolae. A neatly trimmed bush covered her pussy. Nimesha, on the other hand, was more voluptuous, having wider, rounder hips and larger breasts adorned with large nipples and very wide areolae which were only slightly darker than the surrounding milk chocolate brown skin. Her pussy was cleanly shaven except for a short vertical strip above her slit. The whole package was surmounted by a head of beautiful shoulder length jet-black hair. To this day, I don't know why I didn't have an instantaneous erection, but somehow I manged to limit my cock's reaction to a quick twitch which I hoped nobody noticed. The capacity for speech did desert me for a moment, so there was a short pause broken by Julia.

"Well, you young ladies look ready for some serious sunbathing."

"We are!" said Tiina. "Good-bye tan lines!"

Julia led the girls outside to show them the pool shower and other facilities. Meanwhile, I filled the glasses and set them on a tray. I was carrying the them out the door and met Julia on the way in.

"I feel a migraine coming on, so I'll take my margarita upstairs. I need to lie down a bit," she said as she lifted a glass off the tray.

"Don't get eyestrain. Would you like for me to bring your glasses?"

"No, smartass. I'm wearing my contacts."

"Well, aren't you the fortunate one then," she said with a laugh as she headed toward the stairs.

I left the tray on the deck table, then took two glasses down to the pool. I set the drinks on the small table by the lounge chairs, and retreated back to the deck. Hopefully, I wasn't too obvious about ogling Nimesha, who was taking her turn under the shower.

For the next half hour, I sat at the table on the deck reading, while the girls alternately swam and sunbathed. They were quite a sight, especially when they helped each other re-apply suntan oil between dips. My self-control was severely tested, but somehow my cock didn't betray me by swelling.

Eventually, the girls' glasses became empty, and I had to resume my role as gracious host. Retrieving the pitcher from the kitchen, I descended to the patio to refill the girls' glasses. As I was standing between their loungers pouring, Tiina posed a question which almost caused me to drop the pitcher.

"Dr. Clark, may I take a closer look at your penis? I've never seen one that is circumcised before."

"Well, first of all, everyone who has seen me naked calls me Dan. And sure, look all you want."

Tiina sat up as I turned toward her. She stared intently at my cock, then hesitantly extended her arm.

"May I, Dan?"

"Well, I guess that will be okay. Just be gentle."

Tiina's face turned a deep red, but she gingerly took my cock in her hand. She moved it around so that she could study it from all angles. Despite my best efforts to prevent it, my cock started to swell a bit.

"Sorry. Sometimes it has a mind of its own."

"Not a problem. I'll take his reaction as a compliment," giggled Tiina as she released my cock.

"Hey, may I look at it, too? I've never seen one, either." said Nimesha.

I turned toward her. She didn't sit up, but merely raised up on one elbow and reached for my cock with her free hand. Nimesha, too, moved my cock around as she examined it, but in a more caressing fashion than Tiina. Naturally her ministrations caused my cock to swell even more, becoming almost fully erect. I nervously glanced toward the upstairs bedroom. Thankfully, there was no sign of Julia.

"Well, he seems to enjoy attention," said Nimesha, as she gave my cock a gentle squeeze.

She looked toward the balcony.

"Are we in danger of getting you into trouble?"

"I don't know what Julia's reaction to seeing another woman's hand on my cock would be, and we probably shouldn't find out."

Nimesha released my cock, letting her fingers slide along its length as she did so.

"Sorry, Dan. I wouldn't want to abuse your hospitality by causing any problems. I think I need to cool off again. Ready for another dip, Tiina?"

With that, Nimesha got up and dived into the pool. 

Tina watched Nimesha for second, then looked toward me.

"I think it's time I got out of this sun before I burn. That hammock on your shady deck looks very inviting right now."

Tiina stood up and grabbed a paperback from her bag, then headed for the deck. I followed. The movements of her beautiful ass did nothing to aid my efforts to diminish my erection. Once on the deck, I returned to my chair and book while Tiina lay down on the hammock at the far end of the deck. I poured myself another margarita, downed it quickly, then refilled my glass. 

Some time later, my reading was interrupted by the faint sound of footsteps on the deck stairs. 

Nimesha came and stood by my table and spoke in a whisper, "Dan, since Tiina is asleep, would you apply some suntan oil on my back?"

I glanced over at Tiina. Sure enough, the paperback was on her stomach and her eyes were closed.

"Sure. Turn around. " I whispered back as I laid my book down.

"Oh, I left the oil by the lounger. Do you mind going down there?"

"No problem."

As I rose to my feet, I noticed that I was a little wobbly from the tequila. Also, the sight of Nimesha's breasts jiggling as she descended the steps caused my cock to start to swell again. Despite trying to think of something else while following Nimesha beside the pool, I was semi-erect by the time we reached her lounger. Fortunately, Nimesha didn't turn around, but lay down on the lounger with her face turned away from me.

I knelt next to Nimesha and picked up the bottle of suntan oil. I poured a little puddle of oil onto her back, then began to spread it around on her shoulders and back.

"Dan, would you please do my legs, too?"

"Sure."

I dribbled oil onto the backs of Nimesha's legs and started to massage them. Starting near her feet, I worked my way up. As I got near her ass, I became a bit more careful not to go too far on the inside of her legs.

"Please be sure to cover everything, Dan. I can't stand a sunburn."

Nimesha spread her legs a little to indicate her seriousness.

Well, so much for being careful. Despite the tequila, I was still a little hesitant, so I moved up to her buttocks first. Putting some oil on each cheek, I thoroughly massaged it into her beautiful skin, even into the cleft of her ass. As I did so, Nimesha let out a soft sigh and spread her legs even more. Returning to her upper thighs, I rubbed oil on the insides all the way up, so that even the outer lips of her pussy were coated. I detected the scent of wet pussy now hung in the air along with that of coconut oil. My cock swelled a bit more. Giving Nimesha a playful pat on the ass, I started to return the oil bottle to the table.

"All done!" 

"Thank you, Dan," Nimesha gasped. "That was very thorough. If it wouldn't be too much trouble, would do the other side, too? Please?"

"Since I'm already here, and you asked nicely..."

Nimesha rolled over onto her back and placed her arms behind her head. Her firm breasts pointed skyward, nipples erect. Her labia were slightly swollen and I could see a little pink in the center of her slit.

I poured oil onto my hands and began applying it to Nimesha's arms, working my way down to her shoulders. Replenishing the oil on my hands, I moved to her gorgeous breasts, sensuously moving my hands to cover them thoroughly. I rolled each nipple between my fingers, making them even harder. This elicited a slight moan from Nimesha. I leaned over and kissed both nipples, swirling my tongue around each for a few seconds, which induced further moaning. Afterwards, I applied oil to her stomach, working my way down to just above her crotch.

Figuring I would save the best for last, I next began to oil her feet. As I worked my way up Nimesha's shins, I felt her hand wrap around my cock. She began to stroke it gently, occasionally using a finger to rub the pre-come over the head. Fortunately, the tequila enabled me to resist blowing a load right then and there.

Slowly and teasingly, I massaged oil onto the the fronts of her thighs. Upon reaching her now fully aroused pussy, I spread the labia with my fingers and gently rubbed her clit. Nimesha shuddered slightly and began to push her pubis against my hand. Then, after taking a quick peek toward the upstairs bedroom, I leaned over and replaced the finger with my tongue.

Nimesha moaned softly and stroked my cock more vigorously as I alternately licked and sucked her clit. The taste of pussy mixed with coconut oil was intoxicating. She was thrusting her hips to vary the pressure of my mouth on her twat. After what couldn't have been more than thirty seconds, she let out a soft gasp and her whole body quivered. Jerking her pussy away from my mouth she sat up abruptly.

"I want your cock in me NOW!", she whispered.

She stood up, retaining her grip on my cock, and started walking toward the steps to the deck.

"What about Tiina?, I asked.

"She's a sound sleeper. As long as you don't scream or anything, we should be okay".

At his point, I was beyond caring whether Tiina woke up or not. I looked toward the upstairs bedroom. Did the curtain move? I couldn't tell for sure, but decided that it was my eyes and the tequila playing tricks on me.

When we reached the deck, Nimesha released my cock and bent over, placing her palms on the bench that ran along the rail. Pausing for a second to admire her shapely ass, I moved behind her and eased my cock into her pussy. Slowly, using long strokes, I began to slide my cock in and out. On each withdrawal, Nimesha clenched her vaginal muscles, enhancing the sensation. As I gradually increased the tempo, she leaned back into each thrust. I knew that I wasn't going to last very long.

Suddenly, I felt a hand massaging my balls. Jerking my head around, I could see the empty hammock slowly swaying, and heard a giggle behind me. I looked down to see Tiina's upturned face sporting a mischievous grin. She was on her knees behind me and reaching between my legs.

As I turned my head back toward Nimesha, I realized that she was coming again. Her pussy was squeezing my cock spasmodically, and she let a out a surprisingly loud groan.

"I'm going to come," I gasped.

"Do it inside me."

"Yes, fill her up. She loves it," giggled Tiina, giving my balls a gentle squeeze.

That did it. My cock exploded. It seemed as if it were pumping gallons of semen into Nimesha's quivering cunt. Just as my orgasm was subsiding, I heard the back door slide open.

"JUST WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE?!"

My cock slid out of Nimesha, making a soft 'plop', as I turned around. Tiina got to her feet and moved beside me to my right. Nimesha turned around and stood to my left. We must have looked like three naughty schoolchildren caught by the teacher. Nimesha's legs were still shaking from her orgasm. Julia stood just outside the door, her hands on her hips. Her face and chest were flushed to a bright crimson. She stood there for what seemed like a long time, focusing on each of us in turn. Julia then dropped her arms and strode across the deck to stop directly in front of Nimesha. She looked down toward Nimesha's crotch. I followed Julia's gaze, and could see a glob of my come slowly traveling down the inside of Nimesha's left thigh.

"Well, well, well," said Julia. "It appears that I got out here just in time to stop a theft."

Julia reached down and ran her index finger up the trail of come on Nimesha's thigh. Bringing her finger up in front of Nimesha's face, she said, "this belongs to me, and I don't appreciate you trying to take it without my permission." Julia then put the finger into her mouth, and withdrew it slowly and deliberately, with a loud smack at the end.

"Sit down, young lady."

Nimesha quickly sat on the edge of the bench. Julia dropped to her knees, spreading Nimesha's thighs as she did so. Julia began to lick my come off the inside of Nimesha's upper thighs, moving up to her dripping pussy. Nimesha's expression quickly changed from one of surprise to one of pleasure. Tiina and I watched with amazement and no small amount of relief. Julia lifted her face and looked toward Tiina.

"What are you just standing there for? Get that cock hard again. We're going to need it."

Tiina gave me a surprised look, but quickly knelt in front of me and sucked my half-deflated cock into her mouth.As I stood there watching Tiina's lips move up and down the length of my shaft, I thought to myself, "Dan, this could turn out to be a very good day."