 In the morning Charles and I made love again. Feeling his man hood deep in my ass, holding him tight as he slide his cock in and out of my wanting hole, kissing him and feeling his 2 day growth of hair on his face made me realize that I was one lucky guy. As he unloaded another round of cum deep in me, I was truly amazed how much this guy can cum. Soon he was down between my legs, taking my cock into his mouth and slowly going up and down my shaft, making sure to twirl his tongue all around my vein throbbing member as he sucked it to the point of no return. 

Just when I felt my balls getting ready to release, he let go of my cock, slid down to my ass and began sucking and licking my not to long ago pleased ass. Taking his tongue he cleaned my manhole up, returned to my cock and again began sucking me deep into his mouth. It didn't take me long to start filling his mouth with my hot love goo, blasting the back of his throat as he took it like a champ. When I filled his mouth, he came up to me and shared the mixture of our love juice with me, rolling his tongue in my mouth, kissing me with love and tenderness, laying on my body as our spent cocks touched. We held each other, enjoying the warmth of our body's. The smell of sex lingered in the air as we softly kissed and caressed each other, admiring and nibbling on each other. We were truly two men that loved pleasing each other.

We spent the rest of our time at his cabin just enjoying nature, fishing, hiking and taking in the beautiful surroundings that bestowed us on this unforgettable weekend. Planning an early start home we did not stay up late that night. We showered, got into bed, kissed, held each other tight as our cocks laid off to the side resting for the night, we drifted into dreamland.

On the way home the next day, Charles asked if has he pleased me enough to finally get in to my wife's panties. Is that all this past weekend was about I asked, laughing hard. He laughed and said that if he never gets inside my wife's panties, he knows now that he has a slave in me that will be his bitch when he calls. Slapping him up side the head I told him he is well deserving of finally getting to eat and fuck my wife's hot pussy and I will talk to my wife when we get home. A broad smile came across his face, not to mention a good size bulge in his pants. Keeping my hands to myself, we drove the rest of the way home.

When I got home, Sue was so glad to see me, telling me how much she missed me and wanted me. We made love that afternoon, I spent time eating her sweet pussy to many orgasms, she riding my cock like a champ as I drove it deep into her, bring her to more earth shaking O's. Finally I could take it no more and filled her hot steamy pussy with cum, then going down and cleaning her with my mouth, I truly enjoyed tasting my own cum and her juice. 

She told me how horny she had been while I was gone, wanting cock so bad that she masturbated twice each day fantasizing about cock. This was my chance I thought so I mentioned that Charles and I talked about his desire for you and how much he wanted to fuck you. We are pretty open when it comes to sex and she has in the past mentioned her desires for Charles too. She also knows my curious side. Now was the chance, so I asked her if she would like to try a threesome with Charles and her eyes lit up. Really, she said, saying she has wanted to mention that in the past and her and Charles playing around at the last party left her wanting him more than ever. Just imagine what it would feel like to have two guys and two cocks to play with I blurted out. She almost wet her pants right there with excitement. Of course since it is a threesome there is no holes barred I said. Her response to that was you'll have his cock in your mouth before I even have a chance to touch it. How do you know that has not already happened I shot back? You dirty dog she said as she squeezed me and said let's go for it next weekend. 

I talked to Charles later that day and when he heard the news he told me he is so excited he needs to go jack off. Save it for the weekend I said, there is going to be plenty of time to shoot your rocks off. 

It seemed to take forever, but the weekend finally arrived. Sue had made reservations at a local hotel and we planned to meet Charles there around 4pm on Saturday. Sue spent the day making sure she was soft and clean. Trimming her pussy hair into a heart shape web of desire and lust. I spent the day with a hard-on that only a full night of rocking sex would take care off.

The knock on the hotel door signaled that the night was on its way. Sue answered the door and lets Charles in. They embraced and kissed, only this time held their kiss for much longer than the usual greeting kiss they shared. My cock started to stir so I got up to greet Charles also. He turned tome and we began to french kiss with heated passion. At that moment Sue knew that Charles and I have been together before and just about squirted her love juice all over the floor. I broke from Charles and the three of us went to the bed. Slowly and seductively Sue began to remove her clothes, as did Charles and I. We fell on the bed; Charles and Sue began to kiss while I sucked her nipples to massive points. My cock was throbbing as I reached and stroked Charles's cock. Moaning with desire, Sue spread her legs as an invention to Charles to head south and eat the waiting sweet pussy that is there for him. 

He slowly kissed his way down to her mound, smelling the sweet aroma of her love tunnel. Working his tongue on her swollen clit, Sue was lost in lust as she grabbed Charles head and buried his head between her legs screaming for him to eat her and make her cum. Watching some other guy eat my wife had my cock straining and needing to explode. I told Charles that it is time for me to join the party. I got behind him, spread open his ass cheeks and began to lick and suck his ass. That had him diving deeper into my wife's cunt, bringing her to her first orgasm, squirting her juice all over his face as he willingly drank all that her pussy had to offer. Seeing Charles's hard cock she told him that she has to have that massive hunk of meat in her.

I stopped working his ass just long enough for him to get on top of her. I lay back as he slowly inserted his boner into my wife. She gasped as she felt his cock head enter her for the first time, feeling its massive girth pushing her pussy walls out to met his throbbing cock. Soon I could see no more of his cock, Sue was wild with delight and started to beg Charles to fuck her hard and deep. Not missing a beat, he began to work his cock in and out of my Sue's pussy. Watching his cock slid in and out I got behind Charles, grabbed the lube. Charles slowed down as I greased his hot ass and my cock. 

Grabbing my cock, I slowly pushed the head between his ass cheeks, his sphincter relaxed allowing my cock to enter his warm tight ass. Burying it deep into him, we started a rhythm of hot fucking. As he pulled back from Sue's pussy, I pushed my cock deep into him. As all holes are filled, we fucked; sweat began to bead up on our skins as Sue had orgasm after orgasm, screaming for more. My balls would slap Charles balls as I fucked his ass, reaching down I squeezed hit nuts. 

Soon I could not take it anymore and began to fill his ass with my hot cum, squirting my gobs of goo deep into him. That was the turning edge for Charles as his pace picked up and began to fuck my wife harder and faster. Soon his cock began to swell and as Sue had another orgasm, he began to explode in her wet soaking pussy. Screaming with delight, Sue wrapped her legs around Charles and fucked him until his cock was drained of all his love goo. I fell on top of Charles as he let his body rest on Sue. With my cock still buried deep in his ass, I kissed his neck while Charles and Sue kissed. 

We fell away from each other, lost and happy with love and want. Charles did the good deed of cleaning up Sue with his mouth, sucking and swallowing all of his cum from her. I took his semi limp cock in my mouth and began to suck while Sue had my cock in her mouth, tasting Charles love hole as she licked the backside of my shaft. It didn't take long for our cocks to get hard. I worked Charles cock deep into my mouth, caressing his balls as my lips touched the base of his manhood, feeling his cock head down my throat. Sue also had my cock deep in her throat, working her hand up and down my shaft as she sucked it with fast and furious action. Just when we both we about to shoot another round of cum. 

Sue stopped and said she wants to watch Charles and I make love while she masturbates. Who were we to argue? She got off the bed; Charles and I looked at each other, laughed and lay next to each other on the bed.