 I go bow hunting every year, not that I kill an animal each time but it's my time to get away from the modern world. Prior to my hunts in September, I make a few "scouting" trips to see what signs I can find of the elk and deer. In Oregon you can hunt both at the same time with bow and arrow.

This past year there was one scouting trip that I'll never forget. It was in the latter part of July. I normally scout at least once a month between June and the end of August just to get an idea where the animals are and their routines. They don't always maintain their routines but it gives me an idea where to look for them.

I don't go out in the woods unarmed at anytime. At least one cougar that I know of during my hunts has stalked me and it's a sobering feeling knowing you could be someone's lunch. I take a handgun during archery season, mostly for two-legged predators who like to claim the elk you just arrowed are theirs. I pack a rifle during my scouting trips in case I see a one of those sneaky cats.

The trip was at the end of a very hot July; I'd come out on a Thursday evening and set up my camp. I have a four-man tent I like to use; it gives me plenty of room to keep all my belongings inside and out of view of "tweakers". They like to steal camping stuff and sell it for drug money and I like to do my part to keep them away from drugs. I don't always camp in formal campgrounds and being inconspicuous while treading lightly is part of my philosophy.

When I finally got to the area I wanted to look over; I hadn't noticed anyone one around and began to set up camp. After unpacking and putting my food away securely, I went for an evening hike. I got a few nice pictures of the sunset over the western hills on my digital camera. When I returned to camp, I saw another tent pitched not too far away. I didn't think too much of it but wondered why someone, with hundreds of thousands acres of forest to camp in they would camp near me. Since this was a trailhead, I figured they must be hikers so I let it go at that.

I put my rifle and pistol away and started making dinner, looking over at the other camp from time to time just to see if I could catch a glimpse of my neighbor. Finally, around dusk, I heard voices, and from the timber, I saw two "granola crunching" young women emerge. 

Don't get me wrong, I am pretty open minded, even though I vote as an independent and support the second amendment. I just think some folks go to extremes to promote their causes; these two girls/young women could have been recruiting posters for ELF (Earth Liberation Front). 

They wore their hair braided in ponytails, cut-off denim jeans and plaid shirts over their tees, hiking boots and walking sticks. From what I could see they were both nice looking and in good shape. I just hoped they weren't here carrying a grudge against hunters.

I didn't want to appear to be staring so I went back to making my dinner. I heard them talking, and just minded my own business, knowing my firearms were put away just to avoid a confrontation if they decided to visit.

I started my dinner of barbequed steak and baked beans; I got out my maps, GPS and a beer. I tried to figure out where a good place to scout this area in the morning. I'd heard some good stories from other hunters that this was an ideal for elk.

I get up before dawn and generally don't come back to camp before dinner because I like to make good use of my time. Moreover, hiking around at six thousand feet helps keep me in shape just as much as hitting the gym. I noticed a few draws and possible watering holes that might have tracks I could follow. Since it had been so hot, I figured the animals would venture down and have a drink between feedings and then going back to a bedding area. I marked those prospects on my map and kept an eye on my steak.

I could hear the girls giggling and laughing as they got out their tiny backpack stoves and fixed their own dinner. I assumed they had some freeze-dried stuff and were trying it out before they went on a big trip. I like to do that when I go on these types of trips, just so when I do need the food it's not something I wouldn't enjoy eating. Freeze dried food doesn't have the best flavor, so I normally carry a bottle or two of Tabasco just for that reason. However, this wasn't a serious pre-backpack trip so I brought fresh food and plenty of it.

I could barely hear the girls as they sampled their cuisine, laughing and gagging as they each took turns trying their meals. I felt somewhat sorry for them. You really need a good meal at least once a day up here to keep your energy level up. It didn't sound like they were enjoying their menu selections.

My steak was finally ready, I placed it on my plate and dumped the warmed up beans next to it. I had brought a salad and a few tiny bottles of salad dressing and tossed that in a bowl. I looked at my table and thought, not too bad for a single guy out in the middle of no-where.

I try to keep my camping meals simple yet filling when I'm hunting. I really don't like coming back to camp after hiking all day and trying to cook something lavish when I'm tired and it's dark. I continued looking over my maps as I ate, making notes and planning a route. After finishing my meal and cleaning up, I made and packed my lunch for the next day. 

Opening another beer, I sat and enjoyed the solitude, until the sunset around ten o'clock. Well, not total solitude the exception being my neighbors giggling and laughing. I normally don't stay up too late and with no one to talk to and an early wake up; I decided my sleeping bag was a good place to be. I brought my inflatable double bed and laid the bag out on it. I luckily had set the entrance of my tent so the girls couldn't see me without actually coming over.

Lying there in my bag, I could hear them talking to each other but not able to make out what they were saying. As I lay gazing out the front entry at the stars, I thought of the few times my wife had joined me on these trips. I missed her; she would stay in camp and read as I hiked among trees. I had a feeling that she was probably looking down at me and reading my thoughts. I sighed deeply and began counting the brightest stars and trying to make out the different constellations as I began to fall asleep.


As I drifted off, I could have sworn the giggles turned into some other sound, almost like moans. I just smiled to myself and hoped the girls enjoyed their evening.

********************************************

I awoke before dawn the next morning thanks to my trusty wind-up alarm clock, dressed in my camo clothes then grabbed a quick bite for breakfast and put my daypack on. The girls were sound asleep I figured, since I didn't hear anything and it was still dark over there. Grabbing my rifle and holstering my pistol, I headed out to look around the areas I had marked the night before. Bow hunting teaches one patience and stealth if you want to kill anything. I crept out of camp trying not to make a sound and I'm quite sure the girls didn't hear a thing.

I flicked on the tiny LED light I had attached to my ball cap and made my way down the trail, silently walking and taking in the clean crisp air. The feeling of being out here alone (almost) with my thoughts made me smile. I hiked a couple miles before turning off my headlamp. The sun had climbed high enough through the fir trees that I didn't need it anymore. I could see the trail clearly and continued my slow pace taking in the various contours of the terrain. Even though I take maps and a GPS, I like to remember landmarks to help in navigation. 

I hiked most of the morning, checking for deer and elk sign on the trail and among the trees. I'd pause every so often and hide among the smaller trees to see if any animals were around. Generally, they see you before you see them; pausing and hiding under trees and shrubs with camouflaged clothes on helps you remain unseen.

I had brought my 35mm film camera with me and was hoping to get some nice shots of the large animals in the area. I hadn't seen any this morning and hoped I could use it later that day. Most of the activity occurs just after dawn or just before sunset. It's those times that the lighting seems to be better too.

By noon, I had hiked to the farthest extent of the areas I wanted to see. Not having seen any fresh sigh or heard any animals I sat down on some rim rocks above a nice pool of water and ate lunch. The sun felt so nice beating down on me as I opened my pack and got out my trail mix. I set my camera off to the side and leaned back against my pack letting the sun warm my face as I ate. It felt so nice just sitting there alone, feeling like I was the only one at the top of the world. I took my time eating, savoring each moment and the solitude. From time to time, I'd have a bird swoop close over me or a chipmunk run up to me, discovering I was a living and breathing thing. They are cute but noisy little things that like to sound an alarm when an intruder is near.

I finished my lunch and closed my eyes for a quick nap. Scouting is something that doesn't need to be rushed. I dozed off under the noonday sun, perhaps for twenty minutes or so. I returned to consciousness by the faint sound of splashing in the water below me.

Looking down from my perch among the rocks I slowly brought my camera to bear on the pond below. Glancing across it, I saw ripples spreading out across the murky water. I was hoping to see a large bull elk wallowing and kicking it up. Scanning further across the surface, past some tall fir trees that at first hindered my view of the source of the ripples, I spied the area of the origin of the waves. Now fully awake, focused my camera's telephoto lens and heard the faint sounds of female laughter.

My neighbors had found the pond and had decided to take a dip. They were skinny dipping in the cool and murky waters. Watching them for a bit through the lens I noticed that they were actually nice looking and quite cute. Neither one had a tan line; they both did have lovely long dark hair down to their mid-backs. Perky full breasts and a hint of hair where I would have assumed she should have been bushy. One of them had what looked like a butterfly or fairy tattooed on her lower back. My telephoto is good but not that good.

I watched as they would splash and play for a bit, as one would dive under and surface next to her friend the other would take her turn and do the same thing. They each would surface and quickly kiss the other, teasingly. Personally, I wouldn't have dove under the water but they didn't seen to mind. They obviously didn't mind either when as part of the game one friend surfaced and planted a big wet sloppy kiss on the waiting girl's lips. They did that a few times teasing each other then finally one of them surfaced and took the other in her arms kissing her deeply. They stood there for quite some time kissing and fondling each other, completely unaware of my prying eyes.

They continued kissing until the girl who has risen up out of the water slipped her hand between the others legs and began massaging her. As she did, the other girl arched her head back delighting in her lover's touch. After a few minutes of exploring they kissed deeply again and slowly waded ashore and laid down on a blanket. 

I'm not a voyeur but they did look rather erotic curled up together on the blanket. I watched for a bit more, becoming slightly aroused doing so. I decided that sitting there watching them go at it wasn't quite right so I quietly put my things back in my pack and slipped off my perch, hoping I remained out of view. Staying and watching in my present state of concealment was possible but I didn't know what kind of reaction I would get if caught. My wife was probably smiling at me from above as I crept away since I was doing the right thing by leaving them alone. I still didn't need to be talked to by the local county mountie about perving over two naked girls in the woods should they discover me and not like being ogled.

I finished off my hike that afternoon, exploring the areas on my map. I did manage to sneak up on a couple of large mule deer bucks that were feeding and got a picture of a nice 6 x 6 bull elk. I noted this sighting and the bucks on my map along with a waypoint on my GPS.

I sauntered back to camp in the early part of the evening. Altogether, it had been a good day, photography wise and hunting wise. The girls were had already returned to their camp and were sitting around laughing and sipping drinks.

I put my things away; hiding my rifle in the tent, I kept the pistol on my belt and laid my maps and notes on my table. Walking over to my cooler I grabbed a beer and began studying where I had been and noted what I'd seen. The cold beer tasted good as it went down. I couldn't help but picture the girls in my mind again. They weren't models, but they both had very lovely bodies. I hadn't actually been celibate since my wife's death but; two young forest nymphs would make any man yearn to "get back to nature".

I finished my beer and wandered off away from camp to relieve myself, making sure I was far enough away to avoid detection. When I returned I plopped down in my lounge chair and opened up a book I'd brought along to read. My daughter had given it to me for Christmas. It wasn't a self-help book, but one of various collected stories on different people and how they coped with the various situations with their families. I found it very interesting and related to a couple of the situations. My daughter thinks she needs to take over some of the duties of my late wife. Mostly keeping me from forgetting her mother and making sure, I eat right.

As I was finishing a chapter, I noticed out of the corner of my eye one of the girls approaching. I put down my book and stood up to greet her. 

"Hi, I'm Sandy", she smiled.

I smiled back, "Hello, I'm John nice to meet you." I offered my hand and she gently shook it.

I looked her over; even with clothes on, she looked nice. She had been the one standing when her friend popped up out of the water; coaxing her back to the blanket. If I were thirty years younger, I'd be tempted to ask her and her friend out on the town. Since I am in my fifties and with them together, they would probably refuse the offer.

"Do you always wear guns when you camp?" as she pointed to my pistol.

"Well, Sandy I hunt these woods and have been stalked before by cougars. It's better to be prepared than to become a kitty snack especially when you're alone. Since cell phones are useless out here I figure it's either him or me I'd prefer it to be him or her"

"Oh, ok but cougars are so cute" she smiled. 

"I know, and I'd never shoot one unless I felt my life was in danger, they are very quiet and can surprise you", I replied non-chalantly.

With that, she began to look a bit worried, "You're serious aren't you".

"Yes, I am. You never know when one is watching and they like to hang out up in the tree limbs so they can pounce on an unsuspecting deer or elk. I've stumbled upon a few kills in my time. They like to cover them up to hide them from coyotes."

She shivered a bit when she heard that and looked back at her friend who was pouring another glass of something to drink.

"Well, we were just wondering if you were out here hunting or what. Cherise, my friend and I, were figuring you were since you had all your camo clothing on."

"I'm just scouting for later on when hunting season comes around. I hunt with a recurve bow and you have to get close. About twenty yards away from an animal to get a good clean shot at it. At least I do, I like to be sure of my shots. I don't like wounding animals it's not fair to them", I was trying to be polite and waited for the anti-hunting tirade to begin. "Plus, I'm trying to get some good pictures of them; I enjoy photographing them as well".

She just smiled and asked, "What kinds of camera do have?"

"I have two, both Nikons; One film camera an N-80 and the other a digital D-50. I'm new to them so I'm learning as I go. I used to use a Minolta that I got in Hong Kong back in 1976".

As we talked, Cherise walked over holding her cup and one for Sandy. She smiled as she sipped from hers. She handed Sandy her cup, then slipped her arm around her waist. I took this to mean that Sandy was hers and for me to keep my paws off. She looked at me and I could tell she was staking her claim. 

I thought both young women were nice looking from what I had seen so far but Cherise had the most amazing green eyes. They made a cute couple standing there sipping their plastic cups, Cherise's arm around Sandy's tiny waist.

"John, this is Cherise, Cherise, John"

"Nice to meet you Cherise, we were just discussing wildlife photography." I casually mentioned.

"Oh cool, we're here just to get away for the weekend, do some sight seeing and relax." Cherise said. 

She looked at the pistol in my holster and figuring Sandy wasn't scared of it she wouldn't be either.

"This place is perfect for that. I was kind of surprised you two camped so close to me, with the whole forest available." I stated.

"Well there is a really nice pond about two miles down the trail and this is the trailhead," Sandy stated.

"I figured the trailhead was the reason." I confirmed. 

I went to my cooler and got a beer. I drink very little and my micro brews are for flavor, not to get a cheap buzz. I offered them one but they declined politely. 

I noticed Sandy's nipples begin to grow as Cherise's hand began to massage her lower back. If I had to guess, Sandy was new to same sex relationships. She did seem to enjoy Cherise's attention yet, was embarrassed by her the public affection. I didn't dwell on it or stare. 

"Did you guys have a nice hike today?" I questioned hoping my grin wasn't too obvious.

"Yes, we went down to the pond just after lunch and had a nice swim." Cherise smiled as she pulled Sandy a bit closer and looked into her eyes.

Sandy blushed and nodded, "It was very refreshing"

As we stood there talking a pack of coyotes began their locating calls. The girls looked a bit worried as the coyotes let out different yips and yelps trying to locate each other for the evening hunt. I grinned knowing that those "song dogs" wouldn't come close to us as long as they could scent us.

"Don't worry about them, they're looking for each other they won't bother us here in camp" I told the girls trying to ease their fears.

They both nodded and took long sips from their cups. Cherise spoke first and took me by surprise when she asked what I was doing for dinner.

I told her I had chicken I had marinated and was just going to barbeque it tonight, along with some garlic squash and French bread. 

Both their eyes lit up as Sandy confessed, "We just brought a bunch of dehydrated stuff and wine coolers."

"Well, I always bring more than I can eat; you're welcome to combine your stuff with mine". I offered.

They both smiled and chimed in together, "If you're sure."

We all laughed at that and I told them I was. They looked so cute giggling together, the thoughts of them wrapped together earlier in the day flashed through my mind. I could almost picture myself between the two of them. I know I would be spent but it would be fun for me, and hopefully them too. However, that was just a thought. I'd never make a move on either of them after seeing how Cherise was so protective. Besides why have a fifty-one year old man when you can have a twenty-year-old sweet thing?

They ran to get their food and we prepared dinner together. Cherise was an animal behaviorist and Sandy was an artist. They had met when Cherise had taken her cats over to Sandy's to have portraits made. I have a dog and he's a great dog and I take many of pictures with him in them, but too actually pay someone to paint his portrait is a bit more than I can fathom.
