 This is the story of what happened to me one sunny afternoon in Paris. I was in France on business, but my return flight was cancelled due to an air traffic controllers' strike. My wife was also away on business and I was in no hurry to get home, so I checked in to a hotel and decided to see the sights. 

By early afternoon I had had enough. It was unbearably hot, the streets were crowded with tourists and I was losing what little sympathy I might have had for the air traffic controllers. I sat down outside a busy café and ordered a beer. I was sweating profusely, and when the beer arrived I demolished half of it in one gulp. That made me feel a great deal better, and I found I myself settling down to watch the crowds pass by. As I was sitting there a young Japanese couple, laden with shopping bags, stopped by my table. The man (boy, really) was in his early twenties, about 5'5", with bronzed skin and died blond hair. The girl was shorter, extremely pretty with shoulder-length hair and a lovely smile.

"Excuse me," the girl asked, "may we sit here?"

I could hardly refuse, and, to be honest, I was glad of the company. "I am Taniko," she said, "and this is Eizo."

"Pleased to meet you, I'm Brian." 

I stood up and we shook hands. They arranged their bags around the table and we all sat down. Taniko ordered coffee for them both and we chatted for a while. Taniko's English was impeccable; Eizo's slightly less so. They were an extremely likeable pair, and I found myself warming to them. When the waiter brought their coffees I ordered another beer. 

As we chatted, I felt something brush against my leg under the table and I realised Taniko was playing footsie with me! I looked at her in surprise and she smiled. Both of them giggled in that endearing way Japanese people have.

"Would you like to come to our hotel?" Eizo asked. There it was, the offer couldn't be made much clearer. I replied with the understatement of the year. "That would be very nice," I said.

Their hotel room was much like my own, only slightly more upmarket. Taniko suggested I go into the bathroom and undress. I stripped off and had a good look at myself in the mirror. Stocky and hairy, I would never win any beauty contests, but I'm not ashamed of my body; my cock is of above average length, quite thick, and if I say so myself it looks damn good when fully aroused.

I went back to the bedroom to find Eizo and Taniko on the bed. Eizo was lying on his back, wearing a pair of tight yellow briefs, his body was smooth and hairless and I felt a stirring down below. Taniko was lying next to him, face down. She was wearing pale blue panties and white ankle-socks. Her taut buttocks looked totally irresistible, and the stirring increased.

I knelt on the bed between them. Eizo grinned up at me nonchalantly, his arms crossed behind his head. I looked into his eyes as I ran my hand up the inside of Taniko's thighs. I allowed my fingertips to brush her pussy before moving on to her gorgeous ass. Taniko purred as I gently stroked her buttocks. Eizo nodded towards his crotch as if to say 'how about me?'

I placed my other hand on his groin. I could feel his hot cock throbbing through his briefs. I squeezed rhythmically and felt him getting harder. Taniko moved over and kissed Eizo, I could tell her tongue was deep in his mouth. I moved my fingers up to Eizo's waistband and pulled his briefs down enough to free his cock. It was long, slender and smooth, circumcised to reveal a glistening purple head. By this time my own cock was achingly erect. I ran my fingers lightly along Eizo's shaft and took his knob in my hand, slowly squeezing and stroking. Taniko sat up and reached over to the side of the bed for a tube of lubricant. She raised her eyebrows at me and I nodded, taking the lube from her. Reluctantly letting go of Eizo's beautiful member, I squirted some of the lube onto my hand and reached down between my legs, rubbing the lube into my asshole; that cool wet feeling in my most intimate place made my cock twitch with anticipation.

Eizo had taken off his briefs and was now lying on his back with his legs slightly apart, his cock jutting up like a church steeple. I smeared some more lube around his knob, careful not to rub too hard. I didn't want him to come just yet! I squatted over Eizo's engorged cock, lowering myself gently onto him. As I felt him nestle against my hole I relaxed my muscles and he slipped inside me. That was such a glorious feeling, to have him filling me, I could have stayed like that forever. I did remain motionless for some time, wallowing in that feeling of fullness, my tight ass stretched by his manhood.

Taniko took off her panties to reveal the most beautiful shaven pussy I have ever seen. Straddling Eizo's head she lowered herself onto his face. I couldn't see what Eizo was doing, but I assumed he was doing it right because Taniko started that strange purring noise of hers. I started to move up and down on Eizo's cock; he was just the right size, filling me nicely without hurting. Taniko seemed fascinated by the sight of me riding her boyfriend's cock. She reached down and brushed her fingertips lightly over my knob, softly stroking my shaft. Taniko was working up a rhythm, rolling her hips, grinding her crotch into Eizo's face; then she would stop as his tongue probed deep inside her before starting the rolling motion again.

I could feel Eizo's member swelling and growing within me, so I stopped moving. Leaning back, I reached between his legs and fondled his balls. Taniko took me firmly in her hand and started tugging at my cock, sliding the foreskin back and forth. I always find this extremely arousing and I could feel my balls tighten. I resumed my up and down motion, flexing my sphincter, squeezing Eizo's rod as hard as I could. Suddenly his cock spasmed and I could feel warm cum flooding my asshole and trickling out of me. As Eizo came, Taniko began jerking my cock roughly and I spurted my seed over her breasts and belly. The sight of my cum running down between her tiny breasts was such a turn on, my orgasm seemed to last forever.

Eventually Eizo's cock softened and slipped out of me. He had carried on energetically licking Taniko's pussy and now her whole body stiffened, her eyes opened wide and a funny little cry escaped her lips. I took her in my arms and pulled her to me as she came, smearing my cum between our bodies. Taniko uttered something in Japanese, but I didn't understand and Eizo didn't reply.

When we had recovered from our orgasms, Eizo went to the bathroom to clean up. Taniko and I lay on the bed, her hand absently stroking my groin. By the time Eizo came back, my cock was rising again. Eizo was stroking his own member, which was also growing rapidly. I looked at Taniko. "Ready?" I asked. She nodded.

Taniko got on all fours and I knelt behind her. Eizo positioned himself in front of her and she began sucking his cock. I rubbed my own tool between her buttocks, her skin felt so soft and smooth, and I almost came straight away. Instead I held back and let myself calm down. Then I placed the head of my cock against her damp pussy lips. She felt very tight and I didn't want to hurt her, but she pushed her hips back at me, demanding I fuck her. In the event, I slipped in easily and she squeezed my prick with her cunt muscles. She was incredibly tight, but so wet that I could fuck her hard without causing her any pain. I really pounded into her now, no finesse at all, just a good hard fuck. 

All this time Taniko was sucking and slurping at Eizo's cock, drawing his fluid from his balls and up his shaft. As he came, Taniko let him slip out of her mouth and his cum shot high into the air, over her face, in her hair, some of it hit my cheek and dribbled onto my chest. I could feel my balls swell so I slowed down, keeping up a gentle rhythm.

Then Eizo wriggled underneath us on his back, position himself so that he could use his tongue, licking my balls, sucking them deep into his mouth as I fucked his girlfriend. Then he began running his tongue up and down my shaft and I started to thrust harder again. Eizo moved on to Taniko's clit, making her squeal. This girl certainly had a wide repertoire of noises! I pounded into her harder and harder and she came with a great gasp, pushing herself back onto my cock, clenching her muscles around me, trying to make me come. Eizo had my balls in his mouth again and he was sucking them hard as my spunk started to flow along my shaft, spurting deep into Taniko's pussy, overflowing and running down her thighs.

After that we were so exhausted we sank down onto the bed. I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing I remember is waking to see Taniko kneeling between my legs, fondling my balls and stroking my cock. Unbelievably, it started to stir again. These horny young things were insatiable, and at that moment so was I...