 Author's Note:

If you don't want to read about a woman having sex with a man that's not her husband, please hit your browser's back button. If you don't like creampie games, also hit the back button. If you like this, please read along.

You don't absolutely need to read PT#1 to follow this story, but it helps. 

*****

Pacing around the living room anxiously, Carrie finished her drink while glancing at the outfits she had brought out from her bedroom. She knew that PJ would be there at any time, and while she thought she was prepared as she could be, she hoped that he would be able to hold up his end of the bargain.

She looked out the window to see that there weren't any new cars in the driveway, then went to the kitchen to make herself another drink. She took her first sip, nodding her head in affirmation that she had mixed it right, then turned to go back to the living room and froze in place after one step. PJ was standing in the entryway, smiling at her as she stared at him in shock.

"I see you found my house easily enough." Carrie said with a laugh.

He smiled in return and walked forward to pick her up in a tight hug, kissing her deeply for almost a minute before putting her back on her feet. His hands slid up to her bare breasts, his thumbs sliding across her nipples as he stared into her eyes.

"I need this, and I need you." PJ hissed. "Your choices are either that I take you on the counter, or over the arm of the couch. I'm so hard for you right now, I'm going half insane."

"Did you forget what we talked about already?" Carrie asked as she pushed back on him and grabbed the firm lump in his jeans. "If you can't control your own body for five minutes, then we can use the couch first, but otherwise we should stick to our plan. What do you say? Did you want to use your energy to do this right, or use me like a mattress hole before we do the rest at half power?"

PJ smiled and took a step back, taking a sip of her drink from the counter before he zipped up his hoodie to hide the red blush on his ears. "I'm sorry, that was a bit too forward of me. Let's have some fun in your bedroom, but I want a sample first."

He pushed Carrie against the counter and lowered himself to one knee, moving slowly to kiss her body on his way down. Pressing against her knees, he waited until Carrie lifted one leg to the side, then leaned forward to kiss her pussy, sinking lower to the floor until he could angle his head up and suck her clit into his mouth. He stayed in place for several minutes, and Carrie almost lost sight of what she had planned with the way his tongue was dancing across her pussy.

"Wait, wait a second." Carrie panted as she sadly pushed his head away from her. "Before this gets too far, we still have a task to complete."

"Oh yeah, sorry. My head has it's own goal, and I'll let you decide if it's the small one or big one."

"Nice try, but I know that neither one of them is small. Come on, let me see what you brought."

( .)(. )

"You're sure this outfit is the one you want me to wear?" Carrie asked. "This is your last chance, so if you want another, I'll have to get it from my dresser."

"Nope, just right." PJ said as he grabbed her ass. "The other ones are too sexy for normal bedtime wear, and besides, this one has the best feeling for me when I grope you. Your ass feels amazing in these. Damn."

Carrie laughed and shook her head. "That's what Paul says too. Alright, let's get this show started, shall we?"

He nodded his head and patted himself down to make sure he had everything. Taking a firm grip of Carrie's hair, he turned her head to give her a quick kiss, and with a twinkle in his eye, he nodded towards the bed.

"Paul! Paul! Wake up." Carrie said loudly. "Paul, can you hear me? Somebody broke into our house and he's got a gun. Help me."

PJ held her loosely as Carrie held her head angled back and turned on the light switch. Paul sat up in bed, opening the end table drawer and moving his hand around in the empty space.

"I've got it, asshole." PJ hissed. "That stainless GP100 pistol is an amazing revolver, and it's mine now. Get your ass out of bed and get over here now."

"Baby, please do what he says." Carrie whispered in fear, but knowing that the handgun was safely unloaded, hiding under towels in the bathroom. "He's got me totally stuck, and he said he won't hurt us if we don't keep him happy."

Paul sighed and looked in the table's drawer as he took his hand out of it. He sat up and looked around the room, trying to keep his rage in check for the safety of his wife.

"What the hell? Sir, I don't know what you want, but let my wife go and take me in her place."

"Shut up." PJ yelled, putting his hand in the hoodie pocket and pointing the clump of frozen hot dogs at Paul. "Do what you're told and sit on that chair by the door."

Cautiously standing up, Paul walked towards the door, keeping his hands raised at shoulder height. He looked oddly at the kitchen chair in his bedroom, and how it's leg was tied to the dresser before he took a seat, watching in fear as the man moved towards him, pushing Carrie in front of him.

"Tie him up." PJ ordered Carrie, handing her four dog collars. "Get his wrists and ankles good, or you'll pay."

She whimpered as the man pushed her forward, giving Paul a brief wink before bending down to secure his limbs. Carrie pulled tight on the leather restraints, making a point to rub her nipples across his thighs as she moved to his other side to make him immobile.

"Alright, that's enough." PJ commanded, then reached into the closet to grab the nearest shirt and tied it around Paul's mouth. "Now get back here and show me where your jewelery and cash are hiding."

"We don't have more than a hundred between us." Carrie whimpered from her knees. "You can have that, and my jewelery isn't worth that much either."

"Bullshit. You've got a big house in a nice neighborhood, so you've got to have plenty. Give it up or I'm going to fuck you both up."

"No, really. I'm sorry, but we don't have much here. We aren't wealthy, even if it looks like it. Most of our money is tied up online and in bank certificates, and those are really hard to liquidate in the middle of the night. If it helps, my rings and necklaces are in that box in the corner."

PJ walked backwards to the corner, keeping one hand in his hoodie pocket and his eyes on Carrie. He pulled open the drawers and glanced into them, then snuck a receipt out of his pocked and smiled at her evilly as he waved it at her.

"Here we go, it's my lucky day. This says you bought one pair of diamond studs for over a thousand. Where are they?"

Carrie cursed under her breath, then glanced down before looking at PJ.

"They were for my mom, you asshole. We don't have them here."

"Your mom, huh? You have shit for jewelery here, so I think you're lying about dropping that kind of money on your mom's ears. If the hoops aren't in here or in your ears, they must be hiding. Take your top off and let me see that bling in your nipple piercings."

"No, no, no." Carrie whimpered, backing away from PJ. He grabbed her arm to stop her, pinning her body between his and the bed, and she stared directly at Paul while the other man opened her top.

"Damn, you've got some cute little boobs. No nipple rings to be seen, but since I'm here..."

PJ grabbed her breasts, squeezing them together and pinching her nipples. Carrie bit her lip and took a deep breath, staring directly into her husband's eyes She knew he could read the look on her face, and the fire in her body was intensifying as she felt PJ's cock pressing into her ass.

"Please let me close my shirt." Carrie whispered.

"Nope, I'm liking this view too much. Come to think of it, why stop where we're at?"

He pulled the shirt back over her shoulders, dropping it to the floor between them, then pushed on the waistband of her tiny shorts.

"No, please not that." Carrie whispered, trying to look scared as she stared at Paul and fought to keep her shorts up. "I'm not hiding any jewelery down there either. Please don't strip me naked in front of my powerless husband."

PJ pulled her arms behind her back, then slid his hand to Carrie's stomach and dipped the first two joints of his fingers below the band.

"What do you say, husband man? Are you going to let me into your wife's pants? I started chasing the quick cash and score here, but I'm sure enjoying myself now."

"No, get your damn hand out of her pajamas. She already told you that she didn't have anything down there." His voice was quiet and muffled, but they could still hear most of his words.

"I'll be the judge of that. Since you can't talk very well, I want you to think about how I'll be seeing and feeling her married pussy in a minute, and there ain't a damn thing you can do about it." He turned to Carrie and gave her a chaste kiss on the cheek before reaching up to grab her breast. "And you, pretty little lady, don't fight me or things will end badly."

PJ heard Paul growl as his hand dropped steadily until the lumps from his fingers under her shorts covered Carrie's mound. He rubbed her clit for a moment, then pulled his hand away to push down her pajama shorts. Carrie tried to twist away from him, and crossed her legs to keep the shorts from going past her knees.

"Dammit woman, quit trying to stop me. If you want this to be over with anytime soon, knock that shit off. Now fix your legs so I can get you naked."

With a whimper of fear, Carrie opened her feet. She gave Paul a wide smile before she bit her lip, trying to let him know this wasn't real. When PJ let go of her arms and knelt down to take her shorts off, Carrie kept her arms in place behind her back. She saw Paul's face change, and from the tiny wrinkles by his eyes, she could tell that he was now smiling.

"I didn't see any gold, silver, or diamonds in that quick peek I had, all I saw was pink." PJ said as he re-captured Carrie's arms.

He stroked her wet pussy, holding his hand flat so Paul could see his wife's nether lips parted by his finger, and he pulled her arms back so Carrie was grabbing his thick shaft through his pants.

"Wife lady, you'd better get on that bed on your knees and bend over. I'm going to have to inspect that pussy to make sure you ain't holding anything back."

"Please be nice to me." Carrie whispered and she knelt on the bedspread.

She kept her hands together behind her back as soon as PJ pushed her body forward, and he knelt behind her ass, reaching for her clit. He rubbed her button as he licked her wetness, shoving his tongue into her opening, happily spending a few minutes making the woman even wetter than she was. He stood up and looked at Paul, holding the hands of the other man's wife, then took off his shirt and opened his pants, pulling out his erection.

"You know what mister? Your wife's pussy tastes damn good. You're a lucky man, she's pretty sexy." PJ saw Paul's eyes widen as the man looked at his exposed cock, remembering hearing Carrie say how much bigger his cock was than her husband's. "It got me thinking, and I'll bet I can be out of your house in less than five minutes, and all you've got to do is let me know I can fuck her."

"Hmm-hm." Paul grunted, shaking his head vigorously.

"All I've got to do is point it over here and shove it in. She's soaking wet right now, it wouldn't take much. I won't even take your jewelery since it can be a pain in the ass to fence, and all you have to do is nod your head, giving me permission to shove my cock into her cunt. She'll probably even like it."

When Paul again shook his head, but with less emotion behind it.

PJ chuckled and slapped Carrie on the ass. "Nope, wrong answer, husband. Make your head go up and down, and then I'll make my head go in and out. I'm gonna fuck her anyway, so you'd better at least try to enjoy it."

"Paul, we may as well let this guy fuck me. It'll hurt if I resist him, he's way too strong for me to try and defend myself. I'm not cheating on you baby, I'm just taking one for the team."

"I think your husband likes it after all." Pj chuckled as he rubbed his cockhead across Carrie's wet lips. "He's pitching one hell of a pup tent right now. Hell, mister. I'm younger and stronger than you, and now I know my cock is bigger than yours too. Your wife is gonna love this shit."

Paul squirmed in his chair as the other people stared at the lump in his shorts, then closed his eyes and nodded his head.

"Oh no, don't close your eyes, you should watch this." PJ commanded. "Watch your wife's face. First focus on her eyes and mouth to see what my cock does to her."

As soon as the couple was looking at each other, PJ pressed forward. His cock spread her lips, and he stopped when the ridge entered her pussy. Carrie's eyes opened wide as she gasped, knowing that his cock was large, but she didn't think it would fill her up as much as it was. Her jaw dropped open and she started to pant, and she kept staring at her husband, seeing a flush spreading across his cheeks.

"Wait, stop." Carrie called back, wiggling her hands. "Go slower, I'm not used to having such a huge thing in me. Nobody has ever fucked me that deep."

PJ pulled back, and with several short and slow strokes, he worked his cock completely into the woman, groaning as he penetrated the depths of her body that no man had ever reached before.

"He's totally inside me, baby." Carrie whispered to her husband. "His cock is so huge in every way that matters, and he's fucking me with that meaty thing right in front of you. I want your body Paul, but I think I'm in lust with that cock of his."

PJ held her hips still as he pulled almost all the way out, then grunted as he pulled on her shoulders to get her upright against him before shoving deeply into her again. He held her by one breast and grabbed her ass, then looked at Paul while he spoke to Carrie.

"Hey sexy lady, reach down here like I'm doing. Pull you ass cheeks apart so I can get a tiny bit deeper inside your tight little pussy. Good girl." PJ held both of her breasts as he smiled at Paul, then moved his hands to her shoulders as he thrusted his hips to slowly fuck her. "Look at her titties, husband. Those cute little titties are bouncing because of me. The harder I fuck your wife, the more they move, and you can't do a damn thing about it but watch."

Holding onto her shoulders for support, PJ cursed under his breath as he pounded his hips into Carrie's ass. He heard a groan from Paul but didn't look up, ignoring it as he focused on the pussy giving him so much pleasure. Upset that he was going to finish so soon, he waited until the last second before speaking to Carrie while grunting.

"I'm gonna cum in your tight little pussy, but not all of it. I'm gonna need your mouth too. Wrap those pretty red lips around my cock and swallow up all my cum. Right... Nuhhhh..."

His body jerked as his balls tightened, and Carrie could feel his thick shaft engorge for a second before she felt his pulse, knowing he was cumming inside of her. PJ pulled out and easily picked Carrie up, spinning her halfway around so she was lying across the bed in front of him. One long strand of white shot from his cock and landed across her breast before he reached her mouth, and he took a handful of hair and pulled her head up.

Halfway through her climax, Carrie's eyes got wide as she saw PJ's large cock rushing to her face. "Oh my guurb..." She grunted as PJ shoved his cock into her mouth, and a new orgasm hit her as his salty warmth filled her mouth. Coughing on his cum, Carried pulled her head back, and the man took a step back, continuing to stroking as the last weak shot left his cock and landed on her breast. She swallowed what was in her mouth, then wiped away the rest from her cheek.

PJ groaned and shook his head as he moved forward to rest his mostly hard cock across Carrie's lips. "That was way too damn fast for my liking. Some chick had kept me horny all day, and my balls were so blue they were turning purple. Thanks for the release, lady. Hey, suck me a little more and clean me off real good, would you?"

She rolled off the bed and knelt by the foot of it, giving Paul a wink as she positioned herself to give him a good profile view. She looked up at PJ and opened her mouth, smiling as he presented his cock to her. Her head bobbed, with PJ's hands holding on above her ears.

"Like the way she looks, husband? Her mouth is about as good as her pussy, and with my cum all over and inside of her, I think I can kind of lay claim to her. OK honey, that's enough now. I'd love for you to get me warmed up for a second round, but I do have another two houses to hit before dawn. Oh mister, I hope you're not afraid of the taste of semen."

He stepped back and put his shirt on, leaving his dangling cock and balls on display as he stood in front of Carrie. Mouthing 'thank you' to her, he finished dressing before standing in the doorway and looking down at Paul's red face and tented shorts.

"Come here wife, I've got one last task for you. I just got done saying I had some serious blue balls, and I'm a kind and rational man. Get over here and take care of your husband's little problem, would you?"

When Carrie stood near the men, feeling excited about being the only naked person between two men, PJ continued.

"Open his shorts and bring his little guy out into the world, then sit on his lap. Don't untie him or anything, just ride his dick until he finishes inside of you. Speaking of which, I hope you don't mind if I added a little seasoning to the creampie that's brewing up in you. Oh, and dude, my apologies if I got her all stretched out down there."

Paul groaned when Carrie pulled his gag off as PJ closed the bedroom door. PJ smiled as he left the house, hearing the slapping of bodies when he walked past their window to get to his car.

"Come in me." Carrie whispered. "Mix your cum with his, Paul."

"Kiss me."

"But he just..."

"Now, dammit." Paul ordered, reaching for his wife's mouth with his and thrusting his hips up into her body. "Kiss me with your dirty whore mouth."

Carrie whined in pleasure as she bent over, seeing the lust and need in her husband's face. She kissed him deeply, slamming her hips down on his lap hard enough to slide the chair against the wall. Paul's head moved forward and Carrie's moved up, and her body clenched in pleasure as she felt her nipple being sucked on as she pressed it into his face.

When her pussy clenched in climax, Paul felt his release rush to him. It felt like he sucked her whole wet breast into his mouth as his cock exploded inside of his wife. His body clenched forward and his hips thrusted sporadically as he began to wind down, and he let go of Carrie's breast to lean back against the wall to catch his breath.

"That was kind of intense." Carrie giggled a minute later. "I hope you're not mad at me for how everything started."

"I was all kinds of worked up at first, but when I saw how you were acting, I caught on to your scheme. No baby, I'm not mad at you, and I was so incredibly turned on I almost came when I saw him fuck you for the first time. One thing that surprised me is that you remembered the thing about having me stuck in the chair. So how long did it take for you to set this whole thing up?"

Carrie stood up and groaned, looking down at her crotch. "Hold that thought, I've got to go clean up real quick."

"Oh no you don't, my sexy little beautiful whore. You fucked another man right in front of me, and probably even told him to rub it in that his cock was bigger than mine. You're not wiping that shit away, and don't let it hit the floor. One way or another, all of that cum on you and in you will stay in or on your body. I don't care if you swallow it or rub it into your boobs, but don't let it hit the floor or wash it away yet."
