 It was a long day at the office, but when I walk through the door, the first thing I see is you at the bar near the kitchen. The knit top with the plunging neckline, my favorite, hugs your beautiful 44DD breasts, and the lacy push-up bra peeks out just a bit. As you turn to greet me, you knock your blazer off of the chair. As you get up to retrieve it, the view is amazing. The red pencil skirt is nice and tight. You have stockings with seams up the back. You retrieve the jacket, smile at me and ask if I would mind fixing us drinks. As I move behind the bar, you slide back into a chair and cross your legs. The skirt hugs your legs so tightly that I can actually see the outline of a garter, and the lacy top just below the skirt hem.

While I'm making drinks, I see you applying a thick coat of bright red lipstick. I can feel my cock getting hard. I set the drink down, getting an eyeful of your magnificent cleavage and inhaling your perfume.

Seeing the tent in my pants, you waste no time grabbing my throbbing dick through the fabric. You let out a little gasp, then unzip me and free my rock hard shaft. You sink to your knees, slide one hand underneath my balls, rubbing gently while using your other hand to guide me into your eager mouth.

I let out a moan as I watch my cock slide slowly into your mouth until the tip is buried in your throat. As you pull back, I can see a huge smear of lipstick the entire length of it. While you continue driving me wild with your hot mouth, I take off my shirt.

You pick up the pace and intensity of your sucking, and before long I can feel my orgasm building. You feel my stomach muscles and balls tighten as I'm about to unload.

"Nope" you say. "No cumming for you. I'm not done with you yet." 

A wicked smile plays across your sensuous lips as you push me back into a chair. You pull two scarves from the pocket of your blazer and use them to tie my wrists to the arms of the chair. "That's to enforce the 'no touching' rule" you say as you cross the room.

You put on some slow music, and you start swaying back and forth to it, seductively rotating your hips. You remove the blazer, then reach down and grasp the bottom edge of your top, pulling it off as you lean into me. Your tits are barely contained by the revealing bra, and soon they are in my face and you rub your thigh into my aching shaft repeatedly as you continue to move to the music.

You move away from me just a bit, unzip your skirt, and let it fall to the floor. As you step out of it, I can feel my cock twitch at the sight of your long, shapely legs in stockings, garter belt and heels.

As you turn away from me, I see you are wearing a thong. I'm admiring your gorgeous ass as you lower it onto my cock, grinding it onto me in time to the music.

I see you move behind the chair to a bookshelf. In the dim light, I can't tell exactly what you take from the shelf, only that you have set it on the table to my side. Then it's front and center again as you continue your sexy show by rubbing your nipples through the thin lace of your bra. They become quite hard and strain against the fabric.

You plant your hands on the edge of the table, continuing to roll your hips enticingly. You lean into the table and push yourself up onto it. I can now see what you put on the table. You pick up a huge dildo and a bottle of flavored lube. With a look of unbridled lust in your eyes, you roll onto your back, throw your head back over the edge of the table and hold the big rubber cock over your face. You take the lube and drizzle it over the tip of the dildo, then begin licking the lube off of it. It becomes apparent you are enjoying this teasing as much as I am. Your mouth is soon taking the entire nine inches of the cock into your mouth while making slurping and sucking noises, and the fingers of your other hand push aside your panties to work on your clit. A thin film of lube trails behind the dildo as you drag it down the length of your body toward your dripping cunt. Soon it disappears into your pussy and the sounds of your moaning become louder as you work it in and out faster.

Now your breathing becomes more ragged, and your moans louder, and you thrust the massive rubber dick in and out of your slit. Soon your body convulses as an orgasm rips through you. My cock is very stiff now, the head is purple, and pre-cum oozes from the tip.

Recovering from your climax, you stand, produce another scarf, and blindfold me with it. You then untie the scarves from the arms of the chair and use them to pull me toward the bedroom. As we enter the room, I catch a whiff of unfamiliar perfume, but my mind is too overloaded with pleasure to give it any thought. The scarves hanging from my wrists are soon re-attached, this time to the bedposts. My feet are secured as well. I am spread-eagle, feeling helpless. I want so badly to touch you. My balls are aching and I desperately need release.

I feel something lightly brush over my cock and balls. "What is it, babe? " I ask, "It feels great!"

"I know how much you love my silk stockings," you reply, "I knew you'd enjoy the feeling of them, too." The feeling is exquisite as the silk brushes lightly over my balls, wraps around my shaft, and is guided expertly up and down my entire length, faster and harder. Finally, an end to this teasing! I'm about ready to shoot when you stop and squeeze the head of my aching member to prevent me from cumming. I moan in frustration.

I feel you move up toward the head of the bed, and soon I can smell the intoxicating aroma of your pussy juices as you straddle my face. I feel the heat coming off your crotch as you lower yourself onto my tongue. Soon you are moaning and grinding your clit into my mouth and I begin to suck greedily on it. "Fuck me with your tongue!" you command as you shift slightly. My tongue is soon buried deep inside you as you rub your stiff and slippery button. A scream escapes your mouth as your body tenses, then shudders with your orgasm.

Your hot breath is on my cock moments later, as you swirl your tongue around the tip. You explore the entire length of my throbbing shaft with your tongue before deep-throating me. My hips rise off the bed as you continue to suck me off. I feel lube being applied to my cock and your hands working their magic on it. "Now it's your turn to cum, baby. I need that big salty load of yours. Please give it to me." Your wish is my command, and I blast rope after rope of thick cum. After milking me dry, you remove the blindfold, and I am treated to the sight of my cum dripping from your mouth, face and neck. I shot so much that it's also in your hair and all over your tits.

"My, that is a massive load" I hear from the corner of the room. As I turn to see, you ask "Baby, you remember my secretary Lauren, don't you?" I remember Lauren, all right. She has green eyes, black hair to the middle of her back, and a killer athletic body with nice pert tits. She likes to wear clingy dresses and short skirts around the office, and I swear when I visit you there she undresses me with her eyes. Just last weekend we ran into her at the beach, and she was wearing the skimpiest bikini I've ever seen. I remember trying in vain to hide the massive bulge in my swim trunks while you were talking to her. Now, however, she was completely naked, and doing a fine job of finger-fucking herself.

"Yes, Lauren" you say, "that was a lot of cum, but with a little teamwork, we can coax out even more."

"That," purrs Lauren, "Is the best challenge you've given me as my boss."

Lauren practically flies across the room, and soon my cock is at full staff again, watching the two of you writhing and moaning in a 69 position. You reach over to the bedstand and fumble for the vibrator there. You slide it into Lauren's dripping pussy and switch it on. The shaft of this vibrator, your favorite, is slanted at just the right angle and designed so the head rests right on the G-spot. Within moments, Lauren is squealing in the throes of an intense climax.

Once again I'm tugging at my restraints and my cock is aching for release. You and Lauren are driving me insane by licking and sucking my cock and balls. I feel Lauren's silky tongue slither below my balls and begin rimming me. Meanwhile, you've pulled the vibrator from her cunt. You slather it with lube, and say "Lauren, this should send him right over the edge. We're going to drain his balls thoroughly." With that, you slide the vibrator into my ass, the head touches my prostate, and you switch it on. It feels like a jolt of electricity is surging from my prostate to my balls and cock. As Lauren deep-throats me, you lick, suck, and gently bite my nipples. My nervous system is overwhelmed by all this stimulation, and I can suddenly feel a boiling load moving through my balls and up my shaft. Lauren does her best to swallow all my spunk, but after about the third massive spurt, she cannot keep up, and you move in for the assist. I'm completely spent.

"Lauren and I are going shopping, darling." I hear your sexy voice as I drift off. "You had better rest up, because we'll be coming back with some fun things to try."

TO BE CONTINUED...