 The first thing I noticed when I awoke was the darkness. It's pitch black in the room. The second thing I noticed was that my wrists and ankles were bound to the bedposts.

Now I remember the last thing you told me before I drifted off to sleep after an exhausting three-way with your secretary. You said that you and Lauren were going shopping and that I would need to rest up for your return.

I hear a low rumbling, then the room lights up and a huge boom of thunder shakes the house. Rain and hail are pelting the roof.

Car doors slam, and then the front door. I can hear you and Lauren talking and laughing. After several minutes, Lauren enters the bedroom with a large candle.

"Power just went out," she says, "Cyndi asked me to light some candles for us in here." As she walks around the room lighting more candles, my eyes adjust and I can see she is taking the candles out of a large shopping bag with "Adult Superstore" printed on the side. They're huge candles, about 4 inches in diameter. "You're going to like this bag of tricks," she says with a sly smile.

It's then that I notice Lauren's outfit. It's a silky white camisole and the outlines of her nipples are clearly visible. Matching string bikini panties, and 5-inch heels with criss-cross straps up the calves complete the look.

Lauren sees me staring at her body and asks "You like?" as she does a slow pirouette, revealing the tight ass not contained by the thong. Before I can respond, you walk in the room wearing an equally sexy outfit. It's a black leather corset, lacy panties and thigh-high boots.

"Lauren and I had a great time shopping," you say, "I'm certain you'll like the rest of our purchases as much as you like our outfits." You pull a cat o' nine tails from the bag before continuing. "We got to know each other—our kinks and fantasies—very well." You begin lightly dragging the whip over my thighs, balls, and stiffening cock. "For example, I shared with her that I have always fantasized about being a dominatrix, and it turns out that Lauren is a submissive little pain slut. Together, we'll introduce you to the fine line between pleasure...," CRACK! You snap the whip against my thigh... "and pain."

"Shit, Cyndi, that hurt," I cry, "but it hurt soooooo good!"

The whip finds my flesh again, this time my other thigh, dangerously close to my dick.

"You will address me as Mistress Cynthia," you snarl. "Lauren, I think it's time you explained the rules to Kevin. Also, prepare your nipples."

Lauren approaches me, and I'm trying to figure out what you meant when you told her to prepare her nipples. She begins rubbing them through the thin fabric of the camisole and says "She's right, Kevin. You must always call her Mistress Cynthia, and never speak unless she talks to you first. We are here to cater to her every whim. Oh, and whatever you do, don't cum without her permission."

I tear my eyes away from Lauren's rock hard nipples, which she has rubbed until they are the size of gumdrops, to look at you.

"Listen, Cyndi, this is silly. Why don't you untie me and we'll have some real fun?"

This time the whip finds my chest, and it stings even more than before. "Mistress Cynthia!" you roar. "Lauren, it appears Kevin is a slow learner. Perhaps this training aid will help."

With that, you produce a ball gag and toss it to Lauren, who quickly puts it on me. You pull something else from the bag, and walk up behind her. Reaching around her, you pinch and twist her erect nipples. She sucks in her breath and moans and then you push her down onto the bed next to me. What you took from the bag is a pair of stainless steel nipple clamps connected to each other by a chain. You attach them to the nipples right through her top. As you adjust the tension on the clamps, you ask her "Comfortable?"

"Yes, Mistress Cynthia." she replies.

"Good." You tighten the clamps more. Lauren winces in pain, then moans with obvious pleasure.

You snap your fingers and point to a candle. Lauren nods, gets off the bed, takes two of the lighted candles from the table and hands you one.

"These candles are large diameter for a reason." you explain as you move to the foot of the bed across from Lauren. "The idea is to have a very large pool of melted wax." You both tilt the candles, and my legs are stinging with the contact of each drop of hot wax. I'm moaning through the gag as the two of you move up my body, coating it with wax. The stinging subsides as the wax hardens, and I am writhing on the bed, straining against the silk scarves binding my ankles and wrists. This is a new feeling of agony and ecstasy combined for me, and my cock is now rock hard and twitching.

You instruct Lauren to pleasure me with her mouth. "Yes, Mistress Cynthia," she answers, and proceeds to drive me crazy with her licking and sucking.

"She really is quite a talented little cocksucker, Kevin," you say. I'm thinking "No shit, Sherlock." Then you pull on the chain attached to the nipple clamps and ask Lauren, "Slut, would you like Kevin to see how excited you are getting?"

Lauren stops just long enough to blurt out "Yes, Mistress Cynthia, I would enjoy that very much," before returning her attention to my throbbing shaft.

Grabbing Lauren's ankles, you pull her body around so she is straddling my face. Her thin cotton thong panties barely cover her pussy, which is inches from my gagged mouth, and they have a wet spot about the size of a quarter on them.

"Kevin, I want you to notice that the more I inflict pain on this little whore, the more turned on she becomes." You pull on the chain and tighten the nipple clamps a bit more, and sure enough, the wet spot increases in size. As you start using the whip on her exposed ass, she moans and takes my rod balls-deep into her wet mouth. Soon her panties are thoroughly soaked.

You remove my gag and ask "Would you like to eat that sweet pussy?" No way are you going to catch me this time. I respond, "Yes, Mistress Cynthia."

"Good boy," you say, "you're starting to learn to respect your mistress."

You reach into the bag once again, and pull out a switchblade. You thumb the lever exposing the blade and cut the thong string of Lauren's panties, then the strings at the hips. As you pull the pieces off of her hot body, she lowers her dripping snatch to my eager mouth.

Watching us 69, you begin to finger yourself, slip your panties off, and tug on Lauren's nipple clamps and her hair, pulling her mouth from my cock.

Before I even know what is happening, you are riding my aching member furiously. The sounds of your moans mix with Lauren's cries of pleasure as you fuck me faster and I suck and tongue Lauren's clit.

I can feel my orgasm approaching, but I hear Lauren's words from earlier, "Whatever you do, don't cum without her permission," echoing in my head. It's a mystery to me how she can hold off her climax. I try desperately to control mine, thinking about baseball standings, doing math problems, but when you cum and your pussy walls squeeze rhythmically, I lose control and spurt my seed deep into you.

"You came without your mistress's permission, you nasty boy. Now you must pay the price," you say as you pull Lauren off of my mouth. "Suck his cock, Lauren."

"Yes, Mistress Cynthia."

As Lauren works her magic by licking and sucking your pussy juice off my dick, you straddle my face. "Your punishment for cumming without permission is to suck all of your cream out of my pussy. Every drop. Do you understand?"

I reply, "Yes, Mistress Cynthia," and begin working on getting all my semen out of your hot cunt. I have never tasted my own spunk before. It has a very strong flavor, but not unpleasant. Mixed with your juices, it is both salty and sweet. Soon you are moaning as I finish eating you out and move to your stiff button.

"Lauren," you say, "You've done an excellent job making his cock hard again. You may now fuck it, reverse cowgirl."

"Thank you, Mistress Cynthia," she replies as she lowers herself onto me.

As Lauren picks up the tempo, you pick up the cat 'o nine tails, and begin slapping it against her back in rhythm with her cock riding.

I can feel yet another orgasm building, and once again try holding back. It's very difficult because Lauren's tight little box is contracting and your body is tensing as you both near your orgasms.

"Permission to climax, both of you!" you shout between moans as your orgasm washes over you. Your hot juices pour out onto my face and down my neck. At the same time, Lauren's pussy clamps down on my hardness as she screams with her own climax. This causes my cock to erupt and fill her cunt with my load. I feel her juices, mixed with my cream, dripping from her onto my balls. As Lauren collapses onto the bed, she reaches down and unties my ankles. You recover from your climax and unbind my hands. We bask in the afterglow, then Lauren gets up and returns with three glasses of red wine. She hands one to me and one to you.

You say "Thank you for playing along. That was very intense, and we haven't even used half of the toys from the bag."

You raise a glass, and Lauren and I follow suit. "To future adventures," you toast. We clink glasses and then wash away the lingering taste of our love juices with the wine.