 'What a trip!' I thought as I woke up. First Toni the night before and then Sarah and Toni this morning. I was so spent that I slept the afternoon and most of the night away. My stomach growled forcing me out of bed. The room was empty.

"I should have visited Tara sooner!" I laughed to myself, but the thought of my cousin made me frown. 

She, Toni and Sarah had some fun as well this morning. I think it surprised her even more than me. I was a little concerned about how she would handle it. I sighed and shrugged because it was a problem for later.

"A shower and then some food," I said to myself as I stretched. "After that, I'll see if I can find anyone." I got up and made my way to the shower. I was getting dressed when Sarah returned.

"So, you're finally awake," Sarah grinned.

"You guys wore me out so much that I would probably have slept through the night if not for the fact that I'm starving," I replied. Sarah's grin turned into a laugh.

"Well, we can stop at a pizzeria on the way to Tara's sorority. There's a party tonight and your cousin said to bring you by if you ever joined the land of the living again," Sarah teased as she leaned against the door waiting for me.

I finished dressing and walked up to Sarah. She started opening the door, but I pushed it closed as I leaned forward and kissed her. Her blue eyes danced for a moment before she closed them and wrapped her arms around my neck. My cousin's roommate slipped her tongue into my mouth. We stood like that for quite some time.

"You know, we don't have to go to the party," I said when we finally broke apart. Sarah laughed.

"Yes, we do. I promised Tara I would bring you," Sarah replied. "Besides, I'll need a few days to recover from this morning's fun."

"That long?" I teased.

"Not normally," she replied with a shrug. "But between Toni, Tara and especially you, I may not walk right for a while." I grinned.

We stopped at a pizzeria briefly on our way to the sorority. Sarah had a slice. I finished one while we were there and ate another as we made our way to the sorority.

"So, how come you didn't join a sorority?" I asked. Sarah shrugged.

"I was busy with Sam," she said, but then added. "And honestly, I know I'm not all that easy to get a long with. I was very lucky in getting your cousin as a roommate."

"So then why didn't you try and join Tara's sorority with her?" I asked. Sarah laughed.

"Your cousin's sorority has a reputation of being the 'nice girl' sorority," she replied.

"So?" I prompted.

"Well, isn't it obvious? I'm not a nice girl," Sarah joked.

"You're not that bad," I teased back. "And based on Toni and Tara, I don't think the girls in the sorority are all that innocent."

"They were before you came to visit," she replied. "I never met a girl who seemed more straight than Tara, yet you're here for a day and she let me fulfill quite a few of my fantasies."

"That wasn't like her at all," I said, more to myself then Sarah. 

"That's what I'm saying," Sarah agreed. "One of us may need to talk to her tomorrow and make sure she's okay." I nodded in agreement.

We arrived at the sorority not long afterward. Sarah handed me off to Tara and then promptly disappeared. Tara was a little drunk. She was excited to see me and quickly introduced me around. I met so many people that there was no chance I would remember everyone's name. 

The girls in Tara's sorority came in all different sizes, shapes and colors. It was actually a little odd to me because at my school the sororities tended to attract girls of a type. 

Of course, part of that might have to do with the fact that my school has a lot of sororities. For instance, there wasn't just a jock sorority. There was a sorority for the swimmers, another for the softball players and others for the different sports. There were as many sororities as there were fraternities. That wasn't so at Tara's school. There were only a handful of sororities here.

"Tom, these are two of my pledge sisters," Tara said, pointing out two ladies. They were as different as possible. Neither would be considered beautiful, but both were attractive.

"He's cute," the smaller one said. She was barely five feet tall and Asian. 

"This one is Jazzy," Tara said with a roll of her eyes. "She's a big flirt, but she has a boyfriend back home. Don't waste your time."

"Spoil sport!" Jazzy snapped, but she was smiling.

"This is Connie," my cousin added, pointing to the other girl. Connie smiled, but was obviously distracted. She was tall with light brown hair and large full breasts.

"I have to go," Connie quickly said suddenly. "I think the Bitch is looking for me."

"She's really been tough on you recently," Jazzy said with a frown. Connie shrugged and disappeared into the crowd.

"The Bitch?" I asked, already half guessing the answer.

"The pledge mistress," Tara replied. I nodded. This girl must be a real winner. Not a single pledge mentioned her with anything other than fear and loathing.

"How about a dance?" Jazzy asked me. I looked at Tara who shrugged.

"Why not?" I smiled and danced for a while. Jazzy passed me off to one of the other pledges after a couple of songs. This girl was taller and prettier, but I never even got her name.

I excused myself and made my way to the bar when I became thirsty. Tara was doing some sort of sorority duty and I noticed Sarah talking to Leslie, the girl from the night before. Thankfully, she left her foosball-playing friends behind.

I just got a refill on my beer when someone pulled me around by the shoulder. I was surprised, but like a true fraternity member, I found a way of not spilling anything.

"Hey!" I cried, but the blond girl in front of me ignored my words. She had a face that would probably be pretty if she ever smiled. She was also the only other woman present who could give Connie a run for her money in the chest department.

"You're Tara's cousin Tom right?" she asked. I didn't recognize her.

"Yes," I replied. I barely got the word out before she dragged me over to a side table where a group of people was standing.

"Can you chug?" she asked.

"Not very well," I replied honestly.

"Damn! Well, you'll have to do," she said. I had just about enough.

"Excuse me, what are you talking about?" I asked. I was reasonably certain she would have ignored the question if I didn't grab her shoulder. She seemed annoyed at me. 

"Some of the pledges were supposed to have a chugging contest against the pledges of one of the fraternities. The fraternity pledges screwed up something and the brothers won't let them show. Now I have to scrounge up some competition," she replied.

"Why not just cancel?" I asked.

"Because this was supposed to be a punishment for our pledges. Besides, I think a couple of them convinced the fraternity pledges to screw up so they wouldn't have to chug. I won't let them get away with it," she snapped. The way she was talking made it pretty obvious who she had to be.

"You're the pledge mistress," I sighed.

"Yes, now wait here or your cousin will regret it," she said pulling free from my grasp. I thought to tell her where she could go, but she didn't seem like the type to make idle threats and I already added enough craziness to Tara's life this visit.

My cousin arrived a few moments later with a bunch of the pledges. There were fifteen of them. I must have met at least half of them, but I couldn't remember more than a couple of names. The pledge mistress set everything up. 

Four guys and I stepped to one side of the table. They poured each of us a full cup of beer. I almost laughed. The cups were little nine ouncers. You didn't chug out of nine ounce cups. You chugged out of 12 ounce cups minimally. My fraternity used 16 ouncers. I was well into the bottom half of my pledge class when it came to chugging, but even I could chug fast with nine ounces.

"Here are the rules. Since we only have five male volunteers, we'll have to do this in three shifts."

"Who volunteered?" the guy next to me said. The pledge mistress gave him a nasty look. I grinned.

"Tell me about it," I said to the guy.

"I'm Lee," he said, holding out his hand. I shook it. He was a little shorter than I was, but stocky. He had dark hair and light eyes.

"Tom," I replied.

"How did you get suckered into this?" he asked.

"My cousin's a pledge," I replied. He laughed.

"My sister."

"If you two don't mind," the pledge mistress snapped at us. 

"Sorry," I said, not really meaning it. One of the pledges must have said something because the blond quickly turned back to them and snapped at one of them threateningly. 

"She is something else," Lee sighed.

"I could just picture her with a whip and a mask," I said lowly. Lee burst out laughing. The pledge mistress turned back toward us. This time Lee apologized as I stood looking as innocent as I could. Everyone finally settled down and let her finish stating the rules.

"Any pledge who wins her chug gets out of cleanup tonight. However, if she looses she'll have to stay late for clean up. Okay, let's get started."

As it turned out Tara was in the first group. She lined up against me. I was distracted from her briefly by the girl who stood in front of Lee.

"Hi sis. There's no way you're going to win," Lee said to the young woman across from him. Her name was Kelly. She smiled nervously back and shrugged. She was pretty with long dark hair and a nice tan. I found her extremely attractive and would have stared if Tara didn't interrupt.

"Um Tom, could I talk you into letting me win?" she whispered. 

"What do you think?" I grinned.

"Creep!" she said, only half in jest.

"One more thing, you can't chug against someone you know," the pledge mistress said when she noticed Tara and Kelly.

"You know, I starting to dislike her," I said lowly.

"Wait until you get to know her, you'll learn to hold her in the same regard as us pledges," Kelly said. I laughed as Tara and Kelly switched places. Lee looked at me.

"Well?" was all he said, but I knew what he meant.

"Okay," I replied.

The contest began and it was a pathetic site. The other three guys won easily. I was not surprised when Tara finished before Lee, but at least she did a respectable job. Kelly on the other hand, had to be the worse chugger I ever saw. I did my best, but even still, I almost beat her by accident.

"That's a lot harder then it looks," I said when we were done. Lee laughed and slapped me on the back.

"I don't think I've ever seen a slower chug then that," he replied.

"Were we chugging?" I replied. This time Tara and Kelly smiled. The pledge mistress came over and we quieted.

"That was terrible," she said flatly to me.

"I told you I wasn't very good. I'm more than willing to stop now," I replied innocently. She turned away disgusted.

The next round was set up. This time Jazzy stood across from me. She smiled and winked. I sighed as the pledge mistress started the next chug. Lee and I were once again the only two guys to lose. Jazzy was actually pretty good, so it wasn't half as painful to lose to her.

"You're pathetic," I said to Lee.

"Look who's talking," he replied.

The final chug went no differently with the exception that their seemed to be a disagreement between the pledges on who would compete against Lee and me.

"Boy, we're popular," Lee said.

"Must be the cologne," I replied just before losing for the third time.

"I never want to do that again," Lee said as we walked away from the table.

"I'm with you," I replied. We went to the bar and got beers. Tara and Kelly walked over with the other four girls who beat one or the other of us. They all thanked us. Lee's attention seemed focused on Tara. I smiled and shrugged. I was having my own problems not staring at his sister Kelly. We chatted for a while before they were all called away for more pledge stuff. 

Lee and I went and got another beer. We stood around for quite some time bullshitting. He was a nice enough guy. I was a little protective of Tara, but Lee seemed okay. I hoped he felt the same way about me because Kelly was something else.

If only she weren't so shy and quiet. She really looked like she fit the sorority's reputation. She had that girl next door look with the innocent smile and all. My thoughts were distracted when Lee excused himself to go to the restroom. He barely left before the pledge mistress found me.

"You, come with me," she demanded grabbing my hands. I pulled my hand away.

"I don't think so," I said.

"If you don't, I'll make your cousin's pledge period a living hell," she bluntly replied. I sighed.

"You know, that threat is getting old," I replied.

"Yes, but it's effective. Besides, you'll like this," she said with a grin. She surprised me. It was the first sign of humor she'd shown all night. She took my hand once again and led me out of the basement and up to where the sisters slept.

"What's going on?" I asked. She smiled.

"I have another job for you," she said.

"What?" I replied. The pledge mistress hesitated. That surprised me because she didn't seem like a person who hesitated often. 

"Well, I can only tell you if you swear to never tell anyone else what I say. I can't make you do this, but I expect you'll like it. In either case, you can't tell anyone. This includes your cousin Tara," she said seriously.

"What makes you think my word is worth anything?" I asked. The pledge mistress smiled.

"Your cousin says she trusts you over anyone else. Tara's not the type to give her trust to someone who would break his word," she said. I sighed. She was right. I wouldn't give her my word unless I fully intended to keep it.

"Okay, you've got me curious. You have my word," I said in agreement. "Now, what are you talking about?"

"Come into the next room and I'll show you," she smiled. We went in the room and I was surprised to say the least.

"You must remain silent or this is over," the pledge mistress said. I was so dumb founded silence wasn't a problem. The pledge I met with Jazzy was sitting on the end of a full size bed. 

She was naked except for some hot, white, sexy underwear. If anything, her chest looked even larger than I remembered. She was also wearing a blindfold.

"This is Connie. She's one of my pledges. There's three more weeks left before she and the others become sisters, however its come to my attention that this pledge has a bit of a reputation with some of the fraternities," the pledge mistress said.

"I got drunk and slept with one brother of one fraternity! It's not like I screwed the whole house or something," Connie grumbled.

"Silence!" the pledge mistress snapped. "You know that your reputation affects the sororities reputation. I will not have your misconduct hurt our sisterhood. No one likes someone who kisses and tells!"

"I didn't say anything. It must have been that jerk Brad!" Connie replied.

"So you say," the pledge mistress snapped. "If you're telling the truth then you need to be more careful in picking your partners. If you're not, then you'll never make sister. I'll know for sure after we are done here." I was dying to ask a question. The pledge mistress saw me biting my lip and shook her head as she smiled.

"I spoke with Connie earlier in the week," she said to me. "I was going to drop her from the pledge class because of her misconduct, but she begged me to let her stay. I gave her a choice." I looked at her with raised eyebrow. The pledge mistress winked once again.

"Either she leaves the sorority or she passes a test of my own devising that will prove her ability to keep our reputation as a sorority clean," she said. Her smile was verging on being evil.

"That's where you come in," she added. "Connie will sleep with you and have to remain quiet about it afterward. The blindfold is to protect you if she can't keep a secret."

"I'll be sure to hear about what happens here before it's time to make her a sister if she tells anyone. Something like this gets around fast," the pledge master said.

I made to ask a question despite her earlier warning, but she quickly covered my mouth with her own. It was a surprisingly nice kiss. She pulled away after a moment.

"If you talk, then she fails," the pledge mistress warned. I sighed and nodded.

"There is one more thing you need to know," she said. This time her smile was evil. "As punishment for what she has already done she has agreed to let you do anything to her you want with only a couple of exceptions." I raised my eyebrows and glanced over at Connie. She was blushing.

"You can't leave any marks and you can't hurt her. She is not into pain," the pledge mistress said. "Also, nothing too degrading." I nodded in agreement.

"This test is completely voluntary. If she takes her punishment and keeps her mouth shut afterward, then she becomes a sister. If not, she's out," she said and I relaxed a little.

"Connie, you must answer these question aloud. Nodding will not be accepted. Are you taking this test voluntary correct?" she asked. 

Connie stammered out a "Yes".

"You understand that this test is sexual in nature?" she asked. 

"Yes."

"You can't remove your blindfold at any time. Do you understand?" 

"Yes."

"You will never know who will be with you. It could be a close friend or a total stranger. It could be a professor or a well-hung black man. It could be anyone. You'll never know," she said.

"I understand," Connie replied, but she looked pale behind her blindfold.

"If at anytime you want to stop all you need do is simply say, 'I surrender'", the pledge mistress said. "However, be careful because if you say this you are out of the sorority."

"Okay," Connie sighed.

"This is your last chance. Do you want to continue?" The pledge mistress asked. Connie swallowed hard once before answering.

"Yes."

"Okay, have fun," the pledge mistress said turning on background music. She opened and closed the door, but did not actually leave. I'm sure Connie thought she did. The pledge mistress waved me toward Connie. I shook my head as I made my way over. I found myself wondering how this sorority ever got the reputation of being the 'nice girl' sorority.

I took Connie's hand when I finally reached her. She nearly jumped out of her skin. 

"Please, take you time," she asked nervously.

I moved her so that she was lying on the bed face down. She was so tense that it was almost funny. I started gently massaging her shoulders. Connie started to relax after a few minutes. She jumped a little when I undid her bra, but she didn't budge when my hands fell to her ass a little while later.

Eventually she grew comfortable enough to roll over. I continued massaging as I removed the underwear. She smiled when my hands brushed her nipples.

"Thanks for not rushing. I'm okay now," she said. I leaned forward and kissed her. She returned it fervently as she reached down and fumbled with my pants. She gasped when she finally got her hand around my shaft and pulled it out of my pants. It's a good thing too, because so did the pledge mistress.

"My God, you're huge!" she said as her pledge mistress nodded vigorously in agreement. I stifled a laugh.

Connie rolled over and took me in her mouth. I enjoyed the feeling as I watched the pledge mistress sitting in a chair in the corner. She was slowly fingering herself under her underwear. Connie cupped my balls with one of her hands and tried to deep throat me. She couldn't quiet make it, but it was fun to watch her try. It also felt amazing.

Eventually, I moved us until Connie's pussy was facing the pledge mistress. I slipped under Connie. We were now lying in a sixty-nine position with me on the bottom.

I was slightly off center so that the pledge mistress could watch as I ate the pledge's pussy. It was a hairy pussy, but I didn't mind. I kept glancing at the pledge mistress every once and a while. 
