 "Hurry up!"

I groaned. It was Kelly voice, but she wasn't talking to me so I attempted to roll over and go back to bed. All I wanted to do was sleep a few more hours!

"Emma's going to kill us!" Tara cried. I sighed and rolled back. It was no use. Tara never used Emma's real name. She always called her the pledge mistress or the bitch. She must really be upset to use Emma's name.

The first thing I noticed was Tara and Kelly scrambling for clothes. Lee lay awake on the other bed. He was grinning.

"They're late for their initiation," he said.

"No we're not! It's only ten fifty-five," Kelly snapped at her brother.

"You've got five minutes," he added, still grinning.

"Jerk!" she replied with a nasty look. I was still a little bleary eyed, but it really was funny watching Tara and Kelly throw on their clothes so haphazardly, or at least it would have been if they didn't look so upset.

"Relax," I sighed. "The stupid sorority is lucky to get you too." Kelly quickly leaned over and kissed me.

"Thanks," she said. "I'll see you later." The two ladies dashed out the door in record time. I'm sure they ran the entire way. Lee and I exchanged looks.

"One hell of a night," I said.

"You said it," he replied with a grin. I rolled back over.

"Goodnight," I sighed.

"Later," Lee replied as he shut the light and crawled back under the covers.

I woke up to someone shaking me roughly. I could hear a female voice speaking, but I couldn't understand what it was saying. It took me a moment to realize that it must be Sarah speaking Hebrew. That wasn't a good sign.

I opened my eyes and saw my cousin's roommate standing over me. Her boyfriend Richard was with her. So was Tara's sorority big sister, Toni. She was grinning at me and shaking her head.

"I'm glad you had a good time last night, but if you don't change the sheets on my bed immediately, I'm going to kill you," Sarah said with a forced smile. Lee started laughing on the other bed.

"I've seen her temper. She's not kidding," I said. Lee laughed harder. Toni came over and gave me a quick kiss hello and then waved to Kelly's brother. 

"Hello, Lee," she said. Both ladies seemed to know Lee already. That saved me an introduction, but not Sarah. She introduced Lee to Richard. 

"Hello," Lee said. Richard nodded.

"How are the pledges doing?" I asked, changing the subject. Toni grinned.

"You almost got your cousin and Kelly kicked out of the ceremony. They were three minutes late," she said.

"What happened?" Lee asked. Toni shrugged.

"Really, not that much. Emma gave them a nasty look, but didn't say anything." 

"Who's Emma?" Lee asked.

"She the pledge mistress," I replied without thinking. Toni looked at me carefully.

"How did you know?" she asked.

"I've got a good memory," I replied carefully. She didn't look like she was completely buying it, but she shrugged. 

"You guys have about two hours to get dressed and meet at the sorority. They're already sisters, but they can't leave yet," Toni said, and then grinning added, "Actually, make it two hours and a half. Tara and Kelly said something about taking a shower and getting cleaned up before the party."

"They really did just roll out of bed, throw on some clothes and run to the sorority," Lee said.

"Yeah," I grinned. "For a moment there I thought they were going to skip putting on clothes! They were that afraid of what the pledge mistress was going to do to them if they were late."

"Emma's really not that bad," Toni laughed. They were obviously friends.

"That's not what Kelly says," Lee added, causing Toni to laugh harder. Everyone joined her.

"My sheets," Sarah said pointedly once the laughter died down.

"Okay," I sighed. "I'll get dressed and take your sheets to the laundry if everyone would just leave the room for a moment."

"I'll see you later at the party," Toni said with a wave as she slipped out the door. Sarah turned her back instead of leaving the room.

"I'm not looking," she said. "Get going." Poor Richard didn't know what to do, but eventually he decided on standing next to Sarah. They were both looking out of the window, Sarah impatiently. I looked at Lee, smiled and shrugged. He and I jumped out of bed and threw on some clothes. I stripped Sarah's bed as she watched over me. Lee laughed again.

"You might as well get that one," Sarah said to him. He stopped laughing, sighed and took the sheets off of my cousin's bed. I did my best, but I couldn't help it. I laughed.

We put the sheets in the wash down the hall. Lee left to get cleaned up for the party. I took a shower and then threw the sheets into the dryer. Lee and I met for an early dinner. We spent the whole time swapping stories about Tara and Kelly.

"You really do love her, don't you?" he asked after a brief silence. 

"Yes," I replied. "I can't really explain it, but it's like we were meant for each other."

"She feels the same way," he said with a smile. "I'm happy for you both."

"Thanks," I said, and then asked, "What about you and my cousin?" He hesitated.

"I don't know really. She and I are going to have to talk soon," he replied. We fell silent and finished eating. 

"We have to stop by the laundry room for the sheets before going to the party," I reminded Lee.

"Sarah seems like a real piece of work," Lee grinned.

"She's a bit prickly, but Tara really likes her," I said offhandedly. I liked Lee, but it wasn't my place to share with him what happened the last time I visited. Don't get me wrong. I'm a guy, so of course I wanted to tell him, but it wouldn't be right. Maybe he'd find out for himself if he were lucky.

I opened the door to Tara and Sarah's room and shook my head at what I saw. Richard was sitting on a chair while Sarah kneeled in front of him. She was busy stroking and licking his cock. Lee entered the room right behind me and turned bright red. He stuttered for a moment before falling silent.

"Couldn't wait for the sheets?" I said with a grin. Sarah smiled back. Richard looked uncomfortable. He tried to get up, but Sarah wouldn't let him.

"No! This is my room, not theirs. We stay, they leave," she said pointedly. Lee shook his head and left without a word.

"Have fun!" I said before turning and joining him.

"She's not shy, is she?" Lee asked. I grinned and shook my head. The chances of Lee seeing Sarah's wild side just rose significantly, but only time would tell. 

The party was in full swing when we got to the sorority. Lee and I wandered until we found Tara and Kelly. A bunch of the new sisters were talking to some fraternity brothers. Tara and Kelly broke away from the group and joined us. 

For the next few hours we talked, danced and played drinking games. I was reintroduced to a number of the ladies. Connie was there so I figured that she kept her mouth shut about what happened the last time I was at the sorority. She was smiling happily. Jazzy was with her and the two looked pretty drunk. Kelly noticed where I was looking.

"Not Jazzy?" she asked with a raised eyebrow.

"What?" I asked, trying to sound innocent.

"Don't give me that!" Kelly snapped. "You know exactly what I mean." I laughed. I did know what she meant. Kelly was dying of curiosity. She wanted desperately to know what other members of her sorority I slept with the last time I visited.

"Not Jazzy," I finally replied. "Although it sounds like you wish she was one of them."

"She cute," Kelly said, biting her lip. I laughed and she blushed. "It's just that there is something about her that makes me think she has a wild side."

"A side you'd like to explore?" I asked, already knowing the answer. Kelly smiled and licked her lips. My cock twitched. I was tempted grab her and make my way to the bedrooms upstairs, but it was her party and there would be plenty of time for sex later. Of course, a few moments later I found that Emma disagreed.

She found me dancing and obviously didn't realize that I was dating Kelly. Emma grabbed my hand and pulled me off of the dance floor. I quickly grabbed Kelly's hand as we left. Emma didn't notice until we were in the upstairs hall. She let go of my hand when she did. She didn't look happy, but I grabbed her hand and led both ladies to her room before she could say anything or disappeared.

"What's going on?" Kelly asked when we got there, but she knew me well enough to read my face. I think her question was just a reaction to her surprise. 

"Yeah, I'd like to know too," Emma asked nervously.

"Well Emma, I guess you can say Kelly and I are dating," I said. Emma looked miffed for a moment, but then shrugged with a smile.

"I figured that when you brought her with you. It's no big deal. I just wanted to thank you for your help with the chugging contest last time," she said. I ignored her lie.

"Kelly, last time I was here, Emma and I hit it off rather well," I said. Emma snorted.

"Don't make it sound like that. We just talked," Emma lied. I sighed to myself, but I refused to break my word. My only chance was to see if I could get Emma to admit the truth. I shrugged and changed the subject. 

"So, what do you think about Kelly here as a new sister?" I asked. Emma grinned.

"She fits in well. She's a good addition to the house. I'm sort of proud that I was her pledge mistress," Emma answered honestly. Kelly looked shocked.

"But you were such a bitch to me!" she blurted out, and then turned red as she realized what she said. Emma laughed.

"Of course I was! I was the pledge mistress. It was my job to be a bitch," she answered.

"But you enjoyed it!" Kelly snapped. This time I laughed and decided to take a chance. Kelly was going to be really angry if this didn't work out.

"Like you wouldn't be if you were the pledge mistress," I said. Kelly turned a little red, but didn't deny my accusation. 

"Really? I wouldn't have guessed," Emma said in surprise. "Although I should have had some idea that little Kelly here isn't what I'd expect. After all, she's seeing you." We were still standing. I had my back to the door and hadn't let go of their hands yet, even when Emma tried to let go of mine.

"Yeah, she all sweet and nice on the outside, but get her alone and she can be a real pervert!" I replied.

"Tom!" Kelly said in surprise. I pulled her into a deep kiss before she could object anymore. She responded to my probing tongue with her own. It was a long wet kiss. 

"I guess you two want to be alone," Emma said. She tried to get away again, but I didn't let go of her hand. 

"What makes you think that?" I replied, slowly pulling Emma toward me. I gave her a chance to break away, but she didn't. I drew her lips to mine and kissed her as well. By this time Kelly was pretty much expecting it, but Emma acted as if she was surprised.

"Hey!" Emma said indignantly when the kiss broke.

"Look, Emma. Kelly and I are really in love, but we're also reasonably open-minded. You can stay or go, all we ask is that you don't go telling everyone that we're so open. We don't want to ruin Kelly's sweet and innocent reputation. I'm sure you can understand that," I said with a grin.

I turned my attention to Kelly and stripped off her clothes as she undid my pants. Kelly reached in my pants and grabbed hold of my cock. Emma was watching us with her mouth hanging open. Kelly dropped to her knees and started sucking me off.

"I never realized that you were this way Kelly," Emma finally said. Kelly smiled and shrugged without letting go of my cock.

"So Emma, what's it going to be? Are you staying or going?" I asked. Her eyes were locked on Kelly's actions.

"Just how perverted are you Kelly?" Emma asked. Kelly released my cock to answer.

"Well, not that per..." Kelly began to reply defensively, but I cut her off.

"Emma, take off your clothes and find out for yourself. I promise, you won't be disappointed," I said. I pulled her to me when she hesitated again. She spun so that her back was to me. I kissed her neck and started massaging her large breasts through her sweater. She fought me at first a little, but then she leaned back, turned her head and kissed me as I continued to rub her chest. I noticed that Kelly was looking up watching us.

"Kelly, you really don't mind?" Emma asked. Kelly smiled, stood and kissed Emma. 

"Oh yeah!" Emma cried and then returned Kelly's kiss passionately. I reached around and unbuttoned Emma's pants while Kelly pulled off her sweater and bra. Now both Kelly and Emma were naked.

"Do you mind?" Kelly asked Emma. She was looking at the blonde's large breasts and licking her lips. Emma reached down between Kelly's legs and used her fingers to strum my girlfriend's clit. Kelly rightfully took Emma's actions as an answer to her question. She buried her face between Emma breasts and used both hands to caress them. 

Emma moaned softly. I watched the two ladies as I undressed. Kelly continued to lick Emma's breasts and the blonde continued to play with my girlfriend's clit. I sat on the bed and slowly stroked myself as I watched.

I'm not sure who was more surprised when Kelly spun her ex-pledge mistress around and pushed Emma against the wall. My girlfriend then dropped to her knees again, spread Emma's legs apart and started licking the big-breasted woman's pussy. Emma leaned against the wall, spread her legs as far as they would go and moaned loudly. Kelly held the blonde's meaty ass cheeks apart and let her tongue roam. Emma groaned even louder when Kelly's tongue slipped into her ass. 

"Jesus, you're one horny slut!" Emma gasped.

"It takes one to know one!" Kelly replied. I continued to slowly stroke myself as I watched them. Kelly motioned for me to come over when Emma neared her orgasm. She grabbed my cock and directed it to Emma's pussy. I pushed in with one long, slow stroke. Emma gasped, moments away from orgasm.

"Oh! I've certainly missed you Big Dick!" she cried out. Kelly looked at me with her eyebrow raised. 

"Nice nickname. It fits," she said with a grin. I shrugged and started fucking Emma. I continued until the ex-pledge mistress came. I had to hold her up until she was done.

Kelly led the dazed Emma to the bed. She laid her down and then climbed up on the bed. She started kissing Emma again. Her tongue trailed from Emma's mouth to her chest and back again. Emma lay there panting and moaning. She returned Kelly's kisses passionately.

Kelly was on her stomach and I couldn't ignore the opportunity. I walked up behind her and kissed her hot, sticky pussy. It tasted delicious! I continued to lick her until it was her turn to orgasm. Kelly shoved her tongue down Emma's throat as she came. I stood and slowly inserted my cock into my girlfriend's pussy. She sighed.

Emma moved beneath Kelly and attacked her clit as I started stroking in and out. Kelly returned the favor. I could feel Emma's tongue every so often against my cock. I started slamming into Kelly, but she came again before I did and rolled off of Emma. My cock slipped free. It was wet with Kelly's juices and hard with a strong need of release.

Emma happily fell on my dick. She sucked the head in and used both hands to stroke me before smiling and wrapping my cock in her huge tits. She slowly started moving them up and down. My cock responded by getting even harder. Kelly lay quietly watching. She certainly seemed to be enjoying what she was seeing.

Kelly finally reached over and caressed my balls. I groaned and came. Emma took the first spurt down her throat, but let the rest of my cum spray her chest and face. Kelly smiled.

"Looks tasty," she said, licking her lips. Emma smiled knowingly as she massaged my cum into her breasts.

"Then why don't you come taste it?" Emma replied, her smile turning into a grin. That was all the invitation Kelly needed. She first kissed and licked the cum off of Emma's face and lips. They shared one passionate and I'm sure, sticky kiss. Kelly's hands went to Emma's breasts.

"Your chest is amazing," Kelly said as she cupped Emma's breasts.

"Thanks," Emma replied, obviously proud of her endowment. Kelly fell on the blonde's large, cum covered tits. Emma gasped. I watched Kelly lick and suck Emma's breasts until there was no sign of my cum. It took quite a while, but neither woman seemed bothered the amount if time that passed.

Kelly focused on Emma's nipples once she took care of my cum. She teased the blond pledge mistress unmercifully. Emma loved it. 

"You really like Emma breasts, don't you?" I asked.

"What's not to like?" she asked in replied, diving between the two breasts. Emma looked like she was trying to wrap Kelly's head in her tits. She came damn close to succeeding too. I wanted to dive in and join the two of them, but first things first.

"I'll be right back," I said as I started putting on my clothes. I didn't want to go anywhere, but nature called.

"Where do you think you're going?" Kelly asked.

"I've got to go to the restroom. I'll be right back. Why don't you get Emma's ass ready? I'm sure she's going to like what I do to it when I get back." Kelly grinned and Emma moaned. 

I went to the bathroom and passed Sarah, Tara, Lee and Leslie in the hall on the way back. They all looked to be feeling no pain.

"Where's Richard?" I asked Sarah after saying hello. Leslie answered.

"He had something to do tonight so Sarah decided to drudge up an old friend and hang out," she said with a laugh. Leslie had a pretty face and average tits. Her waist was surprisingly thin considering the size of her ass. She always wore skirts.

"I actually have to leave now to meet him," Sarah said, and then turned to Leslie and added, "And who was avoiding who? After all, you're still hanging out with the looser and your boyfriend Larry."

"Sarah, you really must keep in touch. Larry and I broke up over a week ago," Leslie said. 

"So that's why you started calling again recently," Sarah replied angrily.

"And you've been blowing me off because of Richard," Leslie snapped.

"Okay, let just calm down," Tara broke in. At this point Kelly came out of the room. She was dressed of course.

"Ah, there you are. I was wondering where you went off to," she said with a grin. She hadn't met Leslie before, so Sarah introduced them and then left. She had to meet Richard.

"Well, I guess I'd better be going as well," Leslie said.

"Why? You don't have to go," Kelly said, carefully eyeing Leslie up and down. I look at my new girlfriend and sighed. She was insatiable. 

"Yeah, you can hang out with us," Tara added. "Lee and I were just going downstairs to dance."

"Great! Just what you two need, a third wheel," Leslie said with a grin.

"Sounds interesting," Lee said lewdly.

"Pervert!" Kelly snapped at her brother.

"Prude!" Tara said to Kelly, defending Lee.

"So Tara, you must feel that a third wheel sounds interesting as well. You're such a slut!" Kelly replied.

"Wow! That was a little harsh," Leslie said in surprise.

"Only if it weren't true," Kelly replied.

"Look who's talking!" Tara replied. I was sober enough to start worrying. We were getting too loud and Leslie was pretty smart. Unless we wanted everyone to know what was going on, we had to quiet down.

"Kelly, why don't you take Tara and Lee into the room. I'm sure you can find something to do other than fight. I'll be there in a minute. I want to talk to Leslie," I said. Kelly's eyes lit up when I mentioned the room. She'd almost forgotten about Emma.

"Okay. Come on you two. There someone I want you to meet. You're going to love this," Kelly said pulled the others by their hands.

"So what was all that about?" Leslie asked when they entered the room.

"Nothing really. Everyone just drank a little too much," I said trying to divert her thoughts.

"There was a hell a lot of sexual tension there," she said.
