 "Where were you all day?" my cousin Tara asked. She was smiling as she let me in her room.

"Sleeping in," I replied, giving her a hug as she swung the door shut.

"Kelly really is a dynamo!" Tara giggled.

"Oh she is!" I grinned, but then grew serious and added, "But she left the room hours ago. Something about an emergency at the sorority?"

"Really?" Tara asked in surprise. "I haven't heard anything." She frowned momentarily before shrugging. My cousin's eyes grew mischievous as she added, "Are you sure she just isn't meeting another guy behind your back?"

"She wouldn't do that," I replied confidently. "She'd take me along." Tara shook her head.

"Last night was amazing," she said. "The rest of us stayed until four in the morning. Poor Lee passed out somewhere in the middle."

"He's only human," I smiled. "I'm sure you, Leslie and Emma damn near killed the guy!" 

"He stayed in Emma's room," she said once she stopped laughing. "They hit it off pretty well."

"Are you okay with that?" I asked carefully. Tara shrugged and sighed.

"I like Lee, but I don't love him," she finally said.

So, what did you and the ladies do after Lee passed out?" I asked with a grin, changing the subject. Tara blushed.

"Let's just say that I've learned to accept my bisexuality," she said, and then mumbled something under her breath.

"What did you say?" I asked.

"Nothing."

"Oh, come on! Tell me!" I insisted.

"I said, 'At least when you're around'," she finally answered.

"You mean you and the others haven't..." I began, but Tara cut me off.

"No, we haven't," she said quickly.

"Well, that's just silly!" I said. Tara looked at me, rolled her eyes and burst out laughing.

"You know my sorority earned the reputation of being sweet and innocent before you came along. There is something about you that just seems to bring out the worst in us," she said.

"You mean the best," I replied. She shook her head and laughed again. I was about to say something else when the door to the room swung open hard and hit the wall.

"That bastard!" Sarah cried.

"What happened?" Tara asked. Sarah burst into Hebrew. My cousin nodded and frowned. "What a jerk!"

"Richard?" I asked. Tara nodded as she hugged Sarah.

"He was cheating on her," my cousin said. I nodded.

"I'll just leave you two alone," I said and turned toward the door. Sarah grabbed my arm.

"No, there's at least one benefit of him being a jerk," she said, reaching down and rubbing my cock through my pants. "I get to feel you inside me again." I hesitated. I was sorely tempted to do exactly what Sarah wanted, but I groaned silently to myself and pulled away.

"Sarah, I have to go find Kelly," I said.

"You don't want to..." she began, looking dejected. I pulled her to me and kissed her.

"Are you crazy! Of course I want you again," I smiled. "But I'm dating Kelly now."

"Oh well," she said with a shrug.

"No, it's not what you think," I replied. "I want to go find her and bring her back." Sarah raised an eyebrow. I smiled and nodded.

"I guess I can wait a little while in that case," she smiled.

"Why wait?" I asked.

"Pardon?"

"Tara was just saying how comfortable she's becoming with her bisexuality," I hinted.

"Tom!" Tara snapped.

"Oh come on! You can't tell me that you don't want Sarah again," I sighed. Sarah looked at Tara and smiled when my cousin didn't answer.

"I've been waiting patiently for you to make a move," Sarah said. "I knew you were having issue coping with what happened and I figured I'd give you time to work them through. Have you?"

"See what I mean about you bringing out the worst in me?" Tara asked me.

"And the best," I replied.

"Well?" Sarah asked Tara impatiently. My cousin leaned forward and kissed her roommate. Sarah growled and thrust her tongue into Tara mouth. They started stripping each other immediately. I decided to leave when my cousin pushed her roommate onto her bed and kissed her way down Sarah's body.

"Oh yes!" Sarah cried when Tara reached her pussy. "Right there!" 

I groaned as I unlocked the door. Tara broke away from what she was doing briefly.

"Hurry back," my cousin said before returning to Sarah's pussy. 

Sarah said something as well, but I couldn't understand what because she was speaking Hebrew once again. Tara's tongue drifted lower in answer to Sarah's words. I couldn't take it anymore. I cracked open the door and slipped out as quickly as I could.

I made my way to the sorority to find Kelly. I didn't really know many of the sisters so I went to Emma's room. I knocked on her door.

"Who's there?" I heard Emma ask.

"Me, Tom," I called through the door. It cracked open and she pulled me into the room. Emma was naked and sweaty. I obviously interrupted her and someone. That someone turned out to be Lee. Tara was right. They really had hit it off.

Emma returned to Lee and quickly straddled his hips. She sunk down on his cock and sighed before giving me her attention once again.

"Care to join us?" she asked. My dick was throbbing, but I made a deal with Kelly and I didn't plan on breaking it. Besides, Tara and Sarah were waiting for me. Well, not really waiting, but they were expecting Kelly and I to return.

"Later," I sighed. It was more difficult then you would think. "Do you know where Kelly is?"

"With Jazzy!" Emma gasped as Lee pushed up hard. Jazzy was a slight Asian girl from Kelly and Tara's recently elevated pledge class.

"Are you sure you don't want to join us?" Lee asked with a grin as he continued to work his cock in and out of Emma.

"Oh, I do!" I replied, rubbing my hand through my hair. "But I promised your sister I wouldn't have sex without her." Lee laughed.

"In that case you need to go to Jazzy's dorm and bring Kelly back with you," Emma said, but then frowned and added, "It may not be that easy. Jazzy's long time boyfriend didn't show for the initiation. She called him and ended up dumping him over the phone. She's pretty upset."

"How do I get to Jazzy's dorm?" I asked.

"Go downstairs and find Toni. I saw her in the living room not too long ago. She'll tell you," Emma panted. I couldn't resist. I made my way over and pulled her into a kiss. I even caressed her breasts briefly. Emma reached for my pants, but I pulled away.

"I have to go find Kelly," I groaned and quickly slipped out of the room.

Toni was playing a game with some of the other sisters when I found her. I didn't recognize some of the ladies present, but others were familiar to me. The most notable was Connie. She seemed happy and more relaxed now that she finally made it to sisterhood. 

One of these days I'd have to introduce myself to her. I couldn't help wonder how she would react to finding out it was me that night. Sleeping with a blindfolded woman turned out to be different and enjoyable.

"Toni, do you mind taking me to Jazzy's room?" I asked. "Kelly is there comforting her. She broke up with her boyfriend."

"Jazzy broke up with her boyfriend!" Connie said in surprise. I nodded.

"Oh damn!" she cried.

"What's wrong?" Toni asked.

"She's my best friend," Connie replied, and then sighed and added, "She called me earlier and left a message to call her. I was hung over from the initiation and figured I'd call her later."

"It's not like you knew," Toni said.

"I know, but it doesn't make me feel any better," she said with a shake of her head. She then turned to me and said, "I'll take you to Jazzy's room."

"Thanks," I said. Connie went to get her jacket and Toni walked me to the door.

"We haven't had a chance to talk in a while," Toni said with a smile. Her Jamaican accent still did things to me.

"I know," I replied, looking at her. Toni smiled, obviously reading my expression.

"Maybe later tonight," she hinted.

"Maybe," I replied. A thought came to me and I smiled briefly. "This seems to be a weekend for breakups. Tara is comforting Sarah right now in their room."

"She broke up with Richard?" Toni asked in surprise.

"He was cheating on her," I replied.

"Fool!" Toni snapped.

"That seems to be the consensus," I sighed. Connie was coming down the hall, so I quickly added, "You know, you could go help Tara comfort her."

"Sarah and I have become more friendly since your last visit, but we still aren't really friends. She could probably use time with Tara alone. They are pretty close. They don't need me barging in on them," Toni replied with a sigh.

"Nonsense!" I said. "You were such a big help comforting Tara the last time." Toni's eyebrows went up as she realized what I was saying. I watched her hesitate as she licked her lips.

"Maybe I should stop by and lend Sarah a shoulder to cry on," she finally said with a lustful smile. It sent a shiver down my spine. 

"We really should touch base before I go back to my school," I sighed.

"You know where my room is," Toni grinned as Connie arrived.

"Let's go," Connie said, oblivious to the sexual tension between Toni and me. She was obviously concerned about Jazzy.

Jazzy's dorm was all the way on the other side of the campus. I tried to start a conversation with Connie, but she was too focused on Jazzy.

"I knew this day was coming," she sighed. "But I can't believe he broke up with her over the phone!"

"He didn't," I frowned. "Jazzy broke up with him."

"Really?" Connie asked in surprise.

"That's what I heard."

"Well good for her! Her boyfriend was a bastard! She deserves better," Connie nearly growled, but then she calmed and added, "She'll still be upset, but not nearly as bad as I feared."

We arrived at her room and Connie knocked on the door. There was no answer.

"Maybe Kelly took her to get something to eat?" I offered.

"Probably," Connie replied, reaching in her pocket and pulling out a key. "They'll be back soon enough. We'll wait inside."

"You two must really be close if she gave you a key," I said. Connie shrugged.

"We are," she said. "Plus this dorm is a lot closer to the my classes. She let's me crash here between classes."

"It doesn't bother her roommate?" I asked.

"Tiffiny?" Connie snorted. "She's cool. Besides, she seldom here."

"Boyfriend?" I asked. Connie grinned.

"Plenty," she replied, reaching for the doorknob. "Tiffany is a blond bombshell who has a different guy everyday."

"I think I may have met her," I said, remembering the blond that was with Sam, Sarah's old boyfriend, at the bar we went to during my last visit.

"If you did, you'd know it," she said and she opened the door. "Tiffany is one of..." The rest of her sentence froze in her mouth as she looked in the room. I looked past her and saw two bodies intermeshed on the bed. It seemed that Kelly didn't hold to our deal. I quickly hustled Connie into the room before she caused a scene in the hallway.

"You little Asian bitch!" Connie cried as I slammed the door shut.

"Connie calm down!" Jazzy said. She was having problems disentangling herself from my girlfriend. Kelly was looking up at me sheepishly.

"We'll talk later," I said in annoyance. I passed up a chance with Tara and Sarah, as well as Emma and Lee. That was bad enough, but I was surprised to realize that I was also hurt by Kelly's action.

"I'm your best friend and you're a lesbian and didn't even tell me!" Connie cried. She was ignoring Kelly and me.

"I'm not a lesbian!" Jazzy snapped.

"Then what is this?" Connie asked, pointing to her and Kelly.

"Connie, neither of us planned this," Kelly interjected before Jazzy could answer. She was speaking to Connie, but looking at me. "Jazzy was hurting after her break up. We talked for hours this morning."

"She was very kind and patient with me," Jazzy took up the story. "I was finally settling down when Kelly hugged me. The next thing I knew, we were kissing."

"Don't blame yourself too much," I said, and then growling added, "Kelly is one horny bitch!"

"No, it wasn't her," Jazzy insisted, surprising me. "It's been almost three months since I saw my boyfriend and I was very horny. I kissed her first."

"But she's a girl!" Connie said. Jazzy shrugged.

"I told you about my best friend from high school," the Asian girl said, looking briefly at Kelly and I. She was obviously embarrassed.

"You said you kissed her once!" Connie snapped in reply.

"No," Jazzy sighed. "I said we kissed and didn't go into any further details when you reacted so badly. You assumed it was only once. I didn't plan on kissing Kelly, but she was being kind and I was feeling so lonely."

"She really did kiss me first," Kelly said to me. I sighed deeply and nodded. Kelly relaxed visibly. I was still a little hurt, but I had to forgive her. I couldn't stay mad at Kelly. I cared too much.

"And you really are one horny bitch," I said with a forced grin. She saw my expression and laughed.

"You're okay with this?" Connie asked in surprise.

"It's not the first time Kelly's slept with a woman," I replied, and then added, "Although it is the first time without me present."

"We usually share," Kelly said. Both Connie and Jazzy looked at us in surprise. 

I noticed Jazzy's body for the first time. She was a small woman with average breasts and a flat ass. Her small pussy was furry, which I liked. Her almond shaped eyes were as dark as her hair. She wasn't really my type, but a naked woman was a naked woman. Besides, there was something in her eyes that showed a wildness dying to be released.

"I haven't enjoyed a man's company in quite a while," Jazzy said, obviously interested. Kelly and I smiled.

"You have to be kidding!" Connie snapped. She looked like she was about to burst, so I reached up and started rubbing her shoulders. "Stop that!" she snapped.

"Connie, you have to relax a little," I said, continuing to rub her shoulders. "Come on, tell me you're not at least a little excited by what's going on?" I knew Connie was excited. I just didn't know whether she would admit it.

"You three do what you want! I have to go," she said, but she didn't move away from my massage. Jazzy slowly made her way over until she was right in front of Connie. The Asian woman was shorter by quite a bit. She looked up into Connie's eyes and smiled. 

"It should have been you," Jazzy said.

"W-What?" Connie stuttered. Jazzy reached up and caressed Connie's cheek.

"I said that it should have been you instead of Kelly in bed with me," the Asian girl replied.

"That would be so wrong!" Connie said, but she was obviously excited by the thought.

"Connie, have you ever been with another woman before?" I asked, already knowing the answer. Connie bit her lip and refused to reply.

"You have!" Jazzy said in surprise. "And you didn't tell me! You reacted so badly when I tried to tell you that I liked girls as well as boys."

"It was after we had that discussion. Besides, it was only once and I didn't know how you would react," Connie mumbled. Jazzy reached up and took Connie's face in both her hands. She then pulled gently until their lips met. Connie moaned.

"What would my mother say if she saw this!" she cried.

"She'd say you were going straight to hell," Jazzy replied, but then smiled and asked knowingly. "Do you care?"

"Not really," Connie laughed, kissing Jazzy back. Their tongues danced in each other's mouths.

"Do you mind if I join you?" Kelly asked.

"Not at all," Connie sighed. "If I'm going to go to hell for this, I might as well enjoy myself." She kissed my girlfriend as Jazzy reached down and slipped two fingers between Kelly's legs.

"So, can I stop massaging? Are you relaxed enough?" I asked with a grin.

"Not yet," Connie sighed, truly relaxing for the first time. She closed her eyes as Kelly and Jazzy began undressing. The two each took one of Connie's large breasts in her hands when they were done.

"They are just as lovely as I imagined," Jazzy smiled as she leaned forward and gently nibbled on the large breasted woman's nipple. Kelly was doing the same on her other side. Connie sighed loudly. Her eyes will still closed as she spent a few moments enjoy the attention of all three of us.

"Oh my God!" she snapped suddenly and broke away from Jazzy and Kelly.

"What? What's wrong?" Jazzy asked in surprise. Connie ignored her and fell to her knees in front of me. She undid my pants in record time and pulled out my cock.

"I knew it!" she snapped.

"Oh my! You're huge!" Jazzy said, eyeing my cock.

"And all mine!" Kelly said and then laughed at the other's expressions. "Don't worry. I'm willing to share."

"You're Big Dick, aren't you?" Connie asked.

"How do you know that nickname?" Kelly asked, answering Connie's question for me.

"I can't say, but I'd remember that massage anywhere," Connie said looking at me and smiling.

"Do you need the blindfold?" I teased.

"Oh, no! This time I want to see what's happening!"

"What's going on?" Jazzy asked.

"Who was the girl that day?" Connie asked me, ignoring Jazzy for a moment.

"I can't say," I replied. Kelly looked back and forth between Connie and me. She didn't know what happened, but she got the general drift. She probably also guessed that Emma was the girl Connie was asking about.

"You wouldn't believe him if he told you," Kelly laughed.

"I still want to know what's going on!" Jazzy snapped.

"All you need to know," Connie began with a grin. "Is that you should be prepared for the best sex you've ever had!" She then leaned forward and took the head of my cock into her mouth.

"Jazzy, just let yourself go and enjoy what's happening," Kelly said, pulling the Asian girl into a kiss. Jazzy returned it before breaking away and looking at Connie and me. 

"I want to see if I can fit that monster in me later," she said. "But first I need to taste Connie. I've fantasized about it for a long time!" She made Connie get on her hands and knees and crawled under her. Connie moaned as she continued to lick my dick.

Kelly joined her at my cock. Connie happily slipped down to my balls. I looked down and watched them. Occasionally they would kiss wetly, sending a shiver down my cock.

"I need to lay down," I said, and then grinning added, "Either that or I'm going to fall soon!" We all moved to Jazzy's bed.

"My turn to taste you!" Connie said to Jazzy as she fell on the Asian girl's pussy. Kelly straddled Jazzy's face, which was hanging slightly off of the bed. My girlfriend used both hands to hold the Asian girl's face against her pussy. It was a hot sight, but Connie demanded my attention.

"Fuck me!" Connie cried. I got behind her and slipped the head of my cock into her pussy. She pushed back taking in a couple of inches. "Come on! Give it to me!"

"He can be a bit of a tease at times," Kelly said, but then gasped when Jazzy's tongue found her clit. I shrugged and slammed into Connie.

"Yes!" the big-breasted girl yelled before refocusing on Jazzy's pussy. 

I barely started moving before Connie cried out in orgasm. I pulled out and leaned forward to taste her cum. I buried my face between her legs. Her cum was delicious. I drank it and she rolled into a second orgasm. I let my tongue drift up to her ass. Connie pushed back and moaned. I loved the feeling of my face buried between her cheeks.

"Do it now!" Connie finally cried. I smiled, stood and pushed my cock into her ass. It was tight as hell, but I used constant pressure until I was all the way in. I looked up and saw that Kelly was real close to her orgasm. She was really riding Jazzy's face. 

"I'm going to cum!" Kelly cried. "Use that tongue!" Jazzy stuck her tongue out as far as she could and Kelly grabbed a handful of hair on both sides of the Asian girl's head. Kelly pulled and mashes her pussy onto Jazzy's mouth as she came. The Asian girl groaned and did her best to swallow the flood of cum that gushed out of Kelly. It was one of the hottest things I'd ever saw!
