 "I'm so glad we're finally doing this!" Rachel said as we entered the party. "Ray! You made it!" When I heard the familiar voice, I fully expected to see Rachel's best friend Jen come bouncing towards us for a hug. I did not, however, expect her to be naked. I'd known Jen for years, and gotten plenty of glimpses of various parts of her incredible body. But seeing the tiny, 5'2" half Japanese, half Russian, punk rock alternative girl, with her pale, golden skin, amazingly tight ass, and tits that each seemed the size of her head, coming towards us with arms spread wide, was truly a sight to behold. She embraced Rachel the way she always did, with her whole body. As always, the contrast between the two of them was at least a little comical. With Rachel being almost 6' tall, every time they hugged, Jen's face was buried in my wife's gorgeous, milky white, 34 B cup breasts.

"Jen! You're naked!" Rachel laughed, stating the obvious.

"Well, it IS a sex party." I somehow tore my eyes away from Jen's ass to turn and greet her husband, Jeff.

"Enjoying the view, Billy?" He said, teasingly.

"Yes I am," I said, smiling at him and shaking his hand.

"Come with me, Ray. I wanna show you everything!" Jen said, grabbing Rachel's hand and pulling her off into the crowd.

With the ladies gone, I finally realized Jeff was also completely naked. His cock hung down from his body, looking less than half hard, but still at least six inches long. I remember thinking, "wow, that looks so good shaved like that," and then wondering what exactly I meant by that.

"I uh... That's um..." I stammered , suddenly not able to think of a single thing to say.

"Come on. You look like you could use a drink." He said sympathetically, leading the way to the bar. When he turned away I instinctually looked down at his ass, noticing that it too was hairless. At only 5'7", with his light tan and blonde hair, the little body hair he did have was extremely fair. I remember thinking it almost made his slim frame look slightly feminine. As he ordered our drinks, I finally looked around, taking in the rest of the scene. There were people of all ages, from barely legal to my parents age, all in various states of undress, engaging in everything from casual flirtations to full on sex. Jeff and Jen did their best to tell us what to expect when they'd finally convinced us to come, but seeing it first hand was something else entirely. Rather than take me on a walking tour, we just stood at the bar while Jeff explained the layout of the different rooms, public, private, and those dedicated to specific kinks.

"So, first timer, what do you think you wanna get up to tonight?" He asked.

"Oh I imagine we'll probably just watch and keep to ourselves for a while." I admitted.

"Sure. Good luck with that." He said with a chuckle.

"What do you m--" I started to ask, suddenly noticing a beautiful woman approach. She stood before us in a very nearly sheer white dress that clung to her with delight. Instead of being measured by inches above the knee, the ethereal garment was easier measured by inches below her mound. The fishnet stockings, garters, and high heeled shoes were clearly the only other articles she wore.

"You're new here." She said, impaling my eyes with her own.

"Yes, um... First time." I managed to stutter.

"Welcome to our little party. I'm Lilly." She remarked.

"Thanks. Er... Lilly." I replied, instinctively reaching out to shake her hand. When she didn't respond immediately, my eyes automatically flickered about in search of her unresponsive appendage. It was then I realized she'd already been stroking Jeff's cock the entire time. Once I finally noticed, she let go his now stiffening member and extended her hand toward mine. She did not, however, reach for a strong, modern, gender equal handshake. Instead she lifted her hand higher, leaving it daintily hovering in front of my face, awaiting an old fashioned, chivalrous kiss. It did not escape my thought process that her fingers went directly from Jeff's cock to my lips. Of course I was hesitant, but had no time to think of an alternative that wouldn't risk offending her. I closed my eyes when I kissed her hand, and that's how I missed the tiny spot of pre-cum on her finger. I didn't even know what it was at the time, except that it tasted salty, but was too thick to be sweat. When my eyes reconnected with her there was a bemused smile accompanying them.

She came back to herself and seemed to have herself a minor epiphany.

"I want some cock." She announced, reaching down and taking Jeff by his penis once again. He started away, then turned back to me expectantly, "Coming?" Not knowing anyone else at the party or what else to do, I picked my jaw up off the floor and followed behind them.

One wall of the lounge area featured a continuous padded bench, lined with tables, accompanied by chairs on the outside. She led us to an empty spot, pushed the small table out of the way and sat us down next to each other. Jeff started stroking his own cock as she casually started removing my clothes.

"I'm not sure I ah... " I started, but she actually reached up and put her finger to my mouth and shushed me. I didn't think anyone actually did that outside of cornball soap operas, but she did. A moment later, my growing erection was freed from my pants, and her eyes lit up like it was Christmas.

"You have a beautiful cock, Billy." She said, so matter-of-factly that I had no idea how to respond.

"Um... Thanks, I guess? But I really should check with Rachel before we---"

But before I could finish she leaned forward and flattened her wide, wet tongue against the base of my cock, and slowly, deliberately ran it all the way to the tip before swirling around the head, and gently kissing the drop of precum from my slit. There in that setting, with such deliberation and no trace of pretense, it was one of the most arousing things I've ever seen... Until she opened her mouth and swallowed my entire seven and a half inch cock to the hilt in one go. I felt the head of my member slam into her throat, causing my entire body to spasm and buck forward, sending me even deeper. Somehow, around my cock, she managed to smile and let out a throaty groan. And then she started swallowing.

I'd never felt anything like it in my life. I couldn't control myself. My arms flew back against the booth in search of something to hold onto. One of them slapped into Jeff's chest, but he just slid closer, giving my hands purchase on his ribcage. It felt strange touching another man under these circumstances, but letting go was too complicated a thought process. Lilly kept my cock lodged in her throat, kept swallowing over and over, and kept moaning. And every time she swallowed my body would lurch forward, causing me to involuntarily fuck her throat even harder and deeper.

She gave me a moment of respite, backing off and stroking my twitching cock slowly. She smiled again, licked her lips, and once again swallowed my entire cock. As her throat muscles renewed their assault on my yearning cock, she flattened her right hand against my abdomen, and slowly snaked it up toward my chest. I barely noticed at first, until her nimble fingers reached my left nipple, lightly caressing me just outside the border of the areola. She moved in circles, slowly inward by the tiniest increments. A new sensation began stirring within me. I wasn't sure what it was. My mind was already swimming. Just before she reached the tiny nub at the center of her pattern, she stopped, allowing a moment of anticipation to hang in the air. Then, she pressed the pad of her index finger against my nipple and swirled it around with just the slightest pressure. A pressure that increased quickly, until, out of nowhere, her thumb was there beside her finger, trapping my hardening nipple between them. And she squeezed. A lightning bolt shot through my body, as I involuntarily jolted forward again. She actually gagged this time, but held on regardless, moaning with greed and lust. My left hand shot down to her head, grabbing her by the hair. It was as if someone had kicked down a door leading to a whole new level of sensation. I couldn't believe what I was feeling. I'd never had any interest in a woman playing with my nipples before. Other women had of course, but I'd never reacted so strongly. I could hardly see straight. And then, yet another new sensation added to the onslaught of overwhelming ecstasy. It felt much like Lily's finger on my nipple, but wetter. Then I felt a pair of lips close around my right nipple. I looked down to see the top of Jeff's head just before he started sucking hard. I was halfway to forming a thought about feeling awkward having a man sucking on my nipple, but Lilly wasn't going to let that happen. I don't know where or when she found or applied the lube, but there was enough provided that her middle finger slid all the way up my ass with almost no resistance. Another first for me, I was completely unprepared for what was happening. I closed my hand in Lilly's hair, and started fucking her throat harder than ever before. My right hand that had been clinging to Jeff's ribs lost its grip, and fell down into his lap, right onto his hard cock. It started to move away all on its own, but Jeff placed his hand over mine to keep it there. When Lilly found my prostate, I was in no condition to protest. He started moving my hand up and down the length of his shaft, and any notion of attempting to resist was obliterated by Lilly pulling back and sliding a second finger deep into my ass. My whole body was convulsing wildly. I was completely lost. I couldn't have told you my own name. And just when I thought my mind would shut down and break in half, I felt my orgasm coming. And I knew there was no stopping it. Except that there was. Lilly pulled off of my cock and lightly bit the tip, causing just enough pain to stop my orgasm. She looked at Jeff, then down at my cock. He smiled knowingly. Before I could process whatever unspoken communication had occurred, they reached for each other and kissed with a passion that was almost vicious. they had switched places. Jeff's mouth was on my cock. Jeff's fingers, thicker and rounder than Lilly's, were buried in my ass, pressing mercilessly against my prostate. Lilly kept pinching and squeezing one nipple while she attacked the other with her mouth. Not being as experienced in deep throating as Lilly, Jeff simply bobbed his head up and down on my cock, stroking the shaft with his free hand. Lilly looked up at my face, lost in ecstasy. Right before she pinched one nipple and bit down on the other, harder than anything I'd felt before, she whispered, "Cum for me." And I did.

I'd never cum that hard in my life. It felt like the stream was going to tear my cock open. I clamped my hand down on Jeff's head and thrust my cock into his throat. Lilly held my nipple clamped tightly in her teeth, the other in between her fingers, as I blasted burst after burst of the hottest, thickest cum I'd ever produced, first, straight down Jeff's throat, until he backed off and started collecting it in his mouth. It quickly became evident that there was no hope of him doing so successfully, as the torrent of cum seemed to never end. The excess began running down the corners of his mouth and down his chin.

After what felt like days, I finally stopped erupting cum, Lilly released my nipples from her vice like grip, and I fell completely limp, slumping back against the booth and sliding forward and down.

Jeff stood up and was immediately greeted by Lilly. Practically pouncing on him, she held his face in her hands and pulled his lips to hers. They kissed with a ferocity I'd rarely seen. Then, Lilly descended upon me. Grabbing me by the hair, she tilted my head back, covering my mouth with hers. I was beginning to expect the unexpected with this seemingly insatiable woman. What I wasn't expecting was for her to release a torrent of my own cum, greedily devoured from Jeff's mouth, onto my tongue, swirling it around inside of me with hers. Unable to muster any resistance at this point, I returned the kiss, and when she released me I swallowed. She gave my lips one final lick and a peck and whispered in my ear, "Good boy."

She then immediately turned to Jeff and sat him back down on the bench. She straddled his lap facing away from him and slowly sank down onto his cock. I watched with only mild curiosity, out of the corner of my eye. I was still too devastated from my own earth shattering orgasm to muster much concern for their activities. Which is why I didn't notice, nor was I prepared for, when Lilly reached down and grabbed my nipple again. The initial, hard pinch woke me from my post-orgasmic daze. What really surprised me, however, was that the subsequent light, teasing manipulation immediately started rebuilding my arousal, just minutes after I'd cum.

She pulled me over and brought my lips to her left breast, putting her arm around my neck to reach down and continue her ministrations on my left nipple. I tried to duplicate what she and Jeff had done to me, gently teasing around her areola and flicking my tongue across her hardened nubs before biting down with my teeth. All the while she was slowly gyrating on Jeff's lap with his cock buried inside of her.

"You like that?" she teased. "Come here." My cock was already starting to rise when she directed me to stand, facing her. She pulled me in close, standing between their legs, positioning my nipples right before her lips. Then she really went all out. Redefining the boundaries of both rough and light teasing and torture, she licked, sucked, flicked, pinched, bit and even slapped my nipples like a lioness devouring its prey. Before long my cock was completely hard again, and she reached down and started squeezing and stroking it, not with any intention of providing relief, only to build more tension. Then, when my cock was hard as a rock and I could barely see straight, she stopped. She leaned back against Jeff, put her hand on my head, pushing me down to my knees and said, "Lick my clit."

I couldn't think straight. Being this hard so soon after cumming was actually physically painful. My mind was swimming with the torturous ecstasy she had put me through. I could not deny this woman anything. Somewhere in my logical mind I realized that she was still riding Jeff, his cock still deep inside her, slowly sliding in and out. I knew that, generally speaking, her clit would be very close to where that was happening. Certainly closer than I had ever intended to be to another man's engorged penis. But looking into her eyes, I couldn't locate any of this information, or process any reasonable method of telling this woman no.

As I leaned forward, she leaned back, making herself available. She and Jeff slowed their movements until she was just barely moving, grinding the entire length of his cock into her pussy back and forth about an inch or so. Her pussy lips were already opened by Jeff's impressive tool, but I reached up and spread them wider. Her clit was so hard and engorged, it peeked out from its hood like a tiny cock. Almost in slow motion, I extended my tongue and flicked her eager little nub. It was delicious. She let out a small, anxious moan. Encouraged, I stuck my tongue out further and gave her clit a long, hard lick. This time her moan was low, guttural, and loud. This wasn't so bad, I thought. Feeling bold, I parted my lips and captured her clit between them, rolling it between my lips, flicking it with my tongue, and occasionally grazing it with my teeth. The first time I bit down gently on Lilly's clit, her pussy spasmed, her entire body lurched, and she let out one of the most unique sounds I'd ever heard from any living creature. Jeff had been patient up til this point, but with her pussy squeezing his cock and her writhing and screaming like a wild animal, his body reacted all on its own. He started bucking his hips, slamming his rock hard meat up into her. I tried to back off, but Lilly grabbed my head and held me fast to her clit. I tried to clamp down on her tender button, but their fucking had resumed a quicker pace, and I suddenly found my slightly parted lips sliding across their union. When she slammed down on his cock, I was happy to be sucking on her delicious clit. But when he lifted her up, his cock, stroking its way out if her, I found my lips sliding along his wet, glistening shaft. My first thought was revulsion. It was one thing to have my cock in Jeff's mouth. That was his choice. And I couldn't help it if it felt good. I had already been so close to orgasm. But this... To have my lips on another man's penis. It was disgusting! Wasn't it? I always assumed it would be. But now, having little choice in the matter, I was able to explore the matter fist hand and learn from experience. Suddenly I realized, pistoning in and out of Lilly's sopping wet pussy the way it was, Jeff's cock was completely saturated with her juices. And her juices were delicious. Plus, there was something fascinating about how hard his cock was, but still so soft, smooth and pliable. And it was alive. With its bulging veins, the whole bulk of it throbbing and pulsing, there was something primal about being this close to it. Feeling it inside my lips as I watched it do its work. And then there were Jeff's moans. Low and deep, unmistakably male, almost savage. And something about them made me want to hear more, his yearning and satisfaction becoming instinctually motivational. Knowing that I was providing him this pleasure made me feel good. And it made me want to make him feel better.

I opened my mouth a bit wider, then filled the gap with my tongue. They both noticed immediately. Jeff's groan was one of surprise. Both that it felt so good and that I would ever do such a thing. Lilly's was one of satisfaction, and an immediate hunger for more. She growled, and clenched her fist in my hair, but eased her hold on my head, allowing me more freedom to work. They even eased their fucking to a slower, steadier pace. Now that I was accepting my situation and showing some initiative, they wanted to see how much further I would go on my own. Not wanting to disappoint, I stuck my tongue the tiniest bit out of my mouth and slowly, very tentatively started working my way further from her clit. Before I knew it, I was halfway down his shaft. I then realized that my tongue was extended to its maximum reach and flattened against his throbbing member while I desperately tried to apply as much of my surface area to as much of his as possible. Still at the end of each stroke I was reintroduced to her clit, which would also get a long, pressing lick, or a quick suck or nibble. Lilly would lurch and buck like a raging bronco every time I met her bulging little nub. Somehow we managed to find a rhythm, their pleasure mounting to new heights with every thrust. Lilly's moaning had graduated to a new level, and she alternated between wailing and screaming the foulest obscenities at the top of her lungs.

"God, yes! Lick that cock, you filthy little slut," she snarled at me. "You gonna be my good little cocksucker? Hmmm?" She teased.

Hearing her words spurred me on. Her voice, her commanding tone, her powerful sexuality made me desperate to fulfill her needs, no matter how outlandishly depraved. But at the same time, hearing myself called a cocksucker made me realize just how far this had already gone, and consider what the inevitable conclusion might be.

"Mmmmm, yes!" She purred. Then, as if reading my worried mind, "Okay, slut. Jeffrey was kind enough to suck your nice hard cock and let you cum in his mouth. You ARE going to be a good little cum slut and return the favor, AREN'T you?"

Somehow my mind registered that this was a line I had yet to cross. Upon doing so, I was sure it had to be one I didn't want to cross. I tried to back away from their union, intending to politely decline and apologize. They had other plans. In addition to the two of them holding my head in place, out of nowhere as soon as I tried to move, there were two large, strong hands upon my shoulders. I couldn't see who they belonged to, but I knew I was trapped. There was no escape. Lilly and Jeff started really picking up speed, slamming her drenched pussy up and down on his cock furiously. At this point my tongue has retreated back into my mouth out of self preservation, but the strong hands from behind are holding me in place so that while Lilly's pussy rides Jeff's cock, her clit rides my nose. She's screaming almost uninterrupted, gasping for breath two or three times a minute. Finally she cries out, "I'm going to cum!"
