 The following week passed slowly...too slowly! I felt horny as hell and couldn't wait for Saturday evening and Roger's visit. I didn't see much of him at the office, he seemed to be keeping a very low profile, I put it down to him thinking I might change my mind and call things off - not bloody likely!

Barry seemed a bit worried about what might happen, he tried to get me to change my mind but I told him it was something I needed to do, something I wanted to experience. One night while we were lying in bed he confessed that he thought I might not love him any more, I told him "Barry...I love you so much, whatever happens on Saturday with Roger...nothing will change between us, I'll always love you and I will always be with you" I confessed to him that I had dreamed and fantasised often of something like this happening. "It's only about fun Barry...can't you see that? Last Saturday made me feel so horny, it was exciting...it made me feel young again, sexy!...to be truthful with you Barry, our sex life was going a bit stale...it was getting predictable" Barry took his hand from mine and looked away. "Well I'm sorry Pam...I didn't realise I bored you so much...you should have told me sooner, you're saying I'm a crappy lover - is that it?" I took hold of his hand again and snuggled up against him. "C'mon Barry, I'm not saying that and you know it, you are a great lover and sex with you is fantastic...what I'm trying to say is we can make our sex life even better than it is now and getting together with Roger should be exciting for both of us...the thought of seeing me get fucked by another guy, doesn't that image turn you on?" "Well...I guess so, I'm just a bit nervous...I'm worried that I might lose you Pam," he told me. "That will never happen Barry, I love you...you have to believe me Barry! Look Barry...since we've been together...there have been many times when I could have been unfaithful to you, I've been chatted up and propositioned many times but I turned them down...all of them. It's you I love...it's you I'm happy with and I wouldn't ever want to change that but...this is simply about sex, having fun, excitement...being adventurous...doing things that a lot of people only dream and fantasise about. Getting into a threesome with you and Roger...that's only part of my fantasy's, there are many things that I want to try while I'm still young and attractive enough to do...I want to experiment sexually and I want you to be a part of it. I want to grow old with you Barry but for the next few years I want to fuck...I want to fuck different people, whoever I want...men, women, threesomes, foursomes, orgies - you name it!...I want to try the lot and I want you to be part of it! So...what do you say?"

Barry looked stunned at my confession, he just lay there then he sat up and turned to me. "Jesus Christ Pam...I never realised...I mean, I always knew you were a sexy lady, I knew you enjoyed sex but...Fucking hell! Have you turned into a nymphomaniac or something?" I just smiled and slid my hand under the covers to find his prick hard, I squeezed it tight. "Well...it looks like me telling you my fantasy's has worked for you, fuck you're hard...So, you haven't given me an answer yet..."

"I don't want to lose you Pam, if keeping you means sharing you with others, well...ok, whatever you want is ok with me...just one thing Pam, don't keep secrets from me...don't do anything behind my back, you know...seeing other guys, promise?" "I promise you Barry...now, how about you giving me a nice, hard fucking"

Next day I decided that from now on I was going to dress to tease, even at the office. I put on stockings, a short skirt and tight blouse. I didn't put on my bra, I decided that in future the only bras I would wear would be sexy ones and wearing a quarter or half cup bra to work would be taking things that bit too far! During the day I got quite a few stares from the men and some glaring looks from the women, my friend Alice commented on how I was dressed and asked why I was braless. "Joined the women's Lib movement have we?" she joked. "Oh...just a rash on my shoulder" I told her explaining that the bra strap irritated it. It felt good knowing my nipples could be seen jutting out; just thinking about them seemed to make them harder.

I took Friday off, I first visited the hairdressers. I had my hair cut short and dyed blonde, then I spent the rest of the day shopping for the sexiest, most revealing outfits I could find. I spent a small fortune on sexy underwear, sheer teddy's, quarter cup bras, tiny thong panties, stockings in various colours, lingerie...you name it, I bought it! I was sitting drinking a coffee thinking about my purchases when... I couldn't resist it...I went into the ladies and changed my top for a sheer black body stocking I had just bought, it fitted like a second skin moulding itself over my tits then taking off my jeans I put on a very short mini skirt. I put my overcoat back on but left it unbuttoned, walking around the shopping mall seeing the guys stare at my chest as my coat gaped open said it all...Fuck I felt horny seeing them stare at my tits, my nipples grew huge, I could feel myself getting wet! Christ! I needed a fuck!

I finished my shopping and made my way home, Barry was in his study working. Leaving my many bags in the hall I went in to him, his eyes almost popped out when he saw my new look, he sat at his desk, mouth open seemingly lost for words...finally he spoke. "Christ Pam...I almost didn't recognise you, Wow! What a transformation...you look great" "Well thanks honey, do you really like it...think it suits me being blonde?" "Yes...I think it does, what was it...a spur of the moment thing?" "Well you know what they say Barry, blondes have more fun and that's what I want...Fun!" I laughed. "Promise you won't get angry Barry but I've spent quite a bit of money today, I've bought some new clothes...some very sexy clothes" I gave him the 'little girl look' you know..."C'mon then, show me what you bought" he smiled. "Oh...maybe later, if you're good I might give you a fashion show tonight but for now, do you like this?" I asked opening my coat wide and revealing my see through top and mini skirt. "Christ Pam, have you been shopping...walking around wearing that? It's a bit revealing" "Yes it is isn't it, I got quite a few admiring looks from guys I passed, I couldn't help but wonder if seeing me made them hard. There was one young guy, he was about twenty I guess, I noticed him looking me over as we approached each other, he stopped me and asked for directions, he kept looking at my tits all the time, I made sure he got a good view, I should think he got hard...what about you Barry...does seeing me dressed this way make you hard?" I dropped to my knees in front of him and unzipped his trousers, I pulled them and his boxers down, his hard prick sprung out. "Oh...it seems it does", I said as I took hold of his hot prick and licked along its length. "You want me to suck your prick?...You want to fuck your slut of a wife's mouth?" I slid my lips over it and I took him deep into my mouth sucking on him hard. His hands held my head and his hips lunged forward, he fucked my mouth, his prick hit the back of my mouth, I gagged a bit but took all of him. "That's it...suck it you slut...suck out my cum...I'm going to fill your mouth with my spunk!" he groaned. I don't think I had ever sucked him so hard or so deeply, his prick slid down my throat, he held my head tightly and with a big lunge I felt his prick start to twitch as he emptied his spunk down my throat. I sucked and swallowed as fast as I could until he let go his grip on my head. Barry fell back into his chair, "Wow Pam...that was good, we should do this more often" "Well, you get your strength back darling...tonight it's my turn, you can do things to me!" I grinned.

That night I gave Barry his fashion show... at least I started to. I got as far as my second change of clothes before he had me on the floor, licking sucking and fingering my wet cunt. He fucked me in various positions, I again sucked his prick but this time he shot his load of creamy hot spunk deep into my cunt.

I had a nice relaxing day on Saturday, just lazing around at home. Barry played golf in the afternoon so I took a nap. We had an early dinner, during our meal Barry said, "About tonight Pam...I'm really looking forward to it, I must admit...I wasn't keen at first but now, well...the more I've thought about it, what I'm trying to say is...I love you Pam" "I know you do Barry and I love you too" I told him. "How do you think it will go...I mean, have you got anything planned?" he asked. "I suppose we just take things as they happen, have a few drinks, talk a bit...I don't want it to be a 'wham bang thank you ma'am' evening. One thing Barry...tonight I want you to treat me not as your wife...tonight I will be someone you and Roger have just met, some slut you have picked up...I have three places that you both can fuck, I want to be fucked hard!...Ok with you?" After dinner I spent an hour soaking in the bath. I began to shave my pussy smooth, I felt so horny I just had to play with myself...just doing that made me cum! I had already decided on which outfit to wear, it was all in white...virginal white! Yeah...sure I sniggered. The dress was very thin and low cut...just about covering my nipples, a little tug down and my nipples would easily be exposed, I put on a quarter cup bra that pushed my tits up high, white hold ups - no panties! The dress was slit at the side almost waist high. I fixed my make-up and hair then looking in the full-length mirror I was very pleased with the effect. I was just finishing getting ready when Barry called up telling me Roger had arrived. "Ok Barry...I will be down soon, fix us some drinks will you," I answered. I took my time, I wanted them to talk, get to know each other. When I went down they were sitting...chatting. Upon seeing me Roger got up, he kissed my cheek, "You look great Pam...beautiful and very sexy, your hair...really suits you, makes you look more...well, you know!" I thanked him for his compliment and took the drink Barry offered. "So...what have you two been talking about?" I grinned. "Oh, nothing much...just man's talk" Barry replied. I sat on the chair opposite to the couch where Barry and Roger were sitting, as I sat my dress rode up to expose my lacy stocking tops and I made sure I tugged the front of my dress down just a little to show a great cleavage. "I haven't seen much of you this week Roger, have you been avoiding me?" "Well I suppose I have Pam, the thing is I thought you might change your mind...have second thoughts about tonight, I thought if I stayed out of your way...well, it wouldn't give you the chance to back out" I smiled..."No chance, I suppose I have been looking forward to this evening as much as you" I told him. Roger turned to Barry, "What about you Barry? Does the thought of seeing your wife having sex with another guy do anything for you?" he asked. "To be truthful, at first I had doubts about everything and I regretted giving Pam that dare but the more I thought about it...well, yes - I guess it does. We've talked about tonight and I agree with Pam...it's just about having fun...nothing more. Is that right Pam?" "That sounds good to me," I laughed. I told Roger the same as I told Barry about them both treating me as if I was a stranger, I told him I wanted to get fucked hard and deep in as many positions as they could. We drank wine and exchanged dirty stories and fantasies with each other. I danced with both of them, nice slow, smoochy dances where they both kissed and groped my tits and ass. By now when I returned to my chair I sat with my legs wide open, my dress was up high, and I casually draped a leg up over the arm of my chair and started to play with myself as if giving them a sign that I was ready for some action. Roger got up walked over and knelt in front of me, I draped my other leg over the other arm also opening my legs wide, he buried his face between my legs and began to lick and finger my cunt. Barry stripped off his clothes and standing beside me I took hold of his prick. I leant my head over and took his prick into my mouth and started to suck on it. Roger's tongue lapped over my smooth pussy, he fingered my cunt deeply. After about 5 - 10 minutes I stood up and slipped out of my dress, I was about to take my bra off when Roger stopped me. "Please Pam...leave it on, you look so sexy wearing it," he said. So...now wearing my quarter cup bra with my tits exposed and my hold ups I asked who was going to fuck me first. "Roger's our guest..." Barry said. "How do you want me?" I asked. He told me to get on my hands and knees, he wanted to take me 'doggy style' I did as he wanted, I felt him rubbing his prick over my pussy lips then slowly, gently he entered me. Barry stood in front of me again offering his prick for me to suck. Roger's prick felt good pumping in and out of my cunt, I was so wet. I rode back on him, matching his thrusts; he picked up his tempo, fucking me deeper...harder. Barry held on to my head as he slid his prick deep into my mouth, his heavy balls slapping against my chin. I reached behind and as Roger fucked me I managed to insert a finger into my asshole, I could feel Roger's prick. After a few more minutes they swapped positions, Roger's prick had started to dribble a bit of pre-cum; I licked it off tasting his and my own juices. Barry's prick slid in easily and he too banged away hard and deep, his hand slid under me and he squeezed my tit and tweaked my nipple. With a big lunge Barry shot his spunk inside my cunt, he stayed buried deeply inside me as his throbbing, twitching prick spurted out his hot cum. I gripped Roger's prick firmly around its base causing it to grow even harder, I sucked on it until he exclaimed he too was going to cum. I swallowed as much as I could manage and continued to suck on it until he was dry. We lay on the floor...me in the middle. They kissed me, played with my tits; I in turn stroked their semi hard pricks.

After a while I suggested we went to our bedroom, the floor was getting too hard for me. We took our drinks and another bottle and went upstairs. We lay on the bed playing around, I sucked some life back into their pricks, I knew they both would last longer this time. Roger surprised me by going down on me, he licked and fingered my cunt, sucking out Barry's cum. Barry had never done this to me though I had often wished he would. He rubbed his spunky fingers around my asshole then without too much difficulty he slid one in as he licked his tongue into my cunt. Meanwhile Barry had straddle my face and I licked and sucked his prick. Roger continued to work on my asshole making it wet and juicy, It felt as if he had at least two fingers in there now...maybe more! I needed fucking! I stopped sucking Barry long enough to tell Roger to fuck me, I felt his prick rubbing over my pussy lips then he rammed it in...Deep! I let out a big moan as his prick partly slid out and then was rammed back in again. "Oh fuck...that's good! Fuck me hard...as hard as you can!" I told him. I lifted my legs up on to Roger's shoulders, Christ he got in deep! I felt him pull out of my cunt then IO almost screamed out as he entered my asshole. Thankfully he took it slow until my asshole opened up enough to accommodate his hard prick. Fuck it felt good. He continued to fuck my asshole...now deeper and harder! After a few minutes I got Barry to lie back on the bed, I straddled him and lowered my cunt on to his prick; I leaned forward offering my tits to his mouth. Roger knew what I wanted and soon his prick was back in my asshole. Christ!...I had never experienced such pleasure, Roger kept pulling out and then sliding back in, my asshole now loose and juicy...I was in heaven! Then another first...he - with a little difficulty - joined Barry and forced his prick into my cunt. This time I did scream out and moaned deeply as my cunt lips were stretched wide open by their two hard pricks. Even when I had used my very large dildo my cunt was never stretched open this much...saying this it didn't take that long before they both fucked me with no problems. For the next twenty / thirty minutes they swapped positions, they both fucked my ass, cunt...mouth, whatever! Roger said he was soon going to cum and made me prop myself up against the headboard of the bed. The knelt either side of my head wanking on their pricks. I turned to one then the other and sucked a little on each one until they came. Roger was first, his hot spunk shot out and splattered on my face, I opened my mouth as he directed the stream into my mouth, then Barry. He too covered my face with his cum, it dripped from my chin onto my tits, they rubbed it over my face with their pricks, every now and then slipping their throbbing, twitching pricks into my mouth where I eagerly sucked out any cum that dribbled out. I took both their pricks into my mouth simultaneously...almost choking myself in the process. I massaged my spunk-covered tits, rubbing it in to my hard nipples. Fuck...I felt such a dirty bitch!

Roger stayed for another thirty minutes, I tried to suck him hard again but it wasn't to be. He told us that tonight had been fantastic and asked if we could repeat it sometime. I guess he knew the answer before I said it and I told him we would let him know when...as long as no one from the office found out I added, I wanted to keep this part of my new found life separate from work I told him. Before he left he promised. Although I was exhausted I had to take a quick shower, my face, tits, hair was crusty with dried in spunk. I hobbled into the bathroom, my pussy was feeling quite sore and my tits and nipples tender but overall...what a night!

Barry and I snuggled up to each other under the duvet; we kissed and cuddled each other passionately, with love and tenderness. "Well...was it as good as you expected?" he asked. I told him it had been a fantastic experience. "Just wait till the next time" I smiled, "There was this story I read on Literotica the other day....just got to find a way to set it up," I told him.