 I am a 32 year old woman. My name is Tiffany. I have two school-age kids and have been married since I was 18 years old. Even though I have two kids, I have been told many times that I don't look it and get compliments on my 5'4" 38-24-36 body all the time. This is my story.

It was a Thursday just like any other. My work week had been so stressful I was going crazy. I seemed to have a million projects going on at once. The only thing I did different on this Thursday was decide to stay home from work and take a break. I called in to my stick in the ass boss and faked a slight cough as I explained that I wasn't feeling very well, and yes I too hoped it was the 24-hour variety illness. 

I had a few minutes before I had to wake the kids up. Feeling frisky I decided to join my husband in the shower. I snuck into the large bathroom sneaking across the floor to the shower. He was so busy whistling while he was washing his hair he didn't even know I was there. I snuck in behind him, the droplets of water splashing onto my supple 38-D tits, exciting me even more. I pinched my nipples slightly, making the little pink buds very erect. I was right behind him now. I moved in and simultaneously bit the back of his neck and reached down and caressed his balls.

"Geez Tiffany!" he exclaimed as he jumped from me as if I had burned him. "What the fuck do you think you are doing? I've got to get ready for work."

Not ready to give up just yet, I tried to be a little more convincing. I moved closer and let my hard nipples brush onto his chest as I kissed him softly but urgently on his lips. 

"Aww, c'mon honey, can't you be just a little late today? It's been so long and I need your cock so bad." I let my fingers run down his back and caressed his ass. His ass has to be his best feature, and I loved to feel it. 

He reached back and grabbed my hands and held them in front of him. Pulling back from me he announced, "I told you, I've just been busy lately. This project is taking a lot of time and once we get it all wrapped up there will be more time for us, but now I have to go." And with that he got out of the shower, grabbed his towel, and headed out the bathroom door, obviously not waiting around to dry off just in case I made another advance on him.

Busy? Well that may be true, but I knew that there would not be an "us time" later. There would always be another project, and it would always have priority. Don't get me wrong, I love my husband very much, and it's not like he's a bad lover. In fact, I love to feel his 8 inch cock, and he always makes me cum. It was just that it had been a while. It had been over 2 months since we had sex, and I thought I was going to explode. The shower had in fact become my new best friend. He thinks that any sex toys are far too taboo and will not allow them, so I am left to my own devices. I masturbate in the shower almost daily, playing with my tender clit as the water rains down on it until I finally cum; it has been my only release. I always wondered what toys would be like, but I was a good, obedient wife, and if my husband told me no I listened. What difference did I know anyways, I figured. He had been my first and to this day was my only. It had never occurred to me to stray from him. I never had the desire, though lately my body had been stirring in ways I never imagined possible.

Sighing in defeat, trying to let the hot water melt my frustration away, I stood in the shower and washed my body. Unfortunately, by the time I was feeling any better, the clock on the bathroom wall told me it was time to get out and get the kids up. Oh well, looks like there will be no fun today.

I got out of the shower and dried off. I knew it couldn't be that I was unappealing. I may not be as petite and fresh as when I was just 18, but my 130 pound body had curves in all the right places. I quickly threw my hair up, stopping for just a second to wonder what it would be like to dye it blonde, and if that would make any difference. I hadn't changed my hairstyle in a while, it's strawberry blonde, curly, and comes to just below my shoulders. I grabbed a light pink terry cloth robe off of the back of the bathroom door and turned back to the mirror. After a second thought I took my hair down and tousled it around. He might be in a hurry, but maybe I can at least get a second look before he runs out the door. I went to my bedroom and managed to get some panties on when I heard him yelling up the stairs, "Are you going to make breakfast soon?" I decided to forget the rest of my clothes, I'll get dressed later. I grabbed a silky light purple robe that my daughter gave me for Christmas last year. 

I went down the hallway and roused the kids out of bed then went downstairs to make breakfast. Something simple, it was my day to relax, eggs, bacon, and toast was fine. I gave my best flirtatious smile when I met my husband in the kitchen, but he didn't seem to notice. He was too busy reading the Business section of the paper. Oh well, I tried. 

The kids came down and have their breakfast; everyone got ready and headed out the door. My husband left for work long before the kids were on the bus. I watched my kids get on the bus and closed the door with a sigh. Ok, time for some "me time" now. Eyeing the paper on the table I decided that getting dressed could wait, I was after all taking the day off. I sat down to peruse the paper, not finding much of interest except the crossword puzzle. I got quite caught up in the crossword, not realizing that almost an hour had passed when the doorbell rang. I wondered who it could be. No one is usually home at that time.

I got up to answer the door, not thinking twice about the fact that I had not bothered to put on any clothes. When I opened the door, I saw the sexiest man I had ever laid my eyes upon. He was fairly tall with rugged features and tousled dirty blonde hair. I could see the form of his muscular body under his white collared business shirt. He held a briefcase in his left hand. As I looked up at his face, I noticed his cool blue eyes searching my figure and I realized I was wearing only my robe. I cold feel myself blushing as the blood ran to my face. What was wrong with me? I'm a happily married woman?

"Hello," he said with a seductive smile that made my knees weak. "My name is Adam and this is Veronica. We are with Michaels Financial Services and we were wondering if we could speak to you about your current financial situation and how we could help?"

Veronica? At first I was confused, then from behind him stepped a woman. She was a few inches taller than me, a little less curvy with tits about a size smaller than mine. Her auburn hair was curled up into a bun behind her and her glasses gave her this smart/sexy look that caused a rise inside me. She was wearing a tight skirt suit with black nylons and black pumps. I had never even considered the thought of another woman before, nor had I ever thought of any woman in this way. But here I was thinking this woman was so Goddamn sexy. Maybe it was the fact that my clit was barely done throbbing from my thoughts this morning, or maybe it was just the fact that she was standing next to this incredibly sexy man, but either way I couldn't believe what I was feeling. 

My first instinct was to give them a polite no and send them on their way. After all, we both had ample life and health insurance through work and generous retirement plans already in place. But somehow, even though my brain kept saying no, my lips formed the words, "Sure come on in. Make yourselves comfortable." 

As they made their way to my kitchen table and sat down, I couldn't believe I had just invited them in. What was I doing? Ok, just a little chit chat and I will send them on their way. 

"Coffee?" I offered.

"Yes, please," He said with a southern drawl that was barely noticeable but oh so damn sexy.

"Yes, do you have cream? I like lots of cream," said the woman. As I looked at her to tell her we did she licked her lips. Was I imagining this or was she actually flirting with me? I must be imagining things. Nonetheless, I felt my thighs getting wet, which surprised me even more. 

I got the coffee and the cream and sat back down. They began to ask me the usual questions. About my career and my husband, kids, assets, all that stuff. Somewhere in the middle of talking about our income, I felt something on my leg. A foot working its way from my ankle up my robe. I froze. My heart started pounding. I'm sure the look on my face was obvious. It had to be the woman. I could feel the nylons on her feet. When I looked back up I noticed her arm moving. Was she rubbing his crotch? I couldn't quite see what she was doing, the table obstructing my view, but her arm was definitely moving and by the look on his face I knew something was going on. I started to feel dizzy and jumped up from the table to get more coffee. 

As I walked past them, I felt her hand quickly, subtly caress my ass. Was it a simple mistake? An accidental bump? Something inside me told me it wasn't. It lingered too long. I looked over at Adam as I got to the counter, somehow not surprised by the look of lust on his face. He was giving me a once-over again, and it was making my pussy drip and my nipples become erect, pushing out against my silky robe. I know he must have noticed because he was staring directly at my tits and his eyes widened. A seductive smirk came over his face as his eyes met mine, daring me, making me want him. I was now positive that she was rubbing his cock thought his pants. Oh my God? Was this really happening and in my house? 

I stood at the counter for a moment hoping to regain my thoughts. Just as I was about to turn around I felt him behind me. I startled, and as I turned around Adam was right there, two inches from me. I could feel his hot breath going down my robe and onto the top of my tits. Thoughts began to fly through my head. It had been so long since I felt a man. If my husband wasn't taking care of me, was it really so wrong? I don't know if it was the lack of sex in my life lately, my throbbing pussy, or just the feel of a man this close to me, but something snapped inside me, and my body took over.

I fell into him as he bit me on my neck and whispered in my ear. "I know you haven't felt a man in a long time. I can see it on you. I can smell it. And I'm going to make you feel good." 

He grabbed my hand and led me into the living room. By the time we got to the couch I couldn't wait any longer. I got down on my knees on the carpet, unzipped his pants and pulled out his throbbing cock. It had to be at least 9 inches long and a good 3 inches thick! I began to caress his balls with my tongue as my hand worked up the length of his shaft. I could hear him letting out soft moans as my tongue worked its way up the length of his cock to its head where I let my tongue dance for a while as I stroked the length of his cock with my hand. He began to shiver from my tongue, his cock getting sensitive. I then opened my mouth and began to take the length of his shaft, little by little, moving up and down on his cock until my mouth engulfed his entire hot throbbing rod. 

His hands grabbed my hair as he started moving with me, holding my head in place as he thrust his cock into my wanting mouth. My tongue massaged his cock as it throbbed inside my mouth, I was enjoying myself immensely. 

In fact I was enjoying myself so much that I was shocked to feel hands working my robe apart, pulling it off of my body. I had forgotten about Veronica! At first my instinct was to pull away, but that thought left as soon as it came. She began at my neck kissing and teasing with her tongue as I got my face fucked. She reached around and cupped my tits, massaging them, pinching my nipples. He pulled his cock out of my mouth temporarily to drip some of his pre-cum onto my nipples. For the first time since this episode began I saw her. She was stripped down to a velvet green bra and panties and I wondered how they would feel to the touch. 

She had a wicked smile on her face as she came around to the front of me and began to lick the juice off of my nipples. Before I could say a word or even let out a moan, he stuffed his cock back into my mouth and began thrusting, a little faster and harder this time. I could feel the juices dripping from my wet cunt as her tongue worked its way around my nipples. It worked in little circles, slowly at first, then moving faster, stopping only briefly to gently nibble on them. My body started to feel so warm, getting close to orgasm while this woman played with my nipples, making them feel like they had never felt before. 

Just as I thought I was going to pass out from it all, I felt his cock begin to grow and throb. He was thrusting more urgently now, and I got even more excited knowing that his hot load would soon be exploding in my mouth. Just as I felt the first drop of his hot cum exploding into my mouth, my body began to shiver. Between the feel of his cum and Veronica licking my nipples I was cumming. She continued to lick as my body shivered and I slurped down all of his juices, sucking his cock clean. He backed off from me and exclaimed, "Damn woman, you know how to suck a cock!"

As he sat down on the couch, Veronica moved her attention from my nipples and to my mouth. She kissed me, licking what juices Adam had left in my mouth. Trying to suck out any traces, searching with her tongue. She tasted so sweet, so wonderful. I will never forget how sweet her kiss tasted. 

She slowly worked her way down my neck, back to my nipples. But this time she only lingered there a short time, playing with my still erect buds. She worked her way down my belly, kissing all the way down to my pink lace panties. Instead of pulling them down she simply pushed them aside as to reveal my neatly trimmed patch above my clean-shaven pussy. She kissed down my pussy continuing all the way down the outsides of my pussy lips, licking as she went, flicking her tongue but never going down my slit. She then pulled my panties so that they parted my slit and began to suck and nibble on the lips of my sweet pussy. I could no longer stand it; I arched back and lay on the floor, giving myself to her. 

She slowly pulled my panties down over my hips and to my ankles, pulling them through one leg at a time while gently nibbling my ankles, sending chills through my legs all the way to my pussy. She then worked her way back up my legs to my inner thighs, where she lingered just long enough to drive me just a little more crazy. My inner thighs were completely wet with my juices as she licked them practically clean. 

As she moved to my pussy I already began to shiver. She licked and sucked on my pussy lips more, but this time let her tongue come through my slit just a little. Just enough to tease my hungry little hole. She finally moved her way up and when her tongue flicked my clit I couldn't help but let out a little yelp between my moans. My back arched and my pussy met her mouth full on. She began to work little circles around my clit, gently massaging it, making it throb as my body shivered. Every so often she would move her tongue down and dart it around my hole. I was so close to cumming just from the intensity of the moment, but she knew just what she was doing, and kept bringing me as close as possible without letting me cum. My clit had to be so hard and I was sure that she could almost feel it throbbing on her tongue when she pulled away again. 

I was so close my whole body was tense as she thrust her wonderful tongue in my hungry hole. I didn't know how bad my body needed something in it until this moment. She didn't have to tongue fuck my cunt very long. My whole body tensed as I felt my cunt tightening around her tongue. The throbbing ache in my clit as it was so close to cumming only a moment ago now ebbed away as I felt my orgasm building in my pussy. I could feel my thighs beginning to quiver as my cunt got ready to explode. As I finally climaxed, I could feel every muscle in my cunt grasping at her tongue, pulling it deeper and deeper inside me. I grabbed her by that neatly styled hair of hers and forced her face into me, trying to prolong my orgasm, drenching her face with my juices. I finally released her, though now that my pussy had cum, my clit began to swell and throb again, wanting that tongue of hers.

She then came up to kiss me once again, letting me taste my own juices, something I had never done before. It was very erotic. I tasted damn good, and it only made me want more. I finally reached down and felt those velvet panties, but what I really wanted was to taste the sweet mound underneath.

I began to move down her neck now to her tits. I had never had a nipple in my mouth before, but as I removed her bra I found myself sucking and nibbling on her nipple like a pro. I rolled my tongue around her nipple as my hand made its way to feel her other tit and nipple. I could feel the juices from my pussy run down my leg as I worked my other hand down to her pussy. 

First I felt her lips through those soft panties. I could tell she was shaven like me, only she was completely bare. I couldn't hold out any longer. I pulled her panties off and lay her on her back in one quick movement. I was ready to taste pussy, and at the first lick of her juices off of her pussy lips I wondered why I had waited so many years. 

I was up on my knees as my tongue slowly caressed the lips of her pussy, wanting to explore every bit of it. Just as my tongue found its way to her tender clit, I felt Adam behind me. He began to rub the head of his cock along my slit. This caused me to moan into Veronica's pussy, making her shiver. 

He finally plunged his cock deep into my pussy, and what a magnificent cock it was. I had never had a cock fill me quite like that and I knew at that point that I was definitely in for the best fuck of my life. He stroked his cock in and out of my pussy, slowly filling every inch of me over and over again. 

I began to lick Veronica's pussy faster. Rolling my tongue in fast circles over her tender little clit. As I felt her begin to tense, I slowed and moved my tongue down to her little cunt. I buried my tongue inside her, feeling her velvety pussy wrap and clench around it. I was only able to do this for a short time when I couldn't stand but put a finger inside her and feel her pussy. It was so soft, I just loved it. I went back to licking her clit while I fucked her with my fingers, first one, then two, until I got to three. 

Adam started fucking me a bit harder now, getting deep into my pussy, causing me to moan while I continued to lick Veronica's clit. I fucked her harder and faster with my fingers as she ground her pussy up into my mouth more and more. Her juices were really starting to flow when suddenly she pulled away.

At first I didn't understand why she had but then she positioned herself under me so that we were in a 69. She began to lick my clit and run her tongue all the way up to my cunt and around the sides of Adam's cock, pulling back occasionally to suck my juices off of his balls. I buried my face back into her pussy, licking and sucking ferociously as I finger fucked her, using four fingers now. My God if there was a heaven on earth this was definitely it. 

As I picked up the pace on her pussy, she did the same with mine. Sensing both of us nearing orgasm, Adam began to really fuck me. I realized that thus far he had only been toying with me. His magnificent cock was coursing through me. So hard and fast it was making me dizzy, and Veronica just kept licking, faster and faster. 

Finally, I exploded. It seemed as if every muscle in my body was jumping and twitching as my pussy and clit orgasmed in unison. I could feel my body jerking and spasming from the force of it, but could do nothing to stop it. My pussy clenched so hard on his cock, I'm surprised it didn't get pushed right out of me. I could hear Veronica trying to slurp my juices up as fast as she could as my body spasmed above her. I felt Veronica's clit harden and her pussy lips began to twitch under my tongue. It was only a few seconds after that that her body too began to spasm. Adam pulled out of my pussy and the two of us writhed around, refusing to remove our mouths from each other's pussies for fear of losing a single drop of that sweet nectar. We rolled around on the floor until we could no longer breathe. 
