 Once again it was summer and the Bertucci family had left the city to spend the hot and dry months of the year in the lush setting of their sea side estate. Surrounded by Mediterranean vegetation, the main house sat on a hill, overlooking the ocean. With the stables in the back, a few paces away from the manor and the servants’ quarters set back to the right, it was obvious that the Bertucci family had known how to live for many generations already. The magnificent gardens held the white shining mansion as would a sheet of the finest silk hold a precious jewel.

When the carriages and riders arrived at the estate, it was late in the afternoon already, and at once the liveried servants - most of them had arrived on the estate a few days before already to prepare the mansion for the owners - hurried to open the doors and give a helping hand to the Lords and Ladies when stepping down. The warm summer air was filled with the soft and electric rustle of long silk gowns, with the hard and crunching noises of the Gentlemen’s riding boots, and everywhere there was relaxed chatter and laughter.

Hidden in the shadow of the trees stood Lizette. It was her first summer on Nahl Bo. She had been taken into service only a few months ago. With her eyes wide open she looked at the Lords in their tight fitting breeches and the high polished riding boots. And what a sight were the ladies, their dresses outshining each other, shining brocade and fine woven crêpe de chine, jewels and ...pearls snugly fit around the slim necks or resting in the cradle of firm breasts ... Lizette looked down to her own dress, raw wool, and plain cotton, yet it was more than she ever had owned before. Then her eyes went back to scene in front of the mansion, she dreamed herself among the Ladies there, holding a fan and throwing cheeky and daring glances at the young gentlemen, just to be cruelly drawn back to reality when the cook’s voice echoed through the servant’s quarters. 

After a few days, young Lizette had become used to the schedules of the long and lazy summer days. Lazy they were, but not for the servants, as Lizette found out soon enough. After late breakfasts with whatever the Lords’ and Ladies’ hearts did desire, high were the piles of plates and silverware that Lizette had to take care of in the kitchen. 

At 18 being the youngest girl among the servants and the one who only had been taken into service recently, her task was the one of the scullery maid, cleaning the kitchen and washing the plates, preparing the fruits and vegetables for the cooks and cleaning the ashes from the hearth. That was why she was always the last one to be in the mansion’s kitchen, and the first one to arrive before the next meal had to be prepared. And so she was in the kitchen all by herself this late afternoon again, washing the dishes from the afternoon tea and starting to prepare the vegetables for the dinner. 

It was a hot day again, and the steam raising from the hot water she used made her dark hair curl and strands of it stuck to her lovely young face. Knowing she was all by herself, she had raised one side of her long and heavy skirts and shoved them under the apron, and her corsage was not laced as tight and high as the kitchen mistress might have seen fit, but Lizette was grateful for every little breeze that now and then waved through the open kitchen door. It was silent and nothing but the occasional buzzing of a bee or the clack of the dishes in the sink could be heard in the sweet and heavy summer air.

Once again she dived into the hot soap water up to her elbows with another load of dishes, when she heard voices approaching. She knew by now that it would be the young Sires Gianni and Pedro, they always returned from the stables this time of the day and returned from their horses, taking the shortcut through the servants’ entrance. Laughing about some rude jokes the stable boys had made, the two young Lords approached the kitchen door, and Lizette, without turning around, could tell they had stopped and here watching her. As if she was not there, the two young men continued their conversation ... and she could hear some fragments of the conversation as they entered the kitchen. 

"Wouldn’t you think, Pedro, that this lovely lass here could offer us some ... refreshment? ... I think she is a pretty little thing actually...." 

She heard the deep laugh of Pedro in response to Gianni’s words and then felt the hot breath of one of them against her neck ... she did not move, kept intently staring into the dirty water with her hands holding the plate she was about to finish and felt a deep blush spread across her face and neck.

And then she felt her skirts being lifted. With another blush she became aware that she was not wearing anything underneath due to the heat of these summer days. She heard Sire Gianni whisper against her neck "Now my little beauty, I guess you would not mind being away from the dishes for a moment, right?" and as he sent shivers down her spine with these words, she could feel her skirts being raised higher as he slid his riding crop up her bare legs. She felt the burning desire build up in her body , concentrating in the moist folds between her legs. She was young, but she knew exactly what these late afternoon visitors had in mind... and her body responded as if having a soul and mind of its own.

She heard a chair being moved, most likely Pedro was taking a seat, and then Gianni stepped back from her, asking for two glasses of wine. She withdrew from her dishes and drying her hands on the white apron she gracefully walked over to the shelves in a cool dark corner of the kitchen and reached up for a bottle of red wine. She had to stretch and raise on the tips of her toes to reach the bottle and the lightly tied corsage slid down to expose the pink buds of her nipples - of course not unnoticed by the two young Lords who intently were watching each of her moves. 

When she returned to the table, Sir Pedro pulled her close and without any further warning vigorously started to suck on her hard nipples. No protest came from Lizette’s lips and her deep moan would have given away any complaint for a lie in an instant. As she stood bent down so Pedro could play with her rock hard nipples conveniently sitting on the chair, she felt once again the riding crop slide up the inside of her legs, lifting her skirt till her firm butt was displayed to Lord Gianni’s expert eyes.

Lizette felt the heat building up between her legs - turning into a burning fire when all of a sudden the riding crop came down across her rear cheeks. Her startled scream was kissed away at once by Pedro who now had taken a firm hold of her hair and closed his lips over hers, his free hand squeezing and pinching her firm breasts and erect nipples, his tongue conquering the warm moist cave of her mouth. 

Lizette shifted her body now rather vividly under the continuous spanking she was given ... now and then interrupted by a teasing pinch or caress of her now hot and moist pussy that drove her almost insane. And then she felt the hand of Sire Pedro pulling hers down to his breeches where she felt a hard bulge in the tight confines... and without hesitation she hurried to relief the pressure on his erect member that was doubtlessly turning painful already. Stunned she looked at the mighty tool that was exposed before her eyes a moment later. And while the spanking and teasing on her most delicious parts continued she started to attend to Master Pedro’s needs, with little flicks of her small pink tongue at first, then licking along the whole length of his shaft.

Only after her ass had taken on a rather deep shade of red Master Gianni stopped his torture and then she felt the tip of his cock sliding up and down along her hungry nether lips... she tried to shift her hips, swaying and wagging to make him quench the desire and passion he had raised ... but he kept teasing her, withdrawing ... till another moan, an almost begging sound slipped from the passionate girl’s lips.... and then ... finally .... while she closed her lips around the cock in front of her and took him deep down into her throat she felt the other cock with hard deep thrusts penetrate her. 

Gianni’s hands on her ass, spreading her cheeks wide open and thus adding to the sensation of being completely owned and penetrated..... it took them only moments to reach the peak of ecstasy and pleasure .... and almost the same instant the Lords shot their juices into the heated caves Lizette so willingly offered for their pleasure. 

Another couple of minutes, and breeches were closed and ties readjusted ... and Lizette was alone in the kitchen again.

The air was still, and only the occasional buzzing of a bee would interrupt the silence. "That," Lizette thought with a smile, "… and the occasional passionate moan of love making." Yes, she would like this summer on Nahl Bo for sure!