 I am the manager at my department. I budget for a party for my employees every year. I rent a boardroom at the lodge and make sure the company pays for rooms so nobody has to drive home as it is an open bar. I give them the afternoon off so they have time to get ready for cocktails at 5:30.

Eight of my twelve staff are female and range from 25 to 40 years old. Most are bringing dates but three including me will be single.

Amber is 36 and does our pay role. Teresa is 27 and is my receptionist. They both are always very friendly. I would date both, but am afraid of reading them wrong and facing harassment charges.

I arrive at 5 to check the bar, food menu and make sure everything is in order. Go to my room to change. I put on my pin stripe suit. Blue satin shirt. Red satin tie. Hugo after shave.

I go back down about 5:30. Amber is at the bar. She is stunning in her red satin dress. Open back that shows the beginning of her crack, flowing over her round firm bum. I stand beside her ordering a rum and coke. The front of her dress covered her firm tits and tied around her neck. Her nipples were visible through the thin fabric. Her leg was exposed from the slit in her dress to her thigh.

My eyes linger from top to bottom.

"Now you notice. Been trying to get your attention for months." As she pats the seat beside her.

I quickly sit hoping she hasn't noticed the bulge in my pants.

"I've noticed, but wasn't sure. Out of practice at reading signs. Didn't want to make things uncomfortable. I'm surprised you don't have a date tonight."

"I'm selective. Maybe Teresa is my date. If I can't have the man I want. I get it from girls."

Teresa walks in wearing the same dress in black. Her tits a little smaller but her nipples protruded and she didn't seem to mind me starring. Her blond hair flowing to her waist tied to the side. Her firm tits jiggling as she walks. The bar tender starring with every body else. She sits on the other side of me. Her leg brushing against mine.

"Mind if I join you? Ordering a glass of white wine. Wine relaxes me. Be careful." Gently running her finger across the back of my hand.

"Glad you got here. Any problem finding our room? I was hoping you would come early and let me relax you." Amber said, as she leaned over me kissing her hand. Giving me a full view of her mature firm tits.

"Well should we find our seats for supper?" I asked hoping to distract the conversation.

These woman were getting me excited and I was afraid of what I might do. We got up and they put their arms around me on each side. Locking their hands together and squeezing me. We sat down. I felt like monkey in the middle and decided to just enjoy two gorgeous woman this evening and let it develop however it would.

During the meal my cock was being massaged by one or the other. I couldn't tell which. I was hard as a rock and they just kept chatting as if nothing was happening.

The music started and Teresa got up and began swaying pulling my hand to join her. I shake my head no. Afraid of my throbbing cock being noticed. She kept pulling me to the floor. Gyrating her ass on my cock and taking my hands over her shoulders and placing them on her tits as she fucks me through our clothes.

I look around and everybody else is in a state of undress and doing all kinds of sexual things to each other.

Amber comes behind me. Undoes my zipper and slides my cock between Teresa legs. 

"Join the orgy. We have planned this for months. You're the only one who hasn't played." Biting my neck.

She then moves around front and takes Teresa's tits out and sucks them. Slides her skirt to the side and straddles her leg. Fucking herself on it.

The music stops. "Snowball." The disk jockey yells.

Amber pushes Teresa away. Lifts herself on my cock with her legs around my waist.

"Fuck me against the wall. Punish my slutty cunt. I planned this. Discipline me."

I walked her to the wall and pounded her hard. My reputation and respect was gone now anyway. Might as well get fired with a bang. I turned her around and pounded her wet sopping cunt doggy. Holding her hair like reins and fucking her without mercy.

The crowd was chanting. "Fuck her. Fuck her. Fuck her in her ass."

Sweat was forming on her back and running off my forehead. I stopped to catch my breath. She slid down undid my pants slid them down and took my cock deep in her throat. I face fucked her like a street slut, as she tore her skirt off. 

Lifted her ass up as Teresa licked her cunt before Johnny in sales rammed her with his cock. Forcing my cock deeper in her throat. Gagging and moaning, Slobbering all over my cock and herself. Teresa seemed to enjoy licking her love button and Johnny's balls while he pounded her cunt.

I looked around the room and noticed Crystal. Crystal is a petite native with jet black hair high cheek bones a slight overbite and a gap between her teeth. Crystal wears thick black rimmed glasses that actually make her sexier. She usually wears her hair up. Tonight it was down flowing to her waist, shimmering in the light. She does all our invoicing, and her attention to detail is impressive.

Crystal wore a cute little red dress with spaghetti straps, that displayed her nipples visible to me from here. Her nylons were held up with a garter. She seemed to be enjoying the party, with her dress up and her hand rubbing herself through her red lace panties.

Since my wife passed. I've taken to watching porn and petite girls are my favorite. I wonder if it's true that they make up for their lack of tits with the energy and enthusiasm they portray on the screen.

I pulled my pants up. Left the girls and Johnny to their fun. Went over to welcome Crystal to the party. My hard cock was throbbing against my pants as I got closer and saw how aroused she was watching the orgy going on around her. That is when I realized. I managed an office of sex addicts.

When she noticed me. She quickly pulled her dress down and was embarrassed that I noticed her.

"I know. I was surprised too. I didn't see you at dinner."

"I got here late. I wasn't sure if I should come. I really don't know anyone."

"You know me." Smiling.

"Only at work, and you hardly notice me." 

"I notice the work you do, and I notice how cute you are."

She smiled and said. "But all the other woman have big boobs and sexy bodies. Not like me with no curves."

"I like what I see." Starring at her erect nipples pressing against the thin fabric of her dress.

I moved her hair to the side brushing against one of her nipples. She leaned in closer, giving me a full feel. Her hand squeezed my rock hard cock as I lingered on her tit. I could see she wasn't comfortable doing this in public, and to be honest. It wasn't my first choice either.

"I forgot the staff bonuses in my room. Would you mind coming up with me to get them?"

Once in the elevator. Crystal knelt down and began nibbling my cock through my pants. Looking up at me with her big brown eyes. I ran my hands through her silky black hair, as she went to work on me through my pants. I wanted to take those small little titties in my mouth. What's taking this elevator so long? It's only 30 floors.

It stopped on the 15th floor. She quickly stood up rubbing her ass against my cock. Hiding the wetness from her mouth and keeping me hard with her slight gyrating. Fuck! This girl knew how to tease.

A group got on starring at us. Noticing the age difference, and the obvious lust in my eyes.

"Thank you for seeing me home sir. I don't know what those men would have done if you hadn't showed up. Are you sure your date won't mind waiting for you in your room?" She said loud enough for them to hear.

"No she understands." I responded trying not to sound surprised.

She smiled as she backed into me harder.

They quit starring and whispering as we arrived on the 30th floor. 2345. That's me. I opened the door. Crystal went straight to the phone. I looked questioningly. 

"My twin sister is in our room. I told her I would only be a few minutes and it's been over an hour. She worries".

Crystal sat on the bed, her legs parted enough to show me her garter and panties. She motioned me closer with her finger. I stepped closer as she pulled her pantie to the side and slid her finger in. Moaning. She pulled it out and put it in my mouth.

Just then. A knock on the door. She jumped up ran to the door. Opened it and let in a mirror image of herself. Well almost. When she took her coat off. She was wearing a white lace bra, garter stockings, and lace panties. Her tits were a little bigger but they were definitely twins.

"This is Carla my twin sister. We share everything. Is that OK?"

I nodded. Eyes big as saucers. They sauntered over. Crystal undid my belt as Carla undid my tie and shirt. Kissing my nipples, while Crystal slipped her straps over her shoulders and I undid the zipper of her dress allowing it to fall to the floor.

Carla had my pants to my ankles and was licking my cock up and down. I took one of Crystal's tits in my mouth, feeling her nipple tickle the roof of my mouth. Carla was now sucking my balls and fingering her sister. She pulled her panties down and was fucking her with her fingers.

Carla got up. Unhooked her bra to expose her rock hard nipples, so I could suck them too. Crystal climbed up on my cock, while Carla sucked her tits. Pushing me back on the bed. Crystal riding my cock. Carla straddled on my face. Both writhing and moaning in orgasm as they double teamed me. Kissing each other and teasing their tits.

They switched positions as we fucked together for a while. I tried to think of everything but these two horny sisters. Trying not to cum. They got up leaned over the counter looking back fingering there cunts. Their silky black hair resting on the rise of their petite asses.

I went over and drove my cock in Carla's cunt while fingering Crystal as they kissed each other, slobbering and tonguing deep. Switched girls and felt their cunts tighten on my cock and fingers as they shook in orgasm. Juices flowing down their legs staining both stockings.

"I'm going to cum." I managed to get out between gasps trying to get my breath.

They turned around on their knees. Crystal took me deep to my pubic hair down her throat. Carla took my balls in her mouth and sucked hard.

"Yes. Fuck. Cumming." As my body tensed and Crystal sucked on my head and Carla squeezed my cock.

Crystal's eyes widened as my cum could no longer be held back. Filling her mouth and pointing my cock to Carla for the second spurt to hit her glasses and mouth.

They took turns sucking my cock and slurping my cum down the shaft. My knees weak. I began to slide to the floor as they continued to drain my cock. I laid on my back panting watching them lick my cum off each other.

"Fuck. The bonuses." I said enjoying the girls.

"Shall we wait for you?" Crystal asked. Giggling.

"I'll give them Monday. This old man is too spent to walk."

The twins giggled as they helped me to the bed and sandwiched me between them. I drifted off, while they played with my limp cock. 

Well the things you find out about your employees at a Christmas party.

*****

Merry Christmas and I hope you enjoy many orgasms with my story. Please don't forget to comment. 

Durty Writer.