 **Just a heads-up for the haters...there 'might' be some wife-encouraged MMF loving going on further down this page so if that's a turn-off for you this would be a good time for you to move along to another story...Just sayin'...**

***

I sleep with an eye mask because I'm sensitive to light when I sleep. With my mask on I sleep like a baby, very deeply.

Last night I thought I was dreaming as I was gently awakened by my wife who seemed to have become spontaneously amorous. I felt her mouth on my right nipple and as she licked and suckled and I began to enjoy the moment.

My hands started to move towards removing my mask when my wife whispered.

"No Honey, keep your mask on."

She let go a soft moan and continued...

"This is your dream, Honey. Just go with whatever you feel. Enjoy the experience. It's just a wonderful dream." She said quietly as she began to stroke my now hardening cock. She returned to suckling and nibbling on my nipple...

After a few minutes I could feel my slick pre-cum coating my cock and lubricating her gentle stroking. 

"Mmmmmmmmm" was all I could muster as encouragement for my loving wife.

She suckled harder and then she gave my shaft a strong squeeze.

As my pre-cum was forced out it collected on the tip of my cockhead. My wife wiped her finger across my pee hole and brought a generous glob of my seed up to my lips. She knows I love the taste of my seed.

"You like that, don't you Honey." She stated knowing full well that I do. "Enjoy your dream Honey, it's just beginning..." she softly continued.

With that she rolled off the bed and walked across the room. She turned on some soft music and returned to the bed. She then resumed her nibbling of my breast and again grasped my shaft, giving it a few more good pulls.

"Mmmmmmmmmm" I said again. By now she didn't seem to need my encouragement, but I couldn't help myself.

She wiped some more of my pre-cum from the tip of my cock and again brought it to my lips. With two cum-covered fingers she traced all around my lips before pressing them into my mouth. She held them there for a moment while I washed my cum off of them with my tongue, then she pressed her fingers as deep into my mouth as she could. I started to gag but I was able to stave off the reflex and relax... I sucked her two fingers hard as she held them deep in my mouth. I savored the mild taste of my cum.

My wife sucked harder on my nipple and began to pull it with her teeth causing more fluid to be released from my cock. She repeated the feeding as before, but this time she whispered in my ear as she fed me her cum-soaked fingers...

"This is your dream Honey. Your dream, and only your dream. Enjoy it. Relax and go with it — wherever it takes you. Relax. Savor the moment. Enjoy your sweet sweet dream."

Her fingers left my mouth but did not immediately return to my now throbbing cock.

Still blindfolded by my eye mask, hearing only the soft romantic music and the sound of my wife suckling my nipple, I found myself truly in a dream state. I knew that what I was feeling was real, yet I still feared I'd awaken and the moment would disappear.

I felt a weight shift on the bed, but nothing serious enough to jar me back from my state of semi-consciousness.

Soon I felt a warm sensation close to my still cum-coated lips. Something warm and slick with fluid began to make contact with my lips. It was a gentle contact. It felt warmer than my wife's fingers had felt, I noticed a faint musky scent as it pressed gently against my lips.

My wife sensed my confusion.

"It's your dream Honey, enjoy the sensations."

I've long dreamed of experiencing the pleasure of servicing another man. I've often discussed this desire with my wife — but only when I was high and we were sharing our dirtiest fantasies...I never once imagined she'd allow it to happen...

"It's your dream Honey" she whispered again.

The warm spongy object pressed harder against my lips and the cool wetness lubricated the head of what I now perceived as the head of another man's cock...

I relaxed, accepted and slowly allowed my lips to part and welcome this hot, wet and much larger than expected object. It was at this moment that I began to realize that it was in fact a rather sizable cock, a real live one (attached to a real live man, a stranger) that was now pressing It's way past my lips and filling my mouth. I began to taste the stranger's sweet pre-cum as my tongue washed around the head and welcome this wonderful invader into my mouth.

It was truly "My Dream" now. A dream I've kept for, oh so long. A dream I never had ever more than remotely hoped to experience... My beautiful wife, my life partner, was providing and encouraging this unexpected but pleasant surprise.

"Mmmmmmmmmm" I moaned again as I began to suck the stranger. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm" I continued as I felt my wife bite and tug on my nipple. She reached down and stroked my cock, gripping it hard and taking full advantage of the natural lubrication now flowing from my pee hole, her fist sliding from my ball sack to my engorged helmet and back again in rapid succession...

I knew at this moment that my senses were in overload and my orgasm was building fast.

I brought my hands to the stranger's cock and balls and started to explore. It's my first experience with a cock other than my own so my curiosity is intense. My focus quickly turns away from the euphoria I'm feeling at my breast and on my shaft, and my attention is turned entirely to the exploration of the organ now pressing deeper onto my mouth.

Since I couldn't see him and I could only hear his soft moans over the music, I was relying on my senses of taste and feel to develop a mental picture of exactly what was happening to me right now.

The stranger's cock was hot, thick shafted and hard with a pronounced spongy helmet. His balls hung below, large and heavy. They too were hot.

His delicious cockhead was hot and slippery. It was filling my mouth as it pushed deeper towards my throat. I relaxed my throat and awaited a push that would test my gag reflex. 

I grasped the remaining length of his shaft and began to stroke him. With my other hand I grasped and squeezed his balls until I felt him exhale deeply. 

He pushed. His cock entered my throat. 

It wasn't a dream anymore as things just got real!

I started to gag but managed to open my mouth and throat enough to stave off the reflex. This strangers cock was now plunging deep into my throat. My hand that had moments before stroked his shaft was now opened flat on my new lover's torso as my nose breathed in the musky scent of his pubic bush. I squeezed his balls again as I moved my head back again to catch my breath.

As the hardness of his bulbous cockhead made its way back out of my throat and back to where I could again tongue it's pee hole, I felt every bump along the way. 

He left a generous trail of fresh pre-cum in its path. I sucked as hard as I could. I wanted to taste more of his essence. I was rewarded.

His seed not only tasted sweet and raw, but it also provided added lubricant for the face-pounding I was about to enthusiastically receive.

As I've mentioned, this scenario has been a dream of mine for a very long time. I've spent many hours imagining what this experience would entail. In all of my imaginings I never came close to the real experience that I was now enjoying.

His cock was so hot in my mouth. His cream so sweet and rare and slick. His head was bulbous, spongy and large, just as I'd imagined— but the hardness and length of his shaft was a truly eye opening and pleasant surprise!

I took him deep into my throat again.

He pressed hard, his pubic bone crushing against my nose. He held it there for a moment and then with a loud moan he began to pull back again.

My wife bit my nipple hard and then sucked my breast deep into her mouth. I moaned on the strangers cock as my wife gripped and stroked my own cock briskly.

The stranger pressed his manhood back into my face and down my throat again. He began to establish a rhythm as he fucked my face.

Still blindfolded I caressed the balls of a stranger. My wife continued her assault on my nipple, the pain transferring to pleasure in the shaft of my own cock. 

I was now truly living the dream. I never wanted to wake up!

My new lover was coating my mouth and throat with an ever increasing volume of creamy, slippery pre-cum and the flavor (which I'll never get enough of!) was in fact, "dreamy."

The rhythm we had created was the best high, the best experience I've ever felt.

I'm blindfolded. My wife is at my side encouraging me to give this stranger head. Truly "My dream."

Just as my euphoria peeked, it happened.

I felt my lover's balls tighten as he continued to pound my face. His shaft became harder and longer, his helmet swollen and now molten hot...

He screamed out in ecstasy as his cock filled my throat and then my mouth with his ultimate gift. His hot cream filled me as shot after shot blasted into my throat from this magnificent male organ. I felt each and every individual spurt as he fed me his delicious seed. Not unlike my first blast of cocaine in the 80's, instantly I became an addict. The musty-sweet flavor. The thickness. The slippery feeling throughout my mouth and tonsils...

My own cock began to release, the first rope hitting my wife's face as she pulled off my nipple. She quickly moved down and engulfed my cock in her mouth, receiving the remaining pulses in her own mouth.

As my new secret lover's cock deflated in my mouth and eventually pulled out and away, my wife reached up and again gave my nipple a twist. This inspired a final small squirt of semen from my cock into her mouth.

My own cock deflated and melted out of her mouth. She slowly brought her face up to mine and I felt her lips gently touch my own. Our lips parted and we swirled our tongues together mixing my own cum from my wife's mouth with the strangers cum still lingering in my mouth. I savored both as I drifted back to sleep.

When I awoke and removed my eyeshades it was daybreak. My beautiful wife still lying next to me. No sign of the stranger or any indication of what had happened in the night.

It was my dream... a dream that left a fabulous taste in my mouth!