 Lately, I have been wondering what it would be like to be with two men that fuck each other with me with them watching and partaking.

I have been seeing Rob, who was very open with me about his thirst for men.

I have also being seeing Don. Don found me on an adult playing site. He answered my call for a younger man that was wondering what it would be like to be with an older, voluptuous women. Don is also married and has two little girls

Rob is a soft-spoken man, married man with two kids. His sex life with his wife was ok, but he was hungry for something else. A man's cock. He couldn't tell his wife that... she just wouldn't understand. So, Rob went in search of his dream.

I do not intend to stay with either man. They both know this from the start. Also that they would be very safe about me not telling anyone about us. However, they didn't know about each other. Neither did I know about these two men meeting up with each other. They had each found each other on the same site as Don & Rob found me.

I know it's confusing but bare with me.

Don is a handsome man, beautiful blue eyes, dark short hair, & a soft almost shy smile. His lips are soft and hungry for kisses. He is very well built, muscular, and a cock that is mmm, mmm, good!! His cock is thick and long .We meet on several occasions as he works here in town. 

Rob is a bit thinner, a little older, sandy blonde hair with a few streaks of greying in the temples making him look so sexy. He is a very hairy man, alllllll over his body and a cock that loves to be sucked. He loves to bring his toys to play with as well.

I have just met Rob and we talked about maybe getting another man to join us. However, that was going to be later as we were still in the exploring stages. He has a wonderful touch, soft and tender. 

I was e-mailing them both pics of my tits I just took after my surgery. (I just had Open Heart Surgery). I was hoping that the scar wasn't going to scare them off.

Rob had noticed a familiar address. It was Don's. He emailed me right away. Excitingly he writes: "Rita, you know what we talked about the last time we met? Well, it seems we both know "mecanlikman". Can I tell him we know each other."

My heart skipped a beat. "Oh my gwaddddd... YESSSSSSS" I wrote back. 

I went on line that afternoon and chatted with Don. He was still at work. I asked him if Rob had gotten a hold of him. Don was silent. I asked if he was ok. 

Don said he was but was embarrassed. 

I typed back.... "Why on earth?? It was the sexiest thing I had heard in a very long time". 

Then I asked if he would be interested in a threesome with Rob & me. I told him about my fantasy. He was surprised and relieved, and then excited.

I set it up.. We were all to meet here, as my kids are all on their own. Both Men had been here so they knew how to get here.

. It was the longest day in time, I'm sure. We all felt that way. They day seemed to just drag on forever only because we wanted it to be after supper.

Finally, work was over and the boys would soon be here.

I brought out the futon, lit all my candles and put on some sexy sax music. I went in and took a long hot bath. I wanted to make sure I was very clean allllllll over. I concentrated on my cunt lips as I always have shaved them. I even concentrated on my ass. Mmmmmmmm it felt good as the razor softly glided over it. My tits seemed fuller tonight. My nipples longer.

I sat at the table and put on my make-up& did my hair. I had spent special time to look exceptionally sexy for them tonight.

I had on a black and red teddy that emphasised my full tits. The back was very low and the ass was a thong. Then I put on my favourite "fuck –me" shoes. It was both men's favourite outfit.

I looked at the time. They would be here any time now. I poured them both their favourite drinks. Don, a beer & Ron, red wine. I poured myself a rye & coke, and sat for a bit, looked around to make sure everything was good.

BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.... They are here!! 

I rose from the chair and went to the intercom.

" Hello?"

"Hi Babe!! We are here..."

"Great cum in!!"

I rang them up and in a few mins; there was a tapping at the door. I put my drink down and answered the door.

" Hi Guys, Ready for some fun? "

Rob said: WOW! You look great!!

Dona said " You've lost some weight, glad not your tits!!"

We all laughed.

"Cum in guys.."

I handed them their drinks and we sat and chatted for a bit.

We giggled at the fact that we all thought about each other for the other partner.

After we each had three drinks, Don was the first to make a move.

His hand on Rob knee looked soft and warm as he looked into Rob's face. His hand started up towards Rob's crotch.

Don had his hand rubbing the growing bulge in Rob's pants and looked straight into Rob's eyes as he moved his hand up and reached for his pants and belt. He slowly undid them without saying a word and I watched the growing lust in my eyes as he pulled Rob's pants apart and reached in to caress his cock. After a minute or two, he pulled Rob's shorts down and let his hard cock spring out into the air, free from its constraints.

He ran his hand up and down the length and played with the slit a little before he looked up at me.

"Like what you see, Rita?"

"Fuck Yeah!! I just wanna watch for a while if that's ok with you guys?"

"You watch as I suck your nipples, and Don can continue sucking my cock," replied Rob. He smiled with that sexy smile he has.

" Mmmmmmmmm, OKKKKK!!" I slide quickly over to Rob.

Don was on his knees. He licked around the head of Rob's cock and bobbed a couple of times up and down. I slipped off my shoulder strap to expose my tit to Rob. He eagerly grasped the nipple and began to suck hard. Instantly the juices in my cunt started to flow. I sighed at his touch.

Don manipulated Rob's cock with his tongue and massaged his balls. It didn't take long until Rob felt his balls starting to tighten.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm Don, slow down I want to last all night "

Don took Rob's cock out of his mouth and looked over at me.

"You enjoy this, don't you?" he said.

" Fuck Yeah. It truly is the sexiest sight on earth" I sighed.

I nodded. I felt him get up and I flowed him with my eyes to see him taking his clothes off. His cock was hard and it was sticking straight out in front of him. He turned towards me and his cock swung towards my mouth. I opened it and he pushed his cock into me, sliding it in slowly until I felt it hit the back of my throat. I sucked on him as he slid back out again.

"You love the taste of cock too, don't you?" he asked as he slid it back into me again.

I moaned. I had a cock in my mouth and a mouth on my tit.

"Oh yeah. That feels so good," he said, taking my head in his hands and holding me against his crotch. "Keep sucking me. It feels so good."

Rob reached around to Don, grabbed his ass cheeks, and pulled him into me. Don was still holding my head as I sucked him. I took his cock out of my mouth and looked up at him.

"MMMMM don't stop"

Rob pulled him to me again and I engulfed his cock, licking it up and down and sucking on the head. He groaned as I did and I cupped his balls with one hand, squeezing them gently as I continued sucking him. With the other hand, I grabbed Rob's cock, and stroked up and down. Both men were moaning at the touch of my mouth and my hands.

Rob said "Ok, Guys, My turn"

He pulled me down beside him and pushed me onto my back. He spread my legs and he leaned down to take my juices in his mouth. Don lowered the futon to give us more room to play. There was my pussy practically calling to Rob. He bent his head down and licked my pussy for a few moments. I spread my legs and guided Rob's head to my bare cunt. Rob began licking my pussy, tasting the slippery cream that flowed from between my legs. My legs were wide enough that my cunt lips gaped open, and my pink anus was easily available and my clit hard as a rock. Rob licked up and down my cunt lips sucking the lips as he slid down to my vagina. Then he flicked his tongue on the way up to my clit, which was now standing out like a mini penis.

While Rob was busy eating my cunt, his ass was in the air and Don was licking and sucking on Rob's ass. Don pushed Rob's legs further apart and really started sucking on his ass hole, trying to stick his tongue up inside Rob. With one hand, Don grabbed his legs and with the other, spread his cheeks apart. Now Don had complete access to Rob's hole and Don started sucking and licking harder and harder. Rob jumped a little as Don's tongue entered him and groaned loudly again and again. Don rolled his tongue so it was like a small penis and started to butt fuck him with it. He was squirming even more as I did and I found it hard to keep my clit on Rob's tongue .Don plunged his tongue in and out of him several more times and then ran a finger around Rob's ass, all the time, watching as it expanded and accepted his finger.

I kept my head up to watch both men satisfying each of us together. It was fucking marvellous.

Then I was so close to coming I asked to switch positions. I was on my hands and knees Rob stayed on the couch as I sucked his cock. Don wanted to have me doggy style, he slowly slid that big cock of his in my pussy, I just shook all over till I got adjusted to it, He was so long and thick tonight. Don was being careful not to hurt me. Slowly in and out he glided. He watched Rob and I as he fucked my juicy cunt.

As I sucked Rob, I reached for some lube and spread some on my fingers. Slowly I inserted one finger at a time until I got three fingers in his ass. He groaned loudly at my touch and pushed his ass against my fingers.

I moved so I could raise his leg and leaned down, licking his balls and scrotum. Again, he groaned at my touch and I raised his legs even further until he was on his back, his legs up over his head and Rob's ass hole in plain view. Don started to fuck me harder as he watched me lick and suck Rob's ass. I thrust my fingers in and out of him a few more times and then took them completely out of his ass. I moved up and pointed to Don " I want your hard cock in his ass" I moved to let the head of Don's cock entering him .I had prepared Rob's ass for Don and now it was an easy entry.

Don sighed "His ass is so tight around my cock. I had never felt anything so tight before and I wanted to enjoy it for a few minutes. Fuckkkkkkkkkkk" Don stopped to feel the tightness then pushed in further. Then slowly rocked back and forth enjoying Rob's ass.

I waited a moment longer then pulled Rob's cock slowly back down and forth, stopping with only to engulf the head inside my mouth .I hungrily suck up and down licking as I sucked his long cock. I stopped and waited again and he squirmed against me. I felt almost heady as I was fucking his cock with my mouth and Don was fucking his soon to fill it with his hot cum. I felt in complete control.

Rob stopped us and changed positions again only this time Rob eased his hard cock into Don's ass. Robs was still on his back legs straight, Don on his cock and my wet cunt on his mouth. Don leaned over and got a cloth to wash off his cock. He then guided my head to his cock as Rob fucked his ass and ate my cunt.

Don squirmed against me and I started to slowly suck his cock in and out. I could see his face and there was a small tear forming in his eye as Rob started to thrust faster and deeper. Don Kept in rhythm, ass, mouth, ass, mouth, until he couldn't take it any more. 

"Oh yeah," Don yelled. "Fuck me hard. I want your cock to fill me with your hot come. I want to feel you explode inside me. Please, fuck me harder. Turn around Rita I wanna fuck you and cum in you when Rob cums in me."

I straddle Rob to face him face to face. Rod is now in Don's ass. Don's cock is in my cunt and Rob is suck my nipple hard and

I am fingering my clit.

Rob exploded inside him. Don yelled out when he felt Rob's cum hit the end of his canal, its heat washing the insides of him. 

"Oh fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck.. I cumming Rita."

He exploded in pleasure and I made it as intense as I could. My cunt went into convulsions and my body thrashed wildly in extreme pleasure. We smelled and tasted delicious, as our secretions seemed to pour out of us, while continued to lick and tease each other. Getting ready for round two.

Our wildest fantasy came true... and there will be more to come that's for sure, this was only the beginning of wild adulterer sex!!