 My name is Kitty, and this is how I got my first and only international gang bang.

Manny and I had been chatting and e-mailing each other for more than a year. We sent both regular and erotic pictures to each other. He was 5'9" tall, a full inch above me, blonde hair, deep sea green eyes, and built in the chest and arm muscles. And the pictures of him jacking off over the naked pictures I sent him, mmmm god made me too hot to handle.

Manny was very good at getting my imagination going with his words. And I'm not ashamed to say that I have been forced to buy a new toy more than once.

I often wondered if he was this good in real life or he was just a really good typist. Either way I had been planning my vacation trip to England for the better part of six months. Scrimping and saving as much as I could and living on the smallest amounts I had to afford this exotic trip abroad. And I was damn well going to make it a memorable one. 

Two weeks before my flight I wrote to Manny and told him that I was sending him something special for his upcoming birthday. I was careful with my words and resisted all attempts he made to pry out what I was sending him. I simply said that he would have to wait and see.

Over this last year I have learned that he was single, and enjoyed his time out with the guys, or even solo at a local pub near his home. His favorite pass time was watching football (soccer to us) on the pubs TV and having a couple pints of beer. More often than not he was the last to leave as he was the closest to his own home.

So my plan was simple. I timed the arrival of my flight to land about an hour and a half prior to his weekly habit. I knew he would not have to work for the next couple of days, so I could act on my plan and not have to be interrupted. So yes, my whole plan was to surprise him and fuck his brains out for two days, then fly home.

My plane landed in London, but to my irritation it was nearly thirty minutes late. This threw my plans back further than I wanted. As I have never driven in another country before. I had to ask how I could get to Manny's town the quickest way possible to make up the time and headed to the nearest information booth. 

The woman behind the desk looked up as I asked and she smiled. Now I'm not into women, and have never even had my thoughts turn that way. But I found myself thinking that if I were a man I'd be hitting on her hard. Her hair was that true black that can only be gotten from a bottle, but looked great on her. Her eyes were a deep chocolate brown, and her skin just looked like melted cream. 

She looked at me and said that I could rent a car and drive on what I would call a freeway but their version was ten times faster than ours were. She pulled out a map and helped me with drawing a highlighted path to get to Manny's town. From the directions she said I should get there with more than enough time made up from the late flight plus and extra fifteen minutes to spare. I thanked her, took the map and headed to the car rental desk.

Once that was finished I headed out, loaded my luggage in the trunk and took off. I have to say, I was very near terrified once I realized the speed at which I was required to go. I jumped when a loaded long haul truck sped by me and rocked the car. I started thinking this couldn't be worth me getting killed.

But after a few minutes it seemed like I was the only car on the road, so I started to have fun with the speed. And just as the information lady had said, I made it to town with a little more than twenty minutes ahead of schedule. I checked in to my hotel which was two blocks from Manny's pub. 

After taking a quick shower, I dressed in my latest purchase. Before leaving from New York I stopped in at the top clothing store of the season and bought a sexy new burgundy velvet short dress. It's straps where spaghetti thin and the top stopped just short of showing off my nipples. The hem stopped five inches above my knee and had a side slit that showed my leg up to the top of my thigh.

I bought the matching two and half inch heels. I put on a silver necklace in the shape of the woman's sign with the arrow pointing down my cleavage. I did my makeup and painted my lips a deep red. Once done, I tucked the hotel key in my clutch and headed down to the front desk. The man behind the counter looked up and blinked when he saw me. It felt good to know I could cause him to stop and go blank for just a moment. 

He cleared his throat and asked, "Can I help you ma'am?"

"Maybe," I said sweetly and fluttered my lashes at him. 

He cleared his throat again and fidgeted in his seat. 

"I'm looking for the McPugly Pub," I said. "I'm meeting a friend there."

"Oh yes ma'am," he said and smiled. I had the feeling he knew what kind of meeting it was going to be. "Just go out the front entrance here, turn left and down two blocks on the left, can't miss it."

"Thank you," I said and touched his hand as I turned. I felt it jolt under my fingers and smiled to myself. 'Yeah I still got it," I thought and gave my hips and extra sway as I walked out. I could feel his eyes on my ass. I got hot just thinking about what fantasies I just sparked in his mind. 

I walked slowly, taking my time to look around as I walked to the pub. This little town not more than two hours from the business from London just made me sigh. It was sweet as pie, and light as air everywhere you looked. It didn't look anything like the type of town to host what I was planning to do. 

I stepped up to the door of the pub and took a deep breath, then pushed the door open and walked into the pub. It seemed that I had missed all the activity, as the bartender was sweeping up in a corner of bar. When he heard the door he looked up and seemed to freeze in his place. I looked and there was Manny, sitting at the bar, also he seemed to be frozen and staring at me as if he was dreaming.

I walked up to the bar and sat next to him, and smiled.

The bartender finally seemed to be able to move and came over to take my order. 

"White wine please," I said and continued to watch Manny. He still had yet to stop staring at me. 

Once my wine was served I lifted it and held it out to Manny, "Happy Birthday," I said to him and sipped from my glass. That got him moving.

"Kitty... you're my present?" He asked finally finding his voice.

"Yes," I said and leaned in closer to him. "And you have two whole days to unwrap me."

Manny blinked and I saw instant lust leap into his eyes. "Oh god," he moaned and gulped a swallow of his beer. 

The bartender was at the end of the bar wiping the wood with a cloth. He was clearly more interested in this event. I winked at him and got a huge smile from him. He wasn't bad to look at either. Though Manny had him beat hands down. I leaned in even more to Manny, making sure his attention was drawn to my cleavage. I took a deep breath and slowly released it. His eyes went to a deep, richer green as he watched my breasts move. 

I turned toward him more fully and crossed one leg over the other so that the dress opened more on the side and showed off my leg nearly all the way to my hip. I saw Manny's Adam's apple move as he swallowed. 

'Poor guy,' I thought as I watched him. He was completely dumbfounded, and I found that extremely arousing.

I reached over and touched his hand. He looked up and I looked right into his eyes and said. "I want you Manny, I want your touch, your kiss, and your hot cock buried deep inside me." As I said this I ran my hand up his arm to his neck, then pulled him into me and kissed him. The move inspired Manny to take his own action. 

His arms moved around me and pulled me in tighter to him as he deepened the kiss. I ran both my hands down his back and back up, then into his hair. I moaned into his mouth at how good he felt pressed to me, how good his hair felt in my fingers. Then I had to lean back as the bartender politely coughed. I knew, just knew that I looked like I wanted to jump Manny right there and didn't give a damn as to who was watching.

"Damn you're too sexy," Manny said still touching me. 

I wanted his hands on my skin, touching my breasts, my pussy. 

I looked around and spotted the bathroom not too far away. I turned back to him and tilted my head towards it. He looked and it seemed to dawned on him what I wanted. I knew there was no way I was going to make it back to the hotel without jumping him right there on the street. I was too hot, and I could feel the wetness trickling out of me and soaking my panties. I was so turned on and I needed to be fucked, now.

I stood and started towards the bathroom and stopped just before going in. I looked over my shoulder and winked at Manny. The bartender was watching as well and I could see the sweat building on his brow with the indecision of knowing what I wanted, and letting it happen in his bar, or stopping it and shoving us both out the door. 

I didn't give him the chance to decide and walked into the bathroom. I stood in front of the mirror and began to fix my makeup. The door opened a moment later and Manny walked in.

I smiled and dropped my compact into my clutch and turned to him and leaned back on the sink.

"So I get you for two whole days?" Manny asked as he stepped up to me.

"Oh yes," I said and felt my breath backing up as he pressed into me fully. I could fell his hot hard cock pressing into my belly. I reached up and wrapped my arms around his neck and met his lips with mine and oh man I felt my knees buckle.

His hands were everywhere, moving fast and sure over my body. I moaned as his hands cupped my breasts. I needed more, and he seemed to sense it. His fingers moved up to the straps of my dress and pushed them off my shoulders then pulled the top of my dress down to expose my breasts to his touch. 

He broke our kiss and looked down. "Beautiful," he said then he ran his thumbs over my nipples. I moaned again as he fondled and teased me. Then he leaned down and sucked one into his mouth. I nearly fell at the rush of lust and need that went through me at finally getting his hands and mouth on me.

"Oh Manny," I moaned and pressed his head in tighter to me.

I felt his hand touch my leg where it was exposed by the side slit. He moved inside until I felt his fingers brush my panties just above my trimmed bush. I began to feel my body shake as he continued to play with my breasts and getting closer and closer to touching my hot wet pussy, but not quite going all the way. Now that he had me here, he seemed to have reclaimed his mind and it was pushing him to finish what I started.

I needed to touch him as well and started unbuttoning his shirt. 

"MMMmmmm," I moaned as his skin feel so hot and hard, but giving at the same time. I ran my hands over him and teased his own nipples with my fingers. The act triggered urgency in him; he stepped back and ripped his shirt off. Then practically tore his jeans as he pulled them off. I was not far behind him as and dropped my dress the rest of the way down my body adn ripped off my panties.

"Come here," he said, his voice gruff and hard from lust.

I moved to him and he turned me into a stall and sat me down, then he kneeled in front of me.

"I've been fantasizing about what I would do if I ever got into spitting distance of you. Then you're here and I freeze up like a school boy." He leaned in and kissed my knee and looked up into my eyes. 

"You're not frozen now," I said and touched his hair and started pulling him closer to where I needed his kiss more.

He wasn't slow to pick up the hint. His kissed and licked his way to my moist center. I was throbbing from the need and arousal of the moment. Here I was, in another country, in a public restroom and leading this gorgeous man to go down on me. The erotic nature of it all was making me hot and dripping wet. 

"Manny please," I begged as he teased me. Just barely kissing at the top of my leg, not making contact with my cunt.

"Hhhmmm," he mumbled and then gave me what I craved. His tongue slowly dragged up from the base of my cunt to the tip of my clit and I leaned back against the toilet and moaned loudly. I spread my legs wider and pulled his head in tighter.

He continued with these slow dragging licks until I was whimpering. Then I felt his finger probing at my cunt lips, then slowly enter me. I gasped at the invading finger and wiggled, trying to get more inside me. He moved it in and out slowly, finger fucking me like a long lost lover.

Then he twisted it and found my "g" spot and I nearly screamed from the orgasm that ripped through me. He quickly moved down to drink up my release. 

"Oh god oh god," I moaned as he continued to prolong my pleasure.

When I finished he stood and leaned into kiss me. I tasted myself on his lips and tongue. I had to taste him as well. I reached up and pulled his underwear down. I hummed in the back of my throat at how good his cock looked up close and personal. The pictures and video chats didn't do him justice at all. He stood proud and erect at a full 10" and had to be at least 3" thick. I couldn't wait to have him deep in my cunt, I nearly orgasmed again just from the sight of it.

I grabbed it and stroke him from the base to the tip. A pearl of clear pre-cum seeped out, and I couldn't stop myself from leaning in and licking it off. His reaction was as expected. He shuddered and groaned. I took him deeper into my mouth and licked and swirled my tongue around his head. I reached up and played with his balls. They were heavy and ready to give me everything they had.

I pulled back and looked up. I had to have him inside me. I stood and turned him until he was sitting down and I straddled him. He aimed his hard rod at my open pussy and I lowered myself down. I trembled and moaned as each delicious inch split me open more. I was being consumed by lust and had to have it all, so I quickly forced him the rest of the way into my hot cunt. I screamed from the pleasure of him practically ripping me apart. 

"Oh fuck you're so hot," Manny said as he gripped my hips. 

"I love how much you fill me," I returned and began to swivel my hips to get him even deeper. I was moaned and panting at every little move. I was going to cum and hard. Manny was lifting his hips in time with my movements. 

Then we heard the restroom door open. We stilled and waited, but the stall door opened and the bartender stood behind us. There we were, his cock clearly visible and stretching my cunt wide. I watched as his cock grew in his pants, but knew we were about to be thrown out. His next move surprised even me. He opened his jeans and pulled down the zipper. 

"Don't worry, I locked the door and turned the sign. No one else will walk in." Then he dropped his underwear and oh man, I was faced with another prime piece of man meat. His cock had to be just as big and thick as Manny's, but his was slightly curved and thickly veined. "Suck it," he demanded.

I reached out and pulled him closer and slipped it into my mouth. I was in heaven. I've talked to Manny about this many times. I sucked and licked and rubbed the bartenders cock and I rode Manny faster and faster. 

Then I saw Manny look over my shoulder and smile at the bartender. Then the cock in my mouth was pulled away. The bartender placed his hand on my back and pushed me forward until I was pressed tightly to Manny. Manny's hand came around me and he pulled my ass cheeks apart. I knew instantly what was happening. I felt a finger teasing my asshole. I moaned and wiggled, I never thought that this would happen; I was terrified, but excited at the same time. The finger probed until it was inside me. 

I felt the bartender spit on my asshole and work his finger in and out, slowly opening me more and more for his cock. Then Manny took my lips in a hot searing kiss. My mind turned to his attention and my pussy continued to squeeze and massage his cock. Then I felt the bartenders cock head move over my asshole. He spit again, coating his cock, and then slipped his finger out to push his head into me. I fought to not resist his invasion. Manny ran his hands down my back and up again to help me relax as he continued to kiss me.

All movement stopped as the bartender finally managed to push past my anal ring and he entered me with a pop. I moan loudly into Manny's mouth and felt everything in my ass relax and open. Then it was like the bartenders cock was slick as silk and slid all the way into me with no further resistance.

I reared back and screamed out as I had an instant orgasm at the feel of two cocks in my body at once. It was indescribable how full I felt, and was. I started bucking and thrashing as I reached higher and longer for the next plain of pleasure. I was on fire, my body needing more. 

"FUCK ME!!" I screamed at the two men. 

They responded quickly and I was being pounded by both cocks. It took them a few seconds to get their rhythm, but they finally moved together and were giving me all they were worth. 

"Oh yes," I moaned. I was going over again. 

"Damn this bitch is hot," the bartender howled.

"Damn right," Manny agreed.

I was experiencing one orgasm after the other, my body thrashing. I begged and pleaded for them to go faster, to go harder to keep the feeling going. Then it was too much for the men. As my last orgasm crested I felt the bartender suddenly pull out of my ass and shoot his cum all over my back and ass. Then Manny gripped my hips with bruising force and his cum blasted inside me. I was surrounded by men's groans and grunts, I loved it. 

Once the bartender had calmed down, grabbed some toilet paper and cleaned up, then he pulled up his pants and adjusted his shirt.

"The drinks are on me," he said and strode out of the restroom.

Manny and I laughed. I stood and straightened my own clothes, savoring the feel of his cum leaking out of me. Manny pulled up his pants as well and we walked out. As we passed the bar the bartender looked up and smiled.

"You're welcome back anytime after closing folks," he offered.

I winked at him and Manny chuckled. As we stepped out into the fresh air we looked at each other and grinned like teenagers. 

"What do we do now Kitty?" Manny asked.

"My hotel room id a couple blocks from here," I said as I moved into him and ran my hands up his chest. "And we do have two whole days still."

He gripped my waist and pulled my into his body tighter. Amazingly he was hard again. "Let's go."

I laughed and grabbed his hand and hurried down the street to my hotel. This was the beginning of a great vacation.