 The second part of my series based on an ex. More to come, but any tips or comments are appreciated! New to this.. 

Note that this story is geared towards open minded people.

-----

She was lying between us on her stomach, her head on his lap, with her feet nestled between my thighs. I was leaning forward to roll up another joint, as we sat silently enjoying the drugs coursing through our bodies, ignoring the film we'd put on as background noise, wanting to give ourselves a break from beats. 

A few weeks ago, I got back in touch with an old girlfriend. She and I had a great time getting reacquainted, and decided to meet again for a clubbing night out. The details of the club aren't that interesting, but the normal cocktail of drugs and alcohol were consumed, friends were made, friends were lost, and we ended up at some dude's place that had low-key been trying to get up her skirt all night.

I glanced over and had a lovely view between her legs, under said skirt, her lacy black thong barely hiding anything from my angle. Garters attached to the top of her black pantyhose visible and inviting. He was petting her hair, and she contently nuzzled her cheek into his lap, her eyes closed, with no pretense of watching the film. I raised my eyes and saw he'd clearly caught me peeking, but he just smiled back with a wink. Still grinning, he ran his hand from her hair to her back, gently rubbing her shoulders. 

"Oh, that feels good. I love after party massages.." she switched to baby talk and looked up at him, "please give me massage, my back hurrrrts." 

I finished rolling the joint, leaned back to spark it up and enjoy the first drag and quipped, "I don't know about you man, but I hate giving back massages to girls who are still wearing their shirts."

He laughed hopefully, but her response, "I think I want to see if he can give a good massage before I start getting naked. It's not *that* easy guys," dashed our hopes. "You won't be disappointed" he stated, absent-mindedly stroking his neatly trimmed beard while he drunk in her smiling face and pert chest. 

"I'll get out of your way," I said as I got up from the couch and handed the joint off to her on my way to the armchair. She rolled over and propped herself up on a shoulder as he re-positioned himself, took a deep drag and looked at the two of us contemplatively. She shook her head and chuckled to herself with an exhale of breath, took a second drag, handed the joint to him, and lay with her head on her folded arms, looking in my direction. He had a couple puffs, before putting handing it back to me, cracked his knuckles, and said, "let do this." He knelt at her head, leaned down, and started on her shoulders.

My view of the movie was pretty poor, but my view of the massage was fine, so I focused on that. I have to say, it looked like he was giving a good massage. I wasn't trying to be cute when I said it's a pain giving massages to girls with tops, but he was doing well despite the handicap. Her eyes were closed, and she had a peaceful smile on her lips. He said, "let me know if it's too hard" and started digging his fingers more deeply into the flesh of her shoulders, pushing aside the straps of her shirt. If anything, she pushed up towards him to increase the pressure. He continued to massage her shoulders and upper back, pushing her shirt further down so her bra was exposed. "Seriously though, this will be much better if you take it off. Leave your bra on if you're shy." 

"Shy, right. That's me." With resigned sigh, she reached back and, with a little struggle, pried her shirt up over her head. The black bra strap marring her otherwise perfectly tanned skin, she lay back down and said, "Continue." Seeing more of her skin, and smoothly muscled back again after a week of fantasizing about it, immediately changed the atmosphere for me. It had all been fun drunken camaraderie since getting back to the house, but suddenly, for me at least, sexual tension flooded into the room. The drugs had suppressed the sexual desire, focusing us more on fun and "love" but now I could feel my dick start to come to life. Judging by his face, I wasn't the only one. With one hand, he quickly unclasped her bra and, with no protest from her, focused on her shoulders and back now unrestricted by the bra strap. The side of her breast was on display, rounded, with a hint of nipple visible. I licked my lips. He leaned forward, and began to focus on her lower back. She resumed her sleepy happy expression, while the guys, unbeknownst to her, started to get turned on. "Yeah, that's where it hurts," she murmured as he hands crept down to her lower back, with his fingers just barely under the band of her short skirt. 

"Ok, then let's switch around" he said as he got up. He had been kneeling on the flat armrest of the couch by her head, but now he had to figure out how they were both going to fit on the couch. "Alright guys, don't take this the wrong way, but it's for the sake of the massage" as he started to strip off his tight fitting jeans. "What are you doing?" she laughed as he started to pull down the zipper on his jeans. "I'm going to have to straddle you, and it's just not going to work in these" He pulled down, revealing black boxer briefs and the bulge that I had to guess was too big to be a totally flaccid penis. He threw his pants over the arm of my chair, and jumped on the couch. He knelt down with a knee on either side of her upper thighs, leaned forward, and continued massaging. Now focused on the muscles lining either side of her spine. As he ran his hands up and down her back, the sexual tension returned after the brief moment of brevity. He was massaging her strongly now, leaning forward, his bulge brushed against her ass. I could see her hips starting to rotate, almost imperceptively. I'd been wondering if that would happen. Her face no longer looked peaceful, she was also getting horny. 

With my view, I could see the bulge growing now, and an outline of his dick was starting to take shape. Pointed downward, it was pressing against the fabric in a way that looked uncomfortable. I was also needing to readjust. As I watched, he started to press himself more firmly against her ass as he rubbed her. I flexed my own dick to press against my pants, but I knew it didn't feel as good as what he was experiencing. I glanced up and realized he had caught me staring, I changed my expression to one of knowingness, gestured down at myself and mouthed "me too" with a smile. He grinned, shrugged his shoulders, and reached down to readjust his erection, letting it point skywards under his shorts. Not as easy of an operation for me, as I was still wearing pants -- there's no way to get my hand in there without unbuttoning, so I did. 

"Why are you stopping" she said with mock accusation in her voice, opening her eyes. She looked directly at me as I was unbuttoning. She laughed, "Oh, are we having a no pants party now? I'm game, take em off!" Stoned now, on top of everything else, I thought to myself "why not" so shrugged, and unbuttoned my pants all the way, shifting them down off and off legs. Adjusting my cock at the same time to my relief. "What about you?" I asked, to which she quickly responded, "I'm not wearing pants.."

The massage was continuing meanwhile, with him really focusing on her the area above and slightly under the top of her skirt. There was no physical requirement for his groin to be pressed against her at this point, as he was massaging quite low, but tightly pressed against her ass it was. He was staring intently now at her bum, and I was surprised to see the head of his dick exposed above the top of his shorts. I was full on as well and, after checking that she had her eyes closed, gave myself a quick rub through my boxers. A wet spot was already forming. 

She started pushing back against him now, her hips rotating more visibly. Obviously, she could feel his hard on, and wanted to feel more of it. Her motion started inching her skirt upwards, revealing the tops of her panty hose on her upper thighs, as well as the bottom of the garter belt she was wearing, attached to the hose. I could see a good portion of the bottom of her cheeks now, and, from the way he was pressing against her, it looked like his balls were probably being warmed by heat from pussy. His hands were firmly clasped around her hips, his thumbs dug into the flesh of the top her ass, and fingers under the hip straps of her panties. He pulled her back against him, and they were straight up grinding now, the pretext of the massage finished. I could see the top of his dick was glistening with his own precum, so he reached down and started to remove his shirt as well. His body was in shape with a decent six pack and developed arms and chest. Bigger than me and cut. Shirt safely off, he reached back down to her hips and continued the slow, hard grind, both of them now rolling their hips in time.

It was the most sexy thing I've ever seen that I wasn't strictly a part of. My dick was throbbing now, jealous that it wasn't receiving any attention. To take my mind off it, I leaned forward, took the unfinished joint, leaned back and sparked it up. The noise of the lighter reminded them that I was there, as she looked at me for the first time in a while. Her eyes took in the fully tented boxers, and asked in a deeper voice "Enjoying the show are you?" with a soft smile. "Absolutely, don't let me stop you guys." After a puff, I reached the joint towards him "want some?" 

He puffed his cheeks as he expressed some air, raised his eyebrows and then smiled, "Sure." As he leaned forward and towards me, the tip of his cock rubbed against the exposed tops of her thighs, leaving a trail of pre cum on her. She used the space revealed by his movement to turn onto her back, her bra still loosely attached to her, she shook out of it. As he smoked, he looked down at her toned body and perfect breasts. After a whistle of appreciation he asked, "So I guess you liked the massage enough to get naked eh?" 

She giggled, and responded "Well, I'm not naked yet." 

"Yet." I reiterated.

He passed the joint down to her, and as she took it from him she looked down between his legs for the first time. She let out a little gasp as she saw what he was working with. The entire head was exposed, and it really did look impressive. Her eyes flickered back and forth between his face and his cock as she sucked on the joint. "Well holy shit. I must have done something right in a previous life" she contemplated. "Last puff, come here and shotgun it" she inhaled, and he leaned over, running his hand up her side until he was cupping the side of her left tit, he brought his face towards her and opened his mouth next to hers. She also opened her mouth, in an almost exaggerated sexual way, and released a thick cloud of smoke up into his mouth. As she exhaled, he deeply inhaled and took everything she gave him, pressing his lower body against her, driving his hardness between her legs. I watched her tongue reach out and lick his lips. He turned and blew the smoke towards me, gave me a brief smile, and turned back to start kissing her.

Their tongues mingling, their hands started to explore each other's fit bodies. Both of them kept their wanderings mainly PG-13, focusing on arms, stomachs, backs, with her finally reaching around to his ass, and he up to her tits. He started to gently tweak her nipples as he massage her breasts. He broke off the kiss to examine his handiwork -- her nipples were hard as rocks, and pointed skyward. He looked at her in the eyes, smiled, and leaned down with his mouth open to take her left nipped into her mouth. She arched her back and wrapped her arms around his head, pulling him to her chest, looking at the ceiling.

She turned towards me looking completely horny now. She spread her lips and waved her tongue at me, mouthing "come here." My dick was like steel, I couldn't take it anymore. I reached down, and pulled the elastic band up and over my hard on, revealing it finally to the air and to her. Her smile widened and she mouthed "yes" at me, and then she bit her lower lip and squinted as he flicked her nipple with his tongue. She flashed her eyebrows at me and watched as I wrapped my hand around my cock. Slowly, I started to stroke it, watching these two beautiful people enjoy each other a few feet from me. She nods her head at me, whispers "nice" and then turns back and plunges her mouth into the crook of his neck. He brings his head back as the sensation of her hot tongue and hard teeth play cause him to clench his muscles and flex his dick. He looks over at me, and notices with surprise that I am jerking off watching them. Moment of truth, how will he react?

"So now it's a no-underwear party? I'm down with that," and started to pull his off as well. Feeling what is happening above her, she pulls back, wanting to see his full cock revealed. His dick was, by far, the largest I've ever seen in real life. To be fair, it was the first hard dick other than my own that I'd ever seen in person; well formed and a solid 9 or 10 inches and a good bit thicker than mine.

"NICE" she said as she propped herself up by an elbow, and reached with her other hand to his meat. Wrapping her hand around it, she gave it an exploratory squeeze, testing it's hardness like you would test a fruit in the market. "This is going to be a good day. Come here and let me have a look." She pulled him towards her by his dick. He laughed as he realized where she was pulling, and inches his way up her body, with one knee on the couch, and the other foot on the floor. She kept pulling until his dick was near her face, and she sensually opened her mouth, and brought him to her. Sparing me a glance, she gave a tentative kiss to the tip, tasting his pre cum. I admit that I felt a twinge of misplaced jealousy seeing my ex about to suck off another man, but it was also a complete turn on.

She licked her lips and, apparently satisfied with his taste, she tilted her head down, and ran her tongue along his shaft. She runs her tongue around the tip, spreading her saliva and his juice evenly around the head, and then wraps her lips around it and started to take it into her mouth.

"Dude, are you ok with this?" I was so intent on watching her try to shove that flesh into her mouth, I didn't see at first that he'd turned around to look at me with a slightly concerned expression. Glancing down at my hand wrapped around my erection, I looked back at him and said jokingly, "what do you think? Yeah man, I'm OK, go for it."

"He's OK with it as long as he gets to cum on me later.. and he definitely gets to do that. But this position is terrible" so she pushed him off her, and sat up, her legs spread revealing her panties beneath her skirt which was now pushed up around her waist. Her garters and stockings were still in place, however, and the view was outstanding. He stood on the couch, with his legs on either side of hers, and pushed his cock down. Unfortunately, he had his back to me now, so the view of the blowjob was obstructed, but the sounds they were making, the wet noise of his dick pushing against the back of her throat, his hips pushing back and forth as he started slowly fucking her mouth, his moans, whispered dirty talk, "yeah, suck my dick baby. Take as much as you can", her small gagging noises as she tried to take his big dick deep into her mouth, his balls hanging down and visible underneath his ass. 

It was enough for me, I was stroking faster now, enjoying the show tremendously, but wondering if I should take a more active role. They would be down with it, I wasn't worried about that, but I hadn't yet decided if that was what I wanted to do. Anyway, jerking off while watching the action was hot as hell. I could always join in later. I kept pumping away, making sure not to bring an orgasm too close, I paced myself.

Her hands were wrapped around his ass now, pulling him towards her. She brought one down, and grabbed onto his balls, starting to massage them. She cupped them in her palm, with her fingers in his crack, and tugged them back and forth a bit while she blew him. His hips were moving faster now, moving deeper, the muscles flexing as he pushed into her as deep as she would allow. All of a sudden there was a loud gag, and he quickly pulled back and shouted, she having just squeezed his balls. "That's too much. Don't do that again. Be good!"

"Got a bit carried away there. Sorry 'bout that."

She coughed, and pushed him off the couch. Leaning forward to grab a glass of wine. She looked over at me, now somewhat shyly with my hand around my cock. He sat down next to her, also grabbing a wine, and they both contemplated me for a second. 

"Well, come on man, we gave you a show. Now it's your turn" he told me.

Fair point. We all leaned back, him with his huge erection, her with her garters and stockings, beautiful tits exposed, muscles in her abs tight, she spread her legs, and put her feet up on the couch, giving me a view of her panties, which had pulled up between her pussy lips and offering very little in terms of privacy. They both looked like models. I started to stroke again. "Yeah, look how hard he is for us. Show us everything, spread your legs" she encouraged me. He said, "Let me help you out." As he leaned over, hooked his thumbs in the waist of her panties, and eased them off of her ass, and up her thighs as far as the garters would allow. He sat back down, and transferred his gaze between her legs and lingerie and me on the armchair, rubbing my cock. 

"That better? Man, try it like this" as he licked his palms, put his hands together like he was holding a baseball bat, and then started thrusting his hips and fucking his hands. She moaned as she watched him, then look over to me, catching my eye, she reached down, and started to massage her pussy. All of us started moaning softly as we watched each other get ourselves off. She pushed two fingers inside, and then once her fingers were wet with her juices, and she reached over and asked him, "How do you like the taste." He brought her fingers into his mouth and looked at her. She was still focused on me, but closed her eyes when he started flicking his tongue back and forth over the tips of her fingers, lapping up the liquid. "I like it just fine. I want more."

He crawled down off the couch, crouched between couch and coffee table, putting his feet under the table, and buried his face between her legs. She and I lock our eyes as he eats her out. Her face is fantastic, I can see how his machinations are driving her wild. He has got his dick in his hand as well, and I can hear some sticky slapping noises and he massages it. I'm pumping more quickly now, and I realize that I could probably bring on an orgasm whenever I want. I decide that before I get involved, I'm gonna stroke this first one out. I have to be careful now not to let it get out of control, but this experience is unreal, and I'm feeling like cumming. But I don't want to come first, I want to time it to finish with them. 

She has her legs over his shoulders, and her hands in his hair, pulling his face harder against her. "Nice man, keep it up, she's getting there. Get your fingers in there, she likes that." She opened her eyes, and laughed, "Honestly, he's good, but not as good as I remember you being at this." He pulled his head back, looked up at her with a hurt expression, then turned back to me. "Well, shit, why don't you come over here and show me a few tricks?" 

I slowed the pace and said, "If you guys don't mind, I'm just going to keep watching for now. You are both so fucking hot, I'm really enjoying the show. Man, I can't wait to see you try to fit that big dick inside her." My dick twitched at the idea, and she moaned, "Me too. Let's try it."
