 It was actually somewhat odd to be alone with her given the night we were having. As I cleaned up my face with my shirt, I had a chance to think about what I had done, and what we were doing. I remembered my girlfriend for the first time. Ex girlfriend now, I realized, after I told her about this -- knowing that I wouldn't be able to lie about it. I looked back over at her, and realized this experience was totally worth it. "That was sexy as hell. How are you feeling?"

"Well, I know how *you're* feeling" she smirked, looking at my still engorged dick. "You're not going to try to steal him from me are you?" 

I looked at her, not really understanding what she was asking. "Steal him?" 

"He seems like a fun guy, has a nice flat, and a great body. I think I like him. Don't try to take him." She actually had a serious expression, which I still was slow to understand. 

"Take him where? What the hell are you talking about?"

"Well, it looks to me like you got a bit gay since we were dating. Which is fine, I mean, this has been great fun, but I'm telling you to leave him to me." 

I couldn't help it, I burst out laughing, remembering that this was the type of crazy that caused me to break up with her. Not wanting to ruin the mood, however, and still wanting to fuck her, I decided not to overreact. "Baby, I'm not sure what the labeling is about, I'm just going with the flow and having a good time. He seems like a good guy, maybe we could be buddies, but other than that, he is all yours. The only ass in this flat that I'm interested in fucking, is yours."

And like that, the flush in her face went from anger, to satisfaction as out new friend bounced back into the room, waving a fresh little baggie. "What? NO way! My ass is way nicer than hers!"

"Fuck. You." She responded, rolling onto her stomach, and pushing back on all fours, giving us both a view of her fleshy, muscular ass. She stretching and lazily waving it back and forth at us. "Guys, I need a shower. Please have those lines racked by the time I get back, I want to go wash this gunk off me." Looking down at the mess she just left with her roll-over, "Sorry about the couch"

"Just another after-party, eh?" Having small talk with him now was going to be odd. We were both absentmindedly rubbing our cocks, thinking about her and this crazy morning. He was chopping up the coke as I sat on the couch next to him. For some reason, neither of us mentioned the current situation, but sex was still in the air. 

Eventually, he brought it up. "Man, this has been unreal. Thanks for sharing her with me."

"I think you're exactly what she needs right now to be honest," glancing meaningfully at his dick. "Think she loves that thing."

"You think so? You don't mind? I don't want to fuck something up for you guys..."

"Nah man, there's nothing to fuck up. We broke up ages ago, and hooking up with her is, well... you know how it is. So enjoying that, but not looking for anything. She's a fun girl, you should go for it!"

"Huh, maybe I will." He started racking the lines and we sat in silence for a bit. "It's not all it's cracked up to be" he continued, looking down at his erection, still rubbing with his free hand, "You've seen it tonight, I already hurt her twice. I honestly think yours might be better. You've got yourself a pretty penis, and you come buckets. "

I scoffed, repeating "Pretty penis", taking this fucked up conversation as normal given the morning we were having, "Yeah, I've always liked it. All guys like their dicks though. I mean, am I right?"

"For sure, this guy has opened doors for me. But not usually the back door." He laughed at his joke, the bar for comedy lowered by the drugs and the fact that we were both jerking off while talking to one another. Casually. About our dicks. "Girls are usually too scared."

I looked up as she finally rejoined us, wearing what must have been his bathrobe, her hair up wrapped in a towel. "I feel so much better, almost like a new woman. Aha, I see you guys managed to stay hard without me." Giving me an accusing stare. 

"Yeah, well, you left an impression on me" he responded, turning to run his hand up her leg. Handing me a straw, "You first."

I did a line, almost instantly feeling more alert. It was good. "You know, I've got a great idea, come over here man, you do the second one, I'll prepare hers. She's gonna get special lines, 'cause she's a special woman. It'll be a treat, I think we're all gonna like it" blabbering rapid nonsense now, I realized I should chill but I felt good and knew that I had a killer idea. "Stand up, stand up!" I urged him, still bent over the classy marble slab sitting on the coffee table we'd been snorting off of. He finished his rail, stood up, and did a single jumping jack, his dick bouncing like a diving board, "needed that!" 

She looked on, amused, lounging on the couch, her leg up to her hip exposed underneath the bathrobe, her cleavage on display again, still damp from her shower. She smelled of men's body lotion. "Ok, so I'm the most tired of all of us, and I have to jump through some sort of hoop to get my line?"

"Your lines! You get the most, but, well..." I leaned over and scooped a healthy portion onto the back of the card we'd been using to rack, raised it off the table and glanced at his dick, "hold that still." His eyes widened as he realized what I was up to -- reaching down he took hold of his dick with two fingers, holding it parallel to the floor. I dumped the pile onto the top of it, scraping it as best as I could with the back of the card. He looked down at me, shaking his head, "You're a nut. Fuck that tickles!"

She was also laughing now, watching as I vainly tried to shape the powder into a proper line on his already dry, but not terribly clean dick. He was trying not to move, but I could tell that the card scraping against him was too much so I said, "Here, hold it straight, I'd do mine." With that, he took over and held his cock straight, looking at her smiling and waving his hips back and forth. "I've got something you want between my legs again don't I" he played with her, as she looked his cock, tongue playfully covering her top lip, she wiped her nose with the sleeve of his bathrobe. 

Learning my lesson, I prepared a line on the back of the card this time, then carefully dumped it, well formed, onto my own solid hard on. My heart was really beating now with excitement, knowing that I was finally going to get my dick wet. No more jerking off.

"Oh, I like this idea" she sighed. "I'm like a modern princess, but instead of you feeding me grapes, you're feeding me cocaine and fanning me with your dicks. Fine then, servants, come and service me." She sat up and removed the towel from her head, letting her still damp hair down around her shoulders. She undid the robe completely, letting it pool on either side of her. Her tanned legs and torso looked lovely surrounded by the soft white robe. We carefully shuffled to either side of her, our dicks held still, both giggling like kids in a candy store, not nearly as refined as she was. She reached out her hands to each of us, running them along the undersides of our cocks to our balls, gently cupping them, and pulled us towards her. We stopped laughing, and started breathing more heavily. I was on her left, and had my left leg between hers as I stood in front of her, he was the opposite. Our legs pressed together as she guided us by our balls, pulling them closer together until both our cocks were directly in front of her and nearly touching. Our hands bumped together as we continued to hold them straight so not to spill the coke. 

She jumped up onto her knees, to get a better angle, took the straw I was offering, and leaned forward over our meat. "Christ, you guys reek of sex." She brought the straw to her nose, and knelt over my well-formed line, and professionally sucked most of the coke up her nostril. The straw and air felt divine, and I flexed deeply when she was done. She exhaled loudly, closing her eyes, and smiling, "actually has an interesting flavor." Opening her eyes, her dilated pupils took in his dick, she reached out and pet the underside with the back of her hand and finger nails, "I wonder if this one will taste more like me" surveying the messy distribution of powder. She continued teasing him with her finger nails, making him squirm as he tried to hold is dick still. She did her best to hoover it up, him being tickled by the straw, her fingernails and air as she roamed around his dick, trying to suck up as much as she could. 

I had pulled back now, and put my hands back to my junk, again wanting to stroke. She noticed where my hand was wandering and exclaimed, "don't' touch it! You're still covered, don't waste it, it's expensive! Jesus, you have to be sensible. You don't have to jerk off all the time, do you? Are you always so horny, really?" She pulled her robe further apart, flayed her arms back and above her, and flopped back into the couch. Grabbing a cushion she covered her face with it and screamed, happily I think, as she arched her back and stretched hard, her calves wrapping around both of our legs and tightly squeezing us together. He has one arm around my shoulders, I have one around his waist, the others are still holding our members, now pulsing along with our rapid heartbeats, as still as possible. We looked down at the gorgeous sex kitten splayed out below us.

"No, I'm not always this horny. But I am now, come back and finish your meal. Have a cock freeze." I laughed and he quipped, "A double cock freeze." 

She removed the pillow from her flushed and smiling face, eyes almost too alert, and laughed hard, "Are we at fucking dairy queen or something?" She sat up and leaned forward until her face was near our cocks, looking at them closely now. She surveyed his, and then mine, smelling the sex from them, but not touching them. She reached out, first for his, placing her hand over the tip of it, and then mind, and said "Ok, I'll take over from here guys" as our outside arms dropped to our sides. She brought her lips over to the end of my dick, looked up at me and asked, "So are you going to keep teasing me, or can I finally taste it?" 

I didn't answer, but instead pushed my hips forward, pressing the cock against her lips, impatient to finally be inside her. But now she wasn't going to make it so easy for me, and pulled her head back in time with my thrust so still just the tip was wet by her lips, chuckling, "Hmmm, now you're so impatient. Maybe I want this one first? It's been much nicer to me today..." and she leaned over to our buddy. She ran her full wet tongue against the tip, around the outside edge to his balls, keeping eye contact with me the whole time. "See? See how nice it is? You could have had this all night too." 

He squeezed my shoulders and looked at me with tight lips, "Sorry man, it's pretty great though." His eyes closed as her tongue proceeded to lick the top of his cock, turning the powder transparent as much of it stuck to her tongue. She came back to the head, opened her mouth wide, still looking at me, and took as much as she could. She was already doing better than the last time, and I could tell that with practice she'd learn how to work with his prick. 

Having seen plenty of BJs with huge dicks in porn, I knew she had to relax her throat, and align her mouth so it could make its way past her tonsils. I reached down, with my right hand, and grabbed her gently by the bottom of the chin, applying force so that her neck was bent a bit backward. She moaned onto his cock. I brought my arm from around his waist down and towards me, pushing my palm against his lower back, I applied pressure to him as well, pushing her onto his dick. My hand felt her jaw open wider, and she took deeper now than she'd taken it before. The back of my hand bumping against his balls as she took more of him in. "Relax baby, you can do it." He was looking down now with an appreciative grin, as I reached around to the back of her head to pet her gently before grabbing a handful of hair. "You just need the right encouragement." I knelt down to get a better look as I grabbed a handful of his muscled ass cheek and started playing them like a perverted accordion, pushing them together and pulling apart. Her face close to mine now, I could smell his dirty musk from one nostril, and her freshly cleaned from the other. I pushed them together, and watched her eyes bulge a bit as 3/4s of his dick forced its way into her mouth and down her throat. She was moaning hard onto him, the vibrations causing his dick to jerk in her mouth. I could feel the muscles in his ass clenching as he flexed his dick. I wondered if he could lift her up with it. I felt like a sex king, giving pleasure to my slaves. Cocaine is a hell of a drug.

I looked down between my crouched legs and let as much spit as I could fall from my mouth onto my cock, hitting her hand which was still absentmindedly holding my dick. My aim was really good recently. "Stroke me baby," I started to roll my hips back and forth, her hand forming a circle and spreading my saliva from hilt to head. She fortunately didn't torture me, instead giving me a nice rub as I happily helped her pleasure our friend, pushing her head down onto his dick, and then pulling it off in time with the motion of her hand on me. 

"This is amazing" he slurred, looking down at us. I could see he was a bit cross eyed at this point, smiling goofily. I wanted that feeling too, when I pulled her back this time, instead of stopping at the tip, I pulled her completely back. She came off him with an audible pop and a surprised look, which turned knowing as she felt me pull her to me. "Oh really?" looking at my lips, she came forward and gently kissed me. Her lips were sticky, hot, soft as I remembered, her silky tongue darting into my mouth. Minty toothpaste was the least powerful flavor of the bouquet in her mouth, overpowered by the tang of the coke, and the musk of our dicks, the hint of her pussy juices, and salt of our precum. I stuck my tongue deeply in her as I felt a hand on my head, in my hair. I looked and saw he had his hands running through hers as well, his dick hovering menacingly close to our mouths. He laughed and asked "like how my dick tastes?" 

I looked up at him and shook my head, "Forget about it man. Give me a second with her" and I dove back into her laughing mouth, reminded of how great it was to make out with her. She pouted as I kissed her, "Come on, you seem to like how it tastes, don't you want to try it?" she broke off kissing me, and brought the wet head of his cock into her mouth, smiling at me. She broke away, after a few sucks, and started kissing me again, his flavor more intense than before. She kept his dick in her hand and near our mouths as we made out. I could smell him. Again she stopped kissing me, returning to his dick. Stroking him into her mouth, looking up at him, worshiping his cock. I was looking at his dick, again appreciating its size and shape. She catches me staring, and takes the head out, licking it. "It would be hot to watch you suck him. Come and blow him with me." She looked up at our friend, "You don't mind do you?"

"I'm down with whatever." 

I batted him away, not roughly, but insistently. "Fuck you guys." I reached down between her legs, digging two fingers roughly into her sopping cunt and pulling her to me, "I want to try THIS" kissing her forcefully now. I closed my eyes, and could hear that he was beating off, having backed off to so his cock head was a good dick's length away from our faces. She ground her hips into my hand and stroked my cock harder. Not terribly bothered that her experiment failed, she asked me, "You want to fuck me finally? Mmmm, yeah, that will be good." And started to raise up, as if she were going to swivel and sit on my lap. 

Instead, I grabbed her, kissed her one more time then stood up, aiming my dick down at her, "You need your second helping. Unless you're feeling like a suppository?" She barked a laugh, smiling up at me, "not at the moment." She took hold and guided me towards her mouth, looked me in the eyes and spread her lips. No teasing now, she let me push myself into her, moaning louder than I can remember moaning as the warm wet feeling finally fully covered my cock head. She didn't stop, pushing herself forward so that my dick travel into her mouth, unobstructed past her tonsils, down her throat. She didn't stop until her nose was pressed against my trimmed public hair. My surprised moan just got louder the further she went, so I was nearly shouting by the time I was fully sheathed inside her mouth. I threw my head back, put both hands behind her head, and held her there. She was humming happily, content with how easily she accepted my entire cock, confident that I loved her more than anything in the world at that exact moment. 

I withdrew my hips as she looked up at me, smiling confidently, and I fucked her lovely face while our friend beat off and watched us. Three hard strokes, until I grabbed the back of her head again pulling until I was completely in her, feeling her tongue swirl around the base of my dick and sneaking out to lick the top of my balls. I held her there, and flexed with all my might, squirting what felt like a large amount of pre cum into her throat. She produced a muffled gag, and I felt her hands on my stomach, pushing me forcefully away, until she was off my dick. "What the fuck?!" 

I looked down at her with a cheeky smile, "what? You were treating it like it was nothing, good to see that I can do some damage as well." She shook her head, looking back and forth between us with an exasperated expression, "You two are going to be the end of me. I can feel it." 

"Come here you" she said to our friend, who'd backed off a bit to get the full view. She grabbed his cock when it was in arms reach, and spit on it. Very slutty, very professional. I raised a hand up to our friend, and have gave me a high five. She shook her head at us again, smiling at our behavior, and then got back to work. She tugged both of our wet dicks, treating them like ski poles, one then the other. She brought them closer to her face now, and closer together. We shuffled forward, our legs between hers as she sat with her lower legs wrapped around our ankles. Our full sides were pressed again together as we both strained to give her the best access to our cocks. Her mouth opened happily, almost like a child with a new toy, and brought our dicks closer and closer until finally she could lace her fingers together around both of them at the same time, pumping her hands towards her like she was holding a huge submarine sandwich in front of her face. 

The feeling was incredible. He and I was pressed together from head to toe now, the heat from our bodies and sweat mingling. We had our arms back around each other, kind of hugging to keep our balance. She kept jerking, staring intently at the darkening heads of our cocks. My balls started to tighten, the sensation of another man's dick pressed against mine so unusual, so "forbidden" in the sense that I never was attracted to men. The taboo of it was the biggest turn on for me. She rubbed our slippery cocks against one another, before reaching out her tongue to lather the heads as she continued to stroke them together. She pulled back a bit, and spit onto our cock sandwich with a delighted laugh, and then plowed back onto them. I didn't know how much I could take. I felt him lower his hand to my hip, and then my ass, giving it a squeeze. I looked at him, realizing my eyes were also crossing now with pleasure and from lack of sleep, or sustenance. I leaned over as he fondled my ass, uncaring, just enjoying the sensations, to reach down between her legs. Her pussy was, of course, dripping wet, and her lips happily spread for my fingers. I brought the wetness up to her clit, and massaged it firmly in a circle, matching the intensity of her strokes... He brushed the hair from her face, and grabbed a handful of hair, guiding her as she blew us. 
