 No names have been changed. There are no innocents.

***

I guess nowadays I'd call Danny a fuckbuddy, or friends with benefits. I don't think we'd invented either of those terms back around 2005. But we'd been pals since uni and often went to gigs together. On a few occasions we had sort of fallen in to bed at the end of the night, but I don't think there had ever been a time when we were both single at the same time so there had always been a dash of forbidden fruit about it, every time we'd got naked was naughtier than it should have been. 

This Thursday evening we'd had no excuse to get drunk, we somehow found ourselves in a grotty pub close to my house, drinking cheap beer & playing pool (badly) on the rota with the regulars. Some sleazy old men had been trying to chat me up "Hey doll is this your boyfriend? No? Can I have the job then? What's that, you're a lesbian? No way, can I watch?" and so on. All good harmless fun. As usual, I was enjoying the attention, aware that the t-shirt I was wearing was very loose around the neck so that every time I leaned forward to play a shot, there were guys opposite craning to try to look down my cleavage just for a glimpse of titty. Would have been mean to deprive them. 

After a while I was playing at the table & I realised Danny was getting chatted up by an older woman, they were sharing jokes and giggling together. Now Danny was not my boyfriend. I'm not usually the jealous type, but I don't know, something about this put my nose out of joint. I think I had quite enjoyed being the centre of attention, being the one getting chatted up, and when I realised he was now all but ignoring me I felt a flush of indignation. I lo. st the game & went over to join them.

"Oh hi Sindy. This is.. .sorry what did you say, Ellen? Helen? Helen. This is Helen. Helen this is Sindy." 

I smiled with as much warmth as I could manage and joined in the conversation. Helen was a good bit older than us, probably somewhere North of 40. She had slightly greying hair, pulled back into a pony tail, and was wearing a cheap tigerprint blouse over a large, soft, mature womanly figure, not exactly fat but carrying enough pounds that her every time she moved another bit of pale flesh would make a break for freedom from some corner or other. She had a broad Newcastle accent, somehow a couple of hundred miles out of place. We drank and made stupid jokes until after last orders had been called.

Danny did not even check with me first, he just announced "Sindy's place is just round the corner. We have some beer & weed there. Want to come back?" It was a bit cheeky but that was the way we rolled back then & I would probably have done the same to him. 

Jump forward an hour. 

We were all pretty wrecked by this point. There was a lull in the conversation. Helen looked at me. "Is it true what you said, back in the pub? Are you really a lesbian?"

"I'm bi. But I don't tell the guys that because if you think they get horny when I say the L-word, they turn into slavering dogs the moment I tell them that."

"Do you want to kiss me?" 

Just like that. I don't know, maybe I'd been leading her on but it wasn't conscious and I definitely hadn't been expecting it. Perhaps I hesitated a moment, but I doubt it. I rolled around on the sofa, kind of threw one knee over hers, stroked her cheek - I remember noticing how her make up was already smudged and smeared around the eyes in a way that was quite sleazy and really quite sexy. I pressed my lips to hers, our faces squeezing together. Her mouth was quite large for a woman, it was more like kissing a boy, then when she pushed her tongue between my lips and touched tip to tip with my own it felt sublime, perfect, her kiss was strong, passionate, hungry, perfectly melding to my own, inviting my desire. 

We snogged like teenagers for a few minutes and I broke it off and gazed in her eyes, breathing slowly, deeply, then decided I wanted some more. I kissed her harder this time, with a lust the verged on anger, while I ran my hand up from her hip, underneath her blouse, up the soft folds of skin on her waist, towards the large boobs that were crushed in her bra. 

This time when we broke off the kiss we both remembered we weren't the only people in the room. We both turned to look at Danny. His mouth was slightly agape, a smile in his eyes, head cocked curiously to one side. He replied to our glances with the words "No, you girls carry on, don't mind me." 

I raised myself slightly and sat on Helen's lap, my legs straddling hers, facing her. I reached for the top button on her blouse. She didn't object, just stared in my eyes. Another button. And another, until her blouse was wide open and her big soft tits, squeezed into an ugly white nylon bra, were bulging in front of me. With both hands, I slowly caressed downwards from her cheeks, under her jawline, down her neck, over her collarbone, then down the pulsating valley of her cleavage. Her mouth opened wider, panting, gasping. I pushed the fingers of my right hand into the cup of her bra and across her nipple. I was large, swollen and hard, it felt like a g**** beneath my fingertips. Her eyes flickered then closed as I caressed it, stroked it, toyed with it.  

I took a second to grab my own t-shirt and in one smooth movement whipped it up and over my head, throwing it to one side. Then I reached behind em and without fuss, unclasped my bra and let it fall away. I've always thought my tits are my best feature, back then, in my mid 20s they were a perfect D-cup and I was still slim enough that they held up well under their weight, not sagging like they do now. Helen grabbed for them roughly, squeezing them hard enough to be painful but not so hard that it stopped being sexy as hell. She was groping them, grabbing them, pinching my nipples - when finally it got too much I pulled her hands away and leaned forward, pushing my tits towards her face, inviting her to suck on them, kiss the pain and tenderness away.

I'm not sure how the rest of our clothes came off, but bit by bit they did. I found myself naked as nature, straddling Helen's thighs, with her hand on my cunt, frigging my clit while I thrust my hips against her, riding my way to a fast, frantic, furious orgasm. I came with a scream and a growl, then rolled off her onto the floor and lay there gasping for breath.

On the armchair, just a few yards away, Danny sat, grinning, with a big joint in his hand that he must have been rolling while the show unfolded. I flapped a hand in his general direction and he understood my meaning, got up, took the couple of steps towards me, and handed me the spliff. I took his hand, switched the joint to my other hand and pulled him towards me for a hard, dirty kiss. One of my favourite sexual thrills is to be completely naked with a fully dressed man, and this moment was no exception. But I wasn't getting him to myself. 

Helen took his other hand and pulled him towards her, repeating the exercise. I shuffled a yard or two away on the rug on the floor and lay on my side, naked, glistening, propping my head under one hand, taking a long drag on the joint and finding my bearings. I watched as Danny slid down between Helen's legs, kneeling on the floor and gazed at her pussy. 

Weirdly, that was the first time I noticed how hairy she was. I'd been stroking her, feeling the hot, swollen pink flesh around my fingertips, but she was unshaven in a way that had become quite rare and unfashionable in the 21st century, at least for girls my age. Danny either didn't care or actively liked it. I watched as he carefully stroked the fur off her labia and clit, pulled the folds apart, and ran his tongue slowly up the soft pink heart of her haven. 

Danny had done the same to me in the past and I knew just how good at this he could be. Alternating between slow, strong strokes between her labia and dizzying flickers of his tongue on her clit, like a hummingbird's wings. He liked to tease and tempt, taking you to the edge of an orgasm then backing off, slowing down, keeping you coasting on the crest of a wave, just before it crashes. He would do it for hours if you let him. By the time I finished the joint Helen was making a kind of constant high mewling sound interspersed with the occasional "oh jesus fuck yesssss oh fuck oh my god yes like that..." 

Recovered from my own orgasm now, I shuffled myself closer to where Danny knelt on the floor. I reached for his belt and flies. He took the hint and twisted his body a bit, without breaking off from his ministrations on Helen's pussy. I reached into his jeans and wrapped my fingers around the shaft of his cock. Hard as rock, I swear it was fatter and about an inch bigger than it had been when I'd seen it before. I glanced up at where he was still licking, teasing Helen, and I tried to remember how he licked a pussy, and copied every stroke. Long, slow licks up the underside of his cock. Little flickering butterfly kisses over that tiny sensitive spot where his foreskin meets his shaft. Blowing on it with a soft whistle, making his shaft twitch & jerk without touching it. Rolling my tongue all around the head, turning into slow spirals up towards the eye at the top. And then when I could resist no longer, wrapping my lips around the head and softly sucking it inch my inch into my mouth. 

I don't know how long I was down there sucking on his cock, it felt like time stood still. Eventually he started bucking and thrusting and at first I thought he was about to cum in my mouth and then I realised no, it was her, Helen - Danny's trickery had finally sent her over the edge and she was bucking and thrusting like a tied wild a****l and her movements were making his entire body jerk. When she eventually pushed his head away to gasp a recovery, I broke off from sucking Danny's cock and met him in a kiss, our mouths rank with the tastes and smells of lust and desire. 

"Do you have any condoms?" He asked me. 

"Bedroom" I replied. It was both an answer and an instruction. 

We fucked for hours. All three of us, in combination and in turn. I remember lying on my back with Danny ramming me with his thick hard cock while Helen lay next to me, nibbling and sucking on my nipples. She was still too rough with them but I really didn't care. My nipples are so sensitive I've been known to orgasm just from having them sucked and toyed with. Combined with the fat cock filling my cunt and the wild filth of the circumstances, I lost myself in ecstasy. 

I returned the favour, cupping Helen's heavy tits and squeezing them while she was on all fours, her huge boobs dangling and swinging while Danny fucked her from while standing on the floor beside the bed. He finally came like that, ramming her cunt full of cock, gripping her voluminous arse and throwing his head back while filling a rubber inside her. I remember thinking how amazing he looked, I'd never really noticed his six pack and muscle definition before but damn, he was FINE. 

After he'd cum himself, he took a break to roll us joints and fetch us beers while Helen and I stroked each other, touched each other, licked and kissed each other everywhere. We came and came again. No one was counting. After an hour or so, his cock was standing rigid again. The final act of the evening, Helen and I properly spoiled him, taking turns to lick and suck on his cock, French kissing each other with the head of his dick between our mouths, one of us nibbling his nipples or kissing his mouth while the other sucked hard. I finally made him cum like in the movies, jerking his cock hard and fast with my hands between four big soft tits until he came with one final spurt, all over our necks, breasts, nipples. 

It was dawn when we all fell into a drunken, stoned, sated stupor. I was meant to be working the next day. I set an alarm on my phone to wake up and call in sick, when it went off, Helen was gone. 

For a few weeks after that Danny and I returned to the same pub, more regularly than we had in the past. We never said why, but I think we both knew. Helen was never there again. She didn't half leave us with some memories though.