 The next day Dave and Angie met with the bank and were successful in securing the needed financing for Lake Hedonism. They also went to Wendy and Walter's cabin to talk to the only two people they knew who had actually been to a Hedonism resort.

Wendy said with a chuckle, "So you want to know what it's like at a Hedonism resort. Well, first off it isn't necessarily wild and crazy."

"No," Walter pitched in, "the secret to a good one is that it is anything the guests want it to be. The guests get to set the rules and boundaries concerning clothing, games and behavior." 

As any long married couple can, Wendy completed her husband's thought,

"The guest can be clothed or naked. They can have sex with their partner or strangers in public or in private. They can participate in ribald drinking games or not."

"I see," Angie said. "They set the limits for their experience."

"Exactly," Wendy and Walter answered in unison.

Walter continued, "Like all resorts, there are scheduled events and activities that the guest can chose to participate in. These have the potential to be wild or erotic. Or the guests can make up their own schedule."

Dave said, "Wendy and Walter, we are going to add a Hedonism section to the resort."

"Following through on Uncle Jake's scheme eh," Wendy chuckled.

"Yes," Dave responded. "We'd like your help."

"Dave, have you thought this out?" Walter asked. "Seeing a pair of saggy, old farts like us could be a real buzz kill for your swingers."

"Speak for yourself old man," Wendy said winking at Dave. "This mature woman can still make some magic." 

Angie answered, "We need help. We plan on having some young, hot looking talent, but to be honest with you, we also want to have Wendy's fun-loving attitude and your experience Walter." 

Wendy looked at her husband and playing it cool said, "We could be interested."

Wendy gave Dave's prick a long lingering glance that everyone noticed and said, "I hope there are... satisfying fringe benefits." 

Walter raised his eyebrows in exasperation and said, "You know she was the inspiration for that Hall & Oates song, Maneater."

Dave was quiet. Angie answered with a confident smile, 

"Wendy, we are willing to work as hard as necessary to make Lake Hedonism a success. And we want you as business partners. You each will have a 5% share in the venture. If you two need a little special attention to seal the deal...Dave and I could give you an example of how committed we are to keeping our partners happy."

Dave could not believe that his church-going, past president of the PTA wife had just propositioned Wendy and Walter. Walter laughed because Wendy had gotten them into another interesting situation. He thought Angie was as cute as a button and wouldn't mind having a little taste. Wendy too liked what she was hearing. She smiled and reached over and grabbed Dave's dick saying,

"Let's consummate the deal."

Turning to Angie, Wendy said,

"If you have any trouble getting lead in Walter's pencil, massage his prostate."

Without further comment, Wendy lowered her mouth to Dave's cock. Walter opened his arms and invited Angie to come and sit on his lap in the upholstered chair. As Wendy went straight to the hardcore action, Walter and Angie kissed and let their tongues get to know one another. 

Dave discovered that Wendy's mouth was as talented as her pussy had proven to be. There just is no substitute for experience and Wendy knew what she was doing. Angie was pleased to discover that Walter was a good kisser. Walter began toying with Angie's tiny breasts and giant nipples. Angie's extended nips seemed to beg to be mauled and Walter enjoyed yanking, stretching and twisting the thick rubbery appendages. Angie enjoyed it too moaning because it hurt and sighing because it also felt so good.

Walter pulled Angie in tight and leaned his mouth next to her ear and whispered,

"I don't want Wendy to hear this. Wendy's a great gal. She is still as beautiful and desirable to me as the day I met her, but time changes everything. I've lost some hardness in my rod and menopause has stolen that exotic tang, that wonderful musky taste of a young ovulating female. Can I go down on you? It would make this old man very happy."

Tears welled up in Angie's eyes. This man loved his wife. Angie stood and pulled Walter to his feet. Then she sat legs splayed in the big chair and placed a throw pillow on the floor and said,

"Kneel. If you do nothing else Walter, you are going to dine between my legs today."

A humble and grateful old man fell to his knees and thanked God for this compassionate young woman. After saying grace Walter began his meal licking Angie's fragrant shaved pussy. Angie sighed contentedly and enjoyed the man's thoroughness and attention to detail.

Wendy was enjoying the responsiveness and the absolute hardness of Dave. However, when she saw Angie being eaten she said,

"I want some of that action. Dave, see that expression on your wife's face? Put that on my old puss while you tongue wrangle my other puss."

Dave had no problem going down on this woman. She had a clean, light flavor, but mostly he remembered her specially trained vaginal muscles. He figured the sooner he got her ready, the sooner she would be milking his cock.

Walter took his time exploring, tasting and stimulating Angie. She was as full flavored and delectable as his wife had once been. Dave took his time too. He knew Wendy did not self-lubricate as well as a younger woman. He slavered his saliva on thickly and still managed to hit the important spots coaxing moans and groans from Wendy. 

"Dave, I'm a Texas cowgirl. I ride my men as I ride my horses. Lay down on the floor," Wendy ordered.

Angie loved her husband and was grateful that they were now openly able to be with others. To her way of thinking, sharing their explorations and extra-marital sexual experiences was best done together so she nudged Walter and said,

"Let's be closer to them. I want to hold my husband's hand."

When they stood, Angie saw that Walter's penis was, at best, at half mast. He wasn't going to be able to fuck her. She was kind and lied a little,

"I love what you're doing. You lay down so I can enjoy my favorite position, '69'."

Angie knelt over the prone older man and Walter returned to her honey pot savoring her acidic fluid. Angie swallowed his soft cock, rolled it around her mouth and let the man have his fill. She reached out and held her husband's hand as another woman fucked him hard; she didn't feel a twinge of jealousy.

Wendy was a vocal and loud lover. She rode Dave hard and worked her neither region muscle magic. Dave, like his wife, assumed a passive role. He let Wendy set the pace. He smiled watching Wendy's pendulous breasts sway back and forth and enjoying having his manhood massaged by Wendy's strong vaginal muscles. Dave smiled at his wife, pleased to see the contented look on her face and unconcerned that another man had his tongue shoved up her twat. 

Walter was reveling in Angie's tangy pussy. He lapped at her clit eliciting a strong flow of the feminine fluid he so desired. He sucked the dripping nectar off her thick lips and when the need drove him, he penetrated her as deeply as he could with his tongue digging out more of the precious liquid. All these efforts had an impact on Angie. Her level of desire at the beginning of this mercy sex was low, but Walter was having an effect. 

To her pleasant surprise, Angie began to mumble "Ohh" and emitted low groans as tiny orgasms exploded inside of her one after another. The multiple quakes gave her an immensely serene feeling and she lovingly nursed on the warm cock in her mouth.

Wendy heard Angie's murmuring and groaning. She recognized the signs of the multiple orgasms that Walter's diligent and talented tongue had often given her. It raised her level of excitement. Wendy traced a finger across her clit and rode Dave harder, crying out loudly as she came.

It had been years since Walter had tasted a fully fragrant pussy as good as Angie's. He was pleased when he heard her orgasmic sounds knowing that she was enjoying this as much as he was. Walter, though not fully hard, came in a gurgling gush like water from a garden hose and he moaned like the old man that he was. His orgasm wasn't the tremendous explosion that a younger man experiences, but such is life. Walter buried his nose into Angie's pussy and savored one last taste. 

Dave now released his load, firing off into the cumming, convulsing creature atop him. He told himself, "Wendy is quite a fuck for an old broad." And then correcting himself he thought, "No, she is a good fuck period". 

^^^

While Dave and Angie were having their meeting, Bree and Chloe gathered their naked friends Carl, Clay, Peter, Paul, Pablo, Piper and Tracey inside their cabin. Bree called the meeting to order,

"Everyone, Chloe and I have gathered you here because we have a proposal that we think you all will appreciate. This opportunity is right in your wheelhouse. It involves fun, sex and drinking. Oh, I almost forgot... and making money."

Peter, Paul and Carl began hooting and hollering and shouting, "All Right." 

The rest of the group looked at each other with hopefulness and curiosity.

"Settle down boys," Bree instructed. "We are planning to open a new section, called Lake Hedonism. This area will be an adults only, anything goes playground. Public drinking? OK. Public sex? OK. Adult activities? Absolutely!"

Bree waited for the group to stop cheering and 'high fiving'. 

"We need help to lead and participate in activities. Part of your job will be to have sex with each other and sometimes with the guests. Good huh? It get's better. We plan on making those that volunteer to work at Lake Hedonism part owners. In addition to your current salaries, you will own 5% of Lake Hedonism and share in the profits."

Clay always the cautious one asked, 

"So what exactly will we have to do?"

Chloe stepped forward and said, "Part of the day you will continue with your current jobs. Another part of the day you will be involved in a game or an activity and sometime you will be available to interact with the guests. So for example, you may be asked to lead a drinking game or organize a nude volleyball game or to have sex with my sister. When you're unscheduled, you are available to have sex with the guests."

Chloe stepped behind Bree and began playing with her sister's breasts. Chloe's fingers strummed Bree's pierced nipples as she said, 

"Clay, could you fuck Bree and let everyone watch?"

"Yes madam," Clay replied enthusiastically.

Bree winked at Clay and said, "Thanks for that vote of confidence Clay. As I said, we'll all be drinking, having sex and having fun. Everything goes, but the first rule for everyone, guests and employees, is that each person is in control, everyone sets their own limits. If you don't want to do a something, say anal, BDSM or same-sex acts, no problem. I'm sure you'll do something else enthusiastically. If you're not into what a guest wants, steer them to someone who is."

The entire crew volunteered to sign up for Lake Hedonism without reservation. 

Chloe said, "Thanks everyone. Before you can be hired, there is an important oral exam."

Everyone looked questioningly at Chloe. Chloe responded.

"Girls, let's drink our champagne while the boys show us they know how to eat pussy!"

Bree popped open the champagne. Piper and Tracey each ran forward to get a glass. Chloe shoved an ice chest into the center of the room and said,

"Here you go boys. This beer is for you."

When everyone had a drink in hand Chloe shouted, "Salute!" and everyone drank deeply. Bree hopped into the easy chair. Chloe grabbed Tracey and Piper by the hand and the three of them sat on the sofa and spread their legs wide. Bree said,

"Line up boys. You're going to taste us all. Move down the line on my signal. The odd man out is in charge of keeping the women's champagne glasses filled."

Clay hesitated and thus became the man without a partner as the other men each rushed to kneel in front of a nude woman. Carl made a beeline to Bree, Peter elbowed Paul out of the way to get to Chloe, Paul ended up in front of Piper and Pablo found Tracey. Bree lifted her half empty glass and said,

"Clay, please top off our glasses with champagne. Gentleman, you all will be feasting on four premium pussies. We are pink or brown with small, neat lips or wrinkled and ragged ones that hang down like the ears on a beagle puppy. Show us you know your stuff and that you know where our clits are. Do a good job and we might return the favor."

She spread her legs wide and continued, 

"My clitoris is easy to find since I have a metal piercing in it. Chloe's shouldn't be hard to find either; it's as big as a pea. Now Tracey's is kind of small, but she and I'm sure Piper will too, let you know when you find it. Ladies don't hesitate to educate them if they can't locate it. Bon appétit!"

The boys dove in. This group was experienced. Each lapped greedily at their woman. The moans and cries of "Oh, yea!" indicated they knew what they were doing. Bree gave everyone a couple of minutes of joy before saying,

"Men move to your right. Clay, you're with me. Pablo, go have a beer."

Clay hesitated and then said,

"I've never done that."

Bree was surprised. He was the oldest and surely had been sexually active the longest. Clay saw her staring in disbelief and said,

"Where I grew up, black men don't eat pussy. We have a saying 'If pussy makes my dick throw up, I'm not putting my mouth down there'."

Bree was having trouble believing that he was serious. She swirled a finger in her cunt and held the dripping digit up to him and said in a reassuring manner,

"It's called a honey pot for a reason. Try it, you'll like it."

"Please don't take it personally, but is it okay if I pass? I'm a pipe laying fool. Crotch diving just ain't my thing."

"Well, sure Clay... 'To each their own' is the motto of Lake Hedonism. Pablo, do you want to take his place?" 

Bree smiled to show she had no hard feeling towards Clay. Minutes later the men shifted and a couple of minutes after that they shifted again. Bree was satisfied that her partners could satisfy any woman. She and the other women were ready for them to deliver an orgasm. The women all had elevated heart beats, irregular breathing, sopping wet pussies and pent up desires begging to be released. Piper came first announcing her orgasm by calling out,

"Aw, fuck!"

The others followed soon thereafter. Drained and sweat covered, Bree announced in a strained voice,

"Good job men. Get yourself a beer. After a brief recovery period it will be time for the girls' oral exam.

A rousing cheer went up from the pussy eating males. Their hard dicks were craving some attention.

The girls retuned the favor with gusto. Clay joined the rest of the men in the rotation. Tracey got the first man off in the third round and with cum leaking out of her mouth took a victory lap around the rest. Chloe was sprayed savagely by Clay when his pulsating dick slipped out of her mouth. Her face, chest and hair received gobs of white spunk. 

Piper got Paul off and proudly displayed her mouthful of jism. Tracey asked for a taste and the two women had a soulful cum swapping kiss. After Pablo and Carl blew their wads, the entire group happily returned to celebrating with beers and champagne.