 My Fantasies Part 2: Double Trouble

This is the second in a line of decriptive fantasis that I wrote for my wife. She has persuaded me to submit them to the site. Hope you enjoy.

We have been out for a few drinks with friends. Somebody’s birthday or suchlike. One of your friends is staying over at our place using the sofa bed. We’ve had a few too many but still decide we need another drink before bed time. I open a bottle of wine. We sit down and drink our wine chatting. You two start on the girly talk so I bung the TV on for something to do. I am flicking through the channels when it lands up on one of the porno channel freebee advertisements. I quickly flick over hoping that you hadn’t noticed. But you had. You have a bit of a go at me as you think I had been deliberately watching the freebie and that it was not appropriate in front of guests. But your friend turns round and says that she actually quite likes porn and would like to watch. So I turn the channel back.

We are now watching what appears to be a run of the mill, normal porn movie. On screen a couple are shagging. He is screwing the woman from behind, she is on all fours. He then pulls out and produces the biggest dildo that you have ever seen and proceeds to screw the girl with it.

Your friend winces but you tell her not to be such a wuss and that the dildo was nothing. You brag about all the things we have ever used, listing dildos, torches and dozens of other objects. Your friend seems quite shocked but is very interested in hearing all about it. I jokingly offer to give her a demonstration, to which she replies ok. You then say, “Go for it”. I am very surprised, as I would not have expected you to be that open.

I leave the room and come back with various items that we could use. A maglite, a champagne bottle.

We start to kiss deeply and I slip my hand up your top. You feel my hand through the material of your bra, rubbing and caressing your tits. You lean forward and allow me to release the clips on your bra. You slip your top off and discard your bra. I lean down and take your nipple into my mouth. My tongue is warm and damp against your skin. I let hand find its way up your short skirt and discover that you are not wearing knickers. My fingers part your damp pussy lips and I finger your cunt deeply.

Your friend has been watching us getting off for a while and is getting turned on. I tell her to sit next to you on the sofa. She removes her top to reveal small pert tits, totally different to you. She slips out of her skirt and is wearing only hold up stockings. She sits next to you and spreads her legs. She has a neatly trimmed tight bush. I now have 4 titties to massage and 4 nipples to keep erect. Hers are big and stick out. I move my head from one nipple to the next, licking sucking and nibbling to keep each one hard.

I lean back and place one hand between each of your legs. I start to finger each of you and play with your hardening clits. I start by inserting on finger, then another, I stop and lubricate my fingers with some ky gel to keep you both wet. I ease in two fingers again, then a third, then a forth. I go down on each of you in turn, licking and sucking your clits. I lean over and chew on each nipple. I finally get my fifth digit into each of your well-stretched cunts. You now both have a fist in your cunts. It feels full.

I gently pull my hands out. I pick up the maglite and apply some lubricating gel. I use it on you first, slowly pushing it into your pussy. Your friend leans over and starts to suck upon your nipples. 

You moan as you feel her tongue flick around your nipples. She then moves her head down to lick your clit. Her tongue flicks into your wetness as the hardness of the maglite pushes deep inside you. I am getting so turned on by your semi-lesbian act. It makes you cum and your shudder as the pleasure waves through your body. I move to your friend and slowly insert the maglite into her cunt. You return the favour to her and take her nipple into your mouth. The flesh is hard and you suck it and flick it with your tongue. Biting down on the hard flesh.

You then move down and find her button, exposed to you as I part her pussy lips to fuck her with the black, metal torch. You gaze at the cylinder as it disappears deep inside her, before dipping your head into her pussy and sucking her hard little clit. She is soon bucking against the torch as her orgasm peaks. 

You are both a little worn out and need a bit of time to recover, so I stand in front of you both and release my now hard prick. Your friend looks at you as if to get permission. You nod as if to give her the go ahead. She leans forward and her tongue starts to lick the end of my cock. I lay down and you both kneel and start to lick and suck my cock. 

Having two tongues licking around my dick drives me mad. Both of your tongues are all over my dick and my balls. Making me harder and more turned on.

You both stop and move away leaving me lying on the floor. I look up and see that you have moved to the 69 position. You are now sucking your friends cunt as she leans down and tongues yours. It makes me so horney to watch you fingering and licking out each other.

You are now both ready for another fucking, but teasingly I say that I could never satisfy both of you. You start to argue about who should get fucked. My answer is a competition. Whoever can take the champagne bottle the furthest gets screwed first.

Your friend goes first and squats over the bottle. She eases herself down onto the bottle. It slides easily into her well-lubricated cunt. She must manage at least 7 inches of the bottle and it makes her moan to bounce up and down on the bottle. 

Next you go. You feel the neck of the bottle against your pussy lips and slowly settle yourself onto the cold glass. It seems to keep going up inside you forever. You bounce up and down on the bottle 

and you get most of the old wine bottle inside you. Clearly the winner. You get fucked first.

I lay down on the floor. You stand over my cock and sit down upon it. Your cunt has been well loosened by the wine bottle but it is very soft against my cock. Your friend stands over my face and lowers herself down onto my face. 

My tongue comes out and finds its way into her hole. You and her start to kiss and suck each others nipples as to use my cock and tongue to your pleasure.

The combination of having my cock up inside you and your friends tongue probing your mouth and nipples quickly brings you to orgasm. Your friend cums equally as quickly as my tongue in her hole and you sucking her nipples drives her mad. You cum on my prick and move so that your friend can enjoy my now huge erection to finish herself of. You watch as your friend bounces faster and faster on my cock before screaming in a massive orgasm.

I am now more than ready to cum and place both of you next to each other laying down. I kneel down and allow both of your tongues to caress my prick. You both suck and lick me until I start to pump my warm, white spunk across both your lips and tongues. It is so horney seeing my spunk covering two lovely faces. Shame my cameras not to hand.

We are all now well spent. But maybe your friend could stay over again some day. If I ask nicely.