 This is only a fantasy. I do hope you enjoy it.

*

We were together and it was girls' night out. I went out and met up with one of my school friends. We had fun at the bar, danced and things like that. We were both a little lit and things were getting a little out of hand, we started to dance a little more sexually, touching each other in places we shouldn't. So anyways, it was getting a bit late and becoming time to come home. I invited her to come home with me. 

We get to my (our) house and she sits in the living while I go to find you. I found you fresh out of the shower. I lean over and give you a kiss filled with passion and desire. I then whisper that I have a surprise for you if it was okay. You ask what it is and I take you by the hand and lead you to the living room. You spot her and look at me; you instantly knew what was going to happen. 

She is beautiful; let me give you a visual. She is blonde, with a great body; she is tall with beautiful blue eyes. Her breasts are perky like mine. She is very beautiful. Full of life and willing to have great fun and let herself go. 

I go over to her and we start caressing and touching one another more passionately. We then kiss. We had been kissing a little at the bar, but this kiss lit me on fire more then the ones that we previously shared. Our tongues dance, seek, and explore. Our hands began to explore each others bodies. We got tired of our clothes hindering the real feel of our caressing so we began to undress one another. 

I begin to trail kisses down to her ear, nibbling lightly. I explore further down, lightly kissing her neck, I go down to her beautiful breasts. I caress them softly; I then lower my month to suck her right nipple into my mouth while caressing the other. I fling my tongue across her nipple, she inhauls sharply. I then switch to the other one. Her hands go to my hair wanting me to keep moving down her lovely body. I do as she wants and I continue to move down her body, caressing her soft skin with my touch. 

As I continue to explore her body, the scent of her is driving me crazy. She smells so sweet and wanting. I lightly blow over her clit. I then start kissing her thighs moving up and down her thighs. I love teasing her, love knowing she wants what I want to give her so badly. Unable to resist any longer I suck her clit into my mouth to suck on it and flick my tongue across it. Her hands go into my hair to further drive me. I start licking from her clit down to her pussy hole. Tasting her sweet nectar. Tasting her drives me insane. I am so turned on. You see my wetness and behind me, you start fingering me, I moan unable to continue to lick her for a second. She pushes my head, my mouth back down onto her pussy. I stick my finger into her hole while licking and sucking on her clit. I start finger fucking her and I suck her clit into my mouth. I then feel the head of your penis teasing me. You enter me fast and hard. A moan escapes me. You start fucking me (oh my god! I am in heaven now!), I continue my assault on her pussy hole and clit with my tongue. This is enough to drive her over the edge. She cums with such vigor. I lick all she offers, loving the taste of her. You continue to fuck me. I start to cum gripping your penis like a vice. 

You pull out of me. Your penis shiny from my juices. She asks if she can suck you. She licks across your head and down your shaft to taste all my juices that cover your penis. She then takes your penis into her mouth. You feel the head of your penis touch the back of her throat. Your hands go in her hair like they usually do mine when I give you oral. I crawl over to the fun, unable to watch any longer. The young woman moves to one side and I move to the other. I start caressing your balls and kissing them lightly. We (her and I) then take turns sucking your shaft in our mouths. You start to cum in my mouth; I love the taste of you. Your cum now fills my mouth and I kiss the young lady beside me. We share your sweet cum. Our tongues tango together. 

We all shower together and then she has to go home, to her husband.

Our love session now over.