 My latest fantasy involves my husband and I and a young college student. I imagine her to be around nineteen or twenty. A newbie that we could break in would be a plus. I imagine us being lucky enough to meet her in a bar slightly tipsy and look to be naughty. Being with a woman is new and exciting for her and she can't wait to go home with us.

We get her home and start undressing her. He starts with her tank top while I unzip her boots. We both reach for the button on her miniskirt at the same time and it comes off. He's kissing her neck and I press my lips to hers opening them with slight pressure from my tongue. She sighs into my mouth and her legs part so that my husband can slide his fingers under her thong. She's wet. So wet that I can smell the sweet scent of her pussy in the air. I reach around and unclasp her bra and her young full breast pop out. I can't resist I have to taste them so I lean down and suckle one of her pink tight little nipples into my mouth. My husband is rubbing her clit in circles making her shake. I can tell she's going to come soon. 

We stretch her out on the bed and my husband kneels on the floor between her thighs. I part her pussy for him and pull back the hood of her clit so that her bud is completely exposed. He dives right in flicking it with his tongue and sucking it into his mouth. She couldn't hold back. She came so hard I thought she was going to black out. We let her recuperate while we undressed each other. 

I love to kiss him when his mouth is wet from another woman's juices. It adds a new dimension to the kiss. My hand is on his thick cock and I can't wait to stuff her mouth full of him while I get a turn at her pussy. 

My husband walks to the other side of the bed and I crawl on top of her. I kiss her and tell her to open wide. I take his cock and I slide it into her mouth. I push it back and forth in and out until she can swallow him all the way down to his balls. I grab his hips and make him fuck her throat. I have him slow down though because I don't want him to come yet. As she licks and sucks on his cock I kiss my way down her body. I stop to suck and chew on her nipples, dart my tongue into her belly button, tongue both sides of her hips, and then I settle myself between her thighs.

I start sucking the inside of her thighs; licking the creases just to tease. I run my tongue back and forth over her slit not quiet delving into her folds. I love the anticipation. They always assume I am going to go straight for their clit, but I love to tongue fuck them first. Sliding my tongue in and out of their slick center always sends me into a frenzy. She thrust her hips pushing her pussy onto my tongue. I love the fact that she is fucking my face like I made my husband fuck hers. I pull her legs further apart so that I can get as deep as possible into her. I finally pull back so I can start on her clit. It s hard and she is trembling and I want my husband to fuck her while I suck on her clit. 

I have her get on all fours so that her ass is facing my husband and then I slide under her. I guide his cock in and watch it disappear. He's thick and she has to stretch a lot to accommodate his girth. We always make sure they are soaked before he fucks them. We don't want their tender pussy's hurt. He starts a slow rhythm and I open her up so I can flick her clit with my tongue. She is torn between thrusting back on his cock and grinding on my face. We let her go crazy for a moment before we take control again. I grab her hip and he circles and hands around her waist. We assault her pussy with his cock and my tongue. She goes spastic; gushing so much come that it soaks my hair and his groin. My husband withdraws his cock from her pussy and we roll her over onto her back. 

We let her rest for a minute while my husband fucks my mouth with his drenched cock. He tastes so good and for a moment I think he is going to shoot right down my throat, instead he just pulls back and smiles. I should have known he wouldn't want to come yet. I roll over to her and start licking her lips and thrusting my tongue in her mouth so that she can taste herself. She moans into my mouth and starts moving her hands all over my body. My husband spoons me from behind kissing the back of my neck and sliding his palm down my side and then to my ass.

Their hands meet between my legs. Both of them sliding their fingers into my pussy for my juice. She runs her finger back and forth across my clit and I beg her to rub circles around it instead. My husband is still sliding his finger in and out of me and I can feel myself getting close. He tells her to stop rubbing my clit and positions her between my thighs while I still lay on my side. He lifts my leg into the air with one hand while pulling her face close to my pussy. She starts lapping at my pussy gently. The fact that I know that she is nervous and that she has never tasted another woman before almost drives me to the brink. Suddenly she's not so nervous and I can tell instinct has kicked in. She suckles my clit and pushes my husband's fingers out of the way and she takes over thrusting in and out of me. My husband takes two his wet fingers and pushes into my back side. I come hard. 

The intense shaking has finally subsided. She is still lapping at my cunt, but gently, knowing how sensitized I am. My husband gently pushes her head away and rolls me onto my back. He eases his way onto me and I wrap my legs around him. This is my favorite time for penetration. After a hard orgasm I know that with just a few strokes he'll have me there again. We tell our girl to straddle my face, we don't want her to be left out, and I start fucking her tight hole with my tongue as he starts thrusting. With him thrusting into me and my tongue thrusting into her we set a steady rhythm. We are all gasping and groaning and sure enough I come quickly. I reach up and grab her hips thrusting more of my tongue deep inside her. I slide a finger inside to get it wet and then draw it back out and place it against her back door. She is tight and she tenses a little as I ease in and when I start pumping in and out her she goes crazy and starts screaming. I take my tongue and move up to her clit. I put my lips on it and start to suck; pulling on it until she gushes on my face. 

My husband pulls out of me and we quickly put her on her back. I love watching him come in other women. He puts her legs up on his shoulders and starts to thrust. He pounds fast and hard making each thrust count and he voice is hoarse from yelling. I lean over and suck on her nipples but she reaches up and grabs a handful of my hair pulling my face away and up towards her mouth. Watching us kiss makes my husband thrust even harder and I know he's ready. With a yell he comes and she follows. He lowered her legs off his shoulders laid down on the opposite side of her. We are a pile of sweaty limbs and the scent of come is everywhere. Hopefully she'll join us again.