 The question on the form asked, "What is your sexual fantasy"? Well, that's a hard one to answer, but I suppose if I'm ever to have it come true, I'll have to fill in the form or no one at the swingers and orgies web site will ever contact me. So here goes...

Hi my name is Leeanne and I am a size sixteen bisexual female. I'd be a complete lesbian, if it wasn't for my insatiable appetite for spunk. Semen. Jism. Cum. Whatever you want to call, it I love it. I have to have it. In me. On me. Any way I can get it. I'll fuck you, I'll wank you off or even better watch you wank just to get a shot of it. I've perfected oral sex to a fine art - in fact if there were awards for giving blowjobs, I've been told I would be in the Top Ten. Now to get back to my fantasy - it involves at least 10 men who are standing around a low table. On this table is a round Paddling pool, the type that children play in during the summer. There's no water in it now of course, just me, completely naked, waiting for the fun to start. At last the group of men I've lined up start to file in - there's some coughing and nervous glances. A murmured voice asks another "Wow are we all going to fuck her?"

I stand up to face the group. "Gentlemen," I say, "I thank you all for agreeing to be here today, and for helping bring my fantasy to life. There is only one thing I want from you, and its not love or money - I want your cum. I want it flowing out of every hole, every nook and cranny. And in return for this, I promise the time of your life. I will suck the very lifeblood out of you until your balls are as empty as a desert just before the rains. If any of you want to back out now please feel free to do so". At this there was a general sound of "we're all right" and "I wouldn't miss this for the world". I did notice one man slip out the door, his face was bright red so I can only assume he was shy. "Right, lets get this show on the road then," I announced to the rest. The men started to take their clothes off, and there in front of me were nearly 20 different cocks - all different sizes, shapes and colours, some with a lot's of hair and some almost bald. But every one of them standing almost vertically and ready for action.

They arranged themselves all around the table, and one or two of them were so eager to start that they were already slowly stroking their hard shafts. I reached over to a young man of about 22, his cock is bobbling around in front of my face, a nice pink, smooth, cock - his helmet shinning from pre cum. I reached out with my tongue and dabbed the end, gathering the ribbon of moisture on the tip and taking it in to my mouth. "Ummm" he groans. I take the whole thing in to my mouth deep down my throat, just like I'd practiced "Oh God..."

I roll onto my stomach, as I raise my ass in to the air and wriggle it in the hope that someone will get the message and enter my dripping wet pussy. Suddenly I feel a mouth on my ass licking it and fucking me with his tongue. I reluctantly release the cock in my mouth and look the fanny licker in the eye and demand "Fuck me with your prick - I need to feel it inside me." He lets out a sigh and stands up, places the end of his cock in the entrance to my cunt and pushes it in fast and hard. "Ohhhhhhh yesssss. Yesssssss, that's it...Ohhhhh God, fuck me hardddd," and return my attention to the cock in front of me. Soon the sight of me being fucked from behind is too much for the lad and he shoots the first load of spunk in to my mouth as I swallow every drop. I start thrusting my ass back at the guy fucking my pussy, as he slams his cock deep inside of me over and over. I feel his balls slapping against me with each deep thrust. Before long he grabs my hips and pulls me back hard - filling my cunt with his hard cock - as he cries out. He shoots load after load of his warm cum inside of me as I call out to him "Ohhh yessss - cum for me baby. Fill my pussy with your cummmmm." Spent, he pulls away from me, trailing a stream of cum across my ass.

This opens a floodgate - all the men, who up to this point probably thought I was leading them on - start jostling for the hole of their choice. One man, an older man of about 50 asked me politely if he may make love to my anus. I tell him "I would love to feel your cock in my ass - go for it". I roll onto my side as he putts his cock near my fanny. He gathers some of the spent spunk from my pussy on his fingers and spreads it on my ass. He slowly pushes one finger, then two in my ass while pushing the sides and stretching my hole to accommodate his quite big cock. He then puts the end on my puckered love hole and pushes forward with a grunt, stopping when he has it a quarter of the way in. He backs out a little and rubs some more of the first mans juice on his cock and surges in again. Soon my asshole is gripping his cock and loving every minute of it as he fucks me faster and harder. Within minutes I feel his cock body stiffen as he shoots his cum up my ass. He pulls out and thanks me kindly as I feel another cock take his place. This one is rougher than the first man, and he fills me quickly - lubricated along by my middle-aged lover's cum.

Another prick is put in my mouth and I eagerly suck it to completion, and as I am doing this I feel a shot of spunk hit my tits and another load shoot on my back from 1 or 2 guys who had wanked a little too enthusiastically. This goes on as each hole is filled with a hard cock and soon more spunk joins the last. As 1 man cums, another one takes his place. Every hole is filled with cum - some men have gone 2-3 times and are sitting on the side looking fatigued but happy, watching me get my fill from the others. My entire body is coated with jism, a layer of it coats my tits, my face, my back. My ass is overflowing, and what seems like gallons of spunk drips out of my aching pussy. As the last man collapses in exhaustion, I am left with a feeling of fullness, completeness and very, very happy.

Well I hope that answers your question well enough for you to be able to help me if you want to make my dream cum true well you know what to do...

The end of the beginning (I hope).

* * * * *

many thanks to pokerman for the editing and his byline