 "Another night by myself." Kitiara thought to herself and she kicked off her shoes and sat down on the hotel bed, clicked on the TV and wondered what to do for the night.

"I do hate going out alone, I wish I knew someone in town." Heavy sigh.

She runs a hot bath and when it is filled, hot and steamy, she gets in slowly.

She moans, "This is almost perfect."

Just then the phone rings and she gets up, naked and steaming. She grabs the phone and jumps back into the bath.

"Hello."

She hears a man's voice, "Hello, Kitiara?"

"Yes, who is this?"

"John. Don't you remember me saying that I had to go on a trip this week and that is why we couldn't have lunch?"

"Oh, yes," she laughs. "I ended up going on one too. What's up?"

"I know. Why didn't you tell me you were going to be in Dallas too? Do you want to meet up? What are you doing right now?"

"Um, right this minute?" A sly smile runs across her lips. "Tell where you are first."

"On a break from a meeting sitting across my boss and two clients."

"Oh perfect, because I am naked in my bathtub right now. I want to have some fun."

"Uhh, Hmm" Hesitation. "Yes, I can confirm that." He was trying to act like he was having a professional conversation and failing miserably.

Kitiara started to play with her nipples, describing everything into the phone. She spread her legs and scooted down a bit so that her pussy was just sticking out of the water. She played with herself and moan wildly into the phone. She was slowly getting louder and louder. 

John had to excuse himself and run into the bathroom, which he found empty. He hurriedly unzipped his pants and took out his hard penis. He imagined her fingering herself but instead of her fingers it was his hard cock. 

He did not have the pleasure of being able to moan which did not make the situation easy for him.

Kitiara was now too excited to continue explaining, she was moaning now almost to the point of cumming. She felt so warm and wet. She started talking dirty about the things she wanted him to do to her and what she wanted to do to him. 

"MMMM. You want to feel my tongue on your dick? I know you would like to suck my ass. Stick your dick right in there and watch it as I moan?"

"Oh yes baby. You have such a hot ass" 

Kitiara started to cum. "Oh, I am cumming. Fuck. I'm cumming" She was screaming now. He could hear the splashing of the water and he came at the same time with visions of her rapidly fingering herself and licking it off.

Kitiara is brought back to reality and says "Call me later and we'll talk." 

"Leave your hotel information on my VM. We are going out." John smiles over the phone.

"Hour is all I need. What is the attire?"

"Come casual, get ready here. I have a surprise for you. But after that, dressy." John says in "matter of fact" manner. He wasn't asking her.

She giggled, "You got it sexy."

An hour later on the dot, Kitiara is standing in front of a limo sent to pick her up. 

The driver gets out of the car. He sees a girl in her mid twenties, very short-shorts, sneakers and a white t-shirt that is so see through he could see her bra perfectly. His eyes caress her body from the top to the bottom. 

He hopes she is the one he was supposed to pick up.

Knowing exactly what he was thinking, Kitiara stared at the driver impatiently. She knew she looked cute and was going to have some fun with this.

The driver approached her, confirmed it was Kitiara, threw her bag in the back of the trunk and helped her in the car.

She was excited and surprised not knowing what to expect.

She knew the limo driver was already trying to look up her shorts and didn't need to see if he was watching her. She grabbed her purse, took out some hand lotion, and rubbed it slowly and seductively on her legs.

The driver coughed and fixed himself. 

A smile went across her lips; that was enough for her. Mission accomplished.

When they pulled up to the hotel the limo driver let her out, told her what room to ask for and refused to take a tip. He smiles and says jokingly, "No thank you ma'am. I've had my tip." 

She smiles and finds her way to the hotel room. She knocks and wonders if John will be naked when he answers the door. 

Kitiara almost didn't realize that door opened and a gorgeous blonde was standing in front of her. "Hello!"

Kitiara was stunned and looked at the room number again thinking that the limo driver was getting back at her for teasing him. 

"I'm Jane. John told me you were coming over." She let a very confused Kitiara into a large suite with a king bed. "John and I have been friends for years. I live in Dallas."

She took Kitiara's bag and put it on the side of the bed. Kitiara took a moment to stare at her ass as she bent over. Jane turned around and gave Kitiara a surprising hug. 

"I am so glad you came over. We are going to have so much fun."

Kitiara's cheeks flushed as she felt Jane's large breast press against her own. Jane was not only gorgeous, she was bubbly, cute and had huge breast. Kitiara was jealous. Not because she wanted John to herself but because she had the feeling they'd slept together. 

Kitiara could only wonder what it would be like to be with Jane.

Kitiara's phone vibrated on her hip and she picked it up. She heard John's voice over the whirring of cars. "Just wanted to see if everything went ok."

Kitiara's tone was sarcastic and fake. "Oh yes! We are having loads of fun, Jenny and I." Saying Jane's name wrong on purpose.

Jane looked back from brushing her hair and chimed sweetly, "Jane, honey."

John laughed "Oh stop. Look I know what you are thinking but I promise we will have fun tonight. I know you and Jane will be close friends by the end of the night."

Kitara heard the playful tone in his voice. Knowing that John is a master at creating a good time, Kitiara brushed aside her doubt.

"Trust me on this, sexy. I can't wait to see you. I'll be there in an hour. I am taking you BOTH out." 

He hung up the phone before Kitiara could say another sarcastic remark.

Dam him! 

"When should we be ready?" Jane threw Kitiara a warm smile. 

She is too hot to be mean to. Dam him again.

"An hour." Kitiara said grabbing her bag and getting ready in the bathroom with the door half open.

She was getting her make up done as Jane bounced around the room to club music, singing to herself. Although Jane was talking to Kitiara, she wasn't listening. Jane didn't notice.

Kitiara was about to put on her dress when Jane came into the bathroom naked. Kitiara's mouth dropped and before she realized it she gasped.

"OH, my god you have such a hot body!" 

Jane smiles from ear to ear. "Thanks honey. And think all this time I was thinking the same about you. You have such a perfect ass." Jane got a good grab of Kitiara ass, held it for a second and then gave it a healthy smack. 

Kitiara squealed, laughed and wondered if Jane even liked girls. Maybe it will be a fun night. Kitiara crossed her fingers.

They were ready and about to walk out the door when John knocked on the door. 

The door opened to see Jane wearing a blue dress. It was so low cut that is showed her belly ring. Her large breast would have popped out if it weren't for double sided tape. The high slit on the side accentuated her strappy shoes. She looked so sweet and yummy. John slowly put his arm around her lower back and gave her a passionate kiss. He felt her soft tongue massaging his and he immediately got stiff.

Kitara stood there not knowing what to do, slightly uncomfortable. 

That is when he looked her way. "You ladies look fantastic."

Jane looked at Kitiara "Doesn't she look cute? You could just eat her up!"

"I just might." John was using his playful voice again and showing his half smile.

Kitiara blushed, even more uncomfortable. Before she realized it John brushed her cheek and grabbed her head. Her gave her an intentional, passionate kiss.

What was he doing? She didn't know what to do and thought, "screw it." She pulled him closer and thought of Jane's tongue in her mouth along with John's. She couldn't believe he kissed her like that in front of Jane. Would she be upset?

John turns to the girls. "Let me change and freshen up and we will be ready to go."

John disappears into the bathroom.

Jane grabs Kitiara's hand and sits her on the bed. 

Here she goes...she is going to be upset that John kissed me. Kitiara was ready for a fight. 

Jeanna giggles, leans over and whispered like she had a secret. "Let's take off our panties and then before we get in to the Limo, hand them to him. If you are as wet as I am right now then he will like it very much!" Jane leaned in and gave Kitiara a friendly peck on the lips.

Kitiara suddenly liked Jane very much and agreed.

Just then John exit the bathroom smelling of newly applied cologne. Kitiara took that time to check him out. He flashed the smile that always turns her on right away. Her eyes followed his slimbody to his firm end. She imagined the two of them intertwined, breathing heavy and sweating, as his performs long thrusts which bring her to the climax of her passion. She crosses her legs as she feels the familiar tickle of juices between her legs.

They collect their items and enter the elevator. Kitiara and Jane chat, almost flirt with each other. John was getting the idea that the night was going fine and the two were getting along very well. He took this opportunity absorb Kitiara's choice of dress. She was wearing black high heels that had a black strap around her ankle. His eyes slid up her legs along the slit that went past her thighs almost to her hips. The dress revealed that she could not have been wearing underwear. John flashed another warm smile.

The front of the dress was very unassuming compared to the back of the dress, which was so low cut that it ended right above her butt. He imagined sliding his hand down the back of the dress. At times when Kitiara straighten her back, you got a flash of the crack of her but. To accentuate her slender neck she wore a black choker. "Hmm, S&M attire, so fitting," he thought to himself.

The three of them exit the elevator and received various glances form the guests at the h The limo pulled up with perfect timing. Before entering the limo Jane turned to John and whispered, "Hold this." In his hands where two panties, one white thong with a little bow and one black thong with clear sides and looking very much like leather but feeling like satin. A smirk came across his face; he could only guess whose panties each belonged to. He quickly hid them in his pocket but not before one of the baggage boys eyes opened up in disbelief and more jealousy.

Kitiara saw the limo driver and almost laughed to herself. It was the same driver she had seen before. Kitira smiled and thought to herself, if he thought what I gave him was a tip before; he'll be paying us by the end of the night.

The three of them sat for a while, listening to the radio. Kitiara and Jane continued their small talk. John had his hand in his pocket caressing the "gifts" left for him.

Kitiara wanted to have some fun and wondered how far she would be allowed to take it. She leaned over to Jane, looked her in the eyes and began kissing her. 

John enjoyed watching the two girls kissing each other; he could see their tongues going in and out of their mouth. He also like to fact that the driver could not keep his eyes on the road. No privacy screen here.

Soon they began petting each other when Kitiara pushed Jane them down horizontally. She placed her hand on Jane knee, she slowly bringing her hands up her thigh, which disappeared, under Jane's dress. 

John wanted to show himself to the girls and start touching himself in front of them. 

Jane started to moan as the two of them continued to make out and Kitiara continued fingering her.

John couldn't take it anymore and unzipped his pants. He looked over at the girls to make sure it was ok but they were having too much fun. 

Jane pushed Kitara off to a sitting position, lifted her dress up for everyone to see her hairless pussy and began eating her hungrily.

There was a gasp from the driver.

The girls kept this up and since John had such a stressful week he was ready to cum. 

Kitiara and Jane leaned down and helped him in pleasuring himself. When he did cum, Kitiara put his hard penis far into her mouth. 
Her actions were so quick that he did not expect it and he began talking dirty and moaning. 

Jane sat playing with herself and watching Kitiara with her dress still pulled up and swallowing John's cum. The scene didn't take her long to cum and soon she was screaming in pleasure.

The driver swerved a little and the three of them began to laugh. If there was any tension or feeling of still needing to get know each other, they got rid of it.

The ladies freshened up and the limo pulled into the restaurant. The limo driver got out and again refused John's tip. 

Kitiara gave the driver a quick wink as if there was a personal joke between the two of them.

They entered restaurant and asked for a more secluded area. The restaurant had high walled, leather booths for privacy. 

The first thing that Kitiara noticed is that the steak house had an uneven amount of men/ businessmen. A mixture of men out from a conference, entertaining clients or just grabbing a bite alone. 

Jane paid no attention to the customers. 

John however noticed the additional jealous stares he received, smiled and thought, "If they only knew what was in my pocket."

He took the opportunity to lean over and kiss each of the girls in a way that made everyone know they were more than friends, before sitting down.

Dinner went quickly and the three of them chatted, taking turns teasing each other and the waiter. They lingered while drinking wine and enjoying the night out. Before they were ready to leave the girls wanted to give the customers something to think about before leaving. 

Jane leaned over to Kitiara and the two of them began kissing again. Lightly, but knowing that it would not take much. Kitiara raised her hands up to Jane's face and softly caressed her face, neck and shoulders. They pulled away looking into each other's eyes and gave each other a devilish smile. 

They got up, acted as if there was no else in the room and walked out with the feeling of eyes following them. John offered his arm as an escort and they nuzzled against him.

They take a short ride in the limo to a nightclub. The three of them immediately got on the floor. Kitiara and Jane are not hiding the fact that they are into each other and that John has the benefit of being caught in the middle of it all. The three of them take turns teasing each other and dancing seductively. When the lights died down, John took the opportunity to slip his fingers in through the slits of their dresses to taste each of them. 

Eventually the three of them could not wait to get back to the limo. The same limo is waiting for them and pulls up. The driver immediately jumps out and helps them in.

As soon as they are in the limo, Kitiara grabs John and begins to kiss him hard and passionately. John gently pushes her off, laughs and says "Ok ladies, let's save something for the hotel room."

Kitiara looks at Jane and says with a hurt pouty look, "John doesn't want to play with us."

Jane laughs and says in a determined voice, "He doesn't realize he has no choice."

At this John is playfully pushing them off as they try to seduce him. Eventually Jane is able to convince John to play a game where he cannot use his hands.

He is sitting on the floor of the limo and his head is tilt back, resting on the seat. Kitiara pulled up her dress, straddled him and began to play with herself. He is inches away and can smell her, feel the heat from her body. He brings his hand up to feel her tight ass but Jane pushed them to his side, shakes her head, "No touching."

Jane pulls off John's pants and bottom, leaving him half naked. She then bends over and begins to give John head. He is moaning in pleasure and wants to use his hands badly. The two of them continue to tease him. Eventually Kitiara lets John lick her pussy. Jane begins to straddle John and begins to lower herself on his dick. She changes from rocking back and forth to riding the shaft of this penis-up and down.

This time Jane is about to cum and begins to moan and talk dirty. 

Kitiara is able to see them fucking and is enjoying it. She is now rubbing herself wildly saying all kinds of dirty stuff to Jane and John. 

"You have such a great cock. I love to watch you ride him. I love your tits, I want to eat you. Fuck, you are so hot. Let me lick your ass tonight."

Jane leans over and pushes her breast in John's face as she is eating out Kitiara. The three of them are moaning like crazy. Kitaira comes just as John is about to cum. 

Just then Jane jumps off John. Winks at Kitiara and says "Oh, no. You're not allowed. You need to save something for the hotel." John gives each of the girls a dirty look and says "Ok! Funny! Nice to see you two getting along. We'll see!."

The two laugh and wait until the hotel.

Soon the three of them are entering the room, ready to experience each other.

Kitiara pulls a chair from the desk and informs John to sit naked on the chair. John does as told but the two girls giggle as he removes his boxers. He gives them a look thinking again that they are getting along too well. He sits on the chair and waits.

Jane turns down the lights and pops a Sade CD into the player. The music begins and Jane is the first to begin the show. Kitiara is sitting on the bed, waiting and watching.

Jane is slightly shy at first but quickly recovers. Soon she is gyrating her hips and her hands are caressing her own body. Slowly over her breast, neck, across her mound and around to her swaying ass. Kitiara gets up and is soon seducing John. She is behind him whispering dirty things into his ear. 

"She looks good enough to eat! I would love to lick her and make her scream. Hmmmmmm. If you cum all over her, I would love to lick it up.."

John is sitting with a hard on, starting to stroke himself. Kitiara looks down watching and enjoying the scene. 

Kitiara walks behind Jane and begins to grind her hips in to Jane's perky behind. Responding, Jane begins to moan and wraps her hands behind herself and down the front of Kitiara's dress. 

Jane's fingers are moving up and down Kitiara's pussy.

Jane turns so that they can face each other as Kitiara begins to lick Jane's neck. She slowly moves her tongue down further and further, between Jane's breasts, until she reaches Jane's belly ring. Kitira now has a firm hold on Jane's ass. John enjoys watching the two of them being into each other. 

He almost feels as if they cannot see him, as if he is watching something he wasn't meant to. 

The two of them continue to caress, lick and touch. They move closer to John now and let him undress them as slowly as he chooses. Once fully naked the two of them focus on teasing John. They rub their breast against his body. They bend over and give him a full view of their ass and pussy, wet from excitement. 

When Jane sees John's precum she decides to take his hand and bring him to the bed. The three of them continue the same process of kissing, touching and tasting. Jane is so hot she can't take it. She grabs John's penis and using it like a dildo, rubs it against Kitiara's juices, sliding it in and out. 

Once John's hard cock was full of Kitiara's juices, Jane got on all fours and guided John's shaft into her ready and wet ass. She slowly guided him until she felt the familiar pop that he was in all the way. John pumped soft at first and then hard. He was about to cum again. Kitiara slipped under Jane and the two begin to 69 as John's cock rams into Jane. Kitiara stops periodically to lick John's balls or watch. Eventually the two are almost screaming from pleasure. Kitira was wiggling her hips as Jane licked away at Kitiara's lips and clit. Jane was mumbling dirty comments but was hard to understand with Kitiara's pussy rubbing against her mouth.
