 Hope everyone loves this fantasy wedding. This was a story I wrote to a guy through email. He wanted a fantasy wedding. I changed the names on the story.

*****

Today is the day I become Mrs. John Bassett! I can't believe it is finally here! I was told he was in the room downstairs getting ready and I have no idea what he has come up with! I know he will love my wedding dress! 

Our wedding cakes and flowers are all set up downstairs in the reception room next door to the room where everything is going to be for the wedding! I have no idea how it was decorated cause my bridesmaid Susie would not tell me but I know everything is naughty the way John and I wanted it to be! 

John's best man, Dan is helping him get ready even though I know he is not going to wear much since it is a naughty wedding for us. 

A preacher we know that comes to the swinger club is going to perform the wedding. His name is Joey. John knows how I feel about black men but he is very light skin and he is so handsome and all the women want him. 

Susie brought in my wedding dress and is low cut and sheer with lace and you can see everything under it! I am going to wear white lacy thongs with a sheer bra on that is attached to the dress but you can not see it! The dress is full length with long sleeves. 

I have garters to wear that are blue and the best man and groom will have the privilege of taking them off as my legs which my wedding dress will first stop at my knees for the best man then my groom will raise my dress up to my crotch. Susie put my sheer wedding veil on after she fixed my hair so that it flowed down my back! 

She told me to put my shoes on and when I finished getting ready then the music started, to tell me to start leaving the room. So I walked down the stairs and there was Dan's twin brother, Stan waiting for me so he could walk me down the aisle. I know that all the men in the wedding party was going to be wearing the same thing and when I saw the blue thong with his hard cock coming through then I knew I would fall in love with John's thongs! 

My pussy started getting very moist just thinking about John. Susie went ahead of me in a similar dress like mine but so short that you could see under it easily even though it was lacy and sheer like mine. She had a wrist bouquet just like my larger bouquet and she finally got down to the end where John and Dan was at! 

The wedding song we picked out was The Stripper song and I started walking toward John and he was looking at me with such lust and when I looked down and seen his cock was so hard I started drooling with pre-cum and my pussy juices was flowing and I knew that everyone could smell my arousal! 

Stan leaned over and said be careful or every man and woman is going to attack you if you do not calm down! I can even smell your arousal! I looked at everyone and all the men and women were playing with themselves and I got even hotter. 

I finally got to where John was and Stan handed me over to John. I looked at him and took his hand in mine and looked over at Joey who started reciting the wedding ceremony but could not resist looking at his outfit which was the sheerest thong I have ever seen and it had lace around the edges. His cock was just as hard as everyone else. Joey started saying the wedding ceremony: 

We are gathered here today, on this happy and joyous occasion, to join this man and this woman in matrimony. Marriage is a solemn institution to be held in honor by all, it is the cornerstone of the you and your spouse and of all the people you are around. It requires of those who undertake it a complete and unreserved giving of one's self. It is not to be entered into lightly, as marriage is a sincere and mutual commitment to love one another. This commitment symbolizes the intimate sharing of two lives and still enhances the individuality of each of you. 

I, John, affirm my love to you, Cindy as I invite you to share my life. You are the most beautiful, smart, and generous person I have ever known, and I promise always to respect you and love you. With kindness, unselfishness and trust, I will work by your side to create a wonderful life together. 

I take you Cindy to be my lawful wife to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better times with ourselves and with others , for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health for as long as we both shall live. 

I stand here seeing you in your wedding attire and it is sexy as all get out on you! I am standing here in front of everyone telling you how sexy you are and I know we will have lots of sexy fun with each other and with others too! I will give you lots of orgasms I will always provide for you with cock whether it is mine or someone elses' and also provide you with pussy too! 

With this ring I wed you and will worship everything we have and will have whether it is with me or with others. I will cherish your pussy with everything I can give you!

I, Cindy, affirm my love to you, John, as I invite you to share my life. You are the most handsomest, smart, truly loved and generous person I have ever known, and I promise always to respect you and love you. With kindness, unselfishness and trust, I will work by your side to create a wonderful life together. 

I take you John to be my lawful husband to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better times with ourselves and with others , for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health for as long as we both shall live. 

I stand here seeing you in your wedding attire and it is sexy as all get out on you! I am standing here in front of everyone telling you how sexy you are and I know we will have lots of sexy fun with each other and with others too! Your wedding attire is so hot that I will not be the only ones to share you tonight plus provide you with pussy and share cock also with you.

With this ring I wed you and will worship everything we have and will have whether it is with me or with others. I will cherish your cock with everything I can give you!

John and Cindy, in so much as the two of you have agreed to live together in Matrimony, have promised your love for each other by these vows, by the authority vested in me I now declare you Husband and Wife. Congratulations, John, you may now declare your love for Cindy by licking her pussy in front of everyone in the room and Cindy you may now declare your love for John by sucking his cock in front of everyone in the room! Everyone now I give you Mr and Mrs John Bassett! Everyone join in the fun to celebrate the joining of their union of marriage! 

We both got up and with juices on our faces we walked down the aisle to the reception room! 

The Reception

When we walked into where the reception was being held. I started string with a look of surprise. The room was decorated in blue and white lace every where. The cakes were scattered on different tables and John and I walked to each table. The cake on one table had shapes of men and women fucking and giving oral. The next table had a cake shaped into a pussy. Then the cake for John and I to cut was of a cock with a hand wrapped around it. 

When everyone was in there and we started cutting the wedding cake and John and I started feeding each other cake and everyone was laughing because we were getting it all over our faces. Then all of a sudden John grabbed a piece of icing and stuck it on his cock and that made the sex wedding party begin! Everyone started getting into every cake and putting it on themselves while others were licking it off of them! Not only were guys licking other guys cocks off but the women were licking women's pussies too! 

Then Joey came over and told us we needed to take pics of the groom and best man taking the wedding garters off of me. So I went and stood by the chair Susie had decorated for that purpose and put my foot up on the chair. Then Dan came over and pulled up my wedding dress and slid the garter off my chin. The threw it over his head at the crowd of men and watched all the men trying to catch it. Never knew who caught it.

Then John came over and pulled my wedding dress up to my crotch and pulled the garter off and threw it over his head and I watched the crowd of men trying to catch it too. I seen Stan hold his hand up with the garter in his hand. 

So while everyone was having fun, I took my wedding dress off and laid it on the table next to where the cake was. Everyone already had their clothes off and had laid them on tables. The men that were in the wedding party were the only ones that did not remove their thongs. But the guests that were men did and so did the women! The panting was so loud. 

John looked over at Susie who was sucking the preacher, Joey and I nodded to him and he walked over to her and had her stand up and bent her over a table and rammed home his cock into her pussy! She screamed in ecstasy. 

I went to the preacher, Joey and started sucking on his cock and to my surprise I did not get a panic attack from touching him. I had him lay down on his back and I straddled him and rode him cowgirl and when I came and squeezed my pussy against his shaft. 

I heard Susie cum and scream out John's name and that made me cum even harder and I screamed Joey's name in ecstasy. Dan came walking up to me and before I realized it he had his cock in my ass as Joey was fucking my pussy! OMG that feels so good! My pussy was drowning in juices and I feel like I could drown them too! 

A man whom I noticed as Mike came over and with his hard cock in his hand and aimed his cock in Dan's ass and pushed passed his sphincter. I guess he had been ready to get his ass fucked cause Dan started moaning. So as Dan was fucking me, Dan was getting fucked my Mike. So we had a train going on. When I started cumming again, my pussy was squeezing so tight that Dan said OMG I am cumming and that made Mike shoot his load in Dan's ass. 

As Joey started cumming, I noticed Stan came over to Susie and John and he fucked Susie's ass and when his cock rammed home into her ass I could see John's face and you could tell by the look on his face that he was cumming. He pulled out. Then Stan pulled his hard cock out and stuck it in Susie's mouth And she was sucking till he came in her mouth.

Joey finally came out of me and Dan took his cock out of my ass and stuck it in my mouth and I started licking the head of his cock and all around the head and the I started sucking on the head of his cock and making my mouth feel like my pussy was squeezing his cock! He started face fucking me and he came in my mouth. 

John came over to me and started kissing me and tasting the cum in my mouth then he laid me down on the floor and spread my legs and started licking my pussy and clit! He also started sucking on my clit so much that I squirted in his mouth! He was enjoying the cum of another man and also my cum too! 

I looked around and noticed everyone was standing around us and watching what John was doing to me and I felt so loved that I am glad I married the right man! I love you my husband and I always will! Thank you for coming into my life and giving me the kind of life and marriage I have always wanted! I am proud to be called Mrs. John Bassett!