 This story is completely true, with names changed and locations removed for privacy.

*****

This past winter I took a family vacation up the coast. It was just a few days and it was nice to see some family and relax for a while. While I was there though, I started to get a little restless. I'd brought my vibrator with me, but could only use it in the shower at night after everyone else went to bed. I'd brought it with me for a reason though...

After this short family vacation I had plans to drive even further north to a town I used to live in. Just before I'd moved away, I'd slept with one of my friends there and I was kicking myself for not sleeping with him sooner. The sex was fantastic and I was bummed I was moving away so soon after finding out how good Dan was at fucking. He's a big, burly man, who could throw me around the room and take control of me how he pleased. So during this vacation, I made a plan to come see him.

In the time since I'd been gone, however, Dan had started seeing someone. I guess you would consider it to be a bit of an open relationship. Before I realized they were open, Dan and I would be sending each other nudes, and I felt bad until he told me their situation. "You should add her on snapchat, actually," he told me. I added her and was so glad I did! Angela was stunning. Drop dead gorgeous. She had long, auburn hair and piercing green eyes, with the most perfect, perky tits I'd ever seen. She was sending me nudes too and wanted me to come visit just as bad as Dan did...

In the months leading up to my trip Dan and Angela would send me snapchats to build the anticipation. Any time I got a snapchat notification in the early morning or evening, I knew I had to open it in private. Dan loved sending me snaps of him fucking Angela. The two of them were kinky as hell and he would send me shots of her tied up, or him fucking her in the ass, or cumming all over her pussy. I absolutely loved watching these and couldn't wait to visit and join the fun.

I'd never had a threesome before. I knew I liked women, and I'd slept with one woman before, but I'd always dreamed about what it would be like to get fucked while another woman sat on my face. I absolutely love eating pussy. Honestly. I've always thought women were sexy, but after going out on a Tinder date months back with a woman, I discovered just how much I loved sucking on another woman's clit and playing with their pussy lips. That sweet, musky scent drives me nuts and I love wrapping my arms around their legs while I lick their sweet slit. But still, I'd never fulfilled that fantasy of playing with a couple before, and I was beyond excited.

So finally my family vacation was coming to an end. We all packed up our suitcases and were getting ready to leave our rental home. I had a far drive, and I was so excited to go finally fulfill this fantasy, so I tried to leave the house bright an early. I even had my other small, travel vibrator with me to help me get through the trip, so I was excited to hit the road. I loaded my bags into my trunk, but as I shut the trunk of my car, I knew something was wrong. My car wasn't level and it wobbled a bit when I loaded my stuff in. Someone stole a wheel off my car.

"What the fuck?!" I yelled towards my family. "Who the hell steals one wheel off a car?!" I spent the next several hours on the phone with local auto shops. I was in a panic. I needed to get to my old town to see Dan and Angela. After calling around for hours, no one was able to get the parts needed for my car until the next day. I was out of luck. Because of the amount of driving I had to do, and the timeframe I had until I had to return home, I wasn't sure if I would make it to see them. Disappointed was an under-statement. And honestly, I still was just so damn horny.

On the bright side though, I'd brought a few of my favorite toys with me. My family dropped me off at a quirky, cute motel that I found just outside the main part of the city. I settled in and decided to go have dinner and a beer in town by myself. I found myself at a cute bar and chatted up the bartenders and the people around me, telling them about my car situation. Everyone I talked to was sympathetic and some people bought me a beer, but no one stuck around much longer than an hour. By the end of the night though, I'd started talking to some really nice people at the bar. They were in town visiting too, and just so happened to be from the same area where I grew up.

Mariah and Ryan felt bad about what happened. They were insistent on buying me a beer! I was having such a good time, how could I say no? We talked for ages about our hometowns and eventually, they said they were getting ready to leave. Ryan had been slow about his drinking and was going to be driving.

"Where are you staying?" Mariah asked. I told her the area where my motel was. "Oh no way! Our place is nearby! We can give you a ride if you want. Actually, you should totally come have a beer with us there!"

Ryan went to go get the car. I'd been talking to them all night and they seemed nice enough. I had nothing urgent to get back for, other than my lonely motel room and my vibrator. So I went with them.

Looking back, maybe it's not the smartest move to hop in a car and hang out with some strangers, but they were nice enough and seemed friendly. Mariah had this sweet smile and grabbed my hand gently as we rode in the car. She really seemed to feel bad about my car troubles and was just so comforting and lovely.

We got back to their rental home and they showed me around. We took off our shoes and cracked a beer before sitting on the sofa. Ryan was across the room in a chair, while Mariah sat close to me. We sipped our beers and laugh and are enjoying ourselves when Mariah puts her hand on my thigh.

"Is this alright?" she asks. It was more than all right. I put my hand on the back of Mariah's head and kissed her deeply. Her warm lips felt electric against mine, charged with an evening of sexual tension. We kissed and embraced, as layers of clothes began peeling off. Ryan came over and sat on my other side, kissing my neck and massaging my thigh, as his girlfriend sucked on my tits.

My head was swirling, and not from the beer. Mariah grabbed my hand and led me to their room, as Ryan caressed my lower back. He was letting Mariah take the lead, and I was ecstatic that she was. I hadn't noticed at the bar, but Mariah had huge, magnificent tits. I massaged them as I pushed her down on the bed and climbed on top, entangling her body with mine.

I reached down and grazed her pussy lips. Dripping wet, I pushed a finger through her soft folds and teased her slit. I used two fingers and began rubbing her clit, while she moaned gently in my ear. I slowly kissed down her body, finding that sweet, musky smell I love so much. I massaged her thighs as I started sucking on her clit, then slid two fingers inside her warm, wet hole.

Ryan finished undressing and grabbed me by the waist, sliding his hard, pulsing cock against my now dripping wet pussy, pushing inside me and filling me up. I felt my body rocking with the motion of getting fucked, while still giving my full attention to Mariah's pink pussy. I moaned into her while her boyfriend pounded me from behind.

I wanted to watch Mariah get fucked. I flipped around to 69 her, still licking her sweet clit. I lifted my head just enough for Ryan to shove his cock inside her gushing pussy. I kept licking her clit and kissing her thighs, feeling her moan right back into me. I could tell she was getting close to cumming, so I kept going until her body was shaking beneath me and her breath went short, but she still wasn't finished.

I got up as Mariah and Ryan pushed me back down onto the bed. He grabbed my thighs and pulled me to the edge of the bed, filling me up completely. He cock felt so fucking good inside me, I could help but moan and swear, until Mariah lowered herself onto my face. I was in heaven. My body rocked as Mariah's juices ran down the side of my face. I lapped up every last drop I could, savoring her sweet scent. I wrapped my arms around her thighs and brought her down tight on my face and licked her slit while she leaned over and made out with Ryan. My tits bounced as he pounded my pussy. I felt like such a slut and loved every second of it.

Mariah came again and again as I licked her pussy, filling my mouth with her wetness. She hopped off and lay down to catch her breath, just admiring the sight of her boyfriend filling up my pussy with his throbbing cock. I looked at her in the eye and moaned, loving this first-time feeling of getting watched while getting fucked. I never knew just how hot it was to lock eyes and share that feeling of lust without actually touching them, but still being satisfied by someone else.

Ryan was getting close to cumming. He pulled out of my pussy and shot his thick ropes of cum all over Mariah's face, dripping down her chin, and landing on her magnificent tits. I crawled over the bed and kissed her deeply, wanting a taste of his hot cum too. He massaged my ass cheeks while I kissed her, before hopping up to clean himself off. Mariah and I caressed each other on the bed, which now was drenched in both of our juices, before getting up and cleaning ourselves off as well.

Flushed red and giggling softly, Mariah and I gently kissed as Ryan watched. They offered me to stay the night, but I politely declined. I didn't want to overstay my welcome, plus I had to get back to all my belongings in my motel. Ryan gave me a ride home, his hand rubbing my thigh. He asked one last time if I was sure I didn't want to stay, before dropping me off. Though the offer was tempting, I knew I needed to be ready to check out of my motel in the morning and hopefully get my car back from the auto shop.

I slept so great that night, reminiscing about my accidental first threesome. After all, I would have been having a threesome that night anyway, if it weren't for my car trouble. I knew I'd still be able to maybe make this trip happen if I was able to get my car by noon.

The next morning, I woke up in a daze and slightly hungover. I start trying to pack my things, but wasn't in a huge hurry. But then I got the call at 11AM. My car was ready. I was able to make my trip up to see Dan and Angela after all. So I got in my car and sped off to see them....

To Be Continued...