 My Favorite Experience

About 5 years ago, we visited the US Virgin Islands. Although we been to various islands in the Caribbean many times, this was our first visit here. My wife and I both were expecting more people to be sunbathing topless since there were many Europeans there. Then Melanie would feel free to also sunbathe topless. But, the beaches were full of families – apparently US families – so hardly any of the ladies were topless. Not wanting to be the “odd one out”, Melanie kept her top on as well. Since she really enjoys the freedom of going topless at the beach, so she was disappointed. 

I came up with a suggestion that I thought she would appreciate. I chartered a boat excursion, and made sure it was on a small boat so it would be very probable that we would either be alone, or with just a few other folks on board. The boat I hired was certainly not large enough for a “family”. That way, Melanie would feel free to go topless for the day while we were at sea. When I called to confirm the reservation the night before, the captain told me that we were still the only ones signed up for the day, but he couldn’t say who else might sign up before we left the next morning. But, he assured me that we’d still go, even if it were just us. 

We arrived at the boat the next morning, anxious for a relaxing day on the waves. We got to the ship, and “Captain Dave” welcomed us aboard warmly and introduced us to his “crew” – a native guy named Miguel. Miguel happened to be black, seemed to be in his 20’s, and was in good shape. Captain Dave was a bit older than we were at the time (he seemed to be in is late 40’s while we were about 10 years younger than that). Captain Dave was in decent shape as well, I suppose from living at working on the water. Miguel seemed very shy, polite, and quiet. On the other hand, Captain Dave was very friendly, boisterous, and had a great sense of humor. 

Melanie immediately felt comfortable onboard the ship. She had worn a “barely there” white string bikini that was a favorite of mine, along with a relatively conservative cover-up that hid her body as we traveled to the dock. But, once on-board, she quickly removed the cover-up and enjoyed the warm sun on her body. As Melanie uncovered herself and revealed her nice figure, I happened to notice Miguel stealing a few quick glances at her. He smiled broadly as he went about his chores, obviously enjoying being able to work around a hot looking lady. Other than his quick glances and the smile plastered on his face, he gave no outward signs that he was interested by Melanie’s appearance. Dave, on the other hand, wasn’t shy about his thoughts. He let out a whistle and complimented Melanie on how she had upgraded the appearance of his old boat so much, that he might just have to pay HER for the cruise! In fact, he asked us both if we would mind having our pictures taken that day during the cruise since he was looking for photos to place into a new brochure. He even offered us a reduced rate for the day if we would let him use our pictures. I would have OK’ed it without the financial incentive, but I wasn’t going to argue against the offer. 

We hadn’t even cleared the harbor when Dave started snapping pics of Melanie on the deck enjoying the sun and the breeze as we sailed along. Melanie has always been a bit of a show-off, so she was enjoying the attention Dave was paying her. The more he complimented her, the more friendly and outgoing she became in return. One of the reasons I share Melanie with other guys is the pride I feel when I know other guy’s enjoy and appreciate my wife’s obvious charms, so I also appreciated the compliments that Dave was paying her. 

Once we were in open waters, I pointed out to Melanie that she might want to lose her top now. Miguel’s broad smile grew even broader and he fastened his eyes on Melanie. Captain Dave immediately picked up on my suggestion and gave Melanie so much encouragement that she almost HAD to shed her top. Dave’s camera clicked away as Melanie reached back and untied the lower string that held the tiny patches of fabric in place over her nipples. Then, with a quick movement, she lifted the top off her neck and over her head, revealing her B-cup breasts to all three of us. To add to the tease, she shook her hair from side to side which, of course, also shook her chest from side to side as if to shake out in her boobs into the warm sunshine. 

We all knew that Dave wouldn’t be using topless pics in his brochure, but I didn’t object as Dave was busy snapping pics and complimenting Melanie, even suggesting some poses on various points of the boat. Several times he asked me to join Melanie in poses. Other times, he wanted Miguel in the background working the rigging of the boat. I found the contrast of Miguel’s dark skin to Melanie’s white skin to be intriguing and exciting in a way. Miguel easily agreed when Dave told him to shed his shirt as well, and he revealed a muscular chest. 

With all the fun and excitement of watching Melanie posing for the pics as we sailed, it seemed as though we too quickly arrived at the private little cove off a small island that we were headed to. Dave had Miguel drop the anchor so we could jump into the crystal blue waters and cool off a bit. Melanie and I were first to hit the water while Dave and Miguel secured things on the boat. As my topless wife clung to my neck and pressed her bare breasts against me in the clear water, I asked her if she was having a good time. She assured me she was feeling great and thanked me for arranging the trip. Soon Dave and Miguel jumped into the water, too, with a cooler in tow. They invited us to join them on the sandy beach nearby for some cool drinks, so the four of us headed for the beach. 

Once we were laying in the warm sand and enjoying the cool drinks, Dave produced his camera once again from a plastic bag in the cooler and started to snap more pics. Melanie was enjoying being an exhibitionist and the object of our desires, and I was enjoying being a voyeur to her teasing show. 

After a while, I suggested that Melanie should think about using some sunblock on her breasts since they weren’t used to that much sun. Dave asked her to wait while he changed rolls of film before she applied the lotion to her breasts. Obviously, he didn’t want to miss a thing. When Dave was all set, Melanie seductively squirted the white liquid onto her chest and looked directly at Dave’s camera as she massaged the lotion into her breasts. Miguel was sitting near Melanie watching intently, when I suggested it might make a neat pic if Miguel’s hands were applying the lotion. 

Melanie shot me a look as if to ask what my intentions were. She and I had enjoyed many threesomes with other guys over the years we’d been together, but usually we had discussed our intentions well in advance.  But we hadn’t discussed anything about this beforehand that day. It was all totally spontaneous, and I wasn’t even sure myself where this might be heading. Melanie had only intended to enjoy some topless sunbathing, which had progressed to the camera exhibitionism. But now she took my suggestion as a sign that I was interested in more, which I was fine with if it happened. 

Melanie smiled and turned to Miguel and offered the lotion to him. At first, Miguel politely and shyly refused. But Dave and I, and primarily Melanie, weren’t going to take “no” for an answer. After a little chiding by us all, Miguel moved closer to my wife and collected the lotion in his hands as Dave furiously snapped away with the camera.

Melanie was seriously getting into the scene as Miguel’s dark hands massaged her white fleshy mounds. Melanie arched her back against the sand for emphasis as she pressed against his moving hands. Now my cock was starting to grow as I watched Miguel and Melanie get more serious about their massage. So I decided to go ahead and kick the party up a notch and told Miguel to undo the strings of her bottom, too. Miguel’s eye widened as he gave me an uncertain look. Melanie just kept her eyes closed, moaned and arched her back further, which hoisted pelvis above the sand. “Go ahead, Miguel!” Dave ordered. 

“It’s alright,” I assured him. “Melanie wants to be naked, don’t you, Sweetheart?”

“Um-hmm,” she hummed, still keeping her eyes tightly closed. Slowly, Miguel undid the strings holding her bottoms in place. As the fabric fell away from my wife’s butt, I told Miguel to toss the fabric to me. Miguel gently removed the fabric that covered Melanie’s snatch, baring her pussy to us all.

Then, I suggested that Miguel better apply some lotion to that tender, white pubic area, too, before Melanie burned. This time, Miguel didn’t need any further encouragement, and he quickly filled his hands with cream and applied it to her mound. Within seconds, Melanie had spread her legs further apart to give Miguel better access, and Miguel’s greasy fingers easily began slipping up and down along her slit. 

Just moments before, I wasn’t sure where I wanted this to go, but now, watching Miguel’s dark hands almost fingering Melanie’s cunt, I knew where we all wanted this to go. If I needed any confirmation, my hard cock was straining at the fabric of my swimsuit. I told Dave that we didn’t want any pictures of this, but that he was free to put the camera down and join Miguel if he wanted to. Dave quickly put the camera down and moved to Melanie’s side opposite of Miguel and joined in the massage. Each guy took one breast for himself, but their fingers were having to take turns dipping inside Melanie’s pussy.

I could see that the party had reached a decisive point, so as the guys continued to fondle my wife, I explained to them that we had an open relationship, and that Melanie had enjoyed many other guys since we’d been together, usually in threesomes. Then, to add an exclamation point to what I had said, I asked Melanie if she wanted Miguel and Dave to fuck her there in the sand. My wife opened her eyes, looking at the guys then at me, and simply said, “I need to be fucked by someone!”

I explained to the guys that there were 2 rules. First, when Melanie said, “No,” it meant just that. Second, they couldn’t cum inside her since we didn’t have any protection. Other than that, we should all have some fun. Then I suggested we all enjoy ourselves, and I pulled off my own suit revealing my erection that showed I was more than OK with what was happening.

Dave immediately pulled his own suit off as well, and Melanie grabbed his cock and started to play with his balls and pull on his shaft. Miguel was a little more shy, but decided that he didn’t want to be left out of the party, and soon his suit was also off. It’s always a rush to see my wife naked with another guy’s cock hard for her, but this was as good as it gets - a beautiful tropical setting, and watching my horny wife with 2 different cocks hard for her, one black and the other one white. The contrast of her white skin and Miguel’s dark skin added to the eroticism of the moment. 

For a while, the three of them laid there exploring each other, and I was pulling on my own cock as I enjoyed the show. Tired of taking turns with their fingers inside Melanie’s pussy, they both ended up with their fingers inside her, stretching her just like she enjoys. Then Dave decided to move his dick toward her face and asked her if she licked to suck dick. She answered him by opening her mouth wide and Dave shoved himself inside her mouth. Melanie is a superb cock-sucker, and loves to lick and tease a guy’s head and balls, but Dave never got to feel the full pleasure of her talents because he started to pump in and out of her face as he held her head in place. So Melanie just did her best to hold her mouth open to let Dave enjoy himself there.

Melanie had turned toward Dave and I to accept his cock in her mouth, and Miguel slid even closer behind her. My attention was riveted between Melanie’s legs when I saw her left her upper leg high up in the air and Miguel held it there as his other hand directed his swollen shaft toward her hot cunt. I don’t think Miguel needed my encouragement any longer, but I offered it anyway by telling him to stick it in her and fuck her hard. I usually like to be looking into Melanie’s eyes as she is penetrated by a new lover for the first time. The lust in her eyes is incredible. But this time, all I could see above her breasts was Dave’s ass as it tightened with each thrust into her mouth. Still, I knew she was enjoying the moment Miguel entered her by the loud moan that escaped from her as his dick disappeared between her legs.

I watched as they both enjoyed my wife in their own ways. Miguel was slowly pushing into her and sliding almost all the way out before slowly sliding back in as his hands reached around her and played with her nipples. On the other hand, Dave held her head in his hands as he was quickly driving himself in and out of her mouth. Soon, Dave moaned and I could tell he was about to cum, so I reminded him to pull out before he shot into her mouth. Reluctantly, he pulled out and Melanie kept up a superb hand-job and she licked his shaft and balls as he shot his cum into her face and hair. Watching his cum shoot onto Melanie sent me over the edge, too, and my cum sprayed into the sand nearby.

Having spent our loads for the time being, Dave and I both sat back in the sand and watched Melanie and Miguel get it on. Now, without Dave’s dick in her mouth, I was able to talk to Melanie. I asked her if she felt good and she would tell me how good his cock felt in her and how great Miguel was fucking her, just the way she liked it. Then I would tell her how great she looked lying in the sand getting fucked. She loves it when she is being spoken to during sex, describing the action or the appearance. When I told her how sexy it looked with Miguel’s cock disappearing in her cunt, it sent her over the edge and she had her first orgasm as she got quite vocal, which she does when she is having a vaginal orgasm. 

Her first orgasm had subsided a little, but she was still enjoying the feeling of his cock moving inside her. Fearing Miguel might cum inside my wife, I reminded him about the rules of no cum inside her. As he continued to thrust into her, he told me that he always took a long time enjoying a woman, and that he could delay his orgasm for a long time. So he was fine. 

Melanie loved hearing that, and suggested they switch positions and let her ride on top of his cock, so they did. I always love to see Melanie on top, in control, with her body bouncing on a cock, and she knows that. Miguel reached up and played with her tits and she leaned forward to press harder against the firm grip of his large hands. I had never gotten fully soft after my first, small orgasm and I was quickly getting fully erect again watching this show. So I decided it was my turn to also enjoy my wife. So I went behind her and applied gentle pressure to her back, indicating I wanted her to lay forward onto Miguel. Melanie wondered what I had planned, because we had enjoyed double penetration in her pussy before, as well anal/pussy penetration. So, as she squirmed on top of Miguel, she asked what I was planning to do. Without waiting for my answer, she said she didn’t think she could handle me and Miguel at the same time in her pussy right then. So I agreed to have her anally, which certainly wasn’t second rate! I asked Miguel to slip out of her for a minute so I could lube up in her snatch. Melanie let out a little whine as his cock slipped out of her and replaced him. When my cock entered her warm slippery hole for a few thrusts, she purred, sounding satisfied again. Then I slipped out and quickly pressed against her butt, whispering for her to relax. When I felt her sphincter relax, I gently pushed myself deep inside her butt and Melanie let out a loud, low moan. For just a second, we all laid still and adjusted to the new situation, then I began my own rhythm inside her ass, and told Miguel to go ahead and start fucking her again. I certainly don’t have any gay tendencies, but I admit that I love feeling another cock inside my wife and sharing her pleasure with her - whether we are in her front together, or separated by that tin membrane of her body. So I enjoyed feeling the pressure as Miguel re-entered Melanie. As I pressed into her body and against her backside, I whispered into her ear what an incredibly hot fuck she was. Watching from the sidelines, now, Dave started to show his appreciation and told Melanie what a hot woman she was. Melanie started to moan loudly and began to thrash around between our hard cocks, and I had to stop moving just to hold on inside her as she thrashed and had another orgasm. Her wild movements and the tightness of her ass made me unload my second orgasm into her butt as we came together.

I immediately slipped out of her ass and off of her body, and was incredulous and Miguel still worked himself in and out of her. My wife propped herself up over Miguel and looked into his face and said, “It’s time for you to come, Baby! How about it?” 

As he gripped her ass and continued to pump, he asked her if he could cum inside her, saying he was clean and safe. Melanie said he’d have to ask my permission. I told Miguel I was sorry, but we had to stick to the rules. Melanie told him to go ahead and get close inside her, and she’d finish him off between her tits and promised he would feel good. So that’s what they did, with Melanie’s tits wrapped around Miguel’s cock, he bucked around on the sand against her and moaned as he unloaded against her boobs. 

For a while, we all laid there spent and quiet. Finally Melanie rolled off to Miguel’s side into the warm sand. She looked both beautiful and slutty at the same time as my wife’s beautiful body laid there in the sun with her legs apart, cum on her chest, face and hair, and my own cum leaking out of her ass.

After a short rest, Miguel scooped Melanie into his arms and carried her down to the warm water and rinsed her off. As he held her in his arms in the water, Dave and I watched them kissing and Miguel continued to fondle her body as he “cleaned” her. Dave told me what I lucky guy I was, to which I replied, “I know!”

Melanie stayed naked the rest of the day, eventually putting on her suit just before we returned to port. After we docked, Dave asked if he could take Melanie below and say “goodbye” to her. I replied that it was fine it Melanie wanted to, so they disappeared below deck as Miguel and I stay on top and talked. As Dave and Melanie made out below, I invited Miguel back to our hotel for drinks. He said he couldn’t that night, but asked if he could join us the next night, which he did. 

Miguel ended up spending the next night with us in our room and we enjoyed some great sex with Melanie until she was too sore to continue. Miguel wasn’t huge, but he had a good size cock and definitely knew how to please a woman with it. I really enjoyed watching Melanie with her first – and only, so far – black guy. So a great time was had by us all. By the end of his stay with us, I gave up on trying to keep Miguel from cumming inside Melanie, and she enjoyed taking him all the way inside her. He was right about being clean and safe.

This was my favorite experience sharing Melanie to date, but I hope we can top it some day!