 I would like to relate to you a true story of something that happened when my fiancé Jen and I decided to let someone join us for a night of hot sex. First let me tell you a little about us. We are both 22, I'm 5'10" and am an amateur bodybuilder, she is 5'4" with blue eyes, C-cup breasts, she works out regularly, is tan all over, and we are both completely clean shaven. We have experimented with all sorts of different sex and have even had a girl join us on more than one occasion. We had talked about maybe having a threesome with another guy, but neither of us had taken it too seriously, until I came home to visit one weekend and we decided to go out with a few of my old college buddies.

Before we even went out we had decided that we might let something happen should the opportunity arise. Because this was a fantasy that we had talked about quite frequently, we both knew what sort of ground rules there would be so that no one's feelings would be hurt. We had found in the past that the best way to make sure that everyone looked positively on the experience was good communication. With this in mind we prepared to go out for the night.

Jen dressed provocatively, as she knew that I would like it and also because the guy we were planning on including in our fantasy didn't know about it yet. We figured the more turned on he was the better it would go for all of us. Jen was wearing a black mini-skirt that stopped a good four inches above her knees and black boots that came all the way up her lower leg and had a zipper up the back. On top she was wearing a skintight red and black blouse that accentuated her full breasts. Underneath she was wearing a tiny white thong and a black bra with a clasp in the front. She looked so hot, I was tempted to take her right then and there, but we had to go if we were going to be on time.

After meeting up with several old friends and reminiscing over drinks and dinner we decided to all call it a night. I offered to give one of my friends a ride back to his dorm, saying that we could catch up a little more on the way home. Unbeknownst to him, he was the one that I had chosen to participate in our threesome that night. My reasons for this were pretty simple. He was a nice guy, I trusted him to keep his mouth shut and most importantly, he was a virgin. As far as I knew, he had only ever kissed a girl before. As we drove, I mentioned that it was still rather early and I was wondering if he wanted to come back to our hotel for a few more drinks and some TV. As soon as he agreed, I looked in the rear view mirror and gave a wink to my love, I knew then that it was finally going to happen.

Once we were inside the room, I lit a few candles that we had brought with us and turned off all the lights except for the ones on the night table and desk. This made it plenty bright enough to see, but without the harsh glare of having all the lights on. I told our friend Don to have seat on the bed and I would see what we had to drink.

As we sat around on the one of the beds drinking, I joked to Jen about the last time that she had gotten drunk and shown her thong to everyone. Knowing he wasn't there, I asked Don if he remembered that and when he replied in the negative I said to Jen that it didn't seem fair that everyone else got to see except for him. So after a little a bit of coaxing, which unbeknownst to Don was all play-acting on our part, Jen got up and standing in front of him with her back to him, raised the back of her skirt, displaying the thin strip of white fabric disappearing between her sexy ass cheeks. Don didn't say a word as he stared open mouthed at her ass, seeing this she giggled and gave her butt a playful shake. Seeing that he obviously liked what he saw, I suggested to Jen that she turn around and show him the front also, to make up for not getting to see it earlier. Jen slowly turned around keeping her skirt raised the whole time. As soon as she was facing us, I heard a sharp intake of breath. I attributed this to the fact that through the lacy front of her panties, the lips of her pussy were clearly visible and it was obvious that she was shaved smooth.

Things may have ended there, as I don't think that Don knew exactly what to say or do and any interference on my part may have appeared intimidating, if Jen hadn't taken the initiative. Without lowering her skirt, she leaned forward and kissed him hard on the lips. He didn't react at first, but after pushing at his lips for a moment with her tongue he finally opened his mouth and began to kiss her back. After only a moment of this, she reached down and began to rub the bulge in the front of his pants that had become apparent from the moment she lifted her skirt up. As I was sitting right next to him, she reached over with her free hand and began to massage my cock through my pants as well.

Determined to keep things moving, Jen grabbed one of Don's hands and pushed it up between her legs, spreading them slightly to allow him easier access. As soon as he touched the hot, wet material of the crotch of her panties he instinctively began rubbing. Returning her attention to him, she pulled his zipper down with one hand and reached in to remove his dick. Obviously Don liked the attention and began to push his hips up off the bed slightly trying to get her to continue touching him.

Instead Jen stepped back and pulled him to his feet. It was at this point that Don finally remembered that I was there and looked over to see if everything was okay with me. I just winked and nodded towards Jen who had just finished stepping out of her skirt and was just pulling her top off over her head. Seeming a little uncertain about what to do, Don just stood there staring at my fiancé's body. As soon as she had her top off, she leaned forward and began to tug at his pants. Getting the idea, he pulled his pants and boxers down so he was standing there naked from the waist down. She told him to take his shirt off as well and as soon as he had she pushed him back on the bed and leaned forward and began licking the tip of his cock. It was a huge turn on to see her bending over at the waist like that, wearing only a thong, a bra, and boots, sucking on another guy's cock. 

I kneeled on the rug behind her and pulled her panties off. In order to give me better access, she leaned forward a little farther and as she did her pussy came into view framed between her athletic legs. Leaning forward, I touched just the tip of my tongue up against her lips and she pushed back so hard against me that I thought she was trying to get my whole head up there. She was soaking wet, so along with my tongue, I placed two fingers up into her. She was alternately pushing back on my fingers and moving forward on his cock with her mouth. We had barely set up a rhythm when I heard him begin to moan. Wanting to see what was about to happen, I stood up without taking my fingers from her clutching pussy. When I looked I saw him thrashing and then suddenly completely tense up. Knowing that I get sensitive when I come, Jen kept completely still. I could see her throat moving as she swallowed his cum. She had only been sucking on him for a minute or so, not nearly long enough for me to make her cum, but I guess that was to be expected, after all, it was the first time that someone had even touched him.

Don looked up at my fiancée with a silly grin and thanked her. I told him that he could probably do something to thank her and when he asked me what I meant, Jen kneeled up on the bed and straddled his face with her pussy. He got the idea pretty quickly and began licking up and down her lips. It was clear she was very turned on, as I could see pussy juice running down both sides of his face. I was finally starting to feel a little self conscious about being the only one dressed so I quickly removed all my clothes and took up a position where Jen could lean forward and take me into her mouth.

Jen was working my cock at a furious pace. My shaft glistened with her saliva as she slid her mouth and hand up and down. She was supporting herself on her elbows so that she could use both hands on me. As one hand stroked my shaft, the other was rubbing and playing with my balls. Even though she is an excellent cocksucker, I had enough staying power to hold off from cumming. After a few minutes of this, I realized that Jen wasn't making too much noise. I attributed this to the fact that it was Don's first time eating pussy, so noticing that his cock was hard again, I mentioned this to Jen.

After first asking me if I was sure I didn't mind, she slid herself down his body and taking his dick in one hand she slowly sank down onto it. The look on Don's face was indescribable. Even after 6 years of sex, her pussy is as tight as it ever was. When Don reached up to touch her breasts, she helped him about by undoing her bra and freeing them for him. So there we are, my fiancée is riding my college buddy, who is pawing at her breasts and she is still leaning off to the side and sucking my cock. For some odd reason, this was a huge turn-on for me. As she continued to push herself down onto his rod, the sight and the feelings became overwhelming and I began to shoot my load into her mouth. It was huge and try as she might, she couldn't swallow it all and some escaped from the corner of her lips. Unfortunately, at the exact same time, Don was cumming too. His back and hips arched off the bed as he tried to push himself as far into her as he could. Jen's reaction was to push back, but she lacked the usual enthusiasm that she usually has when I do that. Later she told me it was because he wasn't nearly as big as I was, either around or long, so not only had she not orgasmed yet, but even with him trying to jam himself in like that he wasn't going as deep as I did on my normal thrusts.

The look on her face said it all, she hadn't cum yet but she was desperate too. As she lifted herself off from him, I got behind her and pulled her towards my hard erection. The idea of our fantasy coming true was enough that I didn't need any time for recuperation before going at it again. I held her hips with one hand while my other hand rubbed the head of my penis up and down her slit. She was soaking wet and there were drops of semen leaking out of her. With one hard shove, I drove myself in to the hilt and her first moan of the night escaped her lips. The inside of her pussy was steaming hot, hotter than I'd ever felt it before. I'm not sure if it was from the friction of the sex that she had already had or the fact that she was with two men at once. She was also wetter than I had ever felt her before. As I pushed myself in, more cum was forced out around my dick from within her. Without any ceremony, I began to jackhammer myself into her, slamming against her with all my might. At first she tried to suck Don's cock back to life so he wouldn't feel so out of it, but the force of my thrusts caused her to abandon her efforts. Rather she buried her face in the bedspread and tried lamely to touch his cock with one of her hands. I don't think he even noticed though, he appeared to be either half asleep or in some dreamland, probably it was both. By the way that Jen was shoving back against me and gripping the sheets for dear life, I knew she was about to cum. Knowing what she likes, I smacked her ass with the palm of my hand hard enough to leave a print. Hearing the noise Don's eyes popped open, I just smiled at him as I slapped her ass again. With that, she let out one tremendous grunt and as I felt her cunt tighten up around my cock, I shoved into her so that my dick was pushing against her cervix and began to unleash a load of semen, the second to bathe the walls of her pussy that night.

As she slipped off from me, the amount of cum that leaked from her amazed me. I had never seen so much. She whispered in my ear that she was going to take a quick shower. By the time she was back, Don was fast asleep so we lay down in the other bed and snuggled up together. She looked me in the eyes and asked me what I thought, and I said, "You were great" and gave her a big kiss on the lips. Shortly after that, I dozed off with my love in my arms.

Sometime later that night, I dreamed that my cock was being sucked. I opened my eyes to find out it really was, sunlight was peaking around the edges of the curtain and I looked down to see my fiancée standing off the side of the bed, bent over licking and sucking me. Behind her Don was standing, holding onto her hips for support as he slid in and out, but that's another story. . .