 My fiancé Jill and I had been together for about 4 years when the incident I am about to share took place. We had both been married before, as well as having spent some time after our respective divorces as singles. During those years we both had our share of sexual partners, including some rather risqué adventures that we liked to relive together while in the heat of the moment. 

We had met on one of the internet dating sites, and spent many hours on the phone getting to know each other before going out. She lived in St Augustine, about an hour away from where I lived on my boat at the time. 

Jill is very pretty with long blonde hair and blue eyes. She is 5'7 and about 140 lbs. She has a small tight ass, and nice C cups with pretty pink nipples. I was immediately taken by both her looks, and her bubbly personality. 

I am 6' and 210, fairly buff, with mostly brown hair with just a touch of grey around the temples, and a short neatly trimmed beard. We are both in our early 50's, but we stay in shape, and are fortunate to look and feel much younger. 

Anyway back to the story. Jill and I have a great sex life. Since moving in together, we usually have sex at least 5 times a week. We like nothing better than spending an evening teasing and pleasing one another for hours. We dabble with light bondage, fantasy roll play etc to keep things interesting.

As I mentioned earlier, we like talking about our past adventures while in bed together. Hearing about some of the things that she has done with other men really gets me going. Something about her being so wanton. Sucking and fucking some guy that she dated, even while knowing that she wasn't interested in seeing him again, just made me crazy with lust for her.

Not surprisingly, having the kind of relationship where we felt safe sharing our kinky adventures, we also liked talking about, and sometimes acting out our fantasies. We also liked reading the stories on Literotica together. One subject that always gets us both excited is that of a sexy wife going into a bar alone, while hubby watches discretely from close by as she picks up a stranger to fuck. 

One night after reading one of these stories and fucking like crazed rabbits, I filled her tight little shaved pussy with my hot cum. I am also turned on by the idea of eating her fresh cream pie, however usually after I cum the desire to do that quickly fades. 

However this time the thought of another man filling her had me so turned on that I never fully lost my erection. I was still throbbing as I slid down between her legs and began teasing her hard little clit with my tongue. 

The smell and taste of our mingled juices was intoxicating, and soon I had my tongue buried as deep as I could in her messy little channel. She was soon grinding on my face and moaning, while telling me to eat the cum from her naughty little slit. I loved the dirty talk, and it wasn't long until she came hard on my face. I lapped at her opening like a hungry puppy, as my cum was squeezed from deep inside her.

After fucking again, as we lay there in the afterglow, she turned to me sleepily and asked if I was really that turned on at the thought of seeing her fuck another man. I had to admit that I was, although the idea actually brought up a mixture of feelings, from excitement to jealousy. I laid awake long after she fell asleep trying to sort out my feelings, while fantasizing that the woman in the story we had read was her.

The subject would come up occasionally after that, and each time she seemed to get wetter and more enthusiastic, however it still remained just a fantasy. Afterwards she admitted that it turned her on, but said that she would never risk our relationship.

That is how things remained until last Thursday night, when we drove down to Daytona during Biketoberfest. We went to a place called Saints and Sinners, that had a big party going on in the outdoor parking area. There was a band playing, a stripper pole, and lot's of scantily clad MILF's dancing and having a good time. 

Jill was dressed in a little black leather dress for the occasion, that had front snaps from top to bottom. Sexy black stockings, heels, and little frilly white panties completed her ensemble. She left her bra at home. She looked like a wet dream with her long blonde hair blowing in the breeze. A fact that wasnt lost on the guys in our vicinity.

Anyway, we had been having a good time drinking, and dancing, and making out like teenagers for about an hour. She was teasing me about which of the MILF's I would be taking home if she wasn't there, and even teasingly offering to help me pick one up. 

I spotted a couple that were doable, but none that compared with the sexy lady by my side. Naturally, I asked her the same about the guys there. She spotted a tall young guy in a white shirt, that looked a lot like Tim Tebow that she thought was hot. But the MILF's were all swarming around him like flies on s%!#. 

With a couple more drinks, I was half expecting her to swoop in and steal him out from under their noses. When our drinks ran dry, I decided to go inside the bar for more, since the outside bartenders only accepted cash. There was a line at the bar, and it took me some time to get the bartenders attention. 

When I walked back out, I didn't see Jill where I had left her. After scanning the area I finally spotted her talking to a tall dark haired guy. He was probably mid 30's, about 6'4", well built with long dark hair and a beard. He was a little scraggly looking to me, but she later said he reminded her of Khal Drogo from Game of Thrones.

We didn't know at the time, but he was the front man with a band from Nashville that had been playing there earlier in the afternoon. She seemed to be having a good time, and he was certainly enjoying the attention, so I decided to hang back and see what would happen. It didn't take long. 

She was standing close to him, when another guy walked up behind her and squeezed her ass. The tall singer, (I later found out his name was Dave) quickly told the guy to fuck off, and sent him on his way. It was then that I saw Jill lean in and tilt her hear back for a kiss.

Dave didn't hesitate. He lifted her off her feet, as they kissed like lovers. I have to admit that jealousy almost got the best of me for a minute. I almost walked over to break it up. When the kiss ended I saw Jill look around and spot me watching her.  

She winked and then leaned in and said something that I couldn't hear to Dave, but I did see a big smile on his face, as well as hers. She motioned for me to come over, and introduced me to her new friend. Dave was a little wary when she introduced me as her fiancé, however he was friendly and polite as we shook hands. 

Up close, I could see that underneath the hair and beard he was a nice looking guy. As she took her drink from me, she whispered that she had just offered to blow Dave in the lot where we had parked nearby. I was a little shocked to tell the truth, and I wasn't sure if she was telling the truth or just messing with me. Either way I felt my cock growing inside my jeans. 

She said that she had told him that she was there with me, but that we had discussed doing something like this if the right opportunity ever occurred, and that I was fine with it. At the moment I wasn't sure if I was or not, but when she squeezed my stiff cock through my jeans, I couldn't very well deny being turned on. 

Meanwhile Dave had turned around and was talking to some of his band mates. I grinned at her and said, "I dare you", knowing full well she can't pass up a challenge. With an evil grin, she took Dave by his big hand and led him away towards the somewhat hidden spot where we had parked near a couple of buses. 

She glanced back with a wicked smile and licked her lips, as they disappeared around the corner. I waited for a couple of minutes, sipping my Patron, before following them. I wanted to make sure that she was safe, and of course my throbbing hard cock wouldn't allow me to do anything else.

As I rounded the corner, I stopped when I spotted Dave leaning on the hood of our SUV. Jill was on her knees in front of him, and I could just make out her blonde hair, as her head bobbed back and forth on what appeared to be a very impressive cock.

I knew from experience how good her hot little mouth could make a man feel, and it looked like she was totally into what she was doing. My heart was racing as I slipped around behind one of the buses to get a closer view.

When I peeked around the front of the bus, Jill was lustfully licking up and down what looked like a good 9" of stiff meat. From where I was hidden in the shadows about 20 feet away, I could see her saliva was hanging from his shaft and dripping down her chin, as she swallowed as much as she could take of his massive member. Her jaws were stretched wide, as she bobbed up and down his shaft. 

Dave had a look of pure lust on his face, as he wrapped his hand in her hair and encouraged her to take more of his dick into her throat. 

It was obvious from the way that he was pumping his hips and moaning that he wasn't going to last much longer. I saw him start to shake and quiver, as Jill stroked his shaft with her left hand, while she held the head inside her mouth. Her engagement ring twinkled in the light, as her cheeks bulged. I realized that she was trying to swallow his warm cum, but some of it leaked down her chin onto her black leather dress. 

My cock was so hard from the erotic scene I was witnessing, that I was afraid that if I touched it I would cum in my jeans.

Jill stood up and attempted to wipe the white cum stains from her dress, as Dave stuffed his cock back in his pants. She then gave him a messy open mouthed kiss.

I found myself more jealous of the kiss than of her sucking him off. I think it was the intimacy that they shared, along with the fact that I was dying to kiss her myself, and taste what a naughty girl she had been.

I turned to walk back to the bar before they caught me watching, although my hard on was still pressing against the front of my jeans, and the friction of walking wasn't helping it go away. I couldn't get the picture of her swallowing his cum out of my head. 

The current band was taking a break as I walked back up, and I noticed the guy who had grabbed Cindy's ass earlier talking to a couple of other guys. I strolled over close enough to eavesdrop, and realized that they were talking about the blonde slut that Dave had taken to the parking lot. 

They were laughing about how he always seemed to get the girls with no apparent effort. A muscular blonde haired guy laughed and said that once the slut saw his cock, she would be down for anything. 

After about 10 minutes had passed I was beginning to worry, since they still hadn't reappeared, so I started walking back towards the car where I had left them. When I rounded the corner they were nowhere to be seen.

I frantically looked around the parking area, before going back to the bar to see if I had somehow missed them. After a lap around the area there was still no sign of Jill. I tried texting and then calling her , but there was no response.

I Was getting frantic trying to decide what I should do, when I saw the group that was talking earlier heading towards the same parking lot where I last saw Jill. Having few options, I decided to follow them and see if they led me to her. The guy who had grabbed her ass earlier saw me as I rounded the corner, and they all stopped and waited as I approached. 

One of them asked if I was the cute blonde's husband. I said that I was her fiancé. They seemed to be worried that I might start some trouble, but I assured them that I was cool with what had happened, and that I was just worried that she hadn't returned yet. There was a look that passed between the guys, and apparently they decided that I was ok, or at least that the 4 of them could handle me if I wasn't. 

The blonde haired guy said that Dave had probably taken her to the bus, and that they were headed there as well. I fell in step with them as my stomach fluttered nervously, wondering what I might find on the tour bus.

As we approached the bus, the guy who had grabbed her ass pulled out a key and we all filed in. As soon as I got inside I could hear Jill.

She was moaning and jabbering unintelligibly, and I knew from experience that she was in the process of cumming very hard! The only other sound was that of wet flesh slapping together, and low moans from Dave. I felt a lump in my throat as it sank in that she was being fucked in the back of the tour bus as 4 other guys listened. 

One of the guys pulled out a joint and lit it, then passed it to me. I hit it and passed it on, as the guys laughed and talked quietly. Apparently they didn't want to disturb the lovers in the back of the bus. They were laughing about how "Big Dave" was giving it to her good, and saying she must be a hot little piece of ass, because she was taking all he could give her and begging for more. 

It was true, she was whimpering and begging him to fuck her harder as their pace increased. He was slamming her with such force that I could feel the bus moving with each thrust. It was about then that I heard Dave growl like a bear, and the slapping slowed and eventually stopped. 

Jill was still moaning, begging him to fill her pussy with his hot cum. I felt like my head was going to explode with the rush of feelings assaulting my brain in rapid fashion. Anxiety, jealousy, guilt and even a touch of anger flooded my mind, even though I knew full well she was just fulfilling our fantasy. 

Even with all of the negative emotions, my cock was straining against my fly, as stiff as I have ever been. That's when I noticed that I wasn't alone. The other guys were also sporting big erections of their own. A couple of them were slowly rubbing them through their jeans, and it had gotten really quiet, except for the music someone had turned on. 

We could hear Jill and Dave talking quietly, then the bedroom door opened and Dave stepped out to use the head. He was still naked, and his semi hard erection glistening with their combined juices. 

Past him I could see Cindy laying naked on the big king sized bed, with her legs still spread and a messy puddle of his spunk collecting between her legs. As I stood there not quite sure what to say, Jimmy (the drummer) started for the back of the bus. 

Jill looked up as he approached, and that's when she saw me there with the others. She gave me a guilty, questioning look, that said OMG what have I done? I could see the relief on her face as I gave her an accepting smile, just as he entered the bedroom. She mouthed "I love you" just before he blocked my view.

Jimmy was already shedding his clothes, as I quietly followed him to the bedroom, followed closely by the other 3 guys. It was a tight space, with a king sized bed and a mirrored headboard. Cindy was quite a sight. Her hair was all disheveled, her pussy was still red and gaping open, with thick white cum running down the crack of her ass. Her makeup was smeared, especially her lipstick, and she had a dreamy look in her eyes.

Jimmy and the other guys stripped and began climbing into the bed all around her. As she opened her hot little mouth to let Jimmy slip his dick in it, one of the others crawled between her legs and unceremoniously shoved his stiff cock into her well used pussy. I heard her moan around the cock in her mouth, as he slid in to his balls with no apparent resistance from her once tight pussy.

I finally woke up and started to strip too, but by now all of the guys were surrounding her. She had a stiff cock in each hand, one in her mouth, and one in her swollen pussy. The guy in her pussy started slamming into her faster and faster as he got close. I saw him shove his swollen cock as deep as it would go and hold it there, while his balls drew up tight as he emptied his cum into her already messy pussy. 

Jill let the cock in her mouth slip out as she started cumming hard, but Jimmy wasn't having it. He grabbed her head and forced his cock back into her mouth just as he let go. I saw the first stream splash across her face and hair, as she opened up to let him back in her mouth. The rest she let shoot on her tongue and into her mouth, before swallowing it down. She put on a show that any porn star would have envied. Cum was in her hair and all over her chin and cheeks.

The other two had been temporarily forgotten, but as their friends finished up and moved away they took their places on each end of her. I saw that he guy behind her had a pretty massive cock himself, as he flipped her over and lifted her up on her knees. It wasn't quite as long as Dave's, but it looked like it was as big around as a beer can. 

I watched fascinated as he rubbed the fat head up and down her juicy slit. When he pushed the head in she started to moan again. Even though she was slick with cum, and already stretched from all the fucking, it still took him about 30 seconds to get it all the way in. 

He slowly pushed his way in an inch at a time. Each time he withdrew, the shaft would come out slick and shiny. I could see her lips stretched tight around his massive shaft pull out, before he plunged back in. 

The other guy laid down so that his dripping hard cock was sticking straight up under her, right below her mouth. She was eventually able to compose herself enough to suck it. She did her best, but I could tell that she was having a hard time concentrating.

The guy behind her was merciless as he pounded her deep with his big fat dick. Her eyes were rolling back in her head with pleasure, as he slammed into her poor defenseless pussy. 

It wasn't long before the guy in her mouth let out a growl and emptied his heavy balls into her throat. She had no choice but to swallow all he had to give her, but still some ran back out onto his balls.

Now that he was done she could concentrate on the fucking that she was getting. She was meeting every thrust, slamming her cunt against the guys belly. The cum from the other guys was being forced out each time he slid in. 

She was moaning and crying out, as her pussy squeezed his thick cock in another intense orgasm. I guess this was too much for him, because he groaned and started to shake as his balls drew up tight. He pumped her full for the third time, before finally pulling out and spraying long thick streams of white cum all over her ass and back. 

Jill collapsed into a hot mess of goo, as he got up and followed the others out of the room. He was thoughtful enough to close the door as he left, giving us some privacy.

As I looked down at my future bride, I was suddenly filled with pride at how she had drained every one of the guys and left them with a night they would never forget. My cock was still throbbing and slick with precum, but before I slid it home I knew what I had to do.

I rolled my exhausted lover onto her back again. I crawled in beside her, and she gave me an exhausted smile, no doubt wondering if she had gone too far with our fantasy. I leaned down and kissed her then, tasting the evidence of her lusty encounter as our tongues danced together. 

I experienced a rush of unbridled lust, as my naughty lover shared the salty flavor of her lovers with me. I then worked my way down her body, stopping to suck each of her swollen nipples, before moving lower and flicking my tongue over her hard clit. She jumped as it made contact, then started to gyrate her hips as my tongue found her stretched hole. 

Her lips were all red and swollen, and cum was running out in a steady stream onto the bed. I leaned in and ran my tongue from her cute little asshole, all the way through her messy swollen pussy, to her clit. She grabbed my hair and forced my face into her as she ground against me, almost making it impossible to breathe. 
