 I tried to look around to see what was happening behind me, but could not see much except that Geoff had moved aside, and that Rick had taken his place right behind me.

I was fully expecting to feel Rick's cock entering me from behind, but at first all I could feel was his warm breath on my bum cheeks and his hands pulling them apart. Then the sensation of his tongue flicking and licking around the sides of my pussy, Babs saying 'That's it Rick, get her all nicely cleaned up.' 

His tongue was all over the place back there, moving onto my bum cheeks, soon moving onto my pussy lips, then a few gentle licks just inside my pussy, followed by a long, lingering lick upwards from my pussy into the crack of my bum and up to my anus.

Here Rick started to circle my anus with his tongue, round and round, it was driving me wild, I'd never experienced anything like this before, the sensation was amazing.

I was still on my hands and knees, my arms were starting to really ache by now, I changed position slightly, my head right down on the Twister mat, my arms out in front of me, my ass right up in the air now. Rick definitely appreciated this move, pulling my bum cheeks right open this time, his tongue returning to my anus. Round and round his tongue went again and again, then suddenly I could feel his tongue tip starting to go just inside my anus, his breathing becoming heavier by the second.

Babs was still hovering around back there, watching the action close up, next thing I heard her say 'Hey Rick, looks like she's opening up for you.' I was not really sure about what she meant by that, but quickly found out as suddenly his tongue went right inside me. I could not help but gasp as this happened, another first for me! And wow, how nice it felt, and the muffled noises coming from Rick meant that he was certainly enjoying it too.

After only a couple of minutes of this delicious attention, Babs said 'OK Rick, that's enough, you've done the cleaning up,' at which he leaned back and said 'Hey Geoff, how about a drinks break?' Well, I'd been down on the Twister mat for about an hour by now, and to be fair, I was getting desperate for another gin and tonic, but in some ways it would have been lovely to have Rick continue that kind of treatment! I was very frustrated that he hadn't continued that for at least a few minutes longer!

Refreshments were duly taken by all as we drifted back into the kitchen dining area, my only problem being that I could not find my panties, which of course had been discarded earlier in the proceedings! I did ask Geoff if he knew where they were, he said 'no' but it was obvious by the cheeky smirk on his face that he knew exactly where my panties were!

Oh well, it was no big deal, even if it meant I was panty-less for the rest of the evening.

Over a very large G&T, several of the guys congratulated me on my initiation 'performance', it seemed very weird to be taking the plaudits with Steve standing next to me... I was even kind of embarrassed somehow! But I couldn't help but giggle a little!

Babs soon has us all back in the lounge again, I took a seat next to Steve, carefully holding my skirt in place (due to my lack of knickers!) and I suppose we were both wondering, with great excitement, what was going to happen next.

Geoff stood up and thanked all of us for returning promptly, and announced that it was now time to play the 'Bus Stop' game. Well, I'd never heard of this before and wondered what it was, but Geoff came around the room, randomly distributing pink tickets to the females and blue tickets to the males. 

My ticket was number six, I held it tight in my hand, while Steve showed me that he had number 3. It was not complicated, nor rocket science, the idea was that the we had to wander around the room and find out who held the same numbered ticket in either pink or blue.

It only took a few minutes for me to discover that I had been paired with a guy called Frank, a lean, tall guy of about 45-50 years old, with a distinct glint in his eye. 'Well, aren't I the lucky guy tonight,' he said as we held out our matching tickets. The only thing I could think of saying was 'Well Frank, maybe you are,' while considering that I was a couple of decades younger than him!

Everyone paired off around the room, settling down on the sofas and two 'couples' had to share lounge chairs, of course the two females sitting on the laps of the two males.

Frank and I had luckily found plenty of room on one of the sofas, which we had all to ourselves sitting side by side, and it didn't take Frank very long to make the first move, him leaning over and whispering, 'A little birdie told me that you have lost your panties this evening Vicky, is that correct?'

'Well Frank, you will just have to find out for yourself, won't you,' as I returned his steely-eyed gaze back into his eyes. He smiled strongly at me, as his gaze slowly moved down from my face, stopping briefly on my chest area, then eventually down to the hem of my skirt which was already quite high and revealing my stocking tops and suspender clips.

Frank's hand took hold of the fabric of my skirt, slowly sliding it further upwards, as he started to lean forwards, his eyes firmly focused as the tops of my white thighs came into view. Slowly he pulled the fabric up even further, and he leaned even further forwards, then the huge grin on his face as my waxed, smooth pussy was revealed to him. 'Oh my my, Vicky,' he said, 'seems like the little birdie was correct about the disappearing panties! You really are a very naughty girl this evening!'

I thought he was just about to touch me in that area, but I was mistaken - his other arm went around my neck and shoulders and swiftly he pulled right over onto him.. before I knew it I was positioned face to face with my knees astride him, wondering just how much flesh I was showing to the other people behind me in the room, or would they have even noticed in any case.

I quickly reached behind me and made sure my skirt was not revealing more than I should, fortunately it seemed that it wasn't. Frank didn't seem too bothered about that as his hands turned their attention to unfastening the buttons of my blouse. He soon had all the buttons unfastened, he pulled the front of the blouse wide open, his head buried in my cleavage and my bra cups, his hands had moved to my back as he pulled me harder into his face, his hot breath breezing over my breasts and nipples, I could not prevent myself from grabbing both cups of my bra and releasing both breasts for the attention of his lips and tongue.

As I sat astride Frank, my vulva area was directly pressuring his crotch, it was clear that he now had an erection down there, while he paid close attention to my breasts, I was sliding my vulva up and down against his erection, backwards and forwards, even bouncing up and down slightly occasionally. It was easy to notice that his erection had grown substantially during the last few minutes, and I was becoming more and more turned on by the minute.

His face was still buried in my boobs, which were slopping wet with the saliva from his tongue, however one of his hands then made contact with the insides of my upper thighs. I raised myself a few inches from his crotch as I thought he was about to start fingering me, but no... he was unfastening the top button and then the zip of his shorts!

Frank groaned slightly as his penis sprang free from his shorts, and taking one of his hands from my back he lifted the front of my skirt slightly, gazing down between my thighs. 'Well Vicky,' he said, 'would you take a look of what you've done to me down there,' as his grin grew broader and intense.

I looked down but could not see much as the front of my skirt was hiding the view from my angle, so I reached down and pulled the front of the skirt way right up, I suppose also fully revealing my pussy to him as well.

His penis looked to be fully erect as it laid there flat against the centre of his lower stomach, the engorged purple tip must have been at least two or three inches past his belly button. Hmmmmm, I thought, now that looks a nice size!

Both his hands quickly returned to my back, this time he was fumbling with my bra clip, trying, unsuccessfully, to unfasten it. I thought it would be best if I helped him - guys can be a bit clumsy with such things - reaching behind me, unclipping the bra, the front falling loose, my boobs now full free from support, the front of my blouse still fully unfastened.

Frank then started pulling the blouse free from my shoulders, I dropped my arms so it was easier for him to pull it right off, quickly followed by my bra, which he pulled off and threw to one side, his head quickly buried in my boobs and cleavage again, licking, sucking and nibbling away on my nipples.

Looking down, I could still see the purple tip of his cock, now glistening with pre-cum, and started to lower my vulva area back onto him, pushing hard at him, the width of his cock shaft parting my pussy lips and arousing my clitoris, which was tingling already.

I started to slide my pussy lips up and down the length of his cock shaft, somehow it's length seemed never-ending, it seemed to go on forever.

Just then I suddenly felt a hand on my left bum cheek... somehow I had already guessed it was Babs again, as Frank's hands were each holding onto my hips, and as I turned my head around I saw that I was correct. 'You two enjoying yourselves down there?' she asked as she stood beside us.

Frank's head was still buried in my boobs, just a muffled response from him, I not knowing quite what to say except for 'Well Frank is for sure,' was the best I could come up with.

'Well, let me help you two along a bit,' Babs said, while forcing her other hand right between my legs and grabbing hold of Frank's cock. 'Mmmmm Frank... she's really done the trick for you, hasn't she?' At last Frank raised his head from my breasts and kind of gasped 'Jees Babs, this one's a real cracker isn't she?'

I felt and heard a loud slap on my bum, as Babs told me to lift my crotch up off Frank's cock, so I did as she asked and her hand fully took hold of his cock, holding it upwards.

'I'll have to help you two with this Vicky, you've got him really excited, I don't think I've ever seen him so big and hard. At that I felt the tip of Frank's cock touching my pussy lips, my involuntary downward thrust pushing gently onto him, I gasped as his tip entered me and Frank moaned 'Oh fuck' as he closed his eyes as his cock felt the heat and wetness of my pussy closing around his rock hard erection.

Babs still had tight hold of his cock, I could feel her hand wanking his cock up and down, her hand pumping upwards, touching against my swollen and sensitive pussy lips. 'Come on Vicky,' she encouraged, 'you'll have to lower your self down onto this monster... you'll never have had one this size before have you...'

Certainly agreed about that, as I gently lowered myself onto Frank's cock the feeling was amazing, not uncomfortable at all, just a wonderful sensation my pussy feeling so full, even with Babs was still stroking what was still exposed of his huge cock.

Frank's heavy breathing was becoming more and more prominent, several utterances of 'Oh fuck, fuck, fuck', as I lowered myself onto him even further. At this point Bab's hand released hold of the lower shaft of his cock, he thrust upwards very firmly, a huge grunt from him as his cock pushed right into me, our pubic mounds crashing hard onto one another.

To be fair, I did expect Frank to be a bit of a 'stayer', so I was really surprised when he started to cum... he hardly uttered a word as I felt his semen flooded into me - I think he was a bit embarrassed that he'd cum so quickly. Babs noticed some of his cum trickling down his cock shaft as I was still sliding up and down on him, she shouted around to the room, 'hey guys, come look at this'. Next thing I knew there are 3 or 4 other couples right behind me watching, Babs pulling my ass cheeks right wide for them to see.

I continued sliding up and down on his cock, it felt like he was still cumming somehow, I could feel his cum settling into the base are of his cock shaft, his hot sperm rubbing against my pussy lips, the couples watching in almost total silence.

I felt the hardness of his cock start to fade away, so started to raise my hips upwards so I could slide off it... it was kind of funny that as his cock tip finally came out of my pussy that I heard a 'pop' sound as it did so. That certainly also made the peeps behind me and Babs giggle!

Now that Frank's cock had exited me, I could feel more of his cum sliding out of me... Babs seemed fascinated by that, she put her hand on my pussy lips once more and started to rub his sperm into me, it was so sloppy and hot down there. I looked down between my legs, as I expected my clitoris was almost dangling out in full expectation of further action, I didn't really know what to do about that... did they want me to masturbate for those watching?