 (All persons engaged in sexual activity in this story are over 18 years old. Any similarities between this story and real people are purely coincidental)

Please read Pt. 1 first to get the story outline.

*****

When Tom's stepmother asked Karen to take her and his dad to the airport for their weeklong vacation to Europe, Tom began thinking about the possibilities of being alone with Amber. The airport was at least 45 minutes away, giving him 1 ½ hours with her alone. Of course, Amber could just blow him off and hang out at the pool by herself, completely ignoring him for those 90 long minutes. But given her behavior so far - giving him sly smiles, spreading her legs for him at the pool, and wearing revealing t-shirts that exposed the tops of her breasts - he guessed that she wouldn't. Whether she acted on those teases was another thing. 

Maybe she'd ramp up the tease with Karen away, taking off her bikini top and asking him to rub her back, knowing that her tits were just inches away from him, and her ass spilling out of her tight bikini bottom within view and also inches away from his touch and his tongue. That would drive him crazy and probably into the house to jerk off, fantasizing about pulling down her bikini bottom and slathering his tongue all over her ass cheeks and her asshole while she rubbed her cunt from below. Then he would turn her over and slide his hard cock between her tits slick with suntan lotion until her shot a load of cum on them. 

And Amber would know he would be jerking off while thinking about her hot body because she had driven him to it on purpose. So it would be an afternoon of more teasing or an afternoon of actual touching. Of course he hoped for the latter because it already had been four days of teasing and it was driving him crazy.

***

Amber began to plan as soon as she heard Karen say yes to her mom's request, though she thought Karen didn't want to do it, for various reasons, one of which was that she didn't want to leave her alone with her stepbrother. Amber could tell that Karen knew she had been checking out Tom at the pool and elsewhere. And she had been complaining to Karen how horny she was, surprising even her how explicit she was in telling Karen what she wanted: she wanted to suck a cock, wanted to feel a tongue in her cunt, wanted to be fucked from behind while she rubbed her clit, and other activities she craved. Karen typically responded, 'yeah, that sounds good, I need that too,' with some conviction. Karen wasn't as free to use words like cock and cunt but Amber knew that she too badly wanted sex. Too much skin, and beer and weed, at the pool the past 3-4 days. 

She had heard Karen masturbating one morning when she went by her room to say good morning. She had stood outside her door, hearing low moans from within until she heard Karen gasp and say "oh my god..." Amber herself had just come from rubbing her clit while she slid her favorite dildo deep inside her aching cunt. She was on her stomach with her ass in the air, her finger frigging her clit while her breasts rubbed against the sheet. She had put one cunt-slicked finger in her ass right before she came. The feeling of a finger in her ass and the dildo in her cunt was intense, made more so by her imagining Tom's cock was in her mouth, all three holes filled at the same time; having a cock in each of her three holes was one of her favorite fantasies, a fantasy that never failed to drive her to orgasm. 

***

Karen was not happy about taking her parents to the airport, even as she was both glad to see them finally get a vacation and glad to have them leave so they could party more openly, especially in the pool, which was totally private; if Tom wasn't around she and Amber could sunbathe nude and get rid of their tan lines, which really bugged both of them. She also wondered what would happen between Amber and Tom, if they would start having sex as soon as she left. It was a possibility, judging from the looks Amber gave Tom this morning. 

Karen had heard Amber playing with her dildo in the morning, standing outside her room after using the bathroom. The buzzing sound and Amber's soft moans had turned Karen on and when she got back to her room she began masturbating, rubbing her clit while sliding two fingers into her pussy. She didn't have a toy like Amber did, but she would have to get one, as Amber's orgasm sounded really intense. Karen had fantasized about a big cock sliding in and out of her aching cunt while she frigged her clit and lightly pinched her nipples. 

She was lost in these thoughts on the way to the airport, occasionally asking her parents about the itinerary and answering their questions about keeping the house in good order. "No parties, I understand, Mom," she said. "We'll be fine. I'll email you every once in awhile. Send some photos!" 

After dropping them off, she hurried home, not wanting to give Amber and Tom too much time to be alone, even hoping that if she was quiet going into the house she might surprise them in the middle of having sex. That thought made her pussy throb a little bit. Perhaps she would hear them upstairs fucking and moaning. She'd creep up the stairs and stand outside the bedroom where they were, and if they left the door open she would watch them fuck, or whatever they would be doing. She lightly rubbed her panties underneath her sundress and was surprised to feel a wet spot. She was so fucking horny even after masturbating that morning. 

***

By the time Karen was ready to leave for the airport Amber was feeling horny again, salivating, almost literally, at the prospects of seducing Tom as soon as Karen and her parents left the driveway. She needed an actual cock inside her, first in her mouth and then in her cunt. She wasn't sure about taking a cock in her ass, something she'd never tried before. But the feeling of her finger in her ass that morning was surprisingly exciting to her. 

After they left, Amber changed into a thong bikini she hadn't worn before, not wanting to alarm Karen's parents. She sauntered through the living room where Tom was playing a video game and announced she was going to sunbathe outside, asking him if he wanted to join her. Tom tried to be nonchalant and said sure, why not? Amber also asked if he wanted to smoke a joint now that his parents had left. It was almost five, happy hour, she said. He said 'sure, why not' again. He was ready for anything, it seemed to Amber. 

She lay down on a pool lounger and waited for Tom to come out. He emerged soon after in his suit and with a joint. They each had a few hits and then Amber turned over onto her stomach, undid the strings to her bikini top, and asked Tom to rub suntan lotion into her back. Again trying not to sound too excited, he said sure and began to rub lotion onto her neck and back, tentatively at first but then with more pressure when Amber said that it felt good. He straddled her ass, though without touching her, which was difficult because he had a massive erection from actually touching Amber and knowing that if she flipped over he would finally see her tits. 

Thinking he was finished, he began to get off the lounger, hoping to get to a nearby chair before Amber saw his hard-on through his swimsuit. But Amber asked him to continue rubbing lotion into her body. 

"Keep going, please. I don't want my butt or legs to get baked in this sun, Tom."

"Ok, sure, if you want me to," he replied, trying not to stammer.

He resumed his rubbing, barely touching the cheeks of her ass that poked out of her thong bottom. 

"You can rub harder, Tom, make sure you cover everything with the lotion," she sighed.

Tom began coating her ass with lotion and then spread it down to her thighs and calves. When he began rubbing it into her upper thighs, Amber began to writhe a little bit on the lounger, moving her hips up and down on the chair, and sighing gently. "That's great, Tom, thank you," she cooed. 

Tom had been straddling her legs, though he had somehow managed to avoid poking her body with his erection. When he stood up, Amber immediately turned over and looked up at him with a big smile on her face.

"Why Tom, what do we have here? There is something big in your bathing suit, isn't there," she said slyly. 

Tom could only stare at Amber's tits, finally exposed to his vision. He had seen a lot of women's breasts watching porn, many of them too big to be attractive. Amber's were medium-sized with small erect nipples. His cock was already rock hard, but it began to throb in his suit when he saw Amber's tits just a few feet away. 

Amber shimmied down the lounger until her face was even with Tom's crotch. She yanked down his suit, freeing his penis. 

"Mmmm, what a beautiful cock you have. It's not too big, but a really good size. Perfect to slide into my mouth." 

Amber reached out to take it in her right hand and began to inspect it before flicking out her tongue on his head. She began to give it short licks like she would an ice cream cone, focusing just on the head as she lightly stroked his shaft with her hand. Tom moaned when she eased the head of his cock into her mouth. 

"I'm going to cum if you keep doing that, Amber," he said, already on the verge after days of fantasies of being with Amber.

"That's ok. I want you to cum, I want you shoot your big load in my mouth, Tom. I've been dying to suck your cock all week, " she said, her mouth stuffed with just his cockhead. 

She began stroking his shaft harder and then began to take more of his meat into her mouth. Suddenly Tom's cum began to spurt, as he shoved his cock deep in her mouth. She gagged once, swallowing most of his big load, a wad of it escaping her mouth to land on her left breast. She resumed sucking his cock, milking it of the cum that Tom had dreamed about unloading in her mouth and on her tits.

"Wow, Tom, that was a huge load of cum," she said, looking up at him, licking her lips, which glistened with the final strand of his load. "And it tasted so good, better than I imagined it." Then she lay back on the lounger, took off her thong bottom, and opened her thighs wide. 

"Now it's my turn, Tom. I want you to eat my cunt. Eat my cunt until I cum in your mouth."

Amber began to rub her pussy, which was sopping wet. Tom hesitated, having never done that to a girl before, but then got on his knees between her thighs and pressed his mouth to her cunt, slowly licking up and down between her slick lips until he reached her clit, which made Amber buck her hips and moan. Amber lightly pinched her hard nipples and rubbed her breasts while he ate her.

"That's it, that's the spot, right there, Tom. That drives me crazy," she cried.

Tom resumed licking her wet slit, while putting pressure on her clit, which he felt become harder with his licking. He nibbled it gently, making Amber moan even louder. She had an interesting taste, somewhat salty. Suddenly Amber grabbed his head and pulled it into her, forcing his tongue deeper into her cunt, his upper lip mashed against her engorged clit. She began to convulse and cry out as she came, bucking her hips to meet Tom's tongue. "Jesus, I'm going to cum."

"Fuck, that was amazing, Tom," she said, after catching her breath. Looking down at him and his face, which was covered with her juices, she smiled and told him she had an incredible orgasm. Wanting to build up his confidence, and inspire him to eat her again, she said he was a pro at eating pussy. Tom grinned, licking his lips, and told her he would eat her anytime she wanted him to. He was thrilled that he made her cum, the first time he had done that. 

***

Karen pulled into the driveway about 6 p.m. after a seemingly endless drive dominated by lurid thoughts about Amber and Tom having sex. Her pussy had ached the whole ride and she had had to resist the temptation to rub it through her panties while she drove, which would have counted as distracted driving. She quietly closed the car door, thinking she would sneak up on them in the middle of Amber giving Tom a blowjob or the two of them fucking. She crept into the house, listening for sounds. Hearing nothing, she headed to the pool. 

Amber was lying on one of the lounge chairs in a skimpy thong she'd never seen, headphones on, a beer in her hand. Tom was nowhere to be seen. Amber smiled and waved.

"Hey, how was the drive to the airport?" she asked.

"It was fine. Where's Tom," Karen said, strangely disappointed that they hadn't hooked up after all.

"He rode his bike to a friend's to buy some pot for us. He'll be back soon," Amber explained. "Have a beer, get a suit on, let's chill, girl!" 

Amber looked very relaxed, and sexy in her thong. Karen had found herself eyeing her body over the past few days, wondering what it would be like to touch her breasts, and maybe lick her pussy. They had played in the pool together last night, occasionally hugging and, after many beers, kissing before breaking away. 

Karen had woken up thinking about those kisses, and the feeling of Amber's breasts on hers and Amber's hands stroking her ass in the water, all of which made her wet.

"What have you guys been up to in my absence," Karen asked, trying not to make it an interrogation.

"Not much, just chillin' by the pool, waiting for you to get back," Amber said nonchalantly. 

She wanted to tell Karen the real story, that she had gotten incredibly turned on when Tom rubbed suntan lotion onto her ass cheeks and her thighs, that she had decided then to give him the blowjob of his life and suck his cock until he filled her mouth with cum, then instructed him to eat her cunt until she did the same, that her stepbrother gave her an amazing orgasm with his tongue while she rubbed some of his cum into her tits. 

But she wasn't sure how Karen would take that. So for the time being, her liaisons with Tom would remain secret. She had told Tom after they had sex that after blowing him she really needed to feel his big cock inside her and they made plans to meet in Amber's bedroom at the end of the night since it was farther away from Karen's bedroom. 

Karen hurried off to change into her suit, trying to figure out if Amber had been telling the truth. Had they had sex? Amber seemed to be in a great mood. But maybe that was the beer and the pool. When she returned to the pool, she eyed Amber's near naked body once again.

"Jesus Amber, that suit doesn't leave much to the imagination, does it," Karen said with a laugh. "I bet Tom was staring at you the whole time he was here."

"Oh, he was. And you should have seen the look on his face when I asked him to rub suntan lotion on my back. He practically ran away afterwards so that I wouldn't see his big boner." Amber laughed at the thought. "I really don't want any tan lines so I'm hoping we can do some nude sunbathing together, if Tom goes somewhere tomorrow."

Karen got lost momentarily thinking about Tom rubbing lotion on Amber's back, with her ass cheeks spilling out of her thong bottom, her breasts agonizingly close to him after days of staring at her body. She wasn't sure what excited her more, the thought of watching Tom's cock getting hard while he finally touched Amber, or herself having the chance to rub lotion into Amber's back while she straddled Amber's ass. It would have been hard not to rub her pussy back and forth on her ass, turned on by the contact.

"Yeah, that would be great to sunbathe nude," Karen responded, thinking about the opportunity she'd have to be the one to apply sunscreen all over Amber's hot body. "I'll suggest he run to the store or visit a friend or something. He's fine to hang around with it but it'd fun for just us to hang out, you know."

"Definitely, we'll have some alone time tomorrow," Amber said, giving her a big smile. She then turned over on the chair, exposing her cheeks to Karen, who stared at Amber's ass and the tuft of pubic hair that poked around the string of her thong. 

As Amber spread her legs a bit Karen could make out the lips of her cunt, which glistened with moisture in the sun. Karen wondered if the talk of nude sunbathing had turned Amber on, or perhaps it was the thought of Tom's cock getting hard as he rubbed lotion into her. Perhaps both, Karen mused, her own cunt starting to moisten and throb from all those sexual scenarios.

***

The three of them spent the evening drinking beer and smoking Tom's new pot near the pool. Amber had changed into a regular bikini after showering before dinner, but she still looked hot. Karen was wearing her skimpiest bikini, now wanting to gain Amber's attention, though she noticed Tom trying his hardest not to stare at her big creamy tits, which flowed out of her bikini top. 

After several hours of hanging out together, having a good time, Tom yawned a few times and said he was going to bed. He said good night and staggered into the house, a bit wasted. Amber then yawned and said she was tired and was going to bed, too. But before she went inside she leaned down to give Karen a hug, and kissed her full on the lips.

"I'm looking forward to our sunbathing tomorrow," she said. "Just the two of us."

Karen returned the kiss, feeling Amber's breasts pressed against hers, sliding her hand into her bikini bottom to squeeze her ass. 

***

Karen had one final beer and then climbed the stairs to her bedroom, disappointed that nothing happened between her and Amber. She stripped to her panties and climbed into bed, feeling tired but also turned on by Amber's kissing her. 

Karen was nearly asleep when she heard a noise from down the hallway, almost a high-pitched cry. She got out of bed, wearing just her panties, and quietly crept down the hallway to Amber's room. She paused, standing outside with her ear pressed to the door. Inside she heard Amber tell Tom that her orgasm was really intense, the sound Karen had heard down the hall. "Now I need to finally feel that big cock in my cunt, Tom. I need you to fuck me, now. I've been wanting you all week," Amber said, still breathless from her orgasm. "Your cock is so hard, Tom."

Karen was pressed against the wall, ear at the door. Her right hand strayed down to her panties and began rubbing her pussy, already wet from her contact with Amber. She heard Tom moaning softly. Amber was probably stroking his cock, or sucking it. Then she heard the bed squeak, picturing Tom getting on top of Amber, and sliding his hard cock inside Amber's cunt, already soaking wet from Tom's licking. Tom began groaning as he pounded Amber's slippery hole.

"That's it Tom, just like that. Fuck me hard. Fill my tight cunt with your thick cock," Karen heard Amber say.

The sounds of fucking, of their bodies slapping together, and the image of Tom's cock ramming Amber's cunt turned Karen on. She began rubbing her pussy through her thin panties, which were soaked with her juices. 

After a few minutes, Karen heard Tom say, "I think I'm going to cum. You're so fucking tight."

"Don't stop, keep fucking me, I'm so close," Amber replied, breathing hard. 

Karen heard both of them moaning as they neared their orgasms. Karen too was close, two fingers reaming her pussy while she rubbed her clit, her panties now down at her ankles. She stifled a scream as her orgasm hit her, just before she heard Amber cry out that she was cumming. "Jesus, Tom, I'm cumming again." 

In the middle of her orgasm, Karen heard Tom grunt once and collapse on Amber; she pictured his cock spurting his load deep inside Amber's still spasming cunt, Amber's legs wrapped around his ass, forcing him deeper inside her as he came. 

Karen hurried back to her room, drained from her orgasm that was heightened by listening to Tom and Amber fuck.

***

Tom lay in bed the next morning, thinking about yesterday's extraordinary sequence of events. When his parents left for the airport with Karen, he was hoping Amber would initiate contact, not wanting to be rebuffed after all of his fantasies. When she came into the family room on the way to the pool, wearing this tiny thong that really showed off her tits, and asked him to join her, he was thinking it was going to happen. He had watched her walk out to the pool, the thong bottom just a patch on her crotch and a string between the crack of her ass. Then to finally get to touch her hot body, to rub lotion all over it, including the cheeks of her sweet ass and her silky thighs. He almost came in his suit, his cock throbbing from the contact. 
