 It was a Wednesday night just like any other for me. I was bartending on the Upper West Side and things were pretty dull. No one had come in yet, not even any of the regulars. I sat on the counter behind the bar and watched people walking up and down Columbus Avenue through the huge bay window. It was about 6 p.m.; I had six more hours to go until I could go home and get some sleep. It seemed like it was going to be a long night. 

Just then, two people walked into the bar from the restaurant area and sat down. They were a couple in their 20’s and quite attractive. He was about 6 feet tall with light brown wavy hair and hazel eyes, and it looked like he had a nice body. He wasn’t skinny, but was not overly muscular either. She was gorgeous. She was about 5’3 with shoulder-length dark brown hair and dark brown eyes. She had high cheekbones, a small nose and a delicate jawline. Her body was petite but curvy. I hopped off the counter to wait on them. They ordered drinks and asked to see a menu. 

Since there were no other customers in the bar, the three of us began to talk. They looked like they worked in the financial district, and I was kind of curious as to what they were doing on the Upper West Side. It turned out that they were meeting friends later on that night in the area and stopped in to have a bite to eat before they went out. After a few minutes of conversation, I introduced myself. “By the way, my name is Alyssa.”

“Nice to meet you, Alyssa. I’m Greg and this is Mikki.” The conversation continued; I told them that I was a teacher during the day and that I bartended part-time to help me get through graduate school. They both worked down on Wall Street and had been dating for a couple of years.

I went to get their food. When I came back, Mikki left to go use the Ladies’ room. Greg turned to me after Mikki walked out and said, “There was another reason why we came in here.”

“Oh? What’s that?” I asked.

“Well… Mikki’s been curious about other women, and she wants to see what it’s like to be with one. We walked by this place and she saw you back here. She thought you were pretty and she suggested that we come in to see what you were like.”

I was kind of shocked but intrigued; I wanted to see what else he was going to say about it. “Well, what was the conclusion you and Mikki came to?” I asked.

“While you were ordering and getting our food, we talked about you. Not only are you pretty, but you’re smart and educated as well. Mikki really likes you and she thinks that she’d like you to be the first woman she sleeps with.”

“What would you be doing during this?”

Greg replied, “I’d like to watch you two for a little bit and possibly join in. Please don’t feel pressured. We can all go out to dinner, go out afterwards, and see what happens. If things go well, then maybe we’ll all spend the night together. If not... well, at least we gave it a chance.”

“I’d really have to think about this. Why don’t you give me your number and I’ll let you know in a couple of days if I want to.” He wrote down his number, and at that moment Mikki walked back in. For the remainder of the time they were there we talked about work and watched television, but my mind was spinning throughout it. There was an obvious tension in the air; we all knew what the situation was but did not want to speak about it in the open yet. I felt like a kid who was just told a secret about another kid, and the other kid knew that I knew, but didn’t want to say anything in front of me about it. It made me giddy.

They left soon after they finished eating (they left me a nice tip, too), and Greg reminded me to call him to let him know my answer.

That night, I went home and had difficulty falling asleep. I had been hit on by women before, but I either did not realize I was being hit on at the time or I had never seriously considered their offers. Greg and Mikki were different; they were both very attractive, and Greg would serve as the buffer between Mikki and me for our first bisexual experience. 

The next two days at work, my mind kept wandering to them. The thought of being with another woman while a man was also involved became more appealing to me the more I thought about it. Looking back, I think that I was just really hot for Mikki. She seemed so innocent- like the girl next store, but there was a hidden sexuality simmering just underneath her surface. I had sensed it in the bar, and I wanted to see more of it. Hell, I didn’t just want to see it. I wanted to experience it.

Friday, when I got home from work, I called Greg. “Hey, it’s Alyssa,” I said.

Greg was quiet for about a second before he replied, “Hi! I’m so happy to hear from you. I’m sorry I didn’t say anything at first, I was just stunned because I didn’t expect to hear back from you. I thought that you thought we were two weirdoes or something.”

“Not at all. I’ve been thinking about everything, actually, and I’d like to go out with you two and see where it goes. The only thing is, I’d like for you to be involved as well, just in case Mikki and I decide that we don’t want to do anything with each other. I mean.. that is... ummm, if you and Mikki are still interested.” For some reason, I was embarrassed talking about it. I could feel my face reddening.

“We are definitely interested. Mikki couldn’t stop talking about you after we left the bar.”

This brought a smile to my face. Greg and I decided that the three of us would meet near where I lived in Queens and go out to dinner. I gave him my phone number, and set up the time for our “date”. It would be the following Friday.

Throughout the week, I couldn’t stop thinking about it. I hoped that when we all got together again they would continue to be attracted to me, and me to them. Mikki called me a couple of times, as did Greg. With Mikki, she and I just acted like two girl friends chatting away about shopping, work, and the like. When I spoke to Greg, he relayed more of the sexual things that he and Mikki were thinking about with me. He told me how much Mikki liked my long chestnut brown hair, and about how sexy they both thought I was. I was pleased. 

Finally, Friday came. My day at work seemed to last forever, and I was preoccupied with fantasies of what would happen. I rushed home to take a nap (I hoped to be up for a good portion of the night, and I wanted to get some sleep because I had to tend bar the next day), but I was too excited. I took a shower and then decided on what I was going to wear. I put on a short black skirt, a body-hugging low-cut top, and black platform heels. The blouse accentuated my curves, and the skirt with the heels made my legs look long and shapely. When I was dressed, I thought I looked sexy without it looking slutty; it was just the look I was going for.

I met them at an Italian restaurant near my apartment and the three of us sat down to eat. Dinner was going well; our conversation was geared towards talk of everyday things. We were saving the sexual topics for later in the evening, when we were all more relaxed. In the middle of dinner, I got up to use the restroom, and when I returned, a coworker of mine spotted me. She came over to our table to say hello.

I was embarrassed, thinking that it must have looked strange to her to see two women with one man, but I was hoping that she didn’t think anything of it. She probably didn’t, but I just hoped that Greg and Mikki didn’t give any indications of what was going on between the three of us. She finally walked away and I breathed a sigh of relief. Unfortunately, she sat at the table directly behind me, so we had to keep our conversation low just in case anything personal came up. 

Thankfully, dinner was soon over and we had to decide what to do next. “There’s a dance club right down the street that I’ve walked by several times but never been in”, I said. “It seems like it plays pretty good music”.

“That sounds like fun; I love to dance!” Mikki replied.

We walked down to the club and went inside. We went right to the bar, as it was still early and not many people were dancing. I think that we all needed a little alcohol to loosen us up, anyway. Mikki and I ordered Cosmopolitans, and Greg had a vodka tonic. We sat at the bar and talked, with Greg seated between the two of us. He put his hands on our legs. I looked to Mikki to see her reaction towards his hand on my leg, but she didn’t seem to mind. The bartender must have sensed something, because she kept smiling at us and poured the extra alcohol from the shakers into my glass. 

As the night wore on, more people poured into the club, and the dance floor filled up. The three of us were buzzed by that time, and Mikki suggested that we go dance. We all got up and walked over to a relatively empty part of the dance floor. At first, the three of us danced adjacent to each other. It was a little awkward, as I wasn’t sure how I should dance with the two of them. I felt like a third wheel. That thought changed as the music became more rhythmic. 

"Wind your body, wiggle your belly..."

The DJ began a dance reggae mix, and my hips started grinding more to the music. Mikki gave me a little nudge towards Greg, and I put one of his legs between mine. I rotated my hips to the left and then to the right, my hands on either thigh. I then saw that Mikki was behind Greg, her pelvis grinding against his ass, and her hands were on the front of his thighs. Greg took Mikki’s hands and put them on my thighs. I could feel the heat emanating from them as her hands moved up and down my legs.

After one song, Greg slipped out from between us and got behind Mikki. I was now dancing with her the way I had just danced with Greg. One of my legs was between hers, as well as one of hers between mine. I felt the material of her pants rubbing against my bare inner thighs as my skirt rode up a little. I felt the warmth of her pussy through her pants on my knee. Greg’s hands then touched my thighs; I know that he could feel my muscles flexing every time I moved to the rhythm.

Greg then went to get a drink and left Mikki and me to dance together. Our legs were still entwined, dancing to the reggae music. She moved around so that she was behind me and I could feel her pert, full breasts pressed up against my back. I turned around to face her and then went behind her. She had a nice ass and I could feel its firmness against my pelvis as we danced. I wrapped my arms around her waist as we swung our hips to the music in unison, me grinding against her like a man. Her silky hair brushed against my face, and I caught the scents of sweat, perfume and shampoo. It was very arousing.

Mikki and I got so caught up in each other that when the reggae set was over, we stopped dancing and I realized again where we were. Mikki was breathing a little heavier and I saw a glazed look in her eyes. Apparently, she was just as aroused as I was. Greg was standing by a pole a few feet away, and people who hadn’t been dancing were looking at us. I felt like we had just fucked in front of a roomful of people.

“I think it’s time for us to go,” Mikki said. Greg and I agreed, and we took a cab to the nearest hotel. 

To be continued...