 From Part I: Alyssa, a part-time bartender in Manhattan, gets propositioned by an attractive couple who happen to walk by the bar. They go out for dinner and dancing, then to a hotel room...

When we got to the room, I just stood there looking at them, not sure what to do next. Fortunately, they were the aggressors. Greg reached out to touch one of my breasts. “Come on, Mikki, touch her. See what it’s like to feel another woman.” She did, and each of them had one of their hands on my breasts. I was still worked up from dancing, and I could feel my nipples getting hard. 

Greg reached over and pulled my shirt up over my head. He then told me to take off my skirt too. Soon I was standing there in my silky bra, matching emerald green thong panties, and heels. Greg told me to pull up Mikki’s shirt and touch her. I pulled her shirt off over her head and we were feeling each other as Greg watched. Her skin felt warm and soft, just like mine. I caressed her shoulders and moved down to her arms. As I did this, she began taking off my bra. When it was off, she and Greg looked at my hard nipples for a few seconds. Mikki bent down while looking at me and took one in her mouth. I felt her warm lips close over my nipple as her tongue swirled around it. I closed my eyes and tilted my head back to savor the pleasure I was feeling, to find that Greg was behind me. He was caressing my other breast and rubbing Mikki’s hair while she was sucking on me.

I decided to take advantage of being sandwiched between the two of them and ground my ass against Greg’s covered cock. I could feel him hardening behind me, which only added to my pleasure. While Mikki was still at work on my nipples, I unhooked her bra and reached beneath to touch her. Her breasts were firm yet pliant, and I ran my hands continuously around her warm skin, getting close to, but not quite touching her nipples. She grew impatient with my teasing so she grabbed my hands and made me touch her nipples while she continued to suck on mine. I could feel how hard and pebbly hers became from my teasing caresses.

I needed to feel one of her nipples in my mouth. I pushed aside her bra, leaned down, tilted my head, and took her left one in my mouth. I loved the texture of her nipple against my tongue, rolling my tongue around it like a little sucking candy. She took her mouth off my nipple. I heard her gasp in pleasure, and I could also tell that Greg was enjoying the show by the way his cock was rock-hard against my ass.

We maneuvered to the bed, and they had me lay down on it, legs spread. Greg knelt beside my head while Mikki knelt between my legs. Greg watched as she slowly pulled down my panties, grazing my taut thighs and calves with her fingers as she did so. Mikki then lowered her face over my pelvic area, and then she looked up at Greg. He nodded his head and she buried her face in between my legs. I felt her tongue lapping at me, like a little cat lapping up milk. She tasted me, starting at my pussy and then licking up to my clit. I moaned in response; although she had never had experience with it before, she was quite good at going down on me.

Mikki then delicately inserted a finger inside me, feeling my wetness surrounding it. The combination of her finger and tongue, coupled with Greg watching us and stroking his cock, was so delicious to me that I felt my orgasm approaching. I began to buck my hips, demanding, “Faster, harder, oh just like that!” until finally I cried out loudly with pleasure. Mikki continued to lick and finger me throughout my orgasm. When I had calmed down, she straddled my face. I couldn’t see much, but I felt Greg leave my side. 

I inhaled Mikki’s scent through her panties, preparing to try to make her feel as good as she had just made me feel. I darted out my tongue and touched the material covering her pussy with it. I began to lick her through the soft material, feeling her thighs tense and loosen on either side of me. It wasn’t enough.

I raised one hand and pulled aside her panties, looking at her bare, exposed pussy. I tentatively touched her clit with my tongue. I felt her jump a little and then settle down more firmly on my face. I licked her clit again, a little harder this time. I moved my tongue back and forth, rubbing it repeatedly over her erect clit; she began to move back and forth in a counter rhythm, moaning while she moved. Her moaning and writhing spurred me to lick her even faster. The faster I licked her, the more aggressively she moved, until finally, she let out a shriek, climbed off my face, and collapsed next to me.

The next thing I knew, Greg took out a red jelly vibrator (he had it in his jacket the whole night) and began to rub it on my clit. Mikki recovered from her orgasm and began caressing my breasts again, kneading them and then lightly pinching my nipples. She watched at first while Greg gradually inserted the vibrator into me, replacing the vibe on my clit with his fingers. Once the vibrator was in me, she looked at me. I could see the lust in her eyes, and her face was so close that I could breathe in the scent of me on her. She leaned down and began kissing me, very gently at first, just rubbing her mouth back and forth across mine. We inhaled each other’s breath and then deepened the kiss.

Greg saw how excited we were getting again. He quickened the pace of the vibrator inside me, then took my hand and placed it on Mikki’s mons. She was still slick from my oral ministrations coupled with her orgasm, and my fingers met with very little resistance when seeking to enter her hot little pussy. We both were brought to orgasm this way: Mikki and I kissing each other while I worked my fingers in and out of Mikki, and Greg fucking me with the vibrator. We moaned into each other’s mouths until Greg withdrew the vibe from inside me. Mikki and I continued to kiss, breathing heavily after our orgasmic ordeal.

This time I decided to take the initiative and turned so that I was partially on top of Mikki while kissing her. I ran my hands up and down her smooth body, making her shiver as I did so. She reached up and tangled her fingers in my hair, pulling me totally on top of her so that my body was flush with hers. I could feel her breasts pressing up against mine while she rubbed her pussy against me. I loved the feeling of being over her, kissing her and feeing so much of her soft smooth skin against mine. I highly enjoyed tasting her mouth, but I was ready to taste more of her again.

I began to work my way down her body, leaving her mouth and gently kissing her neck. I could feel her pulse pounding beneath my mouth. She put her hands on my shoulders and lightly urged me lower. I complied, kissing the mound of her right breast first, and then moving to take in her nipple. I took it between my teeth and gently tugged on it, feeling her sharp intake of breath. “Do it again,” she sighed. I fulfilled her breathy command, tugging her nipple with my teeth. Not wanting to leave the left nipple feeling neglected, I moved my mouth to it and repeated my actions.

I continued my journey south, kissing my way down Mikki’s flat belly. I reached the apex of her thighs and could smell the heady scent of arousal. I placed her legs on my shoulders so that I had better access to her pussy and went to town. I buried my face between her legs and placed my hand beneath her ass. I began flicking my tongue back and forth across her clit... 

All of a sudden, I felt Greg’s hands on my hips and then with one swift thrust, my pussy was being filled by his condom-covered cock. He had been preparing himself to fuck me, as my ass was in the air near the end of the bed while I was licking Mikki. I let out a muffled grunt and continued what I was doing. I slid two fingers inside of her and kept my tongue on her clit. Every time Greg thrust his cock deep inside of me, my fingers probed Mikki deeply and my tongue was pushed up against her clit.

Greg took a finger and began to rub around my ass with it. He got closer and closer to the tight little pucker. When I didn’t object, he raised his finger to his mouth, wetted it, and then gently probed my ass with it. I wiggled my ass, signaling that I wanted his finger inside me more deeply. Being penetrated with his cock and his finger was turning me on immensely, and Mikki was reaping the benefit of it.

Her pussy was soaking wet from all of the attention I was paying to it, so I decided to insert a third finger inside of her pussy. It was a tight fit, but I managed to slide my ring finger in along with my index and middle fingers. Greg in turn inserted another finger into my ass, making the double penetration from him more intense. I moved my fingers that were inside Mikki towards me, feeling the slight ridge on the front side of her pussy wall. While doing so, I licked her clit more firmly. I wanted to make her come harder than she ever had before.

I was so intent on Mikki’s pleasure that I barely noticed when Greg withdrew his fingers from my ass. I did, however, notice when he replaced them with his cock. He slid slowly inside of me while rubbing my clit with his fingers. Simultaneous anal and clitoral stimulation has always driven me wild, and this time was no exception. I started moaning loudly while licking Mikki’s clit and began fingering her harder, making sure to rub against that little ridge.

Greg started out fucking my ass slowly, withdrawing almost all the way and then plunging his cock deep inside of me. Once it became easier for him to move inside me, he increased the rhythm while continuously rubbing my clit. I knew that I was going to come very soon, so I quickened the pace of my fingers and tongue. Soon, Mikki let out a wail and my face became drenched with her juices. Her hips bucked, her legs trembled against my shoulders, and her hands clenched the bed sheets. She was muttering so much that I could barely make out what she was saying. Not like I cared; I was too busy licking up her juices and was close to the edge of coming, myself.

Greg began to rub my clit even harder while fucking my ass. His strokes became deeper and I could feel my orgasm welling up throughout my body. It was intense; I wanted him to stop, yet at the same time I wanted him to go on forever. The upper half of my body collapsed; my head ended up on Mikki’s exhausted body while I was moaning and crying at the same time. I came three or four times at that point; I believe I was begging Greg to continue, even though he had already come (I vaguely heard him yelling out “I’m coming!” during my own orgasm). Finally, his strokes slowed and I totally collapsed on the bed, rolling over so that I was next to Mikki. Greg lay down on the other side of me.

The three of us were sweat-drenched, exhausted, and happy. I was so shaky that I could barely walk. After a few minutes, we all fell asleep.

Afterword: Although we had a wonderful time that night, the three of us only got together once again, just for drinks. Greg began trying to get me to see him without Mikki’s knowledge, and I would not compromise my principles for him. I liked Mikki more than him anyway.