 This all happened about two and a half years ago.

I had spent some time single and thus using the net for porn a lot. I began to be influenced in my thoughts by self sucking and bi mmf porn. I had been able to suck my own cock when I was younger and had grown to love the taste of my cum. But, though having my cock in my mouth was a massive turn on it wasn't physically too pleasurable, the strain on my back and neck prevented that! I began to search for bi mmf porn and stories and began to have serious fantasies about sharing a cock with a woman. From here I used hook up sites to try finding a couple to play with.

I got chatting to one guy online one night and we got on well. He and his wife had met loads of single guys for mmf fun before but never with man on man contact. He had spent time around other erections and had grown curious to see what one would feel like. He also liked his wife to use a dildo on his ass and he wanted to feel a real cock inside him, preferably while he fucked her! Long story short, we arranged to meet after a few chats and phone calls.

I met them in a hotel bar, we had half a drink each and then headed up to their room. Here we proceeded to share a bottle of wine or two and chat and flirt and tell of our fantasies and previous exploits while everyone got horny. Clothes gradually came off kinda innocently, as each person would visit the bathroom they would just remove an item of clothing on their way back, after maybe 90 mins we were down to underwear.

She suggested we move things along by giving her a massage, as she stood up and removed her bra and panties and grabbed a bottle of massage oil from her bag. She lay down on the bed and we knelt either side of her and began to massage her back and legs. As this progressed we got naked too, she ended up on her back, and I was on my belly licking her pussy. He was lying alongside her, on his side, and they were kissing. She began to stroke his cock. I had my arms wrapped around her thighs which meant that my left arm was close to where she was stroking him, and free to roam. As I sucked on her clit I let my left arm slide up her wanking arm, I gently stroked up and down it a few times before slowly letting my hand slide all the way down to where she had a firm grip of his cock. I joined her in wanking him, delighting in my first ever feel of a hard cock that wasn't my own. We stroked him together for a minute or two before she took her hand away and I wanked him on my own. I can't describe how it felt to finally be fulfilling one of my most private and scary fantasies!

A short while later we had changed positions slightly. I was now fucking her, she was still on her back, her legs were in the air, he was kneeling beside her and his cock was in her mouth. I was watching her suck him intently, and she beckoned me closer with her eyes. I leaned forward to get a closer look, and she took his cock out of her mouth and she asked me if I liked what I saw. She then started to suck him again. A minute later she took his cock from her mouth, smiled at me, and asked if I wanted to join in. I said yes and she kissed me, and then she moved his cockhead so it touched our kissing lips. I turned my head slightly, kissed and licked the tip of his cock, then opened my mouth and swallowed as much of it as I could. I bobbed my head up and down a few times, loving the feel of his cock filling my mouth and running my tongue along the base of the glans. It was a fucking amazing feeling, I was so turned on having this 6 inch, cut, thick cock pressing into my throat and making me want to gag. I spent the next 5 minutes sharing licking and sucking duties with her, thoroughly enjoying it while still slowly fucking her.

I can't quite remember when he first touched and sucked me, but he did both during our long night. One thing I do remember is that shortly after my first time sucking him we took a break, and as I returned from the bathroom she was sitting on a chair in the corner smoking a cigarette. He was lying on his back on the bed. As I walked over towards them I just decided that, seeing as how I had already broken the boundary, I might as well make the most of it. I bent straight over him and sucked his cock and smiled at her. She spread her legs and her pussylips as she sat there for me to look at while I sucked on his cock!

We tried loads of positions that night, me and him 69'd at one point. And I obliged him by fucking him in the ass, though doing so really wasn't my thing, my attraction doesn't go beyond cock. He came in his wife fairly soon after I entered him so I didn't have to struggle to maintain an erection for too long!

I met them a second time a few months later, and in the time since I've met 5 other couples for bi mmf fun. One of these couples I met 6 times, one of those times was for mmff fun which was a special treat! I've also met 4 or 5 guys for brief one on one mutual sucking, most of which I've thoroughly enjoyed. I might tell you about some of them meets another time!