 I was horny, as usual, and had some free time. I decided to stop by one of the local adult book stores and drop a few tokens in the peep booth. This particular store has the "buddy" windows. If you wish, once you have put in a token, you can press the buddy window button and if the person on the other side does the same, a white screen opens up so you both can see into the other person's booth. Being a latent bisexual male, I like to watch other guys stroke their hard cocks while watching a little porno movie.

On this particular visit, I walked back into the video area and noticed that the center booth (of three in a row) was occupied. There were only a few other guys there, so I went into an adjoining booth. I dropped my token into the box and pressed the buddy button. Although not the first time, but whenever there is a male and female in the same booth, it is unusual. An attractive woman was sitting on the bench with her hand stroking a tall man's hard cock. Very interesting I thought. I immediately unzipped and pulled out my growing dick. She moved her hand and the cock she was stroking like she was offering it to me. Once she saw my now hard cock, she wiggled her finger at me, inviting me over. No brainer here. I nodded OK and left my booth.

They unlocked their door for me and I slipped in, locking the door behind me. These booths are oversized, so three could fit in nicely. We nodded hello without speaking. I looked at the movie they had on, a gay flick. Probably to attract a gay guy over. I took off my glasses and looked down at his cock. Nice cut one. They both were dresses nice, in their 50's and appeared to be professional people. This made me feel better. She again offered his cock to me and I immediately knelt down in front of him. He said she gets turned on watching. Figured that out already. OK, so she gets turned on by watching, I am going to give her a "really big show." I positioned myself so she had a clear view of what I was going to do and as soon as I slowly put my hand on his cock, she started moaning. I started licking all around and up and down his shaft, flicking my tongue on the sensitive underside of the head. I slide my tongue down to his balls and lightly licked and sucked them. I could feel his approval as his cock was really swelling up now. I slowly lower my mouth down his cock until I had all of him down to the balls. I ran my tongue down the underside of his shaft and licked his balls again. Another moan from her and his cock jumped in my hot mouth. This wasn't going to be some quickie. I like slow sex and I was glad she was enjoying the show.

Now she thinks I am gay. Another moan from her when, while I am slowly sucking this beautiful cock, I place my left hand on her leg. She was wearing slacks and I began gently squeezing her leg and running my hand in small circles. I inched my way up her leg to her thigh then to her hot covered pussy. Even through her pants, I could feel the heat and dampness. I lifted my head off his cock and looked at her. I said I enjoy eating pussy as much as I do sucking cock. Another moan. Damn I was not believing this. Never has this happened to me before. An actual fantasy coming true! And me, you bet. I was a hard as a piece of steel. But that was OK since I like to give pleasure. (I think I would make a great sex slave.)

I had to stand up by now to give my knees a break. He told her to lower her top which she did with his help. Nice large breasts with very hard nipples. I licked each and ran my tongue around each. Another moan. But I wanted her pussy and since this wasn't a hotel room, we did have some sense of time to consider. I knelt down again and she lower her slacks. I slide his cock into my mouth a few more times then turned my attention to her. She kind of half stood, half sat, pushing her pussy out to me. Man was it tasty and WET. I went crazy and nothing else existed. The next thing I actually remember, she was lifting my head up, my face all covered with her juices and she gave me a big smile and showed me four fingers. She had cum four times.

I stood up and she looked at my hard cock then at her husband (I found out later they were married) for approval. He nodded his OK and she slide on the bench to me. She was totally turned on and started licking all over my cock, balls and you could tell she was loving it. You can tell when someone loves to suck cock or is just going through the mechanics. She was going slow, but I was extremely worked up by now. She was deep throating me with those wet soft lips and tongue, I didn't have a chance. I felt my hot cum starting to boil over and I softly said I was going to cum to give her a chance to back away or whatever. Instead of letting go of my cock, she gripped both of her hands on my ass and pulled me in to her. All right I thought, she wants me to cum in her sweat mouth and here it cums. I tried to keep my moans a quiet as possible, but when I cum, it takes my whole body. I shot hard into her hot mouth, no dribble this time. And again and again I shot. When I was slowing down, she also slowed down and was gently sucking and licking my cock. That is when I realized she had swallowed my big hot load. That was very special to me and somehow it created a bond between us. Sure I didn't even know her name at that time, but it was there. She continued licking my cock, making sure it all the cum was cleaned off my cock. And again, she moaned and licked her lips.

Now, her husband was still standing there and had obviously watched this entire, extremely hot show. I knelt down in front of him and looked at her. She moaned again, but it was his turn now. And he was READY! No teasing now. I went straight down on his very hard cock and I let him know I wanted him to cum. Long, strong strokes into my hot wet mouth then he started moaning. Before I could prepare myself to take his cum and hold it in my mouth (so I could spit it out when he was done), he hit the back of my throat with a massive bolt. It was a reflex, I swallowed without any control. He kept cumming and I decided that since I had already swallowed his first shot, I might as well swallow the rest of it. That was my first time at swallowing another man's cum. It tasted very good and before I let it slide down my throat, I played with it with my tongue, feeling the texture and aroma. Damn I love hot cum! I slowed my pace down and knowing how good it feels to stay in a warm place (pussy or mouth) after you cum, just let him rest in there and gently but firmly sucked out all that he had. I licked him clean, all this time continuing with the show for her. She could tell when he started to cum and she was moaning. I am not sure, but I think she was playing with herself then too. We were sweating now and the booth was very warm. We asked for numbers to reach each other and I said I had some paper in my van.

We left the booth and store. She got into their car and he walked with me to my van. We started talking and he told me she enjoyed that very much, as did he. Now I could see them more clearly and they were very nice and distinguished looking people. I talked with him some more and we walked over to their car. She was flushed and had a big smile on her face. She gave me a thumbs up several times. She said I was helping them with one of her fantasies, watching her husband with another man, but when I told her I liked to eat pussy as much, she said she thought that was just too perfect. We exchanged numbers and I found out they live near the coast. I travel in the state and the next time I am near their area, we will be getting together again. This time in a hotel, with a king sized bed and more time. We stay in touch through email for now. Part II will follow our next visit.