 (All persons engaged in sexual activity in this story are over 18 years old. Any similarities between this story and real people are purely coincidental)

Please read Pt. 1 and 2 first to get the story outline.

*****

Amber wasn't up when Karen got down to the kitchen about 11, in serious need of a cup of coffee. She had had one beer too many, she thought. Tom was shuffling around the kitchen, in the process of making a pot of coffee, fortunately. He had on just a pair of athletic shorts, no shirt. Karen again noted how fit he had become over the summer, diligently hitting the weight room in the hopes of making his college football team as a walk-on. If nothing else his physique would attract college girls. Such as her, she thought, though quickly dismissing the prospect of having sex with him. It wouldn't be incest, but it would be weird.

"Hey Tom. How's it going? When's that coffee going to be ready. I really need a cup."

"Hi ya Karen. Shouldn't be long. Me too. That was quite a night," Tom replied.

"Yeah, it was. Sleep well, did you?"

"Slept great, how about you?"

"Pretty well, though I woke up at one point, thinking I heard some noises down the hall. Maybe you or Amber got up to use the bathroom."

"Hmm, maybe it was Amber," Tom said, turning his back to Karen so that she wouldn't see his smile, or his cock swell in his shorts at the thought of what Amber and he did last night. What he really wanted to do was head to Amber's room and wake her up with his hard cock nestled between her tits, sliding between them until the head reached her welcoming mouth, then letting her swallow his meat inch by inch until he shot a big load of cum down her throat. 

He fiddled with the coffee machine until his erection subsided and he could face Karen again. He gave her a cup of coffee and sat at the kitchen table with her, daydreaming of what he wanted to do to Amber. Karen sat across from him, wearing a tight white t-shirt, her large breasts rippling the shirt, her nipples straining against the light fabric. Wow, Tom thought, that was a hot image, trying not to stare. He looked away, knowing that Karen had seen him gaze at her tits. And now his cock was semi-hard again, so he couldn't leave the table. 

"What are you up to today, Tom," Karen asked, flush from watching Tom drool over her tits.

"Nothing, really. I lifted yesterday, so I thought I'd hang out, play some Fortnite with friends, go for a run, get some sun. The usual day. How about you?"

"Amber and I were going to hang out at the pool most of the day. I have to babysit tonight at 7," Karen said. "Hey, would it be ok if you went to a friend's or did something out of the house? Amber said she wanted some alone time just so we can hang out together before I babysit."

Tom thought for a moment, and sipped his coffee. "Sure, why not. When?"

"I don't know, maybe after lunch or something. Just wanted a few hours to hang out and sunbathe."

"That's cool," Tom said. So they wanted to sunbathe nude, Tom thought, or more than just sunbathe. He'd have to find a way to come back and watch without getting caught.

Erection deflated, he got up to go back to his room. "I'll take off after 1. Ok?"

"Great, thanks Tom," Karen said with a smile. She got up and gave him a hug, pressing her full breasts into his chest. He hugged her back, smelling her hair, feeling her hands on his back, feeling her tits against him. Karen backed off but gave him a quick kiss, not on the lips, but close. His cock swelled again, but Karen was walking away toward the family room. He watched her ass, which was spilling out of her cut-off jeans, sway as she walked, his cock getting harder and harder. He had become fixated on her sexy ass after watching her at the pool the past few days. 

***

Just then, Amber walked into the kitchen. "I thought I smelled coffee!" she said excitedly. She noticed Tom standing there, as well as the bulge in his pants. 

"Jesus Tom, you are stiff. What are you thinking about?"

He wanted to be honest, to tell her that it was Karen's tits pressed against him, as well as the thought of the two of them sunbathing naked together, or licking cunts together, that afternoon. But instead, he said: "I was thinking about what we did together last night. About what I did to you with my tongue."

"And with your big cock," Amber whispered, not knowing if Karen was up yet.

"And that," Tom said with a smile. Indeed the thought of what he did to Amber last night with his tongue, licking her juicy cunt, and then plowing his hard cock inside it until he exploded, shooting his cum deep inside her, made him stiffer. 

"Oh my god, Tom," Amber said. "You are rock hard."

"I told you, thinking about last night makes me excited."

"No kidding," Amber said, her pussy beginning to throb beneath her silk panties and light nylon shorts. Her nipples began to throb, too, pressing against the cotton t-shirt. She wanted to inhale Tom's big cock into her mouth right there in the kitchen and blow him until his cum gushed into her mouth. "Thinking about last night makes me excited, too," she said. She flashed back to Tom licking his way up her thighs to her oozing cunt, her finger already polishing her clit. The feel of his tongue as it probed her wet hole and lapped at her clit had driven her crazy. She came when she grabbed his head and plunged his tongue deeper into her cunt, his upper lip smashed against her engorged clit. And then he fucked her, slamming his cock inside her until he flooded her cunt with a huge load of cum that dribbled out of her tight hole with his final thrusts just as her second orgasm hit her. "How about we do that again tonight, Tom," she said with a sly smile.

"Definitely," Tom replied, giving her a sly smile back, while staring at her nipples straining against her t-shirt. He wanted to go to her and take her nipples in his mouth, slide his hand into her shorts and under her panties to rub her pussy. And then he would press his hand on her head and push down until she was on her knees, inches away from his raging hard-on. But Karen could walk into the kitchen any minute, so he poured Amber a cup of coffee and walked it over to her, his bulge straining against his shorts. 

On cue, Karen walked into the kitchen for more coffee, coming upon Tom and Amber standing next to each other at the coffee machine. Tom immediately turned away from her so that she wouldn't notice his erection. "I thought I heard voices in here," Karen said.

"Hey Karen, how're ya doin," Amber asked, trying to cover for Tom and his big bulge.

"Ok, I just need more coffee. Then I'll feel good," Karen said, knowing full well why Tom wouldn't face her. She assumed they'd been groping each other or kissing or something. That made her frustrated again, feeling left out as she was last night. She needed to have sex today.

"Hey, Tom said he had some errands to run later, about 1," Karen told Amber. So how about we hang out by the pool. I have to babysit later so I want to chill this afternoon."

Amber looked Karen up and down, staring at her tits spilling out of her t-shirt as Tom had, and said, "Great, that'll be fun."

Karen caught Amber's gaze, returning it to Amber's hot body, encased in just a thin t-shirt and shorts. She couldn't wait until Amber was naked at the pool, and feeling loose after a beer or two. She couldn't wait until she heard Amber say, "Eat my cunt, Karen." Karen's pussy began to ache as her afternoon scenario took shape. Jesus, she hoped Amber would be into it. If not, it was going to be a long day, and a long night, hanging around Amber's bedroom listening to the two of them fuck again.

***

Tom grabbed another cup of coffee and a bowl of cereal and then made his way to the family room to play some Fortnite, thinking of how he could manage to sneak back into the house and watch Amber and Karen at the pool without being caught. Judging from the sexual energy in the kitchen just now, he figured something interesting would happen. And if it turned out to be just the two of them sunbathing nude, well, that would be cool, too.

Right at 1 o'clock Tom announced to Amber and Karen, who were hanging out in the kitchen making lunch, that he was going to drive to the gym for another workout, that he'd be back about 4 or so. They said see you later and promised to make him pasta for dinner, asking him to stop at the store and pick up some Italian bread. He drove down the street and around the corner from his house, and then hung out in the car listening to music for 20 minutes, giving the girls time to get to the pool. He walked back to the house and silently entered the front door, closing it softly after listening for noises inside. He went right upstairs, figuring that they might come in for a beer or something at some point. The best vantage point to view the pool was from his parents' room, so he headed there, mindful of not being seen through any windows.

With his head below the open window in his parents' room he couldn't see them, but he could make out their voices. 

"Make sure you cover every inch, Karen," Amber said. "It's going to be super hot today." 

Tom assumed that Karen was rubbing tanning oil all over Amber's body, which he also assumed was naked. 

Just listening wasn't good enough, Tom thought. So he slid up the wall and carefully looked out the window to the scene below. Fortunately they were on lounge chairs almost next to the house so it would have been difficult to spot him, unless they looked right up at him. 

Tom's eyes widened as he saw Karen rubbing oil into Amber. She was straddling Amber's upper thighs, naked, as was Amber. Karen's body glinted in the sun; apparently Amber had already covered her with the tanning oil. Karen began rubbing oil into Amber's lower back and then moved down to her ass, which she massaged with the oil. 

"Oooo, that feels good, Karen," Amber cooed. Karen's back was to Tom, but he could see her tits swinging back and forth as she worked oil into Amber's body. And he got a good look at her sweet ass, slightly spread apart, her asshole barely visible.

Tom's cock had started to stiffen at the first sight of Amber and Karen naked. Now, having seen Karen's bare ass and tits for the first time, it was rock hard. He couldn't resist stroking it through his athletic shorts. He wasn't about to jerk off in his parents' room. That would have to wait. But he let his stiff penis go free so it wouldn't be so uncomfortable. And he took out his phone and very carefully took some shots of the girls together.

Karen went lower, rubbing Amber's thighs, as Tom had done yesterday, and then down to her calves and feet. Amber turned over, exposing once again her beautiful breasts. Tom snapped several photos of Amber's tits, her nipples erect.

"Now my front," Amber said, excitedly.

Karen started with her feet and legs, and then moved up her thighs again. Amber parted her legs, giving her access to her inner thighs. Karen grazed her pubic hair, sending a shock through Amber's body. Amber closed her eyes and moaned a bit. "Don't forget about my chest," she said.

Karen began rubbing oil into her stomach before moving quickly to her breasts. Amber was looking right at Karen while she was massaging her tits. Suddenly Amber leaned up and grabbed Karen's head and pulled it to hers, sinking her tongue into Karen's mouth. The two girls began to kiss, Karen now straddling Amber on the lounge chair, their pubic mounds fastened together, Karen's big tits sliding over Amber's oiled breasts. Karen began grinding her crotch into Amber's, helped by Amber's hands on her ass pulling her closer. They explored each other's mouths and humped each other on the lounge chair. 

Tom couldn't help but grab his cock and begin stroking it. Jesus, he thought, this is hotter than he imagined it would be. He thought they might sunbathe for awhile and then maybe rub each other's cunts together. But watching them make out was hot. He didn't want to cum in his parents' room, so he stopped stroking himself and resumed watching the girls kiss and grind into each other. Thinking he knew what was coming, Tom turned on the video feature of his phone and aimed it at the pool to capture the scene.

"You're making me so fucking horny, Karen. Please eat my cunt, now. I want to feel your tongue in my cunt," Amber cried, her hands squeezing Karen's ass. 

"Yes, I want to, I want to eat your... your cunt," Karen said; she had been longing to hear Amber use those words with her. Her tongue left Amber's mouth and traveled down to her breasts, taking a moment to flick her tongue against her nipples, and suck lightly on her tits before sliding a finger between the lips of Amber's tight slit, making her moan.

"Jesus, you're so fucking wet, Amber." 

With that, she slid down between Amber's thighs and began to lightly lick her lips, gently probing her pussy with her tongue. Amber grabbed Karen's head and pulled it tighter against her mound. "Mmmm, that feels amazing, Karen. Eat me. Fuck, that's good." Tom watched Karen begin lapping at Amber's wet cunt with short strokes, pausing to flick her tongue at her clit. "That's it, right there." Amber moaned louder now, one hand pulling Karen's head to her juicy hole, the other rubbing her nipples, alternating right and left.

Karen's ass hovered in the air, giving Tom a good lock at her oiled cheeks. He suddenly fantasized about going down to the pool to spread Karen's ass and lick her asshole. And while Karen ate Amber's cunt, he would lube Karen's ass with tanning oil and slide his throbbing cock inside it, slowly easing every inch deeper into her tight ass until his balls slapped against her cunt. That thought made his cock ache even more, now dangerously close to erupting even without contact. 

Amber suddenly closed her eyes and lay her head against the chair, arching her back as her orgasm enveloped her. "Fuckkkkk, I'm cumming," she cried, holding Karen's head in her hands. Karen seemed to slide her tongue deeper into Amber's cunt while pinning her lip against her hard clit. She pumped her tongue inside her, each time mashing her lip against Amber's clit again, sustaining her orgasm. Tom watched Amber slump against the chair and release her hold on Karen's head. 

Karen looked up, as he had yesterday, with Amber's juices all over her mouth and face. After a moment, Amber scooted down the lounge chair to Karen, kissing her full on the lips and licking the juices that covered her face. 

"Wow, that was incredible, Karen. Jesus, you made me fucking cum," she said, still out of breath. 

They kissed for awhile, Amber tasting her orgasm on Karen's tongue. Amber began fondling Karen's tits and then slid a hand between her legs while kissing her. 

"You're soaking wet," Amber said. "I think I need to eat your cunt now."

Tom watched Amber slide down so that Karen could sit on her face. He couldn't help stroking his cock as Amber began slowly licking Karen's thighs before plunging her tongue into Karen's pussy. He now had a good view of Karen's ass as she straddled Amber's face. Amber pulled her asscheeks apart, exposing Karen's asshole, which was glistening with oil. Tom could see Amber's tongue snake between her cheeks to lightly lick her tiny hole, which made Karen moan. 

"Jesus, what are you doing," Karen said. "You're licking my ass... Wait, that feels really good." Karen began writhing on top of Amber and rubbed her tits while Amber licked her asshole. 

He got several close-ups of Karen's ass and of her face as she squirmed on Amber's tongue before turning the video back on.

Tom lost sight of Amber's tongue as it traveled back to Karen's cunt. With his phone continuing to record them, he returned to his fantasy of going down to the pool to fuck Karen in the ass. First, he would let Karen take his cock into her mouth to moisten it. She'd suck on it until he was rock hard, and then beg him to "put your thick cock in my ass and fuck me while Amber licks my wet cunt." He would lube Karen's asshole with oil, and then slowly slide his rigid prick inch by inch until he was buried inside her. Her tight hole would clench his meat as he fucked her. And Amber's tongue would snake up to lick his balls while he reamed Karen's ass. He'd pull out and shoot a big load on Karen's ass, watching his cum run between her oiled cheeks down to her cunt, where Amber would lap it up. Still spurting, he'd slide his cock back into Karen's ass, pumping it several more times while Amber ate his cum from Karen's creamy hole. Gripped by this fantasy, he began stroking his cock again while watching Karen rub her tits and grind her cunt on Amber's face. 

He couldn't take it any more. He practically ran to his bathroom and emptied a huge load into the sink, stifling a groan as he came, rope after rope splashing into the basin, his cock throbbing in his hand. The faint sounds of Karen moaning from the pool filtered into the bathroom through the open window. He hoped they hadn't heard him as he came, but doubted it. Amber was lying beneath Karen, smothered by her cunt, and Karen, it sounded like, was approaching an orgasm. As he finished, he heard Karen cry out, "oh my god, I'm cumming. Fuckkkkk." 

He went back into his parents' room to find Karen lying on top of Amber, kissing her on the lips, licking her pussy juices from Amber's face. Not wanting to get caught in the house, he quietly crept down the stairs and left the front door, and then ran down the street and around the corner. He was certain they hadn't seen him, or heard him. His heart was still beating from the excitement of watching them eat each other, and jerking off to his fantasy of fucking Karen in the ass while Amber licked her cunt. 

He sat in the car, turned the air conditioning on, and drove down the street toward the gym, where he'd take a shower, a cold shower. Jesus, that was so fucking hot, he thought, as he drove away. And then he remembered that Karen had to babysit that night. He'd have another chance with Amber tonight. His cock stirred at the thought of having her tits in his hands, his cock in her mouth, and his tongue in her cunt again, all heightened by the scenes by the pool. It began to throb as he imagined the three of them together, all of the possibilities of three horny bodies fucking and sucking. Sitting with Karen at the kitchen table this morning had really turned him on. As much as Amber excited him, seeing Karen prance around all week in a bathing suit, and then naked this afternoon, had made him very aroused. The thought of having sex with her had always appealed to him, from a distance, but now, seeing her close up and squirm with Amber's tongue in her cunt and asshole, that made him very hot. 

***

Amber and Karen sat by the pool, sipping a cold beer, recovering from their sun-splashed sex, still naked, thinking that Tom was miles away. They took a dip and played in the pool, occasionally fondling each other or kissing on the lips. They were both drained from their orgasms, and the cold water cooled their hot bodies that had been baking in the sun while they ate each other's cunts. They lay down on a chair to relax, ready for a nap in the sun.

"Jesus, that was hot, Karen," Amber said, staring at Karen's glistening body, her big round tits covered with oil, her legs slightly apart, exposing the lips of her gaping still-moist cunt. "Let's do that again tomorrow. Hopefully Tom will take off for a few hours again."

"That was incredible. I don't think I've had an orgasm like that in... maybe ever," Karen said. 

"Maybe we can use one of my toys tomorrow. That would be hot, too," Amber said, thinking how good it would feel to have her dildo in her cunt while Karen licked her clit, or maybe even in her ass while Karen buried her tongue inside her wet hole. 
