 Driving along a lonely stretch of highway, he'd stopped at an exit to get gas. James had been driving for a couple of hours, headed for a destination that was at least another hour from this little town. It had been a very nice afternoon until the drunken group of boys had reminded him how much he hated dealing with people. The rowdy bunch standing inside of the gas station was obviously too young to drink legally, but it didn't look like the sort of place where people cared. He'd deliberately walked around them to avoid confrontation. Unfortunately, it hadn't worked.

A beefy looking kid had made some sort of remark in his direction; something strange and random about winning the lottery. One of the others shushed his comrade. James hadn't responded, but had gone to get something to drink and pay for the gas. His hope was that they wouldn't bother him too much in the store, and that once they tired of the game, they would leave. It was with relief that he noticed them exiting the building as he paid the girl at the counter.

As he went back outside, one of them was gleefully smashing in his windshield with a shovel. The random violence confused him, and he quickly moved to go back in, assuming he would be safer inside. The cashier was locking the glass door with a guilty expression even as he turned around. He was stuck out there with them. Obviously, she'd known he was in for trouble. He hoped she at least had enough conscience to call for help. The boys turned to him, oddly synchronized, a barrier between him and the car. It was all very surreal, and it took James almost an entire minute to completely register that they were about to assault, if not kill, him. He glanced around, and could find nowhere to go, other than the woods off to the side. It was better than nothing, and he hoped they would be slow in their drunken state.

He fled the front of the gas station with them laughing and stumbling behind him. Their slurred shouts were unintelligible, but he didn't think it really mattered what was being said. They came crashing after him into the trees, though there was a great deal of tripping over plants and slipping in mud. It was a game to them, and the winner would be the one who reached him first. The prize would probably be first crack at beating him in the head with the shovel. James grimaced and subconsciously put a hand to his head, reassuring himself that it was still intact.

He went down a hill, jumped over a creek, and clambered up another hill. Finding a shadowed place, he sat to hide and catch his breath. Though they continued to look for him, they never came close. Trying to steady his breathing and listen for them, James closed his eyes, assuming he would hear if they came too close. A while after he couldn't hear them anymore, he opened his eyes, it was getting dark. He lifted up, still uncertain if this was a wise move. Damp bits of leaves and earth stuck to his skin. An insect scurried off of his hair. He adjusted his glasses and looked around. He felt for his cell phone, but it was nowhere to be found. The one time he'd bothered bringing it along, it wasn't there.

He wasn't sure which way would lead to the road, but began to walk in what he thought might be the correct direction. There were no paths in this area, only thick patches of ferns and fallen trees. He felt his ankle twist beneath him as he slipped into a hole. "Damn it!" The hole was wider and deeper than it appeared, and he found himself swallowed into the earth. He landed in a heap on the floor. The hole was incredibly large, and the ceiling was high. Weird. Most of the sunlight had melted into twilight, and the hole was dark. As he tried to feel out a way to escape, he realized there was a tunnel of some sort. It might lead to a way out, but an inner voice told him it would be a mistake to go that way. He rested on the ground, and dozed off somehow.

He woke again at some sound. The air carried the wet coolness of dew, and there were hints of shadow near the top of the odd cavernous hole. He'd been there all night, and the sun would soon be rising. He was worried about shouting for help. If those kids were still out there somewhere, they might be just as violent sober as they were intoxicated. If he didn't do something, he'd probably die in this wretched place. So, he shouted. He did this a few times, spacing the calls about five minutes apart. Suddenly, a head popped over the hole. Long black hair fell around the face of a woman who peered in at him. Wonderful! Somebody had come along and now he was going to be rescued.

"Who are you, Precious?" she asked.

"I fell in this hole, and I can't get out. Can you help me? Maybe you could call somebody?" The woman looked at him with an odd expression. He suddenly became very aware of how he must look. Disoriented, dirty, sweaty. He tried to smile pleasantly, hoping he didn't look creepy, as he was told he often did. He wondered if the smile made him look more like a creep.

The woman moved away, and he wasn't sure what she was doing. He hoped she was getting help. Then, the stranger leaped into the hole, landing gracefully beside him. She walked slowly around him, her eyes moving over his body critically. He stared back, trying to figure out what she was doing or thinking. Why wasn't she getting help? Was everybody in this place insane? He shivered slightly. It was suddenly very cold in this place. The woman tilted her head and gave him a sickly sweet smile. He was strangely reminded of a predatory animal.

He hoped she would speak again, and stop seeming so alien. Instead, she continued looking at him, as if measuring him somehow. He had the feeling he'd somehow proven to be lacking. He started talking to her, asking questions that went unanswered. He tried telling the woman his name, and explaining what had happened to lead him to this circumstance. She nodded at him, made little cooing noises as if she was listening, though he was sure she wasn't.

She traced his face lightly with her fingers, bringing her own face so close he could feel her breath on his skin. "Oh, Pookie, you must have been so frightened." Her words seemed soft, but her tone was icy, especially on the last word. It sounded a bit as though she relished the feel of it on her tongue. He shivered. He started to respond, still hoping she would help him get out of this hole and back on his way. Before he could say a word, she had put a finger to his lips, silencing him. "Shh..." She offered her hand to him, gesturing toward the tunnel, which was easier to see now. The sun was higher in the sky.

"Is this the way out?" he asked. "I saw it, but it seemed like a bad idea to go exploring in there. Isn't there some other way-"

"Silence!" she hissed. Her face remained as calm as it had been, but her tone made her seem lethal now. When it became obvious he wasn't going to accept her hand or step closer to the tunnel, her expression altered slightly. With a flash of movement faster than James could comprehend, the mysterious woman had reached between his legs and grabbed a hold of him. Her fingers were groping him through his pants, clenching his balls. "Well, Darling, it seems that this is the only way you will leave."

Despite the fear coursing through him now, he was more afraid of entering the dark hole. He stepped an inch away from her, hoping she would release him. Instead, her fingers were probing more carefully through the fabric of his pants, examining him. She leaned in close to him, her lips only a hair's width from his as she whispered, "You have so much fear... little boy. I knew you would be a little bitch. Only a little bitch boy would have run away from slobbering drunk children and become trapped in a tiny hole in the grass. But that's alright, Honey. I do have some use for you. " Was this really happening? The events of last night almost seemed normal in comparison.

She suddenly dug her fingers into his balls, holding them in her fist as securely as if there weren't any clothes at all. He yelped in surprise and pain. The woman dragged him toward the tunnel he'd been avoiding. He stumbled as he followed, unable to do otherwise. The sense of dread he'd had grew as he was pulled toward the tunnel. He fought against her, but the grip she had on his flesh was secure. She was amazingly strong, much stronger than she appeared. The tunnel was lined with some strangely glowing substance that allowed him to see just enough not to slam into any walls as he tried to keep up. Of course, she deliberately moved too fast for him to really do much about it.

She turned and smiled at him, her teeth small and pearly. Despite the intensifying pain of her clutch, he struggled to escape. "Oh, shit, let me go!"

"I really don't think you're in any position to make demands, my dear." She laughed at his efforts, and mocked him by pumping her fist, making the pain throb to a rhythm of her own design. Finally, they came to a stop in a strangely bright cave. The ground beneath James's feet was crunchy and lumpy like gravel. There were little clattering noises as they came to a stop.

"Here. I've brought you a present," said the woman to some mystery person as she flung James to the floor with a smirk. She stepped on his face, her heavy bare foot cold and smooth.

From his fetal position on the floor, he peered up, worried about who or what else might be in this place. The den was lit by an unnatural wall of fire in the back. He realized now that his face was not pressed into gravel, but bits of bone. The entire floor seemed to be carpeted with the stuff. The fragments were sharp little shards that pricked his skin, adding to his misery.

He then noticed movement from the edge of the room. Two creatures that must have been lovely women at some point approached him slowly. They were dirty, with matted hair and partially healed wounds. Oddly, he realized, they were still beautiful. One reached out to him and he shrank back, unwilling to be touched. She laughed and grabbed at him, anyway. Her voice was whisper soft from disuse, but she turned to the other woman and spoke in a foreign language he didn't recognize.

He tried to take in as many details of her face as possible so he could describe her to the police when he got out of this. If he got out of this. Somehow, he doubted they would believe his story. They'd probably think he was on drugs. Her eyes were a light blue, framed with snarled reddish blond hair. Living in this underground place for so long had left her pale, but it was obvious from her coloring that she was naturally rather light. Her frame was almost boyishly petite, with small breasts and slim hips.

His scan of her features was interrupted by the other woman, who was getting onto her knees and straddling his hips. Her fingers gripped his collar and she smirked down at him, speaking with perfect English. "She said that you are more handsome than the last one they sent us. I disagree, but then, that bastard was my boyfriend- before he helped them throw me down here. I'm pretty sure sacrificing your girlfriend to an evil goddess counts as a breakup, right?" He assumed this was a rhetorical question, but nodded anyway. Sacrifice? Evil goddess? Were these three women some sort of priestesses of a weird obscure cult? The girl rose and added, "Then again, maybe you'll look yummier to me once you're naked."

The two laughed mockingly and ran their hands over his body. The woman who had brought him down here made some sort of gesture and moved, standing over him, but not on him. A knife was produced from somewhere, and his body jerked a bit as the girls worked with the knife, cutting off his clothing. He attempted to jump up while they were distracted, forgetting the woman who now stood with a foot on either side of his waist. She kicked him between his legs, sending fresh waves of immobilizing pain through him. Once he was naked, he was shackled to the floor at his wrists and ankles. The frightening woman went to a large and intricately decorated chair, placing herself comfortably in it. As he watched her, he grimaced, realizing that her throne was made up of human bones that were crudely fastened together. How many people had died in this place, and how had they perished?

"You may play with him now." She said it with a slightly eager tone. He lay there, unable to move as they mumbled to one another. He was very nervous about what they might have in mind for him. Finally, they approached him, one directly between his legs and the other off to the side. Naked, vulnerable, and confused, he was expecting some sort of torture. They both knelt down and started licking and kissing him. This was much better than the sorts of things he'd expected. Still, he tried not to react, but it was inevitable. In spite of his fear and pain, or perhaps because or it, his dick rose into the air. To his mortification, they started laughing and pointing! It wasn't girlish giggles, but outright laughter.

Once they got over their initial reaction, it seemed they were too horny to really care how much - or little- he had down there. He watched as the local girl's long dark hair made a curtain around his dick, making it look like a performer on a miniature stage. She smirked up at him, her fingers wrapped around his dick. She was stroking up and down. Then, she lowered her head and he automatically lifted up to meet her. He wasn't expecting her to move around his swollen dick to start licking slowly at his balls. She sucked one into her mouth, rolling it against her tongue. She let go of his dick and slid her hands under him, pulling him up to her face.

Then, the other girl slipped her slender fingers around his cock, running them up and down over the soft skin. She leaned down and kissed at the head of his dick. It drooled pre-cum up at her, and she licked it away before flicking her tongue down the hard flesh. After licking and kissing it, she took it into her mouth, bobbing her head slowly. The blond adjusted her position so she was straddling his chest, and though he couldn't see what they were doing anymore, at least he had a wonderful view of her tight little ass. She was tilted in a way that he could see just a hint of her pussy. It was glistening and pink, and he could see beads of moisture on the fine hairs between her pussy and ass.

Then, the girl who was slurping at his balls rose up. She said to nobody in particular, "I can't take it anymore! I've got to fuck him." Without waiting for any sort of response, she moved the blond out of her way and proceeded to sit on him. He groaned as he felt her hot pussy clenched around his dick, sliding farther and farther down. The blond on his chest didn't get up, but scooted back until her ass hit his chin, leaving a trail of wetness on his chest and neck. He could still feel her tongue moving over him, and realized she was licking both of them.

She continued for a few minutes, getting gradually more excited. She was grinding against him, and it was getting increasingly difficult to breathe with her straddling his throat. Then, she got up and he could see the girl riding his dick. She looked like she was having a fun time; she was sweating as she bounced, and had a half-smile on her face. Then, the other girl was beside her, kissing her. He watched them kiss and his eyes moved over both of them appreciatively. The kissing grew more excited, and they started to grope each other. The darker girl slipped her fingers into her friend, moving them back and forth at the same tempo she bounced on his lap.

Then, the woman who had been watching silently said something he couldn't quite make out. Although the girls slowed their motions, they didn't stop. Until this moment, he'd been so distracted by these two, he'd forgotten about the situation. He'd forgotten the woman was even there. Between them, James was getting the fucking of a lifetime. Some part of him had begun to suspect he had found himself in the middle of some weird pagan ritual involving lots of sex and a little pain. That wouldn't be so bad. Yes, it had hurt to be dragged around by the balls, but it wasn't as if he hadn't enjoyed it, at least a little, and now his dick was buried in this girl's pussy. She had been forced into this life, but she seemed happy to be here. Maybe he would be, too.

Deep down, however, he knew it was all wishful thinking. He couldn't help thinking of the woman who was watching everything. He was very afraid of what she might be doing, and suddenly remembered what the girl on her knees had said. Her boyfriend had been dragged down here, too. He wasn't here now. Had he been permitted to leave? Was he still somewhere down here? Somehow, James knew that he was probably being rubbed against the bones that once made the framework of that guy. He knew he should be trying to think of a way to escape. He started losing his erection, and was looking around for a way to defend himself when the woman spoke again.

The two stopped what they were doing. The blond got on her knees at his head, spreading her legs apart and sitting on his face. He tried turning his face, making some feeble attempt to fight. The slave just sat, waiting expectantly. He continued to do nothing, pretending to himself that it made a real difference. She finally spoke, in broken English.

"You must do, or I not get up. You not breathe." As she spoke, she readjusted her position, allowing gravity to prove her point. He surrendered, thinking it would be pretty stupid to die over something like this. He opened his mouth and slipped his tongue into her obediently. She moved up and down, permitting him to breathe for moments here and there. He was getting dizzy with the lack of oxygen, but kept spearing his tongue into the hot folds of wet flesh pressing into his face.

In the meanwhile, the darker girl had also changed position. He'd gone from fully erect to only semi-hard, and she perched on him, facing his feet. Reaching between their legs, she grabbed his balls, clenching tightly and shouting threats at him that he'd better get hard, and she'd better cum, or she would punish him. His dick swelled anew, and she rode him with increasing speed, eagerly going after her orgasm.

He could tell this sudden urgency from both of them was more than the need to cum. It was some sort of anxiety, which was contagious. He didn't know what they were so afraid of, but he was completely helpless, shackled as he was. Bits of broken bone dug into his skin as he was jerked back and forth, pricking and scratching at him. The girl on his face suddenly thrashed about, and his face was coated with her cum. He licked as much of it up as he could. She stayed where she was, and he continued licking and sucking at her quivering pussy.

"I grow bored." The evil woman said softly and quietly, very near him. He hadn't even heard her drawing near, but she was flinging the slaves from their positions. The girls whimpered as they landed on the floor. They released him from the bonds that held him fast. The lady pulled at his balls again. He scrambled to follow, his dick still somewhat hard from what had been happening only moments ago. The shards of bone on the ground were cutting into his feet, and he followed her in little hops. His dick bobbed as he moved, and she looked down in amusement. She spoke to it in the way one might speak to a small child. "Did you get to pretend to be a big boy? Were you having fun? Maybe you'll do it again someday, when you're all grown up! If you ever grow up."

She smiled that cruel smile again, her eyes meeting his. She pulled him along by the balls as she walked away, then made him lean against a stone table that he recognized must be a macabre altar. It had bits of rotten flesh on it in bowls, little piles of ash, fragments of bone, and smears that seemed to be blood stains. Around them was a circle on the ground with strange symbols he'd never seen, and behind him was a large statue. She extended her hand, making a rather loud sound that was between hissing and words. The knife flew to her hand and she trailed it over his skin, making tiny incisions as she did. The cuts were minuscule but stung quite a bit, and she leaned down to lap at a line of blood that trickled down his chest.
