 A fantasy tale of a sexy would be vampiress with just a little bite.

*

Ever since I can remember I have had some sort of a biting fetish, strong women and their teeth have always fascinated me. When I was 18, I got a girlfriend slightly older than myself who went quite some way to fulfilling my fantasy. I never really got on with Jes on a one to one level but she was always wonderfully horny and far more experienced than me so that didn't matter too much. 

Jes used to let me just sit and run my finger over her teeth. She had a fantastic mouth, large lips and a full tongue but most of all devilish teeth. She had smallish front incisors but with very sharp edges flanked by extremely pointed fang teeth. In fact once on Halloween she put on a cape and dressed up as a vampires and more than one person remarked that she had realistic looking fangs and was then shocked to find out they were real. The best thing about Jes was that she liked to bite, hard. 

I don't know if she did before meeting me but she definitely did while I knew her. She told me often how excited she got feeling her teeth sink into my skin and wondering how far she could go. She told me that she was epileptic and that if she had a fit her jaw would clamp shut with all of her strength. I never really knew if she was or not but it certainly worried me a little when I had some part of me in her mouth.

Friday evenings would generally start with me going round to her house where she would be dressed in a fantastic little black number. She would have prepared a meal for us, which we would eat. Each mouthful her eyes fixed on mine as she deliberately passed morsels between her beautiful big red lips. At the end she would announce that she wanted dessert and we would adjourn to her sofa for her to take it. 

The game would start with her lying back, closing her eyes and opening her mouth wide. Her warm wet breath emanating from her soft wet palette. Gingerly I would run my fingers along her teeth and when she felt me she would snap her mouth shut. 

The excitement would mount as I would try to get my finger further and further into her mouth, caressing all the way to her back teeth. Sooner or later she would catch me and pin my fingers. Sometimes she would let me go but sometimes she would bite me hard enough to leave some sort of mark. I liked it best when she bit me hard because this turned us both on. 

I remember one evening, leaning over to her, looking at her front teeth denting hard into two of my fingers. Then without releasing me she slid her hand down her thighs, peeling up her skirt to reveal her freshly shaved plump pink pussy. She slid her own fingers into her slit and started caressing herself, as she rubbed she bit harder into my fingers. It got to the point where it hurt me too much to keep my finger there and I started to try to prize her mouth open with my free hand. 

My protests of pain only turned her on more and she rubbed herself harder. Finally she released me and sat up. I looked at my finger, she had actually drawn blood. Jes wasn't finished; she demanded that I put my cock in her mouth to replace the fingers. I was actually pretty worried and only agreed when she promised that she wouldn't bite as hard as before.

It felt great, watching her take my hard on, caress the tip with her big red lips and then insert it so that it rubbed along the line of her teeth. She smiled at me and murmured as she gripped it lightly between her fang teeth. Her finger was back in her pussy. My cock was the hardest it had ever been but I was actually very worried.

She bit down harder on it as she rubbed herself more, far enough for the extension of her fang teeth to dent into my cock so it became flush with the rest of her teeth. That hurt but it felt great. Then she released me, leaving teeth marks down the length of my shaft. 

She kneeled up on the sofa and pushed me onto my back. Holding my cock tightly in her fist as she rubbed her lower lips up and down my chest. The she sat back, guiding me expertly into her. It felt great as she slid down on me. Before she started moving she said that she 'wanted a finger'. I didn't really want to give her the one she had had before so I gave her my forearm as I propped myself forward. As she started to slide up and down my length she brought her face close to mine. She peeled back her lips into a snarl so I could see those big teeth as they closed down on the arm she was holding. As I came closer to orgasm, she bit harder which, strangely for me made me harder but kept me from coming a little longer. 

The harder she bit, the closer she came, I could feel that big shaved pussy contracting round me as she climaxed. As she came, the orgasms seemed to roll through her, she bit harder and harder. I could see those sharp teeth sinking into my arm. I actually tried to get away but she was holding my arm in her mouth with both of her hands and her thighs were clamped round my hips. She raced up and down me, her teeth no longer visible above my skin-line. Then she finished and what made me come the best I ever had was the sight of my blood on those big teeth as they were taken out of my arm.