 Jill laughed when she heard the maids. They were walking down her hallway jabbering away, obviously unaware that Room 222 was now occupied.

"It was the fucking ghost again I tell you. He got to that woman on 212 and now she wants to sue us. The horny bastard is going to bankrupt us one of these days."

"Nobody believes in ghosts and no one would believe her story. It wasn't him that scared the woman anyway; it was she who scared herself with her own lust. And I bet you twenty dollars she comes back in under a year and asks for the same room."

"No bet. I've seen that before."

The two broke into laughter as they continued down the hallway.

Jill chuckled to herself. "Another hotel with a resident ghost scaring the women. Hmmmm. Why did they refer to him as a horny ghost?"

Jill was in too good a mood to worry about ghosts. She had just ended a cold, one-sided relationship and was on her way to a new life. She did not know exactly where that was going to be so she had packed everything the bastard had not given her and started driving east. She was now in a small but nice hotel in Santa Fe.

She had enough money to last a year if she did not worry about money, at least five if she did. She had accumulated five years worth of salary during her marriage.

She was sure she would know her new home when she saw it and was confident it would not take more than a few weeks. With a degree and a teaching certificate she knew she would be OK.

Jill loved Santa Fe at first sight but it did not feel like home. Still, she liked the city and area well enough to register at the hotel for a week, Sunday to Saturday.

After she put her stuff away she left the hotel and strolled around the Old Town. She loved the colors, she loved the shops, and the people fascinated her.

As evening approached she walked into a Mexican restaurant for dinner. She was a good-looking woman alone so she received very attentive service by her server, a young man that reeked of sexuality.

"I bet he does not stick in for forty seconds and is asleep by forty five like the asshole," she thought to herself. "For three years the only orgasms that I've had that were not of my own doing were at the hands and tongue of his sister. Her, I will miss."

The meal was delicious and by the end of the dinner her server was definitely flirting with her. She toyed with the idea of taking him to her hotel and fucking his brains out but decided it was too soon.

She paid her bill, leaving her server a generous tip and made her way back to the hotel. Apparently she had more margaritas than she thought because walking required concentration. She stripped naked as soon as she was her room and stepped into the shower. The long day of driving, the large meal, and the margaritas were pushing her hard towards the bed. She left her clothes strewn across the floor and crawled into bed naked. She was asleep in seconds.

During the night she had a dream that was so erotic it woke her up confused and horny. In her dream a slim dark haired man with blue eyes was making love to her pussy with his hands and mouth while a woman with red hair and silky white skin watched. As Jill watched the woman the dark haired man mounted her and fucked her with sure strokes. He disappeared before Jill could cum. The woman approached.

In her dream Jill reached out for the woman who seemed to be startled and surprised by the gesture. She tentatively approached Jill and as she did the gown she was wearing dissolved, leaving her naked. Her hand had just caressed Jill's when she too vanished.

Jill had lost two lovers in one dream leaving her horny as hell. She attacked her pussy with both hands bringing herself to a big orgasm quickly. Immediately she fell back asleep.

She was pretty groggy the next morning. The details of her dream had started to fade and all that remained was the lasting effect of too many margaritas. After refreshing herself in the bathroom she set out to pick up her clothes from the floor.

Everything had been put away before she noticed that she had not found her panties. Two more searches around the room left her wondering if she had a better time last night that she thought.

"Maybe I left them with the tip for the server" she giggled to herself. She assumed she would just run into them in her room before she left. They were her favorite lavender bikini panties.

There was a knock at the door and before Jill could react a young maid came into the room. Jill was naked, standing in front of a mirror; a hand was softly caressing a breast. The pretty young maid was bowing in apology for the intrusion and gestured she could come back later.

Jill noticed the girl could not make her feet move, could not take her eyes off her naked body. The sweet girl could not decide whether to look at her pussy or her full tits. Jill watched fascinated as the woman's nipples attempted to break through her uniform. Jill pinched one of her own nipples.

Jill was a beautiful tall blonde, the kind of woman that is chosen as a trophy wife, which was exactly what she had run away from. The lack of warmth in her relationship pushed her into the arms of a woman. She had come to rely on a woman for her sexual pleasure. The woman in the room was looking at Jill the way she wanted to be looked at.

Jill's pussy became moist and her nipples became erect.

Somewhere in her mind the maid recognized that as an invitation.

She locked the door behind her and walked slowly to Jill. The housekeeper kissed Jill's' neck, tits, belly, as she sank to her knees. Her lips kissed Jill's' pussy which forced her to retreat to the bed. The maid followed and as soon as Jill was on her back she resumed lapping her pussy. Jill's cum roared into her body quickly. By the time she regained her breath the maid was gone.

"Now that is what I call room service," said Jill with a laugh.

She dressed and at nine forty five she went in search of breakfast.

She did not see the maid on the way out so she told the desk that it was OK for them to clean up the room now.

The lady at the desk smiled and said, "Your room is scheduled for two o'clock." Would you like it done before then?"

"No, that will be fine. Will that be the time each day?"

"Yes, unless you request otherwise. We can have somebody in your room as early as ten when our housekeepers come in."

Jill managed to say, "Two is fine," and turned away before the lady saw the look of confusion in her face.

"What the hell is going on here? Who was that woman this morning?"

While Jill's mind grappled with that puzzle her nose led her to a bakery. There were several tables outside and she sank into a chair at the t table nearest the door. A striking young woman with a nametag that said "Mia" asked if she needed coffee.

Jill nodded and looking directly at the oriental beauty added, "Something good to eat would be nice too."

The young woman asked Jill, "Anything you especially like to eat?"

A bystander or a passer by would not have found anything unusual in this conversation but both women now knew where their next pussy was coming from.

"Anything you would like I would like," answered Jill in confirmation.

Within their ensuing conversations during Jill's breakfast their bodies whispered past each other in soft contact. Their heads huddled together as closely as a public sidewalk would allow. Every gesture and word promised future delights. Within minutes each had a condensed version of the other's life story.

Two coffees and a southwestern egg pastry later. Jill was ready to investigate her surroundings. She asked her future lover for suggestions on what to explore that day.

She listened to several suggestions but was told that "since her best option to probe around was not available until after two in the afternoon shopping at the town market would fit her schedule better."

Their hands caressed as check and moneys were exchanged. Two pussies were now eager with anticipation.

As she went back to the hotel room she stopped by the desk and asked that her room be done before two. The now confused lady at the desk said no problem. Jill was just leaving her room after a pee when one of the housekeepers she had seen the previous day stopped at her door. Jill thanked her for starting early and went shopping.

She had just returned from her shopping trip and was about to step in the shower when there was a knock at her door.

Through the peep she saw it was Mia and let her in, the second time that day a woman had come into her room while she was naked.

As soon as the door was closed Mia gave Jill a very enthusiastic kiss. As they separated Jill pulled Mia towards the bathroom and told her to join her in the shower. Mia was naked and wet in under a minute. Each soaped every inch of the others body and after it was rinsed it was kissed. Then a new segment of bare skin was treated in similar fashion. Four tits squeaked to the touch by the time they were treated.

They did a very poor job of drying each other off before the hurried to the bed and into each other's arms.

Jill loved Mia's enthusiasm for her body. She rubbed her face over Jill's chest, tits, tummy, thighs and pussy. Her pussy licking was delightful but not very skilled.

Jill's pussy had been serviced that morning and she really wanted a taste of Mia's so she pulled her to the head of the bed then kissed her way down her body.

After a nice and very quick Mia cum Jill lifted her head above Mia's thighs and asked her how many times she had made love to a woman.

Mia said, "You are my third. I really try to stay away from women, in my family that would be enough for exile. But sometimes I see a woman and I can't stand how much I want her, ache for her, need her. In two years you are only the third I have made it to bed with. You are also the one I wanted most."

Jill looked at her. She looked sincere, hell she was blushing. Jill decided that the afternoon would be for lessons in lovemaking, fucking could wait.

"Mia sweetheart. I am going to show you how to enjoy a woman more. It is important for you to know that this is not going to be the only time we make love so there is no hurry about anything. Take your time and always enjoy the soft bodies with you as I can assure you I will enjoy the soft body with me now." 

Jill draped her body over Mia's and told her to relax her lips and let her do everything. Jill kissed her upper lip, her nose, then her lower lip, trapping it between her lips. She then pressed both lips to Mia's gently. She told Mia to kiss her back exactly the same. It took Mia three tries to get the soft touch but by then Jill was enjoying the kisses as kisses.

Next step, after repeating the three kisses in succession Jill ran the tip of her tongue across Mia's lips softly, slowly.

Again Mia had to repeat the sequence before she learned not to thrust her tongue deep into Jill's mouth. 

Mia was already moaning and her hips were thrusting up in an effort to have their pussies merge. Jill lifted her hips and pussy away and urged Mia to concentrate on the kissing. 

Once she got the tongue caress down pat Jill lowered her hips and pressed her pussy against Mia's. As her pupil groaned Jill added deep-probing tongues, dueling tongues and tongue sucking to the kiss repertoire. Mia had a very loud orgasm as she hugged Jill ferociously to her.

The afterglow produced some many fine kisses from Mia and Jill was proud that her lesson was well learned. 

It was now close to five and Mia announced she needed to be home before her husband got there. Jill slid down to Mia's pussy and in less than a minute led her to another earthshaking orgasm. As Mia calmed Jill kissed her way up her body, reviewed the sequence of kisses and said, "tomorrows lesson is tits." Mia kissed Jill goodbye and left. Jill closed the door behind her and flopped into her bed.

"Mia is so sweet", she thought. "Can't wait for the pussy licking lesson on Wednesday."

Jill's hand had drifted to her pussy and was about to cross the boundary from idle caress to masturbation when someone knocked at the door. Before she could move the door opened and the morning housekeeper came in. Without saying a word she climbed up the foot of the bed and dove at Jill's pussy. 

Every question Jill was going to ask this woman was left unasked as her expert mouth, tongue, and fingers took her for a skyrocket ride. Jill fought her body to no avail; it exploded into orgasm around the woman's tongue.

She shook off the mental numbness that came with the orgasm as fast as she could and tried to keep the woman in the room. It was too late, the woman was gone. As Jill slowly regained her strength she suddenly felt the hair on the back of her neck rise.

The door had never opened, had never closed yet the woman was gone. And how did she know for the second time that day that it was exactly what Jill needed at that point? Shopping and fucking were perfect days normally, but the mystery of this day was enough to keep Jill on edge.

She had dinner at a small Italian restaurant near her hotel. She was not in the mood for interaction so her only conversation was with her server, a nice young man who was most likely gay. She kept track of the amount of wine she drank and stopped well short of problematic.

When she returned to her hotel room she showered and put her clothes away. For the second straight night she went to bed naked.

Her dream returned. This time the man was already fucking her and the red headed woman was already nude. Jill extended her arms to her and the redhead came to her on the bed. As the woman kissed Jill the man gifted her with an orgasm, then vanished.

In her dream Jill and the woman then made love, fucked, and held each other for what seemed like an eternity.

The next morning Jill was awakened by a knock at the door. She was about to pounce on her mystery lover when she saw the regular housekeeper walk in. Surprised to see Jill still in the room the lady asked if she still wanted her room done before two. Jill said yes and apologized for her state. Within ten minutes she was at the bakery with coffee, brunch, and Mia.

Mia saw the state Jill was in asked if she was OK. Jill explained it was just a long restless night. After coffee and pastry she said she was going back to the room and go to sleep.

Mia looked at Jill with the expression of a little girl that was the only one not to get ice cream.

"Mia, your lesson is at two. Keep knocking until I get the door."

Mia's smile rivaled the morning sun.

"It's so good knowing someone has a crush on me," thought Jill. "It's been a while."

Shortly after returning to her room Jill was once again nude and asleep. She awoke to a series of kisses. Familiar kisses, rehearsed kisses, but meaningful kisses. Jill relished them then opened her eyes and hugged Mia to her.

Mia kissed Jill then said, "Tits today, right?"

She slid down Jill's body and as she had done the previous day she rubbed her face on Jill's tits, but today she was doing it slowly, gently, she was making Jill's tits caress her face.

It was obvious to Jill that Mia had spent a lot of time thinking about her previous lesson.

"What a great student you are" said Jill. "You transferred one lesson to a different area and adapted it. Smart lady. I love that"

Mia swelled with pride and treated Jill to her next adaptation by trapping a nipple between her lips and swirling her tongue around it. When switching tits her tongue trailed a path from mound to mound. She paused between tits and gently pressed them to her face, licking all through Jill's cleavage. Mia was not hurrying any of her movements. She had in fact wondered all night why she had rushed before; she had not given herself the opportunity to savor a female body.

Jill was getting very hot very quickly.

Very slowly Mia kissed her way down Jill's body. As she slid between Jill's legs she continued to kiss, lick, and rub her face on every inch of skin she passed.

She bypassed Jill's pussy and kissed her half way down to the knee on her left thigh and back up the right.

When Mia at last arrived at Jill's pussy she employed the same lesson she had learned for kissing. Her best adaptation was to treat Jill's clit as she would a tongue.

Again Mia took her time and continued to do so even when Jill obviously wanted her to go faster and harder. The end result was that when Jill's first orgasm finally arrived it was monumental and was followed in quick succession by at least four more.

Jill eventually had to push Mia away from her very tender pussy. As she and Mia cuddled in post-orgasmic glow Jill praised her erstwhile pupil lavishly.

"Sweetheart," Jill said, "You are going to have a lot of return customers. You are fantastic."

Mia basked in her mentors praises until she felt lips traveling down her body. Jill knew that there were different preferences in lovemaking and knew Mia liked hers a bit rougher. Jill squeezed Mia's tits a little harder, sucked on the nipples a bit more forcefully. Her trip to Mia's pussy was shorter with no side trips after the tits. Lastly, Mia wanted to be devoured.

Jill played her body like a virtuoso, bringing Mia to a long series of orgasms and bringing tears to Mia's eyes.

It neared five o'clock and Mia was dressing to go home and prepare dinner for her husband. A date for the following afternoon had been confirmed. As Mia walked to the door a question that Jill had in the back of her mind burst out.

"How did you get in the room today?"

"A housekeeper let me in. She seemed to know where I was going. Pretty lady, young, with very nice tits that she rubbed on me as I came into the room. I want her. She may be my next."

"What do you know about ghosts in this hotel?"

"Only that there are supposed to be several. Mr. Elizondo would know. He stops by the bakery for breakfast early every day. He was the concierge of this hotel for thirty years."

"When is he usually there?"

"Before eight. Why the interest?"

"Because my lovely Mia, I am positive the woman with the nice tits that let you in is a ghost."

Mia's laugh stopped short when she saw that Jill was dead serious. She left the room shaking her head.

Nearly three hours of lovemaking had drained Jill and she decided a nap before dinner would be good.

Apparently she needed more sleep than she though and it was after eight when she awoke. She did not feel like going out to eat but thought maybe she could get room service.

After perusing the room service menu and making her choices she picked up the phone and started to dial. At that moment there was a knock on the door and her mystery servant walked in with a tray of food.

Somehow Jill was not terribly surprised and hung up the phone.

The room had a small table and two chairs. Jill left the bed and still naked sat at the table and waited for the apparition to serve her. It was exactly what she was going to order.

Jill noted for the first time that the young lady had a small nametag on her uniform, it read Edna. Jill thanked Edna for her prompt and expert service. This brought the first smile Jill had seen on Edna's face.

As Jill settled down to sup Edna made a move to leave. Jill stopped her and gently asked her to sit with her. Edna's expression told Jill that it would not be proper for her to comply.

It was readily apparent to Jill that Edna took pride in her service so Jill said "It would make a guest of your hotel very happy if you remained with her."

Edna's eyes lit up and promptly sat in the other chair. Jill finished her onion soup in silence wondering how any of this could be.

She wondered how and when Edna had died. Her housekeeper uniform did not match the uniforms of the present day ladies but the logo of the hotel was clearly embroidered on it
