 "No," she moaned, her head twisting against the satin covered pillow. "Please, let me go. I don't want this," she keened, her voice rising as panic and fear twisted inside of her. "I don't want you."

"Hush, my darling," he breathed, coming to sit down next to her on the soft pallet, his fingers tickling across the white silk that covered her sumptuous figure. "You will want me, you will beg to be with me before we're through," he said softly.

She felt the light pressure of his fingers trail across her nipple, felt it grow hard, budding under the silk that felt as another caress to her skin. It prickled with sensation as if shot with some sort of electrical charge, the current running through her and into her groin, sizzling with heat and making her grow wet against her will. "No," she moaned again. "No, no, no." Her head tossed upon the pillow, her body squirmed, trying to get away from him. 

"Why do you fight me? You know you want this as much as I. You crave my touch, my hands upon your soft skin, giving you pleasure. Why deny us both what we both want so badly?" He slid down further until he was lying beside her, his lips brushing against her cheek.

"I-I don't. I can't want you. I d-don't even know you," she cried. She felt his fingers on her and then a tingling pain. Looking down, she watched as his nails carved slits into the thin white silk, gasping as one nail sliced into her flesh below the silk, her blood blossoming like a bright red rose against the white. "Stop!"

He lifted his hand to his lips, licking the small smudge of blood off of his nail, his eyes seeming to glow with the taste of the metallic fluid. His handsome visage wavered for just a moment, showing it for the façade it truly was as fangs protruded from twisted lips, scarred flesh covering his rancid face His eyes were bloodshot and bulging, his head misshapen. 

"What are you?" she screamed, closing her eyes as thoughts of madness and demons flooded her mind.

"I am nothing but what you seek, Brianna. I am love and kindness, understanding and sweetness." He pushed the hair from her face, his eyes once more blue and sexy, his skin clear, his lips lush and firm. "I am the man you will grow to love."

"No, I don't love you. I won't. I loved Jeff." She fought with the bindings that had her bound to the bed, almost screaming as they didn't give.

He lifted a hand, bringing to her lips a succulent red strawberry. "Take a bite," he whispered against her cheek. "You can't resist the smell, can you?"

Her eyes closed once more, a moan of need coming from her lips. "No, I want it," she whimpered. 

He fed her the fruit, watching intently as she bit into it, sweet red juice coating her lips like the purest of gloss, shining them a glistening pink. Then his tongue came out, stroking over her sweetness, enhanced by the taste of the berry. "That's it," he whispered as she tried to kiss him. "Surrender."

"What do you want from me?" She writhed against the bonds, pressing up against his body, wanting him so badly.

He smiled, the blue of his eyes shining down upon her, admiring the picture of abject misery and need she made under him. "I want you, my love. I want all of you, your body," he whispered, stroking his hands over her and delving in the ripped slits in the silk. "Your mind." He kissed her forehead, letting his tongue trace over her eyebrow and down . "Your soul," he said as he shifted over her, his hand grasping the front of the gown and tearing it from her, his lips buried in the skin between her breasts. "Our baby." 

"B-baby?!" she exclaimed, even as his mouth moved to the tip of her breast, his tongue lapping at her responsive nipple. "I don't want to get pregnant."

"What you want doesn't matter," he said cruelly. "What I want is what is important. You will submit in due time and then we shall be happy together. It has been foretold." His hand moved upon her skin, sliding over her soft stomach, ripples of pleasure following in his wake. She cried out as he touched her thighs, her legs parting with such ease even as she fought to hold them closed.

"This is a dream," she cried, tears of terror, of passion and desperate need spilling from her eyes. "You are nothing more than a nightmare."

Fingers delved between her thighs, playing in the fluidity of her desire, laughing as he pushed easily inside of her. "I'd say more of a wet dream," he quipped, rising up and pressing a kiss to her nose. "You are so delightful, Brianna. Since you give me so much joy and pleasure, let me do this for you." He moved lower before she could speak and she felt the thickness of his tongue.

It swiped at the pink flesh between her legs, licking at the drops of her arousal with a satisfied moan. It was electric, every stroke made her arch up against him, every touch of his tongue upon her clit drove her higher, taking her from plateau to plateau of pleasure until she shuddered delicately against him, her cries ringing in the air above them.

"Yes," he groaned, moving up her body, his thick and rampant cock rubbing along the slender curve of her leg. "That was wonderful, my love. Now, accept me, all of me." He grabbed her ankles, sliding her legs up his arms until she was caught at his elbows and bent almost in two. The head of his shaft was swollen, angry looking. It pulsed against her wet slit, delving into the pinkness of her pussy with little regard for the pitiful cries that escaped her lips.

"Please don't," she moaned, feeling him stab at her with his blunt, rounded head. "Please, I don't want to get pregnant."

"Yes," he groaned, pushing inside of her. "You are ripe. You're ready, Brianna. You're mine."

His chest pressed her knees down toward her breasts, letting him in deeper. She could feel him, feel every ridge and vein of his erection as it slid inside her creamy folds. The same tension that had burst earlier began to coil deep within her as he moved over her. Hard, almost punishing thrusts slammed against her, harsh friction drew her deeper into the trailing web of desire that he wrapped brutally around her.

Brianna grabbed the restraints in her fists, pulling on them with a strength born of desperation. She moved under him, needy and wanting, begging for the pleasure he could bring. Whimpers left her mouth with every pummeling stroke of his body, pleas filled the air as he pulled away, moving until just the tip of his thick cock was inside of her. Then he'd slam back inside, over and over until she could stand it no longer.

"H-help me," she cried, the desire that slammed through her as sharp as talons. "P-please!" Sobs shook her body as she arched and writhed under him, her breasts rubbing against the heated wall of his chest, her hips undulating up against him, begging him to make her come.

"Yes," he growled, his voice thick, deep, sounding of the evil that blackened his soul. "Yes, Brianna. Fuck me too."

She cried out as the pleasure started, a shattering sense of heat inside her bruised womb that grew until it covered her with tendrils of ecstasy. Her thighs shook, her hands dug into the sheets, tearing at the soft fabric. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head as the unbelievable darkness took her. She couldn't breathe, she couldn't speak as her body convulsed, the muscles surrounding his thickness fluttering in a madness of rapturous sensations.

Above her, he gritted his teeth, his head thrown back, his grip on the glamour that covered his true form slipping once more. If she'd seen him, if she'd been aware on any level of what kind of entity had possessed her body, her horror would have overpowered her orgasm, leaving her drooling and insane.

Instead, he poured the heated thickness of his potent seed into her convulsing womb, growling and snapping almost like a rabid dog would at the ecstasy he felt. His baby would grow here, for if she weren't pregnant now, she would be after the next time he took her. His son would nurse at her breasts, as he would too. Even after his child was born from her, he would want her. He could feel it. She was delicious.

His tongue lolled out of his mouth, touching her skin, tasting the salt of her sweat. He pulled from her body, slowly letting her legs down, slipping down further so that he lay between them. His chin rested upon her mound, feeling the downy softness of her curls against his once more handsome chin. "Brianna," he whispered. "Brianna, look at me."

Her head turned to the side, her eyes closing tightly. A rosy blush rose from her breasts, filling her cheeks with color in the flickering lights of the candles. With a small moan, she shook her head, defiant even after what he'd done to her.

"Oh, I love your spirit, your will, it will be so sweet when you finally confess your true love to me." He slid down a bit further, his nostrils flaring as he inhaled the musky aroma of the mixture of their spending. His tongue, long and sinuous, slipped from between his lips, flicking against the overly sensitive flesh. He heard her moan and felt her try to close her legs, but his shoulders held them apart.

"No," she whimpered. "Please, it's too much."

"Yes, if you do not look at me, I will make you come again and again until you do." He flattened his tongue, pressing it against her clit, moving it back and forth quickly until she gasped, her hands clawing at the restraints once more to try and pull her body away from his teasing tongue.

He laughed at her feeble efforts, easily holding her open under him, hearing the way her breathing changed, the almost desperate clasp of her thighs as they wrapped around his head. She no longer tried to get away, no, now she pushed against him, unable to stop as he took her up again, the pleasure pain-like in its intensity.

The slide down was long, her breathing ragged, her heart beating rapidly against his chest. She barely heard his words. She didn't notice the strangeness of them as he stroked a soft hand over her cheek, breathing against her shoulder, his finger tracing a pattern over the soft rise of her breast over and over.

