 It was ironic, Jack thought as he lay in the hospital bed, that four months ago he had been given a life term. At 45 years of age, that would have translated into 30 or more years in prison. Now, it appeared that number would be more like four months.

He knew he had cancer when he abducted and raped Karen Anderson. And when he left the 18-year old tied to a tree deep in the forest, beaten and dying, he had planned on beating the disease. He had put up with the chemo, and the retching and vomiting that accompanied it, but upon his conviction he decided that the unpleasantness of the treatment wasn't worth it. He chuckled to himself, the laugh sounding like a death rattle as his fluid-filled lungs strained for air. Society had hoped to keep him in prison for a long time, but now he would be free shortly, dead but free.

He had the feeling someone was in the room with him and when he opened his eyes, he saw a young lady standing at the foot of his bed. Very nice, he thought to himself. The girl, not more than 20, was dressed in a somewhat conservative dress and had long, blonde hair. He thought for a minute what it would be like fucking her. He always liked the young ones.

"What do you want?" he asked/coughed.

The young lady smiled at him. "I'm here to get you," she replied.

"Where am I going?" Jack asked. He wasn't scheduled for anything. In fact, the morgue would probably be his next stop.

"You're going to heaven, Jack," the young lady replied. "I'm here to take you."

"You're taking me to heaven? Jack asked. "What are you, an angel or something?"

"That's right," she replied.

"Where are your wings, angel?"

"Common misconception," the angel answered as she walked to the side of Jack's bed. "We appear in a form that is most similar to the beings we are bringing to heaven. For people, it is the human form, without wings of course since there aren't any humans with wings. For animals, we take their form. For beings on the planet Krael, we take the form of a Kraelian."

Jack looked at her amused. "You're joking, right?"

"No," the angel answered. "Watch this." The angel stood still for a second and then morphed into a cloud of mist, reappearing as a bear. She then morphed again to mist and reappeared as a strange looking figure, 7 feet tall and thin as a stick. A second later she reappeared in human form.

"That last one was a Kraelian. Pretty cool, eh?" she said smiling.

Jack looked at her convinced that she was what she said she was.

"Well, if you are here to take someone to heaven you are probably in the wrong room," he said to her.

"No, I'm in the right spot. Jack Berger, age 45, grew up in San Francisco, left high school when you were 14, served in Viet Nam for two tours, almost beat your first wife to death, shot a man in a hold up and hid in a trash bin to escape, kidnapped and raped a girl and left her to die. Are you the right Jack Berger?"

"OK, so you got the right guy," Jack replied, "but I don't think I'm going to heaven. More likely I'm going to hell."

"Another common misconception," the angel replied. "There is no hell, only heaven."

"If I knew that was the case, I would have lived a wilder life," Jack smirked.

"Looks like you already did," the angel replied.

"So, what do you do, hang around until I die and then fly me to heaven?"

They were all the same, the angel thought to herself.

"No need to hang around," she replied. "You died ten minutes ago."

Jack paused for a minute and then realized she was right. He was no longer struggling to breathe, in fact he wasn't breathing at all. His body, previously wracked with pain, now seemed to float on the bed with no sensation of any feeling.

"So now what?" he asked.

"Well," the angel explained, "heaven is just an eternity of a specific sensation of your choosing. For example, I just brought a little boy to heaven and his favorite sensation was hugging his dog. He loved the feel of the soft fur and the warmth of the animal's body against his. For eternity, that little boy will experience that sensation. It will never go away and he will never grow tired of it.

"A lady I just took to heaven always liked the sensation of biting into a chocolate covered cherry. She loved the scent of the candy, the taste of the chocolate and cherry and the texture of the juice as she bit into the candy. That will be her sensation forever."

"So, what's my sensation?" Jack asked.

"That's up to you," the angel replied. "what ever you want is what you will get."

"Anything?" Jack asked.

"Anything" she replied.

Jack thought for a minute.

"Anything?" he asked again. "No matter what?"

"That's correct," the angel replied.

"What I want," Jack explained, "is to spend eternity fucking Karen Anderson. She had a hot, tight pussy and she was a virgin." He looked into the angel's eyes looking for a reaction.

"That's fine," the angel replied. "Are you ready?"

"You're going to let me do that?" Jack asked.

"Yes, if that is what you want," she replied.

Jack laughed. "Yeah, that's what I want."

The angel smiled. "Well, then, it's time to go to heaven. You will start to experience the sensation shortly. Close your eyes and let me take it from here."

"Hey, what's your name anyway?" he asked as he closed his eyes.

"Justice," the angel replied. "Justice is my name."

Jack felt his cock start to stir, getting harder and harder without any stimulation. Next, he felt as if he had turned over and was lying on top of someone and his cock, now fully erect, was sliding into something. He opened his eyes.

There underneath him was the rotting corpse of Karen Anderson, the girl he left to die. Dead skin was peeling off her face and maggots crawled from her eyes. Her hair, once long and blonde, hung like coarse straw from her head.

Jack gagged at the sight, heaving as if he were vomiting with nothing to throw up. The smell, that of decomposing flesh and blood, burned his nose and throat. All the while, Jack pumped his cock into the dead girl's vagina, a vagina that consisted of nothing but hardened tissues the texture of sandpaper. 

He tried to pull away yet his desire, his wish for eternal sensation, demanded that he continue forever having sex with Karen Anderson.