 It was All Hallows' Eve, and the middle-aged man had just sat down for his evening meal, as he had for several weeks now, quite alone. His beloved and beautiful wife, Evelyn, had taken quite ill recently and had been unable to come down to supper. She was, in fact, so weak that she was unable to rise from her bed for more than a few minutes a day. 

The 'Judge' - as everyone called him, even though he had since left the bench to return to private practice - had made her as comfortable as he could, making frequent runs from their house, a quiet Tudor-style home, the last house on the block on Cemetery Hill, to the apothecary shop in the village for various medicinal herbs and concoctions. His wife placed little trust in modern medicine. 

And so her devoted husband did his best, placing cool compresses on her forehead and mixing various home remedies, but to his great distress, her condition simply would not improve. 

He was well prepared, however, for all the trick-or-treaters who might come to call later on this evening. He had jars of chocolate M & Ms, Snickers, Red Twisters, and even a few individually wrapped pieces of Godiva chocolate. He smiled to himself as he thought that he'd give those away last, assuming that he ran out of the others. And if he didn't run out, well - then he'd just have to eat that chocolate himself, even if Evelyn wouldn't approve.

Just as the Judge poured himself a full glass of a pleasant Napa Valley Merlot, then tilted the crystal glass at a sharp angle to appreciate the dark rose color as it caught the last few rays of the setting sun, the doorbell gave a sharp ring. Beyond the hallway to the front door, he could make out the muffled sounds of giggling and laughter. The man frowned, looked up at the dining room grandfather clock, which was just beginning to chime the quarter hour, and saw that it was just 5:15. 

"My goodness," he said to himself, "they are starting early this year." 

Only two female callers were at the door - a tall dark-eyed brunette and her shorter dirty-blonde companion, both in outlandish outfits that were quite revealing, even for Halloween. 

"Aren't you girls getting a little old for this kid's stuff?" asked the man, as he glanced down at the ample neckline of the taller of the two, and the exposed milky-white thighs of the second one. 

"I'm a witch, and she's an evil spirit," burbled the brunette, between long, languid licks on a bright red tootsie-pop, "So you have to give us a treat, or we'll cast a spell on you." 

"I suppose so," said the Judge warily, trying to get a better look at the duo in the gathering darkness. "You both look familiar. I have a feeling I've seen you before."

"Oh shit, I really have to go pee," gasped the one dressed as a spirit. "I gotta use your bathroom. It'll just be a sec, ok?" 

"Well, I..." the Judge started to say, but before he could give consent or refusal, the costumed spirit darted into the hallway, dropped her trick-or-treat bag with a thud, started one way, then reversed course and correctly found the guest powder-room.

"And could I have a drink of water, please?" the one dressed as a witch asked, with a disarming but slightly off-kilter smile.

The man, not quite knowing what to do, simply nodded and pointed toward the kitchen. The made-up witch slid past him into the hallway, trick-or-treat bag and all, then into the kitchen. 

"I'll get it myself," he heard her say. 

The man looked a bit perplexed, but shrugged his shoulders and, as an afterthought, looked outside, up and down the street. There was no sign of any other trick-or-treaters, which was hardly surprising, since it was at least a half an hour until sunset.  

The man closed the door and ambled into his spacious living room, turned on several lights, poked the now-blazing cedar logs in the fireplace, and sat down on the chocolate-colored sofa to wait for the strange pair of visitors to finish up. 

As he rested, his mind wandered back to his days on the criminal bench, where he was, indeed, a very well respected jurist, highly regarded by both prosecutors and defense attorneys alike. The Judge was invariably courteous to counsel and witnesses, and scrupulously fair to every defendant who appeared before him. 

The daily grind, however, had proven too much. The Judge shook his head at the unpleasant memories. Guilt or innocence did not seem to matter to either the attorneys or those in administration. The 'System' just had to grind forward, he thought with sarcasm, regardless of 'petty' issues such as truth, honesty, or fair play. "Where was Justice?" thought the Judge. She was not only blind, he thought, but deaf and dumb besides. 

The Judge's reverie was rudely interrupted as the two visitors abruptly appeared before him, still wearing their bizarre costumes and make-up, but now, in the glare of the well-lit living room, it became abundantly clear that the visitors were not youngsters, in any sense of the word. 

"Recognize us now, Your Honor?" said the made-up witch, with a sassy emphasis on the last word that made it sound like 'on-her'. 

Before the Judge could answer, the spirit-girl spoke up. 

"How about now?" the little blonde said, licking her crimson lips lasciviously as she reached down with her right hand and popped her left breast out of her bra. As she pinched her pink nipple hard then rolled her eyes back in her head, her tongue lolled out and she made grotesque choking sounds. 

"That ring a bell?" she said, ending her pantomime with a mocking smile, but leaving one heavy breast still fully exposed, while her friend, the ersatz witch, laughed and stuck her tongue out, revealed a silver stud ring.

"Oh, God," the Judge murmured as his memory began to flash pictures from the past. "You, the Witch - you were Crystal Miller; and your friend the Evil Spirit - was Meredith Jones, but you called yourselves 'Crystal and Meth, the Sisters of Death,' didn't you? 

"You're not real sisters," he continued, "But a couple of sickos, peddling hard drugs to minors, and luring teens and runaways into performing in sadistic porn flicks. Those kids thought they were going to be Hollywood stars, but one by one, they turned up dead." The Judge paused. "Yes, I remember you."

"What do you know, you pathetic old fuck?" snarled Meth, the half-naked evil spirit. "So what if a few fucked-up teenies got too stoned for their own good? They were sluts and nuts, and some of them threatened to rat on us. So, we got rid of them, permanently. Who gives a fuck what happened to them?" 

"They were just kids - sure - a little mixed-up, but they could have been helped. Instead, you drugged them, and used them for your own purposes and then took them for a swim when they were drunk or stoned. Or you just put a pillow over their faces when they slept. 

"The evidence was overwhelming," he continued, "But somehow - it made me sick when I heard the foreman announce it - somehow there was one holdout juror, so it was a hung jury and pending a retrial, you were released on bail." 

"Yeah," Crystal chimed in, "We're still out, but we don't want to go through that shit again, so we need your help."

The Judge sneered. "You're crazy. I'll never help you. I saw the evidence."

"That's right," sniggered Meth. "You saw the evidence - the movies we made - didn't you? I'll bet you watched those porn flicks over and over again. Did you jerk off in your chambers watching their every little flicker on the screen?"

"Or did that little hottie court reporter come in, lift up that black robe and give you a sloppy blow job while you both watched our dirty movies? She probably sucked your cock way better than that hag you're married to, eh?" 

The man winced at this crude and lewd reference to his beloved and beautiful wife of so many years. He was about to reach for the telephone to call the police when Meth took a red plastic container out of her Halloween bag and held it up high.

"Know what this is?" she taunted.

The Judge recognized it as a gasoline container. Before he could even answer, Meth unscrewed the cap and splashed the highly flammable liquid around the room. Then Crystal pulled out her cigarette lighter and was about to snap it open. The Judge felt stunned by her actions, and was for the moment speechless.

"Don't," he finally said, putting his hand out as if to stop an unseen force of evil. "Please, this house will go up in flames in a second and..." here he grew pale, "And my wife, she's upstairs, bedridden. I can't make it up there and down again, with her in my arms, soon enough to..."

Meth laughed with scorn. 

"That's right, you pathetic old fuck. She'll slow you down and you'll both be roasted alive. So, don't even try. Just do what we say, and shut the fuck up."

The two intruders yanked out the phone lines. They tore off the man's shirt and tied his hands behind his back, and after stripping him naked, they ordered him to sit still on the chocolate sofa, warning him not to move or even try to make a sound. 

He was about to protest, but thought better of it as they took out brushes and cans of paint and marred the hardwood with their odd objects: bones and brickbats, animal hooves and tails, signs of the zodiac and other ancient mystical designs.

The Judge had no option but to do what he was told. He watched in horror as they began to draw a large pentagram that covered nearly the entire floor. Then the two mischief-makers stripped naked and splashed blood-red paint over their sweating breasts as they tilted back their heads and roared with laughter. 

Next, they dripped the paint down to their legs and thighs and onto their clean-shaven vulvas. They began to dance and writhe in an erotic pagan-like ritual, mouthing words and canticles from a musty tome written in an ancient language, and splashing the paint in nasty blotches around the floor and the entrance to the front hall.

Finally, Crystal the Witch danced lasciviously in front of the man, ordering him not to look away. Pressing herself against him, she slipped her witch's broom between her thighs, fucking her dripping cunt, slowly at first, then faster and faster, in and out, until - against his wishes - it soon became all too obvious that the man was unable to contain his excitement as his cock grew hard and straight, throbbing with lust. This was exactly what the little witch wanted. 

Crystal smiled at the stiff swollen cock before her and slowly began to lower herself so that her sweating thighs slid down over his. As her parted pussy lips finally found their target, she fucked that big stiff cock, and fucked it hard, in and out, over and over, and groaned in ecstatic delight as her thighs shone with mixed sweat and cunt cum. 

Meth, who was from time to time snapping photos from a distance with her cell phone, was not to be outdone in terms of pornographic play.

"Look at what I've got here, Judge," cooed Meth, as she sat on a sofa across from the Judge, spreading her legs wide and slowly finger-fucking her clean-shaven cunt with her forefinger, then licking the cum off with her tart pink tongue. 

After she licked the salty pussy juice off her fingers and smacked her lips, with a mocking smile at the Judge, Meth started to fuck herself all over again, taking pleasure in the fact that the Judge tried to avert his eyes from the lascivious act. In the end, he could not resist a few long languid glances and an involuntary stirring in his loins.

"Hot little cunt, isn't she?" said Crystal. "And I ought to know. I wouldn't mind licking that soaking wet twat myself, but right now, I've got better things to do."

The Judge tried to turn away and close his eyes, but Crystal grabbed his head and jerked it hard, then rubbed her heavy tits over his face. 

"Feel me, baby - and remember to do what you are told, or else."

Then Crystal slid down his body and licked his hard quivering cock with her slithering snake-like tongue, finding the little hole in the head, lathering it, making the shaft quiver, and then taking the whole, thick pulsating shaft into her wide sensuous mouth once again. 

Crystal worked that cock over, deep-throating it again and again, working it up and down until finally the Judge could hold it in no longer, and with a groan, he shot a huge load of white spunk all over the girl's smiling face, watching it drip down her chin and onto her pointy hard nipples. The cam phone went click - click - click in Meth's hands.

"Why - why are you doing this to me?" the Judge asked, exhausted and spent.

"Us? Why, we're not doing anything to you! It's you that have made us do this, you filthy fucking pervert."

With a groan, the Judge realized what was happening. It was a set-up. The girls would 'escape' with vivid photos of the Judge in his own home, replete with fuzzy images that made him look like the head of a witch's coven. 

It would appear as if the old man was, indeed, a deranged abuser who had forced these young girls into dancing naked, and then fucking them and making them suck his cock until he humiliated them with what they would call his 'sexually perverted' ways. 

Then, they would get some sleazy lawyer (and there were plenty of them) to appear with 'new evidence' to blame everything they ever did on him! If they succeeded, they would be completely free to prey upon other wayward young girls. This was sheer horror.

"I almost forgot," said Crystal, as she withdrew yet one more shining object from her bag. "This is supposed to be the real thing. It's very rare, and I only got it by chance, from that crazy old bitch who was in the slammer with me." 

The Judge stared at the strange shape in wonder and amazement. It was a sparkling cut-glass equilateral triangle, as large as egg, suspended by a foot-long slender thread of woven silver and gold. 

"It's supposed to have real powers, you know," said Crystal, as she swung the sparkling object in an arc in the middle of the rudely drawn pentagram on the floor.

"Chant the incantation with me, Meth," said Crystal. "You know, the one the old crone gave me before she croaked. Come on, say it."

"That old cunt! She kept insisting that she was a real witch - as if! She was fucking nuts. Let's just torch this fucking place and get out. We've got all the photos we want already. Let's fucking blow."

"No, you bitch," growled Crystal. "Do the fucking chant. It's cool... it's fucking evil... I want to see this bastard and his little piggy wife roast, but I want to put a 'spell' on him first to make sure he doesn't escape. The old crone said it would work if we drew the pentagram, put out all those objects, twirled the triangle, and then did the chant. So let's fucking do it."

Meth shrugged her shoulders and took out the wrinkled piece of paper that the old crone had written on. Together, Crystal and Meth mouthed the ancient rhymes while they twirled the triangle and danced naked in the center of the pentagram.

"O Dominus Hades..." the chant began, the two singing in unison the first verse. 

There was a moment of silence as Meth moved her finger to the first word of the second verse and Crystal glanced over at the Judge with a mixture of scorn and triumph. 

Then came the sound of the second verse, in a sing-song tone.

"In Nomine Mephistopheles..."

"Not yet," snapped Crystal, "wait until I'm ready."

"I didn't say anything," said Meth.

"Then who the fuck...?" Crystal stopped, and stared up at the top of the stairs. 

Descending the stairs, very slowly, was an old grey-haired woman, stooped and frail, feeble and shaking, placing one foot before another in a very deliberate manner.

"My dear," exclaimed the Judge, "You shouldn't exert yourself."

"Look! It's his wife - that dried up old cunt!" Meth yelled and roared with laughter at the elderly woman's difficulty in walking. At a few moments, however, Meth's laughter died on her lips. Something was wrong. With every step, the old lady perceptibly grew stronger, healthier, and more erect in posture. Her hair turned from white, to gray, to raven black and her wrinkled skin became smooth and fair. 

"That triangle," said the Judge's wife, as she continued to gain strength at every step, "It's the one thing I needed to complete the incantation. I can't thank you enough, girls." 

"Ah, Evelyn," smiled the Judge, as his eyebrows shot up in surprise and admiration, "I see that you are looking like your old self again." In fact, it was not just his eyebrows that were on the rise.

Sure enough, by the time she reached the bottom, the Judge's wife stood before the assembled group - a statuesque beauty, with radiant skin and a flawless figure. To all eyes, this was a woman in the bloom of youth, surely no older than twenty-one or twenty-two, and her quick glance at her naked husband's stiff dick revealed her intention to take full advantage of that situation, as soon as she took care of some unfinished business. 

"Funny," said Evelyn as she now turned to Crystal, "That you would come dressed as a witch. Really, how ironic."

Crystal was backing away now, looking for the nearest exit.

"And that silly outfit," continued Evelyn, "With the conical hat and the big warty nose. Oh, please! Even a little tramp like you could have done better than that."

The last rays of the sun, just then, disappeared from the hills outside the house.

"Oh good," said Evelyn as she clapped her hands. "It's now officially All Hallows Eve. Now the trial can begin."

"Trial?" gasped Crystal and Meth, in unison.

"Well, the last trial ended with a hung jury, but rest assured; on this special night, we can convene a new jury, one that cannot be bought or intimidated. Now that it's sundown and things are just 'opening up', so to speak, I have some 'grave' news for you girls. Look over there, out the window."

The two girls swiveled their heads toward the living room window and blanched as they looked up Cemetery Hill. Even in the dark of night, the full moon lit up the nearby graveyard and the girls now saw gravestones beginning to move back, and the mounds of earth beneath them began to yawn and gape open. 

Will-o-the-wisp spectral shapes of purest white appeared to rise from the cold earth - the skeletal shapes of those who were once alive, and once human. They were now forming into more solid shapes, first hovering over the upturned mounds of earth and then slowly making their way down Cemetery Hill toward the two women who now felt certain that a final judgment awaited them.

"Do you see your jury?" asked the Judge's wife, pointing toward the Hill. "Do you see the spirits of those who have died unjustly at the hands of others? Now, on this one night of the year, it is their turn to render a verdict. They will not be tempted or turned by either threats or promises of earthy rewards. What's more, their verdict will be final, without appeal."

The make-believe witch and the evil spirit turned and bolted for the living room door. But, to their dismay, Evelyn had merely to stretch out her arm and give a quick nod. With that, the door's bolt snapped firmly into place all by itself, and nothing the girls could do would cause the door to open to them.

The would-be pranksters turned to face each other and, as if in accordance with some grim choreograph, each immediately pointed to the other. 

"She's the one," Crystal said accusingly. "She killed them; I was just the lookout." 

Meth's eyes widened in disbelief as the girl spat out her own accusation. "You cunt! How can you fucking even say that? I did my share, but I saw you drown at least one, suffocate another, and slit the throat of still another." 

Meth turned imploringly to Evelyn as she pointed her long slender arm toward Crystal. "She's the evil one - she's the one who deserves to die."
