 WARNING: This story involves incestuous relationships between family members. It's an erotic horror love story. It also includes described scenes of graphic sex including anal. If that is not what you are looking for don't read on. All sexual acts depicted in the story are committed by adults over eighteen years old.

*****

Just before I turned eighteen my dad, mom and I moved into a larger very old colonial house. It was on my eighteenth birthday moving my stuff into my bedroom when I first felt a presence. It didn't scare me it just unnerved me, like someone was looking at me. After we moved the last of our stuff and settled in we decided to go out to dinner rather than cook.

I went up to my room to shower and change. When I started to undress I felt the presence very close to me. When I got to my bra I hesitated a second since no one but a doctor had seen parts of me naked. When I dropped my bra I was shocked to feel something soft and wet run across both my nipples. I was a little frightened to drop my panties but had to take them off to take my shower.

When I slid my panties down I had to open my legs to get them off my feet. As soon as that happened there was that soft and wet feeling running up between my girly area and it spent a few seconds at the top of my cunny. Being a virgin at that time I was shaken to my core with pleasure I had not yet felt before. I was frightened that a spirit or even a demon occupied my bedroom area of this old colonial house.

All at once the feeling stopped so I walked into the bathroom and took my shower. When I turned in the shower I could just make out a manly shape in the steam. 'He' looked large and strong and I could just discern a tail swaying behind him. I was now frightened it was a demon and struggled if I should tell my parents. "No" was written on the steamy mirror so I kept it all to myself.

When I returned to my bedroom I was able to dress without any other strange feelings. My dad, mom and I went to a great restaurant and celebrated my eighteenth birthday. When we got home I tried to stay up with my folks as late as possible but they soon sent me to my room.

With a sense of being a bit scared I wondered what was awaiting me. I slowly entered my room and closed the door. I felt the presence immediately close to my body. I sensed it moving to face me and it waited. 

I was frightened beyond all else but I had no choice so I started to unbutton my blouse and removed it. My body was moist in soft sweat down my torso into my waist band. I unclipped and dropped my bra at my feet. I thought something would happen but was still shocked to feel a moist hot sensation on one of my nipples while the other one was being pinched. What must be his tongue lapped up my sweat between my breasts and down to my waist. It made me shudder.

He massaged my breasts and bit or twisted my nipples till they stuck out like erasers. I have very large firm breasts and my nipples get very long and rock hard like when I get chilled. His attack on my breasts gave me feelings I had never felt before. I dated some in high school but had never let things go any further with the boys. I now felt very moist between my legs which were a little wobbly as each new sensation and a bit of pain shot down from my breasts to my girly area.

Again all sensation stopped and I knew what was expected next. I pushed my jeans off then slowly slid my panties down my legs and off my feet. I felt a pressure between my thighs and knew he wanted me to open them wider. When I did that my whole body shook as a very pleasurable feeling overwhelmed my pussy. 'Pussy', I had never called my down there a pussy but now I knew I should.

I felt again what must be its tongue run up between my pussy lips and drink in the river of wetness I was now producing. The tongue stopped at the top of my slit and strong lips sucked on something at the top. Shots of electricity pulsed through my body as again I felt sensations I had never felt before. I knew I did not want it to stop. The lips let go and the tongue slid down between my lips then pushed under my crotch and licked me 'back there'.

I never knew doing something back there could feel so good. His very wet tongue was able to just enter my hinny and he rolled it around in there for a few seconds. My hinny relaxed and opened up some and more of his thick long tongue slid up my hinny. I was lost from that point in my life because I loved that feeling and wanted more. Instead the tongue slid out and entered my pussy. I thought I would die! His thick tongue slid up my pussy until it hit my maidenhead, the barrier of my virginity.

His tongue pulled out and he waited. I knew what I must do now even though I knew it was a 'dirty girl' thing to do. I turned and walked to my bed and kneeled down on the edge. I dropped my breasts to the mattress and with my ass high in the air I reached back with two hands and pulled my ass cheeks apart. I trembled, waiting, not knowing for sure what would happen next.

I jumped when I felt his tongue lick my hinny and the tip begin to enter me there. I had quickly learned to relax that back-there muscle so his tongue easily started to slide into my ass. It was thicker as more entered me and so long that I felt filled up. I was hooked like a drug and wanted this feeling more and more. He slid his strong tongue out and into my asshole (yes, asshole from now on), going deeper and deeper each time. My whole body began to shake with such intense new feelings. 

Suddenly his tongue pulled out and I moaned my displeasure. But right away his tongue entered my pussy and worked me up until I was dripping my fluids down my thighs. That stopped and I knew just enough about the birds and bees to know what was coming next. 

I felt a pressure at the opening of my pussy so I moved my hands between my legs and touched my pussy. I was shocked to feel something soft but hard about the size of a plum lay between my palm and my pussy lips. I shook in fear of thinking something that big was going to enter me and rip away my virginity.

I used my two hands to pull my pussy lips apart. My fingers got soaked with my own moisture and his plum slid between my pussy lips to soak up that honey. I then felt his plum push between my pussy lips and begin to enter me. It both hurt and drove me onward with pleasure. 

More and more of his cock entered me. 'Cock', again I had never used that word before but cock was the right word for what was pushing my 'cunt' wide open. 

"Oh my, I said 'cunt' for the first time" I thought in shock but 'cunt' was the right word for that part of me that was being ravished.

His cock stopped when it hit my hymen, my maidenhood, my virginity barrier. I felt his cock slide backwards till it was almost out of my pussy and then without warning he slammed his cock down hard and tore through that barrier and slammed against the back of my womb. I almost fainted away. He pulled his cock out and I moaned its loss.

I next felt his tongue enter my pussy and realized he was feeding on my virginity blood. He pushed his tongue deep into my pussy and touched me deep then lapped up the pussy moisture pooling inside me. He slowly slid his long tongue out of my pussy and touched his cockhead against my dripping pussy lips. His cock entered me again and he quickly began to stroke his cock out and in my cunt driving me to heights of sexual pleasure I had never felt before.

All at once I knew to find that something at the top of my pussy lips and rub it. My 'clit' became as large as a pea and very sensitive. I rubbed harder as he worked his cock in my cunt. The sensations throughout my body and centered in my pussy became very intense and I knew I was in for a new experience. As I pulled on my clit and pinched real hard I felt my demon lover's cock begin to grow inside my cunt then it pulsed eight, nine, ten times filling my cunt and womb with his juice, his cum.

That did it as I came for the very first time in my young life, but cum I did as my body shook from intense waves of pleasure sweeping across my body. I could not hold myself up and as I slid off the bed onto my knees and breasts I felt my lover slide out of my pussy and all our fluids run down my inner thighs and soak the sides of my sheets. 

I immediately felt so empty and wanted desperately to be filled up again. I lay like that on my bed for several minutes and wondered what was next. I did not have long to wait.

I felt my demon lover's dickhead right in the center of my ass then up against my asshole. His plum sized cockhead pushed against me back there and slowly opened my ass. Suddenly his cockhead popped through and I felt him begin to slide down my ass chute. "Ooh it felt so good, so big filling me up back there" I moaned. 

I knew he was fully in my ass when I felt his huge balls push against my pussy lips. I felt the pressure in my bowels pushing out my tummy. My lover then began an attack on my ass that soared me into heights of sexual arousal I had never felt. 

I slid my hand down and onto my cunt and I attacked my clit. After a minute or two of my lover pounding his cock in and out of ass I felt his large balls begin to tighten then pulse six, seven, eight times. What felt like hot honey shot down my ass and coated my insides. 

I chose then to squeeze and tug my clit and shook into a very intense orgasm and screamed, "I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming." I bit down on my covers to muffle my yells and moaned through several orgasms as my lover continued to saw in and out of my ass. 

At last he stopped and slid slowly out of my ass. I tried to push back to capture his cock and keep him deep inside me but to no avail. When his dick head popped out of my ass a stream of his cum leaked out and ran down and across my pussy. It stuck in my pussy hair and I thought I'd better shave down there and take it all off. Now fully exhausted and spent I dragged myself up onto my bed and fainted into a deep sleep.

I woke up the following morning and looked over at my bedroom door and my dad was standing in the open doorway in his t-shirt and his boxers looking at me on my bed. I realized it was Saturday and I knew my dad played golf so he was up early. 

I was lying on my back and had kicked off my top sheet during the night - that left me totally naked. Before I would have yelled at Dad and tried to cover up but since I was perverted last night by my demon lover I did something totally different.

I brought my knees up then spread my legs wide open and exposed my pussy to my father. I then ran a few fingers through my pussy lips and brought my fingers up to my lips and very sexily licked my fingers. 

Looking square at my father I asked, "do you want something daddy?" in my most child like voice. 

He said that my mom had left early to go food shopping and he was getting ready to leave for golf. While he was speaking I kept running my fingers through my pussy lips and my juice was starting to flow out and fill the room with my heavy sexual scent.

"Come sit on my bed Daddy" I said again in that child like voice. 

Like a man possessed he entered my room and sat by my hip and drank in my naked body. I took my other hand and started playing with my nipples until they got long and rock hard. 

"Do you like my titties daddy?" I said. 

He just moaned "Yes." 

I felt daddy's hand first on my hip and when I made no move he slid it along my inner thigh and cupped my leaking pussy. I moaned deeply when he ran a finger up between my pussy lips and began to circle my swelling clit.

After his fingers were coated in my pussy honey he slid two of them into my cunt and began to finger fuck me. Each time he slid his fingers deep into me his thumb would rub my clit. I felt a little pressure and realized he must have three fingers in me now. I could even feel what must be his pinkie run across my asshole and it made me shiver.

I began to tremble as his attack on my pussy intensified. When my chest turned bright red and my breathing became short and rapid daddy shoved his hand deep into my pussy and ground my clit against my pelvis until I shook through several hard orgasms.

When I calmed down I looked at my daddy's boxers and his boner was pushing the cotton upwards. I slid my hand under his leg band and circled my fingers around his cock. My fingers and thumb did not meet. It was daddy's turn to close his eyes and moan. I circled my palm over and around his cockhead until it was moist with his fluid. 

I rolled on my hip towards him and made an 'O' with my lips and waited. Daddy knelt on the floor near my head and pulled his boxers down. His nice thick long cock was rock hard and pulsed as he breathed deeply. He lined his dickhead up with my lips and pushed slowly into my mouth. 

I used my tongue on daddy's dickhead inside my mouth. I tightened my lips and let daddy begin to fuck my mouth. He placed a hand on one of my tits and squeezed real hard. When I moaned he moved to my nipple and pulled it out away from its strawberry areole. He then twisted it between his thumb and fingers. 

All at once I felt my demon lover's plum sized cockhead begin to run along my ass crack and pussy lips. He placed his large dickhead right in the center of my anus and popped it through my brownbud and slid deeply down my ass chute. I felt my lover slid out and in my ass and I hummed and moaned in greater intensity which was like a vibrator on my daddy's dick. 

"Ooh baby, that's it, that's the feeling I wanted" he moaned, as he grabbed the back of my head and pulled my mouth fully down to the base of his dick. I felt filled up in my mouth and ass at the same time.

I slid my hand onto my pussy and pinched and pulled my clit as I got closer to orgasm. After a minute or two of my demon lover pounding his cock in and out of my ass I felt his large balls begin to tighten then pulse six, seven, eight times filling my ass with hot cum juice. 

At the same time I felt my daddy was about to cum. I slid his cock out and said "Daddy shoot your cum all over my titties, just coat them with your spunk." 

Daddy moaned then grabbed his dick and stroking it began to shoot his come down onto my tits. Five or six shots of his hot cum coated my titties and nipples. I grabbed my Daddy's dick and slid it back into my mouth and filled my mouth with the rest of his cum. I squeezed my clit and shook into a very intense orgasm. I shook for some time as I was filled with spunk until it started to run out my ass and mouth. 

Both dicks slid out of my holes and I lay there panting. Daddy stood and pulled up his boxers and walked to my door. He stopped in the doorway and said mom would be home soon and I should change my bedding and take a shower and maybe open my window. 

In a very sweet voice I thanked my daddy for a wonderful birthday present and began massaging his cum all over my titties. I gathered up some of his big cum drops on my fingers and then sucked my fingers clean. 

I then said sweetly, "Daddy maybe you would like to visit my room whenever you would like me to show you how much I love you, would you really like that?"

He managed to whisper out, "Yes baby, yes very much" and walked out of my room. I hugged myself tightly and enjoyed my new life as a cum and ass slut.