 Kate fucks the ghost Uncle and banishes the manor curse

Sexual acts depicted in the story are committed by adults over eighteen years old. It is an erotic horror story and includes described scenes of graphic sex including anal and incest. It is predominantly girl on girl until the erotic horror occurs. If that is not what you are looking for don't read on. Here in Chapter 4 Kate will vanquish the specters from her past and claim the Estate. This story will stand on its own but reading Chapter 1-3 will give you the whole story.

My name is Kate and I teach English Literature at a prestigious private associate college for women and my concentration is in the Gothic Period of elaborate tales of mystery, suspense, and superstition. I had a DNA test and it helped identify me as the only direct surviving heir to a large Irish estate; manor house, lands and accounts. I had flown to Dublin to pursue my claim. 

I met an Irish Sixth Year female student on the plane who had recently turned eighteen and graduated. When I told her the name of the Estate was Ravenwoods she said that in the lesser know most erotic Gothic Irish novels it was rumored that Ravenwoods was the manor house the stories were based on. She said they scared her but at the same time she would cream her little fanny in erotic fantasies. By the time the plane landed I had a new orphan eighteen year old submissive in love with me. 

I met with my Solicitor and got Fiona released into my care from her boarding school. We drove up to Ravenwoods to fulfill the legal requirements of becoming the rightful heir. Each night we both were taken back in time two hundred years and the out of time erotic horror sexual experiences began. Both Fiona and I were sexually abused by my great great Uncle Jonathan the original builder and owner of Ravenwoods. His corrupt pastor had forced himself on Fiona and other specters had filled her young pussy with various sized cocks and hot cum. I recognized our caretaker Patrick's great great grandfather as he abused Fiona's pussy with his spectral huge horse cock.

Just this afternoon in real time Fiona had been seduced by Maureen the current caretaker's wife and forced to eat her old pussy. I had been fucked by Patrick with his huge horse cock while on a tour of the Estate. I was tied down to an ancient altar in the center of a ring of standing stones. His fat long cock was down my pussy and up my ass giving me many hot wet orgasms. Fiona and I had crawled into bed late this afternoon to rest our abused bodies.

My eyes opened unable to see through my sweat soaked hair hanging down over my naked breasts. I felt pain all over my body. I went to move my hair but could not use my arms. I looked across me and in horror I saw my arms were bound wide to rings above me. I looked down my naked body to see my legs bound and spread wide to rings on the floor. I realized to my horror that I must be in that padlocked cellar room. This was not the playroom of Fifty Shades.

My back ached with pain then the lash struck again making me scream. The leather found my back and my ass and my thighs over and over as I fought against rings holding me secure. The sweat wet leather tails whipped around my body to strike my tits and soft tummy. A few times they struck my pussy lips that were dripping my warm fluids. The deep dark laughter behind me told me it was Uncle Jonathan supplying the lash. My body was sweating profusely from the administered pain. 

One lash wrapped around and slapped my pussy so hard I started peeing. Since my legs were tied wide open in horror and embarrassment I watched my pee arc from my pussy lips and splatter on the cold stone floor. I heard the loud laughter from the men in the room reverberate off the stone walls. I hung my head in shame and hid behind my hair. 

I heard a loud moan and lifted my head. Fiona was also thusly bound as I. She had weights clipped to her nipples and they swayed back and forth as the evil pastor Ewart Gladstone applied the riding crop to her firm young breasts. The stripes lit up on her firm young breasts as her nipples hardened. They had tied a horse bit in her mouth so saliva dripped out onto her heaving breasts and dropped off her pointed nipples. She looked at me across the room and her eyes were hollow and vacant as she dealt with the applied pain. 

"Well, Mistress Kathrynne, how do you think your ward is holding up? Perhaps she would like a cock up her ass. Pastor please do the honors of taking a virgin ass," Uncle Jonathan laughed wickedly. 

Ewart took his swollen cock in his hand and stroked it. In the candle light I could see his pre-cum shine on his dickhead. He got behind Fiona and centered his cockhead against her anus and shoved. Fiona screamed around the bit and her body swayed on the ropes holding her wide open. Ewart pounded Fiona's ass huffing loudly in the stone dungeon. His fat stomach slapped against Fiona's firm ass cheeks as he rode his cock in and out of her ass chute. 

The Pastor growled and pulled Fiona against him as he drove his cock in deep and shook against her. He shook like a man being tasered as he laughed and grunted. Slowly he stepped back and I watched as in slow motion his cum dripped from behind Fiona's ass onto the stone floor. Fiona's eyes were vacant as she hung there. The pastor laughed like a crazy man as I surmised he was. 

"Perhaps now your ward would love a fat horse cock up her cunt," Uncle Jonathan whispered wickedly against my ear.

"No please stop! Don't spoil her. Don't, please don't," I moaned helplessly.

"Then cross over the void and join us Kathrynne Ann Raven. Take your rightful place as my niece!" he growled.

I didn't answer so he walked over to Fiona and slid her iron bars along their supports until he pulled her over what looked like a pommel horse. Her weighted tits hung over one side and her spread wide ass hung over the other. Out of the darkness strode the great great grandfather Patrick holding his dripping horse cock. Pre-cum dripped copiously from his fat red cockhead. His heavy cum filled balls swayed as he walked.

He stroked his fat cockhead between Fiona's pussy lips then just savagely shoved his cock into her young inexperience pussy. She screamed and more spit and saliva fell to the stone floor. The weights clipped to her nipples swayed back and forth as she fought against the fat cock filling her young pussy. I called to her but helplessly watched her pussy get abused on that fat cock.

Elder Patrick looked straight at me with red eyes as he rode his cock in and out of Fiona's pussy. I could see her labia grip that cock and get pulled out then pushed back in. That tight movement must be rubbing her clit and running across her g-spot and pounding the door to her young womb. She moaned loudly and her body trembled as pulse after pulse of cum juice shot out from between her pussy lips as she came over and over punished by that fat cock.

Elder Patrick pulled out his dripping cock and pulled on the chains holding Fiona down. The chains loosened enough that he pulled Fiona's sweat soaked hair and her face rose. With his other hand he stroked his long thick cock and ejected thick cum all over her face. I watched in horror as eight, nine, ten globs of cum coated her face and filled her mouth behind the bit.

When his cockhead was just dribbles of cum he pulled her head backwards and Fiona swallowed a mouth full of thick hot cum to keep from drowning. Elder Patrick laughed deeply as he pulled the chains high again stretching Fiona's arms and legs to a painful spread. He then picked up a flogger and strapped Fiona's sweaty body across the front and across her back then circled her turning her body bright red with lash marks.

"Still not ready to give up your spirit Kathrynne Ann? Then perhaps you'll enjoy the pleasure of three fat cocks filling your sweet body?" Uncle Jonathan laughed uncontrollably. 

He called Elder Patrick over and ordered him to flog my front as he started flogging my back. The pain across my breasts and thighs was matched by the pain across my back and ass. They both lit into me trying to break my resolve. I endured several minutes of the all over flogging until I almost fainted. But on the doorstep of hell I came over and over like a lost slut. Hot pussy juice arced out of my spread pussy lips wetting the cold stone floor. The scent of my cum filled the cold stone room as my juices seeped into the old stones on the floor. I hung on my chains no longer having the strength to hold myself up. My wrists and arm sockets screamed from the pain.

Uncle Jonathan released the chains and I dropped to my all fours. I thought they had given up but they dragged me on hands and knees towards a padded table. Elder Patrick lay down then they pulled my hair and I had to rise to end that pain. Uncle Jonathan and the Pastor sat me reverse cowgirl above Patrick's plum sized hard cockhead. I had no strength to fight them as his fat cockhead pushed my anus wide open and his cock slowly slid up my ass. He pulled me back onto his chest and held me there by my painful tits. 

Uncle Jonathan moved up between my legs and rubbed his even fatter cockhead between my dripping pussy lips. He slowly moved his fat plum sized cockhead about in the vestibule of my vagina and his even larger cock entered my cunt. I was painfully filled in both holes as my Uncle's thick cock slid into my stretched pussy rubbing against that fat cock up my ass. My clit was pulled down as my pussy lips rode his cock causing my body to tremble. 

My head was turned sides way and the Pastor's cock filled my mouth. Without concern he sunk it past the end of my mouth and down my throat. I was losing breath almost fainting when he pulled back. All at once all three cocks started moving in my abused holes. The cock in my ass would pull back and the cock in my cunt would fill the void. Over and over the three cocks pounded me trying to break me.

Uncle Jonathan grabbed my flogged tits and twisted my nipples pulling them out until I moaned around the cock in my mouth. The three men went into overdrive pounding their cocks in and out of my body. My mouth and throat was filled with cock, my ass was filled with fat cock, my cunt was filled with fat cock both rubbing my g-spot driving me towards oblivion. 

Suddenly hot cum ejected up my ass over and over filling it to overflowing. Hot cum leaked out my ass wetting the Elder Patrick and my ass cheeks. Uncle Jonathan started ramming his fat cock deep against the back of my cunt making me grunt and groan from the pain. My womb took the brunt of his cockhead that exploded with pulse after pulse of hot cum. The Pastor grunted and shot his thick load against the back of my throat and I swallowed quickly to keep from choking.

My body and spirit could not take anymore. I wanted to give up! I wanted to pass out of time and stop this pain...

"Mistress Kathrynne, come back to me! Fight his control, break his link! Come back and pull sweet Fiona with you! Save yourself and save our princess witch. I command you to return! So mote it be!"

I opened my eyes to the morning light and looked up at bright amber eyes, a smiling face surrounded by long black hair.

"Well my Mistress Kathrynne, it looks like you have safely returned," the voice said and a moist pair of lips lightly came down on mine. As the kiss deepened she shared her breath with me as she spoke her spell softly against my lips. I felt strength enter me and dispel the last of the evil that had lingered with me.

I sat up and the covers dropped exposing my breasts. Two warm hands cupped my breast and lightly slid across my nipples. The pain from the 'dream' dissipated from my breasts as the woman massaged my tits and nipples. I now recognized the woman as Morgan from the Dublin flight. She must have used her witch skills to call me back from the abyss. She spoke a spell then poured a potion over my bottom lip and down my parched throat to build back my strength.

"Thank you Morgan, thank you for saving us. I don't know how I'll thank you," I started crying.

"Well your sweet lips and your magnificent breasts are a good start," she said laughing as each of her warm hands massaged my breasts and she leaned in and kissed me deeply then kissed each hard nipple. "Now I must use some deep magic to rescue Fiona from the dark evil that still lingers on her."

She stood up and began undressing. She wore an ankle length black dress that she unzipped and dropped to the floor. She wore nothing else under it. Her breasts were firm and full much larger than mine or Fiona's. Her labia were covered in short trimmed black hair and her mons had a full curly forest. What caught me off guard was that her body had many tattoos of symbols and runes and Celtic knots and triangles. I also recognized astrological signs for planets. On her chest right between her ample breasts was a witch's pentagram.

Morgan pulled the covers off of Fiona revealing her ashen naked body. Morgan took a swig of the potion then crawled up on the bed and covered Fiona with her own warm body. She placed her full lips over Fiona's and pushed her tongue in and the potion dropped into Fiona's mouth. Morgan began to breathe deeply and chant in a language I could not recognize. I could only surmise it was an ancient one spoken here in Ireland.

She sat up and straddled Fiona being purposeful to line up both their mons. Morgan then began to draw on Fiona's chest with a pointed finger nail and where she touched she left a mark, like a dark tan from the sun. I recognized the pentagram placed between Fiona's breasts. Runes were painted on her left breast just above the nipple then down her breastbone. Morgan lightly touched the skin under Fiona's pubic hair then touched her clit. I swear I saw it become larger, more fuller. I could catch a strong scent emanating from Fiona's crotch.

Morgan leaned down and brought her warm breasts against Fiona's breasts. She leaned over and whispered, "Come back my witch princess. Return from the darkness. Leave the pain and abuse behind. Reject the evil put upon your young mind and return to us strong and cleansed. This I command, So mote it be!"

Like fright from a loud clap of thunder from a close lightning strike Fiona took in a huge breath or like someone brought back from drowning. She sucked in huge amounts of air then screamed and burst into tears. Morgan held her tightly as Fiona thrashed on the bed crying broadly.

"Let it go my witch princess, let it go. Come to me whole and clean," Morgan whispered and gave light kisses on Fiona's lips.

Fiona finally stopped crying as Morgan sat up. She teased Fiona's nipples with her finger nails and the young girl finally laughed. "Is that how you rescue me, by playing with my nipples?" she asked as she laughed again. "Get off me I have to pee!" she yelled and pushed Morgan aside.

Fiona ran into the bathroom and I could hear her piss hitting the water until it stopped. Not too long after I heard, "What the fuck is all over my tits?" as Fiona ran back into the bedroom holding her tits up. "How am I gonna get a feckin' husband with my tits all marked like this?" she yelled. 

"You are now protected from unwanted evil. You are marked into the sisterhood. Your powers will continue to grow," Morgan explained. "And besides you don't need a husband. You just need some man juice to make your babies."

"And what's this hidden in my pussy curls?" Fiona asked putting her hands on either side of her pussy lips and pushing her hips towards us.

"Well I hope Mistress Kathrynne doesn't get mad at me but I put my name in Celtic runes above your pussy as a warning to any coven sister hungry for your cunt to know who marked you," Morgan then laughed. 

"Ok laugh it up but don't let your guard down or as soon as I learn how I'll tattoo your ass with, 'This slut likes it up her ass' and put a big arrow pointing the way," she growled then laughed loudly.

We all started laughing as Fiona launched herself onto the bed and wrestled Morgan down and started kissing her deeply and twisting her nipples. Fiona then leaned over to me and kissed me deeply. "I was so worried Mistress Kathrynne. That room was so evil I thought we would never get away. What are we gonna do when we fall asleep tonight?" she asked seriously.

Morgan got us to sit up on the bed in a triangle with our knees touching and then explained her findings and her plan to defeat the evil.

"Jonathan Raven made a pact with evil and it cost his life and the lives of Elder Patrick and the Pastor. All three disappeared that fateful night. Since that time they prey on any woman staying overnight in Ravenwoods. Most of the modernization to the manor house was done by men. It was only after an heir's wife or daughter stayed overnight that the manor house was abandoned by the families. My dark incantations have reveled that the pact will dissolve and the power will be broken should Jonathan ever cum in each hole of the same woman on the same night. He has been very careful never to do that throughout the years," she intoned. 

"Then how shall we ever win?" Fiona cried out in frustration.

Morgan replied, "I will use my powers to join you on this time dream. I will make sure I get Jonathan to drink a potion that I will tell him will empower his manliness but will actually give him a hunger for Mistress Kathrynne. It will be her job to disguise herself so he doesn't recognize that it's the same woman the three different times. Fiona, I'm sorry but you will have to use your body as a diversion to keep the other cocks occupied. I have put a spell on you that will minimize the evil."

We went over the plans and thought a masquerade ball would be best and we would work with Bridget, the specter domestic, to see if she could pull it off. Morgan also suggested that I change my gown after each fuck. We all laughed when she said 'fuck' like girls at a sleep over. It really helped lighten the atmosphere. 

We spent the rest of the day fine tuning the plan and encouraging one another. After sundown we disrobed and crawled under the covers. After a bit of touchy fealy on tits and pussies we kissed goodnight. Morgan had put a spell on some ribbon and had tied herself to the wrist of each of us. 

"Wake up ladies time for the party!" Bridget yelled. We all sat up revealing our breasts to Bridget. She looked at six tits with hunger. The modernization was gone and the fire in the fireplace just dispelled the chill.

"Bridget, could you ask the Master if it could be a masquerade party for the women? I do so love the idea of dressing up and pretending," I asked sweetly.

"Oh yes, Mistress Kathrynne, there are all sorts of masks for the ladies down in the cupboards. I will pass them out after I get you ladies dressed then bring back three masks for your entrance," she giggled. "The master will love guessing who his conquest is. But he has a fondness for you Mistress Kathrynne, yes he has a strong fondness for his niece" she laughed deeply.

We each chose a colorful stylish dress leaving off underwear and donning a mask we descended the broad staircase. I had a simple mask on as I took my Uncle's arm and walked into the dining room. Food was served with unending wine. I saw Fiona distract Uncle with her big breasts and Morgan poured her potion into his wine. I got him to drink it up as I whispered that I was hungry for his cream dessert. While he watched I slid under the table and settled between his knees. Slowly I unbuttoned his trousers and scooped out his hardening cock.

I know it was very dangerous but I actually liked my Uncle's huge cock. When I grabbed the base of his cock my fingers did not reach around as it grew thicker. I asked him for a dab of butter after I stuck my hand up above the table. The warm butter was placed on my fingers and I transferred the butter to his cock. Uncle moaned and bucked his cock in my grasp. My slick buttered fingers slid up and down his long cock. I rubbed the crown of his cockhead around in my buttered palm. His copious pre-cum joined the butter on his cockhead so I licked around his fat crown.
