 Part 2

"You want some more coffee, dear?"

Nancy lingered at the breakfast table, running a hand through hair that was still damp from the shower as she thought about her strange nightmare and the conversation she'd had with Tina and Glen the day before. Could the man in her nightmares be the dead janitor?

"No thanks. Hey, yesterday we were talking about something that happened at school back in your day. You went to Springfield High, didn't you?"

"Yes, that's right. So did your father," her mother said as she started to wash up the breakfast things.

"Right, so do you remember an accident involving a janitor?"

They both jumped as her mother dropped a plate, and it clattered against the side of the sink.

"Oops, clumsy me," she said, holding it up to the kitchen window with a shaky hand and examining it for cracks. "What was that, dear? A janitor?"

"Yeah, this would have been maybe twenty years ago."

"Yes, I do remember something, but I think that was after I'd graduated. Didn't it involve the boiler?"

"Yes, an accident with the boiler, exactly."

"Sorry, as I say, I think I'd left by that time. I don't remember anything more than that."

"Oh well, never mind," Nancy said, getting to her feet and kissing her mother's cheek. "I'll see you after school."

--

Walking back from the canteen, Nancy told her friend Tina that she'd had another nightmare, although she omitted the more embarrassing details. They talked over what they knew so far although, in truth, they knew very little. They debated what to do next as they strolled down the corridors, brushing past their fellow students as they passed the trophy cabinets and rows of grey metal lockers. 

"Hey, whatever happened back then, it happened in here," Tina said, pausing next to a door that was labelled "Boiler room, staff only".

"We can't go in there!" Nancy said. "We're not allowed."

"Come on, maybe the current janitor knows something. It doesn't hurt to ask."

"Gee, I don't know," Nancy said, unconvinced.

"Come on, don't be a scaredy-cat," Tina replied, pushing the door and finding it unlocked. "I just want to have a quick look."

Nancy reluctantly followed Tina down a long flight of hard, concrete steps, past a sign that read "No students allowed". Turning the corner at the bottom, they found themselves in a huge, cavernous space. It was sparse and dimly lit but Nancy could make out a row of lockers to her right, some of them open, mops and buckets spilling out. A row of metal shelves in front of her held cleaning materials but most of the space was taken up with a vast, complicated tangle of pipes and boilers that filled the warm, dusty air with an ominous, low, rumbling noise.

"Wow, I never knew this was here," Tina said, peering into the darkness at the complex tangle of pipes.

"Come on, let's go, I really don't think we should be down here," Nancy said, tugging at Tina's t-shirt nervously.

"Hello? Is there anyone down here?" Tina shouted, ignoring her.

From the shadows, a tall, dark figure studied the two girls. They were both attractive; the more confident of the two was blonde, her skin-tight bleached blue jeans hugging the curve of her cute ass, her curly blonde hair grazing the neck of her black Ramones t-shirt. 

The quieter, more nervous one had loosely curled, shoulder-length chestnut-brown hair, and he watched as she followed her friend. Although dressed more conservatively in a buttoned-up white blouse and a knee-length skirt, she was just as good-looking but in a more pretty, girl-next-door way.

"Come on, don't be a wuss, let's look around," Tina insisted.

"Gee, I don't know, it all looks dangerous. We could get burnt or something."

"Can I help you girls?" the man said, stepping into the dim light and causing them both to jump.

He was in his thirties, tall and lean, with black hair slicked back from a lean, angular face and wearing a blue boiler suit covered in oil stains.

"Gosh mister, you scared us!" Tina said, her hand clutching her chest.

"Sorry about that, but you girls shouldn't be down here unescorted, that equipment can be dangerous."

"Told you!" Nancy hissed, digging Tina in the ribs.

"You're the janitor, right? Listen, sorry about barging in, but we're, um, doing a project on heating systems and we hoped you might show us around," Tina improvised.

"Heating systems, huh?"

"Yeah, we're, like, really interested in boilers and... stuff," Nancy confirmed, nodding her head.

"Well, I've got a few minutes, I can show you around. You know, I rarely get visitors down here, and they ain't hardly ever as attractive as you two," he said with a lop-sided grin, and the trace of a southern accent.

Nancy nervously tugged at the hem of her skirt as his eyes lingered over her legs.

"Now the boiler system you're looking at runs on liquefied petroleum gas, or LPG. It's stored right here, he said slapping a large, rounded tank. "Now we actually have four boilers in this system: three for heating water to run through the radiators to heat the school and one to provide all the hot water. Now down here..." he said, as they followed him along a narrow corridor, the walls formed by a tangle of thick metal pipes.

After a few minutes, Nancy tuned out, silently regretting letting Tina talk her into this. 

"Now you may be wondering what happens to all the noxious gases that are produced, like carbon monoxide, that's highly poisonous you know. Well..."

"So how old is this system?" Tina interrupted.

"Well I've only been here five years, but I understand it was put in about twenty years ago."

"Oh, really? What was here before that?"

"I think it was an old solid fuel boiler. You know wood or coal, or both. But between you and me, I heard there was some kind of accident, a serious accident, so it was condemned."

"Oh? So it was taken out and replaced?"

"I could be wrong but I think the old boiler's still there, behind this door," he said walking to the end and banging a thick metal door with his fist, the noise echoing off the metal ducts. Nancy found herself holding her breath as he twisted the handle but it clanked dully, refusing to open.

"Yeah, as I thought, they keep this locked. I'm told it ain't safe back there."

"So you've never been in there?"

"No, nobody goes in there as far as I know. I think it's just a small room with the old boiler."

"So who has a key?" Tina asked.

"I don't know. Maybe the headmaster? I've never asked. Anyway, I wanted to explain the venting system we have here. Now when the gas burns it produces all sorts of..."

"Hey, look at the time!" Tina said, glancing at her watch.

"Yes, um, we've got to get to our next class," Nancy added.

"Oh, you've got to go? So soon?" he said.

"Yes, sorry, we really have to rush, thanks though," Tina said, as they headed back towards the stairs.

"Okay, well you girls are welcome down here any time."

"Yeah, thanks for your time," Nancy said, hurrying after her friend.

"My pleasure. Hey, I'm going to a party later, you girls doing anything?" he shouted after them, his distant voice echoing off the bare walls and metal piping.

"Sorry, we're busy tonight," Tina shouted as they ran up the stairs, her trainers slapping the concrete steps.

--

"Hey, wasn't that janitor guy creepy?" Tina said later, as they headed home along Main Street.

"Yeah, really creepy, almost as bad as the bogey man in our nightmares," Nancy replied.

"I dreamt about him again last night. He's usually just chasing me but this time he caught up and he was, you know, touching me and stuff."

"What, like groping you?" Nancy asked.

"Yeah, it was really gross."

"Yeah, I had the same thing. He was on my bed, you know, molesting me," Nancy said, feeling herself blush as she remembered the events of the morning.

"Jeez, I swear it just seems to get worse every night. First, he's chasing me, then he's got his hands all over me, where's it going to end?"

"Yeah, it just feels like he's getting stronger, don't you think?"

They walked on in silence, until they spotted Glen up ahead of them, across the street.

"Hey Glen! Glen!" Nancy shouted.

"I think he's wearing headphones, he's probably listening to that new Walkman he got for his birthday," Tina said as they walked a little quicker.

Glen was walking along, bobbing his head as they caught up with him. He smiled when they caught his attention, slipping off his headphones and walking along with them.

"Pretty cool, huh? I can listen to my music wherever I go," he grinned.

"Listen, have you had any nightmares about that creepy guy recently?" Tina asked.

"Well, now and then. I did dream he was chasing me last night with that evil-looking glove thing."

"Yeah, we were just saying how it seems to be getting worse. Maybe we should do something about it. I can't help thinking he looks like that janitor that died. Do you think this is all connected?" Nancy said.

"Maybe. Maybe we need to find out more about that janitor," he said.

"Yeah, but how?" Tina said.

"Well, I've been thinking. If it was like this big fatal accident, it would have been in the Springfield Courier," Nancy said.

"Yeah, maybe. But where would we find a twenty-year-old copy of the local paper?" Tina asked.

"You know I think they have old copies on micro-fiche in the library. I don't know how far back they go though."

"Let's have a look tomorrow. In the meantime, I'm using these to stay awake tonight," the blonde said, pulling a bottle from the pocket of her denim jacket.

"What are they?" Nancy said peering at the label. They stopped on the corner by the bakery: Glen lived off to the left, Tina and Nancy straight on.

"They're called 'Stay Alert', they're caffeine pills. My father used to take them to stay awake when he was doing that long-distance lorry driving, before he became an ambulance driver."

"So they stop you falling asleep and having horrible nightmares?"

"That's the idea. You want some?"

Nancy nodded and held out her hand, watching as Tina shook a few of the tiny white pills into her palm.

"How about you, Glen?"

"Nah, I'm fine. You can't stay awake forever, right? Anyway, I'm not scared of the bogey man, it's just a dream, right? Catch you tomorrow," Glen said, waving over his shoulder as he turned left, into his street.

"See yah," Tina and Nancy chorused.

--

Glen lingered downstairs, idly flicking through the television channels late into the night as his family disappeared to their rooms, one-by-one. Finally, he dragged himself upstairs and soon collapsed into bed.

He lay awake for a while, watching light and shadow dance across the plain white ceiling as cars drove past the house. This was stupid, he told himself. What was he scared of? It was just a bad dream. It was okay for Nancy and Tina to be scared, they were girls after all. But he was eighteen, virtually a grown-up, he should really be above this kind of thing.

He rolled over and closed his eyes.

It seemed to be only a few minutes later, that he realised something felt wrong. Very wrong.

The first thing he noticed was that his hands were somehow trapped above his head; he could hear a rattling sound when he tried to move them. The second thing was the dark figure straddling his stomach, his scarred, twisted face looming over him, slowly becoming visible as his eyes adjusted to the darkness.

"Hey! What's going on?" he said groggily.

"Hello, Glen, I think you and I need to have a little chat about Nancy," the man chuckled in his grating voice, his breath stinking of charcoal and ash.

"You leave Nancy alone, you pervert!" he replied, his wrists straining against his bonds.

"She's quite a girl, huh? I had a little fun with her last night. She's got great tits, huh?" the man chuckled.

"Let me go! I'll kick your ass!" Glen said, angrily writhing on the bed, trying to free himself.

"What's the matter, Glen? Oh yes, that's right. You haven't fucked her yet, have you? Never even seen her naked," he taunted. "Well, you really are missing something."

"You fucking bastard!" Glen said, bucking against the bed and trying to throw his tormentor off.

"I tell you Glen, she's got a lovely pussy. As sweet and juicy as a ripe peach, you should have heard her moan when I licked her, she loved it," he chuckled.

"You're a liar! I'm gonna kick your ass, when I get loose, you sick pervert!" Glen shouted, then froze as the man drew the glove close to his face, the metal blades cold against his bare skin.

"Careful Glen, it's not nice to call people names," he said, as he slowly drew the blades along the young man's throat, and down over his chest. Glen held his breath, watching as the dark figure slowly drew the tip down over his naked stomach, then heard himself whimper as the man pressed a little more firmly, etching a thin, red line onto the blank canvas of his skin.

"Just a little reminder to be polite," he growled as he shifted down over the young man's body.

"Careful, please," Glen gasped as he watched the blade slip beneath the waistband of his boxer shorts, easily slicing through the white cotton, perilously close to his cock. Soon his shorts were lying shredded on the floor.

"Well now Glen, this isn't much of a cock is it?" the man chuckled, holding the flaccid shaft between thumb and forefinger, and prodding it with the point of one of the blades.

"Please, don't," Glen whimpered.

"I mean, no wonder Nancy isn't interested in a little thing like this," he said, his lips twisted into a cruel grin. "Maybe we should just cut it off, hmm?"

"No, please!" Glen repeated.

"Of course Nancy's going to be upset when she hears about your little accident. But don't you worry, she's not going to miss it. I'm gonna keep her happy for you. Yeah, I'm gonna keep her nice and warm at night. In fact, I'm heading over there to give her a little goodnight kiss as soon as I've finished with you."

"No! Please! Please!" Glen was shouting desperately as he felt the blade press against the base of his shaft, feeling a hot, burning sensation as the man drew it along his flesh, the blood starting to flow, just a drop at first, then more and more, flowing out of the gash, soaking into the sheets, livid red spilled against the white cotton...

He was diverted from the intense pain by a loud hammering on his bedroom door, and suddenly he was awake.

"Are you okay?" his father said, standing in the doorway, his large frame silhouetted against the landing light.

"What? Oh yeah, yeah," Glen mumbled drowsily.

"You were really screaming, you woke us both up. Probably woke half the neighbourhood too."

"Sorry, I'm fine, it was just a nightmare," he said, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.

"Okay then, well, I'll get back to bed then," he said.

"Yeah, sorry to wake you, goodnight," Glen said, watching the door close, the room plunged into darkness once more.

Glen switched on his bedside light and looked at his alarm clock. It was 2am. He tugged the duvet down and let out a long sigh of relief as he found his boxer shorts intact, along with their precious cargo. But his relief was short-lived: he frowned as he examined his stomach. He shivered as he ran a finger along the very fine but very real red lines carved into the lean contours of his stomach. He got out of bed and examined himself in the mirror: the three intersecting lines that seemed to form the letter 'F'.

"How could that be?" he wondered, as he ran a hand through his thick, tousled hair. It was just a nightmare. Wasn't it? Perhaps the girls were right, perhaps their bogeyman was getting stronger.

He went back over what had happened. The man had said he was going to see Nancy didn't he? Perhaps he should warn her. No, he definitely needed to warn her, he thought as he quickly pulled on his jeans.

--

The caffeine pills had helped her stay awake until the early hours, but as her clock ticked past 2am, Nancy felt the warm, comfortable numbness of sleep enveloping her tired body. She'd tried to read the same paragraph of her novel at least four times without making it to the end.

Well, she'd given it a go, but as she tried for a fifth time, she could already feel herself surrendering to her drowsiness. 

Hiding in the dark shadows of her psyche, a dark figure waited patiently, his charred lips forming a thin smile as he watched her eyelids droop and her head slump against the pillow. He chuckled softly as he eased the curtains apart a little with a bladed finger, a thin sliver of moonlight falling across her slumbering body.

--

There was a large birch tree in the backyard of Nancy's house, its branches stretching out towards her bedroom window. Once, when he was younger, he remembered using it to climb into Nancy's bedroom when she had been grounded. Back when he was a kid the tree had seemed so much bigger, he thought to himself as he reached up and clutched one of the lower branches and hauled himself up, his trainers scrabbling for purchase against the bark.

He glanced around nervously as he climbed higher, looking up and down the street. There was a full moon shining though a thin, transparent layer of cloud and with the faint amber glow of the street lights, he was worried that he might be seen and mistaken for a burglar or, even worse, a peeping tom. 

He was nearly level with Nancy's bedroom window now, and he started to inch carefully along a thick branch towards it. When he was younger this had seemed easy, but now the branches dipped and swayed perilously as he inched along. After a couple of dangerous wobbles, he was just a couple of feet from her window and able to see through a small gap in the curtains.

At first, he felt a cool rush of relief as he spotted Nancy peacefully asleep but looking closer he saw there was something not quite right. She appeared to have fallen asleep in an odd position, both hands stretched above her head. Easing a little closer, he was shocked as her duvet slid smoothly down, as if pulled by someone he couldn't see, exposing her body clad in a pink, silky pyjama top that stretched down over her thighs. He strained his eyes, peering into the darkness of her room, looking for the hideous, scarred face of their tormentor but could see no one. He was close enough to see her face now; it was creased into a frown, her head rolling from side-to-side, her soft lips silently forming the word "No" as the duvet slid onto the floor.

The further out he inched, the thinner the branch got, and he held his breath as he slid a little closer, nearly close enough to reach the window. Inside, invisible fingers were unfastening her top, one button at a time.

"Leave her alone, you bastard!" he hissed as he watched the silky material being drawn apart, her cupcake breasts glowing palely in the moonlight. He felt a rush of guilty arousal as he watched unseen hands groping her boobs, the soft flesh dimpled as hidden fingers squeezed her boobs into tight cones. He continued to watch helplessly as her elongated nipples hardened, the rose pink buds twisting into tight little peaks as her pretty face creased into a frown.

He had to get close enough to do something! He risked inching a little further, the branch creaking ominously under his weight. Stretching out, he tapped on the window, nearly losing his balance as the ground swayed beneath him.

Nancy looked like she was having the worst nightmare, her body rolling back and forth, her hands trapped above her head, her head thrashing against the pillow. She was naked now apart from a pair of white panties and Glen felt a fresh wave of panic roll over him as he watched them slowly slide down over her hips, drawn by an unseen force.

"No! Nancy! Nancy!" he shouted, banging on the window with his fist. Seeing Nancy naked for the first time was something he'd dreamt about for so long, but not like this! He thumped harder, as her panties slid off her ankles as if they had a will of their own, then disappeared into a dark corner. It could have been his imagination, but he could swear he heard a familiar, raspy laugh as the invisible force yanked her legs open, her most intimate place exposed as she twisted and writhed on the mattress, moist streaks appearing on her skin as he licked her inner thighs.
