 Edited by grendel_graves

Be patient with this one, not as much sex as developing more story. The next chapter will make up for it.

*****

Keira ran her fingers through her hair, letting the water rinse the smell of sex off of her body and down the drain. The water was hotter than most people could stand, but she didn't mind. She relished the heat. As she rinsed the lavender scented soap from her skin, Keira thought of Gavin's hands on her body, and she shuddered. No one had ever made her cum like that. Just thinking of him thrusting into her, his lips on hers, was enough to ignite the fire.

Without thinking, Keira's hand traveled down her stomach and down between her legs. Closing her eyes, she dipped her fingers into her pussy and slowly rubbed circles over her clit. A soft breeze rolled across her body, but she thought nothing of it as a small moan escaped her lips. She rubbed her clit a little faster, her other hand pinched and rolling her nipples between her fingers. Dipping her finger once more into her pussy, Keira brought her hand up, sucking on her fingers. She tasted really good. Her fingers delved back into her pussy, moving in and out and then circled back onto her clit in tight fast movements, bringing her to a close end. She bit back a cry as she came, her fingers still working her clit expertly.

"Did I not satisfy you enough on the roof?" Gavin's voice rang out, echoing in the bathroom. Startled, Keira screamed and lost her balance. She fell, landing in a towel in Gavin's arms.

"What the hell, Gavin? How long were you standing there?" She huffed.

"My question first, love. Did I not satisfy you?" Gavin purred, nuzzling her cheek with his nose. Keira giggled, reaching up and running her fingers in his hair.

"Of course. I just want more." She answered. One of his hands had wandered underneath the towel and was gently kneading her tit.

"More, huh? And I got to watch the whole thing. The way your face scrunches just as you cum is sexy as fuck." He smiled kissing her, his tongue tracing her lips.

"Mhm." Gavin pinched one of her nipples, pulling slightly.

"Oh, if only we had the time." He replied, withdrawing his hand, and righting Keira back on her feet.

"Tease. Let me guess. I have a new mark...already...two hours after I killed the last one. My vagina needs a break too, ya know." Gavin shrugged as she wrapped the towel tightly around herself and walked over to her closet. Gavin followed, grabbing a folder off of her dresser and sat on the bed.

"You get more assignments than any other female. You are one of the best," He said, crossing his legs and sitting indian style.

"Again, you mean I am a human, and it's only natural to send a human to lure a vampire. You know...blood running through my veins and all." Keira riffled through her closet.

"For the male vampires yes." Gavin chuckled watching her dig through her clothes. She sighed.

"Mhm. What does he like?" She heard Gavin sifting through papers.

"Looks like...anything. He doesn't have any pattern to what females he picks. It does say that he has slightly unusual sexual interests though. Nothing too crazy."

"Like what?" Keira jumped on the bed and looked over Gavin's shoulder at the file in his lap.

"It doesn't say." The face looking back at her from the picture in the folder looked very familiar...in fact, the vampire in the picture looked exactly like Gavin, only with blue eyes. Based on the file that was their only difference.

"He looks just like you." Gavin didn't look up from the file when he answered her.

"He's my brother. My twin brother. We were turned by the same vampire. I haven't seen him since I started working for the organization. I guess he went rogue, or at least he was finally caught that is."

"So I'm supposed to seduce and kill your twin brother?" Keira raised her eyebrows, searching Gavin's face for some answers, but his face was a mask. After a moment, he smiled and kissed her.

"Don't worry, you will have no problem. He always had a thing for busty, red-headed humans with a tight, shaved pussy." Before Keira could say anything, he was gone. Alrighty then, she thought, rolling her eyes. Keira glanced at the picture in the folder once more. Theon was his name. Putting the folder on her nightstand, she climbed into her bed, shutting off her lamp and closed her eyes. Tomorrow night, she hunted Gavin's brother.

******************************************************************************

It's too damn cold for this outfit, Keira thought as she handed the bouncer for Sleek her ID. While he studied it, Keira's body shook from the cold, her teeth chattering. She was wearing a leather micro skirt that barely concealed her ass. Well, technically it was two pieces of leather held together with chains across the sides of her hips. Her top was leather too, a bra with chains as sleeves and peek-a-boo holes for her nipples, and she wore her thigh high boots and black opera gloves as well. Finally, the bouncer handed her ID back and ushered her inside. Warmth slowly creeped back into her skin as she circled the dance floor. Not many bodies slinked out there tonight...maybe Theon wasn't here.

To kill some time, Keira grabbed a few drinks at the bar, watching the crowd. There were a few vamps enjoying humans out on the floor quite loudly, and a couple humans off to the side who looked like they've never stepped foot in a vampire club in their lives. Just when she had given up and was going to call it quits for the night, she spotted him.

He had just walked into the club, and all eyes were on him. He wore tight leather pants, a tight black shirt showing off his abs and chest muscles, and a leather jacket. As soon as his eyes locked onto Keira, he made a bee line straight to her.

"Hello, love." He purred in a British accent. Keira turned to face him, and smiled. He really looked just like Gavin.

"Hey. I've never seen you here before." She batted her eye lashes at him, and he smiled back.

"I should be saying that to you. I'm a regular here. I'm Theon." He held out his hand to her. Keira hesitated briefly but put her hand in his. Instead of shaking it, though, Theon kissed the back of her hand gently.

"Keira." Dropping her hand, he placed his hand on the top of her thigh.

"Keira," He repeated. It was like liquid fire when he said it. His hand was slowly sliding down between her thighs. "That's a beautiful name for a beautiful girl." He leaned forward and kissed Keira's cheek, making her blush. Stop it, she scolded herself...He's a mark. "Why don't we get out of here?" Theon interrupted her thoughts.

"We just met. What makes you think I would just leave here with you?" Keira countered. Theon shrugged and ran his hand over one of the peek-a-boo holes in her top, running his thumb over her nipple causing an involuntary shiver to run through Keira's body.

"We are both consenting adults. I know what I want." Theon stood up, his hand leaving her chest, and leaned in whispering into her ear. "The question is, do you?" He held out his hand in front of her. Keira looked at it briefly before taking it and followed him out of the club.

Theon pulled her, criss-crossing through alleys so fast that Keira lost all sense of direction. If he let her go now, it would take her hours to find her way to somewhere she knew. Suddenly, they stopped in front of a door attached to a worn down brick building.

"Where are we?" Keira asked, catching her breath. Without answering, Theon pushed her hard against the brick was using his weight and strength to pin her there. Keira's breathing sped up, and her heart raced as he brushed his nose against the throbbing vein in her neck. Shit, Keira thought. She was in no position where she was able to get her stakes out.

Theon kissed her neck gently, one hand trailing over her chest, tits, stomach, and hips. Then, slid up under her skirt.

"No panties, eh darling?" His words were muffled by her skin. His hand though, trailed over her pussy. "My kind of girl." He sucked gently on her neck and ran a finger down her slit. Keira sighed, relaxing a bit. Her arms finding their way around Theon's shoulders.

Very slowly and delicately, Theon spread her pussy, lightly tracing around it with her fingers, making Keira squirm. He never touched her clit either, just danced around it, teasing her relentlessly. Her pussy grew wet with each passing moment, and when he finally pushed two fingers inside of her, it was bliss. Keira moaned biting her lip as Theon slowly fucked her with his fingers, twisting them around inside of her as he went. It was like torture, but the good kind.

"Please." Keira sighed, pushing her hips against his hand. Theon chuckled and kissed her lips.

"You Americans are always in such a rush." He whispered into her lips as he pulled his fingers out of her and circled a digit around her clit, but never touching. She tried to move so he would touch the spot she needed, but he kept on. "You need to slow down." He teased, biting her lip and still not touching. Keira moaned, her body shaking. She was so close now. "So, when you finally get there...it's worth it." He finished. Theon finally made tiny circles right over Keira's clit with his thumb. She gasped as an orgasm swept through her. Before she could even think, he pushed three fingers inside of her soaking pussy, keeping his thumb rubbing her clit, and finger fucked her hard. Keira cried out as another, more powerful orgasm rocked her body. Theon never stopped, but kept moving his hand with her as she rode out her pleasure.

Finally, Keira's breathing and heart found their normal rhythm again. Theon's hands were on her hips now, his lips on her neck.

"Aren't you the responsive one." He pulled back looking at her. She smiled, feeling flushed.

"That was incredible." She cooed, running her hand down his chest and to the front of his pants where his erection strained for attention. "Now maybe I can take care of you?" Theon kissed her lips quickly, but pulled away, leading her through the door and up some stairs.

"I want to show you something first." Four flights later, Theon led her through another door and into a room. The walls were lined with many machines that Keira didn't recognize. In the middle of the room, was a table...with straps. Theon dropped her hand, and patted the table. "Hop on." Keira looked from the table to Theon. She could not be tied up.

"You want me to get on the table and let you tie me up?" She asked taking a step backwards. If she obliged, she would be completely vulnerable. Her arms and legs would be restrained.

"That's half the fun." Theon smiled, running his hand up her arm.

"I don't know about that." Keira batted her eye lashes. Why can't he just fuck me like everyone else, she thought as Theon kissed her cheek and then her neck.

Suddenly, Keira's neck was on fire. Blinding pain radiated from her neck throughout her entire body, enough to make her vision swim. Keira tried to push Theon away, but his teeth were latched on her throat. Quickly her strength waned and her vision slowly faded to black.