 The Red Lounge had always been a popular hangout for the men of Zenith. Thousands of horny males filled to the brim with testosterone trekked to the outskirts of the city to watch and enjoy females strutting their stuff on stage, swinging on poles or pleasuring them in some way at their seats. The back of the place had a couple VIP rooms where, for a bunch of extra money, the men could expel all of their pent up stress with a lady of their choice.

Jane was one of those ladies. She wasn't particularly attractive though. Most men went for the women with the huge breasts. Her friend Stacy, for example, had triple Ds. She pulled in thousands of dollars a night. Jane, however, was lucky enough to get a hundred for a few lap-dances.

All that changed when she ended up with Randy.

Randy was as sleazy as they came. That's saying a lot considering the fact that Zenith was a prime city to find sleazy men. If the title existed, Randy would be king of the sleaze-balls.

The man dressed in the most outrageous pimp style ever - large leopard print hats, a purple jacket along with the most annoyingly pink undershirt. Around his neck hanging against his hairy chest was a gold medallion with the words SEX GOD on it.

Randy walked through the lounge perusing the "stock" as he liked to call it. He stroked his chin looking for the finest piece of woman he could find. Disappointingly most of the women were already busy with their own customers. The only one not giving a lap-dance or swinging on a pole was Jane.

"Ick," he thought aloud, "The scrawny one is the only one left?" Randy shrugged his shoulders. "It'll have to do."

The man in the loud clothes strutted himself over to the bar where Jane sat lazily sipping a martini. He ran his hands through his slicked back hair and gave her an arrogant smirk.

"Hey there," he said." what do you say we go get a VIP room so you can show me what you got?"

Jane looked at him with disgust. She knew all too well who Randy was. She also knew that the only reason he was there was because the others were taken.

Randy reached into his pocket and pulled out a huge stack of cash.

"This," he said, "is all yours if you go along with it."

Jane's eyes widened. There had to be almost ten thousand dollars there. She gulped her drink down and stood up.

Jane led the disgusting man down the hall into one of the bigger suites. The middle of the room had a large king sized bed covered with a delicate silk comforter. Plush pillows decorated the head of the bed.

Randy plopped onto the edge of the bed while Jane stood in front of him. She wiggled her hips rhythmically as she lifted her arms up giving the man an evil smile.

"I want you," Jane told him. She tried to hide a sickened face under her seduction. "I want to do so many naughty things to you."

Jane moved closer to the man running her hands down the front of her body between her cleavage across her stomach and into her pants. She twiddled her clitoris a few times before pulling her hands out and unbuttoning them. As she moved her hips back and forth she slowly pulled them down.

Jane looked up at Randy feigning a smile as she unhooked the A-cup bra she had on.

"I hope you like what you see," she said displaying her tiny yet perky breasts.

Randy just looked at the flat chested woman and silently scoffed. His penis, on the other hand, was already at attention.

The final piece of clothing Jane took off as she continued her way between Randy's legs were her underwear. She wiggled out of those and bent over giving the man a view of her perfectly shaped labia.

Randy's eyes widened at the site of such a beautiful vagina. He had never seen anything like it before. Everything was proportional and symmetric. He wondered how anything like this could be hanging from such a plain looking scrawny thing like this woman. He also knew he needed to conquer this thing.

Jane danced over Randy's lap massaging his body with her own. She placed her hands over his cheek and moved them to the back of his neck as she rhythmically bumped and ground against his aching member. 

Jane sensed it was time so she unbuttoned his pants and pulled the zipper down. Then she pulled them and his underwear down a little bit. His penis popped out in front of her face. A little bit of pre-come splattered onto her cheek.

Jane licked the pre-come off of his penis. 

"Mmmm," she said. 

Jane placed her lips around the shaft of the man's member then she slowly moved up and down along the fleshy organ. Jane rubbed and massaged the phallus skillfully. Randy smiled and lay back onto the bed. His excitement building into the plateau.

Since Jane had done this kind of thing before, she knew when it was time to release him.

Before she could release him, Randy grabbed the back of Jane's head and pushed her down over his member.

"You will eat all of my come," he demanded. "I paid good money for you."

Jane tried to break free mumbling in protest but he was too strong. It was too late. His penis spasmed inside of her. The man smiled letting his musky, slimy, salty gunk enter her mouth.

"Now swallow it," Randy demanded.

Jane reluctantly complied. The slimy goop slid down her throat like some kind of alien slug beast. 

The minute his sperm entered her stomach Jane felt something deep inside. A slight nausea slowly radiated out of her stomach and moved down her body tingling the tip of her clitoris. She felt the urge to dive deep within her.

Jane fell back onto the floor and placed her hand over her vagina. She rubbed hard poking and prodding and moving her hads along her fleshy folds. She couldn't stop masturbating.

Randy, thinking it was some kind of act just smiled and watched. Orgasms ripped through every fiber of her being. they came at shorter and shorter intervals increasing in intensity. She moaned and arched her back as they came. Ejaculate flowed out of her onto the floor.

Randy watched as something inside of her pushed up against the skin on her chest. It tightened as two mounds surrounded her tiny breasts stretching her flesh until it tore open. Two big orbs of boob-flesh popped out of her chest with her last orgasm. She fell back as her body relaxed.

The man got up from the bed and went over to her. He looked to see if she was alright. Jane's eyes jerked open as soon as he touched her.

Jane sat up and stared at Randy. This time a genuinely seductive smile crossed her face. She slowly slid out of her old skin completely covered in a strange lubricating slime. It smelled sweet and unearthly with a slight musky highlight.

The newly transformed woman's body glistened in the dim red light of the room. Her perky double Ds swung and bobbled with every step she took. Something about her made Randy uneasy. He backed away.

"What's the matter Randy boy?" Jane said, taunting him, "Don't you like what you see? I thought you liked big breasts on a woman."

Jane came at the man pinning him against the door. Her now silky platinum blonde hair tickled his chest.

"You can't escape me," she said. She sensed his already erect penis. "I know you want me. Your body has been sending me signals."

Randy tried to push Jane off but she was too strong. The woman grabbed the man's member and slowly guided into her. Jane moved up and down along his body rubbing his chest and shoulders sensuously.

"Just relax Randy boy," the woman said. "Janie's going to take good care of you."

Jane pressed her now full, juicy lips against his and forced her tongue into him. When she let go she slowly moved up and down along the man's shaft slowly getting faster and faster.

"Oh yes," Jane said. "You're going to love what I have in store for you."

with every thrust of her body she could feel herself continuing to change. Randy's sperm shot out into her and her vagina seemed to hungrily take it all in. After a while of milking the man she could feel the start of a new orgasm. It built and built through the plateau stage and finally exploded.

Jane threw her head back letting out this loud unearthly screech as the man screamed in pain. Then he slowly fell into unconsciousness and finally death.

When Jane released her victim he fell to the floor lifeless and castrated. Not a drop of blood poured out of the cooling corpse. She smiled at her handiwork.