 Officer Adriana Ruiz walked up the path to apartment 6969. She knocked on the door. The lock clicked open and the door gave way to a busty blonde woman. A brilliant red corset hugged her curvaceous body leaving nothing up to the imagination. Her cleavage rose and fell against the red lace prison like fresh bread dough. The cascades of her bleached hair framed a face of piercing green eyes, a petite nose and full, sensuous lips.

A slight breeze came through the open door wafting a strange and sweet aroma with musky highlights into Adriana's face. The officer felt the slight tingle of arousal every time she inhaled.

"Hello," The woman said. She had a sultriness in her voice. It gave Adriana chills. "Can I help you?"

"Are you Miss Jane Vixx?" Adriana asked.

"Yes I am."

"I'm investigating the recent murders of two guys Who were regulars of The Red Lounge. Witnesses say that you and Stacy were the last two people to see them alive. Do you have a minute to answer some questions?"

Jane sighed.

"Sure but can we talk inside. I was just about to get a drink."

"Yeah sure."

Adriana followed Jane into the apartment. She sat on the velvet black sofa as Jane went into the kitchen to fix some drinks. She looked around. It was a normal looking apartment. Plasma TV in front of the window, a matching velvet love-seat on the other side of the room, a dinner table covered in red table cloth. Nothing out of the ordinary.

Jane came back to the living room with two drinks in martini glasses. She handed one to Adriana. Officer Ruiz examined her drink closely. It was an odd flesh color. Blue fiber-like strands ran through the drink making it look like the glass was full of human flesh.

"Better drink it," Jane said as she gulped hers down. "Otherwise it'll congeal."

Adriana threw the drink back. It wasn't a drink per se. It's consistency was more like that of a gel. A burst of musky sweetness poured over her tongue when it entered her mouth. It slid down into her stomach and settled to the bottom.

"I hope you like it," Jane said grinning at her guest. "It's my own special cocktail."

That was when a burning sensation seeped out from Adriana's stomach all over her body. She dropped the glass, slid back on the couch and squirmed in her seat. Her hands ran over her chest, up and down her tan body.

"Wha-wha-what's going on?" Adriana panicked. "What was in that drink!"

Jane just sat there grinning at her guest. She played with her breasts giving them a squeeze. A translucent white liquid came out of both nipples. She gathered a glob up on her finger and brought it to her succulent lips.

"Like I said," she replied. "Its my own special cocktail. Now just relax. Let it take effect."

Adriana continued to squirm as Jane shifted her body over her guest. Officer Ruiz's buttons already fell undone under the workings of Jane's slender fingers. The blonde knelt down between the officer's tan legs. As she licked the her stomach she unzipped her pants.

"What's happening to me! umph!" An orgasm ripped through Adriana's body like a tsunami crashing against the shoreline. "Tell me what you did!"

"You'll soon find out," Jane said as she tickled and teased the officer's bare thighs with her warm wet tongue. "You'll feel so much better too. Just trust me."

Adriana's vagina flowed with her juices. Another orgasm caused a splash to flow out onto the hardwood floor. Jane lapped it up. She continued to lick and suck the two flaps of skin and the tiny sensitive nub at the top. Her skilled mouth made smacking noises with every suck.

"You'll see," Jane said in between sucks and licks. "Its so liberating. Its the most beautiful thing you'll ever experience."

Jane lifted her head up a little gripping her partner's buttocks. She shot Adriana an evil little grin and opened her mouth. A slimy tube emerged. The tip folded open letting a translucent mucus to flow out. Before she could dive in, Adriana shoved her off and ran out of the apartment and down to her car. She jumped in and turned the ignition. Her tires screeched out of the parking space and out of the gate.

As she barreled down the roadway her vulva pulsed in her pants. Adriana squirmed and fidgeted in the driver's seat. Her body shifted and morphed with every convulsion of her sex. She threw her head back and let out a scream. Her body started craving flesh. She wanted someone's man meat to penetrate deep within her, to spasm and ejaculate all of its sweet salty seed deep into her ever hungry womb. The desire to tear anyone's organ out and suck them dry became too unbearable for her.

Adriana needed to relieve her cravings somehow but she didn't want to hurt anyone so she did the best thing she could think of to try to control herself. The officer brought the car around behind a building. Visions of men penetrating her to the hilt flooded her mind squirting into her. Her vagina took everything in like some kind of voracious animal. She reached down into her pants and dove into the wet depths between her labia. Loud moans and convulsions came forth with every orgasm. She could feel her body changing. The transformation process sped up with every stroke of her sex. Bumps grew around the walls of her vagina. Touching them only caused more orgasms. With every orgasm they grew and became sharper. She felt her hips widen and her breasts enlarge under her skin. Her face stretched and morphed slowly becoming more symmetrical. She tensed as soon as the final orgasm ripped through her body. It twitched under the intense vibrations and convulsions her stimulation caused.

When she released herself, Adriana fell back into the seat and sighed. Her body dripped with sweat. A faint yet sweet smell emanated from every pore in her skin. She glanced down at herself. Running her hands over her breasts, she noticed they grew. The skin that covered them stretched and strained as if they were about to burst from her chest. She knew something was wrong. She just didn't know what.