 Mike opened his eyes. He found himself in a small dark room. Light from outside poured through wooden grates permanently slanted inward. A violent nausea turned his stomach. He looked around.

The officer found himself stuffed in a small room. Light flowed into the little room outlining a few corsets, bras, bikinis and other tiny outfits clinging to hangers. Underneath them were pairs of high heels lined up against the wall.

"This is going to be so great," said a seductive and familiar voice from behind the door.

Trying to steady himself, Mike sat up and looked through the wooden grates. Near the bed he saw a man. He was a big guy. Black shades, muscular arms and legs matching a chiseled stomach and torso. His impressive manhood was already up and throbbing at the sight of the busty beauty lying naked in the bed.

Stacy gave the man an evil grin. She leaned back on the pillows and slowly opened her legs enticing him with her glistening slit.

"Do you like what you see?" the busty blonde asked.

"Oh yeah." the burly man replied.

"Good. I'm glad. I'm going to make sure you get what you paid for. When I'm done with you you'll see that I'm worth every cent. Now come here. I want you to pleasure me."

An eager look crossed the man's face. He climbed up onto the bed and crawled between Stacy's legs. The man started licking her. Mike could hear the sucking noises as muscled hunk pleasured and played with her lower lips. Stacy smiled and jerked her head up a little letting out a grunt.

"Oh yes," she said. "Play with my pussy. You paid for my juices. Get your money's worth."

Stacy wrapped her legs around the man's head. He continued to work on her. She moved and squirmed around the man enjoying every moment of it. Unearthly moans escaped from her lips as the blonde woman drew the man closer to her. His face was completely buried in her crotch. She continued to pull on him with her legs grabbing the back of his head playing with his hair while he went to work.

"That's it," the woman said. "Lick every last drop. Mmmmm. It feels so good."

Mike watched as the man continued his work. She closed her legs around putting the man in a headlock pinning him against her crotch. She used her hands to push him down. The man stopped his work trying to break free. Stacy was too strong. A loud crunching noise came from the bed. Then sounds of tearing flesh. Stacy laughed as the man's body flailed around inside her grip. A second crunch came and the body fell limp. More crunching and sounds of tearing flesh could be heard before Stacy finally let go. After releasing her victim she let out a satisfied sigh and let the body rest between her legs for a while. Then she pushed the body over and covered it with a blanket. She placed a finger over her labia to take up some of the fluids and blood that dribbled from her lower lips.

"Mmmm," she said tasting the prize. "That really hit the spot. I think I'll save the rest for later. I really don't know why Jane has us discard what we don't eat."

Stacy stood up, went to her dresser and put on some clothes. Then she looked in the mirror and examined her face for a while. She looked at the glowing healthy skin of her cheeks smiling at the newest changes to her complexion and even the radiance the rest of her body seemed to exhume. She fluffed up the fleshy orbs that hung on her chest and ran her hands across her flattened stomach.

"Sexier than ever," she said to herself.

Mike didn't know what to think. He didn't know what to do. He just needed to get out of there. As soon as Stacy left the room he tried to stand. The nausea that continued whirling around in his stomach welled up and spilled out in the form of a white mucus. He toppled a little but caught himself. When the officer regained his balance he opened the door and crept out. His stomach still turned with nausea. Every step became a struggle as he walked up to the bed. 

The officer looked at the covers concealing the man's body. He lifted the closest corner to get a look at the corpse. What he was greeted by was horrific and brutal. The man's face was ripped clean off. A huge bite was taken out of the front of the victim's face. Much of the soft facial tissue had been pulled out. Through the gaping hole in the exposed bone the officer noticed pink and gray chunks of leftover brain matter clinging to the smooth insides of the bone.

Mike turned away and wretched. Another bout of mucus fell to the floor. He staggered out of the room and down the hall. He didn't know what Stacy became but he didn't like it. He needed to get out of there. Who knows how many other women were converted. He could only guess what she would do to him if she found him awake and walking around.

Out in the main lobby the crowds were all gathered around the stages watching Stacy and two other women dancing and moving around their poles. They hypnotically snaked their ways around enticing the horny men with their undulating bodies. Mike pushed through the throngs of men. He felt another mess of vomit well up into his throat. It seemed sweeter this time like the strange fluids Stacy produced the last time she had sex with him. He didn't have time to think about that though. All he could do was swallow and continue to push through.

Mike was suddenly hit with an extreme arousal. His penis stood straight up. Covering the tent in his pants, he walked along the wall toward the entrance. He could sense all the women in the room. Their heat, their fragrance everything bothered him. They seemed to pulsate with the music like blobs of sexual energy. Mike stumbled over himself feeling self aware. He had to sit down. 

The officer staggered over to the door at the front. Mike wretched. Another mess of mucus splattered onto the ground. He managed to open the door and crawl his way through finally collapsing on the concrete outside. He lost consciousness once again.

####

A few hours passed. Mike found himself inside a car somewhere on the outskirts of town. A petite redhead peeked from behind the front seat. She gave him a slight Cheshire cat grin.

"It looks like he's awake," the woman said.

A woman with short jet-black hair and piercing green eyes peered from behind the passenger seat.

"That's good Cassandra," she said. "He gave us quite a scare." The woman sat up revealing a creamy complexioned face. She gave mike a teasing grin "Are you okay? You passed out outside of that whore house. I guess the women in there were too much for you."

"S-S-Stacy..." Mike gurgled incoherently. "Changes..."

The officer sat up. Another gurgling explosion of vomit came out onto the floor of the car.

"That stuff better come out Lynn," Cassandra said. "He's been doing it a lot back there."

"Oh come on," The woman in the passenger seat replied. "It doesn't even smell that bad. Its kind of like a sweet perfume."

Lynn shifted in her seat. She closed her eyes a little letting her hand snake its way up her stomach. She opened her eyes right away and looked over to the driver's seat. Cassandra gave her a look.

"Sorry," Lynn said. "Something has really gotten me riled up. Mmmm. I have no idea what it could be."

Mike felt his pants tighten. His body wanted sex. He tried to cover the already growing bulge between his legs. Lynn noticed it. She turned the seat fully around. Then she crept over to him putting her hands on his lap. She smiled at him and her eyes narrowed. The woman's slender hands crept up along the officer's legs. A heavy breath fell over the man's body. It was hot and wet.

"Mmmmm. I bet all of you FAP boys have huge stick under there," Lynn said inching her way closer to the officers face. "I want you to tame my civil unrest right now."

The feeling of Lynn's hand caused Mike to quiver. His heart pounded through his tightening pants. A small trickle of his seed flowed into his underwear.

"Please," Mike gurgled. "I-I-I can't." 

"Lynn," Cassandra said from the front. "Control yourself."

"Oh lighten up fire-crotch."

Lynn opened Mike's legs and started grinding against him. The stimulation was too much. Mike grunted letting himself go. A huge wet spot radiated out from the crotch of his uniform.

"Oh too bad," Lynn pouted "Looks like you fired your goo cannon too soon. We need to get you nice and clean."

"what?!" Mike jumped covering the spot staining his uniform. "No its okay."

Cassandra started to feel something too. Sweet unearthly aromas filled the car trailing to the front under her nose. The redhead shifted in her seat. She closed her eyes as a big grin fell across her face. Her eyes opened. She had to control herself. She focused on the road.

"It'll be no trouble at all," Lynn replied smiling at the man. "Besides, I always thought you FAPs were used to pretty girls servicing you."

"Lynn will you stop," Cassandra said fidgeting in her seat. "Or at least keep your pants on until we get home?"

Lynn looked back at the driver of the car. Then at the officer. Her face twisted into a hungry grin. Her eyes narrowed full of lust.

"I guess not," the brunette said. "I have a weakness for men in uniform. Besides, how could you even resist a hunk like this."

Cassandra could feel it. The urges were driving her crazy. Juices trickled out of her g-string onto the seat. She scrunched her hands up digging her fingernails into the plastic steering wheel trying with all her might to focus on the road. The smells kept creeping under her nose nd Lynn's constant burbling and seduction only made it worse. Everything around her was sexy. The lights of the other cars zooming past her, the man in the back trying to keep himself from being ravaged, everything. She couldn't take it anymore. She set the car on autopilot and turned the seat around. Her eyes were wild with hunger and lust. She unbelted and joined her companion.

The two women ripped the officer's pants off. They licked up all the expelled mess completely cleaning him. The feeling of their tongues and lips running all over his lower body caused his erection to pop up once again.

"Finally," Lynn said massaging the man's enlarged penis.

Cassandra and Lynn continued their onslaught of the police man. They ripped his shirt off exposing his bare chest to them. Like hungry animals they proceeded to kiss and lick his body taking turns with his penis. One would run her hands over the shaft letting the other take in everything he produced.

"It tastes so good," Lynn said. "Doesn't it Cass."

"Oh yes," the redhead replied. "I'm so glad I'm doing this."

As the two women sucked and played with Mike's erection they played with their clitorises moving further down and diving deep between their vaginal folds. Every time one released Mike they yelped or moaned as a small orgasm popped through their bodies. As soon as they were done it was back to sucking him off again. His orgasms became more and more intense with every stroke and with every edge. Finally the women both fell over playing with themselves thrashing around on the floor of the car while the white glop from Mike came pouring out. He was screaming in agony by then.

Mike watched as the two women pleasured themselves. They contorted on their backs with their legs open and white goo flowing from between their legs leaking from their slowly ripening breasts. The two women screamed and squealed as flesh began to tear from their backs. A couple pops down the middle exposed new smoother flesh.

"OOOOOH YEEEES!," Cassandra screamed. Her buttocks rounded off into a plump shape stretching the skin and tearing open "IT FEEEELSSS SSSSOOOO GOOOOOD!"

"I FEEL ALIVE!" Lynn called back. Her grin of lust and hunger became deranged while the skin on her face stretched and tore open with the new changes she was experiencing. She reached for Mike's penis. "I NEEEEED YOOOOOUUUUU INSSSSIIIIDE OFFFFF MEEEE!"

Lynn impaled herself on the officer bouncing her body over him. Her old skin flopped off of her down along her arms covering Mike as she continued attacking his penis. She pulled it down. Her piercing green eyes became almost hypnotic. Her skin now had a rosy tint to it and her body was that of a porn star at the top of her game.

Cassandra finished herself off, got up and slid out of her skin. She emerged from her transformation just as sexy as her companion. An enormous grin as deranged and hungry as Lynn's crossed her face.

Cassandra sat down beside Mike and massaged his chest watching Lynn enjoy herself. All Mike could do was grunt and moan with forced pleasure until another excruciating explosion of seed poured out of him. Lynn released him. The officer's face scrunched into a look of agony as he tried to catch his breath. Sweat poured down from all over his body. Cassandra climbed on top of him next.

"Oh please," Mike pleaded. "No more."

"Oh yes." Cassandra snapped. She rocked back and forth over him. "I don't think you have much of a choice."

By now Mike was rubbed completely raw and swollen. Despite all of his pleadings Cassandra kept going. She let out a long loud maniacal laugh as she continued her onslaught. Deep inside of her, Mike felt tiny hardened lumps growing along her vaginal walls.

"You are going to really love this," Cassandra said.

The redhead slid down the officer's shaft. Mike felt a pinch right around the base of his penis. He looked down and saw, as the now statuesque woman lifted herself up. Blood ran out from between the folds of her skin and long open cuts ran up along Mike's manhood. He screamed as a mess of blood and semen exploded out of him into the red haired woman.

"I only took a taste," Cassandra said. "You're lucky you're holding a new life. We were both very hungry."

"W-W-What do you mean?" the officer asked.

"That mucusy stuff coming out of you."

"Yeah?"

"Its not semen or vomit. Stacy implanted a parasitic embryo inside of you."

"A what?!"

Lynn leaned against Mike's side. She giggled and stroked his penis as the cuts slowly closed up. Cassandra pushed her body down again stroking him and following the brunette's hand. They grinned at the pain and torture he'll be experiencing.

"Yep," the woman with the jet black hair said. "It produces a white membrane around its growing body. When it reaches a certain size it will harden closing up any openings you have. Then it will incubate for a while and grow to a full sized adult. When its done it will tear you apart from the inside."

"How do you know all of this?"

"The embryo produces a lot of other things. Among them are egg cells. Each of those eggs contain everything the previous parent knows. When the eggs enter the body of a normal woman they start transforming her. All the knowledge the parent had gets passed into the newly transformed woman. Its also how we communicate."

Lynn sat up and placed her fore-fingers onto her companion's chin. The two of them opened their mouths. A fleshy tube-like protrusion similar to Stacy's but much lighter in complexion emerged from between Lynn's full juicy lips. Cassandra accepted it and let Lynn deposit juices into her companion's body. Cassandra did the same. 

Cassandra pushed down on Mike one more time. Another powerful explosion of fluids shot out of him and into the woman.

"AAAAAH!" Mike screamed.

As soon as Cassandra finished with the officer the car stopped. She opened the door and pushed him onto the asphalt of a motel parking lot. Then she piled his clothes on top of him. The tires screeched as they drove off. The laughter of the two women trailed off into the early morning light.