 "Oh Cassie! OH CASSIE!" the man said. "You feel so good!"

The red haired woman smiled at the man underneath her as she thrust her body into him. Her pelvis collided with his with such force that the office chair almost fell over. She ran her hands up and down the man's body wrinkling the light blue shirt he was wearing. She unbuttoned each button one by one kissing and caressing his strong, manly chest.

"You feel good too," she said. "Its been such a long time. I really needed this."

The two continued to thrust and move over the chair faster and faster. Each of Cassandra's vigorous thrusts coaxed more of his seed into her. They moaned and gasped in unison. His body tensed as she threw her head back. Sweat poured over the man's face and soaked his shirt sleeves. The intercom next to a view screen on the doctor's desk buzzed.

Crap! Cassandra thought. This is quite possibly the worst time. Oh well. At least I managed to get a little out of him.

"Aren't you going to get that?" Cassandra asked.

"I'm sure it can wait," the man said. "Let's keep going."

"Dr. Lewis! You're so naughty!"

The redhead threw off the doctor's shirt and continued to thrust and move her body over his. She opened her scrub top. Two glorious white globes stared him in the face. His face twisted into that of a crazy lustful animal as he reached out and squeezed them.

"Wow!" Dr. Lewis replied. "They're spectacular."

Cassandra smiled and drew herself inward pressing the two glorious globes against him. Pushing harder into the man, she grabbed his face and pressed her lips onto his. The man's eyes widened as he felt something slimy crawl into it. A few minutes later someone knocked at the door.

"Dr. Lewis?" a woman's voice called. "You're needed in the examination room." 

Cassandra pulled her tube-like proboscis back into her mouth and released the man. She buttoned up her scrubs and got off. Then walked over to the door. The redheaded woman looked back at Dr. Lewis watching him put his shirt back on and fumble around for his white coat. She shot him a seductive smile.

"Guess we'll have to finish this after," she said running her tongue over her lips.

Cassandra glared at the nurse as she passed. Dr. Lewis came out into the hall. He cleared his throat a couple of times straightening the collar of his coat.

"Examination room thirty seven," the woman said.

"Uh...thanks Ashanti," Dr. Lewis said.

####

Adriana waited in the examination room on the cushioned seat. The clock ticked the minutes away as the hum of the fluorescent lights blared. She wondered what they had Mike doing and hoped he was going to make it. She looked down at herself in the revealing paper gown. A long tear in her flesh stretched from her clavicle down between her newly enlarged breasts past her navel. It stopped right a the bottom of her lower abdomen.

In a few moments a tall, thin man with raven black hair stepped into the room holding an electronic tablet. He glanced at the board and then at the woman in the seat.

"Adriana Ruiz?" the man asked. He took some blue gloves out and snapped them on.

"Yes."

"My name's Dr. Lewis. I'll be running some tests to see if we can determine the cause of some of the symptoms you listed. Are you ready to get started?"

"I guess. Do you know how Mike is doing?"

"He's currently in one of the observation rooms with the others."

Adriana picked her head up.

"Others?" she asked.

"It seems that a few of the men have contracted some kind of strange parasite. The surgeons tried removing a few of the first that came to us but found that removal is dangerous. They're not sure what's happening so they decided to put them in isolation until they can figure something out. Now let's see what we have here..."

Dr. Lewis looked down at the notes on his tablet.

"It says here you've been experiencing intense orgasms, tearing flesh, changes in body morphology, and a hyperactive libido. Is that right?"

"Yes."

The doctor stroked the slight stubble on his chin. 

"Hmmm. Well that is odd to say the least." 

Dr. Lewis walked over to the chair and brought out a light attached tot he chair. He turned it on and examined the skin coming off of Adriana's body.

"Hmmm," he said. He took the forceps lying on the metal tray attached to the chair. Then he lifted one of the flaps of skin and tugged. "Do you feel any pain when I do this?"

"No," the woman replied. "It actually kind of tickles."

"Hmmm."

Dr. Lewis next brought down one of the arms attached to the side. It was a white robotic looking arm with a lengthened head at the end of it. The head of the machine had a light sectioned off into four pieces. He pressed a button turning the machine on.

The arm swept across Adriana's body in slow robotic motions. First head to toe. Then side to side. Dr. Lewis examined the images that popped up on the screen of his tablet. He went through each layer of the human body. So far nothing seemed out of the ordinary. Then he saw the inside of her breasts.

"Are you lactating?"

"Not that I know of. Why?"

"You seem to be producing something. We'll have to do some tests."

Dr. Lewis went to the counter and turned on the intercom. The view screen next to the button came to life. Cassandra's face appeared.

"Yes Doctor?" the redhead said.

"Cassandra?" Dr. Lewis said surprised by her presence. "Where's Ashanti?"

"She's busy with something at the moment. I'm covering for her. What do you need?"

"I have a patient here and I need to take a sample here for lab analysis."

"Yes doctor."

The doctor hung up and the view screen went black. A few minutes later the nurse wheeled in a cart with a number of sample cups on it along with other types of swabs and extraction tools. The nurse looked amazing. Red hair cascaded across her broad shoulders enveloping her slender creamy complexioned neck. Her breasts were perky but soft; almost luxurious. She looked like she could make a very comfortable living as a stripper in one of the big high end strip clubs.

Cassandra grinned at Adriana. She narrowed her eyes as she took a cup. Dr. Lewis took the forceps and peeled back the skin. A layer of slime created bridges of clear goo across Adriana's body and the old skin.

"Wow," the doctor said. "I have never seen anything like this. Get a sample of this too."

"Yes doctor."

Cassandra took a cup and use a swab to guide a little bit of the goop into the cup. She then covered it with a cap and took a second cup. The red headed nurse proceeded to massage Adriana's right breast coaxing a small trickle of white liquid out of the nipple. The thick glop oozed past her areola and into the cup. After the sample was taken she cleaned Adriana up and took off her gloves.

"I'd like to get one more sample," Dr. Lewis said picking up a scalpel.

"Very well doctor."

Dr. Lewis held the flap of old skin in one hand and sliced a sliver with the other. When it was free, he put the piece into a third cup. Cassandra took the cup and put it in the tray.

"I'll bring these down to the lab for analysis."

"Thank you Cassandra."

The doctor turned back to the Adriana. He had a serious look on his face.

"There was one more thing the scan picked up," Dr. Lewis said.

"What?" Adriana asked.

"I don't know. It seems like you have extra muscles in your groin. Muscles that shouldn't be there. I'd like to take a closer look."

"Okay."

The doctor pushed another button on the side of the chair. A panel near Adriana's feat opened up and a metal device came out. 

"Now if you'd open your legs a little we can begin."

Adriana did as she was told. Using a joystick, Dr Lewis moved the device down between her legs. The icy cold metal of the device sent chills through her body. She felt it creep further up into her. For some reason it felt good. Waves of arousal started flowing from her crotch into her body. An orgasm erupted as the device pushed deeper.

Dr. Lewis's expression turned to puzzlement when he saw a ring of flesh push up deeper inside of her. As the device got closer another orgasm came and tiny white points poked out through holes in the vaginal walls. He moved the device back. Another orgasm and the points darted in and out.

"Holy shit!" Dr. Lewis cried. "What the hell was that?"

The doctor used the control pad to pull device further out but another orgasm hit. Adriana's eye fluttered. She threw her head back and let out an ecstatic moan. A metallic crunch could be heard deep inside. The doctor pulled the rest of the machine out. Wires and pieces of electronics drooped out of a huge bite taken out of the rod. 

Dr. Lewis went down and bent over to get a closer look. He moved the lamp and spread the flaps of skin that was her labia open. A few minutes later, Adriana's vagina expelled the pieces that were bitten off. The doctor had a puzzled look on his face mixed with a little fear.

"What's wrong?" Adriana asked.

"I...uh..." Dr. Lewis backed away. "Well. We have the samples. We'll run some more tests and get back to you. It doesn't seem contagious and probably isn't deadly so I don't think there is any need to keep you here. In the meantime I...uh...might recommend you...ahem...don't have sex. I'll have Cassandra bring in your clothes when she's finished with her task. Just sit tight and she'll be along shortly."

Dr. Lewis walked out of the room. Adriana sat in the chair waiting in the revealing paper gown. A few moments later Cassandra walked through the door. Her eyes narrowed as she handed the officer her uniform.

"You didn't take your skin off," Cassandra said blocking Adriana in. "Why?"

"what!?" Adriana replied. she stood up from the examination chair.

"You heard me. You didn't take your skin off. why don't you fully accept what you've become?"

"What? You know what's happening to me?"

Cassandra's ruby lips curled up into an evil smile.

"I know lots of things."

"What do you know about the murders? Why did this happen?"

"Murders? Ha! They deserved to die. Every one of them. Its called evolution."

The redheaded woman moved closer to Adriana. She unbuttoned the top of her scrubs. Her bare breasts hung there like ripened fruit from a petite tree. She gestured to her juicy orbs.

"Look at these gifts I've been given. Look at this body. We are the next step in human evolution. Don't you see? I can't completely explain it yet but we are part of something bigger and better. Don't you want that? Don't you want to be part of something amazing and beautiful?"

The redheaded woman's breasts pressed against Adriana back as she moved her hands across Latina's tanned skin. The paper gown opened and fell to the floor. Adriana pulled away.

"No!" she said. "You're a monster!"

"Silly child," Cassandra said. She grabbed the female officer's shoulders. "Hold still and You'll understand."

The redhead leaned in. Lips parted. Something that looked like a second tongue poked out. Adriana shook her head turning her face away from the woman's kiss. They moved backward and fell against the wall of the closet. Cassandra's lips met Adriana's and the slimy proboscis pushed its way in. Sweet mucousy liquid flowed into her mouth and down her throat.

In an instant Adriana's brain exploded with all kinds of information as if someone downloaded an enormous file directly into her brain. She saw Mike having sex multiple times first with Stacy then with Cassandra and another woman named Lynn. She saw the embryo being implanted inside his body and the way Cassandra and Lynn were both turned. She found out about Jane and the drink she gave her. Everything they knew she knew.

Adriana wrestled Cassandra to the ground and pulled herself away. The she grabbed her clothes and rushed out of the room.

"You can't stop it!" Cassandra called after her. "Its spreading and there's nothing you can do!"

Adriana ducked into the bathroom and got dressed. Then she rushed to the front desk and checked out.

####

That afternoon Dr. Lewis sat at his desk looking at some reports on his computer. A knock came at the door.

"Come in," the doctor said.

when the door opened Cassandra stepped in. She leaned against the side of the doorway grinning at him. The top buttons on her scrubs were undone revealing her perfect cleavage.

"Hey," she said walking in. "I finished the paper work for those samples." She slid her rounded butt onto the desk next to the doctor and walked her fingers up to his crotch. "I thought we could maybe continue where we left off this morning. I've developed quite an apetite."

"Umm... Well. I have a lot of work to do right now."

The red headed woman pouted.

"I'm sure you can take a little time out of your busy schedule for me."

Dr. Lewis looked at the nurse. Her cleavage rose and fell with every breath she took tempting him. He reached down in response to her advances. She smiled as she unzipped his pants. Then she pulled his underwear down. The doctor's penis popped out ready and waiting for her juicy sex.

"I see you're ready for me," Cassandra said running her tongue up and down his shaft.

The man closed his eyes as what he thought was her mouth slipped down and around the fleshy rod.

"Oh wow," Dr. Lewis said. "Yes. Suck me dry."

"I'll do better than that baby."

Cassandra's proboscis-like tube moved in and out as it pulsated and sucked every last drop of the man's seed. He grunted and moaned as spasms ripped through his body. He bucked up and down bouncing his buttocks on his chair while the red headed nurse continued to suck. Hours passed and she kept drawing in seed. The doctor became drenched in sweat. He opened his eyes and looked down.

"Please no more," He said panting.

Cassandra looked up. Dr. Lewis could see it. A long fleshy tube coming out of her mouth. A painful jolt came from the base of his penis as another mess of sperm flowed up the tube. She pulled it back and lifted her head grinning as it disappeared between her ruby lips. She wiped off the leftover seed that dribbled onto her cheek as she pulled the tube back in.

A look of terror crossed Dr. Lewis's face. He tried to get up from the chair but he was too weak from the ordeal. He pushed himself back on the chair.

"I...I don't know what you are but get away from me."

Cassandra just grinned ad climbed onto the man's lap. She impaled herself on him. Then moved up and down over the man bouncing in perfect rhythm.

"It doesn't matter what you think I am. Or what you think I've become. All that matters is the propagation and survival of my kind."

Dr. Lewis screamed as another shot of his seed erupted into her. Cassandra threw her head back moaning, groaning and grunting with pleasure. She muffled her victim's screams with her hands letting out a maniacal laugh as she continued to ride him.

"Oh yes!" she screamed. "Oh yes, yes YES!"

The redhead looked down at him. Her lustful grin became a crazed expression.

"Now for my surprise!" she screeched.

Dr. Lewis tensed up. His grip pressed into the nurse's thighs. He let out a excruciating moan while a jolt like knives pressed against the base of his penis. The lingered afterwards with every thrust of her body. To make things worse for him Cassandra pushed the slimy proboscis-like flesh tube down his throat. within the next few minutes he lost consciousness. Soon, after finishing his insides up and eating some of the flesh off his bones, Cassandra got off the corpse and buttoned her scrubs back up.