 Data-log entry number 01:

Group of patients came in a couple nights ago. All of them male. Ages 21 to around 49. All of them in unconscious. They also seem to have been stricken with serious cases of priapism. For some reason the bodies emit strange and pungent pheromones effecting some of the female members of the staff as well. Patients were moved into isolation rooms and female members were put into observation. Only one woman seems unaffected by the pheromones. A nurse named Ashanti. She stayed on to help with the tests. Scans of patients' bodies revealed some type of parasitic growths in their stomach cavities. It is not known how they got there.

Data-log entry number 02:

Tried removing parasite from one of the host bodies. Despite precautions it proved fatal. The parasites seem completely connected to the host. They leave the host in an unconscious state in order to slowly drain them of nutrients. Currently all that can be done is observe the others. Will run tests on the parasite already removed. Four more men brought into isolation showing the same symptoms.

Data-log entry number 03:

The genetics lab results came in. Strangely enough they all come back human. More than that, the parasite is female. Genetics tested and took new samples many times in order to correct for error. Each test came back with the same results: human female. All chromosomes were accounted for including XX chromosomes. All of them human. Genetics also found strange sequences on both sex chromosomes. It seems that there are a number of tiny mutations throughout both. Each time a chromosome is replicated in the cell, through mitosis, more mutations come about.

Data-log entry number 04:

Patients that have been here the longest have seen some substantial growth in parasites. One of the APF officers has been admitted to the hospital. He's infected but barely conscious. Vomiting up some kind of mucous. Tried to get his story. He keeps mumbling incoherently to himself. We gave him a sedative. Ashanti has him under special observation. e think his body is trying to fight it.

# # # # 

Dr. Mendleson slouched over his work station. A metal tray with foam rubber lining lay in front of him. It had a strange segmented worm-like creature. It was pink with all kinds of blue and red veins running through it. He took a scalpel from the cart on next to him and held the creature down. The doctor leaned over to a microphone attached to a computer.

"Data-log entry 05," Mendleson spoke into the microphone. As he did words appeared on the screen of his tablet.

About to cut into the parasite extracted from the first patient. Oddly enough it seems to be able to survive outside of the host body. Current specimen has been given a mild sedative. The five appendage-like structures seem to be connective tubes the creature uses to feed off the host body."

The doctor sliced open the center of the creature lengthwise. Then he made a second incision across. After putting the scalpel back, he took the forceps and peeled the four sections back and secured each flap onto the dissection tray with pins. He pulled on some of the tubes and structures inside the worm-like creature.

"Parasite appears to have similar structures to a human fetus. The only difference seems to be the highly developed reproductive organs. A couple days ago I sent some samples to the genetics lab. What we might be looking at is an entirely new species of some kind."

At that moment the door opened. A nurse stepped in. Dr. Mendleson picked his head up from his work station. He never noticed before but there seems to have been a change in her appearance. Her exotic almond eyes seemed much wider and full of sexual vigor. When she walked in her full breasts wobbled back and forth and her hips swayed with the rhythm of her body. She looked like a tamil goddess. It was as if a statue from one of the ancient Hindu stupas came to life and walked into the office.

"Ashanti," Dr. Mendelson said. For a few moments he stared at the woman's heaving cleavage.

"Doctor..." the nurse replied.

"Oh right. How are the patients?"

"Still in critical condition. I also administered Mike a slight sedative. He seems to have calmed down."

"Good."

The Indian nurse came closer to the work station. She ran a finger up along the edge of the counter. Her tone changed to a teasing, sing-song voice.

"So," Ashanti said bending over to give the doctor a perfect view of her gigantic cleavage. "Why don't you take a little break?"

The woman sat on the desk next to the doctor. Her finger followed a path up the man's arm while the other undid the top button on her uniform.

"Oops," she said placing her hand over her mouth.

"Please," the doctor said. "Not now."

Ashanti pushed the specimen away and slid herself in front of the doctor.

"Come on," the woman said. She leaned in and groped the man's crotch, "You've been working so hard. You must be stressed. Let me relieve some of that tension for you."

Dr. Mendleson pulled away.

"I'm sorry," he said. "I'm doing very important work. I have to focus."

"Oh come now doctor," Ashanti replied. "I'm sure you can take just a short break."

The doctor looked at the exotic beauty in front of him, her body completely soaked with sweat.

"Well..."

The woman in front of him smiled. She opened her legs letting him brush his hands along her tan thighs. She put her hands on the top of her coat as he moved his up her curvaceous hips and torso.

"Oh yes," Ashanti whispered. She felt his left hand snake its way between her legs.

The nurse opened her scrubs popping each button out one by one. She felt him tug her underwear down over her thighs. They dropped to the floor exposing her glistening vagina. she opened her legs further.

"I want you to taste me," Ashanti whispered.

Dr. Mendleson leaned in licking the nurse's red nub and suckling the pink folds of her flesh. She gasped at the touch of the man's lips.

"Oh yes,"Ashanti said grasping the back of the man's head. "That's it."

At that moment a crash came from the hall outside. The doctor lifted his head.

"what was that?" He asked.

Ashanti tried to pull his face down.

"Don't worry about it," she told him. "keep going."

The doctor shrugged and moved his head down to her lap. A loud shriek of pleasure came from outside. Dr. Mendleson picked his head up and stood.

"I know I heard something."

Ashanti lunged at the doctor with a feral growl. Despite her seemingly top-heavy curvaceous body, she proved to be extremely agile.

"I said don't worry about it!" the Indian woman snarled. "Get back over here and fuck me!"

The doctor pushed the nurse to the ground and rushed to the door. He pressed a few buttons on the panel and it flew open. As soon as he was out the door closed. He slammed the "LOCK" button and the latched fell trapping the nurse inside. Through the window he could see the nurse screaming and scratching at the door. A long tube slipped out of her mouth. Mouth parts filled with sharp menacing teeth clicked on the glass trying to break through. Dr. Mendleson wretched at the sight

The voices and shrieks of ecstasy echoed through the halls. He followed the sounds to isolation. To his horror he saw a number of nurses clamoring for the penises of the unconscious males. Some were already on top riding the bodies. Others lay on the floor in their own liquids squirming and convulsing in euphoria with their hands between their legs splurting out juices and tearing at their flesh. A clicking noise came from the opposite direction in the hall as a red-headed nurse sashayed up to him.

"Ca-Ca-Cassandra?"

"Well hello doctor," the woman said with a toothy grin. "Your just in time for the birthing process."

"What?"

The woman gestured to the window.

"why don't you take a look?"

Dr. Mendleson looked through the window. The men lying in the beds twitched. Their mouths opened as a white foam poured out and dribbled over their cheeks. Their torsos pulsed. Then pushed upward. The women still riding them didn't seem to care. They just continued to work the bodies as pieces of flesh and bone strained and snapped open. airs of new, slender feminine hands emerged from the centers of each corpse feeling around their new surroundings. They pushed up as fully-formed women. As soon as they climbed out of their male hosts, they played with the women beginning a bizarre lesbian orgy.

"Isn't it beautiful?" Cassandra said.

The doctor turned toward the red-head. She fiddled with the buttons on her scrubs stepping closer. When sides of her top were open wide enough she groped herself; massaging her engorged nipples. She exposed herself to the doctor. He backed away.

"what's the matter?" the red-head asked pushing her breasts out. The two perfect orbs heaved with every breath the nurse took. "Don't you like them doctor? I want you to touch them."

Dr. Mendleson pulled away. He watched as she ran her hands up and down over the two fleshy orbs. Her nipples hardened into tiny pink bullets pointing to the doctor. Enticing him to place his hands over them and get lost in the soft sensation of her skin.

Cassandra pushed her chest forward. She swayed her gorgeous chest at him as she ran her hands all over her body.

"Come on doctor," the red headed nurse said with a grin. "They're waiting."

By now the orgy between the nurses, the new women and the dead patient's empty corpses transformed into a group masturbation party. Women were everywhere writhing in pleasure and ecstasy while they plunged into their bodies bringing up loud gushy screams and moans. They twitched and convulsed as waves of orgasm ripped into them.

Cassandra's hands found their way to her sex. She rubbed and groped and dove into her own womanhood attacking it with such ferocity that her own moans echoed throughout the halls.

"FUCK ME! I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME SO HARD!"

Dr. Mendleson continued to back away. He took out a tiny device continuing to back away from the woman. He bumped against the wall. Cassandra grasped the man's wrists causing the device to fall from his hand. She climbed on top of him.

"TOUCH THEM!" she demanded bringing his hands to her pulsating orbs. "TOUCH THEM NOW!"

The way she spoke startled him. Her screeching words grated on his ears as she shoved her chest into his face. Then a gurgling growl came from deep within and an intense orgasm caused her vagina to erupt in liquid passion.

"OOOOH YEEESSSS!" the red headed nurse screamed. "AAAAAAAH!"

With her last orgasm her breasts split open like two obscene flowers in bloom. Lining the edges of each fleshy petal were rows of jagged teeth that disappeared into the pink central gullets. Rolling out from the middle were three, red, tentacle-like tongues the wriggled at the man cowering on the floor. They dripped with a whitish creamy mucous salivating and foaming all over the man's fingers.

Cassandra pinned the man down. Finished and composed once again she shot him an evil smile. All six tentacles lashed out wrapping around the man's arms holding them in place.

"I'm going to enjoy this," the red-headed woman said.

Like two Venus fly traps both breasts closed around the doctor. A loud scream escaped the man's mouth drowning out Cassandra's wild laughter and sounds of tearing ligaments, bones and flesh. Blood exploded into the woman's body as she drank heavily. Dr. Mendelson's eyes drifted closed. The nurse used the tongue-like tentacles to plug up the wounds.

"I'm not going to kill you yet," she said ripping off her victim's lab coat and shirt. "I'm not done with you."

The tongues slipped out from between the fleshy petals of the nurse's open breasts. They snaked their way down and massaged the doctor's bare chest.

"Mmmm," Cassandra said, "You taste so good."

Still holding his wounds, the red-head stood up and unbuttoned his pants. With a little fiddling she managed to pull out the doctor's penis. Then she let her pants and underwear drop around her ankles. Holding the man's semi erection, she impaled herself. It was slightly limp but hard enough to be guided between her folds.

"Oh yes," the nurse said. She smiled and closed her eyes. "That feels so good." 

Cassandra picked herself up slid down the doctor's penis starting slow at first then speeding up as she felt him become hard. She continued to ride him faster and faster until a spurt of semen flowed up into her. Her orgasms pulsated around the unconscious man's penis drinking in all of his white hot liquid. The color left the doctor's face as the leftover blood flowed to his arousal.

The nurse opened her mouth. The long fleshy tube slipped out a foot from her face. The mouth part at the end of it gurgled with anticipation and hunger as they opened revealing its tiny razor sharp teeth. Cassandra looked down at the weakened man. Then, leveraging herself and leaning forward she dove down into him.

A shot was fired. Cassandra looked down at her side noticing blood pouring from a wound. She pulled her proboscis-like tube into her mouth and turned toward the source of the gunshot. Mike staggered toward the copulating nurse and her victim with his gun drawn.

Cassandra drew her tongues in and closed her breasts. She opened her mouth. With a loud screech and the agility of a wild animal she lept toward the officer. Her tube out baring its teeth. The nurse pounced on the man wrestling the gun from his hand.

"We should have killed you when we had the chance," she hissed. "Fuck the new life."

Cassandra pinned Mike to the ground. She straddled him feeling his erection under his paper gown. Her wound closed up and the bullet slid out of its hole. She moved over him riding him and massaging his body.

"I'm not going to make the same mistake again." 

Cassandra's statuesque body slapped against the officer milking him with a great amount of force. Mike struggled to push her off as load upon load of seed entered into her. Cassandra's heavy breasts opened up and her tongues lashed out at him. They wrapped around his arms and started to pull in opposite directions.

Mike could feel his bones start to crack as the tongues continued to stretch. He could feel his body slowly giving way to the woman's power and the developing parasite inside. With every bit of seed that entered into the red-head he became weaker. Something deep inside of him hardened and the strange sweet mucous that plagued him became thicker and frothy. All he could do was gurgle a scream as his ligaments and muscles gave way splitting his body like a human bean pod.

Cassandra took the pieces of the man's upper torso into her body with her tongues leaving a strange white egg-like chrysalis attached to two legs on the floor.