 Tina slowly awoke, gradually becoming aware of the familiar, comforting surroundings of her bedroom. It was pitch black and very warm, with her two friends squashed onto the bed beside her. She switched on the bedside light as turned over and gently shook Nancy's shoulder. 

 She watched through bleary eyes as her two friends yawned and stretched.

 "We did it! You're so brave," she said, rolling over to embrace Nancy.

 "What? Tina? Are you okay?" her friend said sleepily.

 "Never better, we're all okay! We made it!"

 Nancy shook Glen, and he joined their embrace, the three friends congratulating each other as the feelings of victorious relief swept through them. Tina gradually rolled away, smiling as Nancy and Glen's embraces became more intimate as they kissed. She swung her feet off the end of the bed, and hunted under the bed for her trainers.

 "Hey, I think I'm going to head over to Rod's, he's quite a night owl," she said, slipping them on.

 "Oh! Of course, I should be getting back too," Nancy said, breaking free from Glen's arms.

 "No, that's fine, why don't you guys stay here tonight?"

 "Oh, that's kind, but we couldn't, could we Glen?" Nancy said turning to her boyfriend. He shrugged his shoulders.

 "No, I'm serious, you should stay," Tina insisted.

 "Are you sure?" Nancy replied.

 "Of course, my parents aren't back till Monday. I'll stay at Rod's tonight. I can come back for breakfast and a change of clothes in the morning."

 "Gee, Tina, that's too kind, really."

 "Nonsense, you two deserve a little quiet time to yourselves after what you've been through."

 "Thanks, Tina, this mean a lot to us," Glen said, unable to stop smiling at the thought of finally having some time alone with Nancy.

 "No problem, have fun kids!" Tina said.

 ---

 Nancy got out of bed and pulled the curtains aside. She watched her friend pull on a denim jacket as she skipped down the drive, then turn right onto the street. She still felt jumpy after the night's events, and watched until Tina disappeared around the corner towards Rod's house. She sighed happily as she felt Glen's arms circling her waist, sinking back into the comforting warmth of his body.

 "Alone at last," he said as his lips brushed her neck. "Why don't you come back to bed?"

 "Would you mind if I took a shower first? I know it was only a dream but I can't helping feeling a little grubby after having that creep's hands all over me," she said.

 "But we've waited so long," he complained.

 "Please, Glen, just another twenty minutes. Why don't we shower together?"

 ---

 The bathroom was quite large and fitted with a modern avocado suite with matching tiles. Nancy brushed her teeth with the spare toothbrush that she kept there, as she watched Glen undress. It felt good to get rid of the horrible bitter taste in her mouth, and she felt a growing sense of excitement as she watched her boyfriend strip, seeing him fully naked for the first time. He had a lovely trim body, his muscles firm and toned from all the football practice. She let her eyes roam over his nakedness as he turned the shower on, noting his taut thighs, and the lean contours of his chest. 

 His semi-erect cock swung thickly between his legs as he moved, and she felt a flutter of half-fear, half-excitement as she wondered how much bigger he'd be when fully aroused. When her eyes travelled up over his body, she saw he was smiling, the challenge in his eyes clear: "well I'm naked what about you?"

 As the shower ran, the atmosphere quickly became warm and steamy as she quickly kicked off her shoes and wriggled her tight jeans over her hips, leaning against the sink as she pulled them off her legs. She felt herself blushing, aware of his intense gaze as she pulled her t-shirt up over her head and slid her bra down over her slender arms, glancing up and watching his hungry eyes devouring her bare breasts. She hooked her thumbs beneath the waistband of her pink panties and quickly slipped them off and, suddenly, they were both naked together for the first time.

 She paused, a hand shyly covering the triangular thatch of hair between her thighs, unsure of herself, until he held out his hand and they stepped into the shower together.

 ---

 The water was lovely and warm, and Nancy closed her eyes, letting it wash over her, sweeping her long hair from her forehead. When she opened them, Glen was rubbing a thick bar of soap, working a thick lather of white suds between his hands which he began to spread over her bare skin. He rubbed the soapy lather to her arms, her shoulders, her stomach. She smiled, enjoying the feel of his firm hands massaging her, savouring the new sensations as he washed away the dark, smokiness that clung to her.

 He grasped her shoulders and gently twisted her around to face the tiled wall, and soon she felt his strong fingers massaging her shoulders and rubbing her back. She moaned as she felt them slide lower, squeezing her soft buttocks. She felt his hard body pressing against hers as his hands explored the soft contours of her body, cupping her breasts as his masculine lips kissed her neck.

 "Oh Glen!" she gasped as his soapy hands caressed her boobs and his slippery fingers plucked at her tight little nipples until she shivered with hot pleasure.

 She reached out to steady herself, the green tiles cool beneath her palm, her legs feeling a little shaky as he moved a hand lower, massaging the soaking wet thatch of dark curls between her thighs till it was frothy and white with suds.

 "Mmm, that's so good," she moaned, leaning back into the warmth of his firm body and feeling his naked cock pressing urgently against her bottom as he caressed her.

 She closed her eyes, and savoured the lovely warm sensations as the water streamed over her and Glen's hand patiently fondled her pussy whilst the other squeezed her swollen boobs, the combination of sensations lighting a fire deep within her.

 "Oh Glen, it's so good but just a little more like this," she moaned, clasping his hand and showing him exactly what she wanted.

 "Like this?" he whispered, his lips brushing her ear as he began to rhythmically stroke her wet folds in tight little circles.

 "Oh God, Glen, yes, just keep doing that, " Nancy gasped, closing her eyes and tipping her head back, the warm water streaming over her face. She moaned as her boyfriend patiently stroked her as she plucked with her nipples with soapy fingers.

 "You're so hot," he whispered, his lips kissing her neck as his fingers did wonderful things to her body.

 "It's feels so good, don't stop," she panted as she felt her muscles burn, her body tense, the pressure building as she encouraged him to stroke her a little faster.

 "Yes, don't stop," she groaned as she rolled one of her hard nipples between a thumb and forefinger as she felt her orgasm fast approaching.

 "Just a little faster, yes! Just a little more," she squealed, her eyes squeezed shut, thigh muscles burning as she felt it coming.

 "Yes! Yes!" she cried as it tore through her, feeling Glen's thick arms around her waist, supporting her weight as she came and her legs turned to jelly, her hot sobs of pleasure echoing off the walls. 

 ---

 "That was wonderful," she sighed as she wrapped her arms around his neck and drew him into a long, sensual kiss as the water continued to splash over their naked bodies. As she squeezed him tightly, she could feel the hardness of his cock pressing against her stomach, eager for attention.

 "Now, it's your turn," she said, grinning as she grabbed the soap.

 She rubbed the soapy lather over his body, loving the feel of his lean, muscular hardness and the contrast of his roughly masculine skin. 

 She soaped his chest, running her fingers over the solid firmness then worked lower. He closed his eyes, a hand grasping her shoulder to steady himself as she washed his stomach, her fingers making him gasp as they brushed against his semi-hard cock. She took her time, caressing every inch of his skin, loving the feel of his lean firmness but also impatient to explore the growing hardness between his legs.

 She ran her soapy fingers slowly along his shaft, hearing him groan and feeling a flush of warmth between her legs as his shaft thickened and grew. She'd often felt his hardness through his jeans and now, for the first time, she watched with growing arousal as the lightest touch of her fingers caused it to thicken and pulse as Glen grunted feverishly, as if in pain.

 "God, Nancy, that feels so good, you're making me so hot," he gasped as she wrapped her slender fingers around the rock hard column of flesh and slowly eased the smooth sheath of skin down over the swollen purple head of his cock. She felt him shudder as she began to smoothly slide her soapy fingers up and down his throbbing shaft.

 He moaned loudly, gripping her shoulder a little more tightly as she stroked him a little faster, gripped him a little firmer, wanting to please him as he had pleased her.

 Suddenly though, he grasped her wrist making her stop.

 "What's the matter? Aren't I doing it right?" she asked, looking up at his face.

 "No, it's great, too good. It's just that I don't want to cum just yet," he explained, taking her hand and pulling her out of the shower.

 ---

 Nancy lay back on the bed, running a hand through her damp, tousled hair, unable to take her eyes of his thick, swaying cock as she watched Glen vigorously dry his hair then throw the towel aside.

 "Ha! I knew she'd have one!" Glen said as he pulled a little silver wrapper from Tina's bedside table. Nancy watched as he tore it open with his teeth to reveal a condom.

 "So this is it! It's finally going to happen," she thought with a mixture of fear and excitement, her heart pounding as he rolled a condom along the full length of his shaft and climbed onto the bed beside her.

 "Gosh, you're so big!" she gasped, biting her lip as he rolled on top of her taking his weight on one elbow as she wrapped her arms around her neck. She pulled his face towards hers and they shared a long, sensual kiss.

 "Don't worry, we'll take it slow," he said, giving her a reassuring grin as their lips parted.

 She spread her legs a little and they both watched as he slowly rubbed the swollen, glistening head of his cock up and down along her slit, her pussy lips already moist with anticipation.

 "Are you ready?" he asked.

 She nodded, biting her lip, and then gasped as he eased himself inside a little, her pussy lips stretching to accommodate his bulbous head as her hands clutched tightly at the bed sheets.

 "Alright?" he said, using all his self-control to pause.

 "Yes, take it slow," she said breathlessly. It hurt a little, but it felt good too. She wanted to feel him inside her, feel all of him inside her. She wanted him to make her feel like a woman.

 A deep, longing sigh escaped her plump lips as he slowly eased another inch of his hard shaft into her tight, virginal pussy.

 "That's it, I'm no longer a virgin," she thought happily, wrapping her legs around his thighs as he began to move back and forth inside her, his rock hard cock probing her soft, wet depths. Of course, she'd used her fingers to explore herself before, but this was different and she sighed happily as his thick prick filled her.

 "Oh God, I've waited for so long, you feel so good," he grunted, savouring the silky clasp of her pussy as his buttocks began to bob up and down.

 "Yes, yes, it feel so good," she panted, sliding a hand over the firm muscles of his back, and squeezing the tight globes of his buttocks as she felt his hot breath on her neck.

 Nancy moaned happily, savouring the feel of his hot, hard body grinding against hers. It really did feel so good, so right, and now she knew why Tina was so enthusiastic about sex and wondered why she had waited so long. 

 "Oh, it feels so good, don't stop," she urged as he moved deep within her, fucking her with long, fluid strokes, using his full length now. 

 "You're so lovely and tight," he gasped, wanting to make it go on forever but already feeling himself begin to peak as her pussy rippled and caressed his molten cock.

 He began to move faster and faster, his breath coming in ragged gasps as his climax approached rapidly.

 "That's it, harder, I want to feel you cum inside me," Nancy cried, wrapping her arms and legs around him as their hot, sweaty bodies slapped together and the bedsprings creaked noisily.

 "Oh, oh, yes!" he cried, as with a final series of staccato thrusts he climaxed, all the tense sexual frustrations of the last two years swept away in one sublime moment of pure pleasure.

 ---

 Nancy smiled to herself as they lay in bed, naked. If she was a cat she'd be purring contentedly. She was curled up on her side, Glen's warm body pressed against her back and thighs, his thick arm around her stomach. After he'd come, they'd made love again, Nancy quickly coaxing his eager young cock back to full hardness. He'd shown her how to roll a fresh condom onto his upright cock before rolling between her inviting thighs.

 This time he'd lasted longer, a look of intense concentration on his face as he just about delayed his climax long enough so that they both came together, their voices a chorus of ecstacy.

 Now exhausted and spent, they lay together in the quiet darkness of Tina's bedroom. She felt a little sore between her legs, but elsewhere her body was suffused with a lovely warm feeling of deep satisfaction. She listened to his breathing become slow and steady as he fell asleep. Nancy felt herself begin to drift off too and for the first time in years, she felt sure that she'd have no dreams at all, no nightmares, just a deep, restful, healing sleep.