 Orange lines seeped through the plastic blinds. They outlined Adriana's naked form. Leveraging herself over the man she picked up from a nearby bar she rocked back and forth moaning and letting out grunts of passion. He was almost ready. She could sense it.

"Oh Adriana! Adriana!" the man under her said. "Don't stop! Don't stop." 

Adriana had no intention to stop. Her body craved him now. Fearing what she could do she starved herself by swearing off sex. It was a noble effort but the hunger became too strong. She needed to feel the rush of someone's seed deep within her. She wanted to drink in the satisfying gush of the man's savory blood and to hear the crunch of his bones deep inside her. Her instincts took over.

"Oh yes!" the officer moaned. Her full, firm breasts bounced and flopped back and forth as she rocked over the man's body, "Oh yes! yes! YES! OH GOD YES!"

Her body fell into violent spasms as the man's seed exploded into her. The long teeth that lined her vaginal walls grow outward. They lightly scraped against the man's shaft.

"Oh Adriana," the man replied underneath, "That feels so good. Please don't stop."

Officer Ruiz knew what was happening and rolled off the man before anything else could happen. Slimy and wet with come and other bodily juices she rushed into the bathroom leaving the man panting and sweating in bed. Semen alone was only a temporary fix. According to Cassandra's ingested knowledge she would need gallons of semen to sustain her or the bodies of one or two men. She also knew she didn't have the time for the amount of sex needed to sustain her. Sooner or later she'll need to actually consume flesh; male flesh.

Adriana plopped down on the toilet cover exhausted and still weak from hunger. With an elbow on the counter next to her she leaned her head against her hand. There came a knock on the door.

"Adriana honey?" it was the man's voice. "You alright in there?"

"I'm fine," she called. "You can go."

"I was hoping for, you know, another round."

"GO!" the woman screeched.

"Okay, okay."

A few moments later the door to the hotel room opened and shut. Adriana opened the bathroom. She looked around in the dim orange light and walked over to the window. She picked up one of the plastic blinds and looked out across the city. A small sliver of red peered over the mountains in the east giving the perpetual haze that covered the city a deep orange hue. Some of the thicker parts of the smog layer settled over the enormous domes, ridges and other buildings that populated the center of Zenith. They looked ominous in the polluted early morning sky. Adriana sighed and looked at the holographic clock on the automated bus stop outside.

Thai should be here soon, she thought to herself. 

Adriana left the window and gathered her clothes. Then she slinked back into the bathroom and turnd the light on. Officer Ruiz looked at herself in the mirror. She ran her hands across her perfectly plump breasts and moved down to her flattened washboard stomach. Being an officer of the American Police Force she took care of herself every day but this was different. In the past couple days her body transformed for the sole purpose of attracting and eating men.

It was a terrible dilemma. APF officers swore to uphold the law and protect the country from anyone deemed an internal enemy of the state. Terrorist cells, rogue androids, clone uprisings, genetically engineered monsters, nano-tech swarms even common criminals. Anyone that would hurt the country as a whole or a portion of the country would have to be captured and detained. Her new body and instincts went against that. It went against everything she was taught in the academy and all the reasons she joined the force. 

It was bad enough she went AWOL on her department for the third time. Adriana assumed that the hospital Mike checked into would run his ID and report to the Zenith Central Command but, from their standpoint she just went her own way. Chief Nicole put her on probation last month when she did this trying to apprehend the blob of HeLa cells that escaped one of the labs in the medical district. Long story short there were millions of dollars in damage and three people contracted cancer. Without a good reason that could be grounds for immediate dismissal. 

Adriana checked her phone. Forty-two messages from Chief Nicole and ten voice-mails. She knew she had to have been in trouble by now. At that moment she heard a car pull up in the parking lot outside. After slapping on her clothes she rushed out.

The Asian woman hopped out of her vintage '99 convertible and approached the officer.

"Tell me," Thai demanded. "What the fuck is going on? Are we being invaded?"

"No," Adriana said shaking her head, "Not quite."

"Did someone release some kind of genetically altered virus or something?"

"No. I don't have all of the information but I can tell you everything I do know."

"Then tell me."

"This is very important," Adriana said straight faced. She looked into Thai's exotic eyes. "What you saw last night was completely biological. They have sex with and use their bodies to eat men. I don't completely know what they are but they have the ability to turn others into creatures like them. Cassandra said they were some kind of new step in human evolution."

"You spoke to Cassandra?"

"More or less. She passed her information into me."

"How?"

Adriana sighed. Then she picked her head up opening her mouth. Thai watched in horror as a long tube slipped passed her teeth into the warm open air of the morning. Blue and red veins and arteries ran up and down the slime-covered tube. The tip of it split and folded open into a small star-shaped mouth piece lined with rows of teeth. Glops of white mucus flowed out and plopped onto the aged concrete. Adriana pulled the tube back into her body. Thai stepped toward her car.

"You're one of them! That was what I saw last night coming out of Jane. "

"Yes. Unlike regular women we seem produce an unlimited supply of eggs. They are used to communicate or convert others. There's so much inside their bodies that its redirected from the ovaries to the breasts for storing excess eggs. Everything about the individual up to the time they transfer or exchange, memories, knowledge, DNA and whatever else they want to pass to others is contained within each egg. It constantly changes as they gain new material."

"Then that orgy I saw..."

"If I had to guess Jane is trying to build a hive and keep it together." 

Adriana doubled over grunting in pain. Thai stepped forward but the officer stopped her.

"I've been avoiding sex as much as possible and haven't gone back to the Red Lounge. I feel completely lonely and hungry. I'm guessing, if someone spends too much time away from the source group, their bodies change and they become a separate individual ready to start a hive of her own. My prolonged lack of nourishment from sex has caused my body to do something else. I don't know what it is but it hurts."

"What can I do?"

Adriana fell to her knees. She slipped out of her shirt and looked back at the Asian bartender. The tube slipped out of her mouth again and the mouth-parts opened and closed pointing toward the Asian woman's crotch.

"Run," she gurgled with the slimy proboscis. "Run before I do something I regret. I don't think I can hold out any longer. Find Mike or get to Zenith Central Command. Tell them everything I told you." A sudden jolt of physical and sexual hunger struck her body. She bent over looking as if someone kicked her in the gut. "Ugh! Its happening!"

The officer sat up and arched her back pushing out her chest. Her shirt fell to the ground revealing her two breasts. Both of the plump and tan hemispheres split and folded open like horrific fleshy flowers in bloom. The flaps of bob flesh were lined with razor-sharp teeth. Her new throat cavity moved around anticipating something. A white slime oozed off her teeth and over her stomach. Tongues flung about flapping wildly around. She stood up and relieved herself of the prison that was her pants. Finally free, her dripping vagina growled as teeth pushed up around her vaginal walls. A second tube snaked its way out between the vaginal teeth and opened its mouth parts.

"Hurry!" the creature that was once Officer Ruiz growled. "No time."

The Adriana-creature made horrible and unearthly sounds as she stepped forward. The tongues coming out of her open breasts flung themselves around whipping the air. The two mouth parts from her tubes opened and closed spewing white glop all over her chest. Thai kept backing toward her car horrified at the officer's transformation. She hopped in but before she could do anything one of Adriana's tongues grabbed her wrist.

Thai pulled away with all her might but Adriana-creature was too strong. Two more tongues grabbed her other wrist and attempted to drag the Asian bartender toward her. The free tongues and arms tried penetrated into her pants. Thai reached over the passenger's side for the handle of the glove box with all her might managing to free her right arm from the creature. As soon as she pulled the handle the box opened and the small black gun rolled out. She grabbed it and turned it on with her teeth. Then, with her free hand she dove the prod into the creature giving it a jolt of electricity.

The creature let go of the bar tender, screeched and gurgled to the ground falling limp. Thai started the car and barreled out of the parking space and down the road toward the city.