 Hi folks. I really am sorry for the huge delay in the next installment of this series. I've had a whole lot of things happening in real life. From the move, finding a job and getting an apartment, it has been a bit hectic for me. I'm also trying to spend a little extra time on the stories (whenever I can get around to it) so that I can get a little more editing and proofreading in before submitting the final product. Depending on how things go I may or may not be able to get stories submitted on a monthly basis but I will try to get new chapters to you until I can figure out a clear path to the ending I want. In the meantime please enjoy the other chapters including this one. I'm very surprised with the amount of support that I have received for my writing. Including the few emails I have received. The likes, votes and even the emails are greatly appreciated. You are all awesome.

# # # #

Johnson and the rest of Squad Six entered the empty building. They stealthily moved through the main lobby past abandoned counters and overturned chairs. The lobby of Zenith Memorial Hospital seemed alien in its dark blue emptiness. Other than the hum of a few janitorial bots, the inner sanctum of the hospital was silent. The squad's plastic biosuits seemed to fit in well with the strange landscape that lay before them.

Squad Six crept past the information desk in the center of the lobby. Motion sensors around the desk detected the suited men and women coming through and a blue light from above the console activated. A distorted holographic image of a woman appeared behind the counter. Despite her human appearance, her actions and speech gave away the fact that she was just an automatic recording meant to provide information connected to the hospital's computer system. 

Ignoring the light show in human form, Johnson and his crew continued through the lobby. They reached the metal barrier blocking the entrance to the isolation wing. Johnson, Ellis and Ben used the chairs lined up against the wall in the nearby waiting area to create a makeshift wall to protect themselves from any entity that might attack them from beyond the barrier. Jeanine, Brandi and Erica crouched behind the overturned chairs ready to cover their team-mates if it came down to it. 

Johnson and his half opened the nozzles to their sprayers and loosened the valves on their tanks hanging over their backs. According to the briefing they received on the way over, an infestation of HeLa had taken over the entire area. They weren't completely sure how it got into this section of the hospital. Mutated strains of HeLa cells usually invade cellular research centers and hospitals' biomedical treatment labs. However the infestation reached isolation for some reason and Johnson and his team had a job to do. They knew the routine.

"We're in position," Johnson said into the com-link microphone built into his helmet.

"Roger that," a voice on the other side replied. "Remember, you only have enough of the anti-HeLa chemical to keep the biological agent at bay. This is not an extermination mission. Do not waste it. Just get in, retrieve any information you can find, rescue any survivors and get out. Do you understand?"

"Understood."

"Removing the barrier now. I will monitor your progress through cameras attached to the helmets of your biosuits."

With a pop and a hiss the metal door blocking the hospital's isolation wing slid open. A horrific sight greeted the members of Squad Six. Draped from the ceiling were long, sticky, undulating stalactites of pink slime. A strange white liquid dripped from the pulsating fleshy slimesicles forming a thick milky puddle on the floor. The globs of dripping slime didn't seem to notice the officers. Johnson quietly gave the signal to his colleagues. They quietly crept toward the door and stepped through the threshold into the abandoned wing. The boots of their biosuits squished and squelched in the strange white substance that covered the floor. A pungent and sweet odor seeped into the air filters of their suits while a small stirring of arousal grew deep inside each of them. The stirrings were only a minor inconvenience. Not strong enough to fully effect the mission. As soon as they entered the hall, the metal barrier slammed shut and the locking mechanisms clicked back into place separating the team from the outside world. Each squad member turned on the lights built into the top of their helmets so they could see through the darkness and navigate through the pulsating ooze.

"Lieutenant," Johnson said into the mic. "Things are worse than we thought in here."

"Affirmative," the lieutenant said. "That's the worst infestation of HeLa I've ever seen."

Johnson stretched an index finger toward a nearby mass of pink goo. It pinched up into a pseudo-finger toward the squad leader's glove covered hand. Gurgling, the tip of the tendril opened up. Teeth lined the four small slime flaps that folded open. A thin red tongue snaked its way out and split open into an even smaller mouth. Before it could make contact, Johnson moved his hand away and the tendril sank back into the slimy mass.

"This is strange," the squad leader said. "I have never seen HeLa do anything like that. Normally it's just a flat, continuously expanding membrane of cells with minimal movement. This stuff is more dynamic. It bunches up and moves changing with the environment."

Hot moist air hit the members of Squad Six like a strange artificial breath. They could feel it now. The sweet, musky scent of the air became stronger with every step deeper into the slime encrusted isolation wing. Now the balmy moist air seemed to penetrate protective coverings of the biosuits. The three women felt slight tingles between their legs as a trickle of their juices dribbled out. The men, likewise, felt their manhoods lengthen causing uncomfortable arousals in their tightening pants. After stopping to regain their composure, Johnson and his crew continued to move on. The undulating, pulsating slime moved, sucked and squelched over the walls and ceiling more vigorously making strange, slimy, sticky noises as if anticipating the much needed nutrients the men of the group held. Long strands of slime hanging down from the ceiling moved and snaked their way up and down along and around writhing pillars of pink glop dripping with more white liquid plopping onto the floor. Ellis took a bag out of one of the pockets of his suit. He held the bag open letting a few blobs of the white liquid ooze out and drip from a low-hanging stalactite into the bag. He sealed it as soon as the sample was inside.

Deeper into the cavernous hall Johnson and his team found sacs growing out of the slime encrusted walls. The slime sacs puffed up and ripped open. Then a second slime sac grew up in its place. Ellis crouched down near one of the sacs and watched it rise and expand until the pressure of the gas inside the thinning membrane caused the expanding slime to pop open. A puff of hot, wet air escaped from the deflating bubble. Information zipped across the inside of Ellis's visor as the biosuit analyzed everything about the gas that was expelled.

"The readings indicate a temperature just above 98.6 degrees," Ellis said. He opened his gloved hand and moved it toward a patch of slime he was examining. It bunched up in the middle and reached for his palm. "I don't think this is HeLa," he said "It doesn't move like HeLa. It seems more...intelligent." Ellis continued to look through the information coming through his visor "Mostly water vapor, a bit of carbon dioxide and a mixture of auxiliary steroids, vaginal aliphatic acids and a number of other sexual pheromones and hormones associated with female reproduction. Essentially this hallway has become a gigantic vagina." Ellis unzipped another pocket on his biosuit and pulled out a plastic sample bag and a small metal scoop. "Ben, help me get a couple of samples of this." he said.

Ben trudged through the muck and slime and crouched down in front of Ellis taking the metal sample spoon. He pushed the scoop into the gelatinous pink goop and attempted to scrape along the remnants of the popped bubble that grew from the wall. He dug into the mass and separated a large chunk from the main body. Ellis held the plastic bag open while Ben dropped the first sample in.

Ben looked down at the left over remnant. Another lump started poking up in the center. It pushed up through the ring just as slowly as the first. He watched the lump expand and stretch out. Thinking this might be a good opportunity for a second sample, Ben plunged the spoon into the growing mass. The lump fought with Ben this time. It tried to pull the scoop out of his hand as it continued to grow bigger. Then, when the lump was big enough, instead of popping, it ripped open revealing long, sharp teeth. It made weird and unearthly noises sounding almost like that of a distorted female voice. Before Ben could do anything, the creature plunged its teeth into his wrist surrounding his hand and punctured the protective plastic of the glove. Its teeth tore deeply into his flesh. Ben grimaced and screamed out in pain letting the sample spoon go. He tried tugging his arm away from the slime creature but its razor sharp teeth dug deeper into his arm. More of the slime bunched up around it and seeped into the puncture holes of the suit. Eventually a pleasant and sweet aroma flooded Ben's helmet causing all of the officer's muscles to relax. He felt a strange stirring between his legs. Within the protective plastic covering of the suit an erection immediately sprang to life. Any movement he made would cause his penis to erupt in sensual agony. He could feel the rush of semen flow out wetting his pants with every orgasm. The slime seemed to sense Ben's eruptions. It sent small tendrils from the hole in the arm of the suit to the officer's crotch. As soon as the slime reached is erection it surrounded it agitating it to continue its eruptions. He was too mellowed out to care about his expanding, exploding member by that point. Incapacitated, he fell back into the milky white liquid on the floor squirming and moaning. 

Ellis took Ben's arm and gave it a good tug trying to free the arm of the slime but it wouldn't budge. A second ring of teeth sprang from the edges of the slime's pseudo-mouth and plunged itself farther up along Ben's arm. Then a third and a fourth. Each time causing both pleasure and pain. Streams of blood darkened the pink mass with every new ring of teeth that formed and tore into the officer's suit as it inched itself up toward his shoulder. With every penetration the tendrils that the slime sent entered into the suit finding their way to Ben's continuously erupting crotch soaking in more of his semen.

A tentacle dropped from the mass of slime on the ceiling behind the officers. It snaked its way through the white goo and grabbed Ellis by the ankle. After throwing him back it ripped itself open revealing a second lamprey-like mouth. The mouth latched onto Ben's other arm tearing into his suit. Then a third tentacle dropped from the ceiling and ripped Ben's anti-HeLa pack off. The slime pinned the officer to the floor allowing two more tentacle-like pseudopods to grab him and penetrate.

Johnson and the rest of Squad Six rushed over to Ellis's aid spraying a thick mist of the chemicals all over the attacking slime creature. Ellis, only a little shaken from the surprise attack, got to his feet and picked up the nozzle to his anti-HeLa pack and used it to help fight off the gurgling, screaching creature. Despite the thick mist of chemicals in the air, there was no effect. Instead of shriveling up and dissolving like a normal mass of HeLa cells, it continued to make unearthly female screeches and gurgling noises as it extended more tentacles that split into more teeth laden mouths, tongues and even more tentacles. The appendages of the slimy pink abomination whipped around at the intruding officers trying to bite grab and absorb them.

"Lieutenant!" Johnson called into the com-link "The anti HeLa agent isn't working. Whatever this stuff is, it isn't HeLa. We are gonna need backup! Do you read?"

Static was the only thing that came through the com-link.

"Lieutenant?" Johnson desperately repeated, "Do you read?"

"Damn!" Johnson said turning his com-link off, "Lost the signal. Help won't be able to get through. We're on our own from here on out."

Johnson threw down his tank of anti-HeLa chemical. The other officers followed. Johnson took a knife that came standard issue from one of his side pockets and sliced at the mass of tentacles and teeth. He fought his way through to one of the tentacles wrapped around Ben and plunged the blade into the membranous blob trying to free his comrade's already dissolving appendage. The pink gelatinous mass just bled into the sliced openings and regenerated. Johnson stabbed the piece of slime again but a second mouth opened around the knife swallowing the weapon. It nearly took Johnson's hand but he released the knife before it could grab him. 

The rest of Squad Six took their knives out and followed their leader in helping to fight off the slime tentacles. Each time they sliced open a section of attacking slime or cut off a mouth the it would regenerate and split into new mouths or heads. Eventually the slime covered most of Ben's body. His face and helmet was still visible. Ben could feel the warm, pink goo invading his suit. It seeped deep into his clothes engulfing the rest of the lower portion of his body. The pleasurable undulating warmth of the invading slime already fully covered is penis and testicles and started deeply massaging everything invading holes and taking in everything he could produce. On the outside the slime bunched up and metamorphosed into a hideous mass of lumps, teeth and human-like eyes complete with lashes. The tentacles and other protrusions that surrounded Ben whipped around lashing out at his comrades as it slowly continued to feed.

"Get out of here!" Ben yelled over the commotion. His face contorted into a mixture of pleasure and pain as the pink mass pushed upward flooding the officer's biosuit. He could feel the gelatinous intruder suckling his erection skillfully drawing his sperm into it. As the slime finished working its way around his body a stinging sensation began to grow through the slime's orgasmic machinations.

"We're not leaving you!" Johnson called.

"You have to continue with the mission", Ben gurgled out "It's too late for me! I'm as good as gone! This thing is eating me alive!"

A thick mass of pink slime almost like a gigantic tree trunk reared up from behind the drooping monster and, making a loud gurgling growl, it split open and flung itself onto the fiberglass visor of Ben's helmet. Ben's body disappeared into the mass of slime thrashing and flailing around in the milky white glop on the floor. Then, with a loud crunch, the slime beast finally collapsed around him. Squad Six watched in horror as broken bones and pieces of the biosuit protruded through the attacking blob slowly dissolving as the beast consumed him.

Seeing no way to defeat the monster Johnson and his team ran further down the slime encrusted hallway. The pink mass hanging from the ceilings and along the walls started drooping and melting into gigantic human-sized lumps. Figures pushed out of the blobs as strange, new feminine forms emerged. Screeching and hollering, they chased after the remaining members of Squad Six deeper into the halls of the isolation wing.

After a while of running the remainder of Squad Six slowed down to make sure the creatures were a good distance away, Johnson and his colleagues looked around at the pulsating protoplasm lining the walls. For some reason started to thin out in this area letting the fluorescent lights shine through causing the area to be bathed in an erie pink glow. Intricate networks of vein-like structures ran throughout the slime growth rhythmically moving as if being directed by a singular gigantic beating heart. On the other end of the room the slime became thick once again to a point where it formed a dark circular tunnel. It expanded and contracted winking at the invading squad of officers like a strange, fleshy sphincter.

"What are we going to do?" Ellis asked. "This thing is all around us."

"Don't you think I don't know that?! We're sitting ducks in here. For all we know this stuff is directing us deeper into itself so we could be someone's dinner."

"Should we go further?"

Johnson touched the pulsating slime valve. Dripping wet with the same white ooze the slime produced, it opened and closed rhythmically with the pulsing veins of the room. From beyond the valve-like structure deep within the darkness they heard a loud, feminine grunt. The leader of Squad Six came closer to the valve in order to see if he could hear anything else coming from beyond. He could just barely make out the sounds of bodies slapping against each other. Faint, screaming, orgasmic cries pierced the dark tunnel and thick pink that separated the suited men and women from the next part of the isolation unit. 

"I don't think we have much of a choice," the leader of Squad Six finally said. "The other way is blocked. That's for sure. Whatever it was that came out of the slime back there will have it in for us. The slime itself could kill any one of us. The only way to go is through this blockage. Maybe up ahead we'll find some survivor or a way out of here."

Sensing the warm bodies of men and women, the structure shook and moved around the center of the hole. Then it bunched up into a long knobby protrusion. The four sections of the thing's tip folded open revealing long, sharp teeth. All of Squad Six stepped back. The slime creature let out a deep gurgling noise as another tentacle the thickness of a human arm emerged from the side of the knobby protrusion. It stretched toward Squad Six. The tip of the thick second tentacle bulged out a bit making it look strangely phallic. Pulsating blue and red veins randomly went along the enormous protrusion branching up around its pinkish tip.

The slime split into four pieces and four eyes appeared on each section, all of them a different color complete with long, feminine lashes. Folding open, the creature let out a loud screech as it reared up. Four long red tongues exploded out of the gaping, razor-toothed maw. The long, red tentacles violently lashed out at the men and women in the biosuits. Johnson and his team scrambled backward through the cavernous slime-encrusted chamber dodging the attacks as the thing reached for them. Finally they shielded themselves behind an overturned, stretcher.

"What do we do now?" Ellis called over the screeching, growling beast.

"Not sure," Johnson stated. "We can't sit here forever."

"Well," one of the female officers to the right of Johnson said as she pushed a few bullets into her X-P pistol that came standard issue for all APF officers. She waited for the little red LED light to turn green indicating that it was full. "If we can't beat it with the new stuff, we'll have to try the old fashioned way."

Johnson looked back at Ellis. "Brandi has a point." he said taking out his gun. He followed his female colleague filling the gun's cartridge.

The lashing tongues of the protrusion swept away the stretcher revealing the six officers crouched down with their weapons in hand pointing at the slimy beast. Holding their position, they fired at the creature. Slime splattered off the protrusion as bullets ripped through the pink mass. Parts regenerated into extra heads and continued the onslaught. 

"It keeps generating new heads," Ellis called after a a half hour of fighting. More and more tentacles built up with each impact of the bullets. Each of them having sectioned off mouths, teeth and tongues identical to its parent. Even the creatures' human-like eyes were near exact copies. "I don't know if we can hold out much longer! My gun is already in the red!"
