 The sound of a Robin singing outside of the window awoke Marcille the next morning. She blinked her eyes against the bright light in the room, someone had apparently pulled the curtains, and rolled over trying to get some more sleep by pulling the blanket over her head. 

As soon as her head was covered her feet were free to the air and they soon become cold. She sighed and opened her eyes blinking into the bright morning. At once she remembered where she was, her tiredness left her and she became curious. She rubbed her eyes and looked around the sparsely furnished room. 

The furniture was from the Louis the Sixteenth era of France. There was a large desk on the far side of the room from her in front of a large picture window. It had a veined marble top and a silver quill holder with matching ink well. 

There were also a few Queen Ann chairs set in certain areas of the room. They were all done in black and silver damask to match the walls and curtains of the room. 

Suddenly, she remembered the naked state she was in beneath the blanket. She wondered who had stripped her.

Was it Darien? She wondered, or just a servant. Even though she had been a Lady of the night for many years now, she still blushed at the idea of Darien seeing her naked. With this in mind, she took the blanket and wrapped it toga-style around her body covering as much as possible.

After she finished making sure that she was adequately covered she opened the door that lead into the hall and peeked outside. 

The sun was shining through the windows in the immense hall. The floor was a fine white marble, apparently from the same quarry where the desktop came from as it had the same fine veining almost making it appear like the floor had veins of black blood. 

She smiled as she closed the door to the sitting room she had been sleeping in and leaned over a nearby vase of red, white, and black roses.

That is a strange combination, she thought to herself, I wonder why he chose these colors. The hall she noted was long and wide enough for five people to walk abreast and not bump into the person next to him. There were more Queen Anne chairs dotting the hall. 

She silently closed the sitting room door and wandered down the hall inspecting a beautiful landscape painting that was hanging on the wall. 

Suddenly, while she was engrossed in the painting, someone tapped on her shoulder causing her to jump. She turned around with fear in her eyes wondering if she shouldn't be there, and saw an older man dressed as a valet. He had grey hair, ice blue eyes and was smiling at her.

"Good morning, Madame. I am Mars, the Lordship's valet. I did not mean to startle you, but I saw you standing there as I came down the hall. Was there something you required?"

She looked down at herself and blushed realizing how much of her legs were bare and she returned his smile, "Yes, if you don't mind, I would like some clothes." 

His eyebrow raised in question at her language. This did not sound like a London slum whore to him, but he responded, "I completely understand, Milady. Let me show you a guest room that was prepared for you while you were sleeping."

"I would enjoy that," she said as she followed him up the stairs to a beautifully furnished room. It was painted in a sky blue and the bed was fit for at least 3 people to lay comfortably side by side. She sat of the soft bed and tears came to her eyes. "What does your master want from me?"

He looked at her and understood her confusion, and wished he could assuage it, "Honestly, Milady, I do not know what he wishes in your regard. But I do know that he would not want you sitting around uncomfortable and wrapped in a blanket," He smiled gently, reminding her more of a grandfather than a valet, "Now I will call you a bath, and by the time you are done a clothier will be here to get you some new clothing."

She smiled nervous at the idea of being treated this way. She closed her eyes and let out a deep sigh as she rubbed her eyes wondering if this place, so like heaven, would disappear as in her dream. When she reopened her eyes Mars was gone but there was a wonderful tub in front of the fire which was being filled by other servants with hot water. 

Mars walked out of the room just as the others had come up the stairs with the lady's bath. He nodded his approval to them and walked to the study. He knocked lightly on the door and was answered with a gruff, "Entrez."

He walked in the study his eyes slowly adjusting to the light of the single candle on Darien's desk; He looked at his master's face which was thrown into shadow by the candle, he looked pale, his skin was drawn tight around his skull, and it was obvious that he hadn't fed last night or slept this morning.

"Master, you shouldn't be up at this time of day," said Mars worried. He had never in his seventy years of service seen his master look like this.

"Thank you Mars for that astute observation," snapped Darien glaring at his valet.He shook his head and looked into the candle, "I am sorry Mars. I know I am acting out of the ordinary, but I am just worried about our guest."

Mars looked at his Lord and raised a grey eyebrow not believing a word of what Darien was saying. After seventy years he knew when his master was trying to keep things from him. "She is whole and hail upstairs about to take a bath, as you well know. What is really bothering you Darien?" He asked with what would be, to other master's, a rude tone of voice.

"I am not worried about how the staff will treat her Mars, I am not as young as all that. I am worried about the person who attacked her coming back for her."

"I thought you said that you broke his neck against a wall, Milord."

"And that I did. Broke more than that I am willing to wager, as hard as I threw him."

"The please excuse my ignorance, Milord, but what is the problem?" "You have spent the entirety of your life in a Vampire's household, and you have no idea of why I am worried?"

"But surely, Milord, a vampire would not attack an unfortunate in such a way?"

"I will give you that I did not consider it a possibility either, but while I was out last night I saw him walking the streets whole and hale as if nothing had happened. I am Positive that the attacker was another Vampire. So while she is here I would like to make sure that she is safe. By no means make her a prisoner here, but just make sure she is discreetly watched while I am sleeping."

"Of course Milord, it is as you wish. I will have someone keep a discreet eye on her."

"Oh, and Mars?"

"Yes, Milord?"

"Send Sophia to tend to Marcille's needs. She came highly recommended as a lady's maid when we first hired her on."

Mars bowed, "Of course, Milord."

Darien nodded and got up walking to the door of his bedroom which was adjacent to the study where he worked.

"Goodnight, Milord," Mars said as he snuffed the candle Darien had left burning. "Good day, Mars."

Mars went directly to the kitchen where Sophia would be enjoying her breakfast before a long day of polishing silver.

"Sophia?" He called as he entered the kitchen.

A young woman stood up immediately brushing down her plain grey dress, "Yes Sir?"

"His Lord requires you to attend upon the young lady who is out guest. She is currently staying in the blue room. Please attend on her as you would any woman of class."

"But I was under the assumption, Sir, that she was a whore out of the White Chapel district?"

Mars give her a stern gaze that would turn water to stone, "I do not want to hear you voicing that out loud again. If the Lord wishes her to be treated as a Lady, Then she will be with no questions. Understood?"

Sophia blushed and ducked her head, "Yes, sir."

"Good. Oh and Sophia, be sure to keep an eye on her. The Lord is worried about her well being." She nodded and curtsied to Mars before heading up to the lady's room.

Meanwhile, Marcille was watching the servants fill the copper bath tub. After the tub was filled and one of the servants had spread in some dried rose petals, she got in the tub and sighed as her sore muscles relaxed. She sank deeper into the bath until her black hair was all that was left floating at the top of the bath water. She surfaced and rubbed her eyes, nearly jumping out of her skin when she noticed the girl who had appeared in her room.

"I am sorry Milady; I didn't mean to startle you. I am Sophia and his lordship wished me to tend to your needs. Would you like me to tend to your hair?"

She smiled and nodded, "Yes please, I have an awful time washing it."

She relaxed as Sophia washed and rinsed her hair ducking under the warm water to clear out the remainder of the soap. When she came back above the water Sophia carefully laid her hair out over the side to allow it to dry.

"If you need anything Milady I will be sitting just outside the door," Sophia said as she walked silently to the door closing it behind her.

Marcille laid back and let her thoughts wander to the mysterious man who had brought her here the night before. She was still surprised he had not left her to die as many people would have done. After all, she was just a Lady of the night, a mere unfortunate; most would have left her to die in the gutter.

Suddenly, her thoughts moved away from this morose line as she thought of Darien. Just the memory of the kiss last night was enough to send shivers down her spine.

Closing her eyes she visualized this strange man His long flowing black hair tied back in a red ribbon, his face appearing as though it had been chiseled from marble. She saw him, in her mind's eye, coming into her room and kneeling by the metal tub she was currently sitting in. She looked deep into his eyes feeling as if he could see al the way down into her soul, while he gently brushed her hair with one hand his other cupping her face and bringing it closer so he could kiss her. 

She sighed into the kiss, making a purring noise as his tongue thrust deep into her mouth. She wrapped her arms around his neck unconsciously pressing her breasts into his white shirt. He pulled her closer in response and lifted her out of the tub running his hands over every inch he could reach while carrying her to the bed.

He lay over feeling every bit like a personification of masculinity when suddenly she heard a crash outside the door.

She opened her eyes and realized it was only a dream, sadly, noticing that the water was becoming freezing. She called for Sophia and stood up shivering slightly. 

Marcille stood and stepped into the towel that Sophia offered her a minute later and dried herself quickly, due to the chill in the room. She put on a robe and sat down to allow Sophia to brush out her hair while they waited for the clothier.

 ***

Darien awoke amidst a tangle of sheets. His brain lingered over the erotic dreams that had tortured him throughout the day. He stretched and rang for Mars.

He washed at the basin while he waited for Mars, thinking of Marcille. He remembered the kiss he had shared with her the night before. Only this time instead of stopping at an innocent kiss he pushed her back on the settee while deepening the kiss even further as his hands found their way to the top of the blanket and gently pulled it down. He pulled away from her then and look at what he had uncovered.

A cough behind him caused him to drop his washcloth and curse. He turned around unaware of his raging erection and looked at his valet. "Damn it Mars, you walk quieter than a damned cat!"

Mars had the sense to look abashed as he walked to the wardrobe to grab Darien's attire that he had set aside the previous evening, "I apologize, Milord, I will certainly put bells on my shoes in the future," he said with a laugh.

Darien finished washing himself down and sighed at the interruption of his fantasies. Mars helped him dress in attire that was appropriate for the evening he had planned, as Darien had not been to the opera in a very long time. Grabbing his gloves and donning his cape he left the house to hunt, and to get far away from his valet who seemed intent on interrupting all of his fantasies.

Upon returning to the house he walked into the library to get some work done before he took her out, only to find her curled up with a book on the settee. He looked at her from the door, her hair was loose and she was twirling a piece around her finger as she turned the page. The change in her was so magnificent that he was speechless.

Her face was clean from the muck of the street revealing a light and clear complexion. She was dressed in the latest fashion, Mars' doing, he thought to himself. He had to admit she looked wonderful in the dress, even though it was missing the bustle. Her torso was contained in a corset enhancing her small frame and making her look even more buxom than the dress she had been wearing the previous night. The dress, he was sure, went from just under her chin accentuating her throat, to below her ankles.

It was hard for him to tell, however, due to the fact that she was sitting sideways and had the dress tucked under her. 

Before he realized it, he was halfway across the floor eyeing her body hungrily. He stopped himself five feet from her, glad that she was so engrossed with her book that she had yet to notice him.

He stood there for a few moments just watching her read and trying to figure out what to say. Finally, he was able to say, "Good Evening, Marcille. You look almost good enough to eat." 

She looked up and put a hand to her throat protectively as she noticed Darien. She looked over the top of her book apparently at a loss for words. He looked so much like a predator, with confidence and power showing with every move he made, and currently he was walking toward her. "Good evening, Milord," she finally managed to reply.

He tilted his head and looked into her jade green eyes smiling. As he lowered his head to hers he said, "Please, call me Darien." And then he kissed her and the world turned upside down. He felt her melt against him as she sighed into his mouth.

He held her to him standing up and bringing her with him. He cupped her buttocks and brought her firm against his erection. He leaned back and looked in her smoky green eyes, "God you are beautiful, chère." But before he lost himself in the embrace he gently sat her back on the settee and said, "I have a surprise for you, ma très belle chère. How would you like to go to the opera tonight?"

She looked up and a light shone through her eyes as she smiled at him, "I would love to go to the Opera with you, Darien. What are we going to see?"

He smiled and said, "If I were to tell you it would ruin the surprise," handing her a pair of long green gloves and put a cloak about her shoulders and walked her to the carriage waiting for them outside.

She felt excitement the closer they got to the theatre, who would believe I am being taken to the Opera! She thought as she sat in an open carriage with Darien by her side.

The carriage ride into town took awhile, but she was happy to be able to get a better look at the man who had apparently saved her life. Finally, they reached the theatre where Darien led her up to a private box, and led her to a seat. 

As she walked in the box she noticed how large it seemed. There were at least ten chairs made of beautiful mahogany and padded with a deep blood red velvet. The box was positioned in the middle of the overhang, perfect for viewing the whole stage without having to crane her head.

Darien sat her in the middle seat and took one to her immediate right. She did not have much time to look over the crowd before the music started and she was swept away by the performance.

 ***

As they walked out of the crowded theatre Marcille looked to Darien and said, "That was absolutely beautiful!"

"It was indeed," he replied, Not talking about the Opera as he lifted her into his carriage. "Have you eaten this evening Marcille?" 

She looked over to respond and realized that the last time she had eaten was right before she was attacked in the alleyway. "No, I have not eaten today at all it seems. I must have forgotten with the clothier appointment. Indeed, I do not believe I have eaten at all since before I was attacked last night," she blushed as she admitted this.

Darien smiled at her embarrassment, "It is not anything to be ashamed of, and after all you had a rather rough night," he opened the door of the carriage and directed Seth to a restaurant he was known to frequent. Leaning back as the carriage started moving he wrapped his arm around her shoulder as if to protect her.

When they arrived he helped her down and led her into the restaurant. She immediately noticed how clean the restaurant was, How far away that dingy tavern from yesterday seems, she thought to herself.

When the Head waiter saw Darien he immediately walked over to him with an air of curiosity coming from him.

"A table for two this evening, Milord?" he asked in surprise. He had never seen the young master bring anyone with him before.

"Yes, William. Could you bring a bottle of your best red wine?"

"Of course Milord, it will be out immediately," the waiter walked them over to Darien's favorite corner table and pulled out Marcille's chair. He bowed to the table and went off to locate the red wine Lord Darien drank, attempting to hide his curiosity from the rest of the staff.

"Do you come here often, Darien?" she asked as she scanned the menu noting that there were no prices listed for her.

"When I am on this side of town, yes," he answered as William returned with the wine and poured two glasses for them, leaving the bottle.

"It seems like a very nice place," she said demurely not used to being treated this way, and finding that she was beginning to feel cherished around this man that she had only known for a day. 

She wished she could feel this way forever, but being practical she knew this was not to be. Why would a gentleman like this want to stay with a low piece of London society like her? Surely he could have anyone in the ton that he wished. He would soon leave her like the rest of society had, just another poor unfortunate. What does it matter if this doesn't last? She chided herself, I will enjoy myself and when he leaves me at least I will have some very nice memories to carry me through life.

Another waiter came up and took their order in a genial manner, and then promptly disappeared into the background.

"Was Mars able to assist you when you awoke this morning?" Darien asked while he swirled the wine in lazy circles around his glass.

"Yes, he was very kind to me, Milord. He showed me to a guest room and shortly after a clothier came to have me measured," she replied while she watched the bright patterns on the table from the reflected candlelight through the wine.

He looked up from his glass and smiled, "I am glad that he has made you feel welcome."

She returned his smile warmly, "He is a very sweet old man," she replied as the waiter came back and set their dinner in front of them. She looked at her dinner, a rare steak with a dark gravy, new spring potatoes, and a piece of finely milled white bread, placed her napkin in her lap and ate quietly as Darien watched her. She seemed much more refined to him than many of the Ladies of the night that he had encountered before.

He wondered how she had come about such refinement, but he remained silent allowing her to enjoy the first good meal she had had in a very long time. 

She finished eating and looked at Darien smiling, "That was the best meal I have ever eaten!"

He smiled at her exuberance, "I am glad to hear it, chère. Shall we head back home?"

Home, she thought, a term I have not used, or heard used in years… to have a home… To have a home with Darien, or anyone for that matter, how long have I dreamed of something like this happening to me? 
