 The door was slightly open and I let myself into the office looking for my boss. I expected to see him sitting behind the desk waiting for my daily investment management report. The chair was noticeably empty. Instead, looking past the desk, I saw Lizette standing at the window, intently gazing between the slanted blinds, oblivious to my virtually silent entry. I walked to her side and whispered, "What is so fascinating?"

"Oh my, you startled me.... I, um, was just looking outside," she replied caught off guard.

"Into an empty alley?" I asked wondering what could be so interesting. It was not the first time I had found her at this window and at this hour of the day. Sometime she was alone but most often Mr. Jones sat in his chair as she stood behind him at the window sneaking looks outside while he droned on and on. I had always wondered what she was doing, what she found so interesting.

She had been with the company for only a few months and was the bosses' executive assistant. My impression was that she was prim, proper and stern. Always conservatively attired and very business like, I marveled at Lizette's buxom body and incredible legs. Most people knew nothing about her other than she was Mr. Jones' cold gatekeeper, who with a glance could run chills down your spine. "Cold Bitch" was actually the term uttered to describe her.

"Look," she said, pointing out the window.

"Where?" I asked seeing nothing but the junction of two perpendicular fifteen foot wide alleys.

"Across and to the left, one floor down, window on the end," she directed. I was shocked not only by what I saw but by what Lizette was sharing.

"Oh.... I see," I said craning my neck to get the angle, "very nice," I commented realizing the subject of her gazing.

"Uh-huh," she murmured, "They meet every day at the same time. I noticed it soon after I started here. I do not think anyone else knows but me, and now you.... Sometimes, a man joins them. I suspect their affair is illicit, but maybe that is for my own fantasy for self- fulfillment. Everyone loves mystery and intrigue....," she explained. I was shocked by the nature of the conversation we were having- we barely knew each other- "I even named them," she proudly continued, "Mary is the conservative one who is standing up and leaning over. Alice is sitting on the desk top. Mary is the aggressive passionate one. Alice is cold and in control. She looks slightly older, by a few years."From our view, as best I could determine, the two were very attractive professionally dressed business women in their late 30's or early 40's.

"I think they think they are immune from discovery," Lizette volunteered, "This window is the only one in our building from which I have been able to get a view. Below us all the windows are bricked off. We are the top floor and all windows to our left are also bricked. To our right there is no angle within our building for a view."

"Are you sure they want privacy. Maybe they like the slight risk of being seen...," I suggested in a hushed tone.

"You think?" Lizette asked coyly.

"Maybe. Sounds like you watch them on a regular basis. These blinds are not drawn shut and the degree at which they are kept would make it easy for Mary and Alice to know you are here. Has either ever glanced up and acknowledged your presence? Maybe said something to the other after a glance? You may be part of a fantasy they are playing out," I sublimely suggested.

I watched as Mary and Alice passionately embraced. Mary stood attentive, her blouse open and her breasts exposed. Her legs were locked at the knees and her ass slight pushed outward as she leaned forward perched on high heels. Her dress was lifted in the front as Alice ran the palm of her hand across Mary's bush. Alice gently cupped her left breast and offered it to Mary's mouth. As it was offered Mary opened her mouth and ascended from below, her lips raised above her teeth like a sneering shark coming from below to strike its prey, her tongue emerged, the tip flickered back and forth, slapping at the tip of Alice's erect nipple. Mary peered up into her lover's eyes to read her expressions. Alice, her eyes half closed in rapture, seemed to sigh and encourage for more.

Lizette looked me right in the eyes, put her pointer finger across my lips and said "Not a word. Don't spoil this for me. Our secret, alright?"

I nodded affirmatively and we watched the two a bit more. Lizette was called out of the room. She left me alone peering out the window. I stood transfixed watching for a while longer....

That night I lay in bed thinking of what had occurred. I could not get the thoughts of Lizette's voyeurism out of my mind, wondering why she shared the secret with me? I drifted off to sleep thinking of Lizette and how I would have enjoyed bending her over and taking her while she watched Mary and Alice...

Later that night I was roused from my slumber. The room was cold but I chalked it up to the open window and the crisp autumn air. I went to bed alone but sensed the presence of another as I awoke in a confused haze. I thought my girlfriend had let herself in and crawled into bed with me. I opened my eyes. A full moon peering through the slats of the blinds slightly illuminated the room. I turned over and found Lizette sitting on the edge of the bed, still dressed in work clothes. I shook my head trying to discern if I was still dreaming.

"What is going on? Why? How are you here?" I asked in confusion.

She smirked and dangled a key, "Let myself in..."

"But how... why?" I asked.

"Because I could and because I need you," she replied, "Listen to me, I have something to tell you... I've known your thoughts and desires for me ever since we met. There is more to me than you ever imagined. First, you shall NEVER discuss this night or the adventure I am taking you on with anyone. I will deny everything and suffer you for it if you do... I have chosen you to help me. You must unconditionally follow my directions. To do otherwise will be disastrous. Understand?"

"Help you and with what?"

"You must trust me. I can't tell you everything right now... it will all come out later," she began, "You think I am some sexy woman who works in your office who you want to give a good hard screw.... There is more to me. I am a complex, manipulative, cunning, devious, self dealing, under handed, evil woman who gets her way by extortion and seduction," she said as she began removing her jacket and blouse, stepping out of her skirt and removing her bra. She stood dressed only in stockings, garters and high heels- just what I always imagined she would wear for me, just how I wanted her. I craved to touch her, run my hands along her legs, feel their firmness and survey their length, kiss her from ankle to thigh, around the tops of the stocking, touch her sex, cup it with the palm of my hand, insert my fingers, repeatedly push in while tasting her furrow, bury my mouth on her, wet her lips, make them burn with desire, and taste her juices as they flowed over my chin as I ravenously devoured her pussy.

"I am not here to fulfill your fantasy. I have a different mission.... I am cast to the nether world between life and death, what you call the 'undead', a life in which I am unable to feel love and compassion. There is only one way out and you are my passage. If you fail me, then you enter my world. That is how I got to where I am. I failed the one who conscripted me. There is no other way out for me but through you."

I thought she was joking, some kind of weird role play. "But why me?" I asked.

"Because I know you lust for me," she started, "... Darling, I know all your thoughts and feelings.... I know how you dream of having me lay on my stomach, how you lust to put your hands on my hips, raise them slightly and then selfishly pillage me. There have been others before you who I called upon to release me from my misery. They all failed. Now it is your turn... Your girl friend is my leverage. I trust you will do right by her. How you help me is by succeeding at a few tests. I can only reveal one test at a time. Soon I will return and tell you the first one. I know this all seems surreal, unbelievable and you need some hard facts to be convinced. Let me tell you something, right now your girlfriend is being taken by a very large muscular demonic man. He is my agent, my slave. Repeatedly, he enters her, but not against her will. No, she is on her back and he stands over her. With one hand he holds her wrists above her head. Her legs flail in the air. She is gasping, not in protest, but pleasure as he takes her with his substantial cock. She is coming time and again and it seems as if it is never going to stop. Each time she climaxes, she wraps her legs around him and repeatedly thrust her hips up to meet his as they crashed together in ecstasy. Then he stands her up, leans her over, his large hands fixed on her hips as he thrusts.... he leans over and bites her where the neck and shoulder meet. Blood seeps from the bite.... the pain causes her to wince hard and she presses her ass back against him. He gives a final forceful thrust and comes inside her. She cannot tell if it is happening in her dreams or for real. You will confirm what I am telling you tomorrow because she will be perpetually wanton until I am satisfied. Set me free and I set her free."

"Set you free from what?" I asked with skepticism.

She dismissed my question, "With the bite she is now under my control, only she does not know it. When she wakes, there will be no marks. She will not remember anything. All she will feel is pleasured joy and an urge for more, as if she had the best sex ever and is searching for more but can never find complete satisfaction, and, she will not be able to explain why she is constantly aroused...."

I waited for her next words. Instead she took my cock in her hand and began to massage it, "Tonight I will show you why I am worthy of your help. Be assured, there are rewards for you," she said confidently as she looked down at my now stiff cock, "All creatures need some form of nourishment. Mine just happens to derive from men... funny how that is... it is as if I am wed to them... they usually do not complain when I get to this part- I am the best they ever experience. After me, there is no comparison. I am highly addictive. It only takes once and then they go mad as they crave for more of me, or someone just as good. After tonight I could release you to wander the world, forever searching for me, never to find me. Almost instantly you would go mad because you could not have more of me, an incurable addition I would be... you would probably wind up in an asylum babbling about me, how and from where I came to you, the story of your girl being taken by my demon, how you cannot go on without me, how I am from another world. Nobody would believe your story. Doctors would just diagnose you as another schizophrenic, drug and sedate you. You would live out the rest of your years institutionalized in a chemical hazed reality, mourning your loss until you die. Nice vision?"

I was speechless. "Have I scared you too much? Our path will not be bad if you satisfy my needs. I am not all that evil..." she seductively proclaimed, "I just want to get back to humanity and the ability to love... Do I ask for too much? Now darling, it is time to feed... I need my nourishment, which means I need you."

"No, no, stop..." I protested thinking she was a crazy stalker.

"But it does not work that way. You need to learn to accept your fate," she said. Her hands were warm and silky like oil. I was paralyzed by a sick mixture of fear and pleasure.

"It's even better inside me," she coaxed, "Want me? I want you... Lets try a little of this," she suggested bringing her mouth to my head and sucking it. I felt her tongue morph from a human form to long flat and serpentine. It wrapped itself around my length from below my head to the base of my shaft. Then it constricted tight. My head was against the back of her throat. Her tongue slithered back and forth in a spiral direction as she suckled me. Slowly she brought me to the edge and back time and again, constricting tight to prevent my release. Resistance was futile. As pleasure overcome my senses, I leaned my head back and closed my eyes. Her throat clamped around my head and would not let go. My hips began to gyrate and rise upward. I heard her voice echo inside my head, "that is it my love, enjoy what I have to give, I will please you over and over, just give me what I want..." I felt my balls harden and well from deep within. My hands grabbed the sides of her head and forced her down on me. Her tongue slowly slithered back up the shaft until it was only wrapped around the top, constricting just below my head. My shaft throbbed as she let me fuck her throat. Unexpectedly, her tongue let go of my cock and I exploded, streaming seed into her throat and belly. She used my cock as a straw, sucking the cream out, drawing it ounce by ounce until my balls ached. Then, I blacked out from the intense pleasure.

Subconsciously, I felt the emission. Then, remembering what was happening, I bolted up in bed, my heart pounding with panic. I looked around the room. Everything was as it was when I went to sleep. No Lizette, no fogged vision, nothing, except a pair of panties- Lizette's or my girlfriend's? I did not know. I was dazed. I lay back and tried to sleep but could not, the event swirling in my head as I debated if it was a deep erotic dream or reality, second guessing myself and fretting about my girlfriend Heather. Should I call her and see if she was ok? At 4:00 am? No, she would think I was crazy and this could not really have happened I thought....

I never went back to sleep. My balls felt fine, and in fact, I was getting horny as I convinced myself it was all a dream and a fine one at that. Finally, at about 7:00 a.m. I called Heather, "Hi, are you ok?" I asked, trying to mask the remaining slight panic and doubt.

"Yes, why?" she asked.

"I just had a bad gut feeling and needed to call," I explained not wanting to tell her the whole story.

"I'm sorry to hear that. Well, now that you are up, why not come over for a quickie before going to work? I just really need you right now, I mean really badly. I have a big meeting today and only a few minutes but I am so horny. I'd hate to waste it alone. How about it?" she asked in a sultry come hither voice.

"I'll be over shortly," I eagerly said half heartedly wondering if she had a bite mark as Lizette described.

I got to Heather's place and let myself in. She came down the stairs to greet me and halted my entrance at the doorway.

"I'm so glad you made it... I thought you would never arrive... I was about to take care of myself... and if you did not make it before I had to leave, I was going to hunt you down later today, maybe even at your office for a surprise visit.... I only have ten minutes... I just did my hair and make up, don't crease the clothes...." she said as she turned and placed her hands against the wall.

Never before had she been this eager and forward. She preferred deliberate and loving. Now I was beginning to lose confidence that it had been a dream. I unzipped her skirt, helped her out of it and carefully hung it over a nearby chair. She stood waiting in her sexy red high heels and tan stockings- my girl dresses well, especially for me. I must give her credit for that. I moved close and inspected her neck and shoulders for any signs of the bite. I could not feel any indication that she had been bitten but the general area was a light shade of pink.

"Hurt yourself here?" I asked as I touched the spot.

"No, why?" Heather asked.

"Just a bit pink colored."

"Maybe the hot water from the shower..." she replied. I caressed her warm soft skin, and became erect with anticipation of plunging into her hairy bush, the moment being so spontaneous and she presenting herself so well. I entered. She was very wet, very hot. She confessed to me that she was ravenous for me, that she had toyed herself in preparation of my arrival. She said she could not control herself. A normally reserved and conservative woman, she started talking dirty, telling me to do things to her which I never imagined she could utter. I pillaged her hard and fast, repeatedly slamming myself against her, shuddering her body. She cried out in loud quips and gasps. Then she demanded, "C'mon, that's it, fuck me hard, give me that demon seed." It did not take long for us to violently climax together. It was the best spontaneous sex we had ever had.

"Demon seed?" I asked as we dressed.

"Just something that popped into my head last night when thinking of you," she said with a smirk, "you are my little devil, right?"

"Right baby," I replied, "so right.... How about tonight?"

"I'll call you if I can. Kind of doubt it. I'm real busy at work."

I went to the office and began my day as usual. Later that morning I walked by Lizette's office and peered in. She sat at her desk, head down deep in concentration. I stood in the doorway waiting for her to acknowledge my presence not wanting to interrupt her thoughts.

"I'm really busy right now," she said without looking up to see who was waiting for her.

"Well I just want to ask you one thing," I replied.

"I do not want to talk, I'm really busy" she coldly replied.

"But," I started and she brought her finger to her lips signifying silence.

"How is your girlfriend this morning?" she asked as with a smirk on her face as I turned to walk away. It was an odd question for her to ask. She never had before. I looked at her quizzically. "Go look in the mirror. Maybe I'll see you later," was all she said dismissively.

At that I left not wanting to stir her ire. 'I do not want to discuss it' was a pretty ambiguous statement, especially when she did not know what I was going to ask. 'How is your girlfriend'? 'This morning'? The statements would gnaw at me all day. If last night was real, I was in over my mortal head. If it was just a dream, then in combination with yesterdays voyerism, these events were going to play tricks on me.

I went to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. Sure enough, lipstick on the cheek. Maybe I was reading too much into this morning....

I did not see Lizette all day. By 4:30 p.m. I was in the office library doing some research.

"Olives and Onions'?" a calm sultry femanine voice asked. Lizette wanted to know if I was going to the martini bar and grill in our office building.

"No can do, I'm on a deadline," I despondently replied.

"Ok, maybe later," she said as she took off. I should have gone I thought as I put my head down intending to rest for a minute. The long night and early morning were catching up with me. I closed my eyes and drifted off to sleep.

"Hey, wake up," the voice said as a hand shook my shoulder, "how long do you intend to stay here? It's nine o'clock." Lizette said rousting me from my slumber.

"Huh?" I sheepishly replied as I glanced up.

"Don't you have a deadline? Maybe you should call it a day and go home," she suggested.

"Oh, uh thanks. I dozed off for a while."

"Late night last night, 'Lover'?" Lizette said teasingly.

"Kind of, I guess," I replied. I could tell she was excited about something, too excited for my grog.

"Guess who I met at the bar?"

"No idea," I said.

"The two across the alley. They came in and sat next to me. I do not know if they recognized me. Next thing I know we are having this really good conversation, laughing it up. I'm off to diner with them. See you," she said as she walked out. Fifteen minutes later I took her advice and went home.

My slumber came easy. It was a deep hard sleep with no dreams. Exhaustion and stress do that to a person. Then I heard her voice calling to me from afar, telling me to wake up. Suddenly, all was vivid. I could not tell if it was a dream or if I had awoken. Regardless, there was Lizette sitting on my bedside.
