 "LAST CALL!!" the bartender yelled across the crowded room.

The yell barely registering in Joe's mind, having struck out multiple times with girls this evening; the shouting man meant little more than the close to another night of sleeping alone. He finished up his beer, the yellow liquid having no choice but to drain from the glass to his mouth. Completely emptying the glass he discarded the hollow and now lifeless container.

Standing up with little thought for anything more than maintaining his balance, Joe rose to his feet. Leaving the bar he began his 7 block walk back to his apartment. The neighborhood was falling apart, filled with run-down buildings and alleys that looked like they could be used by homeless people to sleep in, or a place where women were raped. Thoughts like these no longer bothered Joe, and even when they did these fears could never penetrate the inebriated fog that filled his mind.  

Getting a couple blocks away from the bar things became desolate, he soon found himself walking alone with no one else in eye sight. Joe's thoughts were focused on large succulent tits with large hard nipples begging to get inside his mouth as he traveled. His cock throbbed as his thoughts drifted to images of a naked girl spread out naked before him on her back; her large tits thrust up proudly into the air while her legs where spread wide. Between those legs lie what his cock coveted most; a wet pussy begging to be deeply, and continuously filled. 

"I wonder if I have any lube left at home." Joe muttered under his breath as his pace quickened. Turning the last corner 2 short blocks away from his building he noticed something odd. There, in the middle of the block about 15 feet in front of him was a young woman, probably around 18-20 years old. She was short, maybe 5'4" and thin although she seemed to have enormous tits. She was wearing a tight black dress that barely covered her body, and had long black hair. 

Joe figured that she must be a hooker; why else would she be standing out here like this at almost 3am? Slowing his pace as he neared this girl he noticed her large mirror finished sunglasses. "Little dark for sunglasses isn't it?" He said as his gaze inadvertently drifted down to her exposed cleavage. 

After getting an eye full he looked back up at the girl; she was smiling at him. "Do you always wear sunglasses at night?" he pressed. Still he received no response from this girl, just a welcoming smile, a slight step towards him and an arch of her back which brought her tits to attention much closer to his face.

Joe's pulse quickened. He had never hired a hooker before. His mind rationalizing with itself on the subject; why not? He had paid for dates with women that led to sex, he had bought them gifts. He had been paying for things with women that got him laid. What is the difference if he is directly paying a woman to let him fuck her, as opposed to buying dinner so she will?

"Are you uh... are you looking for a date?" Joe asked her in what he believed was hooker slang. She took another step towards him and maintained that smile directly at him. This woman's tits were a few short centimeters from being pressed to his chest. Joe could see her nipples were hard and pressed against the thin black fabric; the flesh clearly visible enough for him to see them between the threads.

"I only live a couple blocks from here, would you like to come to my place?" He offered, his dick prayed she would accept. Still maintaining that broad smile she brought one of her small hands to lightly graze across the front of Joe's entrapped erection. Believing she knew what he was requesting, he began to walk in excitement. "It's just a block further this way, come on." He waved her to follow him. She walked after him just a few feet behind with her tits thrust forward leading the way while that smile not once leaving her motionless face.



His door swinging open Joe went inside, "Please come in." The girl quickly coming in after him, Joe closed the door behind her. With the door closed he turned to her. "How much do your charge for... for this?" He looked her up and down, eager to get his cock deeply between her slender thighs; he awaited a response.

She stood there seemingly dumbfounded by the question, although she seemed happy as she was still smiling. "Do you have a standard fee for this kind of thing? You know... sex?" Using her hands she slipped off the straps on her shoulders holding her dress up. Quickly gravity pulled it to the ground leaving her completely nude. 

The first thing Joe noticed was that her body was completely hairless everywhere the dress covered, and she wore no undergarments. Her body was slender; there were a gap between her legs right by her V shaped labia. Her tits were robust and firm looking. Her nipples seemed to be incredibly hard as if she were exponentially aroused already; and eager to fuck.

She stood naked and motionless facing Joe. Taking in the vision he felt his cock pulse. "Right down to business huh? Ok." Joe quickly removing his clothes was soon as naked as she was; completely. His cock standing to attention as it pointed directly to her; it knew where it wanted to be. 

As Joe's cock stood proud in full display her tits shook in an unusual way. They bounced as if she had jumped, although she stood firmly in place with her smile and sunglasses still in place. Joe marveling at the bubbly flesh took no concern. She then closed the distance between them, her tits shaking and flapping against her chest with each small step. Reaching Joe she wrapped one of her soft hands around his erect manhood and squeezed. 

With a firm grasp she rubbed his length with consistent movements. Her soft skin keeping him hard; Joe's blood began boiling at her caress. He began flexing the muscles in his legs and ass; he knew he was getting close. Did he want to pay a hooker to cum from a hand job; could he willingly stop? Suddenly she released his cock. Her facial expression exactly the same, that unchanging smile and eyes hidden.

Turning her body in place, her tits wildly shaking as if she were on a trampoline she discovered the bed. She went to it, lay down on her back, and spread her legs wide exposing her pussy which was profusely wet. It was so wet that there was a trail of liquid running down between her thighs full force and already creating a puddle on his bed.

Joe just stared, so amazed by his luck knowing that he was about to get his cock deep into that hot body. He was not at all concerned with her wild tits, but further excited by their fluid ripeness. Suddenly this woman's head popped up impatiently, her smile beckoning him. He observed his reflection in her glasses as he approached. 

Arriving at his bed with this naked girl on it, her legs open and waiting to receive him. Her vagina sopping wet and the wet spot on the sheets now substantial did nothing but spur Joe on. This woman must be ovulating to be so aroused; he had never seen so much vaginal lubrication before. 

"Do you want to take off your sunglasses before we start?" He asked her. Her response was the same as it's been accompanied by an impatient lunge of her pelvis as it leaped up in anticipation. "If it doesn't bother you it doesn't matter to me I guess." Joe crawled on the bed, and positioned himself on top of her nude form. Getting between her legs, his hard cock pointed down directly at the steaming wet hole it was about to fill. Sensing his position her legs quickly wrapping around his back and her hands going to his ass cheeks; she pulled him down into her balls deep in just one forceful and impatient plunge.

Joe was startled at the shocking strength of her legs as they pulled his body and feeding his cock entirely into her radiating wet pussy. "Oh my God." Joe moaned as her internal muscles gripped down hard onto his rod; her legs locking around his hips and keeping him tightly inside. He tried to withdraw, but could only extricate himself a mere 2 or 3 centimeters from her furnace. Joe did his best to pump her eager body that resembled humping more than thrusting.

Joe considered asking her to loosen her legs, but her pussy kept squeezing him like he had his cock in some kind of milking machine with ultra-soft wet and hot walls that just keep milking, and milking. It felt too good to argue, and he believed she only cared about the money anyway. He kept up his small thrusts as the flooded pussy stayed glued to his entire length in motions designed by god to provoke his cock into releasing its seed deep into a woman's body. His entire mid-section was sopping wet from her juices as he maintained his course of consistent grinds into her clasping depths.

It didn't take long of her pussy stimulating his cock and her legs locked around him to bring his orgasm to the surface. His body tensed as his cock pulsated; he released full squirt after squirt of his load as he fired it deep into her body. Her small frame shaking in what resembled an orgasm to Joe, although her face motionless with that sinister smile.

His cock continued depositing its seed into her depths. As his cock pulsated inside her pussy, its walls squeezed in what felt like a sucking motion. Ongoing her pussy sucked at his cock as if desperate for his cum. Her body rigid and her legs locking even tighter behind him sealed him inside her small frame. 

Load after long held load, Joe shot into her body, in response her body kept up its sucking ministrations on his cock held firmly inside her; locked deep inside. Slowly Joe came down from his intense orgasm; his cock deflating just slightly although her pussy continued its sucking. Gasping for breath Joe exhaled, "damn I heard women orgasm for a couple minutes sometimes, but you sure push that to its limit don't you?"

The seconds ticked on with no visible response, just a smiling girl under him with those sunglasses on hiding her eyes, and a writhing body which continued to hungrily feed on his cock like a straw which led to desperately needed food. With the sexual haze leaving his mind Joe noticed the sudden wetness. His entire midsection was drenched, along with what appeared to be a pool on his mattress. "What the fuck...?" He muttered with uncertainty.

"Can you let go of me please. I came, I'm done. I'll pay you now." He attempted to pull his hips free to be held inside by her powerful thighs. He looked down at her, her response still the same, and offering no response to his request, but the same smile. "I said, will you please let me go?" Her legs held him tight; her pussy refusing to stop working around his semi-erect cock.

"Owe, what the fuck!" Joe yelled after feeling several sudden pokes into his skin, like he was bit around the base of his cock. Relying on brute strength; from his sudden panic he grabbed her legs and attempted to pull them from around his waist to with little luck; he was shocked at the strength this woman had. Joe began to pull his hips from her biting pussy to encounter more pain. It felt like tiny teeth were stuck in around the perimeter at the base of his cock threatening to tear it off should he pull to hard.

"LET ME THE FUCK GO BITCH!" he screamed as his body thrashed, pulling her with him but never dislodging himself to any degree. Joe's body flailed, he twisted around and pulled her body with him in a frantic rage. Through his struggles Joe managed to land flat on his back on the floor with her on top of him. Her legs still wrapped tightly around his waist.

Panicking at the enigmatic situation he started to punch at the hooker. On the second hit to the side of her head, her glasses broke and fell. "OH MY GOD!! WHAT THE FUCK!! WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU!!! LET ME GO, PLEASE!!" There above him were two sockets void of eyes. Her head resembled a mannequin; a fake appendage designed to trick something or someone into believing it was a woman!

Suddenly her tits came alive shaking. Her nipples moving and suddenly opening in the most unusual way, it made no sense to Joe. He saw it, they were eyes! Oh my god, her tits were eyes! His assault moving from this fake woman's head to her tits; that must be it! He grabbed at the left and drew his other fist back to bludgeon the right one with. Suddenly the beast's arms grabbed his wrists with lightning like speed and pinning him down to the ground. 

She was astoundingly powerful, Joe couldn't believe it! This monster that looked like a sexy young woman was unbelievably strong; more powerful than Joe believed any human could be! She held him down roughly, his waist locked wrapped by its legs, and his wrists pinned tightly to the floor.

The beast growled from within, a sound of attack that vibrated through him to resound in his cock. Suddenly her belly button moved, he heard the air intake; that must be its nose. If her tits are its eyes, and the belly button is the nose; that must mean the pussy where his cock was trapped was... was... IT'S MOUTH!!! "NOOO!!!!!!!!" Joe screamed as his muscles budged mightily attempting to free him. He had to escape; he couldn't let this thing eat his cock. Exercising superhuman levels of strength in his panic induced rage produced nothing but the slightest of budge from the beast atop him. Its eyes looking down at he in what he could only guess was humor.

Joe's strength quickly left him, he lay there gasping. Suddenly the strangest feeling appeared in his crotch. He felt movement, a liquid being pumped into him. It appeared that she was injecting something into the base of his cock with her vaginal fangs. 

Joe quickly understood the purpose as his cock began to enlarge to massive proportions. Her pussy kept its frantic sucking on his cock as the fangs kept pumping him full of its toxin. His cock was full; he had never felt this way. It felt like his cock was about to burst with fullness. The sexual lust crept into his mind as she sucked, and sucked, and sucked...

"Oh God..." Joe moaned as this things pussy/mouth whatever it was kept grapping and milking his cock in desperate motions. "You must want it big before you bite it off for your dinner?" He gasped as her legs assisted her fleshy prison in pumping him into its mouth.

Joe came in a powerful burst. His cum firing into this monster with more force than before; and it kept coming. His cock tightly held into this monster spurt streams of sticky cum deeply into its feeding mouth, he felt it moan. Above him the tit eyes kept its intense glare at him with the fake mannequin like head flopping around on the top still with that stupid fake smile. 

Minutes went by and he continued to orgasm, his seed continued pumping into this woman beast. Joe's lust consuming his mind, refusing to allow him to worry; insisting he enjoy the pleasure. On and on his orgasm went, each load of seed he let loose was quickly swallowed by the fake pussy mouth that imprisoned his reproductive organ.

Orgasmic bliss filled Joe's mind. His body completely out of his control as he continually loosed his cum into this monsters hungry mouth. After over a gallon of his seed leaving his body; darkness took him quietly. The room was silent from all except the sucking sounds from this fake woman's pussy on his still spraying cock; all throughout the night it drank.



Lt. Shaw looked down at the human husk as he took notes. "What do you think happened to this guy?" Officer Smith asked fearfully.

"I don't know Smith, and for once I'm not sure I want to find out."