 * James and Jenny Belong to me. Have fun with them, please don't steal them.

____________________

Jenny Harper was dying. Her breath was coming too fast and her heart fluttered, beating itself to death against her ribs. Salty, clean tears slipped from her doe eyes and slid in tracks down her dirty tan cheeks. Her skin was butter soft, and used to smell like lavender, but now only smelled of fear. Thick and cloying was the scent, sliding against my face like a long forgotten lover. She was whispering, softly uttering words against my throat. 

"Please, don't. Stop. Please, Stop." She whimpered, her words lost and crushed against my fevered skin. "I'll do anything you want. Please, stop." It was a lie of course. Jenny wouldn't do anything I wanted. It's what had gotten her here, naked and crushed against my skin, left beautifully in my tender mercies. I would have laughed at her lies if I could have released her for but a moment. What a dirty little liar. 

I reached one hand down and tore open her shirt from collar to waist, exposing that milky expanse of spine to the cold dank air. The silk made a thick wet sound that was almost lost in my Jenny's shrill scream.

"No, no, no. What are you doing? Please." She was panicking, her words hot and rushed. She struggled filing her body against mine in heavy waves of panic and anger. She needn't have wasted the energy, I simply pressed my mouth closer to her fear tainted skin. She whimpered, and I smiled gently against her skin at the noise. I worried at her neck, tearing at that sweet tender flesh and ripped those dark whimpers from her throat. "Noooo. Plea—" She didn't finish her words, I simply ripped the cloth from her chest, and threw it to the dirty floor. Her breath came in harsh gasps as I took us both to the floor, crushing her in the dirt beneath me. She cried harder now, her face screwed up like a child afraid of the dark. She learned too late that the things in the dark are real. 

I ripped the scrap of purple lace she called a bra from her chest, my clawed fingers leaving marks in her skin. She screamed in pain and I reveled in it, grinding my hips against her. Jenny thrashed again, kicking her legs against me and pulling my hair. I liked it, I moaned my pleasure against her skin and released her throat from my mouth. Blood trickled in a slow river down her neck, to pool in the hollow of her collarbone. Her collar was so delicate, a soft sweeping of winged arches framing small pert breasts. I slapped them, closing my eyes against the sound of her flesh. She whimpered and I slapped them again, harder, opening my eyes to watch her tiny blushing nipples harden against my attack, thrusting defiantly into the cold air. I grinned at her, twisting her left nipple pulling it forward and releasing it. 

'Uhh!" she cried out and her body arched from the floor, thrusting her groin against mine. I stilled like a snake in the chill and did it again, twisting, pulling listening to her moan in pain, I licked my lips. "Please... Please..." her sweet voice was nothing now. A simple wrecked shutter into the air. I leaned my face into hers, scraped my teeth against her forehead, against her tender button of a nose, and bit deep into that rosebud mouth. I drew blood. She arched against me again, a moan shattered from her throat. My tongue swept along her throat, dipped into my pool of her life blood, and I painted it across her handful of breast, painting her nipples the color of sin. 

My dark claws lead themselves as if with a mind of their own along her buttery skin, tearing lightly into that flesh, and smearing the beads of blood along the way. They found themselves at her panties, damp from her sweat and the darkness of her womanhood. How I love silk. I crushed my fingers into her sweet darkness, tearing desperate "no's" and dark little screams from Jenny's mouth. I pushed into that hotness through her panties, listening to the music of silk ripping and tearing against my claws. Her body stilled below me, her breath going soft and deep. The smell of desire mingled with the air. Fear, Sex and Lavender. I found her button and pinched it, Jenny twitched and let out a little cry, her body began shaking. 

I bit into her breast, worrying and tearing at her skin, drawing thick blood into my mouth, and she moaned, thrusting her puss against my violating hand. The shaking worsened, the edge of climax tainting her hot breaths. I pulled my hand away from her clit, followed the edge of her thigh, and brought it back again, violently smacking at her evidence of lady hood. She cringed in pain, crying out and trying to squirm away through the dirt. I released her and let her crawl, flipping herself over and dragging her beautiful breasts through the dust, her blood mingled in dark tracks following in her wake. Death makes you slow. I tilted my head and watched her like a bird with it's prey. Following the line of her body with my eyes, her curve of ass, that dark tempting hollow between her thighs, the bloodied marks my fingers had made in her thighs. I wanted to bite the sweet pit of her knee, rip her little dirty socks from her feet. She kept crawling though, and I let her, listening to her cry, and whimper. With a soft snapping noise, like stepping on light bulbs, I broke the tethers tying the front of my fly together, my member already threatening to rip from the pants, she turned her head slowly as if in horror, flinching with each sound. My mouth parted and Jenny let out a soft scream, but my mouth was not for her at this moment, I slip my fingers across my tongue, wetting them with my saliva, and slid my hand down my chest, gripping my cock and pulling it from it's confines. Her chocolate browns grew huge and she half screamed through a closed mouth, scrambling in the dirt for the door. 

I was upon her before she could move. I dug my claws into her sides and drew her to me with her own body. "No!" she screamed, "No please! Not that! Please!" I love that word. Please. I ripped her panties from her tiny waist, crushing them with one hand and stuffing them into her mouth. She cried, and tried to spit them out making such pitiful noises. Jenny snapped her thighs together, trapping me away from her, just barely out of reach. I slid the tip of my dick just so into her, just touching the place my fingers were pinching before. She cried against her ruined underwear, using her hands to try and push the tattered remains of what was once a skirt over her nakedness, between her darkness and my seeking member. This just would not do. I stood and discarded my pants, the leather pooling like so much lonely fabric, tore her skirt to shreds of fabric and tossed it aside. She whimpered and her tiny painted hands moved up to take out the wad of panties. I slapped her hands away, slapping her across the face for her defiance. We played this game twice more, she reached to remove them, and I slapped her, harder each time. Her hands fell away finally as a ruby drop of blood slinked from the corner of her mouth, dropping onto the curve of her small breast. 

When she lay docile I stood once again and retrieved rope from a bucket near the dead cold fireplace. I slid the length of rope against her body, trailing it through the blood on her chest before flipping her roughly onto her stomach and tying her hands together. She thrashed again, not as strongly as before and let a long pathetic whine from her chest. Forcing her feet apart, and thrusting my hips between her resisting legs. I slipped my hands down her back, tracing my marks, slipped my fingers down her ass crack, slipping them inside gently to touch that pucker and she twitched violently, then further below her body to that wet small cunt. Her whine was louder now, and I licked fresh tears from her cheeks. I slipped my fingers past the lips, twisting them violently into her darkness. What I found even I could not have guessed. My dirty little liar was untouched. I grinned, my teeth flashing into the dark, and she muttered negative comments into the muffling panties. I slid my fingers back, rubbing her slick wetness onto my throbbing cock. 

"Twenty years old, and never touched by a man." Her eyes widened at my voice, it was dark and cracked sound, I never found much need for it. "I get the dirty little liar all to myself." I rubbed my cock into the separation of her buttocks, sliding wetly between her cheeks. "I am going to hurt you. I am going to shove this inside of you and make you bleed all over me. My teeth will rip into your skin while I fuck you, and I will bleed you to death." I ran a hand over her dark messy hair, twirling her bangs around my finger. "Would you like that?" She shook her head, fat tears sliding down her face, falling like rain into the dirt. I shifted her body, putting me on my heels and her thighs across mine. It flung her face into the dirt and I laughed, the tip of my cock sliding home into the very edge of her pussy. I ground her breasts into the floor, and rocked slowly back and forth at the hip, slipping the head of my cock slowly in and out at the start of her cunt. "You won't like that?" I whispered the words into the heated skin of her lower back, grazing it with my teeth. She muttered incomprehensible words into the cloth in her mouth, tears coming thick and fast. "I don't care." The words were forced from between my teeth, as I tasted the acrid salt of sweat on her spine. She groaned. I was undone. I thrust my cock inside her, fast and rough, pulling thick wet sounds from between us.

"Uhh!" she screamed, and thrashed as I shattered her innocence with my massive cock, stretching her pussy to it's very limits, ripping her hymen to bits. The warmth of maiden blood covered me, easing my cock into her almost, almost all the way. I pulled out, to the very tip, and she sighed, relaxed, thinking me finished with her. Stupid lying bitch. My hands reached forward and pulled the gag from her mouth. She screamed into the floor, sucking dirt into her nose, and I thrust forward again, shoving my thick member all the way into her torn and violated pussy. "No!" she screamed, the words shuttered and forced "No! Stop!" I rammed into her over and over, listening to her scream, and watching the sweat drip down her body. When her aching stopped, and her darkness grew used to me, I slowed my thrusts, pulling them in and out ever so slowly easing myself through the wet and the blood. She whimpered low in her throat, trying to push me away with the tips of her fingers, struggling against her bonds. "Please..." She whispered the words to me in the darkness, and I slipped my fingers around the front of our joined bodies, gripping her breasts, making tiny crescents of blood with my claws. I pulled back with one hand, tearing at her hair and pulling her neck back in a graceful arc. With the other I gripped the button of her clit, flicking it, watching her breath come as her traitorous pussy responded to my actions. "Please, Don't." Her words had no force now, no real heart, not as her cunt reacted and clenched on my invading cock. I got rougher, grinding my dick against the tender walls of her body, thrusting uncontrollably, and she let out a guttural, animal moan. "Oh! Uh! It hurts! It hurts! You're hurting me!" I pulled on her tiny clit, rubbing it with my fingers. 

Jenny's hair fell into her face in wet strips as I released it, putting my hand in the center of her stomach and pushing backwards, making her sit up on my cock. She moaned in pain as her unused pussy adjusted to my abuse, my rough fucking forcing blood and womanly liquid from her puss. She groaned and slid up just the littlest bit, fucking herself on my cock. I kept my fingers where they were, teasing her clit as I tormented her with my member, she slowed and stopped, just sitting on my cock with it stretching her wide, her tiny cunt pulsing against me. I put my teeth against the back of her neck, tasting the sweat of her body and growled, thrusting deep into her innocence again. Her fear spiked, and she lifted, trying to get away from me. I gripped her with one hand, holding her shuttering body on top of my cock and made her rock her body, over and over again, made her fuck me with her own muscles, violating herself. I flicked my fingers against that spot inside her once more and her breath came in quick little pants. Her tears fell quickly, dripping against my knees, and I took over once more, gripping her hair and forcing her body up and down against mine, flicking my fingers over that pulsing little nub. She moaned loudly and twitched against me, the muscles in her stomach and cunt clenching so tightly against me. She screamed into the cold air as her first pleasure hit her, ripping scream after scream from her body. I bit into the vein in the side of her body, tearing her open and she struggled against the throws of her climax to get away from me. 

I shoved her forward, pressing her tight little body into the wooden door in front of us, I could feel it scrapping into the flesh of my fingers, rubbing harshly against her perfect little nipples. Her breath hissed in pain and I thrust as hard and as deep as I could into her cunt, ripping a scream from her throat, she came again, screaming, tearing herself up on the rough wood of the door and I slapped her, hard, bringing blood from her mouth, her beautiful eyes fluttered and unfocused, her body going limp against me. I groaned against her throat, and tore at it, hot blood spurting into my mouth, I ripped at her hair with one hand, and pulled tight against her nipple with the other. The heat was building in me and she whimpered so softly. "Please... Don't. Please. Please don't cum inside me." Another fat tear hit my knee and I groaned, grinding my cock into her virgin pussy and I let it all go, screaming my pleasure as I came in one thick burning line after the other into her hot tight cunt. "No!" she screamed, bucking wildly, her eyes fluttering like a crazed animal "No! Don't! Stop! Oh, God, Please!" she clawed at my stomach against her binds trying to get away, and I slapped her across the breasts again, crushing her tan skin into the wood. Sweat dripped down my neck, and I growled deep into her ear, nipping at it, drawing blood as I thrust my seed deep into her womb. She hissed in pain and rubbed her face back and forth, scoring that tan skin on splinters. "No. No, no, no, no." I lapped the last drops of blood from her throat, my teeth marks a perfect circle around her pulse. I pulled my slowly lowering dick from her pussy and stood, letting her drop forward at my feet onto the dirt of the floor. 

I flipped her with both hands onto her back. What a sight she is, even this close to death. Her short dark brown curls, sweaty, stuck to her face. Her long eyelashes fluttering in butterfly kisses against her cheeks, her unfocused wide eyes staring into my face. A tiny pink kiss of a tongue slipped out to moisten those overly large lips, that perfect rose bud mouth. It's what had drawn me to Jenny, those lips. That smell, Lavender. Sweat and beadlets of blood glisten against her sun-kissed skin, waiting for me to suck them into my mouth. Her palmfuls of breasts, bruised from my hands, and those ever defiant nipples quivering into the cold air. Jenny took a deep breath, and spread her legs slowly, my spunk dribbling out of her naked pussy. I wandered two fingers through it, and she didn't move, Jenny Harper had quit fighting. Nothing left to fight for. I shoved my cum covered fingers into her little wet mouth and she let out the softest of cries. I watched that long lace of eyelash settle in little half-moons on the tan of her cheeks, as her tongue flicked over the cum, sucking it into her mouth. My cock rose to attention as the color slipped from Jenny's skin. He had come for her finally, too much blood and violence. 

I shoved my fingers harshly down her throat, and she barely had the energy to gag. "Lie to me again, Jenny. Like you did the first time." Her eyes fluttered open, she tried to push herself in the very dirt to get away from me. I slid my wet fingers down her chest. "Say it." 

"No." She turned her head away, looking at something I couldn't see.

I slapped her breasts again, leaning down to tear into the right one, tugging on the nipple with my teeth. She screamed and arched her body into the air. I hovered just above her, only my teeth and the tips of my fingers gliding over her. "Say it!" I screamed the words into that perfectly ruined mound of breast.

I slipped my fingers into her cunt, rubbing them along her clit. I pulled them out, licked the blood off of them so very, very close to her, rubbing my tongue and fingers against the nipple I was worrying. Slipped them back into her violated pussy, thrust them into her, in a weak imitation of what my cock had already done. "Say It." She moaned, and thrust against me, slowly, weakly. 

"I l-love" she shuttered, stopped, grinding her hips against my hand, moaning. The tears came again. "I love you." She wasn't looking at me. I slapped her in the mouth, pulled her to face me.

"But?" I muttered, pulling her bottom lip into my mouth and bearing down.

"I l-l-love, Uh!" I pinched her clit, flicking it. I pressed my cock against her stomach. "I love you, James. But I'm not ready." A hot stream of blood trickled from the corner of her mouth. I caught it with the tip of my tongue, lead it back to it's home and kissed her like a whore. I blew cold air into her mouth, and let power seep into her skin from mine. "Uhhh! Uh!"

"What a little liar you are Jenny. A tease they call you." I thrust my fingers deeply into her hurt puss, and watched her breath come out in pain. "You were wet, and so, so ready." I pulled my hand from her darkness, rubbed my fingers together infront of her face as the color of life poured back into her. "See this? They call this Ready!" I pulled her against me, legs over my hips, and I could smell it in the air. Want. Need. Desire. Life poured back into Jenny and a flush took her cheeks, made her chest blush, and she moaned. 

"Yes! Ughn!" She said, thrusting her hips toward my straining cock. I slapped my wet hand across her breasts, across her stomach and thighs, ringing moaning screams from her little mouth. "Yes! Uhh, God! More!" She slipped her long legs to either side of my hips, trying to lift herself against me. I grinned at her, licking my lips.

"You were a good girl Jenny." I pushed my dick down, letting the tip of my dick slip into her swollen pussy. She screamed for more and thrashed toward me. "You want it?" She moaned at me, nodding slowly, trying to push her cunt down once again on my thick quivering member. I raked my claws along the backs of her thighs, and she writhed into the dirt. "Say the first part again. Tell me the truth, and I'll keep you. I'll give you more, Jennifer."

Jenny looked up at me, poised like a wonton thing, trying to fuck herself, and not able to without use of her hands. She parted her soft lips and screamed the words. "I love it. James, I'm ready. I'm so wet..." I slipped my cock so slightly into the depths of her cunt, she sucked in air, straining her violated body for mine. "I'm ready! Please!" 

I fucked her hard. I fucked her into the dirt and made her mine. We broke the door, ripped the ropes, bloodied each other. She's addicted. Lavender and Desire.