 "Oh, and one other thing—I know you're all over 18. Most of you are on summer break from college. Others, I don't know, working some 9 to 5. You feel like real adults—but while you are here, there is absolutely no sneaking out past hours!"

Camren rose from her bunk. The moonlight poured through a four paned window, adding a little light to the dim cabin. She tied her short, wavy brown hair in a ponytail, slipped her tennis shoes over her ankle socks, and put on her biker jacket. With a small gym bag hooked on her shoulder, she eased across the floorboards to another bunk. She reached up, shaking the girl on top. "Halsey, let's go..." she whispered.

Halsey arose from the bed, scratched through her blonde, green tips, boy-cut hair. She rubbed her round eyes. "What time is it?"

"Almost midnight," Camren said in a hushed tone. "They're probably there already. Hurry."

"Okay, okay." Halsey jumped down from the top bunk. Her socked feet thudded against the floor. She froze, surveyed the room.

The rows of bunk-beds looked still, everyone asleep.

"Quiet..." Camren scowled at her friend.

"Psss," a voice called out.

Camren whipped her head to the sound. Moonlight didn't reach the other side of the room, leaving the area in shadows. "Bibi, is that you?"

"Yeah." A thin girl, with short brunette hair, crept out from the darkness. "Where are you going?"

"Out," Camren snapped. "Now go back to bed."

"You're going to Foggy Lake, aren't ya?" Bibi hurried into the cotton robe hanging from the post of her bunk. "I'm going with you."

"No. You're not." Camren kept her voice low. "You're going to get us caught."

"No. I won't." Bibi fitted her glasses over her nose. "I swear."

Halsey walked around the end of her bunk, dressed in a letterman jacket, jogging bottoms, and untied combat boots. "You know the legends about the place?"

Bibi nodded excitedly. "Yeah. Who doesn't? It's an old native fertilization lake."

"You got a guy going out there then?" Camren asked.

"Y'all are gonna do the ritua—" Bibi's eyes widened. "What if you release Kokopelli, the sex deity?"

"This camp would be a lot funner," Halsey quipped. 

"Legend has it, he'll possess your mind," Bibi said, "have you doin god knows wha—" 

"Like I said, stay here." Camren faced the door.

"I'll do the ritual with you." The words rushed from Bibi's mouth. She even appeared shocked at what she said. "I just want to hang out. I-I'll leave when y'all start, ya know."

"You, of all people, are gonna take some shrooms with us, and do the ritual?" Halsey asked.

"You know what the ritual consists of?" Camren asked.

"Well, yeah, like take some mushrooms, and do a native dance..."

"And..."

"And... dance naked?" Bibi asked with a hint of fear.

"Yeah." Camren just stared at the goody-two-shoes. She laid a hand on Bibi's shoulder. "Listen, you don't have to prove yourself to us, to fit in. You're cool for a nerd."

Halsey and Camren turned to walk away.

"I'm going," Bibi said.

"Shush!" Halsey growled.

Camren sighed. With flashlight in hand, she waved Bibi along. "Fine. But, if we get out there and you don't go along with the ritual—Ooo! I'm gonna be some mad."

"Are you sure?" Halsey asked Bibi. "What if sex spirits possess your mind? Muahaha!"

Camren swatted Halsey's arm. "Shhh!"

"I don't really believe that stuff, ya know." Bibi looked to the floor, then back to the girls. "I'm in."

***

"Look. She's feelin' it..."

Bibi sat on a log, staring into the flames of the small campfire. She held herself close in the nippy night, rocked back a forth. The fire danced in her glassy dilated pupils.

"Beebs..." a voice said.

The voice awoke Bibi. She glanced up to the laughing faces in front of her.

Camren was right across in her boyfriends lap. She leaned in his ear. "Mike, I don't think she's ever had shrooms before."

"I drank once," Bibi said to a host of giggles.

Halsey cuddled next to her boyfriend's shoulder, eyeing the joint in his hands. "Johnny, pass it already, you chief."

"Do y'all feel it?" Bibi asked.

"Oh course..." Camren flexed her jaw, dropped her head back, and stared through the spaces of the tall pines. "I feel so alive."

Mike nestled up to her neck, nibbled Camren's earlobe. She ran her fingers through his flattop, cradled his square jaw.

Bibi felt a little uneasy at their public display of affection so she turned to Halsey.

Halsey locked lips with Johnny, nearly crawling in his lap. The joint smoked between her fingers, dancing in the air like disembodied spirits.

Bibi looked back into the entrancing flames. Her eyes started to play tricks on her. The fire turned into a face: lips moved and eyes blinked. She titled her head, forehead creased in wonderment. As she leaned forward for a closer inspection, the wet wood popped, snapping Bibi out of her trance. She jolted back, kicking up sticks and leaves.

The friends broke their canoodling and eyed the startled girl.

"Something wrong?" Camren asked.

"She's having a bad tr—" Halsey said before being muffled by Johnny.

"Don't tell her that." Johnny released her mouth. "You're just gonna scare her."

"No, no. I'm, uh... cool. I was just leavin..." Bibi's eyes drifted to the spooky surroundings. The trees appeared as haunting humanoids with long spindly arms. Cavities in the bark resembled dark eyes and wide mouths.

"You can't leave yet," Camren said. "We're about to start the ritual."

"Don't ya want to see some ghosts?" Halsey asked.

"I think I already am..."

"Yep. She's feeling it." Camren stood from Mike's lap and waved for him, but Mike shook his head. She frowned. "What's th—" She busted out laughing. "You got an erection already? This night should be fun."

The group chuckled, even Bibi relaxed a bit with a genuine smile.

"They're gonna see that cock in a minute anyways." Camren snatched his arm, pulled Mike to his feet.

Mike shrugged, leapt up. His bulge expanded, stretching out the slack in his jeans.

Bibi covered her wide grin. Her eyes darted away but then back.

"Oh my..." Halsey flicked her eyebrows.

"Hey..." Johnny playfully bit her bicep. His fingers snaked under the band of her jogging bottoms.

"Hang on." Halsey snagged his hand. She looked to everybody. "Are we ready?"

"Listen, no offense, Bibi," Mike said. "I just met you and you seem cool, but um... I'm not sure—" He glanced to Camren and Halsey. "Did y'all tell her what we were doing?"

"Yeah. She's down, right?" Camren asked Bibi.

Bibi nodded.

"She doesn't seem—"

Listen, I'm not a virgin, if that's what you're referring too." Bibi jumped up from the log, hugged herself close. "I've had sex an-an-and I'm perfectly fine with doing the ritual."

"You had sex with..." Camren smiled at Halsey. Both girls turned back to Bibi and simultaneously said, "Peter!"

Bibi flashed a smirk, nodded.

"Who is Peter?" Johnny asked.

"The boy version of Beebs." Camren winked at her. "He's an algebraic genius. T.A. for the professor."

"Why didn't he come?" Mike asked.

"I don't think he'd be into—"

Halsey interrupted, "He's pretty straight and narrow." 

"Ah. I gotcha." Mike turned to Camren. "Well, let's get this party started."

Halsey made it to her feet alongside Johnny. He held her in his arms.

Camren nodded to Bibi, encouraging her before proceeding. Camren removed her biker jacket, tank top, and black bra in haste. The cool air caressed her perky, bell-shaped breasts. Chill-bumps covered her pale skin, making her large pink nipples stiff. She stepped on the heels of her shoes, kicked them aside. She then helped Mike out of his long-sleeved shirt. She rubbed her hands down his abs, unbuttoned his jeans. She jerked down his pants and briefs. His erection shot out in Camren's face. She winked up at him, pecked his purple tip before standing back up. She pushed down her pajama bottoms, thong. Her pussy had a dark trimmed bush. She turned back to the others in nothing but her ankles socks.

Halsey's round B-cup breasts drooped as she leaned over to stack her clothes. She pulled off her jogging bottoms, panties, from her voluptuous ass. She kicked her combat boots aside, spun to Camren. "Socks too?"

Camren shrugged, nodded. She slipped out of her ankle socks. Her feet were small with proportionate toes, which were painted dark purple.

Halsey sighed but did the same. Her feet were narrow with long toes colored green like the tips of her blonde hair. She felt something poke her side and glanced to her boyfriend.

Johnny's cock protruded forward with a slight upward bend. Although it wasn't as long as Mike's, his had more girth. He pulled his sweater over his head, exposing his hairy chest.

Everyone then swung their sights to Bibi.

Bibi was slowly removing her articles. With her shirt already cast aside, she unfastened her bra. She shyly looked to the leaves on the ground while showing her humble slender breasts, tiny pink nipples. She slipped out of her pajama bottoms, briefs. Her pussy was bald. She pulled off her socks one at a time. Her feet slender, like Halsey, but with a longer second toe. Her toenails had a glossy coating. She palmed her breasts, crossed her legs with one foot on top of the other.

"Don't be ashamed of your body," Camren said. "We are all free here."

Halsey motioned for Bibi to hold Johnny's hand.

Bibi uncovered herself, inched near the fire, and did just that. 

They surrounded the flames, holding hands as one. They slowly began to circle the fire. The flames brightened their nude bodies. As they went, their steps became leaps, kicking up leaves and dirt. Their nervousness sloughed away into laughter and giggles of elation. Their breasts bounced. Johnny and Mike's cocks vibrated like diving boards.

Bibi showed a pleasant smile. She closed her eyes, falling into the solitude of her own mind. Wind rustled the dried leaves, shook branches. It whistled through the forest in a melodic tune.

"Kokopelli," Camren chanted. "Kokopelli."

Halsey joined in. "Kokopelli. Kokopelli."

Even the guys repeated, "Kokopelli."

"Kokopelli," Bibi said under her breath. She opened her eyes as they hopped around the campfire. In the dark distance, smog began to rise from the still black lake. The whistling wind turned into a flute sound as the fog crept near the campfire. Bibi could almost feel it hold her in its warm grasp. Designs in the fog showed before her very eyes.

A smoky humped-back character appeared with a flute in hand. He was made of feathers with antennae on his head.

"Kokopelli..." Bibi breathlessly uttered.

At that moment, everyone halted. They opened their eyes, looked to one another. The fog engulfed them, grazing their skin. The fire shot out as though ignited with gasoline. The friends all crashed to the ground. 

Bibi fell to her knees while the couples entwined. Her body tingled. She caught her breath, sat back on the dirty soles of her feet and watched with a trancelike expression.

Camren lay on her back with Mike's head between her outstretched legs. He slurped, nibbled, and smacked on her pussy. She softly panted while digging her fingers through his flattop.

"Ohh..." Bibi said under her breath. For some strange reason, she could feel what they were feeling, like everyone was connected. Bibi grabbed her crotch, trying to impede the itch. "Oh!" She moaned aloud, bucked. Her eyes widened at her own reaction. She postured up, covered her mouth.

Nobody paid any mind. On the left Halsey was being taken from behind. She clawed at the soft soil, arched her back. Johnny squeezed her wide hips and pounded with vigor. Her round breasts flopped wildly. Her feet came off the air, balancing on her knees. She curled her toes. "Oo-oo-oo-oo!"

"Aye!" Bibi's face twisted. A tickle jolted her forward once again. She placed a hand to ground, catching herself. She clenched her fist, crunching the dried leaves in her palm. She hunched on all-fours, brows creased. She cupped her pussy, subconsciously rotated her hips as though riding a cock. Her bony ass dimpled as she thrust forward. She glanced back to Camren.

"Ah-ah-ah!" Camren's pants gained volume. She leered down at him as his tongue went to work. He wagged his head, hummed, sending shivers up her body. She squeezed his head between her warm thighs, caressed her foot up and down his back. 

Kokopelli materialized at Camren and Mike's side. He played the smoky flute while circling the festivity. 

Bibi's eyes followed the mysterious god to Halsey and Johnny.

From behind, Johnny reached his hands underneath Halsey's chin, pulling her head up. His hips smacked against her phat ass, sending ripples of tickles up her spine. Halsey squeezed her eyes closed, lip curled, quivered, in pleasure.

Kokopelli stopped; his cloudy eyes looked to Bibi. With the flute to his lips, he strutted her way.

Bibi trailed him with her eyes as he walked behind her. She sent a quick glance over her shoulder, but when she turned back, she noticed every eye on her.

Camren whispered in Mike's ear as did Halsey with Johnny. They stood, cocks hard and glistening. Mike made his way to Bibi while Johnny crawled on top of Camren, as if playing musical girls to the tune of Kokopelli's flute.

Bibi's eyes distended at Mike's steely erection. She hesitated, looked up to him, and gulped. She shakily took it in her small hands, stroked the long shaft. It surprised her how long, solid it was. She had only seen one cock before and Peter was not Mike's equal. 

"It's okay..." Mike reached down and guided Bibi's head forward on his member. "...it won't bite."

Like an inexperienced kisser, Bibi left her eyes open when slipping the cock between her lips. She gripped his base and went halfway down, drooled a little. She pulled back, went down again, bobbing with a mechanical motion. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Halsey watching on.

Halsey perched on the log. She spread her legs, rubbed the top of her clit. Her head tilted downward, mouth agape, but eyes locked onto Mike and Bibi. Her hand worked faster, round breasts jiggled from her rambunctious act. She pinched her taut pink nipples, curled her toes which wrinkled the grimy soles of her feet. 

"Ah!" Camren cried out. She dug the back of her head into the ground, taking Johnny's powerful thrusts between her thighs. Her bell-shaped breasts bounced with each impact. Her legs rode high up his arms, to his shoulders. Johnny was almost in a push-up position over her, hammering his cock home. Camren's eyes rolled. She blinked, trying to settle her sight. "Ah-ah-ah!"

"Mmm!" Halsey groaned in pleasure while fingering herself. "She likes it."

Mike didn't seem to acknowledge his girlfriend's reaction. As a matter of fact, no one appeared jealous of the other. Mike gestured for Bibi to stand. He lifted her light, thin frame in the air, hooked his arms under her legs. From there, he gently squeezed inside of her extremely tight, wet center. Bibi stretched her toes. She draped her arms around his neck, gazed into his eyes with a look of ecstatic fright. Mike slid in and out, warming her up. His hips generated speed with each insertion. His cock lubricated by her juices. 

"Give it to her, Ma-Mike." Halsey trembled. 

"Aye-ee!" Bibi's small, slender breasts jounced. Her legs flailed in the air. Endorphins flooded her mind, tickling her pussy. The sensation was foreign, strange, in the most titillating way. She felt like she was on the verge of exploding. Black dots blotted her vision. She expelled a heavy breath which puffed out her cheeks. "Ayeeeee!" Her voice rose in pitch, face contorted in a funny yet adorable expression. She pointed her toes, legs tensed as a quake crawled down her thighs. She strained and came all over his cock. "Aye-gghhhhh!"

Mike's pumps slowed. He wrapped her against his chest, absorbing her quivers. Her teeth chattered in his ear. 

"Bravo-oh!" Halsey gnawed on her lip while leering at Mike and Bibi. She extended her finger, glimmering from her juices, and beckoned Mike. "My turn."

As Mike dropped her legs, Bibi wiggled her toes, warding away the numbness. 

The fog thickened around them. With the flute to his lips, the ghostly Kokopelli strode back from behind Bibi and toward Halsey, retracing his steps. Mike left Bibi and made his way to Halsey, alongside Kokopelli. 

Bibi placed a shaky hand to her brow, releasing a breath. She had a lost look in her eye, a frazzled and confused expression. She could still feel the aftershocks. She leaned forward, hands on her knees, as they buckled. Not a second later, leaves crunched in front of her. She lifted her head, nose to nose with a cock. She followed the hairy chest up to Johnny's beaming face. Without wasting anytime, she clung to him with a kiss. This time she closed her eyes while under-handing his thick shaft. 

Mike lay to his back, Halsey climbing on top. She pinned his arms to the earthy floor, drove her hips forward over his cock. She snarled, kissed him heatedly. His member slid inside of her cozy center. The pressure forced a moan out which broke the affection. She nibbled on his lip, gyrated on his pole. She started out with slow, wide rotations. Her round backside dimpled with each grind. As the itch grew, however, she postured up, locked her ankles over his thighs, and began bouncing. Mike reached up, fondling her breasts. He brushed his thumbs over her rock-hard nipples. She flung her head back, staring through the giant trees above. "Fuck, fuck, fu—Uh!"

Across the dying campfire, Camren wadded a large ball of clothes, placed it on the ground. She laid flat, the clothes against her pussy. She thrust as though riding a cock herself like Halsey. Her breasts, cheek, lay against the cool soil, heavy breaths scattered the leaves. Her hips moved up and down, humping the bundle. "Ah-oh-ah-ah ah!" She raised her legs off the ground, feet kicked about, knocking the dirt from her soles. 

Johnny spun Bibi around, assisted one foot up on the log. His hand slithered around her bony hip, down to her pussy. He softly massaged her clit while entering her from behind.

Bibi clenched her teeth. His cock was thicker than Mike, stretching her tight pussy just a bit more. As he carried on, however, she warmed to him. The pressure sent tickling shocks up her body. He pounded away, bringing her to her toes. She dug one foot into the soil while gripping the log with her other like a monkey. Her small breasts shook, back arched. She closed her eyes, nose twitched as she belted a moan, "Aye-ee-ee—Uh-huh." She wilted, voice cracked in a sharp whistling sound. She locked her knee but couldn't stop her quivering leg from giving away. Johnny caught her, all whilst continuing his thrust. She exploded in pleasure, eyes rolled to back of her head. She cried out into the night. "Ayyyyeeeee!"

A heavy fog swooped through with the wind. The campfire poofed, extinguished. Glowing orange embers faded in the cool air.

***

The cabin door opened with a jarring creak. Moonlight poured upon the backs of three nude female figures in the doorway. Fog moved between their legs, around their sides, and swept through the room. They walked inside in a dazed, lackadaisical state. Mike and Johnny trailed the girls with absent gazes. The cloudy Kokopelli eased in behind them while playing his flute. 

"Oh!" 

"Oo!" 

"Ah!" 

One by one, other girls darted up from their sleep as the fog reached their bunks. In an orgasmic trance, they removed their clothes, tossing them carelessly to the hardwood floor.

"Girls!" their camp counselor shouted from the neighboring cabin. "What's going on over th-Oo!" She moaned as the fog swarmed the campsite.