 Samantha grimaced, licked the salt off Melissa's wrist and slammed the tequila back. She shuddered as she leaned over the coffee table, towards Wendy. 

"Gah!"

Wendy quickly pushed a lemon wedge in Sam's mouth who immediately bit down and sucked on it. Melissa shuddered herself. Wither it was remembering her last shot, or watching Sam's tits shake she wasn't sure. Already feeling the third shot going to her head, she was starting to have naughty thoughts about those jiggling breasts.

"That was the last wedge." pouted Wendy holding up the empty plate. "And it was my turn next."

"There's more in the kitchen. I think." Sam waved towards the doorway absently. Her eyes were watching Melissa who was still staring at her boobs. Wendy, oblivious as always, squealed excitedly, stood up from the floor and rushed off to find them.

"Hey, my eyes are up here." Melissa's eye's widened then shot up to look at Sam's face before turning away. She could feel the the heat of her blush. Then Sam chuckled and Melissa turned even redder. A hand on her leg under the table and Melissa squirmed just a bit. "Hey." Sam said. There was a pause as Melissa's eyes were everywhere but towards Sam."Mel, look at me!" That came out a little more forcefully than Sam intended but it did the trick. Melissa turned and her eyes widened in surprise and her face turned even redder.

Sam had pulled her t-shirt up and was flashing her! And her gorgeous tits! Large and round, the lacy bra did little to hide her big pale nipples. Melissa couldn't tear her eyes away, especially when Sam shook them at her and giggled mischievously.

"No, there's none. We're all out of ..." Wendy stepped back through the doorway and stopped, her mouth open in shock. "Oh my god! What are..." Then excitement light her up as she exclaimed, "You two are so naughty!" And flashed her tits too, she never could hold her liquor. Being the youngest at 19, no surprise really. Smaller breasts than Sam's, they still held Melissa's eyes. No bra required tonight for those firm beauties. As Melissa watched, Wendy's small nipples grew hard, causing a little stirring in her own nether regions. Quickly Wendy pulled her shirt back down and laughed while blushing. Sam and Melissa looked at each and Sam laughed. Melissa quickly followed but had to force hers a little.

"Okay, you've had your look, our turn." Melissa's laugh ended with a choke at Sam's words. And did she imagine there was a little more emotion in there than just a little drunken naughtiness? Wendy threw herself back down on the other side of the table.

"Yea, come on! Flash us, lets see those titties!" Yup, Sam thought, Wendy's drunk. Melissa, on the other hand... Her eyes lit up as she watched Melissa squirm. 'Oh my!' Sam's mind blazed, 'she's horny as hell!' 

Melissa looked back and forth between her friends before taking a deep breath and gripping the bottom of her top, started pulling it up. Then a little rush went through her head and she stopped, right at the bottom of her breasts, just showing the edge of her bra.

"Oh come on, no teasing!" shouted Wendy as she playfully pushed Melissa's shoulder. Sam on the other hand, stared at Melissa's face with a small tight smile. Melissa smiled back and started swaying her shoulders and pulling her top back and forth as she slowly lifted it higher. Then there was a hand on her leg.

"Woo!" crowed Wendy, "Yea baby! Work it!" Melissa felt a wave of adrenaline pass through her. Followed by a rush of alcohol to the brain. Her top was right at nipple height. She turned her chest toward Wendy and pulled one side of her shirt up suddenly, exposing her right bra encased breast and just as quickly pulled her shirt back down. Still sexily swaying she turned to Sam and repeated the teasing with her left breast. The hand on her leg started caressing it's way a little higher. 

Feeling rather naughty, she pulled her top all the way and hooked in under her chin. Then she squeezed them together between her hands and played with them. With a quick sultry look aimed at Sam, she grabbed the cups of her bra and pulled them forward and down. She shook her exposed breasts at Wendy then turned and shook them at Sam, for perhaps just a second longer. Or two.

"Woo Ho!" shouted Wendy, her arms thrust in the air and she drunkenly fell back to the floor and laughed. Sam immediately reached out and tweaked Melissa's nipple between her fingers. An electric shock ran from Melissa's breast, detoured through her brain, then ran straight to her pussy. The heat of the blush on her face matched the sudden heat between her legs. Melissa whimpered. Quickly she adjusted herself back into her C cups and pulled her top back down. Wendy got up from the floor, giggling, having missed the quick pinch. Melissa shot her a look, relieved that she was oblivious. Then a quick peek at Sam showed that same tight little smile. Melissa squirmed and squeezed her legs together. Sam just thought, 'Oh yea...'

"Ladies! We need more lemons." announced Wendy, holding up the salt shaker. 

"I think perhaps you've had enough, you lush."

"Oh, I don't know," mused Sam, her eyes never leaving Melissa, "I think she could take another shot or two."

"Are you kidding, another shot and she'll pass out..." Thunderbolt through the brain leaving behind just one word; 'Oh.' Sam's little smile widened at her reaction. A hand under the coffee table returned to Melissa's leg. 

"Pfft!" Wendy waved at hand at Melissa, "You'll pass out long before me! Besides, the corner store will have them and it's only a block. Come on!" 

"Lemons it is." Sam smiled and stood up.

Outside, the night air was cool, it felt good, helping clear Wendy's head. She didn't realize just how much the tequila had gone to her until she got outside. The three of them walked side by side on the dimly lit street. The heavy clouds hid the half moon. As they passed the only alley on the block, Wendy spotted movement from the corner of her eye. She stopped to look.

Sam's mind was on the look in Melissa's eyes a she did her little strip show earlier. Sam had thought about trying it with a another girl but never seriously. Maybe it was the tequila, maybe it was just Melissa. She is pretty hot. 

"So then," laughed Melissa, her hand lingering on Sam's arm, "He pulled his trunks down and..." She stopped and looked behind her. "Where's Wendy?"

"She's right..." The street behind them was empty. "Shit, she's not puking back there is she?" Both girls walked back and peered down the alley. Nothing but garbage cans and bins and trash. More than half way down, behind the farthest bin, a shadow moved. "Oh gods, she is." With a mutual sigh, both girls entered the alley. 

"Wendy?" Melissa called out. "You okay?" As they approached the bin a pair legs pulled back out of sight. "Wendy, what are you..."

Both Sam and Melissa screamed. Wendy lay propped up against the wall, quivering in the thralls of sheer ecstasy. The first thing in Sam's mind was 'Orgasm. She's having an orgasm.' Coating her from face to knees was a translucent gel that slowly throbbed and moved. The girls could see her blouse and skirt bulging, up and down as the ooze moved all over, and under, her clothes. The pair were frozen in terror.

Suddenly a mass of goo shot out and both girls screamed again. The gel smacked right into Sam's face chocking off her cry as it flowed over her entire face and into her mouth. Instantly her body began quivering and she was torn off her feet and pulled on top of Wendy where she was quickly engulfed. That was enough for Melissa, she screamed again and turned to run as another mass shot out, just missing her head. 

Four steps was all she got when a warm wet gooey substance splatted against her ankle, stopping her leg fast. Thrown off balance she yelled as she fell, and was stunned when she slammed against the pavement. 

The world spun for a second and as her vision cleared she realized she was being dragged back. Her foot had gone numb, but she could feel incredible impulses shooting up her leg. Incredibly good, fantastic erotic pleasure. Her pussy was on fire, her nipples rock hard. If she hadn't been so terrified she would be diddling herself. Desperately she clawed at the pavement seeking purchase to no avail. The ooze was travelling up her calf almost to her knee as it continued to retract back, pulling her in.

Whimpering, either in terror or lust, she rolled over, the pavement scrapping her side and back. She squeezed her legs together, only to succeed in spreading the gel to her other leg. The sensations were incredible and Melissa was on the verge of cumming. She sat up and reached to scrap the ooze off as it slowly flowed over her knees and started up her thighs. As soon as her hands touched the gel to push it off, it flowed around them and started up her wrists. She gasped with pleasure. She tried to pull her hands back but it was like fighting a giant elastic band. The gel just stretched then pulled her hands back down. Gibbering in terror and ecstasy, Melissa has almost been dragged to end of the bin now.

The ooze, pulsing up both legs and arms was driving Melissa wild with lust. A desperate surge, she heaved her arms back and up, over her head, stretching the gel to the point where she was almost laid out flat on her back. The ooze sagged and landed on her. On her hips and stomach, across her breasts and on her neck. Overwhelming erotic pleasure shot through her body on contact and Melissa was quaking in orgasm. Her panties soaked with her gushing juices.

Quickly it flowed everywhere. Over her waist and into her navel. Enveloping her breasts then around her chest and back. Around and through her soaked panties, enveloping her mound and folds and clit. Her body shook as she came a second time. Against her nipples it was like electric shocks of bliss. She could feel it's wet warmth invade her pussy. Intense ecstatic pressure against her g-spot. She was cumming again. Then it pushed past her sphincter and into her ass and she orgasmed again. And again. And again. Quickly she was beyond any rational thought as it became one continuous non-stop orgasm, overcoming her body and mind.

By that time the gel was flowing over her chin, into her mouth. Melissa was pulled behind the dumpster, into the greater mass. She joined her two friends, completely engulfed inside a large shapeless and slight throbbing translucent ooze. The bodies continued to twitch as if they were cumming. Slowly, the mass started moving down the alley.