 Sam stands at the door looking out into the night. Clear skies allow the waning moon to shine down, creating long distorted shadows. The loading bay and the outside truck parking area is deserted. She can hear traffic, muffled by buildings and distance, it means nothing to her. Her eyes scan the high fence topped with rolls of barbed wire. It is new and unbroken. Sam steps out and looks left, then right. Right is the closer corner so she turns and walks.

Hungry.

At the corner, she can see a single parked car, brown. The make and model spark nothing in her. It doesn't register. The gate beyond is closed, the gap between it and fence is narrow. It appears to be the only opening. The empty building is large and the lot is larger still. It takes a couple minutes for Sam to reach the gate. The gap is actually wider than it looked and the gate flexes outward when pushed . She bends down and pushes against it with her shoulder and squeezes part way through. Her dress snags and rips, a small tear up her side, then she is through. 

The road is as deserted as the parking lot. To her right it ends in a cul de sac. Sam turns left and walks. One side is the fenced perimeter, the other a wide empty lot with the detritus of a city scattered about. Ahead are more buildings, some in use, others abandoned. All have graffiti to some extent. Sam continues to walk.

A commercial zone, run down, shabby. There are stores, currently closed and a bar that is open. There are drug pushers and whores. She watches the skimpily clad women cackle and yell and lean into car windows. The men inside these cars, she is drawn to them.

Sickness.

Sam moves on. 

Down the block from the busy bar, she sees a woman standing just outside a circle of light. She looks familiar, something squirms in Sam's brain. She has no thoughts, no opinions, and only one care: her hunger. Sam moves on again. Down a darkened alley, she hears three men talking, laughing. They are in a garage with the overhead door open, leaning against a tricked out lowrider style car. Men. Thieves. Killers. Gangbangers. The only thing that means anything to her is Men. She watches them as they talk.

Hungry.

Keeping to the deeper shadows, she moves closer. The Men continue to laugh and joke, but Sam is smiling for a different reason. The smaller one, with dark skin is closest to the doorway. He stops and lifts his nose. He stands up and takes a step, sniffs some more.

"Hey, De, you smell that?" The Man inhales deep. "What is that?" He feels a twitch in his pants. The taller and thicker build of the three, Dewayne, does not care. The third Man straightens from his slouch against the car and walks to the work bench at the back of the shop. Max is caught up in the enticing scent playing with his mind. And his cock.

"Shit man, that is..." Max closes his eyes and inhales slowly and deeply.

Sam removes her panties and her pheromones are released to the gentle night breeze. The first man, Max responds immediately.

"Whoa! That is... That is hot!" 

"What the fuck is with you..." De has moved up beside Max, intending to find what he's talking about when Sam's scent hits him square in the nose. He stops dead in his tracks and sniffs, then inhales deeply. "Yea, that is hot. Yeo, Steve, you smellin' this?" Both are looking around, faces into the breeze. De's cock is starting to swell and stiffen. Sam bundles her panties into a ball, holding them in her hand. The third Man, Steve still has his back turned, all he smells is grease and gasoline.

Scared. Sex. Run. 

Sex

Sam steps out of the shadow and into the garage. Both men snap to the sound of her heels on the concrete. Sam smiles as she runs a hand up her hip and waist and squeezes a breast, licks her lips. Standing in the light of the shop, the two men get a good view of the curves her dress accentuates. Cocks, already semi-hard, are rising to attention. Max reaches out and presses a button, the overhead door starts to close. Both men step around towards her as Sam walks along the other side of the car towards Steve, who still hasn't noticed her. 

Steve hears the clicking clicking of Sam's high heels on the concrete right behind him, and the sound of the door closing. A sweet flowery scent is tickling his nose. He turns, confused and Sam, less than two feet away, throws her panties at his face. Steve almost fumbles the catch, the blue cloth is damp against his cheek and in his hand before he realizes just what he's holding. His senses go into overdrive from the scent of her panties as her pheromones invade his mind. Staring at the woman in the tight dress, he pulls them to his face and inhales. Sam's scent is strong and he feels a pleasurable wave sweep his mind. And it feels so good. Steve is instantly hard. 

Max and De are around the car, cocks straining against their pants as they stroke themselves. Steve has his nose buried in the damp cloth and his mind is reeling and his cock is throbbing, aching stiff. None of them can take their eyes off the woman. The overhead door closes and Wendy's pheromone laced scent begins to fill the shop.

Max and De both reach for Sam, hands on her ass and wrapping round, squeezing her breasts. She reaches back and explores with her hands until she finds their stiff members and squeezes. She turns and takes De's hands and puts them to his pants and zipper. He immediately starts undressing, as Sam turns to Max and unzips his fly. She strokes him through his underwear and suddenly Max can't get his clothes off fast enough. There is no joking now, no more talking. Just moans and gasps.

Steve watches entranced, panties to his nose as the woman steps closer, her scent in his head. He knows something is wrong but he can't get enough of her scent. He inhales again and another wave of pleasure washes through his mind. Steve shudders and lets the wave sweep his worries away. His cock is so hard and it feels so good. He relaxes and just doing that feels good.

He whimpers softly as she pulls the panties from his face. He watches as she lifts her dress and pulls his clutching hand between her legs. Her head goes back and she moans as she makes him rub her panties across her sex. He can't take his eyes off her and her now glistening panties. Then she steps closer, pulls him into a kiss and strokes his cock. Steve melts, the feel of her lips, her hand, is filling his mind. He feels wet sticky cloth against his face and he greedily snatches at it and inhales. Her slick juice, mixed with the gel inside her is electric against Steve's face. He shudders with ecstasy as a drop lands on his upper lip. The ooze coats his lips and they tingle with pleasure. Steve gives in a whole lot more and rubs the wet panties across his lips.

The shop is filled with Sam's scent, her pheromones. It has invaded the men's minds, slowly pushing everything else out. Waves of pleasure every time they give in to their overpowering lust. The more they let go, the better it feels. The better it feels, the more they let go. Nothing else matters. All sensations are magnified. Even the feel of cloth against skin is ecstatic. It has made them so horny, so hard. There is only the scent and the woman and their desire. Their need to fuck.

Hunger.

Sam steps back and reaches to unzip her dress, letting it fall to the ground.

De reaches her first. His strong hands are on her hip and shoulder, trying to bend her forward. His hard cock hot against the crack of her ass. Sam resists and turns, grabbing his member, giving him a squeeze and a stroke. De almost cums at her touch, his cock twitching in her hand. At the sight of his leaking member, Sam falls to her knees and licks the pre-cum from him. De shudders and pulls her head forward as he thrusts his hips. His cock invades her mouth and De shouts at the overwhelming pleasure. Then Max is there and she grabs his dark meaty shaft and strokes him too. Max isn't as long as De, but is much thicker. Sam moans at the feel of their cocks throbbing in her hand and mouth.

Hunger!

De's mind is blown. The feel of her hot wet mouth around his aching cock is too much. He pulls back and thrusts again. He feels her lips tighten around him, her tongue sliding on his shaft. He cums, his cock pulsing strongly. Once, twice, his seed spurts into her mouth. Sam's eyes roll back in her head with the feel of his orgasm in her mouth. The salty taste of his cum, the throb of his ejaculations. She is so horny and this just makes her squirm. The volume of cum in Sam's already full mouth makes her swallow, and that drives her and the ooze inside over the edge.

Sam cums and more ooze fills her mouth and leaks from her pussy. De spurts a third time, some threatening to leak past her suction hold. The ooze inside her takes over and more flows into her mouth and around De's twitching member. Her mouth becomes like a vacuum, pulling in everything his twitching cock leaks out. The gel intensifies all sensations on De as it, and her mouth, try to milk him dry. De cums again. The orgasm hits him harder and lasts longer. He spurts four times and the ooze absorbs it all. When his cock is no longer jettisoning hot sticky sperm, Sam releases him and turns to Max's hard cock. 

The ooze has coated De's cock. It spreads down over his balls and up over his groin. He is groaning with the sensation as it flows between his ass cheeks and up his abs and back. Sam continues to work his shaft with her hand as the ooze flows over them both. The gel stretches between her mouth and De's twitching cock as she turns away. Her mouth wastes no time with Max and attempts to engulf his cock. The elastic properties of the gel starts to pull De closer while her hand never stops stroking him.

Steve's eyes are glassy and his nose and lips glisten with Sam's juices. The panties are losing some potency. His pants are down around his ankles as he pumps himself watching the carnal scene in front of him. Watches De shudder in orgasm, then again. Steve drops the panties and steps out of his pants, his eyes locked on Sam's ass and pussy. 

Max's cock is too thick and Sam can only get part of him in her mouth. She can feel the gel leaking from her pussy as it travels down her legs and up her torso. It feels so good.

Suddenly she's pushed from behind and goes down on her hands, Max's cock popping from her mouth. Then hands grab her hips and a face is against her ass and thighs. A hot wet tongue thrusts inside her soaked pussy, lapping everywhere. With a gasp Sam orgasms, gushing juice and ooze, coating Steve's face. He is beyond caring. His skin and lips and tongue are absorbing her pheromones directly from the source, his entire thought process comes to a halt. He spoons Sam's cum with his tongue and swallows. It is heaven and waves of pure bliss rack his body. His cock is so hard and swollen, the caress of a breeze would make him cum. There is no more Steve. There is only scent and wetness, he can't get enough. He licks and licks and licks and licks. 

De's cock, almost spend is actually swelling more. The ooze is pushing against his puckered anus, then it's in, a thin blob that quickly grows and widens and throbs as it invades his ass. His mouth is open but no sounds escape as the intense pleasure sweeps everything from his brain. He can only stand and shudder. He is rock hard again.

Max is kneeling in front of Sam, trying to get his cock back in her mouth. Sam needs it, needs them all. She must have them all in her. She gives Max's cock a quick suck before pulling him down and making him lay before her, his face under her breasts. As she stands, Steve whimpers when her pussy leaves his tongue. She grabs's De cock, feeling it swelling in her hand and pulls him towards her before making him kneel. Turning around, she stands over Max's hard cock with De behind her. Her eyes alight on Steve's blank empty face, her juices running down his chin and neck as he kneels there. And his hard dribbling dick.

Quickly she kneels and reaches between her legs for De and pulls his cock against her ass. Max has his thick black cock in hand stroking himself. She takes a hold of him and guides him to her entrance. De's cock is against her trying to penetrate her ass but keeps slipping up between cheeks, she's so tight. Slowly she lowers herself down, feeling the head of Max's cock entering her. The thickness is almost too much and she works slowly up and down, taking a little bit more each time, letting herself adjust to his girth. Then he's all the way in and Sam is gasping on the verge of another orgasm.

She lifts her hips up and the void inside her as Max slides out makes her whimper. Just as she starts to slid back down on the thick dark shaft, De's cock slips into her ass and he starts fucking her like a wild man. Sam immediately orgasms, Max finally finally all the way inside her tight cunt, starts thrusting into her. The pleasure is so amplified, and she is so tight against him, he cums right after her. She can feel his hot cum filling her and once more the ooze takes over and pulls everything from him as he spurts. But he doesn't stop, if anything he is fucking even harder. Max cums again. The ooze is flowing freely from her pussy and ass. The three of them are quickly coated from legs to torso. The feeling is wildly electric.

Sam is desperate. She reaching for Steve's cock but he's just not in there anymore. He kneels, sitting back on his feet, watching the three of them fuck but his stare is blank. His hard swollen cock is just beyond her grasp and her hand can only reach his knees. She so wants him. Wants to taste him. To feel him in her mouth. To feel his cock pulse. Wants it. Needs it. To feel and taste his hot cum as it spurts over her tongue... The ooze in her brain squirms and Sam cums again. 

The two men are fucking her hard and fast and her body loves it. But she needs Steve's cock. Needs him in her mouth. She clawing at his legs and slowly his eyes start to regain some focus. She feels De's cock swelling as he rams her tight ass, Then he's twitching and his cock is pulsing, filling her with his seed. De bellows and shakes but doesn't stop. With a moan of intense ecstasy she keeps trying to get grab hold of Steve. He stirs and moves up onto his knees, his cock at last within reach. She grabs and pulls him forward.

Her touch on Steve's cock sends electrified pleasure through his whole body and he cums. His hot sticky seed flies from his cock and splatters Sam's cheek. She whines and pulls harder. His cock pulses again in her hand and Sam shivers at the feel of it. With her mouth open and tongue out, the thick white stream splashes across her upper lip and into her mouth. Steve is shuffling forward and his cock is just out of reach of Sam's questing lips. His cock throbs a third time and this time Sam's mouth catches it all. She can feel the hard cock in her hand jerk a couple more times but it only dribbles. Sam doesn't care as at last he is in her mouth. She sucks him dry and licks her lip clean. Then Steve's hands are on her head and he starts slowly at first, pumping his hard shaft into her mouth. 

Sam is gasping and panting with lust as three cocks are filling her, ravaging her. De is shaking and bellowing as he cums again. His orgasm seems to last forever but little pumps from his cock as it throbs and pulses a dozen times, buried deep in Sam's ass. De's done, his stamina depleted after four earth shattering climaxes. He slows then stops. His softening cock pops out of her, making Sam whimper. De collapses to his side, one arm holding him up. His cock is still semi hard and quivering. With a sigh he lays back and closes his eyes, completely drained and spent. The ooze lets him go and slowly flows off most of his body. While he has no seed left to offer, it remains on his cock, absorbing the trickle leaking from him. He continues to throb slightly

Max and Steve however are still going. She can feel Max's already thick cock swelling inside her. Sensing his approaching release, she bucks her hips forward in time to his thrusts and tightens her pussy around him again and again. Max, coated in ooze is having all his nerves stimulated. His whole body is alive with sexual pleasure. He no longer knows where his body ends and his cock starts. All he can feel is the pressure building inside him and the desperate need for release. The sensations of slipperiness and friction and gripping are overwhelming. It feels like his whole body is fucking. Like his body has become one giant cock. Then it changes, a new gripping pulsing against him. His senses are overloading! It is too much! Explosions of light in his head and his brain is on fire. Max begins to convulse and even that creates more wild pleasure as his cock is practically vibrating inside Sam's slick cunt. She grips him hard inside her.

Sam feels Max explode. His cock is throbbing and he fills her overflowing with cum, even the ooze can't keep up. She impales herself downward taking him to the hilt and holds him deep, milking him with her pussy. His cock dances inside her, pulsing strongly. His seed runs out after the fourth throb but his cock continues jerking, quivering, dozens of times as the ooze has it way with him. His body, still convulsing, is magic against Sam's clit, Steve's cock fucking her mouth forgotten for the moment in her extreme pleasure. Max passes out, succumbing to his own orgasm as it seems it will never end. His body twitches three, four times more, then he too is done.

Sam sits on Max's groin, keeping his semi hard cock inside her, letting the ever hungry ooze get everything from him it can. She can feel the gel, moving inside her pussy, milking Max's rapidly deflating thick black cock and she shivers in pleasure. Sam grips Steve's cock in her hand, and pushes with the other against his hip, making him slow his passionate thrusting until he forced to stop.

She places her lips against the tip of his cock and slowly sucks him in until the head, and just the head is fully wrapped in her lips. Then slowly sides him out again. The effect is immediate on Steve, his head thrown back, a long moan escaping from him. Sam sucks the head of his cock back in and repeats several times. Then instead of stopping with the head, she continues slowly down his shaft, taking him fully in her mouth before sliding him back out, lips sealed to him like a vacuum. Sam repeats sucking, bobbing on just the head of his cock, while every fifth or six time, she takes him fully in her mouth.

Between her attentions and the gel stimulating him, it doesn't take long. Steve's right leg begins to quiver and his hands are holding her head tight. He's panting loudly and Sam speeds up the pace just a little bit. She bobs three times then goes full shaft. Three times, full shaft. Three times, full shaft and Steve cums hard. 

As he is spewing in her mouth, Sam keeps taking him full shaft into her mouth while moaning at the feel of his orgasm. The taste of his hot salty cum. She swallows and almost cums herself as the gel inside her quivers with pleasure. Her pussy is on fire, her fingers finding their way between her legs. She keeps taking him deep for as long as his cum squirts in her mouth. Then Steve can't take it anymore, his head too sensitive and he pushes her face away. Even gripped in her hand he throbs and a drop of cum dribbles from his still hard cock. Sam wipes it up with a finger and sucks into her mouth and swallows. Again she almost cums.

In spite of the ooze inside her being sated of it's need for cum, Sam is in need of a cock inside her. She climbs up onto the hood of the car and lays back, spreading her legs wide and start fingering herself. Steve steps forward and her scent, again so powerful and so close, goes straight to his brain. To Sam's shock, it's not his cock that penetrates her, but his tongue. Again.
