 NOTE: I misplaced this story for a while but no more! It takes place in the same universe as Den of the Old God, but that story is not necessary reading for this one.

*****

Livia was fearful of this new god, some mad creation split off from the goddess Luna. The cult's reach was far, their devotion fanatical. In the dead of night they took her, with the silence of a ghost and the cunning of a wolf. 

Now, she shivered as the priestesses gripped her and moved briskly to the lake's edge, letting the cold water lick at her feet. The women who had taken her were unearthly in their beauty. Their faces were as pure as starlight, their lush thighs left exposed from the high cuts on their ethereal dresses. Livia could not help but notice the supple and ample slopes of their chests, aggressively jutting forward against their filmy fabrics in a way that seemed to defy reality.

The silvery translucent cloth only seemed to obscure their nipples, but not their aroused outline or the vast, round swells that pressed against the silk. Their voluptuous flesh glowed like pale marble in the moonlight. A slight breeze kicked up, revealing high and sculpted buttocks, soft and firm. Her eyes were drawn above the rise of their ivory cheeks, to the dimples of Venus on the small of their backs, perfectly shaped and caught in the shadows cast by the moon's light.

"He will take you as he took us." said the one on the right, her bountiful bosom heaving to her quickened breath, remembering the night of her own initiation

"You will be changed in his service. Forever." moaned the other priestess, her deep inhale making her deep and lush cleavage swell out obscenely, her eyes twinkling with a deranged lust that frightened Livia.

"I don't want to... please just let me go... my husband will pay you handsomely." murmured Livia as a shiver ran across her body. She could not tell if it was from the air or her kidnapper's strangely sensual voices.

Both priestesses exchanged a look and grabbed Livia once more, holding her arms back and pushing her hips forward. "The One in The Lake... The Chaos That Treads... Ni-Rokrug cares not for your desires or your gold." whispered the one on the right, her lavish and plump feminine orbs squeezing into Livia's side, the feel of her cool and smooth flesh making Livia loose a quiet moan. "You will be content, in a world of peace once you become his vessel."

"He awaits you." the other one sighed, her lips soft on Livia's neck, leaving smears of warm saliva that tickled the Roman's senses. Livia gulped as she saw eerie ripples in the water, as if the waves were going in reverse. "Try and resist if you must... it makes the taking all the more exquisite... all the more irresistible." she hissed and Livia shuddered, her ears catching sibilant, alien whispers across the black water.

Livia whimpered and struggled, trying to break free of their supernatural grip and of the strange pleasure that had bloomed in her loins. She felt her captor's moist lips smile against her soft skin, enjoying her helplessness before the lure of destiny. She felt a hot tongue tease her belly, inducing it to quiver and writhe as the one still by her ear whispered her doom. "Our master has come... give yourself to him... know the joy of service..." Livia moaned weakly and more pleasurable tingles spread across her skin.

The two priestesses pulled away from Livia, only helping her stand upon her shaking legs as a predatory silence fell across the lake. And then it happened. At first she thought it was only the reflection of the heavens on the glassy surface, but the stars did not move on their own accord. Balls of light began to flare into being, azure flames, beckoning her to look deeper into their bright center.

Livia's silken, ivory robes fluttered in a gust of wind as she beheld multiple sapphire orbs dance and skirt underneath the lake's placid surface. She stared into the pockets of blue light, transfixed by their beauty as The One In The Lake sent its first coils to the surface.

The muddy tendrils that breached the shore line were beneath her notice as they snaked their way to her at a languid and purposeful pace. Livia stared at the lights, hopelessly transfixed, knowing some thing was coming, something that had a darker purpose than the lights themselves. That she didn't know exactly what it was or how it would feel only thrilled her more, her body aroused with anticipation.

The Roman gasped as she felt its tentacles wrap around her shapely calves, sliding with delectable smoothness up her soft thighs. A sinister thrill sank deep into her flesh as it skimmed along her skin while pangs of lust rushed along her legs and teased her womanhood. She tried to move, to do anything to quench the building fire between her legs but could not. The lights in the water were too entrancing to do anything more but admire, her prayers to Jupiter distorted into soft, incoherent moans.

Her soft belly tensed as the tendril drew further up her leg with dreadful inevitability, her hips bucking out of instinct to avoid the heathen god's lustful invasion. It was all for naught. She let out a deep sigh of resignation and excitement as the tentacle teased her heated cleft. She involuntarily widened her legs, letting its thickness sink into her moist folds with agonizing and intimate slowness. Livia felt every bit of its exquisite girth as her traitorous body welcomed the intruder into her depths.

"Nooo..." she gasped, feeling her inner vaginal walls mold around the intruder's phallic head. We are connected, mortal. Soon we shall be one. Livia shuddered to the god's telepathic message, her tight cleavage jiggling to her excitement. Join my daughters on the bank. Give in to me. "Ohhh... gods help me..." she moaned, pleasure rose up her heaving belly and her blood raced with fresh longing. Embrace the Change.

Her tight, pink lips clamped down around the shaft to his words, her body obeying the commands her mind was slowly bending to. She unconsciously pumped herself on it, up and down, the sapphire lights penetrating her mind, urging her to ride its tendril even harder. The more it commanded, the more aroused she became. Her heavy panting slowly turned into husky moans, her stomach shuddering from her intense breaths as her thighs began to shake, straining from the constant thrusting.

It was then the being took over. It sent its other tendrils into action, pulling her away from the priestesses and down to her knees while her wrists were dragged behind her back. One final tentacle snaked between her heaving breasts and up into her mouth, her lips eager to make love to its phallic shape. Her sex gushed love juices down her toned thighs, her excitement near breaking point.

Feel my power build inside you... become it... lose yourself in my majesty.

Her eyes widened to his words. Ride my offering, break yourself upon my will... and know joy everlasting. A throaty and muffled moan echoed out of her occupied mouth, overcome with the sheer power behind his command, how the velvet lined voice forced her to gush all over his thick organ, her mind hanging on by melted threads, on the precipice of total surrender. 

She milked the thrusting tentacle, trying to grip and hold it tight within her inner walls, needing to feel the organ as deep as possible for as long as possible. The being's pace had picked up, as had Livia's, her hips bucking to meet her impaler with each new thrust, her loud moans ringing out across the lake. Her perky breasts began to wriggle free from their silken confines. Her lustful spasms slowly gave way to a more naked body.

What you are will be washed away... what you will become will be stronger than steel. The voice was deep and possessed a quality that made her want to hear it more and more, slithering into her soul, opening her mind, laying claim to all that was inside. Her barely contained cleavage bounced to her thrusting, her drool slick mounds glistening in the night light as the tendril in her mouth had its way.

Within the pale moonlight, her body twinkled like a beacon among the sparkling wet sand, her white robes drenched and soiled with dirt as her new master prepared to do just the same to her very soul, enslaving her forever. It is inevitable... it is your destiny.

Livia convulsed, her stuffed womanhood flooding with her arousal, her supple breasts spilling free of her tatters. Elation tinged her loud moans while her body swayed in ecstasy, her half open lips spilling strings of warm saliva over her creamy bosom. You cannot resist this. She gasped sharply to his words, their very sound setting off another detonation of pleasure within her core, sending her thighs into powerful spasms. She was lost and she knew it. Her mind and soul could not hope to fight this creature, which only incensed her desire to submit.

With her chest free, her lover sent more tendrils and kneaded her soft, bouncing mounds, stimulating her aroused pink nipples beyond belief. Her body caved into insane pleasure, her voice ragged with orgiastic ecstasy as she screamed into the night. Her body thrashed before the lake as she was ravaged with her release.

The One In The Lake had decided its time had come as well. Its primary tentacle gave into the sensory pleasure from her tight, grabbing pussy. A loud rumble resounded from within the lake. Waves played across its surface as the tentacle jerked and spasmed within her sex. A brilliant wave of cerulean light traveled down its length and deep into her quivering womb, blazing through her cells and into her very soul.

Livia instantly ceased her shaking, her body frozen in the sensuous pose of a woman caught in perfect bliss. Her back arched while her breasts pointed into the crisp air, the bright moon framing her succulent body in silhouette. Though her body lay still, within she felt the being's ethereal will plunge and sink into her malleable mind as its tendrils had to her body. Thoughts were twisted to her exultant gasps, humanity was buried under sharp cries of pleasure and her free will was shattered to the intense, gushing release in her loins.

Her body finally relaxed and collapsed into the sand. Soft sighs floated from her lips as she surrendered herself to her new god, eager to lose herself in eternal pleasure. "I am ready... finish it... take me... take everything." she moaned, her eyes fluttering as alien pleasures tingled through her being. 

At her lustful submission, the foreign energy bloomed back to life. Deep blue light shined through her veins as her body twitched and convulsed along the sand once more, lost in the joy of change and surrender.

Her eyes rolled back into her head as overwhelming desire smothered her, her nerves blazing in white hot pleasure as orgasmic waves rolled and crashed throughout her body. Blinding pale blue light poured out of her eyes and mouth. Her quivering lips gave voice to the cosmic ecstasy blasting through her being. 

She thrust her breasts out, gasping as her flesh flowed and changed. Animalistic grunts and moans echoed in the air as her perky breasts plumped and ripened into thick, bountiful globes. Her engorged and rising swells of breast flesh blossomed in time to her ever widening hips, her bone structure mending itself effortlessly as her hips took on the swooped shape of some fertility goddess. 

She held her chin high, the firm and soft slopes of her giant pale breasts shown proudly before her god, the husky moans and sobs from her throat a farewell to her free will and an ode to her inescapable fate. Pleasurable tingles ran along her smooth flanks and reached along her buttocks, rounding out her cheeks into perfect, jiggling hemispheres as she wallowed in the pleasure of becoming utterly enslaved.

Her fair skin and hair were bleached of all color, her complexion turning unearthly smooth and porcelain. A fine layer of moisture spread across her trembling flesh, clumps of sand sticking to her sensuous legs and the sides of her full luscious breasts as she writhed along the beach in erotic rapture. She felt the tentacle in her pussy shudder and jerk, pumping her body with even more transformative light. The last of her soul burned away in her passion, nothing but a shell for her master as her skin glowed like the moon, her body filled to the brim with his energy.

And then it stopped.

She dropped to the sand like a brick, her muscles sore and tense from her overwhelming climax. She let out deep, gasping breaths, clamoring for air, whimpering as she felt the tentacles slowly withdraw themselves, pulling back into the lake. After she came down from her high, a soft, orgasmic sigh seeped from her dewy lips, a strange and unnerving smile upon her face, one of both content and acceptance.

She was his.

Her frosty white hair lay in tangles across her sweaty body, gleaming like pools of silver in the shining moonlight. Her heaving breasts, huge and soft, had the appearance of moons as well, two ripe orbs, jiggling to her slightest movements as she pulled herself up. Livia moaned as she felt her master's imprinted orders flash across her mind.

She was to return to Rome, and seduce her husband into the grasp of the Old God, for his time had come. He was the chosen champion ready to forge a new empire in the glory of his lord. Julius Caesar. 

But for now, she wanted to be even closer to her god. The priestesses looked on passively, their faces blank as Livia tread into the lake. Her torn, dirty robe trailed behind her as the dark water lapped at her pale, voluptuous bottom and splashed against her heavy, pendulous breasts. Soon her ivory-white form was no more, absorbed like a flickering star into the black abyss...