 Ray had just got home with the spell book he had purchased from the Emporium. He knew a little about magic and was looking for spell books that dealt with sexual magic and the stunning redhead at the store gave him this book with a smile after he asked about it. He was excited to read through it thinking he'd be picturing her when he tried them as she was gorgeous.

She seemed rather eager to let him have it which he thought was strange. In his time studying magic he knew the risks but she gave no warning to him, she just seemed to have a sinister smile on her face the whole time as he completed the transaction and came home. He didn't expect much as most of the magic he had worked with involved meditation but this book didn't seem to discuss anything like that.

Looking through the different spells he came across one rather Intriguing. The spell was called the "Pleasure Goblin," which he thought was a little odd but he was looking for pleasures that were beyond the normal realm. As he studied the spell more carefully it was rather simple so he decided to go for it. The book was all about pleasure and sexual magic so he didn't bother looking for any warnings which he probably should have before casting anything.

He got comfortable on his bed as he read through the book. After little delay, he spoke the incantation not really taking it at all seriously but figured he'd try a simple one or at least one he thought was simple. He read on and continued to speak the words that would summon those so-called pleasure Goblin until he reached the end of the spell and put the book down.

At first, nothing happened which did not surprise him at all but as he went to get up there was suddenly a strange purple mist floating above him. It dissipated after a second and he didn't think much of it but then it started to form again. It just seemed like a cloud until it began to sprout a few tendrils. It soon began to take shape of a hand before a small piece broke off and formed into a second hand and the just floated there for a moment.

"What the fuck?" He said under his breath before they went to grab his belt.

They began to unbuckle his belt and unzip his pants leaving him there with his underwear exposed. One of the hands gently caressed the bulge in the cloth which sent a chill down Ray's spine as he was a little confused and frightened but also curious at the same time.

The two hands grabbed his underwear sliding them off leaving his half stiff member exposed to the air as he became more nervous and unsure of what was about to happen. One of the hands touched the tip of his cock before sliding down his shaft and along the front of his ball sack. The sensation made him jump as it was almost hard to describe the feeling.

The mist was warm and soft like his cock was being massaged by a feather. Both hands began to gently stroke his member and the feeling was incredible as he bucked his hips a few times at the sensation. One of the hands wrapped around his shaft and began to stroke it a little but it was strange because it was not a strong grip so even though it felt amazing he wasn't sure if he could actually get off like this but he decided to relax for now and enjoy the sensation.

This whole situation seemed odd but his cock had never felt better as these gentle clouds continued to pleasure him. The fingers massaged his shaft before gently stroking his balls and the area beneath which made him moan out loud. Little bits of pre-cum began to drip from his cock as the mist continued to stroke him.

"Oh fuck!" He yelled out as the sensation was almost becoming too much.

Ray wanted to cum but he also wasn't sure if he wanted this to stop yet. It was like being in a purgatory of pleasure as he wanted to finish but also didn't. Every stroke felt amazing and he knew whenever he did cum it was going to be amazing but he was starting to get impatient.

"Shit... oh fuck!" he yelled out again. "Just... just fucking finish already!" He said begging for release as the mist reacted.

Saying these words the hands suddenly stopped. His cock was rock hard and still dripping as he looked down at the hands as they began to change again. A small tendril came out of both of them connecting them together before expanding as if it were forming a body. He watched as there was suddenly some sort of purple phantom with red eyes and a large mouth floating above his cock. There were no legs just a body that came to a point beneath him.

"What the..." he asked as the thing started to laugh a little before it lowered itself back down towards his cock.

It began to float around in a circle getting faster and faster before there was a purple whirling wind surrounding his penis. The sensation was amazing but he was also starting to worry about what this thing was and what it was planning to do. The pleasure was so intense he gripped the sheets beneath him bucking his hips as his cock was now the prisoner of this intense tornado surrounding it.

He felt something pull on his cock as it went from leaning up towards his face to standing straight up in the air. He watched as the whirling purple mist began to form a new funnel right at his tip and he watched in horror as the creature began to flow into he cock. It was a strange feeling as the mist flowed down his shaft and inside his cock. He was frightened but had no way of stopping what was happening to him. He tried to wave his hands dispersing the mist but it was no use as it was suddenly gone.

"Oh fuck... oh fuck!" He said in a panic as his cock stood there looking a little bigger than usual.

After a few seconds, his cock began to twitch a little. It spasmed ever so slightly until they became more constant as he felt something wiggling around inside it. He couldn't deny that it felt good but he was still in a panic as something had possessed his cock and was in complete control of it.

He tried to get up but his cock spasmed again causing him to fall back to the bed. He felt his balls moving a little as if they were being massaged from the inside as his shaft began to vibrate a little making him moan out loud. Whatever this thing was it had control of everything including the nerves and was basically going to make him cum from the inside.

He bucked his hips as the foreskin began to move sporadically as he felt pleasure he didn't think was possible. He began to yell as his cock whipped back and forth like it had a mind of his own until he felt his cum starting to rise. He grabbed the sheets and held his breath as he felt his cock erupt as gallons of a purple slimy liquid came squirting out of his cock.

The orgasm was stronger than anything he had ever felt before and every time it stopped another few gallons would come billowing out of him. His whole bed was stained with this slimy purple cum but it didn't matter because it was not stopping. Over and over again his cock would burst more of this stuff and not let up. He wasn't sure how long this went on for but eventually, his body gave out and everything went dark. 

When he awoke it was many hours later as the sun had gone down. He was laying on the floor as his blankets and clothes were stained with dried dark purple cum. His hardwood floor also had quite a few dried up puddles as well as he pulled himself up.

His shirt and pants were covered as well as he stripped down. He threw it all in the hamper as he went into the bathroom to get cleaned up thinking he'd throw everything in the wash after. He looked down at his cock which was flaccid which he was relieved to see before stepping into the warm water. 

Luckily the purple goop washed off his skin fairly easily is it made a whirlpool of color around the drain. He began to think about what had happened and despite the horrible mess it made that he now had to clean up it did actually feel amazing. His cock also seemed to be back to normal as well as he glanced down and cleaned it up a little with some soap.

"Maybe we should read the warnings next time," he said with a chuckle before he suddenly heard what sounded like a laugh coming from beneath him.

He froze in the water remembering that laugh from earlier as he looked back down and saw his cock getting hard again as it began to pulse. Standing there with a horrified look on his face he felt the same movement inside that he had earlier as he saw his balls begin to wiggle on their own before his cock began to twitch again uncontrollably causing him to fall to the tub floor.

"Oh fuck!" He said as his penis whipped back and forth a few times causing panic and intense pleasure at the same time.

The foreskin began to move again sliding up and down massaging the head of his cock a little before his cock leaned towards his face. It stopped moving for a moment before the skin began forming what looked like a smile at him. It then began to laugh again which felt very strange and then began wiggling uncontrollably spitting more purple goo all over the shower stall in fountains of slime causing intense pleasure with every squirt.