 Ray had shut himself in the bathroom after retrieving the book as quickly as he could from the bedroom. His cock wiggled and spewed countless times and each time it felt amazing despite the fact he wanted it to stop. He looked through the book trying to find a way to expel the creature but it was hard to concentrate as he was forced to experience orgasms every few moments.

He had finally come across something he thought might work but he wasn't sure. The books seemed to be written in riddles in order to confuse whoever used it. He also began to understand why the woman at the shop was so eager to give it to him.

As he spoke the words his cock seemed to stop for a moment. It was still erect as purple goo dripped from it but something was going on. He looked down at his penis as began to twitch again but something felt different this time. Purple goo began to drip out of him again but also what looked like yellow goo as well. His cock spasmed a few more times as the different colored cum spewed forth until he saw a yellow mist come flowing out of his cock.

Once the orgasm finished he looked up seeing a creature that looked exactly like the one that had possessed him but it was bright yellow instead of a deep colored purple. It flew off disappearing through the door but before he could chase after it he realized his cock was still possessed and that all he had done was create another.

"Fuck!" He yelled out as his cock wiggled again keeping him in a constant state of erotic pleasurable horror.

---------------

Tiffany had just gotten home from her morning run and walked into her apartment. She was wearing a sports bra and shorts covered with sweat as she removed her headphones and dropped them on the table along with her keys. Giving her body a stretch she headed for the bedroom to strip down before taking a shower.

She walked in and began to slide off her sweaty workout gear not noticing the strange yellow mist that seemed to be watching her do so. Her skin glistened with sweat as it dripped off her toned body. She pulled the elastic out of her hair letting the amber locks fall as they were soaking wet.

Tiffany was about to head for the bathroom but she pulled out a pair of lingerie and placed it on the bed. She left it there and headed off shutting the bathroom door behind her still not seeing the must floating around the bedroom that was now floating above her lingerie examining it closely.

Tiffany finished up in the shower and wrapped herself in a towel. She opened the door and stepped out as she began to rub herself down making sure she wasn't still wet before dropping the towel in the hamper and walking over to her bed. The lingerie was still right where she left it as she grabbed the black panties and slid her feet through the holes.

The moment she did that her panties rushed up her legs out of her hands and settled snug between her legs. She was startled for a moment not sure what had just happened when she began to feel something strange happening. Something was brushing against her clit almost massaging it as the cloth seemed to tighten around her until it was nice and snug before it continued to poke at her.

"What the hell?" She said as her knees began to buckle as she fell to the bed feeling a very pleasurable sensation down there. "Fuck, what the... shit!"

She reached down and tried to pull them off but they would not budge. She couldn't her fingers under the fabric and when she tried to pinch it to pull it off she pinched her skin as well. She was starting to panic a little as the motions grew stronger like something was sucking on her clit making her moan out not sure what to do as she laid back against the mattress.

"Fuck... stop it... oh God... please!" She said as she tried to pull herself up again despite the sensation that was happening. When she sat up the black bra suddenly flew towards her wrapping around her tits and clipping in the back. "Oh fuck no!" She said as she began to feel her nipples being played with as well.

Tiffany felt back against the mattress again as her underwear seemed to be pleasuring her a great deal. She was frightened but couldn't deny how amazing it felt as the fabric seemed to know all of her sweet spots. She even felt something inside her pussy which didn't make much sense. Whatever it was was soft and gently as it caressed her inner walls making her moan out louder bucking her hips wildly as the pleasure increased.

"Fuck... fuck!" She yelled as her pussy began to spasm uncontrollably while her bra gently stroked her nipples giving her a very intense orgasm that made her soak through the cloth underwear.

After a moment it finally stopped and she laid there breathing heavily. After a few seconds, she jumped up and pulled off the possessed underwear throwing them in a plastic bag and tying it shut. They were soaking wet with a slimy liquid that had let a little bit of residue on her fingers but she was just glad the ordeal was over.

Looking down at herself she grabbed the towel and started wiping the fluids off of her which seemed to be yellowish as it stained the towel as she wiped. She was still unsure of what had just happened but suddenly she felt something very strange between her legs.

She froze not sure what had just happened until she looked down and saw the lips of her pussy moving. Her eye's widened in horror until a slimy tongue slithers out of it and curled up licking her clit making her fall on her butt as she began to moan against her will unable to deny how amazing this felt.

"WHAT THE FUCK!" she screamed in terror as her pussy had come to life and was dripping with yellow goo.

Suddenly her breasts began to start pulsing as well like something was caressing them. The same yellowish ooze began to dribble from her nipples as well as she grabbed them trying to force them to stop. Her hands became slippery as nothing she did could stop them from moving on their own. The tongue in her pussy continued to pleasure her clit while sliding in and out which was going to make her cum again any second as she had no choice but to endure the pleasure that was about to happen.

"Fu... Fuck!" She yelled as both her pussy and nipples began to squirt the yellow slime which felt amazing but unnatural at the same time.

Laying on the floor she was covered in a thin slimy liquid and nothing was happening but before she could breathe a sigh of relief her privates weren't done yet as they all began to pulse and wiggle once more. The tongue reached around under her and began to lick her asshole as well and she soon realized she could do nothing but endure whatever this was happening to her.