 Ray's penis continued to spasm uncontrollably. In his attempt to rid himself of this creature that had taken over his sex organ he had created a second one that had escaped to attack another and now he began to notice a different color come dripping out of him.

This time his slimy cum had turned green as the third incarnation of this thing had now been born and had come spewing out if him. The cloud of green mist floated in the air before disappearing through the door off to attack whoever it could find.

"God Dammit, fucking stop!" He yelled out as his cock wiggled violently before it became still.

"Have you learned your lesson?" His penis spoke in a female voice.

"Wait, what?" He asked before it began to twitch again.

He looked down and saw his member wiggle and move once again before it began spewing once more but this time much harder and much more fluid than before as all the purple goo began to form a mound on the bathroom floor in front of him. As the blob grew taller it began to change shape sprouting arms and a head before it solidified.

"Holy... Who?" He asked laying on the tile floor as he looked up and saw this beautiful woman with pointed ears standing in front of him while the purple goo formed a dressed around her shapely body.

"I am Siora, and you must be the foolish mortal that decided he could handle my book!"

"I... Can you help me?"

"Help you? Ha!" She said holding up her hand while his cock suddenly stood straight up and began to throb under her power. "I still have to teach you a lesson."

--------------------

Justen was sitting in his living room playing a game on his console. He was home alone and wasn't paying too much attention to what was going on around him so he didn't notice the little green cloud that had wiggled under the door and was floating towards him.

The green cloud slid across the floor and up his pant leg without him noticing at first but soon he began to feel something strange and soft in his crotch gently rubbing him. It was very mild at first but soon he began to wonder what was going on as he dropped his controller and opened up his pants.

"The fuck!" He said as he saw this green mist floating around his cock.

He quickly got up and waved his hands dispursing it as he stood there and backed away. His cock had become erect but he quickly zipped his pants back up and buckled his belt as he looked around confused by what had just happened. Soon the green cloud began to reform in front of him but it looked more like a long tendril now floating in the air.

Justen was freaked out now as he ran to his bedroom shutting the door behind him. He soon realized this was a stupid move as he was now trapped but he hoped maybe he would be alright. These thoughts soon dispersed as he saw the green smoke roll under his door before reforming into the green snakelike cloud in front of him.

"Shit, what do you want?" He asked as it just floated there for a moment until the head of it pointed down towards his crotch. "Oh fuck!" He said covering his crotch with his hands but it was no use as it lunged toward him and flowed into his jeans.

Justen fell back against the bed feeling the strange soft feeling around his cock as it almost tickled. He felt his belt open up as he looked down and saw his pants seemingly come to life and strip off of him. His button popped open and his jeans unzipped themselves leaving his underwear out in the open before they slid themselves off as well.

Justen laid there on his bed with his cock out feeling frightened and vulnerable as the green smoke started to flow out of his pants and reform into that tendril floating above his cock. His heart was racing as he wasn't sure what this thing was or its fascination with his penis but soon it began to snake around his shaft.

"What the... Hell?" He said as it was very soft and felt very nice as it gently slid across his skin.

Whatever this thing was seemed to be playing with his penis and it felt incredible. It would wrap around his cock and then spin around it in circles until he let out a moan. At one point it began to brush against his balls which sent a shiver down his spine as he bucked his hips a little. Every touch was amazing and his fears began to subside as he enjoyed what was happening.

"Holy shit, this feels so fucking good," he said as it seemed to get excited by his words and continue to rub against his member.

Justen moaned as this cloud snake had its way with his cock. It wrapped around his shaft as the bottom wrapped around the base of his balls. It felt like the smoke was moving but it wasn't to the naked age but it was an amazing feeling. The tip at the bottom began to gently tickly right under his nuts which made him jump and moan loudly. It eventually split into two tips as one of them even began to tickle his asshole a little.

"Fuck!" He yelled out before the head of the tendril began to rub the head of his cock. It rubbed the soft spot just under his tip making him grip the sheets beneath him and breathe heavily as he had never felt anything this good before. "Fuck, shit, oh God don't fucking stop!" He yelled bucking his hips in the airs as the snake touched all of his pleasure points.

Within seconds he felt his cock blow and his white thick cum began to squirt all over his stomach. The tendril continued to pleasure him until he was done which lasted longer than he was expecting. Once it finally stopped the smoke unwrapped itself from his deflating member. 

Justen looked down as he was covered in sweat and breathing heavily as it flowed towards the puddle of cum on his stomach. Curious he watched as it seemed to touch the puddle which went from white to green before it was all sucked up into the cloud disappearing inside it.

"Wow, clean up as well, what else can you do?" He asked half joking but also a little curious as well.

The smoke snake looked up at him before it turned back towards his half hard cock. Justen was once again curious but nervous as it began to stroke his member again which was actually getting hard once more. He was surprised it was working but his penis was fully erect again and already dripping with precum as the snake began to gently tickle the tip of his cock again.

"Shit, that feels... Wait... Wait what are you?" He asked as he saw the smokey tendril begin to enter his penis flowing into his shaft and disappearing before he could protest.

Justen sat up looking down at his member which began to twitch. He felt that same soft touch but it was inside his member which felt very weird but also amazing. He saw his balls move inside his sack like someone was playing with them while his shaft wiggled.

"FUCK!" he screamed as it began to massage every nerve in his penis causing pleasure he almost couldn't handle.

His precum had turned green as it dripped from his tip. The sensations would speed up and then slow down like it wanted him to enjoy every second of this. He spread his legs and grabbed his headboard is he wasn't sure what to do as his penis went insane with pleasure. Feeling his cock move on its own like this was both frightening and also extremely pleasurable.

Justen let our a scream lifting his pelvis into the air as his cock erupted green cum so hard that it hit the ceiling and came dripping down on top of him. His cock kept squirting over and over and it was the most intense orgasm he had ever felt in his life and it wasn't stopping yet. His cock didn't feel normal almost like it was made of jello as it was able to move and bend much more than before.

When it finally subsided he was laying there covered in slimy green cum for a few moments. Justen breathed a sigh of relief but soon the smoke began to move around inside his penis again.

"Wait... Shit... Not again?" He begged as he looked down at his penis moving and wiggling again but now he was worried as the skin was starting to turn green like the creature was starting to bond permanently with his sexual organ. "Oh shit, no!"