 Nessira opened her eyes seeing the sun shining through her window. She heard birds chirping and the fresh air smelled of flowers as she stretched almost forgetting recent events as she sat up. She looked around confused to see the bedroom of her house back on Raven Hill. She was surprised by this as she looked over and saw Sebastian laying in bed next to her as he opened his eyes and smiled up at her. Her jaw dropped seeing the man she loved as he stretched as well waking up and looking over at her with that smile that always gave her goosebumps.

"Good Morning my love." He said as he sat up and gave her a kiss.

"Sebastian? Is it, is it really you? Are you really here?"

"Where else would I be."

Not knowing exactly what was happening or what she was seeing she wrapped her arms around him holding him tightly as tears began to run down her face. She began to think this may be a dream but it didn't matter, all that mattered was he was in her arms again.

"I've missed you so much."

"I am always with you Nessira."

"But, how is this..." She said as she touched his face feeling his skin under her hand.

He placed his hand on hers before kissing her palm. His lips on her hand made her body tremble as she remembered how much she enjoyed his touch. This all seemed very strange to her and she wasn't sure exactly what was happening but it was a moment she didn't want to let go of.

"Nessira, why did you kill him?" He asked pulling away a little looking into her eyes.

"The man from last night?"

"And the others."

"They..." She said feeling a little ashamed. "need to pay, they all need to pay for what they did to you, and to us."

"But, you are so much more than that, so much better, I don't want to see you go down this dark path."

"My path was destroyed, it died with you."

"Please Nessira, come back to the light."

"I want to, I want nothing more than to have you in my arms again, our time was too short and now there is this fire in me that cannot be extinguished, not yet at least, I cannot be the person you loved in a world without you in it."

"You can do so much more than you think you can."

"I... I am sorry, I miss you, I miss you so much!"

"I know, I miss you as well."

"I have to do this, I just hope you can forgive me."

Nessira, no matter what happens, or what you do, I love you, I will always love you."

"But it hurts, it hurts so bad without you here with me."

"I know it does, if it had been you taken and I left alive, I honestly don't know if I would react any differently, so do what you need to do, but please just promise me something."

"Anything Sebastian."

"Once you have put out the fire, don't be afraid of the light, don't be afraid of love."

"I will never love anyone but you."

"Maybe someday, some way, we will be together again, if not though, find a way to be that woman I love, be the healer and the lover again, be happy."

"I should have been there, I should have saved you!"

He gave her a smile before he said: "that day it was my job to save you, and I did, but enough of that, I am here now, let's enjoy our time together." He said kissing her as she laid down on the bed feeling him on top of her.

He was the only man she ever let be on top as he had his way with her. She never saw him as a meal or anything other than the man she loved. Sex with him was her sharing herself and the pleasure was always nothing like she had felt before. She had charmed him so she could not feed even if she wanted to which made it fun for her to explore her sexuality without the body count.

She felt his cock inside her and felt his breath on her neck as he kissed it. It was a bit if a blur but all that mattered was the pleasure as his body pressed against hers. She wrapped her legs around him not wanting to ever let him go as his thrust himself into her.

"Oh Sebastian, oh yes!" She cried out as her arms wrapped around his neck.

It all felt so real that it made her question what was really going on. She could feel his skin, she could smell him, she could taste him. This was all too real just to be a dream. It made her wonder about a few things but soon all that mattered was the moment there were sharing as he brought her to orgasm better than any man ever had. She felt his cum squirting inside her as it was warm and filled her. It was a moment she begged not to end.

She looked up at him again as he placed his hand on her cheek and smiled before pressing his lips to hers. She could still taste him and it was just as she remembered it. This moment, this fantasy, this dream, whatever it was she didn't care as it was just a gift that she held onto as long as she could.

"Sebastian, is this real, or is it just in my head?" She asked almost afraid of the answer.

With a smile, he replied: "does the answer truly matter, and does it make it any less real?"

Nessira gave his response some thought. She began to wonder what sort of magic was afoot here and if someone was tormenting her with images of her dead lover but also feeling like they were a gift as well. Her eyes began to well up a little as she closed them only to open them and find herself back in the empty bed where she had killed Jeremiah the night before.

She frantically looked around the room feeling that same heartbreak she had felt before when she realized Sebastian was gone. She began to sob uncontrollably falling out of the bed to the floor as she sprouted her wings. She held herself tightly as she began to cry on the floor not caring who heard her.

"I can't do it, I can't go on without you!"

She sat there for a long time when an idea popped into her head. It was dangerous and risky but she was at a point of desperation. She knew if Lilith found out she would be very upset with her. She had not seen her since the day she destroyed her hometown out of grief and her mother came to comfort her but now she was starting to feel angry feeling she should have saved him and stopped it all from happening to begin with.

She looked up feeling this pain before she screamed out her anger. Everyone in the town heard the banshee-like screams that did not sound human as they all suddenly saw the wood and straw roof of a house explode and a winged creature fly into the air gazing down at all of them. She had glowing red eyes and looked like a demon as she glanced all over until she saw a young woman standing in the street looking up at her in horror. 

She could smell her virginity and decided she would be useful. She swooped down and snatched her before flying off into the distance not caring that everyone could see her in broad daylight. The woman screamed as she was carried miles away from her home deep into the forest unaware of what this creature had planned for her.