 A young man named Jake had just strolled into the shop hoping to find something interesting to help spice things up with him and his wife. He assumed it was a normal sex toy shop but when he walked in he was a little confused at what he was looking at as the whole place seemed to have nothing he had been looking for.

"Good afternoon, may I help you?" Nessira asked as she walked out from behind a fixture to surprise her customer like she usually does.

"Oh, hi, I um... I think I'm in the wrong place?"

"Why do you say that?"

"I thought this was more of a...... Well,"

"Sex shop, yeah we are."

"Oh, well it's just, not what I was expecting."

"Well, why don't you tell me what you are looking for?"

"Well, I was looking for something in the, video department."

"Oh, I see, follow me." She said leading him over to the counter before she went around behind and pulled out a box filled with what appeared to be porn videos. "Is this more to your liking?"

"I've never heard on any of these before, but they do look interesting, any suggestions?"

Nessira looked through the box and saw one that she knew would be perfect for him as she took it out and handed it to him. "I think you and your wife will really enjoy this one."

"I didn't say I was married?"

"Well I assume that ring on your finger isn't just there for decoration, I'm guessing you are looking to spice things up a bit in the bedroom?"

"Actually, yeah."

"Then this is definitely the one for you!"

"A Night with Tinera?" He said seeing the sexy red skinned she-demon on the cover.

"She is a demon of lust, I think she can light a fire in your love life."

"I dunno, I'm not really into all that supernatural porn stuff."

"Well give it a shot, you do know about our satisfaction guarantee right?" She said pointing up at the sign behind her.

"Really, so if I'm not happy I get my money back?"

"100% guarantee, trust me, you and her will love this video."

"Well, what the hell," he said placing the video on the counter and taking out his wallet to pay for it 

Nessira placed in a bag for him as he turned and left the shop heading home. She watched him drive away smiling like she usually did knowing what Tinera would do to the both of them. The thought of it turned her on as she thought about her own lover waiting to see him later.

------

Jake got home and threw the DVD on the bed as he took off his jacket. He examined the case a little as there wasn't a lot of information it. He opened the DVD player and placed it inside but got an idea before he turned it on. He knew his wife Amy would be home in about 20 minutes so he decided to run to the store and get some candles, maybe even a bottle of champagne to try to make an evening out of it.

He grabbed his keys and ran back out leaving the TV off and hoping he would be back before she got home. The moment he left the TV seemed to turn on by itself followed by the DVD player turning on as well.

Amy had just walked into the house dropping her laptop bag on the table and letting her brunette hair down. It had been a long day and she was tired and sore as she walked into the bedroom and took off her shoes. She was wearing black khaki pants and a white button up as she began to get changed. She slid off her pants and stood there wearing black panties, her button up shirt and dark stalkings not realizing the TV was on. She took off her watch placing it on the nightstand as she bent over to plug her phone in the charger when she suddenly heard a woman's voice behind her.

"Very nice."

"What the hell?" Amy said standing back up to see a red skinned woman with dark hair and wings on the TV sitting on a black leather sofa gently touching herself. 

"Are you ready for an evening with Tinera?" Tinera asked as Amy looked down and saw the empty case on the bed.

"Really Jake," she said with a chuckle.

She knew he had been trying to find ways to spice up their love life but she had to laugh a little at what she was seeing on the TV at the moment. She watched as this demon woman continued to gently touch herself feeling her nipples as they were bare with nothing covering her at all. She sat down on the bed and continued to watch actually impressed with the makeup work she assumed was done on this woman.

"Now that you are comfortable we can begin," Tinera said as Amy was a little surprised she said it when she did but continued to watch. "I am Tinera, the demon of lust." She said licking her teeth with the word lust, "and I am going to show you things, things that will make you rethink your sexuality, rethink what turns you on, what disgusts you, I will make you let go of the foolish rules you have placed on yourself, and awaken your inner, sexual, beast!" She continued as her eyes flashed red for a moment.

Amy watched applauding the effort that went into making this video but she was finding it hard to take it seriously. She did, however, find herself getting a little turned on as she watched it. It was mild at first but as Tenira continued to touch herself as Amy found herself rubbing her legs together as her pussy started to feel a little wet and was getting a bit sensitive.

"That's it, let yourself go, be free of the shackles of your sexual repression," Tinera said as Amy continued to get even more aroused not realizing exactly what was happening to her. "Take off your clothes, feel the freedom as your skin touches the air around you."

Amy continued to watch as she started to slowly remove her shirt until she was just sitting there in a black bra and panties with her stalkings still up against her legs as well. Tinera began to examine the woman in front of her as she remained unaware of what was really going on. Tinera realized that Amy was very attractive but she wanted to get a closer look and awaken her primal desires.

Amy began to rub her hands all over herself as she was suddenly being filled with a strange lust that was slowly taking her over. Her bra seemed to pop open by itself before she slid it off and threw it before she began to feel her breasts playing with her nipples before she slid off her panties and began to gently rub the front of her slit.

"That's a good girl," Tinera said with a smile watching Amy giving into the spell she was putting her under.

Amy continued to play with herself and did not notice the two strange smokey tendrils that seemed to be coming out of the television towards her. Her eyes were closed as she continued to shove her fingers between her legs feeling the wet and warm fluids start to moisten between them. The tendrils gently caressed her legs working there way up before slowly wrapping around her waist as she continued to frantically masturbate. Two more wrapped around her ankles and without any warning, she was pulled towards the television disappearing completely.

----

Jake pulled into the driveway seeing Amy's car there excited that she was home. He grabbed the bags he had purchased and quickly entered the house shutting the door behind him. He placed the bags down on the kitchen table before he began to look around for his wife.

He walked into the bedroom seeing Amy's clothes everywhere and heard moans of passion on the TV. He noticed the bathroom door was shut so he figured maybe she was in there but was turned on a bit that she had started watching the video without him. 

"Hey Amy, I know it's a little weird but what do you think?" He called towards the bathroom door before he laid down on the bed unsure why she hadn't answered him.

As he watched the TV he saw Tinera on a leather sofa seemingly having her way with a woman. Their moans grew louder as she had her bent over the couch and was licking her pussy and her ass making her yell out her lust. She looked at the camera smiling at Jake as she took two if her fingers and shoved it into the brunettes dripping pussy making her moan out loud. He couldn't see the woman's face but was mesmerized by what he was watching. Tinera pulled out her fingers smelling them a little before she stood up. Jake saw a long red tail sticking out from her backside at the base of her spine and it seemed to move on its own wiggling a little before it slithers between her legs and into the pussy of the woman she was with.

"Wow, great effects." He said getting even more aroused.

Tinera grabbed the hair of the woman in front of her pulling her back towards her as she continued to shove her tail into the woman's dripping pussy. She looked back at Jake smiling and licking her lips before he grabbed the woman and a pun her around making her face the camera. 

Jake was still enjoying it for a moment until he suddenly saw something that was a bit shocking to him. As he watched the video he began to recognize the woman being fucked. He rubbed his eyes a little knowing it couldn't be her but the more he watched the more he realized that it was Amy on the video.

He got out of bed and opened the bathroom door seeing it empty as he turned back and said: "Amy?" Where are you?"

"Haha, she's right here big boy!" He hears Tinera say through the TV as she continued to fuck his wife with her Demonic tail making her squirm and scream.

"What the fuck is going on here?"

"Lay down on the bed."

"I said what the fuck......" He stopped as he was suddenly forced down on the bed by some invisible hand.

"That's better, now I need to see what you have to work with." She said as Jake noticed his pants begin to open up on their own before sliding down his legs quickly followed by his underwear. "Ah, not bad, but Amy here deserves better don't you think?" She said pulling Amy's hair pulling her up towards her as she began to lick her ear and kiss the side of her neck. "I need to know you are worthy of my pet here, she deserves to be fucked by a real man, or woman, and right now I don't know if you have what it takes."

Jake struggled but soon realized he couldn't move at all before he said: "please don't hurt her!"

"Does it look like I am hurting her, I am awakening her inner sexual beast, when I am done with her she may be even too much for you, maybe I will help you with that or maybe I won't," Tinera said as she continued to lick the skin of Amy making Jake watch as he violated her with her tail. "She tastes so good, and smells incredible, you are not worthy to fuck such a beautiful creature," she said as he noticed Amy's eyes seemed to be glowing a strange yellow color looking almost like an animal or something.

"What are you doing to her?"

"The question you should be asking is what am going to do with you?" She said with a laugh as his cock began to twitch a little feeling very strange all of a sudden. 

Jake still couldn't move and his cock felt very odd as it continued to twitch more and more. It felt strange but also felt very pleasurable as every jolt sent a strange feeling through his body as hit tip began to shine as precum dribbled out. It was then he realized his cock had grown a little. He was fairly well endowed before but it was suddenly about two inches longer and the girth was thicker as well.

"There we go, I will decide if you are worthy to fuck little Amy here, you have to prove to me how hard you are willing to fight for her and if I am satisfied then maybe I will give her back to you, but if I am not then she is mine to do with as I please forever!" Tinera said with a laugh as she suddenly crawled out of the TV screen and was crawling up towards him.

Jake was confused and even a little horrified by what was happening. He looked at the TV and saw Amy laying on the leather sofa frantically masturbating as if she was in some sort of sexual trance. He looked at the demonic woman above him examining his swollen member as she waved her hand and removed whatever strange magic was holding him to the mattress. He jumped up and placed his hands on the TV unable to enter.

"I told you what you have to do." She said getting comfortable on the bed and spreading her legs to show off her dark red pussy lips to him. "Now, please me and fight for your wife's freedom!"

Jake soon realized he had no choice as he looked back at the screen at Amy still pleasuring herself. He looked over at Tinera and moved towards her as she smiled at him licking her lips with a forked tongue. He looked her over seeing her tail sticking out from under her resting there beneath her entrance as he moved his face close to her pussy and began to lick it sucking on her clit and sticking his fingers up inside while he continued to tease her with his tongue.

"This is nice, but I am afraid you will have to do better than that." She said as he tried even harder to please his wife's captor.

He began to shove his tongue deeper inside her along with his fingers adding another for a total of three in there. Tinera Let out a moan a little impressed at how hard he was trying but she still wanted more. Jake saw her tail wiggling beneath them both and grabbed it making her jump a little not sure what he was doing. He began to stroke it a little to see if she liked it because when he saw her fucking his wife with it he wonders if it gave her pleasure.

Tinera let out a moan as she was enjoying him stroking her tail. She was surprised by his imagination as she enjoyed the sensation if him still working in her pussy as well. Jake was doing everything he could think of trying to please this demon in his bed. He could hear Amy's moans from the TV and used it as fuel to try to get Tinera off to her satisfaction.

"Not bad mortal," she said half mockingly, "but what else have you got?"

Jake lifted his head to look at her smiling face. He grabbed her legs and slid her towards him as she let him have his way more curious about what he was willing to do to her. He grabbed her ass and motioned for her to turn over which she did with ease as he got a look at her ass. As fucked up as this all was he couldn't help but admire how amazing it looked as he got on his knees and moved up behind her. He teased her dripping pussy a few more times with his fingers before grabbing her ass and shoving his cock inside her.

Tinera let out a shocked moan a little surprised by how rough he was trying to be with her. Her tail was sticking up like a cats as she wrapped it around his waist while he continued to fuck her from behind. He reached around and grabbed her breasts squeezing them in his hands and noticing how soft and plump they were. As inhuman as this woman was he couldn't fight the sexual attraction he had towards her.

As he continued to fuck her, her moans filled him with hope that it would be enough to get his wife back. He was starting to enjoy himself until he felt her tail unwrap itself and begin to explore his backside. He felt the tip of it gently caress his asshole and he tightened up not wanting her to do what he thought she was going to do.

"Now now, you have to give me what I want, and this can be as painful or as pleasurable as you let it." She said still teasing his ass.

Jake didn't want to but he felt he had no choice as he relaxed his ass and let out a yell as her tail shoved its way inside him. It hurt at first but soon he found it was actually enhancing the pleasure he was feeling. It was strange and a little uncomfortable but he found himself moaning louder as it continued.

He rested his head against the back of her shoulder kissing her neck and sucking on her skin. They both let out moans of pleasure as they were both reaching their climax. Jake was lost in the feeling as her skin was warm and soft against his while her breasts were still in his hands. Her wings had been outstretched as she tried to keep them out of the way as Jake slid his hand down and began to play with her clit while still shoving his cock as deep as it would go.

"Is that all you got you pussy?" She said teasing him.

In anger, he grabbed her hair and pulled her head back towards him with some force as he shoved his cock even harder. She let out an amused laugh as he got more aggressive. He pulled both his arms back and wrapped them around the base if her wings almost like an armbar pulling her towards him even more. She let out a shocked moan as he jaw dropped at the sensation. Like her tail, her wings were also very sensitive and his roughness with them was adding to her pleasure as she started to rhythmically moan until she let out a scream that hurt Jakes ears.

A warm fluid began to spray from her pussy all over Jakes cock making him cum as well with a force he didn't feel was possible as he held on to her. The tail that was still shoved in his ass suddenly began to spray something as well which seemed to travel all the way into his balls mixing with his semen and making him cum again even harder as he yelled out his pleasure at the top of his lungs. His head got foggy as the sensation was almost too much before he loosened his grip and fell to the mattress unconscious as everything went dark.

------------

He wasn't sure how long he was out but as he opened his eyes everything was fuzzy. It took him a few minutes for his eyes to focus as he sat up and saw someone in bed next to him. At first, he thought maybe it was still Tinera but the more he blinked he soon realized she had more human colored skin. She was laying on her side with her head leaning on her head staring at him with a big smile as he finally realized it was Amy.

"Amy, is that you?"

"In the flesh." She said leaning closer and kissing him.

"But what.... What happened"

"Looks like you did a good job because she let me go."

"I am so sorry, I never should have bought that....." He stopped as she pressed her lips to his again climbing on top of him.

"I want you, I need you so fucking bad right now!" She said in a sexy whisper as she grinded against his cock getting him turned on.

They were both still naked and he couldn't help but want her as much as she wanted him. His slid his hands up her sides before cupping her breasts making her moan as she tilted her head back. The harder his cock got the more she teased him until it was thick enough to slide inside her with ease. 

The moment he entered her he let out a moan at the feeling. He was just happy to have Amy back and have her here in bed. This was what he wanted when he bought the video and now everything seemed right. The TV was off which he was relieved about because he didn't really want Tinera interfering again but in the back of his mind something seemed off about everything. He didn't think too hard about it though as he was enjoying his wife on top of him.

"Oh yeah, that's it Baby!" She moaned out as she continued to ride his cock.

She looked down at him and he noticed something a little strange. Her eyes still looked yellow like they did when she was stuck in the video. He thought maybe he was seeing things at first but they didn't look like the normal hazel color of his wife's before today.

"Amy,..... You feeling okay?"

"Oh yeah, just keep fucking me," she said moving even faster.

She leaned down pressing her lips to his laying on top of him. He couldn't help the feeling he was experiencing as her pussy tightened around his cock making him moan out even louder. As amazing as this all was he knew something was wrong but he wasn't sure what it was and he was also in no position to do anything about it at the moment.

He suddenly felt something strange that both bothered him and excited him at the same time. Something had brushed against his ass beneath his balls but he wasn't sure what it was. He glanced over Amy's shoulder and saw a tail sticking out from the base of her spine as he stared at it in horror.

"Oh God, Amy, what happened to you?"

She sat back up staring at him with those crazy yellow eye's and said: "I have a message from Tinera, she said I hope you like what I did to your wife."

