 Jake awoke the next morning not sure what had happened. He felt like he had been hit by a car but as he focused he noticed Amy laying in bed resting her head on his chest asleep. He lifted up the covers to get a look at her and she seemed normal. Her skin was its natural color, there was no sign of wings or a tail so everything seemed to be back to normal.

"Hmm, I'm cold," she said half awake as he put the covers back down on her.

"Sorry Honey," he said breathing a sigh of relief thinking maybe it was all a dream.

She adjusted herself getting even more comfortable with him as she didn't seem ready to get up yet. He wrapped his arm around her holding her tightly feeling better about what had happened and glad she was herself again.

They stayed in bed a little longer before finally getting up. Amy grabbed a bathrobe and walked out into the kitchen turning on the coffee machine. It was Saturday so there wasn't much going on but he still watched her making sure she was alright because even though he was sure it was a dream he was still a bit concerned. 

He watched as she went through all her usual morning routines even stopping a few times to say "what the hell are you doing?" As she was curious as to why he kept staring at her.

"Nothing," he said looking away as she went about her usual routine. After a little while, he finally said: "hey, let's go out for breakfast,"

"Ooh, I like the way you think, okay let's just take a quick shower and head to the diner," she said with a chipper smile as he followed her to the bathroom.

The whole time they were showering he kept examining her body. It seemed perfectly normal except it also looked incredible. She was always an attractive woman but something about her just seemed perfect as he continued to wash up. The more he examined her it was starting to show as his member began to stiffen a little.

"Well, good morning," Amy said seeing his erection.

"Sorry, just you look so good today,"

"And I don't other days?"

"That's not what I meant,"

"Ha, well maybe later I can help solve this little problem," she said gently stroking his cock with her finger before giving him a gentle kiss on the lips and climbing out if the shower.

Jake was happy finally convincing himself that everything was fine and back to normal. As they went to breakfast they sat down at their usual table and ordered a few coffees while they both looked at the menu. He glanced at the options as he looked over at Amy who was glancing at hers as well. She looked up and smiled at him before returning to the menu and everything seem great.

As Jake continued to read he didn't notice Amy slipping off one of her shoes underneath the table. He didn't notice anything until he suddenly felt something caress his inner thigh. He looked up at Amy who smiled at him again but went back to the menu as she continued to gently caress him with her foot. There was a tablecloth so nobody else in the diner could see what was happening but soon things got a little more intense.

Jake felt her foot moving closer to his crotch and soon she was pressing her foot against the growing bulge in his pants gently rubbing it with her toes and he couldn't help but enjoy the sensation as she went on. The waitress came back over and he suddenly got nervous hoping Amy would stop but she actually got more aggressive as he tried to place his order.

"I'll um... I'll have the... Ah... Breakfast special number 3 and um...oh shit."

"What was that?" The waitress said confused.

"Just some more coffee THANK... Thank you," he said handing her the menu as she turned to Amy.

"I'll have the same actually, thank you!" She said with a big smile as the waitress took the menus and walked away.

"What the hell are you doing?" He said looking over at Amy.

"Do you want me to stop?" She said as she somehow unzipped his fly and was wiggling her toes against his boxers sliding his erection out from his pants.

"Oh shit... What has gotten into you?"

"You haven't seen anything yet,"

Jake was suddenly confused by what was going on as she suddenly lowered her foot back down. He didn't know why she had pulled his cock out and he was trying desperately not to do anything that would get peoples attention but suddenly he felt something warm start to wrap around his cock from under the table.

"Oh my god!" He said suddenly seeing Amy with yellow eyes again as she smiled at him.

"You thought it was just a dream?"

"Amy, what on Earth has... Oh, God!" He said a bit louder than he wanted as he was suddenly getting jerked off by his wife's new tail that she was hiding well under her skirt.

"That's it, I told you I'd take care of it,"

"Amy, this isn't right, what did she do to you?"

"Just awakened the sexual Demon deep down in us all, and she tasked me to awaken yours as well."

"But this isn't... I just want my wife back!"

"But I never left Babe, I'm still here, still the same woman you fell in love with," she said taking his hand and gently rubbing it with her thumb. "She didn't change who I am, just what I can do,"

"But... You're... Not even... Fuck!"

"Human? Honey when you see what I can do to you it won't matter what I am anymore," she said as her tail squeezed around his cock tighter.

He wasn't sure what to think as she continued to stroke his cock. It was like nothing he had ever felt before and it felt amazing. She kept smiling and biting her lip as she too was enjoying the pleasure on his face as she brought him closer to the edge. Jake looked around thankful nobody was looking over at their table as they were all busy eating their breakfast and talking among themselves.

She slowed down and giggled before giving it one more pull as he clenched his fist and started cumming all over the floor beneath the table. He gritted his teeth and tried not to let on the pleasure he was feeling to the people around him. His orgasm seemed to be lasting longer than usual and as good as it felt he begged for it to stop as he could hear the liquid splattering against the tile floor beneath them both.

"Holy shit," he said under his breath as he finally felt her tail remove itself from his cock.

"That's it, Baby, just one more time,"

"What, what do you mean?"

"One more orgasm is all it should take, then you and I will be the same, and a whole new world of pleasure will open up to us,"

"What if I don't want to be like you?"

"Then it's going to be a very boring marriage, and I will have to find someone else to fulfill me sexually,"

"My wife would never say that!"

"Yes I would, I want you, Jake,, I need you, I need you now more than ever, my loving husband by my side forever just like we promised each other on our wedding day, but if you can't accept me like this then I will have no choice but to find someone else, but I don't want that, the process isn't painful, once we get home you and I will fuck like wild animals and awaken your inner sexual demon and then nothing else will matter, because you and I will be together!" 

"Here is your breakfast," Their waitress said coming over and placing the plates down in front of them.

"Wow this looks delicious, thank you so much!" Amy said to the waitress as she walked away before she smiled at Jake and started eating. "Please Jake, I need you,"