 The ride home from breakfast was silent as Jake drove. Amy was staring out the window with a big smile on her face enjoying the scenery and he couldn't help but marvel at her. She was still beautiful and most of the day seemed like her old self but he knew something was wrong and now he knew what she had become because of that stupid video he bought.

He was angry at himself and felt guilty as well. He felt like he had done this to her and would give anything to change her back to the way she was before. He thought about what she had said at the diner about him becoming like her after one more orgasm. The idea gave him a pit in his stomach and he truly didn't know what to do.

They pulled into the driveway and Amy got out if the car heading for the house. Jake sat there for a moment thinking about going back to the shop to see if there was a way to reverse this. The car was still running as his hand clenched the steering wheel as he got lost in his thoughts.

"Knock knock! What are you doing Honey?" Amy said knocking on his window. "Come on, we have things to do,"

"I um, I think I'm gonna go run some errands, I'll be back later okay?" He said nervously as Amy smiled at him.

She took her hand extending what looked like claws from her fingertips and popping the front tire before she said "come inside Dear," and headed into the house.

Jake was frightened as he watched her walk inside. He sat there a little longer before finally letting go of the wheel and heading for the door. Every step felt like it took forever as he wasn't sure what he was walking into before he reached for the door and opened it before stepping into the house.

He didn't see Amy anywhere so he walked over to the bedroom and peeked inside. There in the bed naked was his wife but there was someone else there as well behind her rubbing her hands all over Amy's body. When he saw the red skin he knew right away who it was as he stepped into the room trying to hide how turned on her was by what he was seeing.

"Do you like what I've done to little Amy here, I know you do, I can smell you precum from here," Tinera said as she continued to feel Amy's skin.

"Why are you doing this?"

"It's what you wanted, you wanted something that would improve your sex life, I think I delivered,"

"But you corrupted Amy, you took away the love of my life!"

"Took away? I have done nothing of the sort, she is still your wife, I haven't changed her except for physically, she still loves you but now you have a sexy little devil willing to fulfill your every fantasy,"

"That's, this isn't what I wanted,"

"Well you have two options, take her as she is, or I will,"

"Get away from her!"

"Does that mean you want her?"

"I, of course, I want her, for better or for worse, she is my wife dammit!"

"That's a good boy, now come here and let what must be done, be done," Tinera said holding out her hand towards him as he stepped forward taking it.

Jake approached the bed as Amy opened her eyes looking up at him with a deep animal lust that he couldn't help but feel aroused by it. She took his hand and pulled him close kissing him as the warmth of her body radiated up towards him. He could feel himself falling but everything seemed strange as if he wasn't fully connected to his body and all he could focus on was her.

What happened next was a bit of a blur at first. He wasn't sure what had happened but he was suddenly naked laying on the bed as Amy was on top of him riding his cock. Timers was also there behind her feeling her breasts and kissing her neck as Amy's eyes turned red for a moment before she smiled down at him. Timera crawled around before she bent over and straddle his face. Jake didn't take long before he began licking her pussy as Tinera's face was down licking both his cock and Amy's pussy as she continued to ride him.

Jake didn't feel quite like himself and it almost felt like everything around him happening was a dream. He continued to molest Tinera with his tongue as she did the same to both of them. Every time Amy pulled up Tinera would lick every inch of his cock that was in the open. Her tongue was long as it wrapped around his cock a few times just adding to the sensation.

Tinera let out a soft moan as Jakes tongue suddenly went much deeper than any human tongue could. He began to notice something strange about himself as his fingernails felt like they were suddenly much longer than before. His passion grew more wild as he started to suck on Tinera's pussy lips getting her much more wet as she couldn't concentrate on licking them anymore as she moaned out before her juices sprayed all over his face.

Jake tasted her and enjoyed it as his teeth began to feel a little longer as well. Timers climbed off his face backing away seeing his transformation begin as she smiled. Amy had also transformed and was riding his cock like she was riding a bull which made Jake moan and even growl a little at the sensation.

"He is almost ready, finish him off my dear," Tinera said as Amy pulled him up towards her kissing his lips.

She could taste Tinera on his lips but didn't care as the passion between them both was palpable as they heard Tinera start to laugh maniacally next to them. Neither one of them knew what her plan had been from the start and at the moment they didn't care as their pleasure was so intense it didn't matter until they both let out a monstrous roar as his cock erupted into his wife with a force he had never felt before. His orgasm seemed to go on forever as his demonic cum squirted out of her soaking the bed beneath them before the collapsed together.

After a moment Jake looked at Amy in her demonic form and kissed her. Their passion for each other was stronger than ever as they started to fuck again before they rolled off what seemed to be some sort of leather couch and fall to the floor. The room they were in was different now and they would have cared but they were too busy fucking each other like wild animals to notice what had actually happened.

Tinera was laying on the bed in Amy and Jakes bedroom watching the TV seeing her two newest creations fuck uncontrollably in her former prison. She didn't look the same anymore as she examined herself. Her skin was a normal pale color and her wings and horns were gone. Her breasts were massive and she had long dark hair. She felt herself while watching the two demons on the TV as she began to masturbate wildly enjoying her new human form now that she was free.

Her fingers danced inside her pussy feeling the pleasure before she squirted all over her hand enjoying her first orgasm as a free demon. She felt comfortable in their bed laying there enjoying the effects of the pleasure she had brought upon herself before she finally rolled off the bed and turned off the TV.

She ejected the DVD and placed it back in its case as the cover had changed. She was no longer pictured and instead there was a male and female demon on the cover and the title said "a night with Jake and Amy," as she snapped her fingers creating a tight black dress and purse that she slid the DVD into before heading for the door.

------

Nessira stood alone in the shop when she heard the chimes from the front door opening. She turned around to see a busty brunette come walking on with a big smile on her face as Nessira examined her getting a little aroused by what she saw.

"So, I see it worked?" Nessira said with a smile at Tenira's new form.

"Oh yes, I think they are enjoying their new sex dungeon," she said taking out the DVD and handing it to her. "They were both a lot of fun!"

"I can see that, oh well, he wanted to spice up their sex life,"

"It is a shame they are trapped in there, please make sure they aren't trapped for too long,"

"Don't worry, I am sure I can find someone to trade places with them, it is a vicious, sexy cycle,"

Suddenly the front door opened and Nessira saw her lover Patrick come walking in. He smiled before walking over to Nessira giving her a kiss on the lips before turning to her friend.

"Patrick, this is my friend Tinera," Nessira said introducing them. "Tinera, this is Patrick,"

"Please to meet you," Tinera said holding out her hand. "Nessira, a human lover, you sexy little minx you,"

"Oh you have no idea,"

"I would love to find out," Tinera said still holding Patrick's hand.

"In that case, Patrick can you help me with something?" Nessira said to her man.

"Sure, what do you need?"

"Well my friend here has been away for a while and I want to give her a proper welcome," she said turning towards him and rubbing her hand along the front of his pants.

"Um, Okay?" He asked confused.

"Come with me, you as well," she said taking both their hands as she leads them upstairs to her bedroom before shutting the door behind her.