 It was 4:22 in the morning, and I couldn't sleep. I knew it had been a mistake to do a Thirsty Thursday the day before a test. Ricky, down the hall, had brought in some friends from home, the chemistry boys had played flip cups, and of course I'd done shots with everyone else. Ricky's friend from high school, Kayla, had been super-hot, with a super-curvy body and long, wavy brown hair, and even though I only knew her from being on the same flip cups team, my mind kept drifting to her. I had less than 5 hours before I needed to take a tough essay test on late antiquity, and I knew that I needed to sleep. But I'd gotten up half an hour ago to pee, and now sleep simply would not come.

The door to my dorm room creaked open. "Mike?" I heard a girl's voice call.

"What are you doing? It's 4:30 in the morning!" I said.

"I know we didn't have a chance to talk much, but I just couldn't stop thinking of you," the girl said. She approached my bed. It was Kayla, the hot girl I'd met earlier that night, and she was only wearing a thin grey bathrobe. I instantly got a softie. What guy doesn't want a hot girl to approach him in the middle of the night?

"Ricky let me stay in his room, but his air mattress is really hard," she said. "I couldn't sleep at all. So I thought, why not stay with you?"

"Huh?" I said.

"I want to sleep in your bed," she said. "Can you let me?"

Instantly, I went from half-hard to all the way hard. "Really?" I said. "Sure, but you'll have to leave in 4 hours. And we can't talk, because Steve is sleeping." I pointed to Steve, my blond roommate, who was sleeping in the other bed, across the room.

"That's all right," she said. She slipped off her bathrobe and dropped it. Underneath, she was only wearing panties and a bra, though I couldn't tell what color in the dim light. She lifted the covers, and climbed in with me. I thought my heart was going to beat right out of my chest. She snuggled up right against my chest, a perfect small spoon underneath the covers. My erection pressed up against her butt.

"I think you're happy to see me," she whispered. She twisted around in bed, so that I was facing her. She reached down and felt my bulge through my boxers. I couldn't believe she would be so forward.

"What are you—" I began.

She put a finger against my lips. "Shhh," she whispered. "Steve is sleeping." Then she placed her soft lips against mine, and I lost all will to protest.

Her hand snaked under my boxers and wrapped around my dick. "You've got a big one," she said. Her head disappeared under my blankets, as she inched downwards.

Under the covers, I felt her small hands lower my boxers. I felt a tongue lick up and down my now very-sensitive, hard dick. I yelped.

Her head peeked out from under the covers. "Shh. Don't wake up Steve. Unless you want him to join in?"

"No!" I said.

"Then be quiet. I want to do this. I want you," she said.

Her head disappeared under the covers again. I felt a tongue on my dick again, then it felt as if she had taken the whole thing in her mouth and was sucking up and down. God, she was good. My dick was in a warm, soft, wet cavern, and it had never been happier.

Under the covers, she sucked up and down. She paused to lick my dickhead, which felt intensely good. She took my dick out of her mouth and gently placed her lips around my balls, while she jerked me off with her hands. The warmth and wetness on my balls felt a different kind of wonderful. Then, she put my dick back in her mouth.

My whole body was tingling, and my dick had never felt better.

I felt a familiar, wonderful trickling, deep in my crotch, as if semen was building up inside. I knew I was going to ejaculate soon, but I didn't want that soft mouth of hers to stop.

"Stop! I'm going to cum!" I said in a stage whisper.

She stopped long enough to say, "I want to drink your cum." Then she went back to sucking my dick, even faster than before.

I didn't last much longer. Deep in my crotch, semen seeped into my dick.

The base of my dick clenched again and again, pushing wave after wave of powerful pleasure through my legs, my chest, and the whole room. Shot after shot of thick semen pumped right into Kayla's mouth. I might have been screaming.

My dick kept pulsing out semen. This was the longest orgasm I'd ever had. Finally, as the pleasure subsided, she sucked just a bit more, sucking out the last drops of semen, just as my dick was the most sensitive. I moaned.

She crawled up from under the covers and became the perfect little spoon again. I fell asleep immediately, with her under my arm and a smile on my face.

When I woke up the next day at 9:15, Kayla was gone, and I was exhausted. I threw on some clothes, not worrying about the smear of semen that was on my boxers, and ran to my Late Antiquity test. I barely managed to squeeze out sentences for any of the questions. At least it wasn't a zero. I've worked under similar condition often enough.

I napped after that test, and struggled through all of my other classes that day. Normally I'm good after I nap for an hour or so, but today nothing was working.

After dinner, I asked Steve, "Do you remember Kayla?"

"Your girlfriend from high school?" he said.

"What? No! I just met her last night! I thought she was one of Ricky's friends."

"That's weird," he said. "I saw her clinging to you all night, so I just assumed she was yours."

I made a mental note to ask one of the chemistry boys what was going on.

"She wasn't. Did you see her this morning?"

"This morning? Why would I have seen her this morning?"

"Didn't you say you saw her clinging to me all night?"

"Yeah, at the party; why?" he said. Then his eyes grew round. "Mike, you lucky dog!" He punched my shoulder. "Nice going, man!"

I blushed and looked down. "I didn't do anything. She just came onto me."

"Still, nice going! I thought I'd have to be your wingman, but our little Mikey's grown up! What happened?"

"She snuck in here at about 4 in the morning, said she wanted to sleep with me, and gave me a blowjob under the covers," I said, blushing.

"No shit," he said. "I heard you moaning. I thought you were just jerking off."

"Well, here's the thing. She went to sleep in my bed after, and was gone in the morning. So I was wondering if you saw her."

"Sorry, man. Maybe ask the chemistry boys."

"I will," I said.

Most of the chemistry boys were in Andy's room, clustered around the giant screen. Four of them had video game controllers in their hands; the rest of them had cans of beer.

"Mike, my man!" said Andy. "Wanna join us? Have a beer!"

"Actually, I had a question," I said.

"Sure," he said.

"Do you remember Kayla from last night?"

The boys whooped. "Yeah, I remember Kayla. But you should ask Tommy here."

Tommy was Andy's roommate. He was short, blond, and a little plump, and he was sitting on his bed with a can of beer in his hand. He had dark circles under his eyes and a huge grin on his face.

"Tommy, do you remember Kayla, from last night?" I said.

"Sure I remember her," he said. "A guy doesn't forget a girl like that."

"What happened?" I said.

"Well, last night, at about 3 in the morning, she snuck into my room and gave me a blowjob," he said, grinning. The boys cheered.

"Really," I said.

"Really," he nodded, grinning.

"Yeah, I heard him moaning in the middle of the night," said Andy. "I thought he was jacking, but when I looked over, I saw this hump under the covers."

"It was the best blowjob ever!" said Tommy. "I don't think I ever cummed so much in my life!"

"Yeah, he was like a tornado warning," said Andy.

"That's interesting," I said. "She snuck into my room, too, at about 4 in the morning, and she gave me a blowjob, too."

The room fell silent. "Gentlemen, I think we have a superslut on our hands," said Andy.

The boys all cheered again.

"Well, I was looking for her," I said. "I thought she fell asleep with me after, but she was gone in the morning."

"Yeah, I thought she fell asleep with me too," said Tommy. "But now you say that she snuck into your room right after."

"It sounds like our Kayla here is hungry for cock!" said Andy. "Well, if either of you find her, you get dibs on her."

My next stop was Ricky's room, almost at the end of the hall. Ricky was something of a wildcard: he was tall, handsome, and half Mexican. He had probably the most social room in all of Russel Hall other than the chemistry boys, but you never quite knew what you would get with him. Sometimes he just hung out with the Latin kids, sometimes he brought friends from home, sometimes the stoners visited him, and lots of people just seemed to get along with him. But he also had days when he was just studying, since he was in pre-nursing. Yesterday had been one of those days when everyone just visited him.

I knocked on his door. He opened his door, and his lights were on, and it was only him and his Indian roommate Amit, who was lying in bed. Either Amit was sick, or this was just going to be a study night for them.

"What's up?" he said in a low voice. "You can come in, just keep your voice down."

I stepped in. "I had a question about Kayla," I said.

Ricky and Amit shared a look. "Join the club," he said.

"Join the club?" I said, confused.

"Well, you'd be about the fourth person to ask about her today," he said. "She gave Amit a blowjob at about 2 in the morning, then disappeared."

"It was really good," said Amit weakly. He had black circles under his eyes against his caramel-brown skin.

"And Andy asked about her earlier, because it sounds like she gave Tommy a blowjob too."

"And you don't know who she was?" I said.

"No. Last night, I thought she came along with one of the chemistry boys, but Andy thought that she was one of my high school friends."

"Yeah, I thought she was one of your high school friends too," I said.

"Well, she definitely didn't go to my high school," he said. "And if you or Steve didn't bring her, and neither did one of the chemistry boys, either she's a stoner chick, or she just heard about the party somehow and crashed it."

"OK, thanks," I said.

"Why do you want to know?" he said.

"Well, she gave me a blowjob last night too," I said.

They exchanged a look again. "It seems like Kayla gets around," said Ricky.

The stoner headquarters for the dorm was room 308, on the floor below. It was the only girl's room that I ever hung out in, mostly because Chelsea and Erin were so nice. The chemistry boys loved them, because they always had weed. I knocked.

"Come in," said Chelsea.

Chelsea was a tiny premed student with pink streaks in her hair, and her roommate Erin was a bit on the larger side. Both of them were just about the nicest girls I knew. They were lounging around with Josh, who was sprawled on the rug with a stoner's red eyes and vacant expression, and a skinny pale guy with shaggy black hair who I didn't remember. No one had anything burning, but there was a thick blue haze in the room.

"Oh, who's this?" I said.

"This is our friend Cody," said Chelsea. "Josh introduced him. He's cool."

"Yo," said Cody, weakly. Something about him seemed familiar, so I'd probably seen him around campus before.

"Hi, I'm Mike. Nice to meet you," I said.

"Nice t' meetcha," he slurred.

"Don't you remember him?" said Chelsea. "He was at Ricky's Thirsty Thursday with us yesterday."

"I have a question," I said. "Remember how everyone was drinking in Ricky's room yesterday?"

"Sure," said Chelsea.

"Do you know a girl named Kayla? She was there last night, but Ricky said he didn't know her, and neither did the chemistry boys."

"Yeah, I remember Kayla," said Chelsea. "I thought that she was one of Steve's girls."

"No, Steve had never met her before yesterday," I said.

"She must have been gate-crashing, then," said Chelsea. "I didn't spread the word at all about Ricky's little hangout last night, but I guess word gets out."

"OK," I said.

"Why do you want to know?" she said.

"I just wanted to ask her some questions," I said. "See, she snuck into my room last night and gave me a blowjob. And she also did that to Tommy. And Amit."

Chelsea and Erin frowned at each other. Then Chelsea said to me, "OK, Mike, I know you might not want to hear this, but I think you should stay away from her. I know girls like that. And not to be rude, but they are the meanest bitches you will ever meet."

Erin added, "She might have sucked you off once, and she might even do it again. But girls who want a relationship don't sneak into boys' rooms and suck them off."

"What if I don't want a relationship?" I said.

"You should still stay away from her. I'm sure you had fun, but girls like that will use you and then ignore you."

"I'm fine being used," I said.

"Well, that's great," said Erin. "But girls like that, you can't track them down. You're never going to know where you stand with her. You can't let yourself fall in love with them, because you will get hurt. Trust me on this one."

"She's right," said Chelsea. "This Kayla chick sounds like bad news. You should definitely avoid her."

"I'll try," I said. "What should I do if she visits me again?"

"You can do whatever you want, but know that she might not visit you again after that. So my recommendation would be to avoid her."

"OK," I said.

I stayed in that Friday night, because I didn't feel up to doing anything else. I was just too tired.

I woke up to a gust of cold air from someone lifting the covers. I opened my eyes, and saw it was Kayla. Her slim body was silhouetted by the light from the streetlights outside. I heard cheering from somewhere far away. Probably it was a party in the Towers.

"Why are you here? Where did you go yesterday?" I said.

"Let me in," she said, climbing into bed with me. "I'm one of Ricky's friends. I live around here, and I couldn't stop thinking about you."

"Ricky told me he'd never seen you before yesterday," I said.

She laughed. "Oh, that's funny. He was the one who invited me! Tell him to send Amit my regards."

"Amit also said you sucked him off last night too," I protested, but she had already burrowed under the covers and was removing my boxers. "Ah!"

Her lips were already on my dick, and it was getting hard. I could feel it swelling in her mouth. I lay back. She worked up and down, laying her tongue against my dick, turning her lips and tongue and mouth into a smooth, soft passageway. It felt just as good as it had last night.

She kept on moving her mouth up and down, and I stopped being able to think. The squishy, slurpy feel just felt so good on my dick. I panted. I moaned a little. I could feel semen slowly forming inside my crotch.

"Is that Kayla again?" said Steve. "I thought I told you not to jerk off when I was in the room."

I would have frozen, except Kayla's lips and tongue were too skillful. "Yes, it's Kayla," I groaned. "She's here now—uh!"

"Well, don't stop on account of me," said Steve. "Do you think I could get a turn with her after you're done?"

"Ask—her—yourself," I panted, through the slurpy sounds of Kayla's blowjob. I felt embarrassed, and oddly naked, even though my dick was covered up by Kayla and the blankets. Steve has seen my limp dick lots of times, after I shower, or at the urinals, and I've seen his. But Steve has never seen my dick when it's hard, and he's never seen me jerk off. Now Steve could hear Kayla's rhythmic swishy sounds, and he could hear me panting. He could tell exactly what Kayla was doing to my dick under the blankets. He could probably even see the semen that was brewing in my crotch. I felt exposed. But what Kayla was doing felt so damn good, throughout my whole body, that I didn't want her to stop anyway.

My whole chest felt warm. I panted, and my legs thrashed. Semen oozed into my dick. I felt a warm, full, need-to-pee sensation right by my balls. All the warm and squishy flesh around my dick felt so good, and I knew I couldn't hold back.

I ejaculated. Pulse after pulse of hot semen rushed out of my dick. Rush after rush of pleasure pumped through my whole body.

Finally, as those pulses of pleasure were diminishing, she sucked just a little more, and got the final drops of semen. I gasped.

"That was really hot," said Steve.

I looked over. He was naked, spread-eagled, and had pushed the covers aside. His dick was hard and big, and he was gently stroking it. In the streetlight, his normally blond hair looked almost black, and so did his pubic hair. His dick and his nipples both looked dark brown, even though I knew that they really were pinkish purple.

"I thought you said no masturbating in the room," I said.

"Yeah, but if you're going to get sucked off in here, I figure all bets are off," he said.

"Fair enough," I said.

Kayla climbed out from between my legs and emerged from under the covers. She saw Steve, and I can't tell if that was horror or hunger that flitted across her face. Perhaps both.

"Hey, Kayla," said Steve. "Would you mind doing me, too?"

She glanced down at me. I nodded slightly. "Not at all," she said, and climbed out of my bed and into his. She knelt between his spread legs, opened her mouth wide, and clamped it onto his hard dick. Steve gasped.

"Oh my god, that feels amazing," he said.

"I know, right?" I said. But he was already in another world. Kayla had pushed his hand aside, and her head was gently moving up and down his dick. When her head came up, her mouth left a dark, shiny trail of saliva on his thick dick. There was a faraway look in his eyes, and he breathed hard, as if he had run a marathon.

Kayla gradually increased her speed, and the slurpy noises got a little bit louder. I'm super-sleepy after I ejaculate, but tired as I was, somehow I couldn't take my eyes off this show. I'd never wanted to see Steve's hard dick before—I'd only caught unintentional glimpses of his morning wood as he got dressed sometimes—but there was something so incredibly satisfying about seeing the base of his dick as it went in and out of Kayla's mouth. He moaned and panted, oblivious to me.

Finally, I saw his balls retreat into his body. Kayla's pace increased, and I knew he was getting close.

Kayla lowered her mouth almost all the way to his balls and held it there. He went, "Ahh!" The base of his dick swelled and pulsed, pumping semen into Kayla's throat, and Kayla gulped and swallowed.

His dick kept on pulsing. He was ejaculating a lot. His dick throbbed, and she kept on swallowing. Finally, his orgasm was ending, and she did her final suck, and pulled her mouth off of his dick. The whole length of his dick was shiny and wet.

"That was amazing," he said. I nodded. I had never seen him ejaculate before, and I felt a little dizzy and strange. But I knew exactly the feeling he was talking about.

"I liked that too," said Kayla. "Can I come over again?"

He nodded from the bed. "Come over any time. Can I get your number?"

She shook her head. "Sorry. I don't have a phone."

"I can get you a phone," he said.

She shook her head again. "I don't want to be tied down. Can I just come in here whenever?"

Steve nodded. "Come in here any time!"

I was awakened the next morning by the sound of ambulance sirens. I felt even more groggy and Saturdayish than I normally do on Saturday mornings. I felt as if I had been awakened an hour after finally getting to sleep the night after pulling an all-nighter and then working all day the next day.

I tried to roll over and go back to bed. But then I heard the clunking sound of the EMTs walking heavily through the hall outside my door, and I forgot about sleep. Someone on our floor needed an ambulance.

Steve had put on boxers to sleep. He blearily opened his eyes. "What's going on?" he said. "I don't know, but someone on our hall needs an ambulance," I said. "I'm going to check on it." I pulled on some sweatpants I had lying by my bed, and went out to investigate.
