 He'd lodged at many places before. He was an itinerant musician and drifted from one bar job to the next, and sought out places to crash as he shifted from one urban or suburban conurbation to another. 'Miss Randle – 345 Clementine St.'; the rates looked ok. He'd give it a go.

As soon he ascended the steps to the porch at the front of the weatherboard house, something seemed to envelope his senses, though he could not determine what or why. The house was well kept though drably decorated; the clean and shiny windows decked inside with net curtains and thick drapes – he could not see inside. He rang the bell and the door opened. A prim middle aged woman with tight blouse, firm collar, and tight knee length skirt looked at him with a stern face through her glasses. Her face, though lined in places due to her maturity, struck him immediately; she had sharp features and her neat hair in a bun, she was strangely attractive.

"Miss Randle? I've come about the room" he said as she looked first at him, then over his shoulder at the street beyond as if to ensure his arrival had not been noticed.

"Come in out of the cold" she said and quickly closed the door shut behind him. She stood with her back against the close door and eyed him up and down. He stood uncomfortably in the hall, like a lemon. She noted his discomfort, and seemed to snap into another mode.

"Oh, I'm so sorry; please, come and have a look at the room, I'm sure you'll like it." She walked him down the hall to the stairs. The house was spotless, to such an extent it seemed maybe she had some sort of 'clean room' air conditioning system. At the foot of the stairs was a huge black door which looked reinforced and was out of keeping with the rest of the house somehow. She seemed to expect that he would ask her about it; she looked at him and raised her neatly trimmed eyebrows awaiting his question.

"Err, what's..?"

"Oh that's the door to the basement; it's been like that since the fifties, people used to have strange notions about the Russians or Chinese firing 'H'-bombs at us, and thought they might like to spend thirty-odd years in a hole underground. It seems a waste of money to have the door replaced; I just use it as a store-room now."

He could not help but watch her rounded bottom as she ascended the stairs; despite her drab appearance he sensed there was a something a little more sensual within the grey exterior.

"This is it." She said opening the door to a nicely spacious and very tidy room with its own sink on one wall, comfortable looking double bed, and small television. It was the nicest room he's seen in some considerable time. He could not believe his luck given the price advertised; he checked what he'd seen was correct; she confirmed; he confirmed he'd take it.

"Good" she said smiling at him. "The bathroom is opposite; that is my room at the end of the hall." He wasn't sure why she needed to emphasise where she slept. She gave him a front door key and he left to go and pick up the rest of his meagre belongings which he'd stashed at the bar where he'd found some short-term work. There were quite a few bars in this town, and a couple of other towns were a short trip by train, so he was confident he'd lodge at this place for a while.

She watched him skip down the steps and walk in the direction of the town centre. She smiled to herself as she took a large key from a hook in the kitchen. She placed it in the lock of the black door, opened it and walked down.

He returned about an hour later with a large kit-bag affair, stuffed with his worldly belongings. He took it up to his room and had just finished stuffing his socks etc. into the available draws when there was a knock on the door. He opened the door to her. Suddenly she seemed a little sultrier than before somehow. She must also have freshened up; not that she needed it, but she suddenly smelt very nice indeed.

"Would you like a coffee? Just come downstairs to the lounge, we'll be more comfortable there. You can tell me all about you – if you don't mind of course!" He was a little reluctant as he really wanted to relax on his own for a while having just arrived, and he had bought some raunchy magazines he wanted to look at. She smiled at him and her eyes seem to tell him he must do as she pleased. She turned sideways, put her head back against the doorway and lifted one foot also, making her black stocking clad knee protrude from her skirt. Something stirred in his loins. He felt compelled to go and said ok.

The lounge was nice and comfortable; immaculately set out and everything just so. She poured him a coffee with her mature but neatly manicured and very feminine hands; as he took the cup from her she slowly crossed her legs, making her tight skirt ride up, allowing him a generous view of her firm and shapely thighs. She pulled a pin from her hair and shook it; the bun fell apart and her hair now covered her shoulders. He swallowed hard; the grey woman he had met earlier was going through metamorphosis in stages. He suddenly had an erection which he found hide to disguise.

"Tell me all about you; I want to know what you like and don't like, what pleases you and what doesn't." She laughed softly and put her hand on her knee and lifted her leg almost horizontally; with her spikey heel pointing at him, he could not help but stair down the leg to the black silk panties he was now offered a glimpse of. His cock was rock hard. He suddenly felt very light-headed and found he was staring into her eyes as though he were stoned. She smiled at him wickedly.

"Tell me what sort of women you like; do you find me attractive?" She said this as she undid her skirt and let it fall into the seat as she crossed her legs to the full, showing the curve of her pert bottom in the black silk panties.

"Yes, yes, I...I... I find you very attractive, I like older women, I like older dominant women, I have some magazines upstairs..." He went numb as he blurted this out- what was happening to him?" She laughed wickedly as he confessed his all.

"Splendid" she said as she first removed her blouse, and then her bra. Her lovely full round breasts sagged ever so slightly making her all the more attractive somehow and she took a small brown bottle from within her bra and tapped it with her razor like fingernail.

"This mixture is my favourite little helper; I can see that you have appreciated it. You are going to tell me your deepest desires. It's time to take your clothes off and kneel before me." He did so automatically, though he nearly keeled over several times as he found discarding his clothing was a strangely difficult task. She laughed as she helped him strip. He was truly mesmerised.

From behind her chair she produced a black leather collar and leash. He watched her breasts wobble as she fitted the collar and tugged smartly on the leash, licking her lips. She stood up before him as he knelt naked with his erection bobbing. He took in her womanly scent as the silk panties were presented under his nose.

"Now you'll come to my room and I shall have my pleasure of you" she said with a stern promise of dominance which made him enjoy his trance-like state to the full. He now understood she was in complete control and though his sphincter clenched with trepidation, he was now ready and willing to be taken by her. She pulled on the leash and he wobbled to his feet. She led him in the direction of the stairs and he put his foot on the first one. She tugged the leash as she stood beside him.

"No... my room, not my bedroom" and she pulled open the black door. A smell of leather and woodwork hit his nostrils; she tapped a light switch and then whisked back a black cloth screen to reveal the steps going down to a shiny wooden floor. He watched the shapely woman's silky bottom as she led him down. In his dream like state he made out padded benches, a crucifix, a huge wheel, a gallows and walls covered with a vast array of whips, crops, paddles and all manner of evil implements. She pushed him down to his knees and stood dominantly before him.

"Do you like your new Landlady? I think you're going to be lodging with me for a very long time indeed!" Her laughter rang in his ears as he heard the huge black door automatically clang shut behind them...