 Will finished up using the weed wacker to finish up the lawn. He had tested out the lawnmower making sure it still worked as he put the tools away when he heard a strange animal like roar that made him jump a little. He stepped out into the backyard not knowing exactly where it had come from and soon just put it behind him and headed upstairs.

Later on when Will stepped out of the shower when he heard another strange noise. He stepped closer to the window when he thought he heard some sort of Roar from a large dog or lion or something. He wasn't sure what it was but he didn't hear it again so he just went about his business as he dried himself off.

When he was finally done he headed to his bedroom still a little damp with a towel wrapped around his waist. He walked in a picked up his phone to see if he had any messages before he grabbed some clean clothes out of his drawers putting them on the bed. As he dropped the towel he suddenly realized there was someone standing behind him and he turned around to see his mother standing there in the doorway.

"Ahh, what the hell mom?" He said grabbing his towel and covering himself up again.

"Relax, it's nothing I haven't seen before." She said walking in as if nothing was wrong.

"Whats up Mom, you feeling okay?"

"Oh yes, I just came to ask you for a favor."

"Sure?"

"Could you go next door and help our new neighbor with something."

"Sure I guess, what does she need help with?"

"I think it was moving something heavy, and I told her my son was strong enough to move whatever she needed." She said with an odd smile.

"Um, okay, no problem."

"Her name is Tinera, and I know you won't let me down, right?" She said getting a little closer to him almost making him feel a little uncomfortable.

Something wasn't right and he could tell but he wasn't sure what it was. This was definitely his mom but she seemed different somehow. She looked a little younger and more attractive which was weird that he was thinking this way about his own mother so he tried to distract himself.

"You sure you're feeling alright mom?"

Before she could answer she heard the front door open downstairs. "Looks like your father's home, I need to... Discuss something with him, just head next door as soon as you're ready, she's expecting you." She said stepping closer and kissing him on the cheek before she said: "Don't let me down."

She turned and left the room shutting the door behind her as Will stood there very confused about what had just happened.

---

Robert had just gotten home and was checking the mail by the front door before he headed to the kitchen. He dropped it on the table before he opened the fridge for a bottle of water as it was a warm day outside. He was wearing just a pair of jeans and a t-shirt because he worked in a warehouse so he didn't need any sort of uniform.

He closed the door to the fridge when he noticed someone out of the corner of his eye. He turned and saw Veronica standing in the entryway with her arm up on the wall leaning against it. She looked really good as he looked her over. He wasn't sure what it was but she seemed different and even sexy today.

"Hey, Hun." He said still sipping his water.

"Hey yourself." She said with a little smile.

"You look really good today, that a new outfit or something?" He said looking at her pink cotton shirt with the top buttons undone showing some cleavage and the jeans that seemed to hug her curves.

"I was starting to think you didn't notice my looks anymore." She said stepping closer to him.

"Don't be ridiculous, you know I love you."

"Maybe love isn't what I am looking for at the moment." She said suddenly pushing him back against the refrigerator with some force. "Maybe I just want my man to fuck me!" She said before she started to kiss him passionately.

Robert was a little confused but very turned on. He wasn't sure exactly what had gotten into Veronica but he wasn't complaining as he wrapped his hands around her ass squeezing it gently and pulling her closer. She let out a small moan before she removed her lips from his smiling before she started to kneel down in front of him. She began to unbuckle his belt and unzip his pants. He was very surprised by this because she had never acted this way before in the 20 years they had been married.

"Woah um, wait where is Will?"

"Don't worry about William, I sent him on an errand, he should be gone for some time." She said pulling out his stiffening member before she teased it a little with her lips.

"Oh, oh Shit!"

She pulled herself up a little letting his cock gently rest on top of her cleavage as she moved to stroke it slightly. "Do you like my breasts?" She said still gently teasing him.

"You know I do."

"I don't, maybe you need some reminding of why you should." She said before she ripped her shirt open showing off her plump tits which seemed perkier and even a little larger than he remembered.

She was not wearing a bra so she let his cock slide between her cleavage before she squeezed them together and started to milk his swollen cock. Robert tilted his head back against the fridge enjoying the feeling as Veronica squished his cock between her beautiful mounds. Every time she slid them down she would tease the tip of his cock with her tongue sometimes even kissing the head.

Her motions intensified until she began taking his cock in her mouth sucking on it every time it got close. It got to a point where she just started to blow him releasing his member from her breasts as he hands started to massage his balls making him moan louder and louder. The feeling was very intense as it had been years since she had given him head and it was never anything quite like this.

"Oh shit, Babe I'm gonna... Oh, fuck!" He said trying to warn her before his cock blew into her mouth.

He was afraid she would be angry with him but instead, she clenched her lips and swallowed every drop of his cum still sucking on his cock. She gave him a few more gentle sucks before she finally removed her lips from him. He was shocked his cock was still as hard as it was when she stood up and began kissing him while her hand gently teased him some more.

"Wow, what's the occasion?" He said between kisses.

She giggled a little before she said: "come with me." Taking his hand and leading him upstairs to the bedroom.

Once they were there she pushed him down on the bed with some force. He had never zipped his fly back up so his cock was still out and still erect which he still thought was strange but was not complaining. She crawled onto the bed grabbing his pants and pulling them off completely along with his shoes. She stood back up taking off the ripped remains of her shirt followed by her own pants and her panties.

"Wow, you look incredible Honey."

"I'm glad you still notice." She said before climbing back on top of him kissing her lips as she pulled his shirt off.

She rubbed her dripping pussy against his member teasing him but not letting him inside just yet. Every now and then his tip would slide in a little but it felt strange almost like her pussy was sucking on it a little. With every pass, it got him more turned on as he slid his hands down his wife's sides feeling her smooth skin before grabbing her ass.

"I love you so much!" He said getting more aroused as she just gave him a devilish grin before impaling herself on his cock.

"Oh, that's what I want!" She said as she began to milk his throbbing member between her legs.

She pulled him towards her as he wrapped his arms around her back before burying his face into her breasts kissing them and teasing them with his tongue. He felt her fingers in his hair as he continued to molest her chest with his mouth while her pussy seemed to be tightening around his cock almost like it was a mouth. It felt good but also a little strange but he couldn't argue with what he was feeling. Her hips moved and with every motion, he moaned at the sensation as he tilted his head back. 

He felt Veronica's lips on his as she nibbled his bottom lip a little. She had been acting very odd but very sexy and playful which he was loving but in the back of his mind, something didn't seem right. He went along with it for now enjoying the sensation as she began to move a little harder. Robert let out a very loud moan as he felt like he was going to cum again any second.

Veronica could sense this as she grabbed this head burying it in her chest again as she milked his cock, even more, getting him closer to orgasm. He held her tightly as he felt the pressure building until he could no longer contain himself. The next one hit him even harder which made his whole body shake as he had never cum that hard before, especially after the amazing blowjob he already had received downstairs.

"Oh fuck!" He yelled as Veronica held him and let him squirt his seed into her tight pussy over and over again. "That was amazing!" He said resting his face against her chest when he began to notice something strange.

Her hand gently caressed his face but something wasn't right as it felt more like a claw. He opened his eyes and stared at her breasts for a moment which was now bright red as he lifted his head away to see a demoness where his wife was a moment ago. She had two dark horns sticking out of her head with blood red eyes staring down at him. She opened her mouth and licked his face with a forked tongue as he was both aroused and afraid at the same time wondering what had happened to his wife.

"Veronica... Oh my God!" He says as she smiled down at him with red glowing eyes.

Robert blinked a few times wondering if he was hallucinating or something. He closed them and rubbed them a little before he opened his eyes again but when he saw Veronica still on top of him she looked normal again. He blinked a few more times feeling her skin like he was checking to see if she was real.

"What's wrong Honey?" She said still smiling at him while his cock was still inside her.

"I um, I don't know I... Maybe I'm a little dehydrated or something, for a second I thought you were..."

"Shhhh," she said placing her finger on his lips. "I'll get you some water, don't worry, I'll take good care of you." She said giving him a kiss before she pushed him down gently and climbed off of him heading for the door still naked.

Robert got comfortable thinking about what had just happened and what he had just seen. He tried to just forget about it and told himself he didn't really see what he saw. He then started thinking about the sex they had just had and how amazing it was. He thought about the blow job she gave him in the kitchen too and hot that was as well.

He was wondering why Veronica was suddenly so horny but he couldn't complain. She looked amazing and he was wondering if she always looked this good and he just didn't notice it before. He heard her coming back up the stairs before she walked into the bedroom closing the door behind her holding a bottle of water.

"Hey Honey, I feel like I don't say this enough, but you are beautiful!"

"Thank you," she said handing him the water as he took a few gulps.

"No seriously, I love you so much."

"For a moment she stared at him and started to feel like her old self long enough to say: " I love you too." Before the changes made to her started to take over again.

"How about you Will and I all go out for dinner tonight?"

As her lust took control again she said: "Will is busy, besides, we aren't done yet."

She smiled before she crawled back into bed with him kissing him while her hand began to play with his balls. He was shocked she was able to get him hard again as his cock stood straight up ready for more even dripping a little precum from the tip. She smelled so good too and just her very presence seemed enough to get him horny again.

She removed her lips and rolled over before she began teasing his cock with her ass. It was so soft and felt so good but he never thought for one second she was serious until she sat down on his cock. Robert was shocked to hell when she let his erect member slide into her ass before she started moving her hips letting his cock slide in and out with ease. They had never done anal sex before and it felt so amazing he could hardly contain himself as first he grabbed the sheets holding them tightly before he reached his arms around her grabbing her breasts and squeezing them.

Veronica just had a devilish grin on her face as she continued to do what Tinera asked of her keeping Robert busy so she could do what she wanted with William. She began to wonder if they were already fucking next door and the thought of it got her even more excited and she had no problem taking it out on Robert who didn't seem to mind either.