 Will headed downstairs after getting dressed. He was wondering why his Mom was acting so odd but he didn't put much thought into it until he walked past their bedroom door and heard them moaning out loud from behind it. He stopped for a moment thinking it was weird they were having sex this early in the day and while he was still home but quickly went downstairs and out the front door.

"At least someones getting laid around here." He said under his breath as he started heading next door.

He was confused and even a little nervous as he walked up to the neighbor's door before ringing the doorbell. He wasn't sure exactly why he was there and was also wondering why his Mom would come home from their new neighbor's house who happened to be a woman and want to have sex with his Dad the moment he got home. 

All these thoughts rattled in his head until the door opened and he saw this busty brunette standing there with a smile on her face. He looked her over as she was wearing a somewhat transparent black dress that hugged her curves but didn't reveal anything much.

"You must be William, thank you so much for coming over." She said inviting him inside.

"Oh no problem, my Mom said you needed help with something?"

"Oh yes, it's right this way." She said walking into the living room and showing him some furniture. "Could you slide that chair over to that corner, I'll go get you something to drink." She said with a quick smile before walking into the kitchen leaving him to move the recliner. 

Will looked at the recliner and grabbed it sliding it over. He thought it was a little strange that he was asked to come over for such a simple task but he couldn't help but notice how hot she was even when she was dressed. He was still thinking about how weird his Mom had been acting after her visit here but was distracted by the beautiful woman who walked back in.

She walked back out with a soda to see he had moved the chair but was holding his shoulder like it hurt before she said: "Are you alright?"

"Yeah, just did too much today that's all, I'm fine."

"Here let me rub it for you." She said inviting him to sit down on the recliner.

"No that's okay, I'll be alright."

"None of that, I am a good masseuse."

"No no, I mean... Oh wow, that does feel good." He said as Tinera gently rubbed his shoulder. 

"You see, told you."

"Yeah you were right, so uh, what did you and my Mom talk about?"

"Oh she is a lovely woman, I bet she is an amazing mother as well."

"Yeah, she's pretty great."

"Yes, did you know a boys first unconscious sexual desire is usually towards their mother."

"What?"

"I'm sorry, I am a bit of an expert in sexuality."

"Oh, um, really?" He said suddenly feeling nervous as he was starting to notice certain reactions he was feeling from her massage.

"Oh yes, young men like you are usually so pent up and fertile, it is a fascination of mine."

"I see..."

"Oh, I'm sorry, you can relax it's not like I am going to take my clothes off and have my way with you." She said with a laugh as he began laughing as well feeling nervous.

"Ha, no of course not. Anyway, maybe I should.." He said trying to get up when Tinera suddenly swung around the recliner completely naked straddling him. "Holy, um... miss Tinera I..."

"Unless you want me to." She said grinding against his crotch.

"Wow, this is, I mean you look so... But I..."

"So nervous, it makes you even cuter." She said gently caressing his face.

"Uh... Thanks... But my Mom..."

"Ah, the insatiable Veronica, she is currently keeping your father busy so you and I will be, uninterrupted."

"What? What do you mean?"

"Let's just say I awoke something deep inside her, didn't you notice how amazing and young she looked when you saw her."

"Wait I... This is crazy."

"Yes, but don't you want to see how crazy it can get?" She said leaning forward and pressing her lips to his savoring the taste. "You taste so good, I may want to keep you."

"This is nuts, but..." He said as he placed his hands on her hips feeling her skin as she ground a little more against him biting her bottom lip.

"That's it, give in, you can stick it wherever you want too." She whispered in his ear as she got her large breasts in his face.

"Oh shit, I want you so bad."

"I'm all yours." She said suddenly just planting her lips onto his again as the recliner leaned back.

Her hands slid under his shirt as she gently scratched his skin before pulling it off. She then began to pull off his belt before she unzipped his pants sliding her hand in to feel his throbbing cock which was larger than she was expecting. Her eyes widened as she got more excited pulling his pants down to get a closer look at her prize.

"Oh my, you are a big boy!"

Before Will could respond she had her lips on the tip of his member sucking on the skin a little as she worked her way up and down. She stuck out her tongue and began to slowly lick his cock making him moan before she wrapped her lips around it and give him a few deep throated sucks which made him buck his hips at the feeling.

Will couldn't believe the situation he was in as the beautiful naked woman continued to suck his cock willingly. He had no idea why she wanted him or who she was or what she had done to his mother but he didn't care. She was beautiful, wild and she wanted him.

"Ah, you taste so good William," She said finally releasing his cock leaving it there covered in spit. "Why don't you come with me to the bedroom." She added as she crawled off of him and teased him to follow.

Will stood up tripping over his pants before he kicked them off and got to the bedroom quickly. When he walked in he saw Tinera crawl onto the bed looking back at him showing off her perfectly round ass as she smiled at him. She wiggled her backside a little as he got closer to her.

"Do you like what you see?"

"My God, you are so fucking beautiful!"

"What did you say?"

"Um, I said you were beautiful."

"Huh, interesting."

"Did I say something wrong?"

"Not at all, just not a word I am used to, but thank you, but how about you get over here and do whatever the fuck you want to me."

"Yes, ma'am!" He said getting closer as she backed her ass towards him letting it touch the tip of his cock a little.

"Don't be shy, my ass wants it."

"Are you sure?" He asked a little hesitant.

She smiled again before she backed up letting his cock slide right inside her as she moaned out loud. Will couldn't believe it as he was fucking the gorgeous woman in her ass and it felt incredible. The pleasure was so intense as he leaned over against her back as she whipped her hair to the side looking back at him. His hands slid around her stomach before sliding up and grabbing her breasts squeezing them.

Tinera was enjoying the feeling as this young inexperienced man fucked her in a way she hadn't been in centuries. She didn't want to turn him as she had no reason to at the moment, she only wanted him to fuck her and with his mother under her control, she could have him whenever she wanted. She could hear Veronica next door fucking her husband which put a smile on her face until Will's cock shoved a little deeper making her whine a little.

"Oh fuck, don't stop!" She said still feeling his hands all over her body.

"Oh shit... I uh... Oh, fuck!"

"Don't hold back, just cum, cum inside me!"

"But I... We just... Started!"

"Cum Baby, fucking cum in my ass!"

Will felt the orgasm grow as her ass tightened around his member intensifying the pleasure. He clenched his hand tightly as his cock blew into her with a force that mad his whole body shake as he collapsed against her back. His cock continued to release his seed into her squirt after squirt. Tinera moaned out sucking up all of it with a smiled as she tilted her head back next to his purring a little as her hand reached back and ran her fingers through his hair.

"Oh my God, that was amazing." He said feeling tired.

Tinera slid off his cock which was still dripping with his seed as she slid back in the bed. She invited him to climb in next to her which he did sliding up and getting comfortable as she placed his head on her breasts making him comfortable.

"I'm sorry." Will said.

"You have nothing to apologize for, you were amazing."

"I appreciate that but I..."

"Shh," she said giving him a gentle kiss on the lips for a moment. "Rest up because this wasn't a one-time thing."

"Really?"

"Hehe," she laughed before she said: "round two starts soon."