 Peter was walking into Lilith's Erotic Emporium like he did every day despite the fact there was almost never any mail for them but he would still walk in seeing if they had anything to ship out. He was a mailman and most of what he delivered or mailed for them was between the shop and a club in the city and despite all the strange artifacts he saw in the store he always got along with Nessira.

He opened the door and walked in seeing the beautiful redheaded woman behind the counter before he said: "Well hello Ms. Ravenhill, how are you today?"

"Good afternoon Peter, anything for me today?"

"Just a few adds and other junk mail, anything going out?"

"Just this box." She said handing him a package with a delivery address for the club Safari. "The Safari huh, you've been doing a lot of business with them, I've never been there, is it even open yet?"

"They had a soft opening but I don't think it is fully done yet."

"I see, maybe I'll have to check it out."

"Yeah, might not be your kind of place, but if you do just let me know, I am friends with the owner and I'll make sure she takes good care of you."

"I'll have to remember that, so you've been closed the last few days, everything alright?"

"Yeah, just a personal matter I needed to take care of, but we should be back to normal hours now."

"Sounds good, well see you in a week, finally taking a vacation."

"Oh really, wait is that old guy covering your route again, what's his name, Frank?"

"I'm afraid so, hopefully, it won't be a heavy mail week."

"God I hope so, every time he comes in here I'm afraid he's gonna have a heart attack."

"Well, maybe stick to the business casual dresses, and leave the normal attire for the young guys like myself."

"That's no fun." She said with a pouting look.

"Yeah, but as much as I may enjoy it, I would hate to see Frank die."

"He would die with a smile on his face though," Nessira said teasing him a little.

"Wow, ahem, well say hi to that lucky bastard you're marrying for me."

"Ha, I will, you have any company for your little vacation?"

"Afraid not, I guess the good ones are all taken."

"Well, if you want maybe I have a friend for you, if you don't mind blind dating."

"As tempting as that is Ms. Ravenhill, I have heard rumors about the people you consider friends."

"Now what is that supposed to mean?"

"Just rumors, people in the woods disappearing near this store, items people purchase coming to life and such, I'll stick to the bar scene thanks."

"Suit yourself, but just remember, my offer still stands."

"Thanks, well have a lovely day, and see you when I get back." He said placing the small package in his bag noticing when he suddenly noticed it seemed heavier than it usually was this time of day before he turned and left.

Nessira watched him leave smiling at him when she looked over at one of the shelves noticing that something was missing. She tried to remember what was there when she realized what it was and got a little worried.

"Shadow!" She called out as she came out of the back room.

"Yeah, Mom?"

"Do you remember seeing a large demon cock statue here?"

"Um, yeah, yesterday I think, got a weird vibe from it."

"Did you move it?"

"Nope didn't touch it."

"What about Kevin?"

"He's been with me since the last time I saw it."

"Uh oh."

--------

Peter had gotten home late but was so happy he was off for the next week. He dropped his backpack on the chair in his living room before going to order some dinner and relax. He had not noticed the strange statue that had gotten into his mailbag earlier that day at the Emporium and had been sneaking around before finding it's way into his backpack as well now sitting in his home.

His evening routine was pretty uneventful as he ordered a pizza and watched TV for a few hours. There was not much on but he suddenly got a text message from his friend Lauren as he heard his phone buzz in his pocket. He opened the message and began to reply as she had told him to enjoy his vacation and they should hang out soon.

Lauren had been a friend of his for years. They were extremely close but never romantically involved. He had always been tempted to bring their relationship to a romantic level but often times she had a boyfriend and he always was very concerned it would ruin the one good friendship her had so he often decided not to try when she was single.

He chatted back and forth with her for a little while until it started to get late. After about 10:00 pm he finally decided to head to bed turning off the TV in the living room and turning on the TV in his bedroom as he laid there watching a few shows for a while. It wasn't long before he finally fell asleep

Out in the living room, his backpack slowly began to unzip itself. Peter had no idea what was going on as this strange looking stone penis began to extend out from the opening in his bag. The tip suddenly turned from a stone gray color to a more flesh looking black color as it began to pulse a little making a sickening squishing noise. This went on for a few moments before a black smoke began to belch from the tip forming a cloud in his living room that that grew until it sprouted two arms and two glowing yellow eyes. 

It looked around the room for a moment before it flows towards Peter's bedroom. It examined the sleeping man in his bed as it pulled off his blanket seeing the outline of his average size penis in his shorts. It reached out and slid them off as well before it began to stroke it with its misty fingers getting it erect to better examine it.

Peter had no idea what was going on but let out a little moan in his sleep as he seemed to be enjoying the sensation. The creature paid little attention to his moans and continued to caress him wanting to see his penis fully erect so it could prepare for possession. 

The creature examined his cock seemingly unimpressed by his size but still saw it as a suitable and easily transformable organ. While Peter laid there on his back with his erect cock sticking straight up in the air the black cloud began to circle his member making what looked like a little black tornado that seemed to spin faster and faster before its tail touched his tip and began to enter through his urethra sliding down inside until the cloud was gone.

His erection remained there as he slept not moving but after a few minutes, it began to pulse. A red light flowed through his cock as it began to swell and pulse as it started to grow a little becoming more suitable for the demon Koldak as Peter continued to sleep while having very erotic dreams while his rock continued to pulse sending an oddly pleasurable sensation through him before his cock erupted squirting what looked like normal looking cum out from his tip shooting it up into the air before it came splashing back down on him. 

This continued for the next hour every few minutes his cock would cum almost as if Koldak was emptying his balls. Peter's mind was filled with vivid erotic dreams only adding to his pleasure as he grabbed his bed sheets squeezing it in his hands as he blew his load again. The last time he orgasmed instead if a milky white semen there was a mix of what looked like a black slimy liquid within it. Once he blew his load this time his cock finally seemed to stop and lower back down until it was resting against his thigh.

----

The next morning Peter awoke covered in sweat thinking about all those amazing sexual dreams he had experienced in his sleep. He was in a fairly good mood as he sat up before he noticed some stains in his sheets as he was not wearing his boxer shorts and his comforter was on the floor. What was even stranger was his penis which was soft but seemed bigger than it should be as it rested between his legs. 

Staring at it for a moment and even reaching out to hold it for a moment feeling it's thickness which shocked him. It was about 7 inches long soft which he could only imagine what that meant when it was erect. He jumped out of bed feeling this new penis hanging between his legs as he was confused and a little disturbed by everything that was happening. It seemed like his erotic dreams are what had caused the mess in his bed but it still didn't explain his enlarged cock and why the bottom half of him was naked.

Suddenly he heard his doorbell go off followed by a knock at the door. "Who the hell?" He said out loud before he grabbed a pair of jogging pants sliding them on before he headed to his door.

As he looked through the hole he saw his downstairs neighbor Tammy which always complained about the slightest noise he made. Her apartment was identical to his but one floor down so she would often bitch about him walking around with his shoes on. She was actually very cute but she was such a bitch that it just ruined it for him. He dreaded opening the door worried about what she was going to complain about now.

"Good Morning Tammy, what's up?"

"I hate having to come here this much Peter, I am tired of having such a noisy neighbor right above me!"

"Tammy what do you want me to say, this is my home, I don't go out of my way to make noise but I am not going to tiptoe around my own apartment!"

"Well, maybe we should take it up with the landlord then? Is the girl still here?"

"Girl, what girl?"

"Oh come on, it sounded like there was a fucking orgy happening in your room last night, I hope it was fun because when I am done talking to the landlord you won't be..."

"Won't be what?" Peter said surprised by her sudden silence.

"Won't be..." She said as she seemed to be getting light headed.

"Tammy, are you alright?" He asked as she began fanning herself.

He was about to ask her again when he suddenly noticed something happening in his pants. He looked down and saw his penis starting to get hard pressing against his jogging pants as Tammy was still seemingly having some sort of an issue. She began to start touching herself as she looked down at the tent forming in his pants as Peter was suddenly confused at what was going on. Before he could say anything she pushed him back stepping into his apartment and shutting the door.

"Tammy, what the hell?" He asked as she suddenly dropped to her knees pulling off his pants to see the large erect cock before her that seemed to be about 14 inches long.

Tammy stared at it for a moment seemingly entranced by it before she grabbed it and began sucking on the tip. She tried to take it as deep into her mouth as she could which wasn't very deep but it still felt amazing as she worked on his member attacking it with her tongue the best she could. She was like a woman possessed all of a sudden taking her hands and stroking his cock as hard as she could before finally pulling him down to the floor and sliding off her pants before climbing on top of him.

Peter still was confused as to what was happening but then she suddenly impaled herself on his cock letting out a scream. She began riding him which he was amazed he fit inside her without causing her physical harm but she seemed to be enjoying it immensely. She pulled off her shirt and bra grabbing his hands and placing them on her breasts as he started to get into it enjoying the sensation.

"Oh God, Oh Fuck! Fuck me, Peter, oh yeah, Fuck me!" She yelled out as she grunted and moaned over and over again sliding her pussy up and down on his enlarged member. 

Peter couldn't believe how amazing this felt. He should have been concerned with his cock suddenly getting that much bigger overnight and everything else that was going on but at the moment none of it mattered as this sexy petite blonde girl who usually annoyed the crap out of him was suddenly riding him like a crazed cowgirl and it was amazing.

"Oh shit! FUCK!" She screamed out as he felt his cock suddenly erupt inside her making her squirm as she also seemed to orgasm at the same time. 

The feeling seemed to go on for a while and was more intense than any orgasm he had ever felt before making his legs shake as he continued to fill her with his cum. Eventually, she finally stopped and so did his cock as she sat there straddled on him with a satisfied look in her eye's. Biting her bottom lips she slid herself off of him almost seemingly cumming again as she did before she grabbed the edge of the couch holding herself up.

"Oh fuck, that was amazing!" She said grabbing her clothes seemingly having trouble walking as she headed for the door. "I'll um, oh fuck, I'll see you later." She said with a smile as she slid her pants and shirt back on before leaving his apartment.

Peter felt great as he laid on the floor still reeling from the experience. He sat up and saw something a little disturbing as his erect cock was dripping with some sort of black oozy liquid. A little shocked and concerned he got up and ran to the bathroom turning on the shower to get cleaned off. He jumped in and started to try to figure out what to do. He began to think maybe he should call his doctor and have his dick checked out because he knew something was wrong here.

"No, do not do that!" A deep voice suddenly said breaking the silence.

"What the fuck! Who said that?"

"Do not call a doctor, or tell anyone!" The voice continued to say.

"Who are you, where are you?"

"I am here." The voice said as Peter noticed a dim red flash under his eye's as he looked down at his cock. "I am the demon Koldak!" The voice said as his cock seemed to glow red every time the voice spoke.

"Aaahhhhhhhhh!" He screamed out as the voice he was hearing seemed to be coming from his penis.

"Stop screaming and calm yourself!" The penis said glowing still.

"Holy shit, holy shit! I've lost it fucking mind!"

"I said enough!" Koldak said as his cock suddenly erect itself fully before he began to cum uncontrollably squirt black ooze all over the shower wall making his knee's buckle before he collapsed to the floor. 

"Oh, shit..." He continued to whisper to himself as he was suddenly tired as his cock still dripped black ooze from its tip after that intense orgasm.

"That is better."

"What are you?"

"I am the demon Koldak."

"Why are you inside my penis?"

"I was a sex demon centuries ago until I was cursed and list my body except for my cock. I was then used as a sex toy to pleasure the god's who had a use for me."

"That didn't answer my question."

"My most recent master left me at Lilith's Erotic Emporium, that is where I jumped into your bag and came home with you, once you were asleep I possessed your reproductive organ changing it physically and emptying you of your reproductive fluids only to replace them with my own."

"What do you want from me?"

"For now, I want sexual pleasure."

"Well, you don't seem to need my help to make me cum."

"You don't understand, what just happened with that female you were physically attracted to, I can make any woman want to have sex with you."

Peter sat there for a moment processing what he had just heard before he said: "Wait, really?"

"Yes, any sexually attractive female you desire I can make them lust for you."

Peter was sure he was going crazy as he sat there on the shower floor having a conversation with a supposed demon possessing his penis at the moment.

"What's in this for you, and what happens to them?"

"They will not be physically harmed."

"Yeah but, what about this black sludge of yours, I don't want to impregnate a bunch of women with demon babies."

"That black fluid is not reproductive in nature."

"Oh, so what does it do?"

"Do not concern yourself with things like that, all that matters is your sexual satisfaction."

"It is tempting," he said as he was still trying to wrap his head around what was happening. "But this just seems a little strange and almost too good to be true."

"I have possessed your sexual organ, if I wanted to hurt you I could."

"True."

"Go and find a female, and she is yours for as long as you would like to have sex with her."

"Okay Koldak, I think we have a deal."

"Very well, however, I know what you are going to ask and I have no power over Nessira Ravenhill."

"How did you know I was going to ask that?"

"I know what you desire, The Red Witch is beyond my control."

"The Red Witch? What do you mean by that?"

"Nessira is the Red Witch of Raven Hill and the daughter of the Succubus Queen Lilith."

"Wow, really? I just thought she was a super hot woman who ran a sex toy shop."

"Nessira is very physically attractive, I was employed by her mother Lilith most recently and have served their family well, though I have never tasted the red witch."

"Bummer, well, I am sure you have had some amazing women."

"I have tasted of the Goddess Lilith herself and many others, so yes, I have tasted many beautiful creatures going back to my true love."

"Nice, what was her name?" Koldak remained silent for a moment as Peter waited. Assuming he did not want to answer he asked: "so what now?"

"That is your choice, once you find a woman you wish to have sex with I will do the rest."

"Well, I've already cum twice today so..."

"That does not matter, you can have sex as many times as you want, I will make each time pleasurable."

"Oh shit, okay Koldak, let's see what you got," Peter said standing back up and finishing his shower before he dried off and got dressed. He noticed a small stone looking thing sticking out from his backpack as he walked over and slid out the penis statue. "I assume this is how you got here?"

"Yes, it was my transport."

"I see, this doesn't look human, you aren't gonna make my penis look like this are you?"

"I can if you would like," Koldak said while Peter fell to the floor as penis began to feel strange. 

"Wait wait, I like my penis the way it is, oh fuck... That feels good though."

"While I am inside you the pleasure you will feel may be different than what you are used to as a human."

"Oh fuck, that was kind of amazing."

"Go and find a suitable female, and I will show you more pleasures."

"Sounds like a plan." He said pulling himself up. "Just um, try to keep a low profile if you know what I mean, I don't want to scare anyone or walk around with a giant erection that everyone can see."

"I will do as you ask."

"Awesome, let's go." He said grabbing his keys before heading out.

"Hold the elevator!" A woman's voices said as Peter stopped the door from closing letting her in. "Thanks, Peter!" She said.

It was his neighbor Heather who lived a few doors down from him. She was very friendly and was in her mid-forties but she was a very attractive woman and he couldn't help but notice how nice she looked wearing a sundress that showed off her very nice and smooth looking legs. He smiled at her before the elevator door closed and stood there waiting for it to drop. 

As he stood there he suddenly got an idea but wasn't sure how to ask Koldak to do it without her hearing him but he suddenly felt his cock twitch a little. He thought it was a little weird but then he noticed Heather start to sweat a little before she turned to him. She reached out and grabbed the emergency stop switch stopping the elevator before she pushed him aga8nst the wall and started kissing him.

Peter was shocked that it was literally that easy and Koldak could basically read his mind. She reached for his belt pulling it off and pulling his pants down before she stood up and slid her panties off. She backed against the wall smiling as she lifted up her skirt and lifted her leg showing off her pussy for him to see. Without hesitation, he stepped forward shoving Koldak in between her legs and thrusting his hips.

Heather let out a moan of satisfaction as Peter put his hand around her waist as he continued to fuck her. She slid down her shoulder straps showing off her breasts as he noticed she was not wearing a bra. She was a bit of a hippy so it didn't surprise him as he leaned down and began sucking on her nipples a little as her moans grew louder and louder.
