 Hello, everyone. This is my first erotic fiction story, so I decided to go with one of my favorite genres: erotic horror. Feedback is welcome and appreciated. I hope you enjoy the twisted insides of my fantasies as much as I do.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Max tumbled down the familiar front three steps of the frat house, landing sprawled on the concrete path to University Way. He scrambled to his feet, wildly glancing behind himself as he sprinted away as fast as possible. He had to put as much distance between himself and the nightmare he had just witnessed.

'This is fucking f-FUCKED! 'he thought to himself, barely able to gulp enough oxygen to keep himself conscious. 

The pedestrian street was lit by flickering street lights that turned every shadowy bush into a manic grin, a face in the dark that cackled at the young man fleeing down the street. Max tore down the street, hoping against hope that one of the other houses had students staying behind for the winter holidays. Darkened windows greeted him from the nearest three, and he'd have to make a right and run another quarter mile to get to some others. Instead, he chose to cut through the yard and take refuge in the forest, hoping the shadows of the trees could protect him from the horror that undoubtedly pursued him.

50 feet into the forest, he skidded to a halt and tried to catch his breath.

"Shit...shit shit SHIT SHIT SHIT!" he swore quietly, the cool night air like knives in his lungs. Max had never been more scared in his life. This was unbelievable. Was he going crazy? 

Max pressed himself up against a tree and tried to quiet his panting. The woods were comfortably silent around him, the odd insect making a brave call into the still night air. He stole a glance around the tree in an attempt to detect anyone-or more accurately THING- that might be chasing him. Sweat ran into his eyes, stinging and causing his vision to blur. He furiously grabbed his shirt, pulling it up to wipe his face and exposing his trunk to the air.

"You could just keep on going there, you know. Take it right off, pet." a velvety voice chuckled from behind him.

Max jumped like he'd been shocked, whirling around to face the source of the noise. He had enough time to register a pale humanoid shape before an unseen force wrapped around his throat and hoisted him off the ground. Max groped around his neck, trying to relieve the pressure on his windpipe and fighting for air. Whatever had gripped him didn't have a physical thing to grab so he pulled at nothing. Black spots danced at the corner of his vision and unconsciousness threatened to take him from this nightmare.

"Shhhhh...don't worry, pet. It'll be over soon." she crooned at him from several feet below. 

He passed out.

48 minutes earlier.

Maximillian Francis Scott hated Christmas. He hated Christmas music. He hated Christmas decorations. He hated it all. Christmas time brought to the surface memories that he wished would remain repressed. Christmas marked the anniversary of the untimely loss of his parents at the hands of a drunken 43-year-old that couldn't take a taxi home. He had, of course, survived. They always do.

Max, however, was one of the lucky ones. He had ended up in an orphanage that had provided as good of an environment as they could, and he had worked his ass off to get where he was. Allman University had been his first choice, and while far from Ivy League, it was at least partially reputable. His intended major had him studying far more than a 19-year-old would like, but he still stayed afloat.

Max had been thrilled to meet some of the boys from Triple Kapps at the annual freshman bash, and had been invited to pledge by the end of the year. He went from rooming with an odd German student with an athletic scholarship to having a room to himself at the creaky old frat house that Kappa Kappa Kappa called home. Sure, it smelled of mold and spilled beer, and the drywall had more than a few holes in it, but it was at least his for the moment. 

Triple Kapps was not a fraternity for jocks. The basement was unfinished concrete, and makeshift plywood tables lined the walls. In stark contrast to the raw and dusty room, high-end gaming computers were wedged next to each other and 

connected with a jumble of cables. On the ground level, antique arcade machines filled what should be a dining room and a veritable amphitheater of second-hand couches focused their gaze on a projector screen that had been known to host some pretty heated Smash Bros. tournaments. 

On December 22nd, however, Max didn't feel like playing any of the games. He didn't even feel like talking to the other guys that had decided to remain over the winter holidays. Max had gotten an older friend to score him a lovely bottle of whiskey, and he was going to drink enough of it to forget that his parents were taken from him on this very night six years ago.

Arriving in his small room, Max caught a glance of his reflection in the mirror he had hanging on the wall. His sandy hair never sat straight, and he didn't really understand how to buy clothes for himself, but he supposed he was roguishly attractive. He had a bit of a hooked nose that bisected his steel blue eyes that always seemed a bit tired. Max ran track in high school, which had kept most bulky muscle from forming, giving him a wiry frame.

He had just sat down at his desk with a Solo cup full of whiskey and Coke when Steve, his older neighbor, pounded on the door.

Max cursed the interruption and reluctantly answered the door, greeted by a very excited pudgy man with thick, black rimmed spectacles.

"Holy shit Max. Holy SHIT. You're not gonna believe this at all. Bro, you gotta come down stairs, time NOW." he exclaimed. He was practically dancing.

Max tried not to visibly convey his annoyance to his begrudging friend. "Hey man. Look, now's not really a good time. I'm pretty bummed and I kinda just wanted a quiet night. Maybe some other time?" he told his excited frat brother. 

Steve visibly deflated, casting his eyes downwards. He wasn't particularly popular, even amongst the guys that populated their bastion to nerdiness. Max had been one of the few people to allow Steve to open up, and though he found him a little bit off putting at times, they maintained a shaky friendship. A friendship that could not prevent Max from drowning his sorrows in alcohol. "A-alright. That's fine. I just...well I found something really cool a-and I've been working on it for a while...I thought you'd like to maybe help me with it. The other guys didn't want to come and..." Steve trailed off. 

Max sighed loudly and pinched the bridge of his nose. He punched his friend in the shoulder lightly and laughed. "Alright you fuckin' baby, let's go. Show me your damned science project." He man handled his neighbor and frog-marched him back down the hallway towards the stairs.

They meandered through the house until they ended up at the stairs to the basement. Max peered into the darkness and saw a faint light emanating from the gloom. "Dude, why are the lights off? I'm going to break my fucking neck down these stairs..." he said while fumbling for the light switch next to the door frame. 

"NO!" Steve exclaimed, "Wait just a sec. I have candles down there. I don't want you to spoil the atmosphere." he finished the statement by hunching his shoulders and taking on the accent of a stereotypical mad scientist. Max chuckled and headed into the darkness, gripping the rail so as not to trip and fall.

He carefully proceeded down the stairs, finally arriving at the foot as his eyes adjusted to the darkness. The usual congregation of chairs had been swept to the outer edge, and there was a large clearing in the center of the room. 

Candles illuminated the unpainted drywall from atop the plywood tables and shed light on a bizarre scene in the cleared space.

A ring of candles lit an intricate drawing on the concrete floor, interlocking concentric circles that spiraled and danced among themselves. Max though it resembled some ridiculous old satanic ritual, maybe even fit for an old horror movie. However, as he followed the design with his eyes, he was forced to look away. Something about the circle made him uneasy, made his head hurt. 

"Steve, what the hell is this? Are you into some weird...I don't know, cult shit? Have you been spending too much time on the internet?" he asked, notes of disquiet in his voice. 

"Whoa, no man. D-don't worry. No...I mean, I have been kind of doing a lot of research, but no. This shit is for real man. For REAL. I've found some real stuff, I think. Let me explain." He approached the circle and began to slowly pace around it. "It's all about circles, bro. Geometry. The message is translated into circles." He pointed to the three largest circles in the design, together forming a kind of triangle. "I wrote a kind of communication spell that should allow us to talk to someone from a different plane of existence! We stand in two of these, and then the entity that we want to contact appears in the third."

Max stared at him while trying to keep from laughing.

"Steve man...are you fucking insane? " he asked incredulously, "What even is this shit? I don't do weird stuff man. I know we're friends and stuff but this is freaky. I am out." he said, starting for the stairs.

"Max please." Steve begged, "Please man. I've spent days drawing this perfectly. One mistake and it won't work. Look, if it fails then you can freaking make fun of me for the rest of forever, but please can you just stay here for a bit? It'll take like five minutes, tops." 

Steve's posture and eyes begged like a kid wanting ice cream on the way home from school. Max turned to leave, hesitated, and sighed in defeat. "Okay man. Five minutes and I'm out." he warned.

"AHAAAA! I knew you were curious!" Steve exclaimed happily. He grabbed Max's arm and dragged him to the circle. "Alright, step over. Yeah, like that. Don't touch the chalk or it'll screw it up. Okay just stand there." he ordered, coaching him into position. 

"Do I have to stand any particular way or, like, say anything?" Max inquired. 

"No, no. You just, uh, you just stand there. I've got to do some stuff real quick." Steve scurried over to a cleared-off table and busied himself with something that made little clinking noises. He returned holding a few small bottles filled with some unknown substances. 

"What the hell are those?" Max asked. Steve carefully placed each bottle at seemingly related positions inside the circle. 

"Iron filings. Blood from a rabbit. Hair. Virginal semen-" he listed, placing the bottles in their positions. "SEMEN?! DUDE WHAT THE FUCK?!" Max shouted, recoiling from his friend.

"Whoa, what? It's mine! I washed my hands and shit!" he defended. 

Max stared at the bottle in disgust before reasoning that it couldn't hurt him from inside a glass bottle. "Ha. Virgin huh? How old are you?" Max teased. He could deal with semen in a bottle, but it was his duty to tease his friend's odd activities. 

"Oh. Very funny. Yeah well, it's needed for the contact. Some kind of offering I think. Iron filings for protection, hair for a link to the entity, yadda yadda." 

Max's face took on a thoughtful look, "Hey, what are you trying to get from this? Are you like trying to summon a demon or something? You know wishes to genies almost always end up bad..." he admonished. His friend's dedication to this strangeness was starting to concern him.

Steve stopped mid-movement. "Ah, well I guess it's like, in the name of science, you know? I've always been interested in the supernatural. Who wouldn't take the chance to try and talk to someone from another...plane or something? Plus...I'm trying to summon a, ah, particular type of entity. One of the female persuasion." he finished with a bit of an insane giggle. 

Max was stunned. "Dude, are you trying to like get dating advice from some ghost or something?" he asked incredulously. 

"No man, it's not going to be a ghost." he replied, waving his hand in dismissal. He returned to his work without continuing to answer the question.

Max stood in silence, pondering the intentions of his friend. What could he really be up to? His unease was starting to develop into fright when Steve pronounced everything ready and carefully stepped over to his circle. The remaining person-sized circle stared ominously at Max, presently empty. What if this actually worked? He decided that if anything weird happened he'd immediately bolt for the stairs and not look back.

Steve pulled out a piece of crumpled notebook paper and began to read the words on the page. They must have been in some sort of foreign language, because Max had never heard anything like it before in his life. The words were the verbal equivalent of metal being cut by a band saw and they almost dripped with malice, making the hair stand up on his neck and arms. Max made up his mind and tensed his muscles to sprint away.

Steve finished the short passage as though the words themselves were sucked out of his mouth, rather than him pushing the air out as usual. Every candle went out at once as icy terror gripped Max with an iron fist. 

He attempted to flee only to find that his feet refused to respond to the commands of his brain and remained rooted in place. The chalk lines around the very outer rim of the circle glowed to life, shining with a scarlet light that hurt to look at and the light flowed into the inner lines of the circle like water, slowly filling up the entire design. Max glanced at Steve to see a look of sheer worship on his face, his mouth open in a crazed smile and slight amounts of droll running from one of the corners. 

Max tried to overbalance himself and topple out of the circle, but whatever unseen force kept him in place also seemed to prevent him from moving much in the upper body area. The air around him had become uncomfortably warm, and his horror grew as the light nearly finished filling the entire design. All of the sudden, the lines of the circle dimmed to a deep red that didn't quite hurt the eyes so much.

Max jerked his head towards the remaining circle and what he saw almost made him pass out.

Standing in the third circle was the most beautiful women Max had ever seen. She was short, and he had her by a few inches, but with the proportions of a perfect centerfold. Alabaster skin caught the dim red glow of the glyph on the floor, almost reflecting into the gloom. Her face held the innocent elfin form of a girl in her teens, but her body was another story altogether. 

Her hips flared wide and shrank into a narrow waist, which were topped with some of the most perfectly proportioned tits that Max had ever seen. Easily the size of grapefruits, they jutted out in defiance of gravity like a plastic surgeons dream. She was also stark naked, with her hairless pussy and dark areola exposed for the two young men to see in all their glory. Toned legs ended in dainty feet, and her flat stomach was muscled like an athlete, but not so much so to remove from her femininity. Her face may have portrayed a youthful appearance, but her finger teasing her exposed pussy told a completely different story.

That was where here human similarities ended, though. She had, completely to the surprise of Max's dumbfounded brain, a large pair of what appeared to be wings of a bird or eagle behind her of a color that was so dark it surpassed black. A perfect pair of rams horns extended from her raven hair and a tail-like appendage was slowly and sinuously waving behind her. She presented herself to the young men like she wanted them to look, like she knew they couldn't look away.

Steve spoke as if a man possessed, "Dark Goddess, I have summoned you to do my bidding. Heed my word. Take this mortal as your offering, let his pathetic life anchor you to this plane!" he spat, gesturing at Max wildly. 

Max started in surprise and attempted to bring his hands up into something of a fighting position. He may be scared, but growing up without parents meant that he'd had to develop some skills to hold his own when some of the other children had gotten rough. However, his arms moved as though in cold honey, and it took him far too long to bring them to even chest level.

The lovely woman fixed Max in a cold, hard gaze. For the first time, he saw her eyes. They were milk white with a fine slit down the center, divided like the pupils of a snake. As she stared at him he felt himself pulled in, unable to look away. His arms dropped uselessly at his side, despite the voice in the back of his head screaming for him to run.

Her glamor spell having taken hold of Max, she shut her eyes and languidly stretched her arms above her head, causing her lovely breasts to present themselves to the young men. She turned to Steve and gave him a half smile that could have started a forest fire for all the heat that it contained.

"I'll be happy to deal with your friend in a bit, meat, but first you and I have to have a bit of a...chat." she finished with a sultry wink. She lifted one of her lovely bare legs, seemingly unaffected by the invisible force that bound Max, and took a step towards Steve. 

His expression changed instantly from power-drunken happiness to fear. "Y-y-you're not sup-posed-d to be a-able to do th-that...how c-can you get out? I spent hours on these glyphs!" he stammered. He tried to take a step back but found himself rooted in the same manner that Max was. "It was perfect! I was perfect!" he practically sobbed, "I planned everything! I want revenge on all these ants! These fucking maggots!" He began to cry noisily, stopping the demon in her tracks. Her smile faded from a look of seduction to a look of pity.

"Oh you poor thing. No, no, don't cry. Here. Let me help you." she said, voice filled with concern. She took the remaining two steps and reached out with her hand. 

Max saw a shiny glint as she extended a single finger and touched the now bawling man on his forehead. Her expression instantly lost all compassion as Steve let out a scream of agony and discontent. 

Max watched in horror as his friend's skin began to blister with blackened corruption that spread out to cover his face like veins of sewage. It rapidly covered his whole face and rotted it to the skull, just as she pressed her finger through the thick bone and into his brain. 

She began to first pant, then moan loudly and Max noticed the familiar scent of feminine arousal fill the air. Her other hand grasped and mauled her breast as Steve's body seemingly shrank and wizened. She began to thrash her head back and forth while Max's former friend's body rotted away, finally becoming just ash and a pile of clothing on the floor. The moaning rose in a crescendo, ending in a shriek that was as human as the cry of an animal. The demon's finger had bored a hole clean into Steve's cranial cavity, and she wore his skull like a macabre ring. She calmed down from her passions, panting, slowing the heaving of her perfect tits. 

As much as Max hated it, he felt the stirrings of arousal begin to cloud his mind.

She relaxed her finger and Steve's skull fell to the floor, resulting in a loud clunk that was as a gunshot to Max. He had just watched his friend die, so he did what any normal human would do. He threw up. 

Whatever dark magic constrained him would not allow him to bend over, so the contents of his stomach were ejected at a 90-degree angle from his body. They were affected by some gravitational abnormalities of the circle and then plopped to the floor with a sickening sound. The lines of the circle were covered by vomit, and thus were incomplete. The circle gave a flicker and almost seemed to short circuit, immediately freeing Max from his bonds. Blind animal instinct kicked in and he turned to flee just as the demon turned her murderous gaze on him. He tore up the stairs and towards the front door, only to plow into the other two remaining occupants of the house.
