 Joshua stood inside a strange shop he had always wanted to check out. It was nothing like what he expected as he saw many strange artifacts around him. He was expecting to see sex toys and DVD's, maybe even mannequins wearing lingerie but this seemed to be more of a witchcraft store or something like that.

"Can I help you?" A woman's voice said from behind him as he spun around and saw a very stunning blonde standing there with a smile on her face.

"Holy... You scared me," he said as his heart raced.

"My apologies, I guess I don't make a lot of sounds when I move," she said laughing to herself a little understanding why Nessira loved to do that to her customers. "So what brings you in today?"

"I um, I'm not sure, I've always wanted to check this place out but it's not quite what I was expecting."

"We get that a lot, maybe if you tell me what you are looking for I can help?"

"Well, I..." He said finding it hard to think as he was distracted by Shadow's immense beauty.

She could tell he was aroused by her which she always found flattering. She was even thinking of having her way with him as she hadn't actually fed off a human in a long time but she had a lot more control now so she pushed those feelings back and continued to do her job.

"Up here," she said pointing at her eye's.

"What... Oh, I'm so sorry, it's just, you're so..."

"It's alright, if you're in this store then it's for a reason, but I have a boyfriend so calm down."

"I'm sorry, I'll just um..." He said pointing at the door.

"Nonsense, nothing wrong with looking, but don't touch," she said in a stern voice. "Now let's see what we can do for you," she said as she began to look through the stock still trying to get a sense of what he wanted. "So you are single I take it?"

"That obvious?"

"You're in here aren't you, but you're not a bad looking guy, maybe it's a confidence issue or maybe... Ah, I see what it is."

"You do?" He said with some panic in his voice.

"I think I know what you need, this way," she said as he followed her over to the counter noticing how good her ass looked through the fabric of her dress. "You want something different," she said as she pulled out a book and began flipping through the pages as she used the senses Nessira had taught her to read what people desire. "I think I have the perfect thing for you if you are interested?"

"I'm not sure what you mean?"

"Here is an address, should I tell them 8:00?"

"What are you talking about, where am I going?"

"To visit a business partner of ours, she'll take good care of you."

"What? You mean like a... That's not what I was thinking at all."

"She is not a prostitute, Madam Estrella likes to... Help young men like you who have desires that are, shall we say, not the norm?"

"Not the norm, What do you mean?"

"You are attracted to me, for starters and..."

"Well, I mean, look at you, you are breathtaking!"

"That's sweet, but first, don't interrupt me, and also it's more than that, you find me mysterious, you walk into a shop filled with strange artifacts and see an attractive woman, but your mind is racing, you start to wonder how she was able to sneak up on you, how she knows these things about you, you start to wonder if she is even human, and instead of fear, the idea just arouses you even more, you want a taste of something otherworldly, even if it's dangerous." Joshua stands there sweating trying to hide the bulge in his pants as Shadow raises an eyebrow and smiles at him before glancing down at his pants. "You might want to save that for tonight, 8:00 pm at this address," she says handing him a piece of paper.

"I um... I don't know."

"Trust me, she is exactly what you want, and if you are dissatisfied, you can always come back and we can try again."

"Maybe I will anyway," he said with a smile.

Shadow's face became very serious looking before she stood up straight and walked around the counter getting right up in front of him. She was close enough that he could feel her breath against his skin as she glared into his eye's. He was confused for a moment not sure what she was doing when he noticed her eye's seemed to glow for a moment. 

Joshua began to feel a little dizzy until he was no longer in the store. It was strange as he wasn't sure what was going on but he was laying in bed with Shadow riding his cock like crazy. He could feel the sensation and it was better than anything he had ever felt before. 

As this went on he got closer to orgasm as he noticed a strange glowing down near his crotch. He wasn't sure what was happening but her eye's turned red and her skin turned black as she glared down at him. Fear came over him and just as his cock finally bursts he felt his body start to break apart like it was burning up. His hands turned to ash as he let out a scream of pleasure before his vocal cords broke apart as well and he seemingly was dead.

He suddenly jerked back as he was in the store again but he tripped and fell to the floor with a thud. Shadow stood before him with her arms folding glaring down at him with a smirk. Joshua pulled himself back up embarrassed by what just happened.

"That is what will happen if I were to fuck you like you've been imagining since you first saw me, still interested?" She said waiting for his reply.

"What the fuck, I'm so sorry, I..."

"Don't be, now if you want to have an amazing experience with a better survival rate, be at that address at 8:00 tonight."

Joshua was still shocked and confused as he stumbled bumping into a nearby shelf. He turned and headed for the door rushing to his car as Shadow watched him drive off. She stood by the door for a moment as she heard Kevin come walking down to see what the commotion was. She locked the door before she turned to greet her lover.

"Everything okay down here?" He asked seeing Shadow smiling up at him.

"Just showing some guy what would happen if he kept flirting with me." She said before walking over to him.

"Ha, lucky guy."

Shadow was now right up against him as she said: "well, if you want the full show," as he suddenly felt her unzip his pants and pull his cock out which was getting harder by the second.

"Um... When uh... When are your Mother and Patrick due back?"

"Not for a few days," she said as her tail suddenly curled up and wrapped around his shaft.

"Oh... Fuck!"

"The door is locked," she said with a smile before she kissed him and pulled him on top of her as they fell to the floor.

----

Joshua pulled up to what looked like a big house in the middle of nowhere. It was practically a mansion that he didn't even know existed but there also seemed to be an event going on like a party or something. He was nervous and not sure if he should just go home and forget about all of this. He was still a little freaked out by what the woman at the shop did to him earlier.

Finding what courage he could muster he finally parked his car and walked towards the front door of the house. There was a lot of commotion coming from inside that sounded like one of those parties he'd see on TV about rich people. He was wearing a black button-up and dark pants but he still felt grossly underdressed for where he was.

As he approached the door ready to knock it suddenly opened and there was an elderly man standing there in a suit. He assumed maybe he was the butler or something as he just glares at him unsure of who this young man was and what he was doing here.

"Can I help you?" The man said as Josh stood there nervous.

"I am terribly sorry, I think I have the wrong address, is this the home of Madam Estrella? I was given this address and..."

Before he could finish the old man interrupted him and said: "ah yes, you must be Mr. Joshua, she is expecting you, right this way," he said opening the door wider and inviting him inside.

"Thank you, I hope I am not interrupting anything."

"Not at all, wait here," the Butler said before walking away only to stop and ask: "can I get you anything?"

"Huh, no I'm fine to thank you," he said feeling even more nervous as he stood in a large front hallway with a huge staircase in front of him.

To his right, he could hear people talking and turned to see a room filled with people all nicely dressed, drinking wine, and chatting. He began to think something was strange though the longer he stared. It was like there were some people who seemed out of place in the group but he wasn't sure why.

"Ooh, who is this tasty morsel right here?" A young woman said coming from another room behind him. "Why don't you spend the evening with me, Honey!" She said walking up and getting a closer look at him.

She was a rather attractive brunette but he wasn't sure if this was Madam Estrella or not but he didn't think so. A moment later he heard another voice behind him as he turned around and saw a beautiful blond woman in a black dress standing in the doorway glaring at the other woman.

"Elizabeth, Joshua here is a guest of mine, so I suggest you leave him be and return to the party."

"My apologies Madam Estrella, I did not know." She said with a little fear in her voice as she quickly returned to the group.

"Sorry about that," she said as she walked over to get a closer look.

"Not at all, it's very um... Nice to meet you, Miss Estrella," he said gently shaking her hand noticing the long black gloves she was wearing and getting a better look at this beautiful woman with her hair tied up in a tail.

"Nervous, and cute, I can see why she sent you my way."

"Um... Thanks, you look... well amazing, if you don't mind me saying."

"Now why would I mind such a compliment?" She said as she began to circle him seemingly to get a good look at him almost like a predator examining her prey.

"I don't know, I just um, this is a lovely home you have here."

"Attractive, polite, I love it, you are perfect."

"I am? Sorry, honestly I'm not even sure what I am doing here, this woman at a shop I was in... Well, she,"

"Lilith's Erotic Emporium, yes, Shadow told me you were coming."

"Shadow?"

"The woman you spoke with, her name is Shadow, I am a friend of her mother Nessira."

"Oh, such an odd name for someone so..."

"She is a beauty isn't she, yet so dangerous, but you know that don't you?" She said with a grin as if she knew of the vision Shadow showed him. "Beautiful women often are, that is how were lure in unsuspecting men, like you," she said in an almost teasing fashion. "but if she sent you my way then she must be doing a good job running the store, Nessira will be proud when she returns."

"Returns?"

"She's on her honeymoon, but enough about them, let's talk about you."

"Me, there isn't much to talk about."

"I don't believe that one bit, you seem fascinating to me, a strange aura about you, but perhaps you are right, besides you didn't come here to talk did you?"

"I um, as I said before, I'm not sure why I am here actually."

"Your water Sir?" Geoffery said as he had returned and was handing him a bottle of water.

"Oh, I'm alright, thanks."

"Trust me, you might want to drink up." Madam Estrella said with a smile handing him the bottle. "Wouldn't want you to get dehydrated."

"Um, okay, as you wish Madam," he said taking a sip.

"Please, call me Mercy," she said as she leaned in close to him and whispered: "everyone begs for Mercy," before sucking on his earlobe for a second and taking him by the hand leading him into the party. 

He was extremely uncomfortable and felt very underdressed but he was also very turned on by what she had just said to him. She was an absolute beauty who had the body of a woman in her twenties but something about her made her seem much older. It was something he saw in her eyes, almost as if there was wisdom behind them and perhaps even darkness.

He was sort of lost in the clutter of voices around him as she seemed to mingle a little and introduce him to a few people. He couldn't remember any of their names, he just smiled politely and shook hands when needed and was as polite as he could be.

He suddenly heard something that caught his attention when he heard a man say: "Madam Estrella, will you be joining the festivities tonight?"

"Festivities?" He thought to himself.

"I'm afraid not, I have a more private matter to attend to this evening," she said as she turned towards Joshua and grinned. "This is actually my date for the evening, his name is Joshua, Joshua, this is Mr. Mordon," she said introducing to an older looking man.

"Pleasure," Joshua said shaking his hand noticing a rather strong grip.

"Oh, my dear boy, Mercy here will show you the meaning of the word," he said with a strange grin on his face which almost made Joshua feel uncomfortable.

"Oh stop it," Mercy said with a giggle before they moved on.

Joshua was even more confused by what sort of party this was and what exactly he had stumbled upon. He was getting nervous but also aroused at the same time which he thought was strange. He actually was starting to think he might die tonight but he couldn't pull himself away to escape. 

"Is this some sort of cult?" He thought to himself as she leads him around even more.

He began to notice some strange things happening but he wasn't sure if his imagination was just getting the best of him. He saw a couple making out on a couch but for a moment he thought he saw fangs. As he glanced around he saw a woman kissing a guys neck before she seemingly bit into it but someone walked in the way before he could see clearly what had happened.

"Well it is getting late, and things are about to get a little crazy down here, shall we?" She asked him raising an eyebrow.

"Where are we going?"

"You'll see, follow me," she said before leading him out of the large room and shutting the door behind her.

She was taking him up the stairs when they heard Geoffrey again say: "will you be needing anything else this evening Madam?"

"No Geoffrey, that will be all for tonight, just make sure the cleaners are here early tomorrow," she said before turning back to Joshua and continuing up the stairs.

"Cleaners?"

"These parties tend to get a bit messy, but don't you worry about a thing," she said with a giggle as they continued on.

Joshua knew why he was here for the most part but he didn't want to assume anything. What bothered him was what he thought he saw downstairs but he wasn't exactly sure what he saw. Soon Mercy opened too large doors into what he assumed was her bedroom. The bed was huge and the decor was interesting as she definitely had expensive taste. The bed was covered in red sheets and the curtains were closed covering the windows.

"Wow, so this is very nice." He said standing there with his hands in his pockets visibly nervous.

Mercy walked over to him and placed her hands on his neck gently pulling him towards her. As her lips met his heart raced but he also felt a calm wash over him at the same time. Her thumbs gently rubbed his cheeks through the long black gloves she was wearing. He enjoyed the moment very much as her scent filled his nostrils and her taste came upon his tongue.

"Tell me," she said after pulling her lips away. "Am I what you expected?"

"I honestly didn't know what to expect, but you are..." He paused as she stared at him curious about what he was going to say. "Just stunning, I mean I've never met anyone as beautiful as you."

Mercy smiled at his compliment before she said: "but?"

"Um, but nothing," he said even more nervous.

"There is something on your mind, just say it."

"Um, well, forgive me but, I'm not sure you're entirely human," he said in an almost joking way knowing it sounded a little crazy.

She smiled at him as her hand gently continued to stroke his cheek before she gave him another gentle kiss and said: "of course I'm not human, you didn't come here for the pleasures of mortal flesh."

She let go of him and turned towards the bed before she began to slide off her gloves as Joshua stood there now even more nervous. "Ha, that's uh... That's a good one," he said with a chuckle.

"There is no need of that, you saw it downstairs didn't you? The feeding had already begun, that is why I got you out of there quickly, I didn't want to share."

Joshua swallowed as he began to sweat. "Wait... So you're a... And I'm... Your dinner?" He asked as his voice squeaked with panic.

She turned back to him with a smile that showed her fangs before she said: "trust me, we will both get what we want tonight."

Before Joshua could even think of trying to run she was up against him again with her hand on the back of his neck looking into his eye's. He knew it was too late and he could not escape even if he wanted to. Even if he could have somehow outrun her there was a bunch more of her kind downstairs.

"I uh... You're going to..."

"Shh," she said placing her finger on his lips to silence him. "We both need something tonight, so why don't we stop fighting it and just have our way with each other, I promise that whatever happens, you will not be disappointed.

She slid the tie out of her hair letting her blonde locks fall across her shoulders. She looked absolutely breathtaking and despite his fear, he still wanted her so badly it almost hurt. She reached back behind her neck as he heard something release before her dress fell to her feet leaving her standing there naked in front of him. Placing her hand on his neck again she pulled him in tasting his lips as the passion between them grew stronger.

She traced her fingernails down his chest before taking her index finger and cutting off his top button. Her nails were sharp but she was like a surgeon with them as she could touch his skin gently enough to the point it almost tickled or she could draw blood at any second which he found out when she gently poke the side of his neck before removing her lips from his to taste a drop of his blood.

"Hmm, my favorite," she said licking it off her finger before she began kissing his neck where she had drawn the blood. The hairs stood up on the back of his neck as she sucked on it for a moment before the bleeding stopped. "Save that for later, you need to keep some in order to keep things, shall we say, stiff?" She said as her hands found there way down to his pants unzipping them and letting them drop to the floor as her finger traced along the bulge in his underwear. "Even with the fear in your eye's, you still desire me?"

"I... More than anything."

She smiled before she began to lower herself down in front of him. He felt her slide down his underwear freeing his aching manhood. He was nervous, not of her biting his cock but he was worried whether or not he was big enough for her. He was not small by any means but he also assumed a Vampire who may be centuries old would have seen and had all different sizes so it had him a concerned. Her fingernail traced along the side of his shaft gently not cutting his flesh at all.

He stood there still nervous but excited at the same time as she seemed to be examining his manhood. She did not seem to mind his size or at least made no comment about it before he felt her lips gently tracing along the side of his cock. His body shivered at the sensation as he found himself becoming more curious than afraid.

He had always read stories about Vampires and how they were very sexual creatures. At least that was how they were depicted in books and Hollywood but despite the fact he was almost certain he could die tonight he still couldn't wait to see what making love to this immortal bloodsucker would be like. 

"Oh... Fuck!" He moaned out as he suddenly felt her lips wrap around his cock.

Despite the fangs in her mouth, she was very good. This may have been the best blow job he had ever felt. She was definitely talented with her tongue but he assumed that was after many years of practice. He almost didn't care if she did kill him at this point because he did not want this to stop.
