 This story is a special request and links to the Rak-Sasha series by author of the same name. Please enjoy.

*****

Doctor Thompson, was so excited about the latest delivery to the museum. She had been waiting years to get a look at this book and now that it was here under the same roof as her she couldn't wait until morning as she slid her ID card and headed into her lab.

"It's right there on your table Doctor," Freddy the nightly security guard said as she walked through the door.

"Thank you, Freddy."

"I knew you weren't gonna wait until morning for this," he said with a laugh.

"I have waited so long for this, I can sleep later."

"Of course, well if you need anything I'll be doing my rounds."

"Thanks, do me a favor though, if by 1:00 am I haven't come out, just come and check on me, Marshall will have a fit if I'm out all night again."

"Hey you said yes when he asked you to marry him, so of course he's gonna worry about you."

"Yeah, if the only downside is I have someone worrying about me when I work late, I guess I got a good deal here."

"Okay, well, do your thing, I'll be back to check on you later."

"Thanks, Freddy."

As Doctor Thompson walked over to her work station she got chills. The book was thousands of years old and Ezranox had been thought to be a myth before this was discovered. It could change human history as far as they knew it and she couldn't wait to examine it up close.

She hit a small recorder and placed it down on the table. "Okay, Doctor Lauren Thompson examination of the book of Ezranox."

She put on rubber gloves and gently opened the book. The pages were dusty but overall the binding was still in good shape. She immediately recognized the writing as Latin which was odd to her as it shouldn't be but that only grew her excitement as she began to read the first letter.

"Okay, let's see how rusty my Latin is," she said before she tried to read it.

The moment she began to translate it there was a strange green flash that startled her a little. The words in the book began to move and change as she backed away a little not sure what was going on. Once it was done the words were now English almost as if rearranged just for her.

"What the... there is a strange glow coming from the book, the wording which was Latin has no seemed to change I to English?" She said before leaning over again. "It says, Speak the name Ezranox and set her free, what does that...?" She said before another green light flashed making her feel light headed.

Not sure what had happened she fell into the chair in front of the book feeling dizzy. She waved her hand trying to cool herself off as the room began to spin a little. The book was still glowing and some sort of green mist began to come out of it. Lauren tried to get up but she was too dizzy and fell back into her chair.

Moments later the mist began to flow towards her. She wasn't sure what was happening as the green smoke began to flow into her mouth and down her thought. It was warm and made her feel strange as it filled her lungs and spread throughout her body until the book stopped glowing and became still along with her who was also not moving.

Moments later Lauren opened her eyes as they glowed a bright green for a moment before the shine went away. She looked down and ripped open her button up shirt to examine her body as she began to feel her skin.

"What is this silly..." she said before ripping off her bra and examining her breasts. "The lies these women tell to get a mate," she said as her breasts seemed to grow becoming much more round and shapely. "Much better, this body isn't bad, and with my help, it can be amazing, suitable for Ezranox," she said standing up from her chair looking down at the book. "Hmm, won't be needing this anymore," she said before closing it and walking towards the exit. "Now, I need to feed, where is that security guard?"

She opened the door and headed out looking for him. She knew everything Doctor Thompson knew she knew Freddy was a rather large guy and was in good shape for a security guard. Ezranox was a goddess among sex demons and needed to feed and fuck so she figured maybe Freddy was a good human specimen. 

Her shirt was still ripped open but still covering her swollen breasts. She could smell him from across the facility and she was licking her lips. She stopped at a mirror to her right and got a good look at herself. She examined her legs below the skirt she was wearing.

"My my, I am sexy aren't I," she said before running her fingers through her Auburn colored hair.

"Doctor Thompson, everything okay?" Freddy asked seeing her standing there with her blouse ripped.

"Ah, there you are, I need something from you," she said walking over and kissing him.

"Woah woah, what are you doing, what about Marshall?"

"Marshall?" She asked before she thought for a second. "Oh, she has a mate," she suddenly remembered from Lauren's mind. "Oh I cannot wait to taste him, but still I need a snack so," she said before she blew out a strange green gas from her mouth that seeped into Freddy's pants.

"What the... fuck... what did you..." he said before he fell back against the wall before falling to the floor grabbing his crotch.

"It feels better if you don't try to fight it, just saying," Ezranox said standing over him as his pants began to rip a little. "Oh for the love of..." she said getting aggravated as she got down and opened up his pants until his erect cock flipped out looking larger than usual. "There, now doesn't that feel better?" She asked looking down at the swollen penis in front of her that was pulsing with a green light inside it.

"What... what did you do to me?" He asked seeing his cock doing weird things.

"I need a snack to gain my powers back, and lucky you, you just happened to be near."

"Make it stop!"

"Oh, it will, in about... 3...2...1"

"Fuck!" He yelled as is cock suddenly began to burst.

His cum came out in Gallons as Ezranox moved aside. She was more interested in the green mist that was also coming out of his cock and forming a glowing cloud in the air. She moved close to it breathing it into her body absorbing the energy it had collected making her eyes and veins glow bright green for a moment as she felt the energy surge through her body.

"That was delicious, this will be the first of my collection," she said before kneeling down and picking out the small green stone penis sitting on the floor where Freddy was moments ago. "Good size for a human, I hope he enjoys an eternity of endless pleasure," she said before she looked around for a bag to place him in before going on her way.

"Now, where is this Marshall?" She asked herself checking Lauren's memories. "Ah, that's easy enough," she said making a circle in the air with her finger before the green mist formed a portal opened in front of her. She stepped over the big puddle of cum on the floor and stepped through leaving the museum empty.

--------

Rak-Sasha awoke in a cold sweat not sure what was going on. The young woman in the bed next to her seemed to not be affected by her sudden movements but Sasha knew she was exhausted so she wasn't surprised. Rolling out bed she grabbed her robe walking over to the window looking out at the city. 

"What the fuck was that?" She said to herself lighting a cigarette as she remembered the strange feeling she had gotten right before she awoke.

She was not sure what it was but she had felt a strange presence nearby. It was almost as if some ancient creature had awakened but she was unfamiliar with this one. At first, she fears that it was the return of her old master but it didn't feel as threatening so she was becoming more curious than anything.

She walked out into the living room looking for her phone. It was on top of the bar next to the drink she had poured for her guest in the bedroom. Smiling to herself thinking about the hookup she picked up the phone and called a friend of hers.

Nessira was asleep on top of Patrick when she heard her phone begin to buzz. Opening her eyes she was confused by the sound at first as she looked beneath her seeing her husband's naked body. Smiling and giving him a kiss on the chest she gently rolled off of him and grabbed her phone seeing Sasha's name on it.

"Oh shit," she said to herself not sure what she wanted before stepping into her enchanting room to answer the phone. "Sasha?" She asked. "Everything alright?"

"Always the worrying type you are," Sasha said sarcastically on the other end. 

"Well, it's 3:00 in the morning?"

"Whatever, Did you release anything ancient and powerful recently?"

"Ancient and powerful?" She asked looking up at the skull of Baphomet on her wall. "Not that I know of, just some fairies, oh and I ran into an old friend recently."

"Oh really, and yet you can't find time for little ole me?"

"Well this friend tried to kill me at first, so I've been busy."

"Oh really, anyone I should meet?" Sasha said with an interest.

"She is living with a guy and has a baby on the way, so no."

"I see, well I do like it casual, maybe we can share her?"

"Sasha, you already broke Terry's heart, I don't need you breaking up my other successes."

"I have broken many a hearts, and Terry gave a valiant effort, for a human anyway, but I left him untainted as promised and with a big smile on his face, it's not my fault he became addicted, but just add him to my collection of broken hearts, but the only one who ever broke mine was you."

"Don't go there Sasha, you knew it wouldn't last," Nessira said with a smile.

"You have no idea how long I could have made you happy, the things I could have done to you, but it was all for not, all because you chose a man over me."

"You know it is much more complicated than that, I have asked you many times to let me try to find you a mate Sasha, you don't want to be alone forever do you?"

"My dear Succubus, no man, or beast could keep me, so you keep finding love for the other monsters, I will enjoy myself."

"Okay, but you know where to find me if you ever change your mind.

"Oh I know where to find you, you still dream about me finding you don't you?"

"I dream of many things," she said knowing she was right.

"That's not a no, you dream of me hunting you down in the forest, running in fear but deep down wanting me to find you, wanting me to ravage you."

Nessira stood there silent as she did have that dream before, almost embarrassed about it. She loved Patrick more than anything but she still sometimes thought about her life before she was attached to anyone. Sometimes it became the fuel that she used to fuck Patrick half to death night after night.

"You still there love?" Sasha said snapping Nessira back into the conversation. "Imagine you, me and even Patrick all sharing a bed, I could show him a thing or two as well."

"Don't go there," Nessira said a little snappy.

"My apologies, I know how protective you are of him, but maybe if I taught him some things, you might even like it," Sasha said with a grin.

"As tempting as that sounds, you know what happens when anyone tries to have their way with my man."

"Oh I do, and I love seeing that side of you, that primal dangerous side that men and woman both fear and lust after at the same time."

"Good night Sasha," Nessira said with trying to end this conversation as she found herself getting very aroused and Sasha knew it.

"Good night witch, tell Patrick to thank me for what you are about to do to him," Sasha said before hanging up the phone and licking her lips.

"Everything okay?" She heard a voice say as the petite blonde who had been asleep in the bed was now standing in the doorway covered in just a sheet.

"Of course my love," Sasha said walking around the bar as she began to growl a little. "Now where were we?" She said before she lunged at her like a tiger pinning the girl to the bed who was startled before Sasha began to slide her tongue across the girl's skin getting her aroused yet again.

Nessira walked back into her bedroom seeing Patrick still asleep when she noticed something. Just under the sheet, there was a bulge which she walked over to investigate. Lifting up the sheet she sees he is hard again despite being sound asleep.

"I hope you are dreaming about me?" She said out loud before sliding the sheet off and climbing on top of him.

His cock slid inside her as she got comfortable on top of him before lowering herself down and resting on his chest. "Huh, Ness, Everything okay?" He asked waking up confused.

"I just thought I'd help finish that dream you were having about me?"

Patrick looked around and saw his predicament which only turned him on more as he ran his hands along her waist. "Oh, always nice to wake up to this."

"What were you dreaming about?"

"You."

"Seriously, you know I can tell when you are lying right?"

"It was weird, I was actually dreaming about when I used to work at a hardware store when I was younger."

Nessira looked at him with an almost disgusted look on her face. "Really? So tools and wood get you turned on?"

"What, no, I just got really turned on all of a sudden. It was strange actually."

"You are such a fucking weirdo," she said as a thought came to her wondering why he was suddenly aroused right around the same time Sasha randomly called her in the middle of the night.

"You okay?" He asked.

"Huh, oh yeah, just questioning how I married someone so boring, but don't worry, I'll fix you," she did lean back down and kissing him before she sat back up grabbing his hands and moving them onto her breasts as she began to move her hips.

-----------

Marshal had been asleep for a few hours. He knew Lauren was working late so he didn't wait up for her so he was out cold in bed. Ezranox stood at the end of the bed looking at her hosts mate examining him closely. The memories of Laurens passionate nights with this man got her excited. This man knew how to please this body but she wasn't sure if he could please her, though she was excited to find out.

She stripped herself of the clothes Lauren had been wearing before she walked around to the side of the bed. She lifted off the blanket covering him seeing his boxer shorts covering his privates.

"These humans do so much to protect their sexual organs, I blame the succubi for that," she said before waving her hand causing his boxers to rip off and go flying. "My my, he is well endowed for a human," she said getting a closer look before she began to gently stroke it getting it to stiffen. "There we are, show me my prize," she said hearing Marshall moan a little as he was still asleep.

She began to stroke his cock even more until it was fully erect. She was shocked at how big it was which made her lick her lips with excitement. Marshal began to stir a little enjoying the sensation as his possessed fiance stroked his cock.

"You should feel honored," she said out loud. "The first man to be pleasured by Ezranox in over a thousand years."

Marshall opened his eyes feeling a gentle hand on his privates before looking up and seeing her kneeling down stroking his cock. "Hey Babe, shit, that feels good."

"I want you to fuck me," she said as she got closer to his cock and began to lick it. "Show me what you can do."

"Oh... Shit!" He said as she got a little more aggressive with his cock as she climbed on top of him and began to squeeze it between her enlarged breasts. "What... what has gotten into you?" He asked still enjoying the attention she was giving him. 

"The only thing I want inside me is this!" She said kissing the side of his cock a few times before climbing up towards him. "Show me you are worthy," she said before kissing him and spreading her legs ready to let him inside her.

"Oh... God!" He yelled out as his cock slid inside her.

"That's a good start," she said before she shoved her tongue in his mouth.

His hands slid all over her body as he was shocked that Lauren was acting like this but it was hard for him to deny how good it felt. She had always been rather plain in the bedroom, the sex was good but she had never woken him like this before or been this forceful and kinky.

"Holy shit... this is... Fuck!" He yelled out as he had never felt this good before.

"Is that all you've got?" She said in a teasing voice biting and sucking on his bottom lip.

He grabbed her ass and rolled her over getting on top of her. She let him have his way as she wanted to see what he could do as he began to force his cock into her with all the force he had. She was enjoying it for a moment but the longer this went on she knew he was not the one she needed to satisfy her. His cock was large but he lacked other things she wanted in a mate so she laid there and enjoyed it as much as she could. He gave it his best effort which she would reward him for but soon she was getting bored.

"Your cock is large but I am afraid it won't do," she said with a grin.

"What, what are you talking about?"

"Don't worry, you will be rewarded with the eternal pleasure of Ezranox," she said with a smile as he continued to go.

"Ezranox, sounds kinky Babe," he said thinking she was playing a game with him. "Is she one of the God's you've been studying?"

"A goddess, yes, very smart for a human, you have bought yourself a few more moments," she said before rolling him back over with a strength he wasn't ready for.

She pulled him up towards her shoving his face into her breasts with a little force that he enjoyed before he began to suck on her nipples and gently caress them with his hands. Ezranox was starting to enjoy all the sensations she was experiencing. She knew Lauren loved this man so she thought maybe every now and then she would release him and fuck him just for fun after she found her true mate.

Marshall was really getting into this as Lauren was covered with sweat and acting very kinky. All this acting like she was someone called Ezranox which he thought was a game was getting him very aroused as he moved his hips and shoved himself even deeper inside her. He looked up into her eye's when he noticed them glowing a strange green color. She suddenly grabbed his face and blew a green mist from his mouth that seeped into his and down his throat. 

"What the... what did... oh God!" He said as his cock began to feel strange as it began to pulse while still inside her.

"Just let it happen, enjoy your gift, enjoy the pleasure!" She said as she began to move her hips in a way that was almost unnatural but felt amazing.

"What are you... what the fuck!" He said as he just didn't feel right as his cock pulsed inside her.

It felt incredible but he knew something wasn't right. She wrapped her arms around him wanting to take everything he had as she prepared for it. He let out a scream as his cock began to unload into her every once of cum he had to give along with the energy as she sucked it all out of him. She gave him one final passionate kiss wanting him to enjoy every second of this moment.

Ezranox was enjoying the extreme orgasmic delight as it flowed into her. She bit her lips feeling the after effects as she laid in the bed feeling the best she had in a long time. She looked down as Marshall was gone but the green stone cock was inside her. Rolling over and laying on her back she began to slide it out and then back in a few times using it as a dildo enjoying the size of it until finally pulling it out. 

"Shame, I kinda liked him," she said before rolling out of bed and placing it in the bag with the other. "What is that?" She asked herself as she suddenly sensed something not far from her. "A sorcerer, here and now?" She continued on as she had gotten an extra boost of energy from Marshall and could now sense something.

-------

As Patrick laid in bed with Nessira still on top of him milking his cock he sat up and took her breasts into his mouth. The way his tongue played with her nipples made her moan out as he licked the sweat from her skin. He rolled her over jamming his cock into her while she writhed beneath him enjoying every second of it. He knew how to please her more than anyone as his hand slid down the side of her leg before pulling it up around his waist.
