 Nessira was placing a few new pieces of merchandise on the shelves to replace some recently sold or released items when she suddenly sensed something strange. A wind blew her hair as she felt a presence enter the shop. Feeling a little nervous she turned around to see a tall blonde woman standing there with a smile on her face. She took a deep breath before she moved towards her 

"Hello, Moth... Ahem, I mean Lilith." Nessira said correcting herself still feeling a little nervous that she was standing there.

After a moment of just staring at her, Lilith finally steps closer to her. She has a stern look on her face which made Nessira feel even more uncomfortable as she had no idea what this visit was about. Had she done something wrong, had she released a creature that should not have been released, all these questions flooded her mind as the tension in the air built.

Finally after what felt like forever Lilith smiled and said: "None of that, come here," she said holding out her hands as Nessira walked over before Lilith wrapped her arms around her and held her tightly. "Just because you are no longer one of the daughters of Lilith, doesn't mean you won't always be my little Nessie."

With a small tear in her eye, Nessira held her tight for a moment as it had been a while since she had seen her and she felt some relief. Lilith had been watching everything that had happened in the shop since the day it opened and she was proud of how well Nessira had done at pairing off these creatures to proper mates, and the things she had accomplished in her personal life.

"I'm sorry mother," Nessira said breaking the silence.

"I know you are, but you know I will always love you."

Nessira felt a great weight lifted off her shoulders when she heard those words. Everything she had done over the past few years and how she had changed her ways since then had felt they had gone unnoticed. Deep down she knew Lilith still loved her but her punishments made her feel ashamed of what she had done.

"So," she said as the finally separating from her and wiping her eyes. "what brings you here, I haven't seen you in quite some time?"

"I am always around, I've been watching you, you have done quite well with the shop, I am so proud of you my dear," she said running her fingers through Nessira's red hair. "But where is this Patrick of yours?"

"Oh um, yea about that..."

"You mean how you removed your heart so you wouldn't risk feeling the pain of love again, then you gave it to him to save his life and he also may be a reincarnation of Sebastion?"

"You really do see everything don't you?"

"I do, and that little Shadow of yours, so dangerous but I see you have been nursing the good in her, not so easy is it?"

"Yeah, I think I owe you a few apologies."

"Not at all, now," she said sitting down in a chair in the back of the store. "Come sit with me."

Nessira walked over and sat done across from Lilith before she said: "So Mother, it is so good to see but what brings you here?"

"Some dumb young man decided he wanted to play around with dark magic and tried to summon me, so I might pay him a visit."

"Really, and do what?"

"Not sure yet, but I have some ideas."

"Well good, you need to get laid."

"Now is that any way to speak to your mother?"

"What, how many men died with a big smile on their face after a visit from you?"

"I've lost count, but that was long ago, times have changed, I've changed, you know what that's like, right?"

"I do, but those dark thoughts never go away."

"Even with Patrick?"

"He makes the dark thoughts not feel so dark, I know it sounds silly but he brings light to my life. There are times when we are in bed and I imagine what it would be like to take everything from him, just imagining the feeling as I drain the life from his body, it's intoxicating."

"Good thing for those condoms, but seriously what's the story with him?"

"I don't know how to describe it, he just takes my breath away, I look forward to seeing him every day, even Shadow likes him, and it's more than just the condom, even though I have imagined it, I would never actually hurt him, it's almost like I can control myself better when I'm around him. You'd like him because since I met him my outlook on life has changed dramatically and I'm not even sure why."

"Oh, there she is, my little girl, I can't wait to meet him."

"Stop it, I fear that little girl you loved so much may be gone forever, but I am trying mother, I am finally at a point where I want to be better."

"That's what happened to me Nessie, sometimes it takes someone else to show us the light."

"Well anyway, so what about you, when are you going to settle down?"

"Seriously? Not going to happen, I'm sort of, what's the word, unobtainable Goddess?"

"Oh come on, someday maybe some guy will sweep you off your feet."

"Well, you keep hoping."

"What about this young fool who summoned you, what do you have planned for him?"

"Not sure yet, but nothing wrong with me having a little fun right, I am torn between giving him the best night of his life, or the worst." 

"Isn't that the same thing?"

"Sometimes it is, I think he's just some heartbroken fool hoping for the Goddess Lilith to show him pity."

"And will she?"

"Like I said, I'm not sure, but I am excited to find out."

"Oh really, why is that?"

"Because, I haven't been with a mortal in a long time and I am feeling, frisky."

"That poor lucky bastard."

"Speaking of lucky bastards," Lilith said as the front door opened and she saw a face she recognized. "Ah, this is him," she said before standing up as Nessira was both nervous and excited to see Patrick.

"Um, hello?" He said seeing the tall blonde there talking to Nessira before going to shake her hand. 

"Patrick, this my Mother, Lilith."

"Oh, OH! Hello, it is so nice to meet you," he said shaking her hand as she took a tight grip on him and pulled him closer smelling him. 

"Hmm, it is so nice to finally meet you," she said getting even closer to him.

"Uh, you too?" He said a little confused as he looked over at Nessira who was just smiling at what she was witnessing. "I have heard so much about you, I can see where Nessira gets her good looks from."

"Flattery, your attempt at good manors intrigues me, now what have you heard, was it from Nessira or from the history books?"

"A little of both, actually."

"I see, so you're curious aren't you, you're curious as to what I am capable of?"

"Oh no, I've heard enough stories to know what you can do." 

"But the stories don't do me the justice I deserve, here let me give you a taste," she said suddenly planting her lips on his before he ever had a chance to protest as strange visions began to fill his head.

Patrick suddenly is seeing hundreds and thousands of visions involving men being seduced and taken by a beautiful woman that had Lilith's face but with red hair similar to Nessira's. There were men being given their wildest fantasies and sexual desires as she would ride them sucking the life from their very bodies leaving just an empty shell with a satisfied look on their face. He even saw the woman being seduced and transformed into succubi and he would hear the words "Daughter of Lilith" whispered in his ear over and over again. The woman would go to their husbands or just random men before seducing them and fucking them to death.

The visions were a little disturbing but also very arousing as she would send her children to seduce and kill others leaving a trail of bodies through the ages. Things suddenly got a little more intense as he found himself on top of a hill looking out over a sea of succubi and men being drained of their bodily fluids and more. The sky was blood red and he turned to see Lilith standing there with her attention on him before stepping forward and kissing him passionately. He then found himself naked on the ground with Lilith having her way with him. He felt a little violated but couldn't help but enjoy the sensation of the goddess on top of him showing him pleasures he didn't think were possible. Everything happened so quickly almost like it was a dream until he was suddenly back in the shop as Lilith pulled her lips away.

Patrick stumbled falling backwards onto the floor. He was confused by what had just happened and felt a little dizzy with a great pressure in his pants as he was extremely aroused. As he looked up at Lilith as she licked her lips savoring his flavor as Nessira walked over to check on him knowing the effect Lilith had on people and knowing what to do to fix it.

"How did... That was... My God!" He stammered out as his head was spinning.

"I like him Nessira, you chose a good one."

"Now Mother, you know your effect on people." 

"Oh I do, I hope you don't mind Daughter."

"Not at all, just let me fix this," Nessira said kneeling down and unzipping his pants.

"Wait, what are you?" Patrick said as she pulled out his throbbing member that was so hard it almost hurt.

"Just give me a moment," Nessira said examining his throbbing erection before grabbing it and planting a soft kiss right below the tip in the soft spot which made his cock erupt with little hesitation.

The orgasm was intense as Nessira held her other hand up collecting his semen in a ball floating in the air before placing it in a small glass jar. After his orgasm finally stopped he almost felt a little embarrassed as he sat there with his cock just cumming violently in front of his girlfriend and her mother.

"Sorry about that, I don't know my own strength sometimes." Lilith said admiring what had just happened. "So this is the cock that satisfies Nessira the red," she said as she kneeled down and began to get a closer look which only made Patrick feel even more embarrassed.

"That's enough mother, you can't have this one," Nessira said pulling him to his feet as he tucked his cock back in his pants.

"I wouldn't dream of it, but he is a very good example of a human male, I just want to make sure his, heart, is in the right place," she said placing her hand on his chest feeling Nessira's heart beating within. "This heart is very special to me, and I trust it is to you as well?"

"More than you know," Patrick replied still feeling strange around her.

"Patrick, why don't you go upstairs and rest, I'll be up soon." Nessira said giving him a kiss in the lips before he turned around still a bit confused before he began climbing the stairs towards Nessira's bedroom.

"I'm sorry about that my Dear."

"It's gonna take me all afternoon to work off what you did to him."

"You're welcome."

"It is so good to see you Mother," Nessira said giving her another hug. "I wish I could see you more often."

"Oh don't worry Nessie, you will, I think it's time for me to return for a while."

"I am so happy to hear that."

"Now go to Patrick, that little moment has gotten me a little turned on, maybe there is someone I can take it out on?"

"He has no idea what is coming for him does he?"

"When I am done, he will be begging for death or begging for more."

---

Later that night a young man by the name of Eliott was sitting alone in his apartment staring at the symbol he had made on the floor with the bowl in the middle filled with the ashes of what he burned to summon Lilith. It was from last night and he realized he must have screwed up as nothing had happened so he wasn't sure what to do with himself now.

Eliott had just been dumped by his girlfriend and was hoping he could just speak to Lilith and try to learn how to be a better lover or how to impress woman enough to get her back. He had only dabbled in witchcraft and wasn't even sure what he was doing or if he was doing it correctly. He also didn't know much about Lilith only that she was a Goddess of lust and sex, and despite the warnings he had read about summoning her he didn't listen to them.

He got off his bed and went to start cleaning up the mess he had made when he suddenly heard a woman's voice say: "do you know what you did wrong?"

Eliott jumped dropping the bowl he had picked up off the floor only to see a beautiful blonde woman sitting on the edge of his bed where he was moments ago. She was wearing a dress that had a very low v cut and was open on each side of her legs showing them off.

"Who are you?" He said feeling nervous.

"Who am I? You summoned me did you not?"

"What, Lilith?"

"In the flesh, but like I said you made a few mistakes."

"Uh, what um, what do you mean?"

"You didn't place a protection spell, which means I can anything I want to you and there is nothing you can do about it."

"Oh?" he said suddenly getting very nervous as he backed up realizing the door was across the room.

"Don't bother trying to run, I can get you anywhere now."

"Please," he said dropping to his knees. "I meant no disrespect or harm in summoning you, I was desperate and wasn't thinking clearly."

"I see, so what, you were hoping you'd summon me and I would do your bidding?"

"What, no, I was hoping you could help me become a better man."

"Interesting, how so?"

"I have heard that you send your daughters to some men to have there way with them."

"So you want one of my daughters?"

"I honestly don't know what I want, I want to learn how to please a woman, and I don't know, like I said, I was desperate."

"Desperate enough to summon me, a Goddess you could snatch your very soul from your body at the snap of my fingers?" She said standing up and walking towards him as he cowered on his knees. "Luckily for you, I have had a good day, and therefore I am in a good mood."

"So, what does this mean?"

"It means that you are mine to do with as I please for as long as I want."

Feeling nervous and stupid for what he had done he did not move before he said: "what do you want from me, Ms. Lilith, the most beautiful Goddess."

"Ah, you have nice manors for an idiot, but flattery won't help you, I can smell the fear on you but even in your fear you are aroused, you have no idea what I am going to do to you but you want it don't you?" She said kneeling down in front of him. "You want me, you want to taste me, even if it costs you your life."

Eliott was sweating as Lilith taunted him. Her scent was intoxicating and he could feel the pressure against his pants as he couldn't help but be aroused by the Goddess in front of him. She was more attractive than anything he could have imagined and was afraid he was going to cum in his pants at any moment.

"You are going to please me, you are going to pleasure me and only when I am satisfied, I'm sorry, only if I am satisfied, will you get release." She said pulling him to his feet. "Now, Kiss me."

"What?"

"You are not to speak unless I tell you to, and I said to kiss me!" Eliott was still nervous but stepped forward and pressed his lips to hers for only a second before she said: "Nope, that was terrible, you need to try harder!" 

Eliott slapped himself in the face trying to psych himself up and calm his nerves. He knew he could do this so he stepped forward and tried again this time trying harder to impress her.

"Better but still sloppy," she said still disappointed. "Come on, are you incapable of such a simple..." She stopped as he grabbed her waist and pulled her in kissing her again with as much passion as he could muster. He was afraid that he had to be a little forceful but he felt her hand on the back of his head as she kissed him back. "That is better, but I may have to punish you for that," she said licking his lips before she stepped back from him.

Lilith walked over to the end of the bed before she waved her hands stretching her arms up in the air as her dress seemed to disappear completely. Eliott wasn't sure if he should look away or not as he saw the backside of Lilith completely naked and it was breathtaking. He placed his hand on the budge in his pants rubbing it a little as it was getting harder for him to contain himself.

"Hey, keep your hands off," she said seeing him touching himself. "I told you that you would only get release if I allow it."

"Yes Ma'am." he said trying not to upset her.

"Now," she said crawling onto the bed looking back at him with a smile. "Now show me what you can do," she added as she got comfortable against the pillows and spread her legs.

Eliott was blown away by what he was seeing. There was a wet circle in his jeans at the tip of his cock from all the precum dribbling from it. He walked to the front of the bed and began crawling towards her before she stopped him and pointed down at the joist alit between her legs. It was suddenly clear what she wanted him to do as he got his face down close to her hole.

Eliott had little experience eating anyone out so he was nervous that she would get angry with him but he did his beat. He got close and stuck his tongue out and tapping at her clit a few times trying to get a little more forceful with each pass. For a while she was silent but he kept going.

"Teasing is a good way to start but don't linger in the same spot, you are trying to please me so you better try harder, remember your soul is on the line." she said as Eliott got more nervous.

He pressed his lips to her clit and began to suck on it teasing with his tongue, even more, making little circles. Lilith let out a mild loan as she could tell he was trying and she didn't dislike what she was feeling so she humored him for the moment. After he removed his lips he shoved his tongue inside her trying to hit any sweet spot he could find to which she tried not to laugh. She began to run her fingers through his hair before pushing his face into her pussy with a little force trying to get him to try even harder.

She knew from the start that he would not be able to please her sexually. She was doing this to try to get him to a point where he could please a mortal woman with his skill as she was in a good mood and he had some of her pitty. She felt him trying as hard as he could and she still didn't dislike what he was doing but it was not enough to get her anywhere close to where she wanted to be.

"That's enough," she said pushing his face away from her with a little force.

"My apologies Goddess, I have little experience in this."

"Well I am bored but I came here for something, and I am not leaving without it," she said rolling out if bed and pushing him down on it.

"Please forgive me, I..."

"Hush foolish mortal, we are going to do things my way now." she said raising her hand and Eliott's clothes started to come off of him.

His pants unbuckled themselves before sliding off. His shirt slid up over his head before his shoes and socks went flying leaving him there in nothing but his boxer shorts. He realized he couldn't move at all as she seemed to have him pinned down with some sort of magic so he felt nervous and vulnerable as she crawled onto the bed to get a look at his manhood.

She waved her hand causing his shorts to rip apart and go flying as she examined the erect penis before her and said: "Well, I have seen better, but I have also seen worse, there is no reason you cannot satisfy a mortal woman with this, even some of my daughters would enjoy it, however, it will not work for me,"

Eliott was a bit concerned that he was unable to please her but she leaned down close to it and began to chant something that made his dick feel a little weird as she continued. Lilith kept speaking a language that he couldn't understand but he felt strange and knew something unnatural was going on as his cock seemed to start to pulse and swell a little.

"Now, resurgemus, colem Koldak!" She said as his cock suddenly started to spasm and jolt back and forth as it grew and swelled changing into a darker color almost a charcoal grey. It grew to about 12 inches long and maybe 3 inches thick as he wasn't sure as Lilith smiled at her work before she said: "now there is a cock that can please me."
