 Hello, this will be a 4 part story that will be Shadows Climax (no pun intended). It will also feature a crossover with the Literotica author Rak-Sasha's club series, as she helped write some of this and her characters make an appearance, please check out her stories. If you haven't read all my stories please read Night with Nessira 1-4, Love of Nature 1 and 2, and The Proposal, to be up to date with what is happing at this point in the story. These will feature sex in each chapter but will focus more on the story, Enjoy!

*****

Patrick awoke in Nessira's bed on a beautiful morning. He rolled over seeing her laying there with her hear all disheveled and messed up drooling in her pillow as she was sound asleep. He couldn't help but laugh to himself seeing her like this and still thinking she was the most beautiful woman in the world.

She snorted and rolled a little before opening her eyes and smiling at him. "Good Morning!" She said still half asleep. "What are you doing?"

"Just watching you sleep."

"Weirdo!"

"Really, I'm the weird one?"

"Well, you asked a succubus to marry you so you can't be playing with a full deck!"

"I see, maybe I'll just take the ring back then."

"The hell you will!"

"Yeah, looks better on you anyway."

"I know." She said with a giggle rolling on her back and staring at it for a moment as Patrick got comfortable next to her.

"So, how does this work anyway?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well usually the woman takes the man's last name but you don't have one, or do you?"

"We've been together this long and you don't know my last name?"

"Well, I just assumed that..."

"Ha, I'm just screwing with you, I don't really have one, but I have used Ravenhill before, mostly for mailing purposes."

"Nessira Ravenhill? Hmm, maybe I should take your name, Patrick Ravenhill, doesn't sound bad. But Nessira Johnson sounds alright too."

"Nessira Johnson? Mrs Johnson, I sound like a soccer mom!"

"Ooh, a sexy soccer mom, driving a minivan, dropping Shadow off at games!"

"And when she loses, she'll get angry and fuck the opposing team to death."

"Yikes,"

"Wait you can picture me driving a minivan? That's it, I'm dumping you!"

"Hey, I said sexy Soccer Mom."

"Either way, I don't like people, especially soccer Moms, I'd have them all so twisted they'd be fucking the coach and the soccer Dads in the grandstands while their kids are playing!"

"Probably not a good idea then."

"Can you imagine it, just a sea of naked bodies."

"Yeah, like I said, probably not a good idea."

"Yeah, we can figure all that out later, there is only one Johnson I want to take from you." She said gently rubbing the front of his boxer shorts.

"Ah, a dick joke about my last name, classic."

"Hey, at least this time the person making the joke is going to do this." She said leaning over and taking his cock out through the hole in the front and start sucking on it getting him turned on.

"Oh, fuck!" 

"So what happens when you get tired of this?" She said still giving his cock a few licks every now and then.

"Your joking right? I mean look at you, if I ever get sick of fucking you I want you to feed me to one of those forest Nymph plants."

"You sweet talker you."

"What about me, what about when I am old and gray and not the hunk you fell in love with anymore." Nessira was silent for a moment looking up at him with a worried look in her eyes. She sat up next to him like she had something she needed to tell him but it was like she was suddenly afraid. "What's wrong?"

"Patrick, there's um, something I need to tell you."

"Okay?"

"Well, remember the other night when we found out I couldn't kill you through sex?"

"Yeah, actually was a relief to find out."

"Yeah, well there may be some other side effects from having my heart beating inside you."

"Okay, like what?"

"That's just it, I'm not sure, but I am immortal, so in turn, you can't be killed by the passage of time."

"Oh, oh wow, that's um..."

"I should have told you this before but, You and I are sort of linked now, bound to each other in life and death." Patrick sat there silent for a moment trying to process this new information. His silence was driving Nessira crazy because she was sure he was going to be angry with her for not telling him this sooner. She even began to worry that he might not want to marry her anymore. "Listen, I had to save you, and if you're mad I..."

"Mad? Why do you think I'm mad?"

"Well, I lied to you and..."

"Nessira, I'm happy you didn't tell me."

"You are?"

"Yes, you just told me we are bound together in life and death, I didn't know that and if I had then maybe my proposal wouldn't have meant as much."

"What do you mean?"

"I asked you to spend the rest of your life with me, and that was when I thought it would be a normal human life, at least for me, but now I get to spend eternity with you, I couldn't ask for a better gift than that. If I asked you right now you would think it was because I felt I didn't have a choice."

She stared at him for a moment always surprised but his words. "You are such a doofus!"

"But a romantic doofus, right?"

"You bet your sweet ass you are!" She said kissing him as he fell back against the bed while she climbed on top of him.

----

"I still don't understand why you turn me back into that plant every night, it's not the most comfortable thing you know." Kevin asked laying in bed with Shadow.

"Because I don't want my mother to find out about you, not yet anyway."

"I just feel like a..."

"A what?"

"Honestly I feel like a sex toy!"

"Please, you know how I feel about you?"

"Actually no, You resurrected me, turned me into this strange crossbred thing that I am, don't get me wrong the sex is amazing but what are we, what is our future together?"

"I don't know, but I do want a future with you by my side."

"That's what I want too, just not in this room forever."

"Trust me, it will all work out, I promise." She said kissing him again. "But it is time."

"Please, can we just lay here together, just a little while longer?"

"I would like that." She said laying down as he slid up behind her wrapping his arm around her. "This is nice."

"What the hell!?" Nessira said as Shadow hadn't realized she had walked into the room.

Shadow spun around covering herself with the blanket as Kevin sat up confused and frightened by the angry redhead standing over them both. 

"Shadow who the hell is this and... Wait a minute, I know you!"

"Um, yeah I believe you sold me a plant that ended up fucking me to death."

"Do not use that kind of language in front of my daughter, GET OUT OF HER BED!" Nessira screamed as Kevin stumbled out covering himself with another blanket.

"Mother please wait," Shadow said getting up as well.

"Did you have sex with MY DAUGHTER!" Nessira said as her eyes turned red with anger.

"Yes, we did!" Shadow said in a stern voice.

"Oh, you are going to... Wait?" She said looking back at Shadow. "You had sex with him?"

"Yes."

"You had sex with my daughter?" She said looking back at Kevin.

"Well, Yes?" He said a little scared for his life.

"And you're still alive?"

"What of course I... Wait what?"

"Kevin is the first person who didn't die when they laid with me." 

"Wait wait, every guy you've been with has died?" He said a little shocked by what he heard.

"Everyone shut up!" Nessira spoke out. "This man was dead so what happened Shadow?"

"It's hard to explain but that day you put out the forest nymph plant, when you put it back because of what happened that night I touched the plant and it took some of my energy or something because it suddenly grew into him."

"Took some of your energy?" Nessira asked concerned.

"Yes, he is just like me!" She said with a smile. "Watch." She added before she took his hand and Nessira watched his skin change color as he transformed into a creature similar to Shadow.

"Oh, my... What have you done?" Nessira said covering her mouth before she turned and left the room.

Shadow being confused slid her nighty back on and followed Nessira while Kevin stood there even more confused. He tied the blanket he had around his waist before he followed them out into the storage room and then onto the sales floor of the shop where he stopped and looked around for a moment remembering the last time he had seen this place.

"Mother, what's wrong?" Shadow said as Nessira just had a concerned look on her face.

"Now there are two of you."

"But, we have a connection, I thought you'd be happy?"

"Shadow, your powers are unnatural, you don't know what you've created here or what he is capable of, if this sort of power were to fall into the wrong hands... there could be an army of unstoppable creatures just like you!"

Shadow suddenly looked down at her feet feeling horrible about what she had done. Kevin stood there not really sure what to think or do as he didn't fully understand what was going on here. With tears in her eyes, Shadow looked back up at Nessira who felt horrible talking to her daughter like that.

"Mother I... I'm sorry but..."

Not sure what else to say Shadow suddenly just walked passed Nessira who tried to stop her but was pushed out if the way before she broke the front door open and ran into the woods. Nessira went to run after her but she was no match for Shadows speed especially out in the open. Kevin heard her call out her daughters name a few times before walking back inside with a concerned look on her face.

He didn't know what to do or say as he stood there covered by just a blanket as he stepped forward. Nessira turned to him with a fiery look in her eyes before walking towards him. She grabbed him by the throat and pushed him against the wall hoping that even if he was as strong as Shadow he still wasn't sure how to use his power giving her the advantage to intimidate him.

"What did you do?" She demanded of him.

"What... what do you mean?" He choked out before she let go and dropped him to the floor.

"Where did you come from?"

"I don't know, the last thing I remember I was being fucked to death by that plant you sold me, next thing I know I am in the back room with Shadow."

"So you just took advantage of her then?"

"What? No, I would never, she came on to me!"

"And you just let her?"

"How was I supposed to stop her? I had just come back from the dead with a hard on that wouldn't go away and a beautiful woman offering to help me get rid of it, if you want answers I'm afraid I'm not your guy!"

"She is my daughter!"

"And how would I know that and also it's not like I owe you a god damn thing, I was dead for over a year because of you!"

"Fine, I'm sorry about that but a forest nymph is alive today because of it,"

"I don't know what that is!"

"Well all of that aside you seem to have a sort of connection to Shadow so for now I find you useful, don't make me question that!"

"What do you want from me?"

"I want your help, and I want to know something,"

"Okay, what?"

"How much do you care about her?"

"What?"

"Shadow, how much do you care about her?"

"I... A lot."

"Why did you hesitate?"

"I don't know, my mind has been in a fog since my resurrection but Shadow, I don't know why but she means the world to me."

"She means the world to me as well, that is why I need your help," Nessira said holding out her head to help him up. "I need you to understand what happened here."

"Okay?"

"She is my daughter in the sense that I raised her, but she is not my blood, she is a forest nymph similar to the one I sold you."

"Yeah, thanks for that by the way."

"Shut up an listen! Forest nymphs feed off of the bodily fluids of humans, sperm at first then the rest, its how they survive but Shadow was fed the seed of an ancient inter-dimensional creature more powerful than anything in this world. She was put under my care and I have done as much as I can to raise her to be a good person but there is darkness inside her that she doesn't understand, and you are a prime example of her not fully being able to control her powers"

"So, you think she is dangerous?"

"I know she is, but I love her and would do anything for her, I need to know I can trust you, that same darkness is in you as well and right now you are just some guy I tricked into sacrificing himself to bring a forest nymph to life who came back from the dead and fucked my daughter."

"My name is Kevin actually."

"Just because I don't know what you are capable of doesn't mean I can't kill you!"

"Understood, look I am willing to move past it, yes you may have caused my death but I'm here now so I think I can let it go."

"I hope so, but we need to find her and you should be able to with little problem."

"What do you mean?"

"I need you to concentrate, there is a connection between you two and your senses should be as sharp as hers,"

"Okay well, just give me a second here." He said as he stood up.

He closed his eyes and concentrated a little trying to focus. Nessira stood back as his skin began to darken and his veins turned red glowing a little. His eyes turned yellow and she watched a tail growing from the base of his spine. He truly was just like Shadow only a male version except he did not have the same red hair that she did on her head. Nessira was actually a little impressed with his transformation seeing the two long horns sticking up from his head that were more curved than Shadow's.

Kevin was still concentrating when he opened his eyes and looked at Nessira before he said: "she's not far, she stopped in the woods a few miles west of here."

"Thank you, now please bring her back to me?"

Kevin walked towards the doorway when he suddenly stopped and looked back at her. "You really do know how to kill us don't you?" He said as Nessira had an almost ashamed look in her eyes. "You learned that just in case she..."

"It won't come to that, and you are going to help me make sure it doesn't come to that!"

Kevin nodded his head before he turned and ran out into the woods. He knew exactly where she was in the distance as he ran through the woods with an inhuman sense. He was almost having fun with his new abilities realizing how fast and agile he was while running on all four legs. It was if time slowed done the faster he went and he was loving it until he heard Shadow sobbing in the distance.

He slowed his pace as he approached her seeing her sitting in a log next to a small pond. She was in her human state and had to know he was there as he approached her. She didn't move or even acknowledge him as he sat down next to her still in his beastly state. He sat there for a while as she just stared at the water with tears in her eyes.

She finally broke the silence and said: "do you regret coming back to life?"

"Excuse me?"

"Do you wish I hadn't brought you back?"

"Not at all."

"Why?"

"What do you mean?"

"You died a beautiful death, your problems were over, I took that from you."

"Shadow, being dead, I always thought there would be a place, like an afterlife or something but it turns out there was nothing, at least for me anyway, it was just one second I died and the next I saw you."

"Humans can not comprehend the afterlife, you were there but you couldn't retain it, you aren't what you once were, now you're a monster just like me."

"I don't believe that for one minute, nothing as beautiful as you should ever be called a monster."

"Mother thinks I am."

"She loves you, more than you know, and she asked me to come to bring you home." 

"Are you going to?"

"If you want me to, but I won't force you,"

She turned to him and smiled before resting her head on his shoulder. "Can you just sit with me, just for a while, it is very beautiful here."

Kevin looked around as he returned to normal. He saw the pond and the trees and agreed that it was a very beautiful place. He reached over and placed his hand on hers holding it as she slid a little closer to him. The connection between them was strong and even though neither one of them understood it they felt comfortable by each others side.

Shadow turned to Kevin as they made eye contact. She leaned forward and pressed her lips to his wrapping her arms around him before they both fell on the patch of dead leaves behind them. The passion between them was strong as he landed on top of her kissing her lips and tasting her skin. 

It didn't take long for him to become hard again and slide his cock between her legs as she let out a loud moan. She wasn't used to a man being as strong as she was but having him on top of her and fucking her this way was an amazing feeling for her. She liked having an equal and hopefully someone she could share her life with if Nessira let her but she didn't care about that right now. The only thing that mattered was Kevin and the feeling of his cock inside her thrusting over and over again.

The area around them grew quiet as all the wildlife seemed to leave the area. Perhaps out of fear but it made things seem more peaceful as their embrace continued. Kevin pulled her off the ground so she was on his lap still riding his cock as his hands slid around her ass. It was smooth in his palms and her scent was incredible. They both held back their transformation as they both just seemed to want to enjoy the taste and feel of their human flesh.

Shadow leaned back as he pressed his lips to her breasts. He slid his hands over them gently rubbing her nipples as she squirmed and even whined a little at the sensation. His hand then slid up along her cheek as they shared a moment of eye contact before kissing again as the pleasure grew between them to the point neither one of them could hold on much longer. She held him tightly as she felt his cock start to spasm before erupting inside her making her shout out as they both shared an orgasm that shook the forest for miles around.

They fell to the floor of the forest both breathing heavily as the fluids dripped from them both. Shadow rested her head on his chest as he wrapped his arm around her holding her against him. They both knew they had to go back to Liliths but they weren't ready to leave just yet as they enjoyed each others company and the beautiful morning air.

Shadow suddenly sat up and started looking around frantically as Kevin said: "what is it?"

"Something is wrong!" She said still looking all over. "Don't you feel it?"

Kevin sat up as well and could sense something sinister in the air. He felt sick to his stomach almost as he stood up and pulled her to her feet. They both could feel the air changing and it made the hair on the back of their necks stand up as they weren't sure what was going on.

"We should get back to your mother," Kevin said as Shadow agreed before they turned back towards the shop.

Suddenly a strange circle of fire appeared in front of them opening up wide as a demonic looking creature came walking out of it. He looked like a classic version if Satan or at least that is what Kevin thought as this thing with red skin and large black horns wearing armor that looked like it was made from the bones of dragons or something similar. His eyes were covered by what looked like metal welded to his head and he just seemed terrifying as he stood there.

"Who are you?" Kevin said stepping in front of Shadow as she had a look of fear in her eyes.

"No!" She said as Kevin turned confused by what she had said.

The large demonic being pulled out a whip that looked like it was made of lava whipping it toward Kevin knocking him to the ground before whipping it around Shadows waist and pulling her towards the portal. Kevin got up and transformed before attacking the creature. He jumped towards it before he reached up and grabbed Kevin by the throat.
