 Anna walked into this shop in the middle of nowhere in a building that looked like it was a house a hundred years ago. The floor creaked beneath her but all in all, it was not a bad looking shop. She wasn't even sure what she was doing there as she felt compelled to stop and check it out.

Her husband Peter had been working late a lot lately doing a special work project so she wasn't getting much sexual satisfaction lately so she stopped here. She was expecting a store full of porn and sex toys and not what she was looking at which was strange looking statues and items she couldn't identify. She walked around and didn't see anyone around but the sign on the door clearly said open and was unlocked.

She was looking at a shelf full of the statues that all looked strange and erotic. There were exotic looking woman with demonic wing spans and horns but also creatures that didn't look human at all. She glanced over at a small jar of some sort of black liquid that seemed to move as she walked past it like it was moving towards her. It was unnerving to watch as she quickly moved away from it before she looked to her left and saw a strange looking necklace. 

It appeared to be a red gem that she couldn't help but pick up and look at closely. There was a card with the box that described it as some sort of necklace you wear to have erotic dreams which she thought was a little strange. As she looked closer she could see something moving inside it almost like it was filled with smoke or something that seemed to flow around inside. She looked at it more closely as for a moment she saw something strange. She looked at it even closer when she thought she saw a woman's face staring back at her from inside the gem.

"What the..." She said suddenly dropping the necklace back on the shelf. 

When the gem hit she noticed a small crack as if it shattered on impact before a strange red smoke came pouring out of it quickly. Anna was freaked out by what was happening as she turned and ran out of the store scared before getting into her car and speeding off home.

Nessira came walking out of the backroom looking around a bit confused as she was pretty sure she had heard something moments ago. She walked over seeing a necklace out of place from where she remembered it being as she examined it more closely. Seeing the gem was now clear with a large crack in the middle knowing what had been inside it before she became a little worried.

"Oh, my... What have you done?" She said looking up at the ceiling as she heard the building creek a little as if responding to her. 

---------

It had been a few days since Anna's trip to the shop and she had basically put the events of that day behind her as she was at work. She was on lunch at a local diner she usually frequented on her break. She was nursing a coffee and reading emails on her phone when she saw a text from Peter saying he was working late again. It had become usual for him to work late and she understood but deep down she was starting to miss him a little.

As she went through her phone she noticed a woman standing a few feet away seemingly watching her. She tried to ignore her at first but every few seconds she noticed her. The woman smiled at her as she began to notice things about her. She had dark hair and was wearing a black dress that hugged her curves. For a moment Anna thought to herself how much she wished her body looked that good. After a few minutes, the woman walked over to her.

"Hello there, do you mind if I join you?" The strange woman said to her.

"Um, I suppose not, do I know you?"

"Oh no, but you seem like you could use a friend." She said sitting down across from her.

Anna suddenly got a whiff of her scent which was a bit intoxicating. She wasn't sure why kind of perfume She was wearing but she was liking it a lot and almost wanted to ask her where she got it.

"That is a lovely scent you're wearing Miss?"

"My apologies, my name is Jiless."

"Jiless?"

"Yes, but please just call me Jill."

"Okay, so what can I do for you, Jill?"

"Actually it's what I can do for you!"

"What are you talking about?"

"Well, I have a sort of sixth sense about people and you look like you need someone to talk to."

"Really, so you can just read people from across the room?"

"Sort of, and you caught my attention the moment you asked in."

"Well, I am sure there are far more interesting people for you to read so..."

"Why do you do that?"

"Do what?"

"Doubt yourself like that?"

"Excuse me?"

"You just said there were more interesting people than you, are you not interesting?"

"No, I mean of course I am... Look I should go."

"Please, I don't mean to make you upset, I am a sort of therapist in a sense."

"So you are saying I need therapy?"

"Of course not, but here is my card, if ever you find yourself lonely or just needing someone to talk to, call me, any time."

"Um, alright?" She said confused as she looked into Jill's eyes and got a strange feeling, it was if she had seen them before.

"I won't even charge you, you just seem like you need a friend."

Anna stood there for a moment noticing the scent if Jill's perfume was still very strong and was making her feel strange. She found herself smiling as even starting to check her out a little which was strange because she never found women attractive before but the scent was getting her a little hot and bothered the linger she stayed. She eventually took the card and glanced at it trying not to let on the effect Jill was having on her.

"Well I um, thanks, I guess, have a nice day," Anna said as she turned and headed for the door.

Jiless watched the skinny blonde woman get up and leave as she examined her more. She noticed how attractive she was despite the fact that she seemed to hide behind her glasses and work clothes as if she was shy or didn't know how attractive she was. She smiled to herself as she thought about the plans she had for her. It may take some time but she knew it would be worth the wait.

As Anna got back upstairs to her office she was still feeling a bit off. She went to her computer trying to get back to work but suddenly something just seemed strange as she was having trouble concentrating. She tried desperately to avoid this feeling she was having but soon she couldn't hold on anymore as she stood up and headed for the private woman's room on their floor.

She stood in front of the mirror sweating as she held her legs together feeling extremely horny all of a sudden. She wasn't sure what was wrong with her but it was getting difficult to stand and soon she was lifting up her skirt and sliding her hand into her panties. It didn't take much as the moment she touched her clit it sent a strong sensation through her body making her yell out a little as she held on to the sink counter. She frantically fingered herself trying not to make too much noise and feeling almost ashamed of herself for doing this at work but she couldn't stop herself anymore. She got closer and closer until she let out a loud moan before feeling herself squirt all over her hand as her knees began to shake violently.

She stood there holding the counter for a moment as the feeling finally subsided and she started to clean herself up. She looked in the mirror adjusting her glasses as she washed her hands and grabbed a paper towel cleaning up the mess. She felt much better but was still very confused about what had just happened but she tried to forget about it and go back to work.

---------

The next day Anna was sitting at home with a glass of wine that evening as Peter was working late again. She was getting almost annoyed with it but she knew he was dealing with a big merger at work so she was trying to think about the positives like the extra money he was bringing in but she was feeling lonely. She had gotten through the day without having to violate herself in the restroom at work so she figured it was just a random occurrence and put it behind her.

She looked down at the coffee table and noticed the card she had gotten from Jill the yesterday at the coffee house. She picked it up and glanced at it for a moment confused because all it said was her name and a phone number. There was no other information on it which seemed strange to her but she was still considering calling.

She put the card back down and began flipping through channeled only to discover nothing was on. She heard her phone go off and saw a text from Peter that said he was going to be later than usual. Aggregated she downed the rest of her wine and picked up that card again and dialed the number on it. It rang for a few moments as she wasn't even sure why she was doing it but she was hired and didn't know what else to do.

"Hello?" A voice said on the other end of the phone.

"Um, Hi is this Jiless?"

"Yes, this must be Anna."

"Yes, sorry about calling out of the blue like this but..."

"Not at all, what can I do for you?"

"I don't know exactly, I just... I guess I was just looking for someone to talk to."

"Of course, hey why don't you meet me at Jamie's for a drink?"

"Um.," Anna said thinking for a moment still not sure why she was doing this. "Sure, one drink wouldn't hurt."

"Great, meet you there in 10 minutes."

"10 minutes, how..." Anna asked before the phone hung up.

She was confused by what she was doing and why but she went and got dressed before heading down to Jamies which was the bar right around the corner from her apartment. She threw on a dress that she hadn't worn in a while just to feel a little dressed up for a change before she headed out.

When she got there she looked around for Jill but didn't see her anywhere. She sat down at the bar and waited but felt silly sitting there by herself. She almost felt like she was cheating on her husband which wasn't at all what she was doing but still she didn't see Jill anywhere so she thought about just going home.

"Ah, there you are!" Jill suddenly said as she sat down next to her.

"Oh shit, you startled me." 

"I'm sorry, nice dress by the way."

"Thanks, I don't get to wear stuff like this often so I figured what the hell."

"You're husband doesn't take you out?"

"Well, he's been very busy with work lately so..."

"Women have needs Anna, here." She said handing her a drink.

"What's this?"

"It's a drink I invented, told the bartender how to make it, give it a try."

Anna looked at the margarita glass filled with red liquid and said: "why not." Before she drank it. "Wow, that is very good, how do you make it?"

"It's a secret, but maybe someday I'll give you the recipe."

"You aren't trying to poison me are you?"

"You ask after you drink?" She said with a laugh. "Of course not, I told you, you needed a friend, here I am."

"A friend, so you just barge into peoples lives and expect them to be your friend?"

"Hey if I remember correctly you called me?"

"Yes, that's true..."

"So let's start there, why did you call me?"

"I... Honestly, I don't know."

"I think you do, you just haven't figured it out yet."

"Well, you just know everything don't you."

"I told you before, I read people."

"So then you tell me why I'm here then?"

"Okay, your husband has not been fulfilling you lately and you need something to do to keep you busy."

"Okay, What else?"

"You also aren't getting satisfied sexually."

"That's not true and it's also none of your business."

"Oh really, so he's giving it to you just the way you like it?"

"Like I said, it's none of your business."

"I think you want it to be my business."

"That's not... Why are we talking about my sex life?"

"I don't know, why do you want to?"

"I don't I... I mean..."

"Sounds like a sexually frustrated woman to me."

"Stop it!" Anna said getting a little angry and frustrated.

"I am sorry, sometimes I don't know when to back off, I apologize."

"It's nothing, I'm sorry I... Thanks for the drink but I think I'm going to call it a night" She said getting out of her seat. "Here." She said putting money down to pay her back.

"Not necessary, I hope you enjoyed it." She said with a smile.

"Thank you, have a nice night," Anna said as she left the bar and headed back home.

--------

Later that night as Anna slept she started having very intense dreams. They were very hot and passionate dreams which was odd to her because usually she didn't have sex dreams. It was hard for her to focus but she found herself having sex with a faceless man as in she just couldn't make out who it was. It wasn't so much about who she was having sex with as much as it was about the sex itself. She could feel the cock inside her as she was in complete control and bounced on top of this dream sex partner.

It felt very real and felt amazing but she was still confused because usually when she and Peter made love he was usually on top of her. It wasn't like he liked overpowering her or anything it was just what they were used to and she had no problem letting him fuck her like that despite the fact it had been a while since the last time they did it.

Anna awoke covered in sweat right as she orgasmed. Peter was asleep next to her as she struggled to catch her breath noticing the wetness between her legs. She had never had a wet dream before so this was a bit unusual to her as she rolled out of bed and headed to the bathroom to get cleaned up. 

She headed into the bathroom and turned in the light as she cleaned herself up. She looked in the mirror at herself covered with sweat and for a moment she felt good about herself. She looked herself over and just felt sexy which was the first time in a while so she admired her reflection for a moment before returning to the bedroom and getting in a new pair of panties before climbing back into bed.

Peter never awoke but she knew he was exhausted from all the extra hours he had been putting in lately. As she laid there she thought about what Jill had said about him possibly cheating on her and that's why he had been out so late but she knew it couldn't be true. Even though their sex life had been quiet lately she still trusted him. 

Despite these thoughts, It didn't take long for her to fall back asleep. The rest of the night seemed pretty uneventful in regards to her dreams so she rested well until the next morning as the sun came up. When she awoke she noticed Peter was already gone like usual but she shrugged it off and got up to shower and get ready for work.

Anna's day was pleasant as she worked. She seemed almost distracted by her dream like it was something she needed and soon she started to fill with a heed for the real thing. She pulled out her phone and sent Peter a text wondering if he would be home on time because she was thinking of taking him for a ride but before she could she got a text message from Jill.

"Hey, sorry if I made you upset last night, I would love to hang out again."

Anna couldn't believe Jill was still trying to be her friend after last night. She didn't understand why this woman wanted to be her friend so badly or what her interest was in her at all. At first, she didn't text back and went to send the test she had originally wanted to send to Peter. Once she had sent it she waited for a while.

"Sorry Babe, working late again, I promise I will make this up to you though once this project is done."

She read the message from Peter and she was bumbed out. She wasn't sure how much longer she could take him working so late like this. She went back and read the Text she had gotten from Jill and just stared at it. She wasn't even sure why she was so tempted to message her back after what had happened last night. She put her phone away without responding and headed to lunch.

As Anna sat in that diner she was about to order a coffee when suddenly one was put down in front of her. She was surprised before she looked up and saw Jill standing there with a smile on her face before sitting down across from her.

"Are you stalking me now?" Anna asked.

"Ha, I knew this is what time you were here for lunch the last time so it was safe to assume you'd be here again."

"Really Jill, what do you want from me?"

"What makes you think I want anything from you, I told you before, you need a friend and here I am."

"But friends aren't usually this pushy."

"Look, about last night, I had no right to pry into your personal life like that, It was wrong of me and I'm sorry, its hard for me sometimes."

"How so?"

"Because when I read people I get a lot of information about people and can seem pushy and even creepy to people, maybe I try too hard but it can be tough for me to make friends myself."

"Well, then maybe we need each other, maybe we met for a reason, I know how it feels to be lonely sometimes, so maybe I could use a friend if you still want the gig."

"I would like that," Jill said with a smile as she sipped her coffee. "By the way, try it."

"Oh, are still trying to poison me?"

"You enjoyed the drink I made last night didn't you?"

"It was good, but you're good at making coffee too, do the workers here know?"

"Just something I have them whip up for me, like I said, try it."

Anna took a sip of the coffee in front of her. It had a strange flavor to it but it was very good. She was shocked by how tasty it was as she had never had coffee this good before. She drank most of it before putting it back down on the table.

"That is good," Anna said.

"Told you,"

"Well, I guess I could use a friend that makes great coffee."

"I'm glad, and once again sorry about last night and talking about your sex life."

"Honestly, it has been tough with Peter working so much."

"You don't think he's cheating on you do you?"

"No, not at all, I trust him completely."

"And so you should, I mean look at you, you are a stone cold fox that he is lucky to have."

"Oh stop it."

"Seriously, you are a beautiful woman, don't try to hide from it."

"You mean with my glasses and all?"

"Glasses are very sexy actually, a smart sexy woman, any man would kill to have you."

Anna wasn't sure why but she suddenly felt very relaxed around Jill. It didn't really make any sense why she should but she was opening up to her which is something she didn't usually do with anyone. She told her about Peter and how long they had been together, how he proposed and even more. They chatted for a long time before she suddenly looked down at her watch and realized she was going to be late.

"Oh my, I am so sorry but I have to get back to work."

"No worries my dear, but let's do this again soon?"

"Definitely, how about tonight? Peter is working late again."

"Sorry, I can't tonight but I'll tell you what, here is my address, come over tomorrow night and we'll crack open a bottle of wine."

Anna looked at the information and thought how strange it was this woman was already inviting her over to her place even though they barely knew each other. Despite everything in her head telling her this was strange she agreed to meet her the following night.

"I'll be there," Anna said with a smile 

"I look forward to it, just get a good night sleep," Jill said with a smile as Anna turned and rushed back to work.

She sat there with a smirk on her face watching Anna walk down the street. She picked up the empty cup that Anna had been drinking from and smelled it. The scent was intoxicating as she enjoyed the aroma before licking the edge where her lips had touched it.

"Almost ready my sweet Anna." She said before she stood up.

Jill walked into the kitchen past employees seemingly unnoticed before she walked into the back storage opening the door and closing it behind her. She turned on the light as one of the employees was standing in the corner shaking with his hands tight to a shelf and his mouth gagged. She looked down at his cock that was sticking out if his pants glowing a strange pink color as he seemed to be struggling with a strange sensation.
