 Kevin was walking down the street on a sunny day. He liked walking as it gave him a chance to clear his head. He liked walking the old back roads in his neighborhood as he knew them very well and just loved nature. He loved seeing all the trees and listening to all the birds and other creatures in the woods as he went.

He turned a corner and was surprised to see a store where an old abandoned building had been for a long time. He was sure it was a convenience store years ago but had been empty for a very long time. Curious he got a closer look and saw a sign that said Lilith's erotic Emporium."

"Really, a sex toy shop around here?" He said to himself curious about the store.

He was going to keep going but something about the place made him want to check it out even though he wasn't really into that kind of stuff. He looked around to see if anyone else was around which seemed silly at the time but when he noticed the empty street he walked up the steps and went inside.

As he looked around he noticed a strange scent in the air. It was pleasant but a little odd. He saw a lot of incense, powders, oils and statues which was not what he was expecting at all. He didn't see anyone behind the counter so he just browsed the different items on the shelves. He saw a strange flower sitting on a pedestal in the middle of the room which he thought was strange. As he approached it he noticed a very lively scent emanating from it. The flower was pink and attached to a thick shaft which he also thought was strange but it was beautiful to behold. As he looked at the flower he heard a door open looking over to see a very attractive redhead coming walking out of what seemed to be a back room. There was a strange green light coming from it but she quickly closed the door and smiled at him before walking over.

"Good morning sir, what brings you in to my fine establishment today?"

"Hello, sorry I was just curious." He said looking around.

"Honestly most of the people who walk in say the same thing, I see you admiring this flower here."

"Yes, it's beautiful."

"That she is, you a nature lover?"

"I am actually, I love plants and especially flowers."

"Oh really, well this one here is brand new, just arrived yesterday actually."

"What is it called?"

"She is called Flos Femina."

"Such a beautiful name."

"Well why don't you take her home then? You said you love flowers."

"Well I'm walking right now so Id have to come back for it."

"Not a problem, I can have it delivered to you no charge."

"Really, in that case I'll take it."

"Very good sir, just come fill out a delivery form and it will be there before you know it."

"Thank you, are their instructions on how often to feed it?"

"This flower has a way of letting you know when it needs to be fed."

"Really, how so?"

"Trust me, you will know."

"Okay then, how much?"

"12.99"

"Wow that's cheap, here you go!"

"Thank you very much sir, I hope you will enjoy your new plant, I'm sure it will enjoy you."

"Ha, that's a good one, I promise to take special care of it."

"I'm sure you will, have a nice day sir."

"And you as well." Kevin said leaving the shop and continuing his walk home.

When he got to his apartment building he head the elevator to his place. When the doors opened he was shocked to see the flower right outside his door waiting for him with a note on it that said "hope you enjoy your product from Lilith's Erotic Emporium, 100% satisfaction guarantee."

"Wow that was quick, I'll have to check online and see if I can give them a review." He said picking up the flower and carrying inside.

He placed it in a good spot in the living room near a window so it could get some sun. He remembered what the woman said about knowing when it needed to be watered or fed so he let it be for now and went to take a shower and get changed before heading to work.

Kevin worked at a factory and hated his job. He would come home sore and tired every day and he hadn't gotten laid in over a year as he worked so much he didn't have time to date. He worked the late shift today so it was around 10pm when he finally got home walking in the door completely filthy and ready to take another shower and go to sleep.

The moonlight was shining brightly through the window and he could see his new plant looking just as beautiful as ever on the table. It's scent spread through his home and made the whole apartment smell amazing. As he breathed it in it made him feel happy among other things as he noticed a stiffness in his pants. He shrugged it off and showered again before going to bed.

A few hours had passed as he tossed and turned in his sleep. He had some very erotic dreams that were very realistic and intense which was unusual for him as he never had sex dreams very often but tonight was different. He could see this woman with pink hair and green skin teasing him and grinding against him as if she was begging him to fuck her. What was strange was she never actually let him penetrate her in any way and just rubbed him and grinded against him. She kept begging over and over again until he shot awake covered in sweat and breathing heavily. He looked at the clock and it was about 1:00 am and all he could smell was the scent of the flower.

Climbing out of bed he was a huge erection pressing against his boxer shorts he assumed was being caused by the dream he just had. He went to the kitchen to grab a drink to wet his throat and mouth as he was feeling a bit dry. He drank an entire bottle of water before grabbing a second on and gulping that down as well.

"Damn I was thirsty." He said before he looked out in the living room and saw the flower leaning to it's side.

Concerned he went out to get a closer look at it to make sure the stem didn't break or something. When he got close to it he noticed the center of the flower had a hole in it that was larger than most normal flowers. He took a closer look at it before sticking his finger inside and felt a slimy liquid in it that was very slippery when he rubbed it between his fingers. He smelled it and it smelled very sweet almost like the scent it had been giving off. He stuck his finger inside again but something strange happened as he noticed the flower tightened around his finger. It didn't hurt but it was snug and it started to pulse like it was sucking on him. 

"What the hell?" He said to himself as he tried to pull his finger out but it put up a bit of a fight before finally releasing him.

He looked at the goo on his fingers and started to wonder if this was some sort of plant similar to a Venus fly trap or something not realizing his erect cock had slid out through the hole in the front of his boxers only inches away from the flower. He was not paying attention and did not notice the plant move getting closer to his member until it slid over it and tightened around him.

"What the fuck?" He said feeling the plant grab his cock realizing he should have been paying attention. "You little shit." He said laughing it off but when he tried to pull out it was tighter than before and would not let him go. "What the hell?" He said trying to pry the flower open with his fingers but could not.

He struggled to get his cock free but it was no use. He began to panic a little but then something strange began to happen. The pulsing sensation from before started to happen and it actually felt kind of nice. In fact the more it pulsed the nicer the sensation got and he started to enjoy himself.

"Holy shit." He said as the flower held on to his cock and began to suck on it sending waves of pleasure through him the stronger the pulsing got.

He couldn't move as he didn't want to move the plant and damage it or the pot it was in so her stood there and let it do its thing. The flower began to slid back and forth leaving the slimy liquid on his shaft making it slid with ease. He thought about pulling his cock out thinking maybe now he could but it felt too good that he didn't want to even try. The pleasure got stronger as this plant continued to suck on him and he couldn't even believe it was happening.

What he hadn't noticed at first was the small vine that had branched off the main plant and had slid its way through the hole in his boxers and was wiggling its way between his legs. It caressed his balls at first which was what made him notice it but it felt nice. It quickly continued between his legs moving behind him. Suddenly it slid into his asshole shocking him a bit.

"What the fuck!" He yelled out but was afraid to try to pull it out unsure of hurting himself in the process.

He looked down at the plant sprouting more vines stroking his balls again and increasing his pleasure. He soon realized the vine inside him was tickling his prostate gland which made his whole body jerk as the pleasure increased. At first it tickled but then he felt something warm like it was coating his prostate in something to keep him stimulated. Everything happening was very strange but the pleasure felt so amazing he didn't want to fight it at all.

He could feel an orgasm building inside him from the constant pleasurable poking from all the vines of the plant. The slime made his shaft tingle as it continued to suck on him but it was becoming too much and he needed to cum hoping the plant would let him go when he did. He bucked his hips as he felt the vine inside him push on his prostate and make his cock twitch violently before he erupted yelling out so loud the neighbors might have heard him. He felt his cum shoot out of him as the plant shaft tightened around his not letting a single drop escape. His orgasm went on and on to the point his knees began to wobble and her collapsed to the floor falling unconscious.

Kevin didn't know how long he was out but when he awoke he was back in his bed laying comfortably. His head was spinning a bit but he felt a weight on top of him mainly around his pelvic area and he looked up to see a woman straddling his legs. He was shocked to see someone but what was stranger was she had pink hair the same color as the flower and her skin was a milky green color. It was the woman from his dream which made him wonder if he was dreaming again.

"No, you aren't dreaming." She said in a voice that sounded relaxing like a flowing river.

"Who, who are you?" He asked.

"I am a forest Nymph, I believe the woman called me Flos Femina, thank you for awakening me."

"Um... It was my pleasure, Femina."

"The pleasure has only just begun." She said as he realized he was naked and she was sitting lowering her head towards his still erect cock. "I want you to be as comfortable as possible so I brought you in here. Just relax, I don't want you to feel any discomfort." She said before she began licking his cock leaving a green slimy liquid on it as she did.

"Wel you are doing a great job, I feel amazing!"

"I am glad!" She said before taking his cock in her mouth sucking on him as he bucked his hips a little as she gave him an amazing blow job.

She continued for a while until she let him go and climbed up on top of him and let his slimy cock slide inside her letting out a moan as she lowered herself on to him. Kevin slid in with ease and moaned himself as his well lubricated cock was inside her warm tight pussy that felt similar to the flower.

"Do you want to touch me?"

"Very much so!" He said sliding his hands around her ass making her moan before sliding them up and caressing her breasts.

"Oh this feels nice, please touch me as much as you want, I want you to enjoy this as much as possible."

"What's not to enjoy, it's not every day I wake up to a beautiful woman, or forest nymph riding my cock."

"Thank you, I am happy you think I am beautiful."

"You are to die for, drop dead gorgeous, any man would be lucky to wake up with you."

She smiled at him as she continued to ride his cock. It was not long before he felt pressure in his balls again and her pussy squeeze around his cock making him cum hard as he bucked his hips up enjoying the sensation as she moaned out sucking up his juices. He relaxed but noticed that she was still moving her hips trying to get more from him but what was even stranger was his cock did not hurt.

"Woah, I don't know how but this still feels amazing." He said.

"My fluids numb the pain in your body so all you can feel is pleasure."

"Awesome, could you leave me a bottle of it when we're done? Might come in handy after a long day at work."

"Hehe, you won't be needing it!" She said giggling more before she started enjoying herself again. 

He couldn't believe how good he felt as she continued to move her hips sending waves of pleasure through him over and over again. He rubbed his hands squeezing her breasts making her moan out before grabbing his hands and pressing them harder against her large melons. It wasn't long before his cock began to twitch and he blew another load into her which she enjoyed very much along with him. He started to feel strange after a little while. He licked his lips as they felt a little dry and were starting to hurt. He tried to ignore it at first but it was really starting to bother him. It wasn't long before she noticed his discomfort and stopped and stared down at him with concern on her face.

"Are you feeling discomfort?"

"Just my lips hurt a little, that's all."

She smiled and leaned down kissing him. Her saliva felt like aloe as she covered his lips in it and even forced some into his mouth. It was a little strange at first but he could not help but swallow some of it before she pulled her lips away. His lips felt moist and did not hurt anymore so he smiled and was grateful for what she did.

"That really helped, thank you."

"As I said, I don't want you to feel any discomfort, it can get difficult towards the end."

"The end of what?" He asked soon realizing he couldn't raise his arms to touch her anymore. "Hey, I can't move my arms?"

"Relax your body, it will be over soon."

"Over, just let me get a drink and some rest and I can go a lot longer if you want."

"That won't be necessary, I have almost gotten everything I need from you, just enjoy these final moments."

"Final moments, what are you talking about?" He asked before he looked down and noticed his hands and looked dried out like the skin was hanging off the bones almost. "Wait, what are you doing to me, stop this!"

"It's too late for that, thank you so much for bringing me to life, now let me give you a final gift!" She said as she moved her hips harder getting him to orgasm faster.

"Wait, please, why are you doing this?"

"It has to be done, your death means my life, I thank you for your fluids as you have been delicious."

"Please don't, I have dont nothing to you?"

"You misunderstand, I am grateful for what you have done, which is why you will die feeling a pleasure no mortal man has ever felt and lived to tell about." She said as he could feel his orgasm approaching knowing it would be his last. 

She leaned down and kissed him again forcing more if the aloe like saliva into him trying to make sure he was as comfortable as possible. He closed his eyes and enjoyed all of it forgetting he was about to die but that was probably her intention. He felt no pain at all even as his body shriveled up and dried out. It was like he was numb all over except for the huge orgasm about to erupt from his cock as she gave a few final thrusts bringing him to the end before any moisture that was left came flooding out of him. He tried to yell but his vocal cords had dried up and he saw a bright light fill his eyes and pleasure that filled his very being as times seemed to stop leaving him in an eternity of pleasure.

The nymph sucked up every drop looking down to see a pile of dust where Kevin had been. She climbed off the bed and collected powdery remains of him into a small leaf wrapping it up before she opened the window and ran into the forest. It was dark but she soon found a small clearing where the moonlight shined and dug a small hole placing the leaf inside before covering it back up and finding a small pool of water nearby using it to moisten the ground before leaving and running deeper into the forest.

A few weeks had gone by and Nessira had her wings spread as she was lowering herself into the clearing where the nymph had planted the leaf weeks ago. She folded her wings and walked over to see a small pink flower had begun to sprout from the ground. It was much smaller than the one Nessira had sold to Kevin but it was still young. She smiled and and grabbed a small pot transferring the small flower in to it to bring back to the shop where she could take of it and nurse it until it was full grown and she would put it out for sale for the next nature lover to take home.