 Jake was coming home from work one day and heading up to his apartment to see his wife Anna. It had been a long day and he was tired and just couldn't wait to walk in and see her smiling face like he did every day. She always had her hair a mess after a long day but it really just added to her charm.

Jake and Anna had been married for almost ten years. They had lived in this apartment building a few miles outside the city for that whole time. They both worked in town and it was taking a toll on them both and even though Anna would say she wasn't stressed out but he could see it despite how she would keep getting promotions and such making it even harder to leave and start over somewhere else but Jake didn't really care where they lived as long as they were together.

As he approached his door he stopped as he saw some guys bringing boxes on two-wheelers into the apartment across from theirs which had been empty ever since the elderly woman Mrs. Brown died there a year ago. He was curious as to who his new neighbor was going to be as he walked by and peeked inside but couldn't see much.

"Can I help you?" A woman's voice said right behind him making Jake jump a little as he didn't see or hear anyone approach.

"Oh crap, I'm sorry, you startled me," he said looking at the woman with dark hair standing in front of him.

"My apologies," she said with a slight grin before putting her hand out. "I am Venessa, I just moved in."

"Well hello Venessa, I'm Jake, I live right over here," he said looking at his door while shaking her hand. "So we will probably see you quite a bit."

"Hm, I hope so," she said almost teasingly before glancing down at his other hand for a moment. "You're married I take it?"

"Oh, yes, almost ten years now," he said showing his ring.

"Congratulations, Well, I would very much like to meet your wife," she said and a way that almost made Jake feel uncomfortable yet he wasn't sure why.

"Oh, um, of course, Anna would love to meet you, she always gets along with the neighbors. If you want, maybe we can stop over once you are settled?"

"I would like that very much, come by this evening, I insist, I really want to get to know the people in the building," she said before finally letting go of his hand and walking past him. She looked back at him once inside and said: "please, around 7:00 perhaps, I look forward to it.

Jake watched her walk into the apartment as she was wearing a long black coat and high heeled boots that made a lot of noise when she walked. He wondered how he didn't hear her coming in those boots but didn't think much of it before continuing to his home a few feet down the hall.

As he unlocked the door and walked in he saw Anna sitting at the kitchen counter on her computer and on her phone. She was wearing her reading glass and had her hair up in a bun with a pen sticking out of it. A few strands of her dirty blonde hair hanging down in her face as he heard her arguing with one of her employees about a report not getting done.

Jake stood there admiring her in her current state. She would say she looked like a mess but he loved her looking like this. She was a beautiful woman and for some reason even like this with her appearance toned down by work stress and other factors it just made her look even better in his eyes.

"Just get it done okay? Thank you!" She said before hanging up the phone. "Hey Honey."

"Busy day?" He asked putting down his work bag.

"I work with a bunch of idiots, gonna give me gray hairs."

"I don't see any, you look as beautiful as ever."

"Thanks but I am a fucking mess right now," she said as Jake chuckled as he knew that is what she would say.

"Did you know someone was moving into Mrs. Brown's place?"

"No, but that's good."

"Yeah, her name is Venessa, asked me to come by with you later because she wanted to meet some people in the building."

"Oh, okay, should we bring something?"

"I can go grab some wine maybe," he said unsure of how to answer.

"I think we have an unopened bottle in the cabinet."

Jake went over and looked seeing the bottle. "Ah yes, I'll throw it in the fridge to chill it a bit," he said pulling it out.

"Perfect, oh crap, what should I wear, maybe I should jump in the shower."

"Maybe I'll join you," he said with a grin.

"Not now, we want to make a good first impression, if she is gonna live right next to us we want to get along with her don't we?"

"Honey, calm down, it's just a neighbor, you aren't meeting the president."

"Right, but anyway I should at least change," she said as she ran to the bedroom and began digging through the closet.

-----------

Later that night Anna had cleaned herself up and put on a casual dress. She had fixed her hair before putting back up in a bun and was still wearing her glasses but grabbed the bottle out of the fridge and was ready to go meet their new neighbor.

"Anna, you're still wearing your glasses."

"Huh, oh, I guess I am," she said feeling a little embarrassed. 

"You need to see Doctor Ericson, think it might be time to get permanent glasses."

"I know, just hard to find the time, but anyway, let's go meet our new neighbor," she said heading for the door with Jake in tow.

They approached the door and Jake gave it a few knocks. They waited a few moments before it opened up and Venessa was standing there with her hair around her shoulders wearing a very tight and revealing black dress. Anna looked at Jake for a second before she turned back to Venessa.

"Hi, I believe you met my husband earlier, I'm Anna, and welcome to the neighborhood," she said with a smile before handing her the bottle of wine.

"My my, Jake you did not tell me your wife was such a beautiful woman."

"Oh, stop, work stress really brings out my eye's," Anna said jokingly.

"Nonsense, please come in, make yourself comfortable," Venessa said letting them enter before shutting the door behind her.

"Wow, this place already looks amazing," Jake said seeing how everything already seemed unpacked and set up.

"Thank you, spared no expense on the moving company, please make yourselves comfortable," she said showing them the living room while she went into the kitchen with the bottle.

"You didn't tell me she was a stone cold fox," Anna whispered as she and Jake sat down on the couch.

"Why would I say that, you want me to walk in and say hey honey we have a new hot neighbor?"

"Well no, but Jesus, she is gorgeous."

"So are you, stop thinking about it," he said as they heard footsteps.

"Yes Jake, your Anna here is a remarkable beauty," Venessa said walking into the living room handing them a few glasses of the wine they brought.

"Sorry, I just wasn't expecting you to be so, stunning," Anna said talking about Venessa's looks.

"All women are beautiful, that is how we lure in our prey."

"Prey?" Jake said confused.

"You my Dear, men are our prey."

"Oh, ha, I get it," he said before noticing the large painting on the wall of what appeared to be a woman with large wings and horns. "That is a nice painting."

"You like it, it is of the succubus Vylerris, she is an ancient beautiful creature, the original Daughter of Lilith."

"She is very attractive, yes, but a daughter of Lilith?" he said not sure what she meant.

"The daughters of Lilith were her generals, her most powerful, they fulfilled her every desire when she wanted to rule over mankind."

"What happened to her?" Anna asked seemingly enthralled in the story.

"One day Lilith gave up her venture to rule, she felt guilty and tired, the daughters scattered to the four winds, some died, some went into hiding."

"Wow, so what happened to Vylerris. And Lilith?"

She smiled a little before she said: "Vylerris hasn't been seen or heard from in quite some time, Lilith, it is said she wonders the world as a beautiful woman, trying to enjoy the simple pleasures in life along with her... daughter."

"Wait, Lilith had an actual daughter?" Jake asked.

"Adopted, but yes, her name was Nessira, the one true daughter that Lilith loved more than any other," Venessa said seemingly with sadness in her voice.

"Wow, these are amazing stories," Anna said breaking the silence as Venessa smiled at her comment.

"I am sorry, I am sort of a feminist, I like symbols that inspire women to take control and be the powerful predators that they are," she said as she looked over at Anna. "In fact, perhaps you can help me, Anna?"

"With what?" Anna asked curiously.

"I want to start hosting a sort of weekly get together, just the ladies from the building, some wine, some chatting, just womanly fun."

"That sounds nice, I've been looking for something to take my mind off of work stuff lately."

"Wonderful, oh and don't worry Jake, I will return her home to you every night safe and sound."

"Not worried at all, sounds like it would be good for her, I can keep myself entertained for a few hours."

"I am sure you can," Venessa said with a smile that sent a chill down Jake's spine.

"Oh this is gonna be fun, I know most of the women in the building so I will spread the word."

"Thank you, Anna, maybe on Wednesdays, starting tomorrow?"

"Um, short notice but, yes I definitely will get to work on this."

"You are a wonderful woman Anna, you must feel so lucky Jake," she said looking back at him again.

"I'm the lucky one," Anna said holding his hand and smiling at him while he looked over at Venessa who seemed to be looking down at their interlocked hands.

After about an hour of chatting Jake and Anna decided to head home. Venessa walked them to the door examining Anna closely. Jake looked over and saw Venessa checking out his wife and began to wonder if maybe she was a lesbian. He didn't care either way just as long as she didn't try to put any moves on his wife.

'Well welcome to the neighborhood," Jake said as Venessa got very close to Anna. Anna seemed suddenly enthralled in Venessa as she looked into her eye's. "So tomorrow night then?" Jake said breaking the silence.

"Yes, I am looking forward to it, my Dear Anna," she said looking at Jake's wife with lust in her eye. 

Jake eventually tapped his wife on the shoulder getting her attention before they both headed home. "So that was an odd night?" Jake said as he and Anna walked in the door.

"A little, but she just seems the type who has a hard time making friends, but these little get-togethers sound like fun."

"Oh yeah, looks like she might have wanted to be more than friends there for a moment."

"Hey if she swings that way who are we to judge?"

"But you're my wife."

"You aren't really worried about that are you?"

"I suppose not, it would be nice for you to go and do something that wasn't work related for a change."

"Okay I know, I've been stressed out lately, but hopefully this will take my mind off things."

"Well if you are feeling stressed, maybe I can help with that," he said walking over to her and pulling her into his arms.

"I am very tempted, but also very exhausted Honey."

"Well, I need to get some alone time with you as much as I can before our new neighbor turns you into a man-hating feminist or a lesbian." He said jokingly.

"Jake, there is nothing she can do or say that will ever make me stop loving you, you hear me? You are my whole world, until the end." She said putting her hands on his cheeks.

"Poetic, but I know."

"Don't worry, I'll make it up to you," she said giving him a kiss before heading to the bedroom.

Jake had an erection that almost hurt against his pants. It started when he was at Venessa's which he thought was odd but figured it was just his mind wondering. He followed her to bed getting undressed before going to sleep. Anna was out cold rather quick but he still had a painful erection that didn't seem to want to stop.

"Great," he said before rolling over and going to sleep.

------------------

The next day when Jake got home from work he saw Anna getting ready in the bedroom for her get together at Venessa's. As he walked in he saw her with her hair down and she was wearing a black dress that she usually wore to business dinners and other events but he couldn't help but check her out as she looked good.

"Damn, wished you dressed up like this for me," Jake said looking her over.

"Oh stop it, weren't you saying yesterday how I looked good with my hair a mess and in my work clothes."

"You do, but I do like some effort sometimes."

"Oh shut up, I don't know how late I'll be, not sure how many of the other girls are going but I am right across the hall if you need me."

"I'm a big boy, I can take care of myself."

"I know you can," she said walking over and giving him a kiss before heading for the door.

"There is a microwave pizza in the freezer, or you can just order something if you..."

"Anna, I can feed myself, go have will you."

"Love you," she said blowing him a kiss before shutting the door.

Jake watched her leave before he looked at the living room. "So what to do with my spare time," he said to himself as he went and grabbed a microwave pizza and turned on the TV. He flipped through channels for a while finding a few sitcoms to watch but after a while he found himself starting to doze off.

He looked down at his watch and realized it was after 9:00. He looked at his phone and hadn't seen any messages from her so he hopped up and poked his head out into the hallway. He walked up to Venessa's door and could hear a commotion on the other side. It sounded like multiple women chatting so he shrugged and went back to his place. He figured if the get together was still going on he would let Anna have her fun so he decided to head to bed.

Jake got into his boxers and a t-shirt and laid down. He played a few games on his phone for a while before finally closing his eye's and falling asleep. He wasn't sure how long he was asleep for before he suddenly awoke but wasn't sure why. The lights were off and it was quiet but he noticed someone standing in the doorway.

"Anna, what time is it?" He asked still a little groggy from waking up. He looked up as he noticed her sliding off her dress figuring she was getting ready for bed but she began to crawl on the bed towards him as the light from passing cars shined in every now and then showing a lustful look in her eyes. "Anna, are you okay?" He asked before she lunged at him pressing her lips to his and pulling away the blanket covering him.

Jake was a bit confused but he found this very arousing. She pulled off his shirt and began to kiss his chest almost scraping her teeth along his skin as she did. She was acting almost like a wild animal in heat as her hands went and pulled off his boxer shorts almost ripping them as she did. He was still a little soft but was quickly getting hard as she grabbed his cock and began to suck on it.

"Shit," he blurted out as she had her way with his manhood.

She had never been this forceful before or direct. She always gave good head but this was different like she just wanted to fuck like crazy as her tongue bathed his member tickling every part of it making Jake moan out. He sat up as he felt her release his member and just continue to tease it with her tongue before she climbed back up towards him and impaling herself on his member.

It was all happening so quickly but it felt amazing. Her pussy was warm and tight as she started to slowly move her hips milking him until gradually getting faster. His hands slid up her body as he pulled himself up towards her kissing her again. She grabbed his shoulders digging her fingernails into his skin. Jake let out a slight wince of pain but everything felt so good he didn't want it to stop.

He grabbed her and turned her over putting her beneath him as he began to thrust himself into her. She let out a moan wrapping her legs around his waist as their lips met again. She actually bit his lips at one point which for some reason aroused him even more. There was no blood but it did hurt but he just wanted to continue to fuck her as he felt his balls begin to tighten.

As his cock slid in and out he knew he couldn't last much longer as he felt her tighten her grip around him. He gave one last deep thrust before he felt himself begin to drain his seed into her. She let out a moan as well which told him she too was climaxing as her breathing became more erratic before he collapsed on top of her.

Jake felt drained and exhausted but he couldn't remember the last time they had fucked that good. He looked up at her as she was still reeling from her orgasm until she opened her eyes and smiled at him. He kissed her again as he felt her fingers run through his hair. He eventually rolled to her side and they fell asleep wrapped in each other's arms.

------------------

The next morning Jake awoke to the sun shining through the window. His alarm was going off as he quickly silenced. Anna was asleep with her head against his chest and he didn't want to disturb her but they both had to get ready for work.

"Anna, Babe, time to get up."

"Hhmmm, I don't want to," she said in a moaning voice.

"Me neither but it's time."

"Oh, fine," she said finally sitting up and stretching before looking back at him.

"So, had a good time last night?" He asked.

"I did, I told you I'd make it up to you."

"Oh yeah, no that was great, but I was talking about the party."

"Oh, oh yeah that was fun, Venessa has this way with words you know."

"How so?"

"Well at one point she was giving us all this empowering speech about being a woman, and to take our power back, it just got me so turned on."

"Well, in that case, you should keep hanging out with her."

"Oh I plan to, but don't worry, whatever feminist speeches she gives, you will reap the benefits," she said before leaning down and kissing him.

She rolled out of bed and headed for the shower. Jake went to get up but felt a little more tired than usual. He didn't think much of it as the sex they had last night was amazing. He shook his head regained his balance and followed her to the shower without giving it a second thought.

Anna left before him as she had some stuff to do at the office. Jake got his stuff together and headed out the door only to see Venessa heading out as well. She looked at him and smiled as Jake did the same.

"Good morning Venessa, hope you are having a good morning."

"I am, thank you, Jake, I see you have some spring in your step today."

"Oh I do, say that is a beautiful necklace," he said seeing the large red gem around her neck. It had looked familiar but he wasn't sure why before he said: "were you wearing that the other night?"

"Sure you aren't looking for an excuse to look at my cleavage?" She said in a playful voice.

"Oh, no no, my apologies, it just looks familiar but I'm not sure why..." He stopped as there was a reflective light that hit him in the eye.

"Oh my, are you alright?" She said seeing him pull away as if in pain.

"Huh, yeah just the light shined in my eye," he said blinking a few times.

"Sorry about that," Venessa said.

"Nope, my fault for looking at your chest," he said joking around. "I am sorry though, didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable.

"Not at all, I appreciate anyone complimenting my... jewelry," she said as if toying with him a little.

"I truly am sorry, this is all a bit awkward."

"Don't worry yourself over it, unless you want to take things a little further?" She said stepping closer to him.

"Um, excuse me?"

"You have a lovely wife, and I can tell how much you love her, but maybe there is something else you want instead?" She said getting even closer as Jake could feel his heart racing.

He wasn't sure if she was serious or not but he couldn't deny home amazingly hot she was. As he stood there a strange feeling came over him as he saw him and Venessa from a third person perspective. They were in her bed or at least he assumed it was hers but they were both naked as she fucked him. He could almost taste her lips and feel the warmth of her pussy around his cock. It all happened in quick flashes but it felt strange but amazing.
