 I hope you all have enjoyed this series, there is a character in this story named Nekozar whom was created by the literotica author Rak-Sasha, please go check out her work and enjoy the story.

*****

Stephanie was driving down a long winding back road late one evening on her way home. She knew her husband Colin was waiting for her but for some reason she felt compelled to take the long way home. She needed time to think as lately she had been feeling a bit disappointed with life. She loved her husband and knew he loved her but it was starting to feel very routine and boring and she was starting to fear they were in a rut.

She wasn't sure how to fix it or even if it needed to be fixed but she suddenly pulled up to a little store called Lilith's in the middle of nowhere. She was confused but had this feeling like it was some sort of sex toy shop or something which gave her an interesting idea.

"Maybe they have something i can use to spice things up?" She said to herself as she parked the car and headed inside.

She opened the door and walked in not seeing anyone around. The door was unlocked and the sign said open so she wasn't too concerned when she began to look around only it wasn't what she was expecting at all. She saw statues and different herbs and a lot of strange items.

She walked over to get a closer look at some of the statues which looked very odd. She saw one that looked like a dragon with a large erection which made her chuckle a little. She saw some that looked like demons and elves and many other interesting looking creatures. It wasn't until she gazed upon a statue of an almost egyptian looking woman that really caught her attention.

Something about this statue was very beautiful and even a little seductive. The woman stood there with her head turned looking over her shoulder with very beautiful face. She had a sort of crown on her head and a cape or robe draped over her shoulder. Her hands seemed to have strange jewelry on them. It was the eye's that really caught her attention though. For a small statue the eyes were very details. At first she thought they looked feline but as she looked closer she began to feel odd. She began to lose herself in her stare and started to feel a little strange but also very turned on all of a sudden.

"Hello welcome to Lilith's, how may I help you?" Nessira said as she walked out of the back room and saw the beautiful blonde woman with glasses looking at the statues.

"Oh, sorry the door was unlocked."

"No worries we are open, I was out back tending to something." Nessira was a little confused as she had sensed her but wasn't sure why the store lured her in.

"Oh God!" She heard a males voice yell from outback not sure if it was from passion or fear.

"What was that?"

"New Dvds we got in stock, I like to watch them and make sure our customers will like them." Nessira lied not wanting to say what was really going on back there.

"Okay, tell me about this statue?"

"This one?" Nessira said confused by how that statue how gotten to the sales floor. "This is Nen-Sala, she was an Egyptian sorceress."

"She is very beautiful."

"That she is, she was human but began to study dark magic taking after..."

"Taking after whom? You stopped there mid sentence."

"Legend has it there was a goddess whom used to rule Egypt for a time and use dark magic to bring out the inner beast in her subjects, changing them physically even into animal human crossbreeds but she was eventually banished and locked away." She said thinking about he friend. "Nen-Sala grew up hearing the stories and wanted to learn this magic so she practiced the dark arts becoming powerful in the ways of dark sexual magic until one day fearing she would become something too dangerous she was murdered by her own family and her soul placed in this stone statue."

"I see, how much for this statue?" Stephanie said even more fascinated by it.

"Nen-Sala?... oh you don't want that one, here let me show you something over here that might..."

"Seriously, I want to buy it, name your price."

"Look, at Lilith's we have a 100% satisfaction garuntee, and I don't believe you would be completely satisfied with this one."

"Please, I'll pay anything for it, here." She said taking out all the money she had.

Nessira was tempted to sell it to her but knew there would be risks. She knew what this woman was and what she was capable of and was even a little turned on at the idea of what she would do to this beautiful woman in front of her but she also knew the danger of releasing her. She thought about it for a moment but looked at Stephanie who seemed to be memorized by it until Nessira finally shook her head and took the statue from the shelf and brought it over to the counter before wrapping it up in paper and placing it in a bag before taking Stephanie's money. Perhaps it was time for Nen-sala to return.

"I am placing a store card in the bag, if any problems arise or you would like to exchange it I will take care of it personally."

"Thank you, but it is such a beautiful statue, I think even my husband is going to love it."

"I hope you do, well enjoy." Nessira said feeling more nervous as she watched the woman walk out of her store holding the statue she always feared to sell.

--

Stephanie got home and placed the bag down before walking over to Colin who was sitting at the table reading his e-mails. She had almost forgotten about the statue as she walked over and gave him a quick kiss before the discussion began about supper. She was feeling her normal self at the moment and wasn't really thinking about what she had bought and just went to order something to eat with Colin and go about the night.

Later that evening as Colin was asleep next to her in bed and she was reading some messages wearing her reading glasses. She wasn't all that tired but it suddenly hit her that she had purchased that statue from earlier. Putting down her phone she quietly climbed out of bed and headed out to the living room. 

She looked around and saw the bag next to the couch where she had left it and walked over to get a look at it. She sat down and pulled it out unwrapping the paper to get a good look at her new purchase. It was just as beautiful as she remembered but she couldn't help but think about what the woman at the store had said about having any problems.

She shrugged it off and placed it on the shelf above the television and sat back down to gaze at it. Stephanie was happy with it and couldn't help but just stare at it every feature was gorgeous and the eye's just caught her attention. She stared at them for a moment and began to feel a little strange but in a good way. 

She couldn't quite explain it but she started to feel a little more confident in herself and above all more sexy as well. She started to slide open her bathrobe and look herself over a little. She was never a bad looking woman but lately she hadn't been feeling as sexy as she used to. The fact that Colin hadn't complimented her in a while was also part of the problem but as she looked at herself she began to rub her hands all over her body. She felt her breasts and her stomach feeling the skin beneath her fingers. It didn't take long before she slid her hand under her panties and began to gently touch her clit teasing herself a little as the statue watched.

Stephanie hadn't noticed but the eye's of the statue had turned yellow and had a mild glow to them as it watched her masturbate on the couch. Nen-Sala watched as this woman who it saw as a wild animal begging to be released show her her body so it could examine its new potential host. Nen-Sala was pleased with what it was seeing and waited for her to make eye contact again which didn't take long.

Stephanie looked up at the two yellows eyes staring back at her. She was frightened for only a second but soon she was losing herself to its gaze. She began to feel a primal urge start to stir inside her like a caged animal had been released. She felt this intense urge to fuck and continued to pleasure herself as her eye's began to change a little turning yellow and more beastly as she began to growl a little before she heard her phone go off as she had notification that distracted her enough to break the connection.

Stephanie wasn't sure what had just happened but the statue looked normal. She shook her head for moment trying to figure out what had just happened but suddenly realized she was extremely horny. She looked down at herself, at the moist spot in the front of her panties and her wet fingers and suddenly thought about Colin laying in her bed in the other room and how much she needed him right now.

Stephanie got up and headed for the bedroom as the statue watched her leave. It sat there motionless and quietly as it began to think to itself how much it enjoyed the little show it just got. She was not disappointed that their connection was broken as she knew she had plenty of time to take this woman over little by little but for now she would let her have her fun.

Stephanie walked into the bedroom and saw Colin asleep on his back. She was happy his cock was now easy to obtain as she slid off the blanket and his boxer shorts before she started licking and playing with his cock which was still soft but soon began to stiffen. Colin began to stir a little opening his eye's a little shocked to see his wife licking and massaging his cock.

"Uh, Steph, what are you... oh god." He said as his cock got harder and she continued to have her way with it.

Colin wasn't sure what had gotten into her but he couldn't help but enjoy the sensation that he was experiencing at that moment. She was never much of the kinky type in the bedroom so this was a pleasant surprise for him as her tongue traced his shaft while her hand gently squeezed his balls. Little drips of precum had already started to slide out of his tip as he hadn't been touched like this for a long time.

"I want your fucking cock!" Stephanie said before she slid off her panties and climbed on top of him.

He didn't question or resist as his cock slid inside her easily. Her robe was on the floor as she slid off her shirt and threw it across the room. She grabbed his hands and placed them on her breasts as if she couldn't wait for him to touch her. Colin massaged them gently rubbing her nipples and making her moan out as she bit her lips and rocked her hips. He pulled himself up wrapping his arms around her and kissing her neck as she ran her fingers through his hair pulling it a little.

"Oh god, fuck me like you mean it!" She said moving her hips even faster.

Colin grabbed her and rolled her onto the bed under him before he shoved his cock back inside her. He used all the force he had shoving himself as deep as he could as her leg curled up around his waist and her face said it all about she felt. Her moans grew louder as he sped up his pace making the whole bed shake and rock back and forth. She wrapped her hands around his back digging her fingernails into him making him moan out in pleasure and pain as he thrust himself harder. He could feel her tense up before she let out a yell and he could even feel her squirting all over him as his cock erupted inside her shooting his cum until they were both dripping with multiple juices.

He collapsed resting his head on her chest listening to her breath as her fingers ran through his hair again. He could feel her wet skin and smell the sex in the air as they both just laid there and enjoyed the after affects of what had just happened. Stephanie's eye's turned yellow for a moment and her vision seemed odd but it only lasted a few seconds and Colin hadn't even noticed. They both ended up falling asleep in eachother's embrace until morning.

--

Eventually they separated and were sleeping on either side of the bed. As Stephanie slept she began to have strange dreams that seemed very real. She was looking at a large stone room that made her think of a palace in ancient Egypt. She had no control of her movements and just seemed to flow through until she saw a woman sitting on a thrown at the end of the room. She was wearing gold jewelry that left little to te imagination. As she looked upon her ahs began to realize this woman was the woman from the statue she had purchased. This was Nen-Sala

She stood there gazing upon this beautiful sorceress before she turned to her making eye contact. Stephanie felt strange as the woman stood up and walked towards her with a seductive smile on her face. She placed her hand on Stephanies cheek and gently caressed her before she spoke in what she imagined was Egyptian but she could understand what she was saying.

"You body is beautiful but not without its imperfections, but don't worry, once I have you I will make you perfect, but your husband, I need you to tire him out for me, I have plans for him as well but for now have your fun with him, exhaust him, make him cum more times than he ever has before, then I will finish him off for you." She said before placing a gentle kiss on her lips.

Stephanie awoke suddenly a little surprised and confused. She looked over at Colin asleep next to her and couldn't stop thinking about his cock. She wanted him again right then and there. She wasn't sure what that dream was all about and was even starting to question her own sanity. She went to reach and start rubbing Colins cock again but she resisted and went back to sleep.

--

When Colin awoke he was in bed alone. He could here shuffling and other noises coming from the kitchen but his head was spinning a little as he pushed himself out of bed. He grabbed a pair of jogging pants sliding them on before he noticed the big stain the had made in the sheets from last night. He turned and headed out into the living room when he saw a strange statue on the mantle above the TV which he knew hadn't been there before. He didn't give it much thought before he headed into the kitchen and saw Stephanie there pouring coffee.

"Good morning Honey." She said giving him a kiss before handing him a mug."

"Good morning, you feeling okay?"

"I feel amazing, you had something to do with that by the way." She said before opening the fridge and bending over.

She was wearing just a t-shirt and panties nd he couldn't help but stare at her ass which looked amazing all of a sudden. She grabbed what she needed before turning around and noticing him staring before she smiled and walked back over to the counter and sipping her own coffee.

"So, last night was... nice."

"Yeah I was just really turned on all of a sudden, sorry I woke you up."

"Honestly you can wake me up like that whenever you want." He said laughing a little and taking another drink. "Hey whats with the statue out there?"

"You like it, I picked it up on my way home yesterday."

"Well its a bit odd, why did you buy it?"

"I honestly don't know, I saw it and it just... it made me feel good."

"How so?"

"I really don't understand it but I put it up last night and I suddenly wanted to fuck your brains out."

"Well in that case, I love it!"

"Shut up, I know it sounds crazy but there's this little store that sells sexual artifacts and I just liked that one."

"So its like a fertility idol but for sex?"

"Maybe?"

"Cool."

"You think I'm nuts don't you?"

"Honey if this statue makes it so last night happens more often then I don't really care what it is."

"Well in the case." She said walking around the counter before sliding her hands into his pants and rubbing the buldge in his underwear. "How about a little fun before work?"

"Well, if that's what the statue wants?" He said jokingly.

"Just shut up and fuck me." She said jumping up and sitting on the counter wrapping her legs around him before pulling off her shirt.

"Oh shit." He said before she pulled him in kissing him.

He wrapped his hands around her warm body as she pulled him close so his cock was rubbing against her panties. He didn't take long before he slid her panties off and she grabbed his member stroking it e few times before guiding it between her legs. They both let out a moan as he started thrusting himself in and out of her. She was wet as his cock slid easily sending waves of pleasure through them both. 

Colin wasn't sure what was going on with his wife suddenly being horny and the strange statue in the living room but he didn't really care. They hadn't had passion in their relationship like this in years and he was going to enjoy every second of it. He was starting to fall for his wife again and even lust for her. Something about her just seemed sexier and he wanted to fuck her every chance he could get.

It wasn't long before he blew his load and also felt her squirt all over him as well. They held each other tightly as a puddle of their juices was dripping off the counter and on to the floor.

"That was amazing." He said before he glanced over at the clock "Shit, I'm gonna be late" He said giving her a kiss before heading to take a shower. 

Colin went to work and he was in an amazing mood. He was a bit tired but he was not complaining by any means. The day was long but eventually he looked at his watch and saw it was getting close to the end of the day. He began to think about Stephanie and how much he wanted to fuck her again when he got home.

That night when he got home Stephanie was there waiting for him wearing lingerie and ready to jump his bones. Over the next few days it was almost a non-stop sex marathon. Every night he got home she was there ready to fuck, then again in the morning before work and sometimes again when they showered to clean up. Colin was loving this new side of Stephanie despite how exhausted he was and didn't really question what was going on.

About 4 days after she had purchased the statue Colin was on his way home when he thought about what she had said about the statue and how it got her all hot and bothered. It sounded a bit crazy but it was great sex which they hadn't done in a long time so he wasn't about to start questioning it too much.

As he pulled into the parking garage and locked his car he headed up to their apartment. He had gotten a text from Stephanie saying she was heading home early so he wasn't sure if she was feeling sick or not but he was hoping to maybe take her out to dinner that night.

--

Earlier that day.

Stephanie had left work early because she wasn't feeling quite right at. She kept thinking about the statue and about the strange dream she had but as this day went on she started getting strange visions when she closed her eyes. It started while she was at her computer and thought she saw a reflection of a woman with dark hair standing behind her only to turn around and see no one there. This happened quite a few times and it was starting to freak her out a bit.

She went into the bathroom and splashed some water in her face and calmed herself down a little thinking maybe she was just over tired or something. She grabbed a towel and dried her face off adjusting her shirt a little when she looked up and staring at her through the mirror as is she was staring behind her was a tall dark haired woman wearing what she could only describe as ancient egyptian jewelry and pieces of cloth that left little to the imagination.

She spun around and saw her standing in front of her stepping closer to her. She was shocked and scared not sure who this woman was or what she was doing in the bathroom but it finally struck her. Stephanie realized she looked just like the statue she had purchased from Lilith's which frightened her even more.

"Oh my God, you're, you're!" She said as the woman place her finger on her lips before leaning close to her. 

She felt strange and started to feel even a little turned on. She could feel her breath on her skin and wasn't sure exactly what she was going to do to her but she was waiting with anticipation for it. Her hand left her lips and slid down her chest as if feeling her skin and examining her. A smile came across the woman's face as she seemed to like what she saw before she leaned forward and pressed her lips to hers.
