 Edited by Spellslave

*

"It's no good, I have to go and I can't get out of it," Eddie practically whined in annoyance as he attempted to fix his tie, a thickset man with a rather plain face that didn't match his expensive designer suit Edward Black never quite matched and always seemed to be dressed in someone else's clothes.

"But it's my birthday," Dawn protested indignantly as she glared at her erratic boyfriend. If Eddie thought that she was going to let him put his work first yet again and not get yelled at, then he had another thing coming.

"Come on Dawn, do I sulk when you go on a spending spree on my credit card? I have to make this meeting or I'll lose the account. I'll be back tomorrow I promise," he replied sounding exasperated his arms crossed in irritation. 

Eddie found her pouting face almost comical and only the thought of the retaliatory shopping spree she would no doubt launch prevented him from laughing. As much as her happiness when she showed off the items purchased was always entertaining, the dent to his account often was not. His 'fiery but worth it' girlfriend meanwhile lounged on the bed sulking as he finished getting dressed, an ugly pout spoiling her otherwise gorgeous features. 

Dawn was pissed and he knew it, but god she looked good even when her temper was up. Eddie stopped his frantic attempts to do up his tie and gazed down on her while the chance presented itself. Five foot five, red-headed and athletic almost to the point of muscular she had been a model when he first swept into her life and always looked as if she was mid photoshoot. At present she was glaring up at him from between her perfect D-cup breasts, her face framed by her expensively-styled coppery curls. If the dammed meeting wasn't so important, he'd drop it and continue as planned, he mused. He had met Dawn almost eleven months ago now, yet it seemed like ten years. Not just because she was the most hot-tempered girl he had ever gone out with, but because she had a talent for making even an hour last feel like a week especially in the bed. Or bathroom. Or living room. Or wherever the whim took her.

Ignoring her blazing expression, he turned to the mirror and returned to getting ready. It was the worst possible luck. He had planned her surprise for months and now it was spoilt just because his hidebound-traditionalist Japanese partners insisted he personally chaired the meeting rather than leave it to one of his more than adequate subordinates.

"Would you rather I lose a four billion dollar account than wait one day for me? Think of the shoes you can buy with that much money."

He regretted the cute comment before he even finished speaking, dodging a hurled pillow. He wondered idly how much of the stuff she would buy for that outburst before he could return. Dawn wasn't just fiery; she was a passionate shopaholic with a taste for the incredibly expensive. How she had survived without going millions in debt before she met him and his wallet, he would never know. 

"It's my birthday, you pig, how can you care about money on MY birthday!? What did I ever see in you anyhow?"

"My wallet, Dawn, my wallet. Now look, baby, I promise when I get home I'll give you the greatest birthday surprise you will ever have. I promise," it's not like I'm lying he thought to himself as he searched his shoe closet for just the right pair.

"You had better, if you want sex with me again in this lifetime," she replied waspishly.

She was sitting up now, eyes blazing. Her bountiful bosom was on display, both pale pink nipples sticking out like bullets as she exploded at her long-suffering boyfriend, shouting every curse she could think of at his unresponsive back. How could he treat her like this? How dare he?! 

Preoccupied with thoughts of the impending meeting, he wasn't thinking straight or he never would have made his next mistake. 

"Now baby I have to leave, enjoy yourself play with your toys, visit the vivarium's and see the snakes or go to town and buy whatever you want." 

With that last passing comment to his incensed and incredulous girlfriend, Eddie dashed out of the bedroom, a few seconds later his chauffeur driven limousine roared out of the driveway. 

***

Two hours later she emerged from the bedroom, dressed only in a silk dressing gown. Irritable and feeling ill-used, she headed for the kitchens only to find them empty. A hurriedly scribbled note on the table simply said 'Sorry baby, gave staff day off, didn't expect to be needing them, love you. Eddie'.

With a shriek like that of a banshee, she tore the note up with sharp, jerky movements and threw the shreds to the floor. 

"How dare you, now who's supposed to drive me to town?"

Dawn stomped out of the room and headed for bed again. Maybe a few hours playing with some of the toys he had bought her would ease the boredom on her most special day. 

Reaching the sweeping staircase, she paused. Eddie might be a sexist, chauvinistic pig but his endless wallet was certainly good for some things. If she couldn't have him, at least she could visit his enormous collection of snakes, starting with his most impressive specimen. Money allowed for near-endless sources of entertainment. 

Leaving the stairs, she headed for the lift to the basement where he kept his snakes. When the door opened, she was surprised to see a beautifully wrapped package on the floor in the corner.

"Oh Eddie, you must have planned this..."

Dawn pressed the button for the lowest level and started to open the box, fully expecting a grinning Eddie to be waiting at the bottom. But when the doors opened, she found only a dimly-lit wine cellar and no sign of him. The last of the wrapping fell from the box to reveal a glass-topped container; inside was a small bottle of perfume and a pair of brown furred slippers. Confused and a little annoyed, she opened the box and took out the unusual contents.

"Now what is he up to now?'

The slippers proved to be divinely soft. Mink perhaps? No, nothing so common; knowing Eddie it was probably from some animal believed to be extinct until the very specimen her dainty feet were even now slipping into was discovered. The scent bottle was even stranger. Despite spraying a fine mist over herself, she couldn't smell anything at all. Tucking the useless scent back in the box, she padded off across the cellar past the door to Eddy's main collection and pulled the concealed lever that opened Lillith's enclosure. 

The viewing room was a comfortable chamber with several large couches; one wall was solid armoured glass several inches thick that looked out onto a vast chamber beyond. A row of large high definition monitors sat by the glass window displaying areas not visible from the viewing room directly.

Ignoring the view Dawn went directly to the only other door in the room a heavy steel construction that wouldn't have looked out of place in a vault. Opening door, she was greeted by a warm and unpleasant blast of humid air with a strong stink of spoiling meat. The little airlock room was Spartan containing only a large walk in freezer where Eddie kept the food supplies for his most exotic pet and a metal table where they could defrost, indeed the source of the stench was sat ripening on the counter, a skinned sheep long defrosted by the looks of it.

"Why baby, the smell of this must have been driving you crazy. Why didn't naughty Eddie feed you," Dawn tutted to herself as she hosted the dead meat by the legs and tried to lift it off the counter.

"Damn that's heavy, oh no my dressing gown!" Dawn shrieked, mortified as the stinking mutton bounced on her well-muscled thighs, smearing not just a little blood onto her favourite silk number. Infuriated at the fashion disaster, she dropped the lamb and shrugged out of the stained robe, throwing it into the corner. At least the lack of flowing material did not restrict her movements as she dragged the carcass to the inner enclosure door. Naked as the day she was born, her cleavage bounced with her efforts. Her thin strip of carrot-coloured fuzz making a lie of her rich copper curls as she dragged the sheep's carcass into the big enclosure, not noticing the door slide soundlessly shut behind her.

"Lillith, here girl," Dawn yelled into the gloom. 

The hanger sized computer-controlled enclosure was obviously on 'dusk' mode; Lillith's favourite hunting time or so Eddie said. The shadows were apparently hiding the elusive creature. 

She was probably laying low asleep Dawn thought to herself, her knowledge of snakes, beyond what she had been exposed to, was sorely limited.

"Come out you lazy lump, dinner is served!"

Nothing moved in the big enclosure. There were a lot of shadows in there, but not many big enough to hide Lillith. That and in the gloom, she was well camouflaged. The chamber was huge; a piece of verdant forest hidden away deep beneath the earth in a soundproofed, computer controlled, state of the art, biosphere carved out of the solid granite bedrock. Filled with thick shrubs, trees and even a stream the place was a paradise for its single unique and reclusive inhabitant and only the long rows of lighting rigs high above spoiled the natural illusion.

"Lillith, come on where are you?" 

Dawn was annoyed now. Here she was, feeding the thing and she wouldn't even put in an appearance. Disheartened, she dropped the legs of the rather gruesome meal and noticed for the first time the closed door as she tried to leave the compound. 

LOCKED!

Hammering on the door, she realized Eddie had always typed in a code in the control box if he shut the door claiming that Lillith might escape otherwise. Jeez, she could even hear the smug self-satisfied voice of her lover explaining his greatest obsessions enclosure to her even in her increasingly frustrated and panicking state. Pressing buttons randomly had no effect. The door remained well and truly locked. Well, she would wait for him to come home then give him hell for this! After all, she was perfectly safe Lillith was harmless, incapable of actually killing anything. She had listened to Eddie drone on about the expense of including the safeguard in his baby's design.

'Wouldn't want her to get carried away and hurt anyone would we?' his smarmy voice echoed in her memory. If she had listened to his pedantic lectures harder she might have known the bloody code. 

She walked a little way into the compound and found one of the large sloping rocks Eddie had put in for his baby to bask on, laid down and tried to relax. Unnoticed by Dawn, she was being watched by something decidedly hungry. 

Lillith was starving, Eddie had left meat out for a week, changing it every two days and now she was ravenous. The smell was making her ache for food and as it had never been this long between feedings before, her gemlike green eyes stared unblinkingly at the Dawn. Now the two-legged female was quiet, and had mercifully stopped calling but was resting in her own favourite spot. Lillith smelling the meat enticingly near began to salivate. If she was going to be teased with meat for seven dark times, then why should she come to the Dawns call? 

Quickly grabbing the meat, she didn't even play with it just pushing it straight into her cavernous maw head first, devouring the carcass in three distinct swallows before feeling it slide to rest deep within her stomach. She would usually sleep after feeding on something so large, but now something attracted her. Something masked by the meat smell before but now blatantly obvious. Tempting yet subtle, it called to Lillith in ways that she didn't understand, speaking to an instinct of mating and feeding and thoughts buried deep in her subconscious.

The pale skinned Dawn creature smelled good, in fact the Dawn smelled unlike anything Lillith had ever scented before that somehow reacted with something ancient and long suppressed in part of her primeval brain. 

Dawn was bored already. Not even an hour had passed, and she was growing restless and petulant. She was really going to let Eddie have it for this mess. Angry and annoyed, she didn't realize that she had been touching herself until she brushed her clitoris. Fire erupted up her spine, lancing along the nerves as if she had been struck by lightning.

"Bloody hell," Dawn swore. 

Her croak came out involuntarily in amazement, and no small amount of surprise. Her pussy was sensitive in all ways expected, but never that sensitive. She rubbed her clit experimentally, if a little warily given the first reaction, and again she practically exploded with sensation. It must have been that perfume stuff -- the thought crossing her mind vaguely given the circumstances - as she lay there panting. Never in her life had just touching herself brought her to such ecstatic highs so quickly. 

Lillith watched Dawn shake and cry out. As she drew closer, she recognised that she was sated at least in one sense, yet something primeval said she was starved like never before as she watched the human spread her legs and began to franticly rub at her slit with her left hand, her right caressing her now super-sensitized nipples that stood out like bullets from her breasts. Unnoticed, the snake was almost directly in front of the squealing human now barely a yard away with her widely spread legs. Her 'hunger' was immense and her primitive mind filled her head with memories and images not her own... an unfamiliar way of hunting along with the newly-remembered taste of fear and the sound of squeals in ecstasy and terror. But no, she would not give in... The Dawn had fed her, the Dawn was good and therefore she liked the Dawn in the only way that a wild animal could towards one outside of their species, but the Dawn was NOT food. 

Meanwhile Dawn's wildly gyrating fingers were brewing an orgasm to beat all of the rest that had ever come before. She could hardly think, she could hardly breathe as she hovered little more than a single frozen second of ecstasy from the brink of oblivion. Lillith began to force herself away, the movement smooth and sinuous as the snake's thickly-muscled form coiled up. She would NOT, she must NOT! Her snout was just beginning to turn when Dawn's left foot came crashing down one of her wild paroxysms of pleasure and hit Lillith square upon the nose. Her Furred Foot! The serpent's mind went blank. Memories of something else intruded; the feel of fur against scales... fur against the back of her mouth... fur sliding down her gullet... fur tickling in her stomach. Worse yet, the furry footwear exuded the scent stronger than any other part of Dawn. A scent that was even now burning in Lillith's nostrils. The kick from the slipper clad foot had slapped a superfine layer of pheromones onto her blunt snout.

Dawn was peaking, in a way that felt like she had never done before, floated on cloud nine virtually senseless as the waves of passion hit her again and again, rippling out from no single point in pulses in time to her heightened heartrate. Faintly she felt herself moving. It seemed as if she was being covered by piles of Eddie's money, the cold hard cash warming against her skin.

Coming down from her euphoric orgasm, she suddenly found the sensation against her skin tightening, and her eyes flew wide. Then her mind, even in the haze of the receding pleasure, recognised what was going on, and she screamed.

"LILLITH NOOO!!"

Dawn was wrapped tightly in the coils of an enormous serpent. Her scales were a metallic silvery black, her head right in front of her own, emerald eyes meeting emerald eyes. One with soft and round with blue-grey tints and the others with slit pupils and flashing with golden facets. One prey, one predator.

"Please baby, let me go," Dawn pleaded, half her mind trying to rationalize Eddie's long talk about her harmlessness while the other wanted nothing more than to scream in terror. 'She's bio-engineered, enormous size and high intelligence, but she lacks strength to her side muscles. She has no crush pressure. Her belly is very strong to allow her to move swiftly but she can't suffocate anyone, she's harmless, honest.' Eddie's words sounded hollow in her mind, but even as she panicked she noticed the serpent wasn't increasing her grip. It was uncomfortable and she had some difficulty getting air but not enough to cause her real harm.

"You scared me then Hun. Did you just want to give me a hug?" She asked nervously.

The muscles flexed as Lillith moved position. Dawn choked as she threatened to orgasm again, the flowing muscles massaging her from her neck to her muscled calves. She did not have time to even consider how strange, how alien, the words that followed forth from her mouth sounded...

"Baby, yeah do that again..."

Forgetting her worry at the snakes immobilizing grip, Dawn became more concerned in getting the most friction between the scales and her dripping pussy. Her rising passion filled delirium made her ignore the voice of caution in the back of her head that was screaming at her to fight free of the gigantic predator as she moaned in increasing pleasure.

"Oooooh yes, baby make mommy cum." 

Lillith was recovering her senses from the pheromone-laced boot that had been promptly shoved against her snout earlier. The young redhead was wrapped as tightly as Lillith could get her coils to compress but far from the feeling of bones popping and the moist creaking of her ribcage, the Dawn was moaning in pleasure again. It was a lie, a falsehood. The images were not real and her superior brain fought her triggered ancient, instinctual memories and was winning. The scent was diminishing but when she flexed her muscles one last time before releasing her 'friend', the scent returned with passion. The Dawn was making the scent as she became excited. It was not the response that was supposed to have been happening. She was accustomed to fear, to terror, to struggling. She finds pleasure in my attempt to kill her? Lillith flexed her muscles, and yet again her mind reeled under the blast of pheromones and the thick scent of the human female's opening. 

"Yeeeesss..." Dawn moaned in ecstasy as Lillith contracted her muscles again, her scales rubbing against the supersensitive skin. Every touch... even the slightest brush of scales anywhere on her body brought mind-blowing sensations. 

The Dawn enjoys consumption? The gigantic reptile mused, her mind reeled with strange thoughts as she began to rhythmically flex her muscles, increasingly enjoying the sensation of warm flesh against her scales. The strange pheromone seeping under her own armoured skin and doing its work quickly sensitizing Lillith's own body to the orgasmic movements of her strange prey. Moaning madly in uncontrollable passion, Dawn was unable to think, unable to do anything but quake and surrender entirely. Her shaking movements against her 'partner's scales only further increasing her sensual overload bringing yet another earth shattering orgasm ever closer until suddenly the pressure dropped.

"No, no don't stop baby, please don't stop," she cried out desperately, writhing against the snakes gigantic coils. 

Lillith's brain wasn't working with her usual efficiency but she took Dawn's cries as a final affirmation. She was well on the way to her own orgasm; something that her instinct-driven brain flatly refused was possible. Right now, she didn't give a damn what her hindbrain thought was going on, she was enjoying it and the Dawn had asked her... begged her to continue, she had no intention of giving her a second chance to make sure. Deciding which end was to be consumed first was difficult. The hindbrain said to start with the head and surely the furry feet would be a great experience to save, but she enjoyed the sounds her Dawn was making. Sounds that would stop if her head went first and besides, the hindbrain was giving up when it came to the new 'emotions' and wasn't really offering much in the way of helpful advice right now. Manoeuvring the seven foot of neck not wrapped around Dawn to position herself below her orgasmic friend's toes was easy. In fact, the movement increased the redhead's frantic movements and her screams of pleasure increased to match. 
