 Eve Smith was the sort of quiet, intelligent young woman that is usually ignored by the rest of society. At twenty-nine years old, Eve's tall thin good looking form would make her the object of many men's fantasies, but her natural shyness led her to wear loose fitting clothes and her glasses did their best to hide her face. Added to this, Eve had been a lesbian her entire life and found most of the men around her trying at best. She found it a sad fact that men mostly sought women for their looks, not their intelligence and almost comical that as a woman blessed with both she found them depressingly predictable in their advances.

 For the past three years, she had risen steadily through the ranks at GenTec, a small medical research company that had just changed hands after their former parent company went under. For the past six months, she had been the senior scientist of one of the larger labs under the direction of her oppressive administrator, Adam Hart one of those bigoted men that hated her for refusing his advances and feared her for her intellect.

 "Evelyn may I have a word." Her supervisor’s voice interrupted her train of thought and she looked up from her microscope trying to hide her irritation.

  A stick thin balding man in his fifties, Adam had a perpetually hunched posture made him look like some bizarre form of vulture that was enhanced by his ill-fitting lab coat. At this precise moment, he was stood by the entrance to her lab a sly smile plastered across his normally dour face.

 "Yes sir what can I do for you" she replied, attempting to keep her distaste for him out of her tone.

 "As you know my dear, our change of ownership has caused something of a shake-up in all the departments” he shrugged his shoulders as if to say such problems were to be expected before continuing in his usual dull monotone, “people are being reassigned, promoted and even let go it’s unfortunate but this disruption is one of the problems we have to work through."

 Hart's oily condescending smile just seemed to ooze self-satisfied triumph, his dislike of Evelyn's rapid rise and disruption of his routine was well known and his gloating attitude wasn’t reassuring.

 "Am I being reassigned sir?" she asked carefully.

"Now, now my dear, don’t be so fast to jump the gun. You have simply been requested to meet our new owner,” Adam oozed, “I'm sure he will simply want to talk to you on some other matter."

‘Some other matter’ Eve thought was highly unlikely, the new owner mister Black had only been in possession of the company for two weeks and so far everyone called to see him had been fired or 'reassigned'. If he wanted to see her it was no wonder her resentful boss would be so happy about it.

 "When does he want to see me?" she asked.

"Immediately my dear” he replied, “it seems, Black likes to get things sorted straight away don’t worry about your experiment I'll have Collins keep an eye on it."

 Collins was an ass kissing no talent toady who would love nothing more than to step into her shoes, resisting the urge to give in to temptation and tell her boss exactly what she thought of him she held on to her composure and smiled back politely.

 "Very well sir, I assume he is in the administration block?" she asked keeping her tone carefully pleasant.

"You are to report to the company directors office, that’s all I was told my dear,” Adam replied looking positively gleeful, “well come on, no sense dawdling. Black is a busy man, I would hate to take up his valuable time waiting for you."

 Getting to her feet, Eve left her cubicle and headed down the hall, Collins sat smirking at the next workstation having obviously listened in on their conversation.

 "Don’t worry Darren, no need to get up my work can wait till I get back,” she snapped in passing but Collins just sat there smirking like some obese frog as she walked past and out of the door.

 Once out of the lab, Eve removed her white coat and hat freeing her long golden blonde ponytail and smoothed the lines of her plain black skirt and matching blouse. Hart would probably dislike her if she were a plain woman for the simple reason her rise through the company ladder made her a threat. The fact that she was a tall, imposing natural blond with the good looks to catch any man's eye and the bust to keep them looking didn’t help matters. It was her total disinterest in men in general, and him in particular however that probably turned mere dislike into that quite uniquely British quiet hatred.

 Eve found his oily attempts at seduction ridiculous and his oh so polite attempts to damage her career when they failed pathetic, having no interest in men all her life she had long become used to the rather infantile behaviour when they found she wasn’t interested. The men in the company openly called her the Nitrogen Queen, most of the women disliked her for fear her looks were a threat to them.

 Collecting her thoughts she made her way out of the department building, across the central courtyard and into the administrative complex. Stopping only to ask directions of the brainless bimbo operating the reception desk, she made her way through the sprawling building. Taking a second to tidy herself and smooth her hair she gathered herself for the inevitable, putting on a mask of detached superiority knocked once loudly on the imposing oak door.

 Opening the door, Eve expected to see her new employer and whatever committee of toadies was required to dismiss her, what she found instead was a room stripped to its oak panelled walls. Gone was the heavy oak Directors desk replaced with a glass and black metal minimalist construction that carried no more than a tiny mobile phone. The previous director's heavy office chair had vanished in its place the back of a huge black leather recliner dominated the emptied room.

 "Miss Smith, I presume, its pleasure to meet you." The chair revolved on some hidden mechanical swivel revealing its inhabitant enthroned like some James Bond super-villain… well perhaps if reality had better quality to work with.

 Her new employer looked forty trying desperately to appear thirty, his face was vain and arrogant under a mop of unruly dirty brown hair and his wiry body was giving way to fat under his expensive ill-fitting black suit. All in all, he gave the impression of a homely man drowned in the false elegance of wealth.

 "I've been wanting to meet you for some time my dear, Evelyn, isn't it? I'm Edward Black but do call me Eddie, everyone does." His voice was lazy, deep but lacking in strength, the voice of someone used to getting what they wanted.

 "It’s Eve sir, may I ask why I was called here today?" Eve's voice was clipped and strong but she felt her determination faltering in the face of the unexpected.

 "Direct and to the point how refreshing,” he replied with a grin, “Hart tells me you are unreliable, unethical and sloppy, his performance reviews indicate you are the least productive member of your department, what do you say to that?”

“I would say that he’s a misogynistic old bastard, who wouldn’t know real talent if it bit him on the arse!” Eve snapped back losing her temper, apparently, Adam had been far more effective at damaging her career than she had thought.

“I’d say that sums him up excellently Miss Smith,” Eddie replied smiling broadly, “Which is why I’d like to offer to take you out of this back-end research position and put you to work somewhere where your talent won’t be stifled.”

“you're not firing me?” Eve stammered in confusion.

“No I’m promoting you,” he replied, “You are at the cutting edge of your field, you haven't even begun to explore the limits of your ability yet. I first became aware of you when I asked a private investigator I retain to seek out the best men and woman in the fields I require for my vision. You are, a natural at your work. You see the things less proficient people miss, your thesis on RNA viruses is, I'm told, visionary and you are not averse to stepping outside the confines of the law to get things done.”

“Oh don’t get me wrong," Eddy was quick to add as Eve bristled, "I know that working within the inflexible laws of our government’s genetics policy is often a very fine line. I do however employ people who are good at untangling those laws and in some cases making them go away. You have on three occasions stepped on the wrong side of that line, not by enough to be noticed by the authorities but enough to prove you can work outside the box so to speak."

 "What exactly is it you want me to do?" Eve was under no illusions if she didn’t do exactly as he said her indiscretions with the delicate and complex laws on genetics research would almost certainly end up at the attention of the proper authorities. Her estimation of Eddy Black went up a notch, he might be all fine words and promises but he had quietly and subtly trapped her.

 "I have an island in the tropics, its small, remote and the owning nation’s laws on genetics are virtually non-existent,” he explained. “Under it, I have the built most advanced laboratory in the world, I would like you to head research into my project. I will pay you an obscenely large salary and see to it you are set for life when you are done, in return, you will sever all ties here, and sign a confidentiality agreement. You will not contact anyone while working on the project without my direct permission and when the work is complete you will deny any knowledge of the project or anything about the island, myself and anything you do for me there.”

 “I don’t think you are really leaving me much choice, Eddie,” Eve replied resignedly.

“Oh don’t take it so hard Evelyn dear,” he replied smiling triumphantly, “Think of it as an opportunity to truly see what you can do, unfettered by the idiot morality of people like Adam Hart.”

Eddie picked up the mobile and hit a single button, immediately the blonde secretary from the lobby hurried into the room carrying an expensive looking black leather slimline case which she deposited on the desk before hurriedly leaving the room without once glancing at either Eddie or Eve.

“The case is for you,” Eddie said gesturing for her to take it, “inside you will find a laptop containing all the information and project notes we have so far, along with a selection of reading material you may find enlightening. Take the rest of the week off to put your affairs in order, a car will arrive at your apartment 8am Friday to take you to the airport, oh and Eve welcome to project Lillith.”

Eve sat in the comfortable seat of Eddie's private soundproof helicopter rereading the contents of the sleek silver laptop. In the past week, her entire world had been turned upside down by the contents of the innocuous looking computer.

 Eddie Black was a snake fanatic interested in the extremes of sexual deviancy. He coupled his love of reptiles with beautiful women in a fetish called Vore. The laptop contained three main sections, the first an in-depth design brief for a bio-engineered snake, of huge size and intelligence. Eddie wanted to create the world’s most expensive pet, a huge intelligent beast that was safe to interact with but would be capable of consuming human sized prey albeit probably bound and helpless. The brief was a mere sketch, an outline for a creature Eddie expected her to fill out the blanks. In order to understand the things he demanded, the computer contained another section. This area contained a vast library of Vore stories and pictures ranging from classical myth of snake women and giant serpents to stories written by contemporary writers. Lastly, the laptop contained a huge library of genetics research, much of it obviously stolen from the many other secretive companies around the planet that specialized in the fine line between legal and forbidden research.

 She had been whisked away from her home by a sleek black BMW and taken to a nearby private airport, two planes and one particularly rough helicopter ride later, she was about to land on Eddy's secret hideaway.

 Looking out the window as the helicopter descended towards the island, Eve saw a massive building of white stone and black mirrored glass. The expected tennis courts and swimming pools were there but covered by huge geo domes that rose from the back of the building like a cluster of glass mushrooms. The helicopter settled onto a helipad in front of the imposing building and a dark skinned native looking man in an impeccable black suit hurried out to open the door. All Eve gathered from her first hurried moments on the island was intense heat and humidity before the helicopter lifted off again and she was hurriedly ushered into the air-conditioned coolness.

 "Welcome Miss Smith, my name is Anjou I am master Blacks butler.” The dark skinned man introduced himself politely, his accent was an odd mix of cultured British with a hint of a more lyrical tone. “he returned the island to our people under the strict condition we obey his wishes,” he continued,” I am to inform you our people have worshipped snakes longer than your Christianity has existed."

 "Thank you, Anjou?" Eve stumbled over the name "I believe mister Black is expecting me."

 "Indeed miss if you will follow me," Anjou replied  leading Eve deeper into the massive mansion. The place seemed the perfect setting for a man of Eddy's ego, thick white carpet and black walls adorned by the occasional tasteful painting or sculpture on a simple pedestal. Eve idly noticed that the theme of most of the pieces was snakes and various bizarre god representations.

 They found Eddie lounging beside a pool in one of the domes, on another leather recliner this one covered in furs with a large python coiling around his midsection.

 "Ah my dear how wonderful to see you, I must admit I didn’t require much reason to abandon my usual work schedule and return to my holiday retreat to oversee your first few days work. I trust you read the contents of the laptop or I fear you might be in for a shock."

 "I read your files, Eddie, I must say I didn’t believe there was anything this extreme in the fantasies of the ultra rich." Eve's tone was calm but inwardly she was seething with resentment at having her free will taken away from her.

 "Ouch, my dear you wound me, trust me my… fetish is rather more common than an exclusive preserve of the super rich and while I admit many people would find exploring this particular area of our primal nature distasteful there is a part of all of us that understands it. I would, however, keep your views to yourself in future."

 Eddie all but spat like a scalded cat his calm outer façade momentarily broken, he regained his composure almost immediately but the python writhed irritably as if sensing his hidden mood.

"I'm sure you are eager to put all that passion to good use,” he continued, “Anjou will show you to your quarters I trust you will do your best for me my dear, goodnight."

And so began months of work, as time went on Eve reigned in her anger at her employer's manipulation to the point where she could even turn down his infrequent advances with some degree of tact. 

 The Labs were vast, equipped with state of the art and often illegal equipment all cutting edge and purchased at immense cost. To go with all this hardware, Eddie had headhunted the most brilliant, the most ambitious and in some cases the most unprincipled people he could find from around the world. Between them, they spoke a dozen languages, indeed some of them couldn’t converse with each other at all in a common tongue. They ranged from a main core of geneticists to biologists and even five native snake handler's who cared for the thousands of guinea pig reptiles Eddie had put at their disposal. The men and women in their underground realm were a mixed bunch in ethics as well as nationality some were just as trapped into the project by their employer as she was, others were uncaring of its illegal, unethical and definitely immoral ramifications. There were even a few Vore fans although no one as obsessed as their employer who was only too pleased to show these fascinated fans his vast collection of stories and pictures on the subject.

 It was there, in this strange atmosphere that Eve fell hopelessly in love with a young biochemist. Lisa was everything Eve was not, short, plump and ebony skinned, her dark features were delicate and her short hair braided into spiky knots. To the rest of their peers the two of them were just good friends, only in private did Lisa show her love for her. Their relationship started out as friendly camaraderie as both of them had graduated from the same university they spent many nights talking about old tutors and people they both knew. When Lisa broke her silence and admitted she was a lesbian and that she was in love with Eve their friendship deepened and love blossomed.

 Six months of painstaking progress had followed Eve's team making meteoric bounds without having to worry about crossing the boundaries of the illegal they usually had to tiptoe around. Her original idea of simply genetically altering an anaconda with the required extras soon proved hopelessly flawed. The size was easy to manipulate, making it harmless was solved by removing the snakes crushing grip by genetically weakening the muscles dedicated to crushing their prey, leaving those responsible for movement intact. However, the reptilian brain remained a primitive and unresponsive beast refusing to accept any intelligence enhancement.

 Eve looked up from another of the endless screens of projected data and rubbed her tired eyes.

 "Making yourself exhausted isn't going to do anyone any good baby." Lisa's arms draped themselves over her shoulders the familiar pressure of her breasts against the back of Eve's head felt wonderfully soothing.

 "I thought you went to bed with everyone else hours ago," Eve murmured sleepily.

"I did,” her lover replied, “I got fed up of waiting for you to come visit so I thought I’d come drag you away from this."

 "How did your test of the new natural system go," Eve asked enjoying the stolen moment of closeness.

 Lisa was one of the most talented biochemists in her department, she headed up a team working on the idea that by manipulating the biochemistry of the mother snake they could spawn an offspring with the desired qualities. This 'natural way' idea had great success in altering the normal snake's reproductive system but the intelligence of the offspring was still ordinary. Eve was currently heading a team working on recombining snake DNA to make it grow into the desired form but they were meeting with the same problem. There were several other research teams heading up other areas including a promising pheromone stimulant that might well fix the problem of making a tame animal consume an unwilling victim.

 "Another dud, of course,” Lisa laughed, “of course for a snake, he was a regular Einstein but by our standards, he would make a village idiot feel smart."

 She started kissing the back of Eve's neck, gently caressing her body with her fingers.

 "Mmmmm stop it” Eve moaned softly, “I'll never be able to finish if you get me horny, I only have a little more to read through then I'm done promise."

 "I think you're done now baby,” Lisa replied firmly, “if you don’t stop working so hard you will turn into a snake yourself."

 She spun Eve's chair around hitting the lever that lowered it as far as it would go, in a second her legs were wrapped firmly around Eve’s waist and crossed behind the chair as she straddled her lover. Lisa's lab coat rode up revealing a naked pair of thighs as she began unbuttoning it from the top.

 "I think, it’s time you stopped paying so much attention to that screen and pay more attention to your lover," she said smiling.

"Only wearing your lab coat again? One day you will get us caught love." Eve murmured pushing forward to kiss her partner her own fingers nimbly massaging Lisa’s back and ass as her lover undid the last buttons and let the coat fall from her shoulders.
