 Sleepy awareness dawns, the darkness slowly gives way to a dim red radiance that illuminates nothing. Floating suspended in fluid warmth, a thought drifted idly across the newly awakened mind. 

"Who am I?"

Memories flicker just out of reach, fractured images and half-formed sounds dance at the edge of hearing.

"Where am I?"

Unseen hands grope in the gloom tracing across soft shapes the thick syrup matching body heat so well that everything seems to blur into one mass.

Time passes...

She is more aware now, more awake. Her memories more coherent she is conscious that time has passed now and that she has been drifting in and out for some time.

"Who am I?"

Images form, a young woman with long dark curls and deep brown eyes a name drifts tantalisingly out of reach. The memory splinters and something else forms, a giant black shadow blocks out the light and emerald eyes blaze from the darkness, the dreamer tastes fear as awareness fades.

The sleeper wakes.

"Laurie..." 

The name unlocks a flood of memories the jumbled thoughts blurring and overlapping. 

"My name is Laurie."

As if remembering her name unlocked some new level of awareness she became aware of a burning in her chest. Her lungs filled with the thick fluid still sustained her but now she felt out of breath as if she had been running hard.

Shifting in the darkness was harder now there seemed less space than there had been before the soft shapes now fully formed. Now the darkness once comforting has become confining each breath coming harder than the last.

Stretching with a purpose for the first time Laurie pushed against the hard expanse of her confining prison and scratched long grooves in the yielding material with her fingernails until it split with a soft wet sound like tearing leather.

Closing her eyes tightly against the sudden glare Laurie pushed her hands into the gap feeling cool air drying the slimy coating on her fingers. Taking a firm hold she forces the gap wider feeling the resilient matter stretch and then tear as she fell forward into the light. 

Expelling a great gout of fluid she takes her first gasping breath of real air, coughing and gasping Laurie expelled the last liquid from her lungs, her eyes still tightly closed against the blinding light and exhausted she drifted slowly back into the welcoming embrace of dreams.

It wasn't a fragment of memory that woke her but rather a growing awareness of the world around her. The ground was warm and dry under her yet hard when she lay still and a gentle breeze seemed to caress her body. 

From outside, for her ears assured her she was still within some enclosed space came the sound of water running and the soft movement of leaves. And the smells that assaulted her nose seemed infinite in foreign complexity filling her mouth with strange tastes. Laurie lay in silence quite awake but unwilling for the moment to open her eyes. Her memories were still broken and fragmented and she could recall no reason why but in those first few moments of wakefulness she feared to see the world around her.

A sudden hissing sound snapped her eyes open and blinking against the sudden brightness she came face to face with a snake which quickly slithered away from her in surprise across the sandy floor. 

Laurie watched transfixed as the snake slithered away every scale glimmered with bronze and gold and the slightest deepening of the faint reddish tint that seemed to overlay everything in her vision. Every colour blazing in impossible richness the fine white sand she was half buried in a riot of rainbow colour as countless grains of sand reflected the light from the low tunnel into the cave. Moving her hand to steady herself Laurie caught sight of her own skin and gasped.

Once tanned and dark her skin was an impossible white and imbued with some inner radiance that made her glow from within that just outlined the faint darkness of the bones within. 

Running her hands across her body she began to examine herself feeling the silky softness of her white skin, tracing her hand down her porcelain body across her chest her large nipples the faintest shade of darker pink even her long hair hung ghost white in the darkness. Shifting in the sand Laurie gasped in shock, below her waist, her long tanned legs were gone replaced by glowing white coils like a gigantic snake.

A memory hammered against her subconscious demanding attention fragments of a dream about a great black snake...

She had been working in the mansion clearing it up, the other staff had gone missing one by one until only her and the enigmatic Anjou remained. Then her nightmares became real her employer's ex-girlfriends transformed into gigantic half snake creatures, the sting of teeth at her throat and the giant black snake looking down on her...

Laurie's piercing scream of denial hurt her ears as it shredded the air at a pitch no human ear could ever have heard, in pain, she clutched her hands over her ears and screamed until she was hoarse, her long scaled body writhing in maddened denial throwing great waves of sand into the air.

Laurie only quietened when the light coming from the rough cave mouth was blocked by something moving outside.

"Laurrrrrrie" a mocking voice called softly the faintest hint of an Italian accent opened the floodgates on a fresh wave of memory. 

...Angelique being slowly swallowed by the flame-haired Dawn as Maria held the poor moaning girl upright, the giant snake opening its mouth and taking her in...

"Go away! Leave me alone what have you done to me!" she shouted back suddenly terrified that the snake woman might come inside.

"Don't you like it?" the teasing voice replied.

"I'm a freak!" Laurie sobbed wrapping herself in her pale coils without noticing in her grief. 

"You get used to it in time, we did and there are some compensation's," the voice sounded sympathetic and for a moment her terror warred with the desperate desire to seek comfort but then she remembered again the image of her friend being consumed. 

"Oh god, you killed Angelique, stay away from me you monster."

"No, I ate that prudish old cook it was Dawn who ate your friend although if it's any comfort she certainly didn't suffer" Maria replied in an amused tone "She really rather enjoyed it actually."

"How can you say that," Laurie asked, "they were human beings not-" 

"And we are not" Maria interrupted suddenly "We are something new, something wonderful and different and powerful and unfortunately for your friend we are also something with a hunger that can never be satisfied."

The light dimmed further and the shadow of a feminine torso was cast on the sandy floor as Maria slid into the sloping tunnel.

"No please stay out, stay away" Laurie was pleading now rather than screaming but Maria took no notice as the shadow loomed closer until its owner slid into view.

Maria still had the dark Mediterranean skin and black curly hair of her Italian heritage but to Laurie's new eyes she glowed as if illuminated from within, her eyes were shining emeralds and the olive skin of her slender waist gave way to the mottled scales of a giant snake shining green flecked with golden highlights.

Maria's expression went from condescending superiority to genuine concern as she looked at Laurie who was trying without success to cover as much of herself as possible with her hands.

"I think you hatched a little early little sister, you look a trifle underdone perhaps our mother had you too soon after her last meal."

"What do you mean?" Laurie replied with a frightened squeak.

"You're an albino" Maria replied in a shocked tone "the only colour to you is your eyes and they are red as blood, although it does kind of suit you in a strange way."

Laurie stared back at her for a few moments in shock before the reality of her situation returned to her again.

"What, what do you want from me?" she asked fearfully only to see the raven haired snake woman burst into unexpected laughter.

"Nothing that you don't want to freely give" she replied with a smile "right now you're in shock but soon enough you will come to terms with things and realise you can't fight what you are then we shall see if we can be friends."

"Never" Laurie replied flatly "you killed my friend you monster, I will never be like you."

"We shall see," the other girl replied in a slightly hurt tone. "There's no cure for this, no way to return to what you were, there is nothing left of her but memories. Just wait till you get hungry then we will see how long your precious morality lasts, I was going to help you get used to things because no one was there to help us but if you are going to be like that you can figure it out the hard way."

Maria turned and slithered out of the cave with surprising speed and once she was gone Laurie could hear the faint sounds of sobbing that quickly faded away. 

Laurie lay in the sand thinking for some time, she came to her senses only when she realised she has unconsciously coiled the massive bulk of her long body around herself. The shock sent a great cloud of blinding sand into the air her coils thrashed throwing her into the wall.

For a few moments, Laurie thrashed in panic before realising she had been fighting herself, lying still a moment she let out a short laugh at her own foolishness. 

"Well I'll never learn anything lying here." the sound of her own voice seemed to calm her down a little of her old self-possession returned. 

Moving she found was only difficult when she thought about it, she could glide around the small warm cavern with ease until she realised what she was doing and almost fell over her own coils. Her scaled body was surprisingly sensitive giving just as much feeling as her more normal looking upper body. Each movement brought a new wave of sensation as she felt herself move over rock and shifting sand. Every movement seemed almost effortless, considering her size she hardly expected to be able to move at all but she could shift her immense length with more ease than she had ever possessed in her original form.

Lowering herself she slid into the tunnel, faint memories of sliding helplessly into the sandy chute tugged at the corners of her mind but now her scaled body could grip both sides of the tunnel at once making it surprisingly easy to slide out.

Outside the cave was a lush forested garden although in truth it was an image that only lasted until you looked up to see the rough-hewn ceiling of bedrock strung with lights that gave the illusion of natural daylight.

Laurie had come down here looking for a place of safety when she had been attacked, her employer Eddie Black a billionaire playboy had this place hidden away under his country mansion in what had once been an old fallout shelter. Thinking of her slimy employer made her wonder where he was now, he had vanished leaving the mansion in a wreck and the staff had still been putting things back together when one by one people had started going missing. First her boss the cook and then Angelique her best friend had disappeared until only herself and Anjou had been left in the house alone and haunted by Eddie's secret creations.

Presumably, Eddie was now snake food along with Anjou and the others although Laurie briefly imagined finding him hiding somewhere and beating the vindictive bastard half to death until he promised to miraculously turn her back into her old self.

A flash of light and colour sped past breaking her reverie and she reacted without thinking reaching out to snatch the speeding object out of the air in a blur of motion. Opening her hand revealed a slightly stunned songbird its brilliant plumage somewhat dishevelled by being so roughly grabbed. After a few moments, the bird shook itself off and took to the air again leaving Laurie looking after it with a mixture of surprise and wonder.

"Okay this is going to take a little getting used to," Laurie said quietly to herself feeling a hysterical urge to laugh and forcing herself to calm and explore her surroundings. Almost immediately she noticed that parts of the forest were in ruins whole trees pulled out by the roots and holes where massive rocks had been ripped from the earth and tossed around like toys, on a whim she reached for a fallen branch the width of her arm and marvelled as she snapped it like a twig.

'So super fast and super strong sign me up for a cape I'm a bloody superhero,' she laughed to herself feeling the hysteria rising again, 'what's next X-ray vision?'

As if on cue her stomach rumbled alarmingly and she was suddenly aware that she was hungry.

I guess I"d better go find the kitchen then she thought to herself massaging her rumbling stomach, there's got to be something to eat around here. Laurie made her way to the main entrance but found it blocked by several huge boulders that had been stacked against the door. Exploring the rest of the huge cavern she quickly discovered that a nearby wall had literally been smashed open revealing a low dimly lit passageway which she followed. After a few flights of stairs and several side passages, she came across a door with a monitor showing a view of a dark cluttered storeroom. Opening the door she slithered out into the room noticing at once that the ceiling was just as low as the passageway.

It's not the place that's got smaller I've just got bigger she realised estimating from the height of the doorframe that her head was now about seven foot off the ground. 

Recognising where she was she set off for the kitchen gliding silently on the thick carpet and enjoying the feeling on her scales marvelling at the scents and smells that bombarded her senses as she drifted through the house like a ghost.

The secret garden might have been in perennial daylight but upstairs darkness reigned and the house was silent as the grave, passing through the house she noticed that the damage had all been cleaned away and the building repaired.

The kitchen was a huge affair capable of feeding a small army of spoiled guests with enough staff, when Eddie and his butler Anjou wasn't around it had just been the three of them looking after the place but Eddie kept literally dozens of extra staff on retainer in the nearby town ready to descend the moment he returned home.

Opening a cupboard she helped herself to a bag of potato chips as she looked for something more substantial and was completely unprepared for the foul taste.

"Ugh yuck" she spat out the chips in disgust and checked the use by date, the chips tasted revolting and synthetic like trying to swallow a mouthful of chemicals.

She started going through the kitchen cupboards and fridges trying a little of everything growing increasingly desperate but again and again the food tasted awful as if tainted with chemicals, the fruit and vegetables tasted as she remembered although they too had a much lesser chemical aftertaste but they didn't satisfy her growling belly and after eating just a few she felt sick and promptly regurgitated the lot into the sink.

With a sinking feeling, she realised that the only things she had tried that didn't turn her stomach was a little meat and some cheese and even that had tasted funny. Okay, so I guess I won't be turning vegetarian then, she thought to herself and opened the door to the walk-in freezer to get something more substantial out to cook.

The freezer was a plain steel-walled room filled with frozen food and hanging meat Laurie had been inside a thousand times but now it looked transformed. Everything was shaded in a strange bluish grey tint and the very air seemed like a solid wall of darkness which she could still somehow see through to the otherwise normal freezer.

"O my god I have heat vision" Laurie exclaimed realising with a little shock that she was seeing the bitter cold much the same as she had seen the heat of her own body earlier only now she recognised what she was seeing like an extra dimension of vision overlapping her normal sense.

Dragging out a small roast and marvelling at the way the cold interacted with the heat of her fingers she slammed the door and started preparing her meal. 

A half hour later the smell of roasting meat was just starting to flavour the air when she heard the sound of footsteps coming down the nearby stairs from the staff quarters. In a panic, she bashed the counters and sent a load of pans clattering to the floor with her tail as she attempted to hide in one of the storage rooms catching the tip of her own tail in the door and biting down on her lip to keep from screaming.

The light in the kitchen flicked on and Laurie just had time to jerk the last of her tail inside before a short young girl with spiky blond hair came into the room wearing a nightdress and obviously trying to wake herself up by rubbing her eyes.

The girl did a double take at the sight of the messy kitchen taking in the discarded packets of food and the emptied cupboards and looking around in obvious confusion.

"Sarah are you there?" the girl called out in a worried voice "Sarah if this is another late night snack of yours I'm seriously going to kill you."

Watching the girl start to tidy up the mess Laurie watched her entranced, the girl practically glowed with colour much more vibrant than her own and when she blinked she realised that she could still see a spectral image of the girl illuminated in vibrant reds and yellows only now the dress was only clearly visible where it touched the skin and otherwise it was almost invisible shadings of green against the much clearer outline of her slightly chubby nude body.

But most startling was the girl's scent a slightly musky spice almost hidden under layers of deodorant and perfume that almost made her giddy, with a start she realised that she was salivating and her stomach was rumbling.

"Oh no that's not going to happen she whispered fiercely to her growling gut "you can have pork and like it" in horror she realised that her canines had slid down to form fangs while she watched the girl clean.

"Sarah? The girl had stopped cleaning and stood in the half cleaned kitchen listening intently "This isn't damn funny you know I'm fed up of cleaning up your mess quit hiding and get your arse in here and help or I'm telling Mei Lin" with a muttered curse she threw the empty packet she was holding across the room, stormed over to the door Laurie was hiding behind and threw it open...

There was a moment of mutual terror before the nameless girl screamed and ran for it leaving Laurie cowering in the doorway eyes firmly shut and hands pressed firmly to her ears against the pain of the girls scream. Distantly she heard her thunder up the stairs and pound along the floorboards.

Laurie was still standing there wondering what to do next when the kitchen door to the garden opened and a laughing red headed snake woman pushed her way into the room.

"Well as first hunts go that was... that was just hilarious" she giggled hysterically "now are you done raiding the kitchen or do you want to wait for her to raise the others and come find you?" 

The newcomer was Dawn another of Eddie's former girlfriends that Laurie assumed he had just got tired off some time ago, now she was all shimmering copper-gold scales and tanned skin with hair the colour of flame and gleaming orange eyes. 

"Right now she's probably woken the other two and they will no doubt be down to investigate in a moment, of course, if you want to stick around for a midnight snack I'm fine with it but you had best be willing to explain to Maria why you didn't invite her to share your replacements." She lounged against the open door frame and laughed flashing a sabre-toothed grin.

"I wasn't going to eat anyone I was cooking dinner I didn't even know they were here," Laurie hissed back hearing the sound of people talking on the floor above.
