 It was unusually warm for October. It was humid, and the rot of leaves hung heavy in the air. She was sweating more than she had in a long time as she ran on the wooded trails behind the University. Leaves were drifting down from the tops of tall trees, and deer watched from afar and then almost absently leapt into thicker concealment. 

She picked up her pace as she started up the long hill that was the mid point of her run. Her calves burned but her lungs felt so full, open, and alive. Quitting smoking was the best thing she could have done for herself before having her baby, and embracing this new athletic lifestyle so wholly. Today was a fine day on all accounts. 

Her boyfriend David was busy at the campus gymnasium and her mother had taken the baby for the day. Her usual one hour run felt constricted, timed, and needed while today she felt free and flowing. David ran at a faster pace, but shorter distances, so she enjoyed being here by herself today. It was also nice because she didn't have that feeling of being watched from the trees today.

She pushed hard as she climbed the hill, feeling the burn in her buttocks and the pull in her hamstrings. She loved it. As she crested the hill she felt eyes on her from behind. It wasn't a nefarious feeling, only a feeling. She pulled in her rhythmic breath and looked back over her shoulder. A slender woman, with shiny black hair was just reaching the bottom of the hill. She had a runner's body, and tanned skin. 

Vanessa instantly saw that the runner was high maintenance. She wore a Nike running suit that was red, and as the woman ran up the hill without effort she saw that she was very attractive, and wore a touch too much make up. She was exotic, but also normal in a country girl next door sort of way. 

Vanessa hadn't realized it but she had stopped at the top of the hill, still jogging in place watching the dark haired woman. She felt pulled to her. Drawn. Her heart thudded in her chest with the efforts of her run, and this new compulsion to watch her fellow runner. Vanessa realized how strange this must seem and she began running again. 

The dark haired woman didn't miss a beat and passed Vanessa, giving her a quick over the shoulder "hello" in something like an Eastern European accent. Vanessa flushed, and had to slow to a walk. "Hi", she said, and watched the woman run past. She watched the woman's ass and thought, "Very nice. Kind of looks like mine." There was something in the air, maybe it was a past sexual memory clinging to the smell of the leaves. David had once taken her to a pumpkin patch behind his father's house and spontaneously ravished her between the scattered monster pumpkins. That had to be it. It was that memory clinging to the scents of the day. 

She was wet. She could feel herself starting to chafe as she walked. The woman slowed and turned and jogged in place. "Did I startle you?" Her accent was thick and interesting. Vanessa knew right then that this was the same accent that Vlad The Impaler had once spoken with. Her flesh crawled with a chill. "A little." Vanessa said. "You made the hill look like nothing. I'm kind of intimidated," she flirted. 

"I am still working off my baby fat. My husband and I come from Romania and are here at the University to study Conservation of Endangered Species. I am Zuzanna." At that she padded to Vanessa and held out her tanned manicured hand. 

"I just had a baby last year too. It's a struggle isn't it? Getting back in the shape we were before? I love it though, running feels so good and clean." Vanessa could feel her cheeks burning red. Zuzanna had a light sprinkling of freckles across the tops of her cheeks and the bridge of her nose. She could feel her pulse in the front wall of her vagina: thud, thud, thud, as they shook hands. 

"You should run with me. I need a partner to keep me motivated and it'll be safer if you run with me." Vanessa had wanted to run with someone who could keep up with her and liked the idea of safety also. Somehow, she felt as safe with this very sexual woman as she did with David. 

"That sounds nice." Vanessa said. "I think I have enough left in me to run back to the apartment. I don't think I can finish the road today." What she was really thinking was that she was nearly ready to dash into the bushes right here and now rub her clit with a fevered pitch. 

"Me too. Maybe we could go and get a coffee at the café on Evergreen Avenue next to the river?" Zuzanna said.

Chapter 2

David was sweating more than usual. The humidity permeated the air in the new gymnasium as he did his walking lunges. His muscles felt like they had been shredded, and he loved it. He was glad to have met John when he transferred to the University. They shared a passion for fitness, were politically interested, and both active outdoorsmen. His wife was sweet, and funny, and had an ass that he couldn't help but notice was shaped just like Vanessa's. 

Their daughter was nearly the same age as their own son, nine months. Vanessa hadn't met John yet, and David only briefly mentioned him as his "workout partner". In truth they were more than that. They were working on a document to encourage legislation to protect wolves in upstate New York and across the country. They also just simply enjoyed each others company and conversations.

It wasn't until they had gotten to know one another that they realized they shared a secret. John had discovered his secret while back-packing in Hungary, the day he met his wife Zuzzana, while David stumbled across his secret after fighting through his first weeks of sobriety two years prior. 

Maybe it had been the pheromones that had established their friendship, or maybe it had been the drive to find similar individuals to establish more of a pack. Either way, they trusted each other on a very complicated yet primitive level. They were at the same time exactly alike, yet complete opposites. John was built with long lean muscles, was almost void of any body hair on his torso, and was naturally tan. 

David was stocky, built like a boxer, but exactly the same height as John, and he had a primal pattern of hair that adorned his chest. Where John was all facts, concrete evidence, and confidence, David was the creative speaker with a silver tongue, who played on emotions and feelings when dealing with others, and whose false bashfulness was the yang to John's confident ying. 

"Alright man, I'm done. Time to get some grub and hit the shower." David said. "I agree. I've got some steaks marinating at home if you want to join me. We can grill them and then hit the shower." John said. David agreed and felt a quick redirect of blood from his overworked muscles go directly to his crotch. It wasn't as though they were lovers, or shared anything in the realm of romance, they simply trusted one another, had monstrous sex drives, and felt a strange physical attraction to one another.

They gathered their keys and made for the exit. Almost simultaneously they started to jog, and David being a touch more competitive picked up the pace to run. John evened their positions and couldn't help but grin. Their muscles were spent. They had both worked hard, chiseling their muscles into the sculpted forms that they admired. A modern Romulus and Remus, Achilles and Hector. 

They ran faster off campus grounds onto University Avenue and towards Evergreen Avenue. Each man felt the full throb in their glands. After exerting themselves physically for the last two hours they were exhausted, but the rush of sexual tension had them fueled with a supernatural energy; erotic adrenaline flooded their systems. Both men's cheeks were red. A half mile into their run to John's and Zuzanna's apartment they saw Vanessa and Zuzanna leaving the wooded trail at a slow run. 

David and John were far enough behind that the women didn't see them when they got to University Avenue. They just ran on, seemingly content with their own run. David and John looked at each other with amazed expressions. They knew that Zuzanna had expressed interest in meeting Vanessa, and after hearing David's description of her personality and physical appearance she had wanted to even more. David was worried that he would have to tell Vanessa of the situation between him and John if they had all met. John was his friend, and was content with the extent of that friendship. 

Fear ebbed in his chest but John reached over and gave him a firm swat on the back, "Hey. Don't worry bud. Zuz' will be seducing her in no time, and we can all be friends. You've already told me that she would love to know about us, but you were just afraid of messing up a good thing. Don't worry, I have no intention of making this complicated or..." John said between breaths.

"I know. I just get worried when things change. I love security but this situation just got way more complicated." David said. 

"Don't worry about it. I'll hold off on dinner when we get back to my place and save it for when the girls get there. I know they'll get there soon because Zuz told me today that she had been stalking Vanessa for a week from the trees on the trail. Trust me man. She's gonna be going down on your girl within the hour."

At that David felt his cock bulge. He was glad there was no oncoming traffic. The only problem now that he felt not so confident about was if he should keep his big secret a secret from her any longer. It was the secret that he, John, and Zuzanna shared together. He was only dimly aware of this concern though. All he could really think of was the possibility of the two women sharing each others lips, touching each others breasts, and sharing their mingled juices. He wasn't going to be able to handle Johns hands on his cock once they were in the shower soaping the sweat off of each others bodies. He was sure he would shoot ribbons of his cum out across the large, steaming, tiled shower. 

The girls made it to Evergreen Avenue and ran towards the coffee shop. The guys slowed enough to let them get inside and then picked up their pace to a sprint past the coffee shop and around the corner to John and Zuzanna's apartment. 

Chapter 3

The girls sat with their steaming coffees in front of them. Vanessa ordered a Vanilla Latte, and Zuz' ordered a vanilla chai tea. They warmed their hands on the cups and looked into each others eyes. Vanessa's a deep rich brown, Zuz's a light hazel. "I can't believe we just accidentally met." Vanessa said. "How weird is it that our guys hang out four times a week at the gym and we just randomly met while running?" 

"Not weird at all. We would have eventually but our paths just needed a little more winding before they crossed." Vanessa loved her accent, while it wasn't particularly sexy it was strong, glowed of power. She thought that Zuzanna may be younger than her. At times she looked very young, nineteen maybe, but then a shift in her eyes made her look older, motherly, wise. She was however almost thirty, the same age as her husband John. 

Zuzanna took Vanessa's hand and said, "David did not exaggerate about your beauty. He said you had features like the Native Americans, and the French. He was right. Two very sexy cultures. You have me very interested in knowing more about you." Vanessa took in a small quick breath. Her legs felt weak from Zuzanna's gaze and words. 

"One day, your man told me I should meet you, and seduce you. He said that you would be a willing victim for me to experiment with. I haven't played with another girl since I was back home in Romania." Vanessa suddenly felt a rush of energy excitement. She was no longer in s subtle sexual stupor, but was energized with the possibilities. As if with a switch, those feeling fled. "Have you and David done anything?" Her cheeks reddened. 

"No my friend. Your man and I have not touched ever. He hugs, jokes, and is polite always, but we never have done anything improper. John and your David though," she said this with a teasing youngness, "have been touching a bit lately though." She smiled and sipped her tea. Vanessa felt her discomfort melt away. Her stomach became hot and she felt rubbery with heat, and lust. Wetness crept from inside of her to her lips, and her clit pulsed at the sudden image thrust upon her. 

Chapter 4

David stripped off his clothes and set them in a pile on the bathroom floor. He was covered in sweat and the apartment was warmer than he had hoped. The tile floor was warm, the air was warm, and he was hot. There was a furnace in his chest and his heart pounded with the lust that was making him half mad right now. John came in with two glasses of ice water and wearing nothing. 

His cock stood high and arched. David's was in a similar state. He took one of the glasses as John offered. It cooled the fire inside: a little. John opened the shower door and turned the knobs, adjusted and said "There. That should do it." He took a sip of water and then took a big swig of Scope. He passed the mouth wash to David and as David took a swig and swished he noticed that John's cock was nearly flowing with pre-cum. A steady trickle of the slippery, hot fluid was trailing from his split at his head down the length of his sex. David felt a slight push from his insides as a slick heat made its way to the tip of his cock as well. He watched as a bead if pre-cum appeared and then trailed down his shaft as well. 

John watched it happen and David quickly spit his Scope into the sink and they locked together in an embrace that neither of them had done before. Their lips mashed together, John's clean shaved face so smooth and David's slight stubble so rough. They kissed, lips pulling, sucked together, and tongues only lightly exploring. They each ground their hips and cocks together; the slick wetness of it nearly forcing a moan from each man. 

They rubbed their heads together, breaking from their kiss as they looked between themselves at their glistening tools. John grasped both of their penises and began slowly stroking them. They watched for only a moment and then began kissing deeply and with an animal lust. David reached around and grasped John's ass cheek and moaned into the others mouth as the first hot jet of cum erupted against the other mans penis. John moaned with a slight growl and started thrusting his hips into his fist and against David's cock. They both pulsed and shot long steaming sprays of semen against each others washboard stomachs. 

Both men were rubbing their faces against the others neck, panting. John's eyes had changed to a cool, distant blue, with huge pupils. David's were a vibrant copper, with pinpoint pupils. Each man dragged a long eye tooth over the curves of the others neck and shoulders. 

They didn't speak, they only got into the shower, and down on all fours facing each other. They could see the change coming, fueled by their lust for each other, which in turn was fueled by the thoughts of their significant others slipping slender fingers into each other and gently sucking each others nipples, clitoris's, and fingers with wanton passion. 

John could feel himself starting to take on the form of the large wolf that he became during the days closest to the full moon. David could feel the hair that made up his mane, starting to creep out of his skin, his jaw elongating... "Breath." John said. "You can do it. Just breath, and stay calm. Let it ebb in and then right back out again. I taught you how. Now just relax and let it flow out again." David relaxed, breathed and focused on calm. Focused on Vanessa and his life outside of his werewolf best friend, the mysterious Zuz, his own metamorphosis into an African lion, and the affair he was having with his best friend. He just let it all flow in and out. 

He felt his large fangs recede and his hair retreat. He still burned with lust and despite having just had one of the biggest orgasms of his life he remained hard. John looked him in the eye, only an inch from his face. "You okay?"

"Yeah, I'm good." David said. They kissed slow and deep, a passion that was more a camaraderie than love, a trusting unification and bond. David reached out feeling triumphant that he had pushed the beast back inside so close to a full moon and in the grip of unbridled lust. He reached under John and gripped his still rock hard cock and stroked it twice and let go. 

With one powerful arm he spun John in the spacious shower and climbed close to him. He pushed him with his hips against the tiled wall as the hot water covered them. It ran down John's back in clear rivers and David spread the lean man's cheeks with his big hands. They had never done this before, anything like this really. 

It started as masturbating together while they "accidentally" put in a porno one night, then they had began jerking each other off, that quickly lead to oral sex, and then hot showers after workouts where it was easy to clean up the massive amounts of cum they produced from each other. They were both athletes, but their supernatural conditions made for more than humane amounts of sexual desire. Both men had plenty of sex with the women in their lives, but still needed more. It helped to keep the beasts in check they told themselves. 

David spread a large helping of vanilla soap into the smooth crack of John's hairless ass. He massaged it all over the back of his balls, his taint, his pink asshole. He probed the outer sphincter area with his finger gently, working the soap in and out. Then he slipped his finger in deep, then worked on two. He worked it like he had his own in the past and Vanessa's in the present. 

He angled John's ass as he moaned towards the hot shower spray rinsing the soap away, and then he nuzzled his face against his exposed area. He kissed and then sucked the back of his balls, massaged and sucked on John's taint hard while pressing the pad of his thumb against his relaxed, pink ass. He slowly trailed his nose across his partner's pinkness, and then licked. He licked around the outer area, and then the puckered center. He massaged gently with his tongue and could feel pre-cum and cum dribbling out of his own cock. He reached under while licking his friend's ass and palmed his friend's perfect cock. 

John moaned and pressed his ass back against David's tongue. The men were both the exact same height, and their pricks were so similar, David's having more of an arch, subsequently making John's just a bit longer. In an urgent motion David was on his knees and had his cock pressed against John's ass. John panted and backed against his friends waiting sex. 

They stayed like that for nearly two minutes, with only head of David's penis in John's sphincter. They kissed like mad lovers, tongues lashing and breath ragged. David lunged quickly another inch as he felt John's ass relax. They both moaned, and then David buried himself all of the way to the base of his cock. He pulsed and could feel the cum pouring out of him despite not reaching climax. 

John turned and tongued David's mouth and then got down on all fours impaled by David's eight inches. He squeezed with his internal muscles and David slipped out almost to his head and then slowly pushed back in. He slipped in and out, in and out feeling the ridges and smoothness of John's insides. He couldn't handle anymore of this so he gripped John's muscular hips, and slipped in and out faster and faster. Saliva built up in his mouth, slipped past his lips spilled onto John's ass cheeks. 

David's eyes changed and his panting was all animal now, nearly a snarl as he came almost painfully. John was stroking his own cock and erupted at the same time that he felt David unload his lava inside of him. Hot semen sprayed all the way to the bottom of John's own chin as he stroked. David rode him still prolonging his ball quaking orgasm. He continued to come with each stroke until he collapsed on top of John. 
