 Lisa shivered in the cool, dry air of the club. This was completely understandable, as all she was wearing was a black cotton thong with red trim. She was standing on the balcony, and slowly walked down the steps to the club proper. The club closed early tonight; it was Wednesday and bands only played on weekends. She walked behind the bar, poured herself a half-glass of coke, and began to sip it. She looked at the stage and began to think how she had gotten to this point in her life.

She had graduated from high school at seventeen, and gotten a job as a receptionist with a small auto parts distribution firm. By September, the company had moved the office to a city two hundred miles away. Lisa moved with the company. It was a bit more expensive to live in the city, but Lisa managed. She began to pick up some extra money by modeling. At five feet six inches and one hundred thirty-five pounds, she had a good figure. She had thin legs, a round bottom, nice breasts, and summery blonde hair with blue eyes. She was attractive.

Her modeling was really soft-core porn. She would pose, clothed, and slowly strip until she was completely naked. She was a natural. Her only reservation was that someone from the company would find out about her second job. She had no worries. In December, the company was bought, the office was closed, and Lisa was laid off.

Lisa needed a job. With the two jobs, she was able to save. But she was not making enough from the modeling to pay her rent. Her photographer told her about stripping at clubs, and put her in touch with a booking agency. Lisa went to the interview. The interview consisted of her stripping and dancing. She got the job.

Lisa did not work at a regular strip club. Instead, she was shuttled to small bars and pubs that wanted girls for the weekend or for temporary entertainment. Some of the pubs didn't even have poles or a dance floor. They would put tables in a u-shape and book three girls. The girls usually did three shows, dancing in the open area. In addition, when they weren't dancing, the girls were required to put on a short robe or t-shirt and mingle with the customers.

Some of the clubs were fairly lax with their rules. At two of the clubs, if the tips were large enough, Lisa would let the guys pinch her nipples or tickle over her mound with their fingers. This was illegal, but at the smaller bars no one ever checked. She liked the tease. She began to feel very comfortable in front of people in only a g-string, and liked this type of dancing. And besides, the tips were great.

Between dancing and the photo shoots, Lisa was doing okay with her money. She could have made a lot more if she would "date" some of her customers, but she refused to do that. She would not go that far. As she continued to dance, she had built up a small fan club of three guys. They would follow her on a weekly basis from pub to bar. They always tipped well, and Lisa milked them for all that she could.

On night, around one a.m., after Lisa had finished her last show and was walking to her car, the three guys decided that they wanted a bit more than just to tickle her mound with their fingers. They ambushed her by her car and drug her into some bushes. As the pub was in a really rural area her cries for help went unheard. Besides, it wasn't too long before they had ripped off her blouse and stuffed her bra into her mouth.

They guys slapped her around a bit, giving her a bloody nose, black eyes, and some bruises on her ribs. When the first guy was about to mount her, the vampire appeared. The vampire was a tall, statuesque, and gorgeous brunette. It was over in about fifteen seconds. One guy got a broken jaw, another a broken arm, and the third cracked ribs. As the guys fled, the vampire slit her right wrist and fed Lisa some vampire blood. Then she left and told Lisa that she would be in touch.

Lisa was surprised at how quickly she healed from the beating. She was also shocked at how much energy she had. It was, of course, because of the vampire blood. And Lisa's new boss would explain all at their next meeting.

When the two met again, Lisa's vampire mistress, whose name was Karina, informed the girl that Lisa was bound to her. Withdrawal from the vampire blood would result in a slow and painful death. Once a month, Lisa would get her feeding. During the week Lisa was fed, she would be required to be in her apartment by ten in the evening every evening until she was fed. And, since she liked stripping, she would be required to wear a thong or panty in her Mistress's presence. Style or color would not matter.

The monthly feeding was the only time Lisa would see Karina. Karina communicated with her by email or cell phone. She gave Lisa tasks to complete and if Lisa failed punishment was quick and painful. When Lisa excelled, rewards were generous. Lisa's job, as a ghoul, was to do the things that required daytime activity for Karina. Lisa learned very quickly to excel, as the financial rewards Karina bestowed upon her were generous indeed.

Lisa learned how to set up havens for her Mistress. A haven is a safe place where a vampire can rest during daylight hours. She knew where they were, and respected them. She also learned a little bit about finance, as Karina encouraged the girl to save and guided her in investing for a return.

After eighteen months, the two women moved to Malibu. Karina had bought a club and was renovating the place. The club was in an old theatre that was quite small. On the left side of the balcony were the offices. On the right side was Lisa's small apartment. Lisa lived in the club. She waited tables on Fridays and Saturdays, when the bands played, and tended bar other nights of the week. She also did whatever daylight activities Karina required.

The panty rule remained in effect. Lisa enjoyed stripping, but, for some odd reason, she could never get comfortable with being this naked in front of her Mistress. At times, after the feeding, Karina would bring other vampires or ghouls to the apartment. Lisa felt awkward walking about in just her panties when these other people were present.

Lisa was pretty sure she had experienced the ultimate humiliation about six months ago. That night, after feeding, Karina had invited three other vampires into the apartment. One was female and two were male. Lisa sat quietly in her corner and listened to the vampires discuss vampire politics. She never expected what would happen next.

Karina ordered her to sit next to a vampire named Scott. Scott began to play with Lisa's nipples. Lisa felt embarrassed and humiliated, but she also loved the touch of his icy fingers on her nipples. Scott then had her remove her thong and get on all fours. He liberally fingered her anus and vagina for about an hour. Lisa climaxed twice from the manipulations inside of her, even though his fingers were colder than ice. When he was finished, Karina kissed her, smiled, and said, "You know you loved it."

That was the problem. Lisa had loved it. And as she sipped her coke in the cool air of the club, she knew instinctively that her vampire Mistress had something planned for tonight. Lisa had no clue what it would be, but her intuition told her it would be something completely unexpected.

Karina and Arthur

Lisa finished her coke, washed the glass, and headed back to her apartment. Karina appeared at the top of the steps. 

"There you are, girl," said Karina. "Come, let me feed you. Then you can enter the apartment. We have business that requires attention."

Lisa got on her knees, as always. Karina slit her right wrist and gave Lisa two mouthfuls of vampire blood to drink. Lisa gulped greedily, then swallowed. When Karina pulled her wrist away, Lisa followed her into the apartment. Then she headed to the bathroom and washed her face.

When she reentered her apartment, she was shocked at what she saw. She stopped abruptly, and then recomposed herself. She looked at Karina and asked, "Mistress, is there something I can get you? And something for your guest?"

Karina had not neglected her ghoul's education. Lisa had been taught about both the strengths and weaknesses of vampires and ghouls. She knew about the ghoul blood addiction. She also knew she was aging slowly, and that she still looked eighteen. Karina also educated Lisa in the various vampire clans, and their respective powers and weaknesses. Karina was of the Tremere clan. She was a blood sorceress of great power. Lisa also knew that a vampire had to maintain a human activity lest they become completely feral. For Karina, the activity was collecting and consuming fine wines. Karina requested a glass of Merlot. Her guest required nothing. Lisa poured two glasses of Merlot (she was required to join Karina in a drink) and sat down opposite the two.

"Lisa, this is Arthur. He is of clan Nosferatu. Stand up, turn around, and let him get a good look at you," commanded Karina.

Lisa stood up and slowly turned around. She felt completely humiliated by this entire affair. She had been nude, or almost so, as she was in a thong, in front of Karina's associates in the past. But Arthur was different. Very different.

Arthur was a vampire of clan Nosferatu. Vampires of this clan were exclusively male. And they were hideously deformed by vampirism. Arthur was dressed in sneakers, Levis, and a USC t-shirt. But the rest of him was hideous. His skin color was a sickly grey. He had perhaps three hairs on his scalp. He had no eyebrows, a pointed and arched nose, no lips, and his teeth were uniform and all very pointy. His arms hung to his knees, ending in long tapering hands with large talons. His legs appeared normal. Lisa could not help but notice the bulge in his jeans. And, as Karina had explained to her, Nosferatu desired human women. And not for feeding. Lisa did not know whether to be terrified, revolted, or both.

"She is lovely, Karina," said Arthur, and his speech sounded as if his mouth was filled with a thick, oily drool. "I prefer my women naked, but she looks divine in a thong. Besides, I have not had a woman in fifteen years. She will do nicely."

"You may play with her when we have concluded, Arthur," said Karina. "Lisa, you will accommodate Arthur in any way that he chooses."

"Yes, Mistress."

Lisa went to the kitchen to get more wine for herself. She knew that she would be required to have some sort of sexual activity with Arthur, and she would need a little buzz to carry it out. She had another half-glass of Merlot, and then watched as the two vampires talked.

Arthur

When the two concluded their business, which involved roughly thirty minutes of conversation, Karina smiled and left the apartment. Arthur smiled at Lisa (if it could be called a smile) and approached the girl.

"Lisa," said Arthur, as he gently began to play with her nipples, "do not be afraid. We are quite skillful at pleasing women. Indeed, some women, after having been with a Nosferatu, will never go back to a human male. So just relax and enjoy."

Lisa forced a smile. She shivered as Arthur's ice-cold fingers gently tweaked her nipples. She couldn't help herself. She was starting to like it.

Arthur took his left hand and began to gently tease over the girl's mound. He tickled in between her legs, and Lisa started to give in to her body. She spread her legs. Arthur continued his teasing, then reached inside of her thong. The girl was quite well lubricated. With both hands, he ripped off her thong. Then he guided her to the middle of the room, smacking her backside several times as they walked. He laughed as she jumped with each smack. He gently guided her to the floor, bent her knees, spread her legs, and knelt down. Arthur began to explore, with his fingers, Lisa's womanhood.

Lisa felt the ice-cold fingers do their exploring. She didn't know whether to be revolted or pleased. The problem was twofold. One, she was enjoying it. Two, the vampire was so damned ugly. The other vampire who fingered her was handsome. This one looked diseased. But her mind slowly followed her body, and began to give in to the pleasure.

When Arthur stopped his finger play, he knelt down and began to lick. His tongue was huge, ice-cold, and rough as sandpaper. And it was driving her wild. He licked and teased with his tongue while he explored her body with his fingers. When he found her pearl, Arthur was merciless. Lisa began to shake like a leaf as the orgasm approached. The pain and pleasure from the ice-cold and rough tongue were too much. When she was almost at the top, Arthur stopped. Lisa thought she would die.

Arthur slowly undid his Levis and dropped them. His penis was already erect. His balls were huge, and the skin on his genitals was the same sickly grey as the rest of him. His penis was a little over a foot long, and quite thick. It was not, however, shaped like a normal penis. The end tapered quickly. It did not have a head like a normal human penis.

Arthur rubbed the tip of his penis over Lisa's mound a few times, and then slowly began to insert the huge thing. Lisa gasped and cried. He was too big! But Arthur slowly kept pushing, inserting it until he felt it touch her cervix. And then he held it inside of her.

Lisa cried. Arthur was ice cold. And he was huge. His penis pinned her to the floor. Lisa wrapped her arms around Arthur's shoulders and then wrapped her legs about his torso. She shifted a bit. This only allowed him to insert his oversized vampire member deeper inside of her, which he did. Arthur smiled. He had her right were he wanted her. He started squirting precum into her. He could control his erection, his precum, and his sperm. It was a vampire power. He squirted more of his ice-cold precum into the girl, and then slowly began to move in and out.

Karina peeked in and watched as Lisa, her precious ghoul, locked herself onto the gross Nosferatu. She saw the girl twitch and shiver. She smiled. This could be leverage.

Arthur continued his slow and steady fucking. Since he could control his erection, he decided he would fuck the girl for thirty minutes. He would squirt his precum as needed to keep the girl lubricated. Lisa climaxed after about five minutes, but still clung to Arthur. He was not done with her.

Lisa thought she had died. He just kept working that huge member inside of her! She climaxed, and thought he would stop, but he did not. He kept on going. The mixture of pain and pleasure was exquisite! She climaxed a second time. After what seemed like eternity, she felt his ice-cold sperm inside of her. She clung to Arthur as tightly as she could and milked him with her vaginal muscles. As Arthur released his erection and withdrew, Lisa relaxed.

Arthur, however, was not done with the girl. He located Lisa's very, very sensitive pearl and began to play. He also inserted two fingers back into her vagina. Lisa gasped and shivered. He teased, pinched, and played, bringing her to a third climax. She cried out, a few tears running down her cheeks, and shook like a leaf in a stiff wind. Arthur finally showed the girl some mercy and stopped.

Lisa came down very slowly from the their climax, which was sharp and painful. So this was vampire sex. She wasn't sure that she would ever want a regular human male after this experience. She opened her eyes and smiled at Arthur.

"You are quite the woman, girl," said Arthur, in his syrupy voice. "Most human females could not take what you took on their first time. You are delicious. I would like to have you again. Want to see what you serviced?"

Lisa mouthed a soft "Yes," and Arthur showed her his penis. She reached up to touch it, and he pushed her hand away. Then he pulled up his jeans and buttoned them.

"Good night, girl," said Arthur. "I am leaving now."

"Do you have any friends?" asked Lisa, giggling and propping herself on her elbow.

Karina simply smiled.