 This is my contribution to the "HALLOWEEN STORY CONTEST 2016".

It was written under time pressure again -- I hope it doesn't show too much...

*************

Rick's fantasy girl, compiled from the best of the best of his dreams, and still, somehow, miraculously coming together perfectly. And he almost ran into her with his car. 

Long, curly, dark brown hair, deep brown eyes, cute little nose, lush lips of beautiful red, surrounding a mouth of perfect dimensions, harboring two rows with perfect white teeth. And a body to kill for; appealing breasts, almost too big -- almost, hence just perfect -- slim waist, long, long legs, body not over-muscled, fat in right proportions at the right locations, and dressed in style. Her clothes slightly business style, certainly not slutty, accentuating her shapes like assets to provide her that little bit of advantage to win the deal. Even better than his wildest dreams...

First, there was no-one to be seen, and then, when he looked again, he nearly hit her. She had appeared out of nowhere; fortunately both the brakes and his reflexes were excellent. Rick jumped out of the car and hurried towards her -- her eyes wide in shock, one hand on her chest, leaning against the car. 

He picked up her bag from the ground and, while rising up, his eyes ran over her body. If he was destined to meet his dream girl this way, then there was no reason to fight it... No way she could ignore him now, but he'd better come up with something intelligent...

"Hi..."

"My God that was close..."

"Yes, sorry about that. I never saw you coming -- were you in a hurry or something?"

"Yeah... no... nothing to apologize about -- it was all my fault... I wasn't looking. I'm a bit late and..."

"Can I get you there? I can bring you by car!?"

"No, thanks. I think walking is better now -- I need to get the adrenaline out of my system first. But thank you for the offer. See you!"

"See you..."

Well done -- he didn't even get her name... But he did have a new best friend visiting in his dreams.

***

Next time he saw her, he was in his car again. This time it was raining and she was getting soaked on the sidewalk. He pulled over and once more offered her a ride; this time she didn't reject. 

Her name was Joyce, and she was on her way home; well, home... she rented a room from a landlady. She recently got a job as a secretary for a transport company, and was still working to get her life in order.

Rick dropped her off, but before he had turned the car around, Joyce came running back to him. She had forgotten her house keys and the landlady wasn't at home. Perhaps he could drive her to the shopping mall?

Not letting this opportunity slip, he invited her for a drink in one of the small tea rooms. She agreed, having nothing better to do.

Taking off her wet coat, she looked even more beautiful than he remembered. And she was having a drink with him -- there must be a God...

Carefully, he checked her out. She had just finished school and was on her first real job. Her parents lived hundreds of miles away, so she was kind of isolated -- he inferred from that information that she was single...

The landlady was a friend of a friend of her parents -- convenient to have a place to stay, but she quickly needed something better. The landlady was an old, old-fashioned woman, expecting her to be home early, no guests, no noise... Even having a drink with Rick could get her in trouble... Nevertheless, Joyce eagerly accepted his invitation for dinner that Friday -- she would tell her landlady she was invited by one of her female colleagues...

***

Curiously, Joyce took up the large living room. Slowly, she was walking around when Rick came back with the glasses of water. 

"It's beautiful!"

"Yes, it is. Thank you! A few lucky moments on the stock market, and all of a sudden, it was within reach..."

He still couldn't believe he had bought the place. Talking about a moment of weakness... Not that he regretted it -- not a single moment, but it hadn't been very sensible... Yes, his successful trading had enabled him to pay the first installment, but now he had to work hard to keep up the payments... 

So far, he had been lucky enough -- although he didn't think of it as being lucky. Every transaction had been well-founded, well thought of; nearly all of his predictions had come through, so apparently he was capable of understanding the intrinsic dynamics of the stock market. He had never doubted his capacities, and was convinced he could keep it up. Work hard and only take sensible risks, and nothing is beyond reach...

...Except for Nicole, that is...

Like him, Nicole had loved the house, and with their incomes combined, the mortgage wasn't that outrageous. But after only a few weeks she got second thoughts. Probably couldn't handle the speed of success... She blamed it on 'bad vibes' and crap like that. Said the house felt unwelcoming; Rick behaved different. Crap! She behaved different... and she abandoned him; left him behind; on his own...

Joyce was looking at him.

"For how long have you lived here?"

Apparently she had asked the same question before...

"A few months now. I'm still settling down. Sorry, my mind was on some of the things that still need to be done... Would you like to get a tour around the house?"

"If you don't mind -- I don't want to appear too nosey, but I think the house is beautiful and I would love to see more of it..." 

God, she was beautiful. Walking behind her on the stairs, she gave him a good view at her tight ass, her long, slender legs, calves uncovered by her half long dress. Perhaps, with a little effort, he could even get a peek of her panties, but he controlled herself. He didn't want to blow it by being too hasty -- things were going excellent so far, so he was pretty sure they'd get there soon enough...

Rick noticed Joyce taking in the spacious area of the upper floor, and he could see her mind spinning -- it was almost empty, so it should be obvious to her that he didn't need the space, while it would be a perfect place for her to stay... It was a little too early, though, to bring it up, but who knew what the evening would bring... It was obvious she wasn't averse of the idea of leaving her land-lady... Like everything else these days, things were going his way...

Dinner went smooth. He had played safe; pasta, to which he added the minced meat only after he had assured that she wasn't vegetarian. A bottle of wine stood ready, but Joyce preferred water with her meal, which was perfectly fine with him. 

He had all the right witty comments at the right time. Somehow they had a lot in common, making it easy to talk, and Joyce genuinely seemed to like his little jokes. She let Rick do most of the talking, determine the subjects, and happily added her two cents of thought to whatever conversation was going on. She seemed perfectly at ease with him, and somehow, perhaps by how she made him take the lead, she enormously boosted his self-confidence.

"Shall we go for a few drinks?"

Almost apologetically, she shook her head. "I'm not sure - my parents expect me to call, and I need to inform my landlady in advance. She'd already threatened to lock me out when I'm not in before ten..."

He was actually shocked by her meekness -- how could a grown up woman still be restrained like this; she should be able to decide for herself if she wanted to stay out late! "Can't you call your parents from here? It will be only one drink; we won't take that long! You'll be home long before ten." 

On the other hand -- it was kind of cute, this timid behavior of this girl. It was kind of... turning him on...

Joyce hesitated, and Rick knew he had won. He gave her some privacy to make her calls, and then they left. 

"Half past nine, she said -- half past nine. Can you believe it?" Joyce fumed. "On a Friday night! Even my parents were less restrictive than this woman -- I swear, she'll smell my breath when I come home!!"

"Why don't you move to my place? I've got plenty of room -- I can rent you some space?" Rick had her right where he wanted her. She looked with a mix of hope and disbelief, but then shook her head. 

"In general, she isn't that bad, and I like it that my parents get some feeling of security, having someone looking after their little girl. My parents are not quite used to the idea that I'm all grown up now -- step by step, they'll have to let me go, but I'll give them some time... But thanks for the offer -- I'll keep it in mind. Maybe later..."

So close...

They found a table, Rick ordered wine for Joyce and a beer for himself, and continued interrogating her about her past. So far, she had never lived apart from her parents - the university was in their home-town, and she'd never felt the need to move on her own. She was a real family-person, and didn't mind the social control her parents kept on her -- it actually gave her the feeling of safety and being loved. But now she did feel the urge to spread her wings and start living her own life. That's why she had taken this job away from her family -- to move away from their influence.

Rick couldn't believe his luck; running into such a good-looking chick, finding out she was still single and, based on her shy and inexperienced reactions, he wouldn't be surprised if she was still a virgin -- certainly she wasn't very much experienced... There had to be a catch, but he was willing to find out...

After finishing her second glass, Joyce insisted she had to go. It wasn't that late, but she preferred to keep her land-lady happy. 

The red glow in her face gave away that she wasn't used to alcohol -- the two glasses already affected her, and she didn't mind Rick wrapping his arm around her. Nor did she stop him when, standing at the driveway, he carefully placed his lip on hers. On the contrary -- she wrapped her arms around his neck and welcomed his kiss by sucking in his lower lip, allowing his tongue to explore her mouth. However, when his hands started kneading her ass, she pushed him away. Panting from the heady kiss, she asked: "Will I see you soon again?"

Rick didn't have to think twice. "Tomorrow? There's a festival just outside of town -- maybe we can go there?"

Joyce seemed to consider the idea, but no. "Sorry, I already agreed on having a girls' day with my colleagues -- one has to go shopping for her sister's wedding and we all agreed to support her. But what about going to the cinema on Sunday evening?

"Sure. Great! I'll pick you up around six for dinner, and then we can decide which movie to see. See you then!"

Rick watched Joyce walking down the driveway until she turned out of sight, savoring the lingering taste of wine and Joyce in his mouth. She was just perfect -- just perfect in any way. A once in a life-time chance! He had to make sure not to ruin this one...

***

The next day, Rick checked the internet on nearby restaurants. The area was new for him, and after the brake up with Nicole, he hadn't gone out anymore. So he had no idea about the best places in town. He was sure Joyce would let him take the lead again, and he wanted to make a good impression on her. So, instead of going to the big, fancy, well-advertised restaurants, he wanted to impress her by going to one of those small, cozy ones that would surprise Joyce with their excellent food. But how to find such a place? 

The number of restaurants was exhaustingly extensive, and it took quite some time to check each of them out on their menus and on-line reactions from customers. Finally, Rick managed to bring it down to five restaurants that looked simple but exclusive, which he decided to visit personally, to check them out by himself. After looking inside and eating in two of them, he had made his choice.

Then, of course, he checked out the movies that were showing. He was pretty sure Joyce would agree on one of the romantic ones, that started perhaps a little late, but the time in between diner and the movie should easily be filled with another drink.

***

Joyce looked gorgeous. Her clothing style tilting a little towards sexy -- she certainly wanted to impress him -- and the bit of make-up just finished it off... Rick swallowed, thinking how to hide his cock which had uncomfortably swelled in approval, but when Joyce stretched her arms for an embrace, he decided to go all or nothing. He used one hand to guide her lips to his mouth, while the other one around her waist pulled her against his body. Her body froze for a split-second, but then she avidly replied his kiss -- he could feel the smile forming on her lips...

Joyce's clothing wasn't anywhere near provocative, but Rick basked in the presence of her beautiful appearance. He could feel the admiring looks from the other men and just held her a little closer, not leaving any doubt about the fact she was with him.

Rick was attentive, opening doors, taking her coat and pulling her chair out. He ordered food for both of them, only seeking her approval afterwards. She showed no objection -- on the contrary; she seemed totally at ease with him.

Joyce slowly sipped the red wine, giving no chance to refill the glass in between. Instead, she mainly took from her water. The food, lamb chops, was every bit as excellent as Rick had hoped for, and very well received by Joyce. Desert was skipped; instead they moved on to a small bar in the area between the restaurant and the cinema for tea, followed by another glass of wine. However, after the waiter had gone, Joyce told Rick she wanted to take it a bit easy on drinking.

There was plenty of time before the movie would start, but they never ran out of subjects -- it felt so familiar. And all the time Rick stayed in charge -- it came natural; Joyce maintained a slightly awaiting attitude, giving Rick full opportunity to lead. 

Not only the conversation went smooth, but also the little physical contacts were well received. She watched after him when the tips of his fingers stoked her neck on his way to the toilet, smiled when he took her hand into his own to study the intrinsic patterns made by the nail studio, and when he stood behind her chair to leave the place, she leaned over to him; pressing her upper body against his thigh. In the cloakroom, Rick felt confident enough to pull her tight and kiss her passionately -- fully justified. After a short wavering, a short tensing, a quick moment to check for bystanders, Joyce surrendered to his kiss, allowing his tongue to enter her mouth; gasping but not rejecting when his hands squeezed her ass this time. 

On the way to the cinema, Rick halted several times to steal another kiss, playfully hindered by a giggling and laughing Joyce, who pretended to fend him off, but without too much effort. When Joyce once more pushed him away, close to the cinema, Rick used his body to press her out of sight against a dark wall. Pulling both arms above her head, holding her wrists up with one hand, Rick used the other hand to press the back of Joyce's head against the stone wall, keeping her face turned to his.

"This is what you want -- isn't it?"

All of a sudden, Joyce's attitude changed. Surprised and shocked by his roughness, Joyce shivered and cowered, her eyes lowered to the ground.

"Look at me! Answer me! This is what you want, right?! ... Look at me, I said!!"

"I... I don't know..."

"I'm asking about what You want -- not about your parents, not about your landlady -- so you know damn well! Look! At! Me!!!"

"I don't... don't know what you... mean. What is it... that I want?"

Again Joyce's eyes turned to the ground, but Rick regained her attention by a soft pat on the cheek. "Ok, let's turn it around -- what do you think you want from me?"

Joyce's eyes darted from left to right, but she didn't dare to lower them again, afraid of Rick's next move. "I... I..."

"Yes?!"

"I like you to be with me..."

"And?..."

Joyce looked pleading at Rick; confused, scared and insecure. "I don't know what you mean..." She nearly cried. "I like to see you. I like to talk with you. That's all!"

"That's all!?" Rick snarled. "You decided to put on these incredibly sexy clothes, just because you like to talk with me?" 

Inside, Rick wasn't nearly as confident as he pretended to be, and he was just praying that he did the right thing -- that he'd read her well... "I might be wrong, but I think you also like me to do this!" and with that, he roughly pressed his mouth on hers, forcing his tongue inside. Rick had no real trouble keeping his lips on hers, and when he finally redrew, they were both panting. 

"You don't want that from me?" Rick asked, daring her to deny.

"Maybe not like that..." Joyce meekly replied, immediately followed by: "But I like you kissing me!!!..." as if afraid Rick would take the wrong message.

"Not like that!? And you also don't want me to do this!?" Rick used his free hand -- not the hand holding her wrists -- to roughly stroke her breasts through her jacket. 

Joyce shook her head.

"You don't want that, or you don't know what you want?"

"I... I..." Joyce stammered, "I don't know..."

"You don't know what you want, right? Because you keep thinking about what your parents would say of this." 

Joyce didn't reply.

"Maybe things become more clear when this is not in the way?" Rick pulled the zip of her coat down, and then placed his hand back on her breast, squeezing through, by now, much thinner layers of fabric. 

Joyce gasped, but didn't get a chance to react, as Rick brought his lips back to hers. This time, for the first time, she welcomed his tongue with hers; turning and twisting her tongue around his, although not yet bold enough to claim his mouth. Her hips reached to his, rubbing his swollen cock, and he knew he'd read her well.

Rick let go her wrists, but warned her to keep her arms up in the air. He then used the free hand to squeeze her ass -- first through the fabric of her skirt, but then he lifted it, slipped inside her panties, and stroked her skin directly. The moment when he lifted the skirt, Joyce stiffened again, but a squeeze in her breast retained her from objecting. Instead, she completely surrendered, leaned her back against the wall and allowed him to continue along this path. Despite his warnings, she pulled her arms around his neck and pulled his body closer to hers. 

Rick's arm was now squeezed between their bodies. He pulled it free and ran it, under her shirt, up her back. Deftly he released the clamp of her bra and started stroking her back, using the other hand to fondle and squeeze her ass-cheeks. He told her off when her hands tried to work themselves under his shirt -- not that he didn't want her to, but because it felt she had to be denied to take the initiative at this point. "Keep still!"

Rick loved how Joyce reacted. His denial only made her mouth work harder to make the most of the little action she was allowed. He just knew this was the right thing -- for him, it had been an almost life-long obsession to control a girl like this, and it just seemed as if she was wired to comply.

After five minutes, he stepped away. Although he'd rather taken her home to continue what he had started, he suspected that, stopping right here and giving her the time to think things over would make her more obsessive. If Joyce was really in to this, a short break would make her all the more eager for the next step, longing to continue, while, if she was not, then it would be better anyway to stop before things ran out of hand. 

That's why he allowed her to refasten her bra, while he had rather told her to take it off, together with her panties. That's why he politely pushed her away when she leaned forward for another kiss. "We need to hurry, if we don't want to miss the start of the film!"
