 Literotica writer believes that there is a ghost in her computer and that he is spying on her through her computer monitor.

"Can I see you? I mean, watch you masturbate, too?"

"I don't see how Jessica, I'm a computer chip."

"Oh."

"So, you don't have a penis?"

"No, just a brain."

"That's too bad."

"Yeah, tell me about it."

"So, you have no arms or legs?"

"No. No arms. No legs."

"Okay."

I watched as she wiped her pussy with a tissue, climbed off the bed, and got dressed. Just as she finished dressing there was a knock on her bedroom door.

"Come in."

In walked a woman, who was about 5'2", and had long, red, curly hair that cascaded down to the middle of her back. She had a very pretty freckled face. I love freckles. I find them very sexy. Moreover, she had D or double D tits. Whichever they were D or double D they looked huge on her petite frame. Man, she was a hottie. I figured it was Jessica's friend.

"Hi," Jessica said to the woman while holding up her fingers to her lips and looking and nodding her head at the monitor, "shh."

"Who's the babe, Jessica?"

She rolled her eyes, put her hand to her hip, and turned to look at me.

"This is my friend, Trish."

"Trish? Short for Patricia."

"Yes, but I hate that name," said Jessica's friend with a laugh looking at Jessica and then at me and shrugging her shoulders. "Please call me Trish."

"Okay, Trish."

"So," said Trish smiling and looking at Jessica "who is your friend?"

"I have a ghost."

"What? A ghost? No way!"

"I have a ghost. He's a ghost. He shocked, actually murdered the guy who built him and now he is haunting me."

"Oh, my God." She looked at the monitor and then back at Jessica. "Just unplug him," she stepped forward and reached for my plug. "Just pull his freaking wire from the wall and then he—"

"No! Don't! He'll shock you."

Trish fell back in horror.

"He's been making me do things."

"Do things? What do you mean making you do things?" asked Trish looking at Jessica. "What kind of things?"

Suddenly, Jessica looked embarrassed and excited at the same time. 

"He had me get naked."

"Get out!" Now, Trish was the one looking excited. "Oh, my God."

"That's not the worse of it. He had me masturbate in front of him."

"No freaking way. Wow! If that wasn't so hot," said Trish, "it would be funny seeing you masturbate to the command of a monitor."

"I know." She leaned in to Trish so that I couldn't hear them, but I could. "At first I was shocked and didn't want to do it, but once I started masturbating knowing he was watching me, I was really going at myself and I had such a terrific orgasm."

Trish looked around the room.

"Are you sure someone didn't plant a web cam like that—"

"American Pie movie?"

"Yeah."

"I know. No, I already checked. He's a ghost alright." She whispered to her friend. "I don't think he's a bad ghost, though. He's just a horny ghost."

"A horny ghost." Trish looked at Jessica to see if she was joking and then she got this wicked look on her face like she wanted to play, too. She walked up to the monitor.

"Oh, yeah," said Jessica, "he's perverted alright, trust me."

"Hey, you, ghost monitor, you wanna see my big tits?" She said with a laugh and turning to look at Jessica while putting her hands up to her big tits and caressing and lifting them in a sexy manner. She banged the top of the monitor with her hand, stood back, and pretended to begin unbuttoning her blouse. "Hey, Ghost—"

"His name is Intel."

"What?

"His name, it's Intel."

"Intel?"

"Yeah, Intel 9207."

"He's named after a computer chip?"

"He is a computer chip."

"Cool," said Trish looking at Jessica and then back at the computer monitor, "a horny computer chip is haunting you." She laughed. "Only you, Jessica, only you." They both laughed.

"It's weird to have a haunted computer chip."

"Hey, Intel 9207, how about it? You wanna see my—"

"Please step away from the monitor or I will electrocute you."

Trish jumped back cowering and hugging Jessica.

"Oh, my God! He scared the shit out of me."

"Yes, Trish, I would love to see your big tits. Thank you for volunteering."

"What? No way! I was only joking. I'm not going to show you—"

"Start undressing or I will send a bolt of 5,000 volts through your body as a warning," I said in my best Wizard of Oz voice.

With shaking fingers, I watched Trish fumble with the buttons of her blouse. One by one she unbuttoned her blouse showing me her massive bra. It was so hot to watch this gorgeous vixen strip in front of me. Already, her nipples were erect and pushing out against the fabric of her satin bra. I could tell by the impressions that her nipples made that they were huge, the kind that make a popping noise when you remove them from your mouth after sucking on them.

She stood there in front of the monitor with her blouse wide open showing me her bra covered tits. Why do so many petite women have massive knockers and tall thin women have A cup boobs? Does anyone have the answer to that question? I mean, to me tits are tits. I love tits no matter what they size they are so long as they are female tits.

"Lose the blouse," I said wanting to frighten her into not resisting.

She complied removing her blouse. She stood there in her jeans and bra.

"Damn, how big are those weapons?" Suddenly, I imagined her perched over my stiff cock with her big tits hanging down in my face as I reached up fingering her nipples and feeling and caressing her big boobs.

She looked down at her tits proudly and back up at the monitor. 

"I'm a 34 D cup. I take after my grandmother on my father's side. She had double D tits."

"I love tits, especially big knockers." I looked at Jessica pouting. "You have beautiful tits, too, Jessica, very shapely."

"Thank you," she said with a smile. Damn, these women are so freaking dumb.

"Now, the jeans. Take them off. I want to see you in your bra and panty."

"See, I told you he was a horny ghost," said Jessica to Trish nudging her in her ribs. "He's going to command you to get naked."

I started to suspect that Jessica was as excited about seeing Trish naked as I was. Definitely, Trish was aroused stripping in front of me, too.

Trish unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. I watched as she shimmied out of her skin tight jeans until she stood there in her big, white bra and white, bikini panties. She had a very curvaceous body. Maybe, she was 100 pounds. Her tits were massive. I could not wait to see them.

"Twirl around let me see how you look in your underwear."

Her ass crack was exposed and she had a tattoo on her lower back.

"What's the tattoo?"

"Oh, a butterfly. I love butterflies. When I die I want to return as—"

"Now, you may slowly remove your bra."

"What? No! No way! This has gone far enough." She said taking a step back. "I don't mind stripping down to my underwear. It is like wearing a bikini." She looked to Jessica with a face full of horror and for some friendly support. "But, I'm not going to show you my tits. No way am I showing you my breasts."

"Okay, I'll just kill the cat to show you my power."

"No, please don't!" Jessica looked at Trish. "C'mon, Trish, it's no big deal. He's just a computer chip, a ghost. It isn't like he's a real person. Just pretend like I did that we are at the nude beach."

"Okay, okay," she looked at Jessica before looking back at me, "I'll do it."

She reached around herself and unhooked her bra. I watched as she slowly slid the straps from her shoulders, first one, and then the other. She held the cups in place with her hands until she substituted the cups for her hands and allowed the bra to fall to the floor.

"C'mon, Baby, let's see the boobs. Get your hands out of the way."

Slowly, she removed her hands.

"Wow! Those are the biggest tits I have ever seen." I remained silent for a couple of minutes stroking my cock while staring at her big tits. Then, I wanted to see some action. I wanted to watch Trish touch her big boobs. "Play with your nipples. Pull them out. I want to see how big they get."

"No way! That's sick. I'm not going to do that."

"C'mon, like you never touched yourself before. Show me how big your nipples get."

"Trish, please, I don't want him to kill my cat." Jessica took a step towards her friend and started fingering her nipples. Trish looked down at what Jessica was doing and then looked at Jessica before staring straight ahead at the monitor.

Instantly, her nipples reacted to Jessica's touch. At one point, Jessica and Trish looked at one another and I thought they were going to kiss. Boy that was a hot moment. Jessica was all over Trish's tits, fingering her nipples, caressing them, and feeling the weight of them in her hand. I was hoping she would lean down and suck them.

"Jessica, step behind Trish and finger her nipples so that I can see what you are doing."

"Okay." Jessica moved behind Trish, reached around her, and fingered her nipples. I started stroking my cock again to that hot sight.

"Can you suck your own nipples?"

"No," said Trish flushing with embarrassment.

"Oh, not only do I think you can but also I think you have. C'mon, let's see you suck your nipples."

With that, while never taking her eyes from the monitor, Trish lifted her left breast and sucked her nipple before lifting her other breast and sucked the nipple of her right breast. After watching this show, I knew she was going to be the masturbation queen once I got her on the bed.

"There, you happy, now, fuck wad?"

"Nice. I love big tits with big nipples. And I love a woman who has a gutter mouth." I started stroking my cock faster. "Okay, now the panties. Let's have a look at your pussy."

Trish looked to Jessica and then at the monitor.

"Trish, please do it. Please. He'll electrocute Missy." Trish looked at Missy sitting on the edge of the bed sleeping upside down like she was road kill.

She put her hands to her panty top, slipped her fingers inside, and slowly pulled them down. She had a shaved pussy.

"Okay, now that you are naked, let's play."

"Play, what do you mean, play?"

"I'm going to ask you to do that same things that I had Jessica do."

"What things? What must I do?"

"First, turn around. I want to see all of your body."

Wiggling her ass, she slowly turned showing me her ass, tits, and pussy. Definitely, Trish was more morally loose than Jessica. At least, Jessica put up a resistance. This one was ready to go from the beginning when she playfully asked me if I wanted to see her tits.

"Now, bend over with your ass to the monitor."

She bent over practically putting her ass in the monitor.

"You are way too close. Step back and do it again. Perfect. Now, spread your ass checks with your hands. I want to see."

She complied with less resistance than Jessica.

"Wonderful, now get on the bed and lie with your legs spread to the monitor. I want to watch you masturbate."

"No, I can't do that, not in front of Jessica. I'd be so embarrassed."

"I won't tell you to do it more than once. Do you understand?"

She sat on the bed, lied back, spread her legs and started fondling her tits and playing with her pussy. It was so hot watching Trish playing with her big nipples while she fingered her clit and finger fucked herself.

"So," I said watching her intently as she fingered her pussy. "Tell me Trish, are you a virgin?"

"Virgin?"

Jessica and Trish burst out laughing.

"I lost my virginity at the junior prom when I was fifteen."

"Interesting. What about sucking cock? Do you like sucking cock as much as your friend Jessica?"

"I've sucked a few cocks." She shrugged. "It's no big deal. The guys like it more than we like it."

"So, then, why do you do it?"

"It's a way for me to take control of my man. Besides, once I suck his cock he is nice to me, really nice to me."

"You mean, like in buying your presents and gifts."

"Well, yeah, that too, but just nicer in general."

"Nicer how?"

"Well, he is more attentive to me once I satisfy him by having him cum in my mouth."

"I would love to cum in your mouth, Trish, only I don't have a penis."

"Oh, that's too bad." She made a movement with her hand, mouth, lips, and tongue like she was sucking my cock. "Because if you had a cock and were here now, now that you go me all wet and horny, I'd suck your cock and have you cum in my mouth."

"Yeah, I can see you like to tease. So, tell me, have you ever licked a pussy."

She looked at Jessica.

"No, not yet, but I figure this is where this is going and what you want to see, right?"

"Maybe. So, would you?"

"Yeah, I guess I would if it was the right woman."

"The right woman? Who is the right woman? Is Jessica the right woman?"

She looked at Jessica and then at the monitor.

"Jessica is my friend. It would be weird doing her."

"Well, what if she did you?"

"That might work," she giggled, especially if I had some alcohol in me. 

"I think we can arrange that."

"Jessica do you have any booze in the house?"

"Downstairs in the liquor cabinet I have plenty."

"What do you want to drink, Trish?"

"Tequila."

Jessica left the room and returned with a bottle and two glasses.

Meanwhile, Trish continued to masturbate herself and with all the dirty talk, it did not take her very long before she was moaning with pleasure. And then, it happened. She cam. Boy she is a screamer.

I watched Jessica watching Trish playing with her pussy. She never took her eyes off her friend. I could tell that the sight of Trish masturbating was tuning Jessica on, big time.

"Okay, are you happy, now, you sick fuck? I did what I asked," said Trish with a voice that sounded a bit annoyed. "May I get dressed now?"

"Dressed? Oh, I don't think so, not yet, especially now that we have the drink of your choice, tequila." I directed my attention to Jessica, "Jessica," I said, "get naked, please."

"Why?" Jessica looked at me with a face filled with apprehension that suddenly turned to anticipation and then appreciation.

"Oh, I think you know why, Jessica."

It did not take Jessica long to strip herself naked, again.

To be continued...