 It is only after you have been dead for a while that you begin to look to lovely.

Sunken cheeks free of color full of luscious decay,

Oh my collection admired growing by the day,

such wonderful my trophies dustless upon my shelves.

Lovely creatures spilling life into my floors so I can dance and rejoice in it barefoot.

For I am aroused as color deepest red spills leaving the skin the palest of white,

And the brilliance of the colors of eyes become empty and listless.

Slowly, slowly they die watching me smile and touch myself.

Beautiful you will soon be more beautiful than imagined it only takes a while.

Blessed silence fills my chambers as a new trophy takes its place

Perfumed and decorated propped gently along the wall.

Now I shall wait for the right time to put her with the others,

For she must change her form as only death can help her do.

I will wait with great fascination as she changes for me,

Glee I shall feel when she completes her task.

Treasured as are the others I will love her too then after time,

Just a bit of time perhaps I will choose you.

                                                                  ~Mortimer~
                                                                    1975



Lovely Death
(the story)

Introduction to Mortimer:

Mortimer age 31 lived his life as a bachelor in a Midwest city in the United States. An outcast most of his life he did not have the pleasures of talking to girls or participating in much in school, he never had a real date and never had been kissed and remained a virgin. Mortimer was raised by his grandmother an outcast herself and lacked in social skills. He however was quite normal in his desires as a man and fantasized often about how his bride would look and the things she would do for him. He always had his face in a book growing up and was very knowledgeable about other cultures and about the anatomy of the human body and the female body in particular.

The missing women in Mortimer's town started becoming a mystery when he was a young man of about 17 years old. Seems women were vanishing from all kinds of places and were never seen since no contact and no bodies. Mortimer grimaced at his grandmother's comments when she would read about the missing women in the newspaper, she was always saying there is some "freak" out there doing "terrible things" to these girls, and would follow up by saying they were all sinners anyway and probably deserved what they got and evil begets evil.  Mortimer would become angry, as he found no fault in any woman on earth but his grandmother.

When Mortimer became of age to leave his grandmothers home he did so in comfort. The family had money and Mortimer never knew how to hold a job. He invested part of his fortune in the construction of a large medieval style home isolated in the Iowa countryside. Seemed strange to the farming community but then again everything about Mortimer and his family was strange. He imported furnishings and the materials for the home from all parts of the world it was hidden in the trees and very difficult to appreciate from the roadside. Mortimer lived in this mansion alone.

The girls continued to come up missing and the police still had no clues. No one suspected Mortimer to be involved in the disappearance of the women. He had a total of 5 victims by the time he celebrated his 24th birthday alone.


The Golden Bride



Golden Bride

Today he would dance as he would choose yet another bride.
He prepared his suite,
His ballroom 
to please her.

His heart sang as music played
The chamber
 Alive,
 with the wait.
"Rejoice, rejoice I shall rejoice."

The beauty awaits him in the garden.
He chose her from a crowd,
For she spoke to him with her eyes
 from across the room.

Her golden mane, long and soft,
It moved with grace, as did she.
 Essence of honeysuckle followed behind her steps.
Pink lips speaking to him,
She asked to be his bride.

I shall take her,
I shall cleanse her keep her safe.
She has been chosen.

Her struggle brief,
She lay in his arms.
Her softness her beauty surpasses all before her.
He took her to the garden,
She is waiting there.

"Time is nearing,
Time is nearing,
I shall take my bride."

He carried her from the garden,
Wide eyes,
Painted lovely with tears.
"she weeps for me."
He kissed her tears away.



Upon the marble floor he placed her,
Gently before the dance.
"Bleed for me, bleed for me,"
 he crooned in a sing-song melody.
This gift he knew he would soon have.

The silk wraps that bound her,
Lovely golden as her hair were loosed.
As he placed himself upon her
How aroused he became.
Her nails raking across his face,
The taste of blood on his tongue,
So beautiful.

Screams in the chamber,
Permeating each corridor,
Heavenly music to his ears.
As she began to bleed,
Her fight now at end
He stood to watch this beauty
Become his.

Her beauty,
Her soul oozing upon his floor,
The garden dirt washing across his feet.
Breaths ceasing now,
"No shoes,
No shoes,
I must feel her now."

He danced upon her sacrifice,
He felt her warmth upon his feet,
Her smell,
Her death,
Now his orgasm held in his hand,
He touched her face,
"For you my bride, for you."

She became pale in the sea of red,
Golden tresses gone away
Pink lips wiped away.
Such pleasure it brought him,
This part,
He loved to watch them die.
Once more he dance in bare feet,
He watched it in her eyes,
Her death so near.
He kissed her gently
Stroked her blood soaked hair.
"I love you bride," he told her.

Silence in the chamber
Death lives once more
Soon she too will be as lovely as any
Before her.
Cleaned and donned in silken gown
He prepared her for the wedding night.

Mesmerized  he watched her paleness grow
Now death can aid this beauty,
Prepare her for the shelf,
Never are they so lovely as when they have been dead a while.
He lay next to his bride,
Stroked her cooling skin,
They slept.

                ~Mortimer~
                1981

Mortimer awoke with the sun he was excited, as he knew today he would marry. He had been watching her for a couple of weeks and hoped she would keep her routine and he could easily contact her.  The woman with the golden hair had been going to the botanical gardens two days a week to apparently write in some sort of journal. She was beautiful. Once Mortimer just knew she had looked at him and smiled he knew she was in love with him and wanted to give herself only to him and today he would claim his bride.  He prepared his ballroom with lovely things and smells he knew she would like, he dusted the trophies and prepared for her and he sang and rejoiced at the events to come. It was time to go and hear the words he longed for her to say. That she would like to be his bride. When he arrived at the garden she was there inside the sun porch surrounded by beautiful flowers, and his favorite the honeysuckle. Her golden hair shone in the sunlight and beautifully framed her delicate face and shoulders the first time he saw her in a crowd he knew she would love him he heard her asking for him many times. Mortimer watched her for a while until she stood and gathered her papers and left the porch and began walking into the garden. Her lips painted pink formed his name and he heard her voice she asked if he would marry her.  "Oh yes" he replied to himself, I am ready for her. I shall take her and cleanse her and make her pure he beauty surpasses all before her. 

Her fight noble, yet brief as his hands touched her pink skin as soft and delicate as any flower. Her eyes wide and painted with the most lovely tears "Ah, she weeps for me" and he kissed her tears away. Mortimer could not wait to get his bride home, and make her his to purify her from all things he disapproved of she was to be a lovely trophy. Her tears for him in their travels were music to his ears his arousal and desires for her growing.  "Your home my bride you shall have your wish."   Mortimer carried her into the prepared chamber loosening the silk tie from her golden locks and bound her with it. Placing himself on top of her still kissing her lovely tears he asked "bleed for me, bleed for me I can wait no longer." 

Her nails raked across his face, how beautiful this was. Mortimer could contain his arousal no longer the taste of blood across his lips was orgasmic. Her screams filled the chamber as music unto his ears as her fight weakened he stood to watch her commit to him. He stood as she oozed her gift onto the floor and the garden dirt washed across his feet. Mortimer's chant like song sang in utmost excitement could be heard,  "no shoes, no shoes, I must feel her now!" He danced upon her crimson gift singing "her gift for me, her gift! Her smell, her death!" Mortimer held his untouched manhood in his hand and his orgasm filled it fully "for you my bride, for you!" he sang and brought it to her lips.

She looked beautiful and peaceful in the sea of red, he golden tresses gone, her pink lips gone. He loved to watch them die this being the most pleasurable part.  He continued to dance in bare feet and watched her failing eyes knowing death was near. He fell onto her knees and stroked her blood soaked hair and whispered "I love you bride."

Silence once more haunted the chamber. He cleaned her and donned her in a silken gown preparing her for the wedding night. He watched her paleness grow to an unbelievable color of beauty. Mortimer told himself now "death can aid this beauty I will prepare her for the shelf, never are they so lovely as when they have been dead for a while."  He lay next to his bride stroking her cooling skin and then they slept.





Dark Haired Beauty





Red wine flows through his veins,
He sips while haunting opera fills the chambers now.
Her day has come,
Her day to be his forever.
Her striking beauty,
Sea blue eyes,
With hair dark as night.
Sobs heard in the next room as she prepares.
"Heartfelt cries she offers me she must love me so."

He tasted her the night before,
Biting with such care. 
Her purity flowed onto his tongue,
He knew he would be her first.
Sweet blood,
Seals her fate.

Satin gown,
Flowing train,
White,
Pure like her.
He saved her at the altar,
Stealing her as she went to the church to pray.
She wore her gown,
The one she would wear the next day,
For him.

Through the window he saw her,
Beautiful tears she shed.
"She shall shed them for me for I am to be her joy."
Watching until he could take no more, 
Spilling his seed onto the ground beneath the stained glass window.

Her prayers finished,
She walked through the door,
Into his waiting arms.
Her skin soft as the satin she wore.

Tonight he plays the music,
Accompanied by her tears. 
"A wonderful bride she shall be."

"Into my chamber now my beauty, for I shall sing for you."
Wide eyed this beauty saw her captor profess himself to her.
As he approached her now she knew,
Her life would end, for him the beginning.

"The others will watch,
they will see, another beauty upon my shelf. They shall
help you, they know what to do, they have found beauty, so shall you"

Her gown becoming as blood with each beat of her heart.
Warm and soothing filling his floor.
His excitement peaking once more, the dancing began as always before.

His orgasm powerful each time,
How the feel of life on his tiles stimulated his mind.
Skipping in bare feet, 
In pools of love she watched him.
Her eyes never closed, though he knew her to be anew,
Her blushed cheeks and red painted lips bled their color for him.

"Oh my chosen one, a beauty you shall be,
spill milk into my  chamber,
shed no more tears for me,
for I have heard your plea,
I have answered your prayer."

He lay beside her,
Run his hand across her breast,
The stillness brought him a smile.
Now in a short time he told her, you will
Be complete, you will have earned your way
Into my inner room, to the shelf I have prepared for you.

                                                   ~Mortimer~
                                                     1989



Mortimer was fascinated by the small country church he often drove by there at night and stared at the church from the roadside he would always imagine the beauty inside the flowers and he could envision his bride preparing for him. She would do her best of course but she would need his guidance to truly be a beautiful, woman set aside for him.  She would wear the loveliest gown and a train of delicate lace would cover her hair. On this night Mortimer journeyed on his late night drive and when he approached the little country church he noticed a dim light burning inside. "Oh she is here, she is here at last!" Becoming very excited Mortimer shut the engine off parking to the back of the church well within the shadows. 

Pressing his face against the window peering inside he saw her and she was as lovely as he knew she would be. "I know you have called me here my beauty I heard you call for me," Mortimer was fascinated by her tears fully believing she shed them for him the longer he watched his dark haired beauty from the window the more pleasured he became at her vision. Unable to contain his excitement any longer and feeling a familiar arousal lowering his zipper and slowly touching himself never taking his eyes from her he stroked until his orgasm wetted his fingers and hand this overwhelming feeling consumed Mortimer's thoughts he believed he had tasted her. "Come to me" he whispers to no one in the darkness. He watched her rise to her feet and walk toward the door as the door opened and his beauty stepped into the night air he reached for her and her screams made him hard again.

Mortimer soothed his soon to be bride on their journey home, he told her of the beauty she would find there and the others he would share with her. "I will prepare for you and help you change for me it pleases me that this you want to do for me."  The tears spilling down her cheeks melted Mortimer's heart knowing how much she must care for him. When they arrived at the secluded home he carried her inside, taking her to her special room to wait for him. "Oh my beauty soon you will be as lovely as the others do not despair, leaning forward Mortimer bit deeply into the throat of his prize pleased with the sweetness of her blood. Assured now she was pure and had truly waited only for him satisfied he left her to savor the thought of becoming his bride. Mortimer prepared the ballroom once again for his bride, her sobs heard throughout the night made him more excited as he could here only that she cried to be with him. The music chosen the opera he adored he waited for the stroke of midnight excited as now the day had changed and he could marry.

Entering her room and feasting his eyes on her beauty once more aroused him.  
"I can't wait any longer" he told her. He reached for her delicate hands and led her from the room, he satin gown trailing behind her steps into the prepared chamber. Mortimer opened the large double doors along one wall revealing his prized shelf, "here the others will watch they will help you prepare." It was then she knew for sure tonight she would die.

Her gown became more read with each beat of her heart her pure ecstasy spilling warmly onto the floor. Unable to contain himself the dance began, he danced and sang for her knowing he was bringing pleasure to her. Mortimer's hand once more gripped his hardness the gift he was saving for her, his seed spilled onto the tile floor and he wept with his release this wonderful thing he has shared with her. Now skipping in bare feet once more the warmth soothing his skin. She watched as he danced in these pools of love. Her eyes never closed yet he knew she had been reborn for him, "no more tears my beauty, don't cry for me I have heard your pleas and answered your prayers now you will stay with me."

"Oh yes, I will lay with you." Mortimer took his place beside his bride in the crimson bed he made, "I shall spill more milk for you" he whispered in her ear. He placed his cream filled fingers upon her breast and the stillness brought him peace. "Now rest, and soon you will be as lovely as the others, you will be completed and will have earned your way upon my shelf, for now sweetness we shall rest as I am so tired."


To Be Continued…