 EDITOR:

MIRIAM BELLE

CREATIVE CONSULTANTS:

MIRIAM BELLE & SIMPLY_CYN

"TRACKS IN THE SNOW"

***

It didn't just snow.

The small city of Breystaff, along with the neighboring towns of Castleton Springs, Mt. Shasta and Weed, was blanketed with three feet of pure, virgin snow in a matter of eight hours. During the early morning hours of December 20th, Pacific Power reported that seven transformers had blown out from lines being pulled under the weight of the snow. Most of the people in Breystaff woke up to find their alarm clocks silent and their televisions dark.

The morning sun did little to penetrate the thick, roiling clouds hovering over the broad stretch of Siskiyou County. As the hour rolled to eight, only a third of the streets had been sufficiently plowed to allow access to downtown. All three plows under city contract had been running steadily since the storm started just after ten the night before, and the men behind the wheels of the monstrous machines were tired and weary, ready for their relief drivers.

Fortunately for Eve Walsh, one of the big trucks had already passed the Animal Hospital and she was able to carefully maneuver her chain-laden blue Celica to the partially buried clinic. The blade of the plow had created a large enough wedge in the burm of snow to allow her to park off the road. The parking lot and building had been transformed into an alien landscape, soft rolling hills of white subduing the architecture beneath. As she stood at the edge of the cut in the snow made by the plow blade, arms huddled to her body inside her thick black jacket, she wondered just how the hell she was supposed to get inside.

"I'll bet Cat ain't even here," she muttered, her breath curling from her lips.

She was about to get back in the car and drive home when a flicker of light caught her eye. Inside the window of the examination room one of the bright, white halogens flashed and then dimmed and then burned brightly in the morning haze. The muffled sounds of the power being restored to the electrical lines hummed and then fell into a barely audible thrum. She looked at her car and then back at the window where the lights were on.

"I know I shut those off when I left," she said out loud, the idea of trying to traverse the deep snow becoming more and more unappealing by the minute. She supposed she could have gone home and probably not had a problem with Catalina. After all, the entire town was snowed in. Eve had only gotten out of her driveway because her father had been one of the few with a tractor and scoop. In all likelihood, there would be no repercussions if she didn't show up.

But those lights... Eve sighed, angry at her obsessive nature. She remembered turning them off, specifically making sure to check them before she locked up the night before. And yet, here they were lighting a room with no one in it. Eve stepped towards her car, her boots crunching in the ice and snow and then stopped suddenly, her momentum still leaning to the vehicle.

"Damn it," she shook her head, "I'm not going in there."

She looked to the clinic.

"I said I'm not," she put her hands on her hips, "I'm going home. It's just a light."

She glanced down at the ground and sighed as the idea of that light being on picked at her brain. She kicked the wall of snow and realized she would be hip deep in the white stuff just to make it to the door. In the distance, she could hear the scraping of metal to pavement as the plows worked steadily a block away. 

"Son of a bitch," she breathed, "Fucking OCD..."

She waded through the snow, her thighs working in a dull protest as she pushed onward. She fell forward a few times, her hand outstretched to brace herself and then sinking into the snow. After five minutes of cursing and more hard work than she had planned on doing that day, she finally reached the door. The cold was bitter on her fingers as she slipped her gloves off and fumbled into the pocket of her jeans to fish the keys out.

"Fuck-a-doodle-doo," she hissed, her breath steaming around her.

Once inside, she closed the door and shook herself off. After tossing her jacket and gloves onto the chair behind the reception desk, Eve went to the bank of switches that controlled the lights. As she put her finger to the switch she heard voices coming from Cat's office. Her first instinct was primal and filled with anxiety. Someone was in the office already. Cat's car wasn't here, there was no way.

"Who the hell..." Eve walked quietly down the hallway, the heels of her boots squeaking quietly and yet loudly enough that a herd of elephants might as well have been passing by. She stopped by the door to her boss's office and found it slightly cracked open. Leaning close to the door frame, she peered in with one eye and was surprised to find Travis and Cat talking.

"Come on, you can tell me," Catalina smiled. 

"We did some stuff," Travis said as his face turned red.

"Like?"

"Eve would kill me if I kissed and told."

Eve tensed up. They were talking about her?

Now Catalina was truly curious. "You're telling me you two dated in high school for a year and nothing happened other than 'stuff'?"

"Some good stuff," Travis said with a smile. "We had sex, if that's what you're asking."

"You lost your virginity to her?"

Travis took a deep breath and let it out slowly, more than a little uncomfortable. "Yes I did."

"Naughty naughty..."

"Hey, she was my first real girlfriend. I'm glad it was her."

Eve found herself drifting back to her senior year in high school, when she had been the love of Travis Goldsmith's life. They had been a good match, both of them popular but not so popular that their relationship was gossip worthy. Like the first time Travis had entered her, their relationship had been exciting, wonderful, slightly painful and a perfect fit. Eve thought of that first tentative love making session that seemed frozen in time eons ago. She felt a pang of hurt rise up in her chest.

Catalina paused for a moment, "Was she good?"

"Yeah," Travis shrugged, "But it was our first time with anyone. So even if we were bad, how could we tell?"

Eve found herself smiling despite herself. She liked how he had said "we."

"What happened between you two? What caused the break up?"

"Why are we talking about this?" Travis laughed, "We should be talking about us."

"I'm curious."

Eve felt her heart sink at the mention of the break up, familiar wounds opening wide and searing her all over again. Guilt swept over her and she closed her eyes.

"We had a-" Travis paused, and then after a moment, "We had a falling out."

"Oh," Cat said, and then, "So, enough about that. How do I stack up against her?"

"Feeling insecure are we?" Travis laughed.

"No," Cat countered, "I'd just like to know how an old maid like me compares to a sex bomb like her."

Eve felt a sudden pang of jealously.

"I don't think comparing my first to my most recent is really fair," Travis said carefully, "But I will say you were amazing. Definitely the best I've ever had... and you're not an old maid."

Eve bit her lip and was surprised to find her face flushed red. She let go of the door frame and stepped back. She didn't want to hear anymore of this. She was angry at the conversation and confused at the fact it was even happening at all. She was about to walk away when Catalina asked Travis another question.

"Did she ever suck your cock, Travis?"

***

Catalina's heart was pounding in her chest as she tried to control her breathing. She didn't really know why she was asking Travis all these questions. Her mind was running a million miles an hour and her mouth was trying to keep up. She wanted to know she was the best he had ever had, and if there was anything she hadn't done good enough. She was surprised at her possessiveness over Travis, the feeling of ownership she was experiencing. She wanted to be everything to him. So she asked him again, "Did she ever suck your cock like I did last night?"

"This is turning you on, isn't it?"

"Yes," Cat breathed, "Tell me."

"Sometimes she would suck me off," Travis replied, "Other times she would use her hand on me until I came."

"Would she let you cum on her?" Catalina asked as her panties became deliciously damp.

"No," Travis discretely adjusted himself as he sat in the chair across from Cat's desk, "I don't think she was into that."

"So you never got to cum on her tits?" Catalina asked as her excitement mounted.

"No," Travis said, a blush rising to his cheeks and a swelling in his pants.

"Or her face?"

"No."

Cat licked her lips, "You just came all over yourself?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

The idea of cum all over Travis's bare chest and stomach, spurting out from his swollen member in thick globs that spattered on his fair skin was almost too much for her. She leaned back in her chair, "I can picture that..."

"I had no idea you were so kinky," he said.

"After last night you're surprised?"

Travis smiled.

Catalina's heart was beating so fast she was afraid she might pass out. It was time for relief, so she said, "You want to see kinky?"

Travis cocked his brow. "Sure."

"Show me your cock. I want to see you jerk off," Catalina struggled to keep her composure. She had never been this horny in her entire life.

"Right now?" Travis asked, "Isn't Eve coming in this morning?"

"She's always late," Cat smiled and leaned forward against her desk, "Now show me."

"You're serious?"

"Deadly." 

Travis's heart began to jack hammer in his chest as he slowly stood up and began to unbuckle his belt. The thought of being caught by Eve terrified him. All he needed was for people to find out he had fucked Cat. It wasn't that he cared what people thought, but if his parents found out they'd kill him. He unsnapped his jeans, turned and looked at the office door. It was partially cracked open. He asked, "You're sure?"

"Yes, Travis," Catalina smiled, her nipples growing hard in her bra.

With shaking hands he slowly pulled his zipper down. He could feel his penis straining against the fabric of his boxers and pants. He had never done anything like this before, and part of him was scared as hell. It was taboo, and so damned crazy. He reached into his boxer briefs and wrapped his hand around his hard shaft. He felt sweat break out on his brow as he looked to Cat. She brushed a strand of her hair away from her face and smiled expectantly

"Pull them down," Catalina said matter-of-factly. She became dimly aware that her sex had soaked through her panties and was leaving a warm wet spot on the seat of her chair. She watched intently as Travis slid his boxers down and revealed his penis to her once more. It was already thick and hard, pointing out and up towards her. The bulbous head was swollen and looked so inviting. Her eyes followed the lines of the veins throbbing on the shaft to the glistening head where a drop of precum oozed from the tip.

"Damn Travis," Catalina whispered, remembering what it was like to have his cock inside her. Travis stood there before her, his penis pulsing gently as his arousal became more and more undeniable. He watched Catalina's eyes as she ravenously focused on his private parts. He felt an incredible thrill race through him as he stood partially naked in front of her. 

"Stroke it," Cat said dreamily.

Slowly his hand reached up and grasped the shaft, his method and movements practiced over many countless sessions. His penis felt searing hot against his palm as his hand slid up and down the shaft. His thighs touched the edge of her oak desk as he worked his cock, the bubble of precum now becoming so heavy that it began to drip down his shaft and then hang precariously off his dick in a silvery stretch.

He grunted a little as he masturbated for his new lover.

"Fuck yes baby," she said huskily, her eyes lustily burning into him.

Travis continued to move his hand up and down as their eyes locked. The precum dripped down to her desktop and the strand broke, making a small droplet.

"Yes," Catalina breathed as she wiped up the precum with her index finger and then tasted it.

"I can't believe I'm doing this," Travis breathed, his erection now steeled and painfully engorged. He looked to swells of her breasts, encased in her evening dress from the night before. Her tits jiggled in the cups of her bra as she leaned forward.

"I can believe it," Catalina saw where Travis's eyes were focused and knew what she had to do. Her eyes not leaving his once, she pulled the straps of her dress and bra down as he jerked his member. Travis's mouth opened, sucking in air as she toyed with him, pulling the cups of her bra down a little. 

"Oh God," Travis moaned, now fighting desperately to hold back his climax. He held his breath as Catalina eyed him, reaching for the clasp between her milky heaving breasts.

"You want to see my tits, Travis?" Catalina bit her lip and moved her eyes back to Travis's hand now moving rapidly up and down his penis. 

"Yes," Travis held his breath as he watched her fingers frozen on the clasp. With one deft move, she unlocked the clasp and the cups fell free, releasing her breasts. She pulled them away and revealed her rigid nipples and the full weight of her tits. She cupped them and squeezed them together, her fingers pinching together around her erected nipples.

"Are you getting close?"

Travis could barely speak as a familiar sensation formed, electrifying his balls, cock and anus. He tingled as his body sparked and readied itself for the impending orgasm. He could only nod to her.

"I want to see you cum," she whispered and pulled at her nipples, "I want to see it explode from your cock..."

'Shit,' Travis bit his lip as his cock hardened even more against his sweaty palm.

"I want your cum Travis," she whispered, encouraging him, "Give it to me..."

"Oh God," he managed through gritted teeth, "Cat I'm close..."

"Yes..."

"Oh fuck!" Travis cried out as his mind went white and his hips bucked. The semen roared through him and ejaculated from his convulsing member in hard, long spurts that rocketed across the desk. The first spurt splattered against Cat's tits, surprising her. She looked down and marveled at the heat of Travis's cum. She looked and saw puddles of cum across her paperwork and desk top, white and glistening in the cool morning light. She looked to Travis, who had his head thrown back, the veins in his neck bulging and his fist closed tight around his cock. Travis braced himself against the desk with hands that shook, a thin quivering rope of cum stretching from his cock head to the desk.

Catalina looked down at the cum rolling down her left tit, slowly oozing over her nipple. She shivered with delight. With one finger, she smeared the liquid over her rosy aerola and savored the sensation, the scent of his spunk. She wanted him badly now, she wanted feel the cum sliding between their naked bodies. She was about to jump across the desk and attack him, tear his clothes off and make him all her own when she heard something in the hallway.

Travis looked at the doorway and then at her.

"Eve?" he whispered.

Cat pulled her bra and dress back up, "Quick!"

***

Eve hurried back to the reception desk and quickly composed herself. She felt shocked and confused, lost even. What she had seen had turned her on to no end, but at the same time she felt so fucking jealous that she thought she might cry. Eve breathed deep and ran her hand through her cropped blonde hair. Why should she be jealous? Things with Travis ended a long time ago, and she hadn't really thought of him as more than a friend since he went to college.

"Easy girl," she whispered to herself as tears burned her eyes, "Get a grip."

There was rustling in the hallway.

Eve found her voice and put on her receptionists face, the façade that allowed her to meet and greet anyone and everyone who walked through the door of the clinic with a smile no matter bad she might feel to the contrary. She forced the maelstrom of emotions away from her and embraced a forced ignorance as she called out, "Hello? Dr. Hughes?"

There was a moment of silence, and then from the office, "Yes Eve? I'm here."

"Cool cool," she called back and sat down at her desk, "You're here early."

The door to the office opened and she could hear footsteps, "Yes, well, it's a funny story..."

'Funny my ass,' she thought bitterly, and then reminded herself, 'But you did encourage her to pursue Travis, didn't you Eve? Didn't you set this shit up?'

"Oh?" Eve forced a genial smile on her face as Cat walked out, dressed in her lab coat and hair pulled back tight. Travis followed behind, a small distance between them. His face was flushed and she couldn't help but notice the bulge in his jeans. Eve quickly looked away and then at his face. She said, "And what are you doing here so early, mister?"

"Oh, I got snowed in," he smiled nervously. Travis was many things, but a good liar was not one of them. He looked about as guilty as a man could without being convicted. But why should he? He no longer belonged to Eve any more than she belonged to him. They hadn't been anything more than friends since high school, since they broke up.

"I see," she winked devilishly, "You both got snowed in?"

"Travis was kind enough to give me a ride home, but the weather got the better of us," Cat said casually and picked up the charts off Eve's desk. She adjusted her glasses and said, "I'm surprised you're here this morning. If ever there was a snow day, this is it."

"Well you know me, doc," she turned her chair towards the computer monitor and flicked it on, "Work, work, work..."

There was an awkward silence that followed her words. Eve's mind wandered to a thousand different places as her eyes rested on the monitor. Why hadn't she seen Travis's truck? It must have been parked around back. She wondered if Travis had bit Cat's shoulders and neck last night as they fucked? He always did whenever he had been having sex with her. Her mind recalled the memories of his body against hers, the feeling of lips against her skin and the sensations of him suckling on her nipples and the torturous pleasures of his teasing her sex with his tongue. Had he done all those things for Cat last night?

"Well," Travis said, breaking her train of thought, "I better get rolling. Mom and Dad are probably worried as it is."

"Alright," Cat said, "Well, thank you again for driving me last night."

Eve quietly rolled her eyes at the innuendo.

"No worries," Travis said, and then to Eve, "Catch ya later?"

"Sure thing, Travis."

"Okay then," he nodded and touched Cat's hand, "I'll see you later then."

Once Travis was gone, Eve spun around in her chair and smiled at Cat. The doctor looked at her innocently. "What?"

"Uh huh," she smiled playfully, but inside her heart was breaking.

"What?" Cat laughed.

"So?"

"So?" Cat smiled.

Eve looked at her, cocked one brow and said, "Tell me everything."

Cat looked to the charts she held in her hand, "There's nothing to tell."

"Liar," she stood up and leaned against the desk, playing her 'pert and perky' act to the hilt, "Come on doc..."

Cat breathed deeply and then looked at her assistant. After a moment, she grinned broadly and said, "Nothing, I swear."

"Right," Eve nodded sarcastically.

"Seriously."

"Okay," Eve said and sat back down in her chair, "But next time, you should close your door all the way."

Cat froze and then looked at her with wide eyes.

Even graced her with a wise half-smile.

"You saw that?"

"Yep."

Cat blinked, "I don't know what to say."

"Start at the beginning," Eve said, even though every fiber of her being wanted nothing more than to pretend she had never seen anything happen at all.
