 A note from the authoress:

Hi. Recently, I came across a book at a local shop. Upon opening it I realized that it was filled to the spine with erotic thrillers and mysteries. The owner of the shop informed me that it was not for sale, and that I was free to purchase any of the other creepy items she had. The stories were so compelling…and being the erotic literature fan that I am; I decided that I had to have it. That night, when no one was looking…I snatched the book and made off with it! But reading the stories now…I'm starting to see them as some sort of memoir…and I'm starting to think that maybe they aren't just fiction. The owner of the shop has vowed to find the person that stole her book and take her revenge…if you see her, don't tell her about this! You'll know her when you see her…she wears a little black sheath dress with a large, expansive spider-like collar. She also has extremely big boobs. I know she's getting close. I've decided to expose her secrets, just in case she finds me, and that's where you come in. But before you read on I must warn you of three things: First, these tellings are not for the faint of heart. What you read may disturb you; it may even alter your perceptions on a few things, and these things can be anything from your greatest pleasures to your worst fears. Next, understand that I did not write these. Although it is implied an author is never stated, and no one has claimed these writings as of yet. Finally, and this one is crucial -- if you can't stomach, stand the sight of, or even bear to read about big…BOUNCY…BLOUSE-BUSTING BREASTS…then I suggest you walk away. These stories are intended for big boob enthusiasts, so if you like small breasts then this is not going to interest you. Madame Pumpkins won't stop until I've been silenced…permanently. So if you're ready, then it's time to take part in my little game. Are you ready to play? Oh! I probably should mention one last thing: my girlfriends say I've become obsessed. They think I'm losing my mind. But the truth is…the truth is…I've only just discovered it.

An excerpt from the Book of Booobs:

Greetings, my Darlings! Madame Pumpkins here, wishing you a very Happy Halloween from my frightful little House of Hooters! Tonight's tale is of the art of growing up. Personal growth is something we all must go through, but sometimes it takes a little bit of "growing down" to realize the truth…

"Johnny…faster! Johnny…oh yeah Johnny Faster! Johnny Faster!"

Christine screamed at the top of her lungs as she had sex for the third time in her entire life. All three times had been with the boy she was with now…Johnny Faster, a guy in his early twenties that had had no real ambition in life until she came along.

She and Johnny had known each other for a while. A few weeks ago, on her eighteenth birthday, it had been Johnny who had taken her virginity. She'd managed to keep him around before then by going down on him and using her skilled mouth (she'd given him an upwards of thirty blowjobs, so she knew exactly what she was doing now). 

She stared down at the sexy guy she was bouncing on top of. He had jet black hair, although he kept it extremely short as most guys did. He usually spiked it with some styling gel, and she thought that said a lot to his character. His chiseled body was the object of affection for many a girl…the stories told about Johnny and his amazing body were almost hard to believe. 

But she had changed all that. Johnny was now a one-woman man, and she was damn proud of that fact.

"Oh!" she screamed. "Oh….OH OHH YEAAAHH! YES! YES!"

She moaned as Johnny's hard member was thrust deep into her one final time. She could feel every detail of his cock…every vein and every throb as her tight walls were enclosed around it. When it was over, she rolled over and cuddled up next to him.

"I love you." She said, kissing him on the cheek.

Johnny looked at the small, petite brunette in his arms. She was so slender and young…

He didn't exactly know what it was they were doing. Unbeknownst to Christine, his habits of sleeping with women had not changed. Sometimes, he thought she was in denial about it. She had to know that he was sleeping with women left and right, it was obvious! Still, there were times when he was absolutely genuine with her.

At first, he'd begun to think that he was actually in love with her. When he'd told her that, he hadn't exactly been lying. But now he was slowly realizing the truth. He was bored. He had nailed every woman in town and had now been reduced to banging this 18 yr old high school girl because he was bored.

But she did have a good mouth. She'd been giving him the best blowjobs of his life since she was sixteen. In fact…

"What do you say to a blowjob?" he asked, looking into her eyes.

Christine looked back at him and realized he was serious.

"I can't." she said. "Richie's going to come by any minute now."

"Right." Jonny said.

Richie was her boyfriend. He and Richie were acquainted, but he wouldn't exactly say they were friends. Johnny had "stolen" her away from him some 2 years ago, and the two of them had managed to keep it a secret. 

He didn't mind. Christine was a very religious girl. And he wasn't exactly a model citizen. He wreaked havoc on a daily basis playing guitar in his band. That was one of the things that attracted Christine in the first place. She had been bored with Richie and his "good" life. Richie would make a terrific husband, he would provide for her and make her future secure, but he didn't offer her much else. Johnny gave her what Richie couldn't.

As Johnny got up off the bed and began putting his clothes on he began to think of the other reason he had been in a slump: there were no breasts in town. The biggest pair he had seen was probably a C cup…and he had seen most every pair in town. If only Christine had bigger boobs…

The sun was just now setting as he finally left her house. Richie would show up any minute, so it was time to skedaddle. As he drove off into the night he began contemplating when he had become such a boob man. He couldn't pinpoint when exactly, but he figured that was why he had gotten so good at "playing the game." Every time he had ever come on to a woman or tried to bed her it was because he was hoping to accidentally stumble across a pair of massive funbags. Unfortunately, they were never fun.

As he made his way downtown a new shop caught his eye. He had never seen it before, and it wasn't hard to see why. It was ridiculously small, and it sat between two rather large buildings almost as if they were squeezing it. He parked his car and read the sign above the door: Madame Pumpkin's House of Hooters. Intrigued, he got down and went inside.

He was greeted with an array of porn magazines and movies, all featuring busty women. Throughout the store there were various items such as books, toys, undergarments, etc. The store was lit poorly, but it didn't need to be lit well as there were all sorts of gadgets that lit up and caught your eye. There was a woman in a black dress fixing something on the wall behind the counter, directly in front of him. He made his way to the counter and approached the woman.

"Hi." He said. 

The woman turned around, and Johnny was immediately met with the biggest pair of boobs he had ever seen. The woman's sheath dress made her rack jut out impossibly, and it also slimmed down her already slender body. She had a perfect hourglass figure, except up top where her chest was significantly bigger than her bottom. Her huge jugs were so massive that Johnny didn't even notice the huge, expansive collar around her neck.

"Hello." The woman said. "I've been expecting you."

"You have?" Johnny asked, looking at the woman's face for the first time.

She had long, dark hair which hung down to the swell of her back. Her bangs added a feel of mystery to her aura. Johnny hadn't noticed while he had been staring at her tits, but her entire body, including her face, was pale white.

"Yes." The woman said. "I am Madame Pumpkins."

Johnny looked at the woman, disbelieving. He was almost frightened by her. He was reminded of an old movie he once saw where a sexy, female vampire drank the blood of her victims. But all these thoughts left his mind when he gazed at her huge…

"Pumpkins?" he said. "I'm a pumpkin man myself."

He gestured down to her huge rack with his eyes. He guessed them to be about a DD.

Madame Pumpkins smiled at him.

"Yes." She said. "I'm quite aware of your sexual prowess, Johnny."

Johnny looked her in the eyes.

"How did you know my name?"

"I know much about you." The woman said. "For instance…"

She turned around and reached at the wall.

"I know that this item may be of particular interest to you." She said.

She was holding a black guitar that looked like it belonged in a metal band, it was almost demonic. This didn't surprise Johnny, as Madame Pumpkins herself was bordering on that term. He had seen Goth girls before, but he had never known a Goth woman; nor to have breasts as big as Madame Pumpkins. She had to be in her late 30s…

"Whoa!" Johnny said, staring at the guitar. "That's a cool looking guitar."

Madame Pumpkins handed the guitar to him over the counter. Johnny immediately grabbed it and began examining it. 

"That guitar belonged to the famous guitarist Robbie Johns." Madame Pumpkins said. "They say he made a deal with the devil to get it."

"Really?" Johnny asked.

He looked around and found an amplifier not too far from the counter. He plugged the guitar in and began tuning it.

"Yes." Madame Pumpkins said. "But I've made a few…changes…to it."

Johnny began playing the guitar, and the sound that came out was unlike any he'd ever heard. It was relaxing, but it also excited you in a vigorous way. His fingers strummed the guitar so naturally, and when he finally stopped he felt like he had to take a deep breath. 

He stared back at Madame Pumpkins as his fingers strummed the strings, nonchalantly. As the strings vibrated and produced sound, Madame Pumpkins' breasts began to jiggle underneath her top. He locked eyes with Madame Pumpkins…and she smiled at him.

Johnny began playing the guitar as fast as he could. His fingers mashed the strings to the best of his ability. Madame Pumpkins' breasts began to bounce uncontrollably, and before long something amazing happened: Johnny saw her breasts swell underneath her dress. Soon they were the size of an E cup.

Johnny continued to play non-stop as he watched Madame Pumpkins' already large boobs growing even bigger. Her bust stretched the top of her dress so that they ripped the fabric apart. She had to lean down because their weight was trying on her back. When they got to the size of EE they spilled out and hit the glass counter with a loud THUD, causing the glass to crack. 

He stopped playing and stared at the huge pair of melons sitting atop the glass counter. The glass must have been cold on her sensitive breasts, because her nipples were hard as diamond. Johnny put the guitar down and walked over. 

"Oh…my…." He said in disbelief.

"I told you you'd like it." 

Johnny stared at her tits like he was possessed.

"Damn right I do…" he said. "How did I do that?"

Madame Pumpkins walked around the counter, closely followed by Johnny's hungry eyes. When she got to him, she reached out and took the guitar from his grasp.

"It doesn't happen with everyone." She said. "Only a true tit-man can harness this power."

She took the guitar and guided the neck up to her chest. She forced the neck into her cleavage, and Johnny was amazed at how her beautiful, pale boobs swallowed it whole. Her titflesh overlapped the guitar completely; not a single string could be seen from between her huge jugs.

She smiled at Johnny as she gently nudged the guitar up and down between her boobs.

"Fuck!" Johnny said.

He walked over to her and put both hands on her huge melons. He squeezed them and felt their warmth filling his palms. They were so soft and supple…

"Damn these hooters are nice!" he said.

Madame Pumpkins simply smiled as Johnny played with her massive tits.

Johnny pulled the guitar out from her cleavage and hurriedly began unbuckling his belt. As he got his pants down with one hand he shoved Madame Pumpkins down with the other. With one hand on her shoulder he managed to pull his aching cock out with his other hand…and his full 12 inches of man meat was finally set free.

As soon as it was out he grabbed it and began beating the tops of her breasts with it as if he were playing softball with his giant bat. Then he immediately forced it between her massive breasts and began sliding it in and out of her huge tits. 

Madame Pumpkins simply looked up at him and smiled without saying a single word.

"Shit!" Johnny moaned. "Hold those titties around my cock, slut!"

Madame Pumpkins did as she was told and trapped his dick in between her massive breasts. Johnny grinned as the busty Gothic babe did as he told her to.

He was pumping his dick through her cleavage at a fast pace. Her huge melons bounced and jiggled as he bucked his hips and humped her hooters. The head of his cock was jutting out from her cleavage and hitting her in the chin. 

"Fuck yes…" he moaned as the head of his cock hit her chin. He brought it down do her massive breasts and kept it buried between them for a few seconds before sliding his full length through again. "Look at those big ass titties bouncing on my hard dick…"

Madame Pumpkins looked down at his cock penetrating her tits. The head came up and barely missed her eye. She looked back up at Johnny and smiled.

"Mega-mammed slut…" he moaned. "Madame Pumpkins…big, juicy pumpkins…bouncing on my hard cock, fuck yeah! Do you like having your big pumpkins fucked, Madame Pumpkins?!"

Madame Pumpkins only smiled up at him.

"Fuck yes!" Johnny moaned. "I'm gonna cum all over these mega-mamms!" 

He felt his orgasm building, and he didn't even try to hold on. He let go, and his cock erupted from the top of Madame Pumpkins' huge chest. Her face and rack were rained on as Johnny's cock shot stream after stream of hot, sticky jizz into the air from between her huge hooters. When he was done, Johnny pulled his dick out from between her drenched melons and backed away to look at his handy work.

Madame Pumpkins stood up, her face and chest drenched in cum. She licked her lips and swallowed what she could before returning behind her counter.

"The guitar is yours, if you want it." She said.

Johnny leaned back, trying to catch his breath.

"How much?" he asked as he stroked his spent cock.

"Nothing." The Goth woman said. "It's free of charge."

"Ah hell yeah!" Johnny said, pulling his pants up and grabbing the guitar.

"But I must warn you…" Madame Pumpkins said. "The more you use…the more you will lose."

"Whatever." Johnny said, walking towards the door. "I'll be back to sample those big ass pumpkins of yours later, babe." 

Then he left the store, grinning.

Madame Pumpkins stood behind the counter, smiling at her newly acquired EEs. She jiggled them around from side to side, and then let them rest atop her huge chest.

"Sure you will." She said.

* * * * * * * * * *

Johnny's band was doing great. They had attracted a whole new audience, even though they had not changed a thing. The only thing that seemed to have changed was the fact that Johnny had a new guitar. 

All of the new fans were female. Each one of them said that there was something strange about the music, something that they couldn't quite put their finger on. 

Johnny smiled to himself from up on stage. Tonight was the last night he would be here. His band had just signed to a major record label, and they were flying out to record an album the next day. 

In the crowd he could see Christine with her boyfriend, Richie. Johnny had been using the power of his new guitar to bed busty babes every night for the past few weeks. Tonight, he was going to ask Christine to come with him so that they could start a new life together. He was sure she would say yes, as she had no problem leaving that prude Richie behind.

Across the room, he saw two girls thrashing their heads to the music. They were very pretty, and they had serious three-way potential, but they lacked certain…female qualities in the chest area. He knew exactly how to fix that.

When the show was over he retired to the one of the club's break rooms, where he began changing. Shortly after he began he heard a knock at the door. He opened it and saw that it was those two girls he saw from the stage.

One had brown, wavy hair. She had a sweet curious face with big brown eyes that said she was young and inexperienced. The other was blonde and had perfectly straight hair. She had small blue eyes that said she was just here because her friend was here. But Johnny could tell that she had enjoyed the concert.

"Hi!" the brunette said. "We liked your music."

Johnny opened the door completely and allowed them entrance.

"Thanks." He said, closing the door behind them.

"I'm Mandy." The brunette said.

"Hey, Mandy." Johnny said. "You can call me Johnny."

He looked over at the blonde.

"And you are…"

The blonde rolled her eyes.

"Julie." She said.

"Cool." Johnny answered. "Nice to meet ya."

"So…" Mandy said. "Is it true…that you've got…"

Johnny strained his ears trying to make out what she was trying to say as she stuttered.

"You know…" Mandy continued. "About your…"

She gestured with her eyes down to his crotch.

"She wants to know if you've got a fool long dick." Julie finished.

Johnny laughed awkwardly.

"Well, yeah it is." He said. "You girls are very straightforward."

Mandy's eyes lit up with excitement. She took a long, lock of hair and brought it to the front of her face as though she were trying to hide behind it. 

"I just love guys who play the guitar…" she said, licking her lips.

Johnny looked at Julie, who had her arms crossed across her small breasts. She had a look of boredom on her eyes.

"Is that so?" Johnny said, plugging in his guitar. "Well, would you girls like a private show?"

"OMG I'd love that!" Mandy said, bouncing up and down with excitement.

Julie now uncrossed her arms and stepped forward, almost eagerly. The look of boredom on her face was gone, and in its place was a look of slight interest.

Johnny sat down on his amplifier and began playing a melodic tune.

The girls closed their eyes and swayed their bodies to the music, as though it were flowing through them. Johnny eyed their chests and began playing a little faster. The girls began turning their heads from side to side, tossing their hair to and fro and into each other's faces. Their eyes shut tight; they slowly gave into the music.

Johnny watched as each girl's rack began to swell and enlarge before his eyes. As their boobs grew to a solid D cup, his cock grew to greater length. Their breasts continued to grow, like two pairs of big balloons that were being blown bigger and bigger. 

When Johnny finally stopped playing, their chests were at a solid DD. The two girls stopped, their eyes still shut as though they were recovering from an orgasm. Their hair was covering their faces, but it could no longer cover their chests as it had been able a few minutes ago. 

Mandy opened her eyes and immediately saw that she could not see her toes; her chest was simply too large. She glanced over at her friend and saw that her rack had grown bigger as well. Julie was breathing the heaviest; she seemed to have enjoyed the music more. She opened her eyes and was greeted by the sight of her new boobs, and an irresistible smile was spread across her face. She looked over at her friend, and her smile caught on. Both she and Mandy began giggling girlishly as each girl looked from her own massive rack to the other.
