 The beating of the music pounded in time with my heart. I couldn't tell you who was playing. Some young rock group, pouring their hearts into music that no one was really paying much attention to. The smoke from cigarettes, legal and not so legal filled my nostrils and clouded my vision. It was your typical crowded bar scene. Loud and annoying, the perfect place for me to be.

I leaned up against the bar, watching the bartender cheat the drunk or high customers, a very aggressive young entrepreneur, he should go far, assuming that he didn't cheat the wrong customer. I had to chuckle at that. I listened in on snippets of conversations. I heard young couples flirting, business deals from the hit of weed all the way up to the promise of 'very' enjoyable companionship. This was Satan's place, and I was able to blend in perfectly.

Without turning around, I knew she was there. I could smell the fragrance of her perfume. I could hear the footfalls she made as she approached the bar. I knew much about her. Her favorite drink, what she smoked. I knew what she liked for breakfast. I felt as if I had known her for years, but I had never before met her.

No, my dear friend, I did not stalk this young woman. Well, I guess I did, but not for the reasons you may think. I did not lust for the curves of her body, sumptuous as they may be. Her skin soft to the touch, held no allure for me. I had to admit that she was desirable to look at, and many a man would gladly go home with this young blonde. Dressed in her tight outfit that was designed to attract men, to tease them with views of her flesh. To entice and frustrate. Yes, any man would find her a tasty morsel.

So did I. However, not for the same reasons.

She was my prey. I was here in Satan's place, and I hunted his children. And tonight this young woman would be mine to dine on. Though, she came to hunt for male companionship, tonight, she was the hunted. I thirsted for blood as I had done so for to long. Last, I had feasted on her friend. And, through him, I knew her. Soon, I would feast on her.

I felt her presence as she neared me. In my mind, I tracked her movements. As she stopped for small talk with friends, I guessed what she talked about. I listened as she flirted with one guy or another. As she made her way closer to the bar, I could feel my hunger grow. Soon I would be satisfied of my cravings and could go back to my normal self for a while longer. Till the cravings came back. Till, once again I had to reenter Satan's place and hunt his minions.

Once I again, I had to curse the one that made me this way. But now was not the time to dwell on such things.

She made her way to the bar. There was a bit of space between us, she made a quick glance at me and looked me over. I caught a inviting smile before she turned to the bartender.

The bartender, apparently in a rage of hormones made his way over to take her order. Now was the time for me to begin to snare my trap. I spoke up before she could.

"Vodka, barkeep. For the lady," I said, she looked momentarily amused and surprised. "And, a bit of apple juice for taste."

She went from amused to surprised, "I'm impressed."

I held up my drink, the same drink. "Just recognize someone with selective taste."

I could tell that I had her attention, at least for the moment.

"So Kristie," I continued, "Enjoy your drink."

I could see that the amusement had quickly become fear. Her body language became one of a trapped animal. I could actually see that her heart was beating faster, and that the blood I craved move faster. I fought the urge to lick my lips. 

"Do I know you?" she asked with more than a hint of fear in her voice

"No." was my only reply. Sometimes I felt the overwhelming urge to play with my food.

Her eyes narrowed, "Then how do you...?" she stammered. Then trying to regain her composure, "Mind reading?"

I commented, "I am a friend of Morris'."

I could see her visibly relax. She held out her hand, "And you are?"

I took it and pressed my lips to it. Never once not maintaining eye contact, "They call me Mackenzie."

I smiled, "Friends call me Mac."

She looked at me and took a long drag of her cigarette. Playfully she said, "And what do I call you?" 

"Anything you wish." I then went on, "Hopefully, soon your dance partner."

She smiled and we walked off to the dance floor. The music had a definite techno sound to it now. The floor was crowded. I had to control myself, near all those warm bodies, with that delicious blood, just under the skin. All I had to do is reach out .....

I snapped myself back to attention as we started to dance. At least, what passed as dancing in this club in this day. Our bodies moved against each other in time to the music. As she turned her back to me, I drew her near me and my hands slowly made their way to her hips. My lips softly nibbling on her ear, then slowly down her neck to the spot where neck meets shoulder. Despite the noise of the club and her dancing, I could hear a soft moan escape her lips.

After a few minutes of this she turned around and gave me a kiss which I returned. She smiled seductively and took me by the hand and led me off the dance floor. I thought that we would be leaving now, but I was surprised when she led me to a door far to the back of the club.

We went down a dark passage way, that had several openings where I could see smaller private rooms. I could catch the odd glimpse here or there and people in those dimly lit rooms. What they where doing was in the realms of the observer's perverse imagination.

Finally, we reached an open room, and before we ducked in she turned and put her arms around me. We shared a passionate kiss as she ran her hands over my body. I trembled in anticipation as she did this. Close, I thought, so close.

Once inside, I took a quick survey of the room. The room bathed in a dim blue light was sparsely furnished. A large couch with a easy chair took up on side. The center had a sort of coffee table. We made our way to the couch, kissing and caressing each other.

By now, I was being driven mad with my needs. I could feel her pulse just below her skin. I could feel the warmth of her body and taste her skin. My hands were all over her body, touching, molding themselves to her. I could feel her growing arousal.

By now, I had her shirt removed and pushed aside her bra. My hands and lips quickly moved to caress and kiss the newly exposed skin. She started rocking in my lap, her hands holding the back of my head trying desperately to push my head closer. 

She stood suddenly, smiled and turned as she started to unbutton her pants. I was up in a flash and my arms encircled her, cupping her breasts. She moaned as my lips found their way to just below her ear. She moaned in pleasure, but that quickly became a moan of pain as my teeth sunk into her skin and I began to drink.

I could feel her squirm in the agony and ecstasy of the moment, her desperate attempts to escape. Attempts that I noticed where getting weaker and weaker as her life force drained into me, finally ceasing all together. I held her closer as she went limp in my arms. I sobbed quietly in both satisfaction and despair. I held my breath and in a quick moment grabbed her neck and head and twisted till I heard the snap of he neck and certain death.

I said a silent prayer for her as I exited the room and melted into the crowd, and finally left the club. I rushed for my home.

------------------------------------------------

Finally, I laid there in my bed drenched with sweat as a replay of the nights events played out in my mind. Every smell and sound down to the last detail. It was then that it hit me. Her memories. A curse I carried, as well as a blessing. The memories of my victims were always swept up in the blood I drank. Within in a few maddening minutes, I lived her life. The pain, the anguish, the love and the highs; all now stored in my mind. To be used to find my next victim. 

Once again I found myself staring at the ceiling in anger, cursing a invisible god that did not answer me. For the millionth time, I vowed my vengeance on he that had made me what I am. I cursed him, and what he had made me..

"You okay in there" a voice called out.

I looked at the door startled out of my lament. "I'm okay Mrs. Rigby," I replied, "just a nightmare."

I heard he reply, "Oh, well I'll be downstairs."

I looked over at the clock and noted it was a little before six AM. I drug myself out of bed and made my way to the shower. Maybe a good, hot shower. Soon I felt the stress melt away under the steam and heat of the water.

Minutes later, I was dressed again and heading down the stairs. I ran into the kindly old matron, Mrs. Rigby in the kitchen. I grabbed an apple from the table as I made my way to the door.

"No breakfast, this mornin'?" she asked in a motherly voice. I stopped and gave the old woman a peck on the cheek.

"Not hungry. I had something earlier" I replied. I went on, "I'll be working late tonight."

I could see the disapproving look she shot me, "Glory be," she said, "You'll work yourself into the grave if you keep these hours!"

I had a big smile at the thought. If only, I thought, if only.

"Have a good day, Mrs. Rigby," I said reaching for the door knob.

"You too Father Mackenzie." I heard as I shut the door behind me.