 It was the longest 10 minutes of his life...

Author's note (not part of word count): this is my submission for the 750 Word Project, wherein we try to write a complete story in exactly 750 words, the minimum allowed for posting on Lit. This is necessarily very tongue-in-cheek. Although frivolous, please vote and comment. It is how I know how well I am doing. Thanks...

* * * * *

The ticking of the big old grandfather clock echoed like a dirge down the dusty hallway. Allegedly, the house hadn't been occupied for decades, ever since the grisly murder-suicide which led to the rumors of it being haunted by one Elsie McNichols, the victim of uxoricide by her jealous husband. So how the clock stayed wound was just one more mystery of the house.

Rodney Berns, usually called Rod, was a paranormal investigator determined to find the reason for the long list of disappearances and psychiatric commitments associated with the house.

Which is why, at slightly after midnight, he was exploring the house, armed with all the current paranormal detection gear he could acquire, moving from room to room, looking for some kind of hit.

He found it. But it wasn't at all what he expected.

Easing into what had once been the kitchen, he was startled to find a man in jeans and a t-shirt rummaging through the refrigerator. Not the nebulous post-mortem apparition he would have expected. The only thing weird about this guy was, he was transparent.

"Damn... I get so thirsty after a blowjob!" he commented as he turned to face Rod. "But there's never anything to drink around here. They've even shut off the damned water!"

"Uh..." Rod temporized as he tried to avoid a severe laundry problem. "Who are you?"

"Danny," the guy shrugged. "C'mon... you may as well meet the bitch..." Without even asking Rod's name, the... ghost?... drifted away towards a stairway, pushing the refrigerator door shut on the way.

Well, that explains the clock, Rod thought as he followed along, his gear forgotten in the kitchen where he'd dropped it. Um... what bitch?

His question was answered when he reached the top of the stairs and discovered a large room off to the right, with several dozen transparent people milling around an alabaster-white naked human woman, about 7' tall, with a wolf's head, sitting on the edge of a huge canopied bed.

Oh. That bitch... he thought. That's when she spied him, smiled a wolfey smile and beckoned him to her.

"Hello," she greeted him in perfect human speech as he felt compelled to approach. "I'm Elsie. Who are you?"

"Uh, Rod..." he stammered, suddenly fascinated by her perfectly white skin, her enormous tits, huge nipples and perfectly smooth pussy. Looking at them, he didn't have to look at her fangs. He did, however, have to rearrange his growing erection. "Rodney Berns, paranormal explorer..."

"Hmmm..." she smiled, noticing his attention to her body. "Would like to explore my paranormal?" she asked as she spread her legs slightly, revealing her shiny smooth sex. Was the bear Catholic? Did the Pope... of course, he wanted to go down on her. He couldn't tell you why, but he certainly did.

He eased forward and knelt between her marble-white thighs, which she spread willingly. There was the slightest scent of honey as he leaned forward, taking a long lick from her anus to her clit. There was a taste of honey, too.

"Mmm," she murmured. "You do know what you're doing, Rodney... would you please make me cum?"

Right then, there was nothing he wanted to do more. He turned his attention to doing just that, sucking, licking, fingering her nethers the best he knew how, and his best was getting results. All of the weirdness faded in the background as he became entranced with this strange woman's sexuality. Her moans and mewls grew until she finally threw her wolf's head back and howled as she came, clamping down hard on his fingers and face as she pulsed, her orgasm nearly taking him over the edge.

As she calmed, he summoned the courage to ask her why she had a wolf's head.

"A present from Wepwawet, when he let me remain here and wreak my vengeance," she sighed. "My husband killed me because I worshipped the ancient gods... did you know? Oh!... and it's my turn."

She moved swiftly to drop his pants and sit him on the bed in her place, taking his, between his legs and leaning forward to begin a soft licking and sucking that although terrified, he could not resist. He felt close to unconsciousness as his entire being concentrated in his cock and what she was doing to it. The lightheadedness persisted until with a cry into the cosmos, he came in one gigantic explosion.

When he awoke, he realized he was still dizzy and very thirsty. And very transparent.