 Agnes sat on the old couch drinking cheap beer from the boring plastic red cup. Michelle was setting up red candles everywhere around the chalk circle with the odd arcane symbols she found in some spell book that she got from their last trip to Baton Rouge. They set up in one the abandoned grand houses in Paradise Falls, their hometown, that was once a sight to behold in the golden days of slavery. It was once a plantation but the crops stopped growing and slavery was abolished so the family had to up and move. It's been sitting there ever since, rotting and decaying while others waited for it to dissolve into dust. 

"I don't know why I agreed to do this," Agnes groaned. 

"Because it's going to be fun," Michelle assured her. 

"I'm never getting drunk with you again," Agnes moaned. "You convince me to do weird stuff when I get drunk." 

"You know I'm a better kisser than Beau," Michelle joked. Agnes laughed too. They did make out once. Twice... Mostly it was on a dare by Beau. Why Agnes wanted him so much she had no idea. It wasn't as if he ever acknowledged her in public. Even during high school they had to sneak around because she wasn't that high on the school totem pole. Small town Football star now engaged to head cheer leader Vesta Gerard. That blond bitch with the perky breasts and the smug attitude. 

"You're breasts are way better than Vesta's," Michelle said. She could always read Agnes's thoughts. Agnes by contrast had fair skin, long dark brown hair and big indigo eyes. Michelle was African-American. One of the few who still lived in Paradise Falls since the Civil Rights movement. Beautiful compared to Agnes in her opinion. Unlike Agnes, Michelle's eyes were bright green. Her skin like mocha coffee with curly jet black hair. A perfect mixture of Anglo-Afro heritage. They were 25 now and friends since they were in diapers. 

"Damn right," Agnes finished off her beer, enough that she found courage to do this little ritual. "So... I just have to sit in the circle while you recite some Latin verse?" 

"Pretty much," Michelle looked at the spell book to be sure. "Oh and here's the fun part: I have to say it all while you masturbate to completion. With this wooden dildo thing." Michelle held up the dark smooth wooden phallus with carvings of more phalluses. 

"WHAT?!" Agnes blurted out, her cheeks flushed. "No way!" 

"Come on," Michelle whined. "I know you're family is repressed but I've seen the exhibitionist in you." 

"Making out with girls while drunk is one thing but watching me rub one out with a voodoo dildo is a whole other thing," Agnes pointed out. 

"This spell is guaranteed to summon your dream guy," Michelle explained. "A guy that will make Beau regret ever treating you like shit! Don't you want to see the look on his face when he sees you with the man of your dreams?" 

Agnes admitted that she would love to see Beau's face fall when he sees she's moved on. Beau always got off on how he could just love and leave her then after several ignored texts and public brush offs would come back and flash those baby blues then Agnes would give in to him forgetting everything. Was there ever a more pathetic woman in Paradise Falls, Louisiana than Agnes Milton? 

"Fine...," Agnes surrendered. Agnes got naked while Michelle gave her some measure of privacy. Not that it mattered as she would have to watch Agnes do the deed while reciting the verses. Agnes then laid herself in the middle of the circle assuming the position. 

"Ok...," Agnes sighed. "Now what?" 

"Just close your eyes and take deep breaths," Michelle instructed. 

"Should we put on Lionel Richie?" Agnes joked trying to ease her trepidation. 

"Just relax," Michelle said. "Do what comes natural..." 

"Nothing about this is natural," Agnes scoffed but nevertheless she did as she was told. Michelle spoke the Latin words which became like white noise as Agnes allowed herself to give into the setting. She got herself ready by using her fingers first. Getting herself nice and wet so the wooden idol would slide right in. Agnes rubbed her tender flesh, dipping between her petals into her womanly flower. She wanted to relax herself before sticking some wooden magic dildo into her birth canal. Michelle's voice became the only sound. The cicadas and crickets gave way to a new hum that rose in intensity as Agnes's body started to get warm and tingly. 

She was getting so horny despite herself. Agnes's inhibitions melted away as she used the dildo to tease her wet lips. The room dissolved into darkness as Agnes penetrated herself. Her senses heightened as she pumped the dildo faster and deeper inside of her. She could smell the burning wax, feel the flames of the candles and hear... more voices. First starting in low whispers that rose to a crescendo as Agnes opened her eyes to find herself no longer in the room of the abandoned house but in a walled enclosure with three pathways. One on her right. One on her left then one straight ahead where there were even more pathways. Was she in a maze? 

"Wow...," Agnes marveled. The echo from her voice made her shiver. The place was empty. She could feel its hollowness down to her bones. 

Above her she gaped at the beauty of the universe that rotated slowly. The Milky Way rose high above her then descended like the rising and setting of the sun. Then the whispers grew... Calling to her. 

Her whole body hummed. Her heart pounded in her ears as she felt herself having this out-of-body experience. She could still hear Michelle's voice but it was faint. Agnes moved towards the whispers that grew louder when she finally came to a clearing. The center of the maze where there was a pillar with a beautiful golden bowl. There were arcane symbols carved into it's surface. Agnes admired the detail seeing men with oversized erections chasing women around. Some gave in and the look on their faces: pure ecstasy. But the bowl was icy to the touch. 

It just needs some rekindling... A voice as clear as a bell spoke to her. She spun around to find that no one was there but she could feel a dark presence. Icy shivers climbed up her spine, gnawing at her insides like a rat. A part of Agnes wanted to run but the other part couldn't resist the siren song of the golden bowl. She wanted to see it light with fire. Agnes placed her hands in pockets and felt a matchbox. That wasn't there before. 

Light it... There was that same dark voice again. Slowly the fear seemed to recede as Agnes set the match alight and tossed it into the bowl. In seconds the fire roared becoming a brilliant blue and gold flame that danced happily in it's new hearth. Agnes's eyes were transfixed on the embers until... 

Suddenly she found herself pinned to the ground by someone... or something. A dark figure hovered over her, settling itself between her widespread thighs. It had no outstanding features as it was more of a humanoid shadow that Agnes could touch. Her insides clenched. Her instincts were screaming at her to fight this thing off but it's touch... it's warm touch like fire eased her nerves. The creature lovingly stroked Agnes's cheek. A lusty feeling of warmth stole over her. 

Agnes could now only hear her own heart beat, her blood singing as the dark humanoid creature penetrated her tender flesh. At first it was painful. Hot. Agnes felt as if a long molten iron rod was penetrating her but the voice said to her: Give in... 

The same voice... It was soothing in a way despite the creature's frightening human-less features. Agnes obeyed, relaxing her body and suddenly pain melted into unbelievable pleasure. The shadow cock throbbed inside of her. Agnes bucked her hips wanting to get the entire cock inside her. Her nipples hardened beneath her sheer black bra. The stranger pulled off Agnes's shirt then bent down and suckled on her puckering nipples through her bra. Agnes moaned in ecstasy. He flicked his tongue sending Agnes close to the edge as the cock inside her curved slightly touching her G-Spot. 

"Oh my god...," Agnes gasped as she held onto the dark stranger for dear life. She could feel his breath in her ear as it grunted when it thrusted even deeper inside of her; deep into her womb and other places Agnes didn't know were there. The creature took his thumb which vibrated like the sex toy she kept under her bed and pressed it to Agnes's clit. That's when she really went over the edge. 

Agnes spasmed as she reached that thunderous climax that she only read in those trashy romance novels she hid from her prudish mother. At the height of ecstasy Agnes felt a hot hand press on her chest right above her heart. It was a searing pain like she was being branded. Pain and pleasure mingled blurring the lines between the two. There on her chest was a hand print that glowed. 

"You are mine...," the voice called. The voice made Agnes's insides melt. Her every nerve-ending firing off like tiny fireworks as the waves of pleasure receded. The maze dissolved into darkness. Agnes felt light headed letting herself drift but not before she felt a pair of lips press against hers. Such a burning kiss that made her whole face numb. Then came darkness. 

"Agnes... Agnes? Agnes?" 

Agnes stirred and groaned, "What?" 

"You passed out," Michelle looked concerned but once she saw that Agnes was okay she couldn't hide her amusement. 

"What happened?" Agnes propped herself up as Michelle gave her a jacket to cover herself. 

"Girl, you came all over the floor! I don't think even I came like that before," Michelle pointed to the wet pool that coalesced between Agnes's thighs. 

Agnes's cheeks burned as well as her chest. She suddenly felt dirty. 

"Oh my god...," she was so embarrassed. She checked to see if the hand print was there... but it wasn't. 

"But seriously it was like you were in another dimension," Michelle grew serious. "Where did you go?" 

The stone maze. The bowl of fire. The shadowy demon. It all felt so real. That orgasm was real for sure. The agony of that branding was too but even though there was no evidence Agnes felt a weight on her soul. A tether to someone... or something. 

"No where," Agnes quickly got up but her legs were shaking so much she looked like a foal just learning to walk. 

"Easy, Ags," Michelle helped steady Agnes as she helped get her clothes back on. "Well I hope that spell sends you a new man to make Beau seethe with jealousy." 

"Who?" Agnes forgot all about Beau. All she could think about was that shadow that made her come so hard she squirted her love juice all over the floor. 

"Exactly," Michelle winked.