 Agnes couldn't sleep that night. Stupid Beau. Stupid Agnes. Being 25 and staying at home in a small town called Paradise Falls (which was a real joke as to how fitting the name is), Louisiana far from anything interesting sounded like the perfect nightmare. There was only one road in and out of that town. Sometimes Agnes would take the car and just sit at the sign "You are now leaving Paradise Falls." If only... 

She looked up at the ceiling looking at the glowing plastic stars her father gave her for her 10th birthday. They glued them together on the wall into constellations: Ursa Major & Minor, Orion, Delphinus, Aquila, Cygnus, & Perseus. Algol was for some reason Agnes's favorite. The Demon Star they called it. An evil star representing violence and blood shed. Agnes was always into the occult though that masturbation ritual with Michelle was the first time she ever participated. 

As she admired the Demon Star Agnes felt a stir in the shadows. She strained her eyes until they adjusted to the darkness. Nothing. Agnes lay back down on the sweat sticky sheets. Damn that broken air conditioner...

Agnes tossed and turned in her cheap sweat soaked sheets. The middle of July and it was the hottest summer on record. Why couldn't it rain? Their air conditioner was still broken. Agnes's brother, Louis still hadn't fixed it. He didn't even live there so what did it matter to him if they all died of heat stroke. He would get the property then sell it to add to his fortune. 

Louis won the lottery a few years back. Over a million dollars, some of which he invested to make more. He lived in Baton Rouge with his greedy wife and 4 spoiled brats. He only came for Sunday family dinner to rub his success in their faces. He had to flaunt how he escaped the boring cacophony of church sermons and county fairs.

Agnes took a deep breath as she closed her eyes. She began to count... 1. 2. 3... She started to drift off. The heat making her dizzy possibly. Suddenly Agnes could feel a pair of hands messaging her thighs. She felt a pair of lips kiss the inside of her thigh. Her pussy began to tingle and moisten at the attention and teasing being done to her. She let out a soft moan as Agnes felt some fingers gently rubbing her wet hot sex. 

At first she figured it was herself. Sometimes Agnes masturbated to help her sleep but then she felt a rough tongue give her pussy one long slow lick. At first she was shocked. Was she asleep already? The tongue continued to lap in between her folds with such relish that it took nourishment from her juices. 

Agnes writhed and groaned as the stranger's tongue flicked at her little engorged rosebud that was by now so sensitive that a slight flick would make her whole body tremble with delight. She felt the tongue dive into her heated core, fucking her until she was gripping the sheets for dear life as if afraid she would fly away. 

Agnes bit her bottom lip to stop her moans, fearful that they would wake everyone and make them interrupt this sizzling wet dream she was having. Warm tingling sensations rippled through out Agnes's body as she gasped in pleasure when the stranger's tongue reached a place so deep within her that the stranger couldn't possibly be human. 

Reaching her G-Spot Agnes spasmed as the orgasm tore through her like a destructive wave. She arched her back, a flower blossoming towards heaven as her cheeks flushed and body thrummed, the last remnants of her explosion as she laid still on the sweat soaked sheets. Agnes lay there catching her breath, smiling as she felt the stranger's hands wander up from beneath the covers reaching her lips swollen with desire. A thumb ran over them and from pure instinct Agnes opened her mouth and sucked on the exploring thumb. Even his thumb tasted good.

This was the most realistic dream she ever had. Agnes didn't want it to end as she felt the wandering hand travel to her neck, the thumb pressing against her pulse. However, the hand suddenly tightened it's grip. Agnes was having trouble breathing. She opened her eyes in alarm taking hold of the stranger's wrist trying to pry it from her throat. She wanted to wake up. To scream for help but words caught in her throat as if the hand itself was halting her very words.

But then the stranger revealed himself. She didn't recognize the man though he was handsome. Dark hair with a square jaw and dark eyes that made shot a delicious shudder through her. He smiled wickedly as his eyes turned into yellow slits like a serpent. In fact his tongue, the one that gave Agnes so much pleasure, was forked. It slithered out of his sensuous mouth flicking at her like a snake.

Agnes's eyes widened in fear, her heart seized with terror. This man was a demon. She wanted to wake up. Agnes could feel his manhood iron hard and hot against her quivering sex. But despite the violence being done to her now her legs spread wide open for the beast. Agnes wanted to feel that raging cock between her tender thighs until she exploded again.

The demon licked Agnes's cheek as he hiked her thigh higher, his claws scraping against her nubile flesh sending tingles to her pulsating core. 

Agnes woke up with a start. The sun was glaring in her face as it rose to greet another scorching summer day. What the hell was that? She looked to see long red marks on her thighs. What did that? 

***

The next morning was Sunday. Church. She could say she was sick. Anything to avoid her family. But Mary was a bull dog when it came to church. 

"Agnes Grace Milton!" Mary didn't even knock. She never knocked. She barged in as Agnes sank into the smelly sweat sheets instead. Mary ripped the sheets off exposing Agnes to the harsh light of day.

"Mama!" Agnes groaned as she buried her face into the pillow. 

"You live under my roof, young lady," Mary bitterly reminded her. "In this house we go to church every Sunday." Mary flung a white lace dress at Agnes. "Maybe if you find a husband you can run your own house and have a daughter as ungrateful as you."

Agnes sat up glaring at Mary. What was this the 1950s? The 1880s? No, it was the South. Progress here was a snail trail. Mary was more of a bully than a parent. She must have been pretty once. Petite. But a few rum and cokes and children later Mary was pretty thick with thinning hair.

Because Mary believed that Agnes stole her youth she never missed a chance to remind Agnes that she was single and unsuccessful. Just a waitress at a crappy diner that served terrible coffee that tasted like chalk and soggy pancakes. Too bad she didn't win a lottery. But if anyone asked she would sell her mother for any price if just to get the harpy out of her summer frizzy hair. 

"Chop! Chop!" Mary clapped loudly. This woman has a hollow leg. Last night she was passed out on the couch but this morning she's in better shape than Agnes and Agnes actually had a fun time... with something. 

***

Agnes combed her hair, put on some Dove deodorant, and then slipped on the dress. She hated that dress. It was like something from Home on the Prairie with it's choking collar. It covered her goods. If Mary wanted Agnes to find a husband then she should show off her assets. Her breasts were a modest C-cup that in the right bra looked ample and delicious like pink grapefruits. 

"Hurry up, Agnes!" Agnes's annoying little brother, Charlie yelled through the door. He was only 15 and just as big a pain in the ass but she loved him better than the rest of her family.

"I'm coming, Oops Baby," Agnes groaned. "Oops Baby" or "Oops" was Agnes's pet name for Charlie. Dad got snipped but it didn't take so then came Oops. 

"Can't wait to meet the new pastor," Charlie said checking himself in the mirror. 

"Your tie's crooked," Agnes set about getting it right. He could never tie a tie correctly. 

"Heard he's good looking," Charlie smoothed his hair, a naughty glint in his eye.

"Shhh," Agnes admonished. She and Michelle were the only ones who knew Charlie's secret. He wasn't like most of the other boys. This small town was just as small minded when it came to sexual orientation. Charlie became somber. 

"I can't wait to get out of this town," he mourned. Agnes smoothed his powder blue tie and smiled. 

"We will," Agnes promised. "Once I sell dad's signed guitar then we'll get the hell out of here and you can finally be with as many guys as you like." Their father died when Charlie was too young to even remember having a father. He was a musician. He traveled to all kinds of places and opened for some of the bigs like Bob Marley. Agnes loved hearing her father play. He left her a guitar signed by Bob Marley himself. It was a thank you gift but he never mentioned for what. 

Charlie smiled. They were the two musketeers in this household of boarders and a drunken mother. Agnes gave Charlie a reassuring hug. 

"You two better hurry up!" Mary bellowed. "Don't you dare make me look bad for the new pastor!" 

Agnes and Charlie quickly made it downstairs where everyone was waiting. The house had 2 boarders: one, the old lady Mrs. Vanhorn who even with a hearing aid couldn't hear a word anyone said; two, the fat balding creep, Frank who liked to leer at Agnes every time she walked into the room. He would attempt to flirt with her all the time even when she was covered up like a nun. He'd whisper creepy things into Agnes's ear and all she wanted to do was to spray mace in his fat face. 

"About damn time," said Frank. "But you look very lovely, Agnes." She only glowered ignoring him. 

"Charlie and I will drive the other car," Agnes said preferring not to sit near creepy Frank as he tried to occasionally touch her thigh. 

"As long as you hurry," Mary waved a dismissive impatient hand. Agnes took Charlie's hand practically sprinting towards the 1970s mustang that belonged to her father. 

"Can't stand that Frank," Charlie stuck his tongue out in disgust. "He wears those wife-beater shirts with food stains on them."

"What's funny is you think they're food stains," Agnes countered. They both laughed enjoying their time together on their way to church. 

***

Michelle lived with her grandmother who was as religious and strict as Agnes's mother. They always went to church together ever since they were little. 

"So meet any new handsome guys lately?" Michelle winked knowingly. 

"Unfortunately no...," Agnes whispered back. 

"How about you, Charles?" Michelle threaded her arm through his. 

"Same here," Charles mourned. "You'll have to do." The three of them laughed. Soon they all sat down in their hard wooden pews. Michelle, Agnes, and Charles with their families sat in the third row. But suddenly Agnes felt that same burning in her chest just above her heart.

"Ow!" Agnes gritted through her teeth.

"What's wrong?" Michelle asked, her olive green eyes nervous. 

"Just heart burn...," Agnes smirked but Michelle knew when her best friend wasn't being honest. That smirk was the reason Agnes could never beat Michelle in poker. 

A hush fell over the congregation as the new pastor came onto the stage. Agnes was stunned when she saw him. He was young for a pastor. Late 20s at least but had an air of dignity of someone much older that affected everyone in the room. He had dark hair with dark eyes and a sexy stubble. Most pastors were clean shaven but this pastor was going against the grain. It seemed to make him more relatable. It couldn't be... 

`Then he turned to face the crowd. Agnes could have imagined it but they seemed to lock eyes. It were as if she had been struck by lightning. Her panties began to dampen, her loins on fire as her pulse began to quicken under his heated gaze. Agnes could barely breathe. That dream came back in vivid memory as if she never woke up. 

"Thank you, Paradise Falls, my name is Pastor James Abel but you can call me James if you like," he smiled making all the women in the room swoon. Agnes's cunt wasn't the only one weeping at the sight of this new pastor. But it was Agnes that he kept looking at. 

They kept locking eyes every few moments. The place where the demon marked her began to burn. Agnes fidgeted in her seat, her heart racing as the hour passed on so quickly. Agnes's mind kept wandering back to that dark maze. Back to that mind blowing, soul shattering orgasm that made her come all over the floor of that abandoned house. 

***