 **Author's Note: I apologize that this is late. Had technical difficulties and time management problems. I had only up to 6 Chapters so have to spend the weekend coming up with more. 

*****

Agnes sat on the shore of the quarry. She was dressed again but still a bit wet; in more ways than one. Though James was only wearing pants. His firm muscles glistened in the star light. James was laying out a blanket that had a white pentagram stitched into the black fabric along with other star symbols. One was familiar to Agnes.

"Is that the Algol star symbol?" Agnes asked.

"You're a quick study," James smiled. "Yes and I'm sure you remember what it means."

Of course Agnes remembered. 

"So what do I need?" Agnes asked. 

"Something of Frank's and something of yours to make the connection," James explained. "It'll be like a bridge for the magic to travel on."

Agnes thought about it for a moment. She could kill two birds with one stone. Just as she was thinking it James presented the soiled sheets from her bed that Frank had been defiling with his semen. 

"Neat trick in reading my mind," Agnes chuckled. James ripped a few stained bits then gave them to Agnes who set black candles down at the five points of the star. James walked around the circle until he was behind Agnes. 

"Now what?" Agnes asked. James settled behind Agnes, his breath in her ear that sent a rush of joy to her clit. The candles lit up in a breath setting the whole pagan scene. Working magic in the bosom of Mother Nature.

"Concentrate on Frank," James whispered. His hands traveled down around her waist. 

"I could if you would stop touching me like that," Agnes giggled girlishly as she leaned back into James's firm chest. 

James kissed her neck sending a ripple of warmth through Agnes's nerve endings. 

"There's power in arousal," James explained as his one hand unbuttoned Agnes's jean shorts. His hand on her hot weeping cunt made Agnes groan. Her eyes lazily closed as James's palm rubbed against her erect fattening clit. 

"Focus on your arousal then direct it," James instructed all while keeping his movements controlled. "You ready?"

Agnes nodded. For a moment she second guessed herself. All suicide victims do before they take that final step, open their wrists. Before a sniper pulls that trigger. The same question flits through their mind before that plunge into the other side. Before that cross over the line to become something else. Someone else. 

But the power was bristling beneath her skin. Agnes could feel it. The arousal of her body led to the awakening of a hidden power trapped within her. 

Agnes focused that lustful energy on one object. She opened her eyes then found herself not at the quarry but at the middle of the maze under the cosmos again. That golden bowl of fire was blazing. Agnes could feel the waves energy hit her like a coming orgasm. 

"Don't come yet," James relaxed his hand a little as he sensed Agnes coming close to the edge. "Now you need some of your blood. All dark curses need blood."

An athame appeared in Agnes's hand. She marveled at the blade's silver sheen in the firelight. She looked at herself in the image reflected back at her. Agnes's indigo eyes darkly staring back with a resigned look. She accepted about what she was going to do. 

Agnes sliced into her right index finger then squeezed the small wound over the dancing flames. She heard the hiss as the blood hit the flames. James's hand down her shorts soon disappeared. 

Only the heat and pleasure remained. That pleasure bloomed into power; an electrical surge like a bolt of lightning that filled her to the point of bursting. Agnes felt like she could do anything now. 

Suddenly Agnes saw the dark figure with serpent eyes staring at her. It was the same figure that ravished her when she was here before. She wasn't afraid though. Agnes knew who it was. 

"Go," Agnes commanded with ease. The figure nodded. She didn't have to tell it what to do or even how to do it. The creature knew as it was a mirror of her darkest desires. It disappeared in the blink of an eye. 

***

Frank lay in the holding cell sleeping off the night's violent events. He lulled himself to sleep with ways of making Agnes pay. The things he would do to her body when he got out. 

Before they were just thoughts and he would have acted on them if there wasn't someone always in his way or if she stayed home most nights. Frank would beat that smug slut's smile off her face then fuck her in that sweet peach ass. He would do it over and over again until he was spent. Until her ass bled. 

Suddenly Frank's hair stood on end. He woke up and looked around. No one there. But he couldn't shake off the sixth sense that he wasn't really alone. 

"Hey," Frank called out. "Who's there?" Probably that punk who arrested him. Trying to scare him. Frank would teach him a lesson too. Frank had friends who would do things for him. "Whoever it is stop trying to scare the piss out of me!" 

Then a cool breath on the nape of his neck sent a surge of fear right to his bones. He turned around to see a dark shadow looming over him leering at him with malicious yellow eyes. 

"What the f—" The creature grabbed Frank by his fat neck keeping his tubby body pinned to the chrome bars of his cell. It lifted him off the ground with ease as Frank struggled like a beached whale. His words became babbling gurgles incoherent and soft so that no one would hear. 

The creature's face changed. It changed into a human face. Agnes's face. She opened her mouth wide revealing a black abyss. It clamped it's mouth onto Frank's. It was cold. It touched Frank's deformed soul striking it with fresh horror. 

Frank's beady eyes went wide with terror as he felt his brain begin to boil. It was a slow burn like boiling an egg. The egg looks pristine and hard on the outside but on the inside the yolk was cooking, it's skin becoming soft and gooey. Blood came out Frank's eyes, ears, mouth and nose. The creature with Agnes's face released him then dissolved into nothing with the echo of a sinister laughter in it's wake. 

Frank fell to the floor of his cell as blood poured from his orifices like water from so many pipes. He writhed for a few minutes then was suddenly quite still. The air was stiff with death. But also a relief that a worthless life had been snuffed out.

***

Agnes opened her eyes and saw that she was in the forest again by the quarry with James's hand down the front of her pants and under her shirt caressing her round breast his thumb gently grazing her swollen nipple erect from her arousal. She felt his hardness firm against her tailbone. Then Agnes noticed the blood; it's warmth and stickiness running down her fingers. 

"That was...," Agnes was breathless. She was shivering from the after shock. She was there. In that cell. But Agnes wasn't Agnes. She was also James. James was her. Their souls had twisted into one to create a malevolent force that ended Frank's pitiful life. 

"Shocking I know but you'll get used to—"

"Amazing!" Agnes turned around to look at James in his dark eyes. Her indigo eyes sparkled with life and excitement. Her wet hair just black tendrils framing her fair face. Her lips were red and full with desire. James smiled as he felt the aching throb of his cock at the sight of her. 

"That was amazing," Agnes's mouth assaulted James in a whirlwind of lust. The force of her passion knocked James to the ground. "I killed him," Agnes whispered partly in shock, partly in horror and partly in pleasure. 

James caressed Agnes's face, his brown eyes smiling in amusement. 

"We killed him," James insisted. He pulled her down, their lips locked and formed to the other like memory foam. James's tongue slithered into Agnes's willing mouth as he felt the cool wet tendrils of her dark hair dance on his chest, dripping water onto his pecks like a gently rain. 

"What else can we do?" Agnes asked breathless from the heat of her passion. 

"If I'm going to teach you you're going to have to do certain things for me remember?" 

Agnes smiled wickedly as she bowed her head lower trailing hot kisses down James's firm ab muscles that twitched and flexed from the soft touch of her lips. James moved Agnes's hair as she unbuckled his pants releasing the beast that throbbed in her gentle grasp. 

Agnes teased him first. James watched her with delighted fascination as she kissed the shaft then licked it as if it were a melting popsicle. She kissed the mushroom head. 

The head sank into her mouth. James groaned as he felt Agnes flick her tongue over the head. Then finally Agnes took all of James. She kept her indigo eyes focused intently on James watching him roll his head back, listening to his moans and groans.

"Uuunnn," he growled as Agnes grazed her teeth dangerously, carefully over his rigid flesh. Agnes giggled as the cock twitched at her every stroke. She let her hand take over, rubbing up and down the shaft in a slow and steady motion as she kissed and fondled James's scrotum. 

"Fuck, Agnes...," James groaned. He wanted to shoot into her mouth. He wanted to fill her with his demon seed. James wasn't the only one was mind reading powers. Their bond was deepening with each coming together of their bodies. The mark on Agnes's chest glowed then remained like a stain on her flesh. 

Agnes took James's smoldering rod then swallowed it. Her head bobbed faster she sucked harder at each ascension, milking his swollen flesh until he came. 

The rush of his seed was hot in Agnes's throat like molten gold running down into her stomach. Agnes rested her chin on James's stomach, kissing his navel as she watched him with smoky indigo eyes.

She had a dream like look on her face as James looked at her with his hungry whiskey eyes. There was a light there that Agnes wanted to bask in every day. She felt the mark from James's first encounter like a birthmark. It was a part of her now no longer a foreign object that caused her pain. 

"I think we're going to do great things together," Agnes spoke sleepily, swimming in the haze of incredible sex. She never wanted a cigarette so badly before. James responded by pulling Agnes up to him and kissing her hard, tasting his delicious cum on her lips, in her mouth. 

The night dissolved around them. They were the only creatures alive in that moment. The only creatures that mattered. Agnes felt like she could conquer the world. Perhaps she might...

***