 **Author's Note: I'm hoping to get up to 12-13 chapters of this story. I am currently working on other Erotic Horrors but I'm making this story a priority.

*****

Last night was a blur for Agnes after her amazing magic sex with Pastor James. She woke up, naked, the early morning sun glaring in her face to find Michelle and Charlie looking down at her concerned. Neither of them looked happy though Michelle looked ready to blow. Charlie was more relieved than angry.

"So this is where you've been?" Michelle had her hands on her elegant hips giving her an intense Mother Hen look. "Where's the guy you were fucking? Or did you come out here just to rub one out?"

Agnes's fair brow furrowed with indignation. She propped herself up not even bothering to cover herself up. Michelle threw her Agnes's clothes but Agnes wasn't in a hurry to get them. Since having sex with James last night her shame seemed to have disappeared. She felt powerful. 

"Pastor Abel came to see me last night," Agnes laid back, stretching her tired muscles that were stiff from laying on the forest ground all night.

"What?" Michelle cried.

"I knew it!" Charlie beamed. His worry dissipated into scandalous curiosity. Agnes smiled at him then finally began to dress. 

"I told you to stay away from him," Michelle warned. "Hold up! What's that on your chest?"

Agnes looked to see that it was a hand print. A big red hand print like a birth mark as plain as day above her right breast. 

"You can see it now?" Agnes asked incredulously. 

"I'd have to be blind not to see that!" Michelle cried.

"Did he hurt you?" Charlie frowned, his blue eyes stormy. His mouth becoming a thin stern line and his hands clenched into fists. Added with the black eye and cut lip he looked scary. 

"No, Babe," Agnes hugged Charlie then looked at him and smiled. "He's helped me."

"Helped you with what?" Michelle pressed.

Agnes didn't turn to meet her best friend's judgmental green eyes but said to Charlie, "Frank is dead."

"How do you know?" he asked raising a skeptical eye brow. 

Agnes rested her hand on Charlie's messy chestnut brown hair then smiled and said, "I know it sounds crazy but James isn't human he's an incubus and with his powers we made sure Frank would never hurt anyone ever again."

Charlie looked into his older sister's indigo eyes, darkened with lust and power. She was high off sex and magic. Even her pupils were dilated close to being saucers. Charlie could feel it in his bones and it made him tremble. Agnes was definitely different. 

"You're crazy," Michelle spoke quietly as if someone would come at any moment and hear them. "I told you that this demon could kill you."

"Pfff," Agnes scoffed turning to Michelle. "James told me the truth. That death thing is bullshit."

"And you believe him? A demon from hell?"

"One we summoned," Agnes reminded her. "It was your idea I recall." Agnes gathered up her clothes and put them on. "Going to have to cover up now so no one sees this mark." 

"Now you're concerned with covering up?" Michelle fumed. 

"I don't know what else to say," Agnes shrugged her shirt on. "It was your idea to summon this guy. I get power and eternal life and youth in exchange for out of this world sex. I don't see a down side."

"Maybe that's just it," Michelle grimly pointed out. "You're not thinking clearly."

Agnes was dressed, her dark indigo eyes turning threatening, her tone of voice containing an edge of danger that made Michelle's insides churn, "I've never thought more clearly than right now. If you stand in my way, you'll get the same as Frank."

She didn't mean it... did she? Michelle's beautiful olive green eyes once so burning with confidence went cool with fear. Agnes seemed to glide past her leaving a cool breeze that made Michelle shiver. Charlie followed his sister leaving Michelle paralyzed by the quarry listening to the roaring waterfall and the morning birds sing. 

***

Nolan told Agnes the news personally. He came to her house where Mrs. Vanhorn with Charlie at the old woman's feet drawing were in the living room watching Bill O'Reilly talking about how racism was non-existent and how abortion was wrong. Bull shit like that. Agnes was barely listening. Mary was in the kitchen.

Nolan came in his beige and brown police uniform. Agnes felt a stirring in her loins at the sight of Nolan's lean muscular body fitted to his authoritative uniform. She wondered what it would be like to be underneath him. Last time she was on top. 

Agnes was wearing a red belly shirt and a blue plaid skirt that reached her elegant knee caps and a pair of denim blue flats. She was feeling extra randy today.

"Coroner says it was an aneurism," Nolan explained as Mary set before him a tall glass of water, the glass sweating from the ice. But Nolan was having a hard time concentrating while Agnes was sitting across the table from him... with her bare foot rising up his leg. He shifted in his seat clearing his throat but he made no move to stop her.

"Poor man," Mary said. 

Agnes reached Nolan's inner thigh, brushing up against his junk. Agnes smiled like a cat with a mouse in it's claws as she watched Nolan blush. His hand tightened on the glass of water, his knuckles turned white as he clenched his other hand into a fist. 

All the while Agnes was thinking cynically: "Poor man"? Really, Mary? Agnes remembered hearing some squeaks and creaks with sickening recollection from her mother's room next door. Hearing Frank grunt made Agnes queasy. It ruined masturbating for her. 

Then one night Frank called out Agnes's name causing Mary to flip out. That was the end of their physical relationship. 

Mary was glad for any attention but she preferred to be the center of attention. At least Agnes could rub one out in her room again without the disgusting image of her mother and Frank having chubby old person sex. 

"Poor, poor man," Mary mourned. "He wasn't perfect but he did make up most of the rent here."

"That's the only thing I'll miss," Agnes sighed coolly. Mary rudely pinched Agnes but she held her concentration on pleasing the deputy. 

"You watch your mouth, you little harlot," Mary spat evilly. Nolan sat silently (twitching a bit from the foot in his crotch) watching Agnes with sympathy.

Agnes reacted to her mother's pinch like one would react to a mosquito bite. Mild annoyance. She was still riding the high from last night. Agnes smiled at Nolan who only stared back at her with his gleaming yet somber charcoal eyes.

She wanted to see those eyes in the middle of an orgasm, to see them light up when she brought him to that ecstatic height. 

"You're right, mother," Agnes sighed yet made herself sound contrite. "We should hold a funeral service for him. Invite the whole town." Like they'd come. Well if there's food of course. 

"For that fat oaf?" Mrs. Vanhorn cried out incredulously from her seat in the living room. "There'll be more flies than people at that open casket. Unless it's a closed casket."

Charlie suppressed a laugh. Agnes smiled broadly as she took her foot back. Mary scowled while Nolan tried to suppress a smirk though his shoulders sunk because her foot was gone. 

***

Nolan was by his car when Agnes ran out to catch him. 

"Hey," Agnes smiled as she tucked her dark hair behind her ear, fluttering her indigo eyes at him. "I was wondering since we didn't get a chance to really catch up that we go out Saturday. I have off this weekend."

Nolan smiled, his cheeks turned red. 

"I'd like that," he said then he got in his car and drove off. Agnes felt a stirring in her loins, a feeling of need. She bit her lip at the thought of Nolan having her pinned to the leather seat in the back of his police car. Or her handcuffing him to a bedpost as she rode him until morning. 

Well that was next weekend. Agnes turned to go back inside when she caught Mary glaring out at her. 

***

The town held a funeral service for Frank at the church. Perhaps the only good thing you can say about Paradise Falls is that her people love pie. 

No matter the occasion: wedding, graduation, family gathering, 9/11 anniversary, funerals, everyone always brought pie. Funny that Paradise Falls never had a pie contest. The tables inside were lined with all kinds: blueberry, cherry, apple, mixed berry, lemon, pumpkin, sweet potato, etc. 

Agnes wore a modest black sun dress wearing a black sun hat with large round sunglasses with modest black heels. Her lips were red and shiny from her best lipstick. 

But underneath she wore her sexiest matching red lace bra and panties with black leggings and red straps. Needless to say her mind was not with the Lord today. She felt so naughty that her pussy dampened when Agnes looked herself over in the mirror.

Michelle had kept her distance for a while since their fight in the woods. Suddenly Agnes felt bad for what she said to her. They were like sisters. 

Agnes looked for her at the funeral only to find Michelle's ancient grandmother sitting in her modest black gown and hat with black feathers and waving the heat away with her French black fan. 

When Agnes asked about her grand daughter the old woman groaned an elderly groan, tired and ornery, "That girl is sick in bed. Couldn't get up this morning. She sounded awful so I didn't press her to come. That girl is so dramatic!"

Agnes spotted Beau with his bitch fiancé Vesta. She was such a skinny perky thing. Long curly blond hair like sunshine, tan body, big bright blue eyes. Agnes and Michelle would call Vesta White Trash Barbie while smoking weed behind the school. Agnes smirked at the memory until Vesta caught her watching. 

Vesta lifted her chin haughtily watching Agnes with disdainful eyes and a nose crinkled in disgust. She wrapped her arm tighter around Beau's strong athletic arm as if he would suddenly fly away towards Agnes. Not while Vesta was watching. Agnes didn't care about her or Beau anymore. Agnes turned her attention towards the front of the church.

Mary was chief mourner. She wasn't Frank's wife but Agnes supposed wanting to fuck that fat bastard made her qualified. Agnes saw Pastor Abel's smiling, angelic face and flashing dark devilish eyes standing next to the weeping Mary at the altar where the black coffin containing Frank rested. 

Mary wore a black dress and fish net veil with a string of white pearls hanging around her thick neck. The once lustrous black hair that Agnes inherited was hidden beneath a black wide brimmed hat with black feathers sticking out of it. 

In her black gloved hands was a white handkerchief that held all the snot and tears Mary shed for that monster.

It had been 3 days since their last encounter and Agnes's body was physically hurting for James. Literally her body was in pain and in need of the incubus's tender touch. If her family wasn't there when Nolan came to give them the news then she would have taken him to ease the pain (her physical pain of course). The mark on her chest burned at her body's desire.

It wouldn't have been Christian to have sex in a church. To even think about it felt dirty. But Agnes loved it. It made the prospect of sex with her incubus even more satisfying. 

***

Agnes and James were finally alone in his office. The lust was a living breathing thing between them now. James didn't wait for Agnes to say anything. In a few steps he closed the gap between them. 

Agnes tore off her hat then opened her sun dress to reveal her round bosom stuffed into a red sheer fabric bra as his lips attacked her wanton mouth with fiery passionate kisses. Agnes welcomed James's serpentine tongue into the dark wet cave of her mouth as it counted her teeth. 

James backed Agnes up against his desk that thumped at the force. Agnes hoped it was bolted to the floor. 

"No it's not," James whispered in between passionate tongue thrusting kisses. Agnes laughed forgetting that James could read her mind. As James began ripping off the buttons on Agnes's black sun dress Nolan flitted across her mind.

James stopped abruptly to Agnes's annoyance.

"What?" she asked, panting from lust. 

"You like that deputy," James's whiskey eyes darkened like storm clouds. 

"Yeah and?" Agnes was confused. "What does it matter?"

"Curious," James sounded baffled as well. "Usually when I mate with a human woman they stop thinking of other men."

"You sound jealous," Agnes smirked. "It was a random thought it doesn't mean anything."

James still glared at her. Fear rose in Agnes's chest for a few seconds. Then James turned Agnes roughly around then whispered darkly in her ear, "You belong to me." 

Agnes quivered all over but that fear bubbled up at James's tone. That possessive look in his dark otherworldly eyes made her shake with apprehension. He licked her neck then bit her ear lobe... Hard.

"Ow!" Agnes cried. She thought he would tear the skin. Then James pressed his lips tenderly behind her ear making Agnes's womanhood hot and dewy with yearning. 

"Bend over," the demon commanded. Agnes obeyed feeling James's firm warm hand on her back and pushing her down, letting his hand slide down the slope of her backside. Agnes's nipples became hard and sensitive as they grazed against the sheer fabric of her sexy bra. 

Agnes leaned on the desk staring at the crucifix hanging on the wall. She contemplated on Christ's suffering face, looking near death but death never coming near.

James spread her legs. He grinned and chuckled evilly as he felt Agnes quiver. He ran his fingers over her pussy finding her panties wet with her arousal. Agnes whimpered as she felt him rub her through her sheer red panties. 

James bent over, kissing Agnes's white back, his lips leaving a burning imprint on her flesh as his other hand gracefully unhooked her red bra. He then pulled aside Agnes's dampened panties inserting his finger inside her tight wet passage. Agnes groaned gripping the desk as the demon whispered, "I'm going to fuck you so hard you'll never think of any human male again."

James pressed his maleness against the soft, wet petals of Agnes's womanhood. She pushed herself back wanting him to get inside her. James pulled Agnes's panties down, digging out his cock that was raging and hungry for her pussy. 

There was no foreplay. Just James ramming his monster erection into Agnes's tender human flesh. Her muscles locked up in surprise then released and melted around James's swollen member.

He pierced her deep within her pulsating core with his smoldering rod that pierced her insides setting them on fire. James pumped as he held a firm grip on Agnes's waist. 

James placed one hand underneath her loose bra, kneading her swollen breast, her engorged nipple a ball point in his heated palm. She moaned in rapture unaware that her sounds called forth an unwanted spectator.

"Pastor? Agnes...?" 

They both froze. Agnes recognized the voice. She turned around to see her mother, mouth open and eyes wide in shock. Lust was replaced by terror. Mary suddenly found her bodily functions again. She backed out into the hall way and ran away leaving James still hard inside Agnes who went from a rosy glow to a ghostly white. 

***