 Agnes was wearing cut off denim shorts that looked painted on with a large red and black shirt that she got on a trip to New Orleans that she liked to sleep in. It read: "Do No Harm But Take No Shit" below a yellow crescent moon. It was from a voodoo shop in the French Quarter.

"So... Mom killed dad?" Charlie sat at the small kitchen table with his hands in his lap. "But I thought he died of cancer."

They sat in the kitchen. Agnes was making a peanut butter and apple jelly sandwich for Charlie while she broke the news to him. She waited a few weeks trying to come up with a soft way to tell her baby brother that their mother was a murderer.

"Dad was taking too long to die apparently," Agnes said setting a cold soda on the table in front of him. "She had him overdose on morphine. That's why no one questioned his early death. You were too young to remember but dad was..."

Agnes's chest tightened at the memory of seeing her once robust father wasting away. He seemed so big, a giant in her youth but in that hospital bed he seemed to have shrunk. But he still had that beaming smile. No illness could diminish that.

Agnes had buried her mother's doll with the nail driven into it. She tried keeping it under her bed or in her closet but it was like having a monster in the two cliche places that children thought monsters lived. She could actually hear a heart beat coming from the doll. Agnes didn't understand why it unsettled her to have the poppet close. 

So Agnes buried it deep in the yard. About 6 feet under the tree where she saw James during that rain storm. After that Agnes couldn't hear the heart beat quite as loud. It became white noise. Now Agnes could relax... at least for now.

Agnes lit up a cigarette then puffed a cloud of blue smoke out the kitchen window. The sun streamed into the kitchen. The house was built in the 40s but the kitchen was redesigned in the 60s with it's retro wall paper and red and chrome table and wooden counters. 

A stained glass wind chime hung in the window catching the light and casting rainbow lights on the faded wall paper.

The glass and tin bells clanged softly in the balmy summer breeze as Agnes blew another cloud of blue smoke into the air, watching it fly away off into the distance like a happy spirit that haunted this house for decades but was finally set free. That's how Agnes felt. 

"Bitch got what she deserved," Agnes chimed. 

Then Agnes heard her brother whimpering. She turned to see his shoulders slump and shaking, his head bent forward. She saw Charlie's cheeks glisten with fresh tears. His dark blue eyes red.

Overwhelmed with pity Agnes cradled her baby brother's head against her chest letting some snot get on her shirt. She kissed his soft dark sandy hair whispering, "It's okay, Oopsy."

They sat like that for a few minutes when Michelle walked into the house. Michelle had an extra key to the house though this time the door was unlocked. Agnes felt she didn't need to lock the door as often as before since they were going to sell it. 

Michelle was smiling but she stopped when she saw Charlie crying into Agnes's shirt. Charlie may not have been her blood but Michelle saw him as family too. She sat at the table, rubbing his back, feeling the sobs rupture as they wracked his muscles.

Michelle knew all about Mary killing her husband. Agnes had told her and Michelle cried but Agnes didn't. She had no more tears to spare. Only anger and a cold sense of justice.

After Charlie was soothed Michelle placed a black velvet bag on the table.

"What's that?" Agnes asked. The bag made a small knock when it was placed on the table. Agnes could feel a small vibe of energy coming from the bag. It sent the snake inside her hissing with discontent. But Michelle's mossy green eyes were full of light. 

"I did research and I found out how to trap demons," Michelle said revealing the contents of the black velvet bag. It was an old silver necklace with a locket at the end of it with a single Cat's Eye stone in the middle surrounded by rays. 

"A locket?" Agnes raised a critical eye brow.

Michelle opened it and on the inside were arcane symbols used to trap and bind demons to one's will.

"You want me to bind James with a locket?" Agnes's indigo eyes were wary.

"I told you I'd find a way to help you," Michelle insisted. "Whether you want me to or not. At least take it as insurance."

Agnes held the locket in the palm of her hand. It was cool to the touch. The serpent was writhing inside her like an evil infant kicking. 

She wanted to throw it away. She figured she should tell James but something stopped her. Given Agnes's history of being attracted to manipulative men it wouldn't hurt to have some back up leash to make James heel.

"Fine," Agnes sighed but Michelle knew better than to take her best friend's blasé personally. 

***

Agnes put the necklace in the black velvet bag under her mattress for safe keeping. Then she went to church having a desire to learn more about her powers and to feel James's hot touch against her skin. 

Agnes got a rude surprise when she found Beau brooding in the front pew. Beau turned his angry baby blues on Agnes as she casually walked up the aisle giving him a smug smile.

"Beau...," Agnes crossed her arms making sure accentuate her bosom that Beau couldn't help but look at with lust shining in his eyes. "Looking for forgiveness from God? Has Vesta's pious influence finally rubbed off on you?"

"Vesta dragged me here on a Saturday," Beau groaned. Agnes could see her ex's muscles clench when he said, "She wanted to talk to Pastor Abel about the wedding."

"Ah," Agnes nodded. What was James doing in there with Vesta all alone? The snake lifted it's smooth black head, a jealous hiss coming from it's mouth.

"Pastors should all be old and ugly," Beau spoke passionately. Agnes's mouth compressed into a hard line as she tried to stop a chuckle from spilling out inappropriately. 

"I don't know," Agnes's chuckles were stuck to the back of her throat, her dark purple eyes sparkling with secret knowledge. "I think Pastor Abel's a sweet guy. Very attentive and considerate to another person's feelings. Making them feel special."

Beau's cheeks burned at the implications. He opened his mouth to say something when they heard the door squeak open and James walking out of his office with Vesta right behind him. 

Vesta was wearing a modest white maxi dress but had on a woolen magenta cardigan. She must have been warm in that. It was 86 degrees outside and inside the church it was stuffy. 

When Vesta saw Agnes her tan cheeks turned a deep rouge of embarrassment. Agnes's sense had heightened so she could feel Vesta's instant arousal. The feeling was confusing for Agnes because she didn't understand why Vesta would suddenly be attracted to her rival. 

"Hello, Agnes," James smiled making Agnes's loins burn becoming moist with anticipation. "I was just finishing up with Miss Gerard here. You can wait in my office I'll be in shortly."

Vesta didn't say a bitchy word as she averted her electric blue eyes and rushed past both Agnes and Beau. Beau shot a glare at James who only continued to smile politely. Then Beau shot out after his fiancé. 

"What the hell was that all about?" Agnes narrowed her eyes at James. 

James seemed to suddenly materialize inches away from Agnes. The demon took her face in his hands and claimed her mouth in a fierce yet sensual kiss. Agnes felt her pussy drizzle hot cum, soaking her panties by the end, her nerves awake and on fire. 

"I'll tell you later," James whispered harshly. "But first I need you. It's been days."

Agnes was only too happy to oblige. She ripped off her shirt revealing her ample bosom in a black satin bra. The serpent inside her hissed with delight as James dragged Agnes down to the floor, kissing her intensely and fiercely. 

James playfully bit into Agnes's breast as if it were a juicy peach. Agnes's nipples instantly stiffened, grazing against the fabric of her bra.

James saw with glee that Agnes's bra hooked in the front. He unhooked the bra and popped the hard brown nub into his mouth causing Agnes to sigh in bliss as she felt James's rough tongue against her sensitive nub. She could feel the ache of his arousal hard against her thigh.

Somehow Agnes got her pants off and somehow James got his raging erection out, pulling down her black satin panties almost ripping them off then shoving himself deep into her dark, wet, hot depths of tender flesh.

It was all a blur of lust and passion where the world ceased to exist, dissolving into darkness leaving only Agnes and James in their hot sweaty embrace.

Agnes saw James's dark flashing eyes become liquid gold with dark serpent slits and his tongue whipped out forked. She felt the rumble of his hiss vibrate her insides that made her melt. 

She felt his claws drag along her fair skin, sending waves of warm tingles down her spine. Agnes arched her back as James thrusted deeper into her. Agnes was no longer in her skin but fire itself, a feeling a raw passion.

They came together as James's demon cock curved up hitting Agnes's G-Spot causing her to cry out in elation. The cry echoed through the halls of the sanctuary that was now defiled by their amorous act.

"Isn't this the part where God strikes us down or the floor opens up to hell?" Agnes joked breathless with spent passion.

"Humans are funny," James licked the sweat from her neck, still hard inside her as he felt Agnes's walls lock then release in repeated motion. "They think if they build a house for God that He'll hear their prayers but it's just a building made of brick and wood. God doesn't give two fucks about real estate."

Agnes bit James's lower lip as she locked her legs around his waist, trying to keep him inside her. Her clit was still on fire and throbbing with desire. 

They lay there for 25 minutes below the altar, the cross looming over them like the executioner's axe or a herd of storm clouds ready to block out the summer sun. But neither of them cared. 

"I almost forgot what I came in here for...," Agnes rolled over on top of James who was still locked inside her. He groaned as Agnes slowly rocked her hips, her muscles squeezing his cock.

"What did you come here for?" James growled in pleasure as his hands held onto Agnes's rocking hips.

Agnes unhooked her bra, setting free her breasts that James instantly assaulted with kisses, his sexy stubble tickling Agnes's flesh. 

"I need to know more about my powers," Agnes forced James to look at her. Though she couldn't resist kissing him, tasting his fiery lips. His kisses were addictive. It was like tasting cocaine making her body rush with endorphins. The withdrawal was always unbearable. 

"What do you want to learn today?" James breathed before wagging his tongue inside her mouth, exploring the dark wet cavern as he did many times before but always with new curiosity. 

"What's with the labyrinth?" Agnes asked when she finally caught her breath. "I want to explore it."

James stopped then leaned back with a knowing smile. His eyes had returned to normal being a whiskey brown and burning with intensity once more. 

*** 

Agnes and James lay on the altar below the cross. They were now completely naked and had locked the doors of the church so no one would walk in on them like last time.

Agnes was on top. A red yarn was tied around Agnes's right wrist linking her to a lit white candle.

"That's so you don't get lost in the other world," James had explained. "That labyrinth is easy to get turned around in. This is your tether to this world. We also don't want to stay too long either."

"Why?" Agnes asked curiously, her chest tightening.

"Stay too long under the sea and you'll drown," James shrugged his gleaming shoulders. "Or worse you'll want to stay and your body here will become catatonic and you'll never return to this world. You'll be trapped in that world for eternity."

"You say it so casually," Agnes scolded. 

"You'll be alright," James lowered Agnes onto his hard pulsating erection once more. Agnes seemed to slide right onto it. She sighed, feeling like she was in heaven.

"Also...," James shifted to get more comfortable as he took hold of Agnes's waist. "Be careful which door you open. Some doors can never be closed again..."

He spoke so ominously it gave Agnes pause. There was danger in his whiskey eyes that made her swallow hard.

"Okay then?" James asked. "Let's begin..."

Agnes began rocking her hips slowly, closing her eyes letting the ecstasy take her away. Her soul seemed to fly as Agnes began riding James harder letting her arousal build but making sure not to come. 

That part was difficult but not impossible. Agnes took a deep breath as she climbed towards paradise. Then when she was on the edge she let go, remaining on the edge of total bliss, harnessing her arousal then diverting it to a magical aqueduct that flowed through out her body and into the universe. 

Agnes opened her eyes to find herself wearing a white shift like in those period films set in the 1500s. Her dark hair loose about her shoulders in black tendrils.

She looked above to see the cosmos slowly rotating in the sky, a web of diamonds caught in the blackness, meteors shooting across the heavens, and nebulas forming strange shapes. 

Agnes managed to tear eyes away from the mind numbing beauty above her to see that she was in the labyrinth with the golden bowl of fire. Next to the bowl was a glass and iron lantern, unlit. 

Agnes instinctively took the lantern then opened it up to the bowl of fire. An ember danced it's way into the lantern making it glow stronger than any ordinary flash light. 

Agnes smiled then looked to see there were three pathways around the enclosure. Which path to take? Agnes decided to do the simple thing and close her eyes. She spun around three times then held out her finger.

When Agnes opened her eyes she saw that she was pointing at the path way to her left. 

"Left it is, then," Agnes shrugged. 

Agnes ventured into the labyrinth, her heart skipping beats with either expectation or apprehension. Perhaps both. She felt the tug of her tether. The red string on her right wrist glowed off and on sporadically as she explored further into the maze. The further she got from her point of origin the red string dimmed.

Agnes then came to a red door. A simple red door with a golden knocker hanging from the mouth of a dragon. She felt a bad, evil energy coming from it. 

She pressed her hand against the supernatural wood feeling the heat. Was this the door to Hell? James's warning rung in her head like an alarm bell. Agnes decided not to open the mystery red door.

Instead Agnes pressed on until she turned a corner coming to a double door. It was silver engraved with beautiful tableaus of a tree. Each panel created one big image. A man and a woman on either side were nude.

Above them was a serpent that twisted itself around the roots. Agnes was well versed in a few legends about the Tree of Life. It had many names and places in mythology but essentially it was all the same tree. 

The image of the tree had golden apples gleaming from it's silver branches. Agnes was tempted to open it but she heard a song...

It was faint at first but it was a siren call that Agnes couldn't resist. It drew her away from the silver door to another more simple door.

The door was black with golden knobs. Carved into the surface was a spiral signifying the universe. It looked Celtic. A golden stag head held a large golden knocker in its mouth. 

The song was coming from this door. Agnes lightly lifted the knocker then let it fall. Once the metal hit the wood it made a deep booming sound that echoed through the labyrinth. 

Then there was silence. Suddenly the knob turned as if someone were on the other side. But there was no one that Agnes could see. A cool rush of wind blew out then Agnes saw inside was a chamber lit by torches.

It was made of stone. All medieval in design or Romanesque with two spears crossing each other on the wall. Above them was a white horse carved into the stone. It was rearing, kicking it's front hooves so proudly.

Agnes thought it would come to life then her attention was drawn back to the singing that was coming from a large brass cauldron resting on an altar in the middle of the room. 

The brass cauldron was decorated with spirals and pictures of animals and people. Symbols of Life and Death covered every inch of the gleaming brass surface. 

Agnes dared to peer inside to find a bubbling green liquid that changed color every few seconds. It became red, black, blue, gold, silver then green again. Agnes was filled with dread and hope all at once. There was a darkness as well as a light about this cauldron.

Thinking back to her research into mythology she could only guess this belonged to Brân the Giant, a King from Ancient Britain who had a magical cauldron that could revive the dead. 

Agnes instantly thought of her own father. Could she bring him back to life? Just as she was about to reach out Agnes heard a terrible howl coming from the room along with a haunting voice:

"Death is a debt all must pay. For Life one must pay a heavy price..." 

Agnes saw the door begin to close. She quickly ran out before it could lock her in. She tripped then fell to the ground as she watched the big black door rudely shut behind her as if it was offended by her presence inside the room.

Her pulse quickened. Agnes felt her heart in her throat as she tried to settle her breathing. What in the hell was all that about?

Agnes felt like she had explored the labyrinth enough for one day. She navigated the labyrinth using her red string as a guide. It glowed brighter as she came nearer to her point of origin. 

Agnes returned the ember to the golden bowl of fire. Once she did she felt a sudden explosion of bliss inside her. Everything went black then Agnes gasped as she saw a bright light envelope her in a heated embrace.

Agnes woke up on top of James. Her body trembled from the strain of the spell as well as the ecstasy of her orgasm. She felt hot cum drizzle down her thigh.

James grinned as he said, "Didn't open any doors you weren't supposed to did you?"

Agnes caught her breath then responded, "I avoided opening any serious Pandora boxes if that's what you're asking."

But the voice still haunted her. "For Life one must pay a heavy price..." 

*** 

"So why did Vesta come to see you?" Agnes hooked her bra and put on her ruined panties. 

"I marked her the night you went on your date with the deputy fellow," James spoke casually. 

Agnes stopped cold. 

"You what?" she was in the middle of putting on her shirt, her heart pounding.

"I thought we should grow our coven to increase our power," James shrugged. But his smile was like a cut to Agnes's heart. His whiskey eyes sparkled with glee to see Agnes turn red and clench her jaw in jealousy.

"What the fuck?" she cried out. "You're fucking other girls?" 

Suddenly the old Agnes was coming back, the one that raged at Beau's infidelities but did nothing about them. The Agnes that allowed boys to use her as a sex toy only to throw her away when they tired of her. 

It made her sick. The serpent felt her pain and hissed in agreement.

"I'm an incubus," James defended. "I feed on sex. The more sex we both have to more power we have. Besides it wasn't me Vesta was sleeping with."

"That doesn't make it better!" Agnes spoke through gritted teeth. 

Some of the windows began to crack at the force of Agnes's anger and jealousy just like when she tried to kill Frank before Nolan arrested him. The whole house shook with every glass breaking.

"You should be flattered," James continued. "Vesta has the biggest thing for you. That's why she's so mean to you. She wants you."
