 **Author's Note: This is the FINAL chapter of my story. From now on I'm only going to post finished stories so as not to torture those who love my stories. It's a bit rough but I hope the ending provides some closure.

********************

Michelle, Vesta, Beau, and Charlie settled themselves into the hotel room of the Fitzgerald.

"How come Agnes can't sense your familiar?" Vesta asked as she laid out her outfit for the night, a sexy red top to help show off her new breasts with a black leather skirt and a black mesh top.

"I cast a concealing spell on myself," Michelle snapped.

"Must be exhausting," Vesta miffed in her Mean Girl fashion. "Hiding your true self; the ugly side of you."

"You would know, Vesta," Michelle sniped back making Vesta glare.

Before they could have it out though, Agnes returned.

Agnes was melancholy when she met back up with everyone. Charlie and Beau were sharing a room while the girls shared another. Michelle was the first to realize something was bothering her friend.

"You look like a kid who was just realized there was no Santa Claus," Michelle said, her green eyes concerned. 

"Yeah anything we can do," Vesta's blue eyes were screaming desperation which Agnes didn't have time for.

"Let's go out to the casinos," Agnes said. "Charlie!"

"Charlie's 16 he can't go to any of the casinos," Michelle said.

Agnes didn't even knock on the door adjoining their rooms as she walked in to find Charlie laying on the bed relaxing listening to Lady GaGa on his iPod. Agnes pulled out his ear bud and said, "We're going out now. Put on those leather pants I secretly got you for your last birthday."

"Where are we going?" Charlie asked, excitement sparkling in his eyes.

"A casino," Agnes said. 

"Awesome idea," Vesta chimed. "Beau can carry our purses and get us drinks. Right, Babe?"

Beau nodded dumbly. Michelle and Agnes exchanged confused glances. Something was up with Beau that Vesta wasn't sharing.

***

They settled on the Savoy Casino on the waterfront. Agnes wanted to freshen up with a soothing bath to wash away the smell of her brother's strong cologne. Her sex drive was unsettled and once more she ached for James, the real devil on her shoulder. 

She leaned back and closed her eyes, sending out a silent call to her Incubus to come to her. Agnes felt James's tender yet cruel lips on hers. His musk intoxicated her, sending an electric shock through her veins awaking her every nerve ending. 

Agnes opened her indigo eyes to see James's whiskey dangerous eyes sparkling back at her. 

"You went to see your brother again," James smirked. "I'm not surprised. He does have an impressive cock."

"I went to discuss finances," Agnes sighed. 

"Boring," James sat back and Agnes turned around and leaned into James, her body fit snugly against his. How did that happen? They were two pieces of an evil dark puzzle. With Nolan Agnes felt at peace. The world was full of light in Nolan's strong arms with his warm charcoal eyes looking down at her. But with James it was all wild passion that made Agnes hungry for more. 

"I need money," Agnes sighed. "If I want to move out of Paradise Falls I'm going to have to practically live at the diner to make enough money to get an apartment."

"There is a spell we can do to help increase your fortunes," James whispered seductively making Agnes's skin quiver with delight.

With the flick of James's wrist he produced an ancient silver coin with a pentagram on one side and a tao cross on the other. He chucked the coin up into the air then when it came back down it became an ordinary casino $100 chip. 

"What is that?" Agnes took the magic chip from James and examined it. 

"A Felix Coin," James explained kissing Agnes's shoulder giving her goosebumps. "But it comes at a price..."

"What kind of price?" Agnes smiled when she saw the iniquitous look in her demon's eyes.

James motioned Agnes closer with the flick of his finger. She leaned back, his hot breath in her ear making her melt. He whispered into her ear and Agnes grinned. 

Agnes felt James's demonic masculinity pressed against her aching womanhood. The tub was big enough for two but Agnes and James liked to be on top of each other. His breath on her neck made goosebumps erupt all over her porcelain skin. 

He turned her head and their mouths met in seething lust. Agnes moaned into James's mouth as she felt his hand cupping her ripe womanhood. Her clit was already engorged and sensitive to James's every movement. Agnes gasped as James grazed a finger against it.

Agnes sucked on James's rough tongue as he stroked her satin insides. She bucked her hips making splashes, her pink pearl rubbing against his palm. She wanted him inside her. Agnes lifted herself up. Reading her desires, James took hold of her hips and guided her onto his throbbing cock. 

Agnes took a sharp intake of breath then groaned as she felt James's manhood slowly stretch her vaginal walls, piercing her feminine core. A shudder of pleasure shot through Agnes as she rocked her hips in a slow rhythm. James grunted like a beast in heat into the nape of Agnes's neck, her wet hair smelling of wild flowers. 

Hot waves of ecstasy rippled through their bodies in shared lust and equal passion as some of the bath water began to end up on the tile floor. Agnes went up and down, rotating her hips and moaning like an animal as James's molten rod pierced her tender flesh, hitting her G-Spot making her climax build.

James bit into Agnes's shoulder almost hard enough to break her soft white skin only to leave a red mark. James erupted first, shooting his hot seed into Agnes's womb. He felt her muscles clench, locking his cock inside of her as her own body spasmed in the throes of her orgasm. 

Agnes cried out in ecstasy as James kissed her neck. She arched her back as the waves of pleasure washed over her like a wave crashing on the golden shore. He breathed hotly into his mortal beloved's ear, "I hope that's not all you got in you."

James caressed Agnes's firm round breasts. Her nipples puckered into small pink diamonds sensitive to the touch. James ran his thumb across one making Agnes shiver. He was still rock hard inside her pulsating core. 

***

Michelle leaned against the doorway outside the bathroom listening to Agnes and James fucking like tigers in heat in the wild. The snake inside her hissed in displeasure while Michelle's conscience gagged in disgust at her jealousy. What right had Michelle to be jealous? James was hardly ever satisfied with anyone but Agnes. What was so special about her?

"Michelle, you look green," Vesta walked up to Michelle wearing her black leather skirt, red tank and black mesh top. Her lips were a stunning ruby red and her long yellow hair was a sexy bed head like she just woke up from a night of passion.

"You look hot," Michelle complimented dryly. "I doubt Agnes will notice though."

"Oh I think she will," Vesta did a little flirty spin. "Especially with these new additions." Vesta squeezed her small fuller breasts making Michelle swallow hard. If Agnes wasn't going to fuck Vesta tonight Michelle probably will. 

"But tell her to hurry up or we'll be late," Vesta complained. 

***

"So where are we going?" Charlie asked excited. "Clubs?"

"You're 16," Michelle chuckled. 

"So? I'm more mature than you hags," Charlie stuck out his tongue playfully. Agnes pinched her baby brother's earlobe with a warm smile. 

"Casinos," Agnes said. 

"If I'm too young for a gay club then I can't go into a casino," Charlie chided as he rubbed his somewhat sore ear. 

"I can get us in," Agnes winked. 

"I did just learn this trick...," Vesta smiled evilly. Agnes watched closely as Vesta pulled out a simple playing card. The Ace of Hearts. Then with a flick of her wrist it turned into an ID with Charlie's name and new birth date on it.

"Clever," Michelle rolled her eyes. 

"Impressive," Agnes begrudgingly complimented. She couldn't help but think how hot Vesta looked. Her top showed ample cleavage and those knee high black boots were turning Agnes on shamefully. 

"Let's go, Beau," Vesta called. "Don't forget my purse."

Beau followed obediently like a whipped dog. Agnes caught Vesta by the arm and asked, "What exactly did you do to him?"

Vesta leaned in closer, their mouths in tantalizing proximity, "Maybe I'll tell you if you ask me nicely..."

***

They went to the water front casino the Pink Diamond. Being that Charlie and Beau were with three hot women it didn't seem to matter too much to the bouncers or security guards. Beau walked in a daze beside Vesta looking like a zombie. 

"Ok who wants drinks?" Michelle asked as Agnes surveyed the tables. 

"Beau will get us some," Vesta chimed. "Won't you, honey?" 

Beau numbly nodded. After he took down orders from the group Agnes caught Vesta's arm whispering harshly, "Okay what did you do to him?"

Vesta smiled innocently, "I don't know what you mean."

"Don't bull shit me," Agnes hissed tightening her grip. Vesta's perfume muddled Agnes's senses. She didn't want to be turned on right now. The anger only seemed to increase Agnes's desire. 

"Why does it matter?" Vesta shrugged Agnes off leaning closer so that their mouths were within a tantalizing distance. "But if you're really curious then we can have a more private conversation."

Agnes's heart thumped as she clenched her fists. An electric thrill shot through Agnes's clit. Why was Vesta turning her on so much? But she managed to pull herself away, marching towards a Black Jack table.

***

"So why a casino?" Charlie asked as he sipped his Chocolate martini. 

As Agnes watched the dealer cut the cards she leaned over and whispered, "If we're going to leave Paradise Falls then we're going to have to more money."

Charlie smiled. They always talked about leaving their one horse ignorant town goodbye but those were always fantasies. Now they felt like an actual possibility. Charlie could forgive Agnes for the past few months. 

"Bets?" the male dealer said in a mechanical tone. Agnes lifted up her lucky $100 chip, the one James had given her then set it on the table. 

As the game went on, Agnes watched that $100 multiply. Vesta hung on Agnes's arm. Michelle kept giving Vesta the evil eye but the high school mean girl only smirked as Agnes became more relaxed as that $100 became $1,000. 

People gathered around to see the girl who could not seem to lose. Michelle was the only one who remained vigilant. She could feel the cameras focus on them; feel the eyes of the pit boss and his goons watching with intensity. 

"Maybe we should try the slots," Michelle suggested to an excited Agnes. 

"I think I want to try poker," Vesta intervened. 

Charlie began to share Michelle's unease, "Michelle and I will do slots."

Agnes was barely listening, nodding and shrugging them off. She and Vesta collected the winnings and went to roulette table instead. They caused quite a stir as Vesta and Agnes rolled the dice. To make it look inconspicuous Vesta lost a few hundred dollars but Agnes didn't let up. She was riding a winning high.

"That chip has some mojo," Vesta whispered into Agnes's ear, her lips practically kissing her ear lobe. 

"It's not just the chip," Agnes winked as she held up the pair of red die to Vesta's ruby lips. "For luck."

Vesta pursed her full lips gently blowing warm air onto the dice. Vesta's breath touched Agnes's skin creating goose bumps on her palm. She rolled the pair of red dice onto the green felt table once again rolling a 7 to the cheer of the crowd.

Vesta and Agnes looked at each other. Both could feel the sexual heat from the other. Both of their insides vibrating. Agnes forgot that they were once enemies. All that was left was a raw need for gratification.

***

Agnes forced Vesta into the girl's bathroom, their mouths connected and tongues furiously entangled. They didn't notice the other women who were a bit uncomfortable with the display of lesbian lust. 

Vesta pulled Agnes into an empty stall then forced Agnes against the wall forcing her tongue down Agnes's throat as she squeezed her round breast. Agnes then pushed Vesta into the other stall wall with such force they almost knocked it over. 

Vesta helped Agnes tear off her shirt to reveal the sheer bra that contained her new breasts. 

Agnes caressed Vesta's breasts. They had a nice weight to them. The pink nipples were engorged, ripe like cherries ready for plucking. Vesta licked her lips as she felt Agnes's tender touch on her new breasts.

"Careful, sweetie," Vesta cooed. "They're still a bit sensitive."

Agnes smirked then softly kissed her right nipple that was as hard as a diamond puckering through the sheer fabric. Vesta sighed heavenly as her lover pulled down the bra to get a better look at her ripe peaks. Agnes licked the sensitive nub, flicking the hardened pearl with her soft tongue. Vesta leaned back against the bathroom stall as her knees weakened. 

Vesta began to touch herself, feeling that she was wet already, "Suck on them, please."

Agnes couldn't help but take satisfaction from making her high school rival beg. Agnes teased both of Vesta's ripe pink nipples a little more making her whimper with need as the former head cheer leader rubbed herself furiously. 

Vesta ran her fingers through Agnes's hair as she felt her warm mouth on her rosy peak, sucking and nibbling like a loving newborn. Agnes bit hard making Vesta cry out in pain but then melt into sighs of pleasure. 

"Harder," Vesta moaned. "Bite me harder."

Agnes obliged, working the other nipple with her mouth and tweaking the other with her fingers. Agnes could smell the musk of Vesta's arousal and it started to make her wet too. Women on the outside gossiped or did their business and the prospect of them hearing Agnes and Vesta fool around was erotically thrilling. 

"Oh my—," Agnes placed her mouth on Vesta's to suppress her cries. She was just so overcome with passion as she snaked her tongue into Vesta's whimpering mouth. Agnes took Vesta's hand, the one working her own wet center and shoved them into her panties. 

Vesta moaned as she felt that Agnes was as wet as herself. Vesta rubbed Agnes, opening her folds and inserting a finger making Agnes groan into her mouth and bite her lip. Agnes worked Vesta's sweet berry that was fat with arousal while her other hand played with her breast. They came together in muffled screams.

Both women shuddered the remnants of their orgasm together, leaning against the stall for support, panting with exhaustion. 

"Like I always imagined...," Vesta whispered. 

"Don't ruin it by talking," Agnes grunted as she slipped her tongue back into Vesta's honeyed mouth. 

***

Vesta and Agnes walked out of the bathroom looking disheveled. Agnes looked around for Charlie and Michelle only to find 4 men in black suits surround them. One spoke robotically, "Ma'am, we need you to come with us."

"What's the problem?" Agnes tensed. 

"Just need you to come with us," he said again. 

***

Agnes and Vesta were herded into an office in the back where a man surrounded by security TVs watching the casino floor. Michelle and Charlie were sitting in chairs. Her brother held an ice pack to his red cheek. Charlie looked so green he would puke if not so self conscious. 

"What did you do to my brother?" Agnes demanded, her temper flaring. If she still had the serpent familiar it would be hissing as furiously as her.

Michelle sat with her hands gripping the arms of her chair, her manicured nails digging into the wood, her soft green eyes alert like a cat with it's hair standing on end.

"He's a spit fire that one," a man spoke from behind the desk.

A man in his mid 50s sat at the desk. He was bald with pale blue eyes like icicles that saw through everything.

"We tried asking him a few questions and he gave us a few smart ass remarks." 

"Is there a problem, sir?" Vesta asked as if the Pit Boss was just another loser on the high school social totem pole. Rich girls, Agnes moaned in her head. 

"You girls won a lot of money tonight," the Pit Boss croaked. Agnes read the name on the desk Mr. Fink. Sounded like a snitch or a lackey of the mob. 

"Just lucky I guess," Agnes kept her voice level, innocent. Her indigo eyes were wary. 

"No one's that lucky," Mr. Fink stood up from his desk. He wore a fine gray suit and a silver rolex. Something told Agnes Mr. Fink liked to skim the pot himself once or twice. "$500,000? Never."

"Or perhaps your casino isn't all that great," Vesta scoffed. "You should hire more competent card dealers."

"Shut up, Vesta," Michelle snapped. 

"So how did you do it?" Mr. Fink ignored the girls fighting. "Counting cards? Radios? You have an accomplice?"

Agnes placed her hands in her pockets, feeling the Ancient Coin turned into a chip nervously. The power from the sex she had earlier coursed through her veins like lava begging to be used. But Agnes saw Charlie twitching.

She couldn't let him get caught in the cross fire. One of the men grabbed her wrist, the one with the coin fiddling in between her fingers. Her hand print marked on her chest itched like crazy. 

"What's this?" Mr. Fink asked as one of the men forcibly pulled out her hand to show their boss what she was holding. 

"Just a good luck charm," Agnes said quietly. Her blood sang as the coin disguised as a casino chip trembled in her hand... or was that Agnes?

Mr. Fink snatched the coin and inspected it. Agnes felt not only herself but Vesta and... a third party vibrating with heat. The whole room began to feel like an oven. One of the men wiped his gleaming brow. Agnes felt the mark burn. James?

"A fake coin," Mr. Fink wondered aloud. There was a glass of water with ice on his desk that began to sweat bullets. "Seen a few of these in my day."

Mr. Fink dropped the chip in the water expecting it to dissolve like so many fake chips that passed through his casino but instead the glamour of the chip dissolved. Mr. Fink's brow furrowed, "What the f—"

Suddenly Mr. Fink heard a gurgling/hissing sound from behind. He spun around to see one of his men in the air with a snake hissing as it bit down on his jugular then dropping him to the floor with a thud. 

Vesta's mouth was open wide and through it the snake lunged at the other men. One had his gun out which misfired, the bullet heading directly towards Charlie. 

Agnes reacted launching herself in front of the bullet but someone else materialized in front of her too.

James stood there calm, his whiskey eyes cold and dark, his mouth curved into an evil smile that usually sent shivers down to Agnes's pussy. Now it only sent cold tendrils crawling up her spine. 

"James...," Agnes gasped. The bullet hit him right in his heart but the demon shrugged it off like it was a mosquito bite. 

In the blink of an eye James punched a hole through the shooter's chest making a sickening squishing/cracking sound as it broke through bone and flesh, his hand coming out the other side bloody. The man's body jerked then went still. 

"Oh my god...," Mr. Fink stood frozen. 

Vesta's familiar slithered back down her throat and she adjusted her clothes with a cavalier air matching her rich station. 

"That was fun," Vesta winked at James. 

Mr. Fink was the only one left alive. 

"Are you okay, Charlie?" Agnes turned quickly to her baby brother who's face became ashen with fright. 

"No! There are dead bodies everywhere!" Charlie cried. 

"We have to get out of here," Michelle stood up quickly. 

"What about him?" Vesta pointed at the now trembling Mr. Fink. 

"We can't have any witnesses," James sighed. Just as he was about to step forward, Michelle stood in James's way. 

