 After a lot of confusion Martin Christie found himself deep in the crowd that had formed under the big evil's finger. He had died and he was in a place that he regretted ever going to or ever even believing had existed for that matter. All that surrounded him now were lost souls who lived in a dangerous state of morbid bliss feeding upon one another every waking moment. They were of the most evil kind and deep down he knew if he was noticed that he would be next on the menu and that scared him to no end. Martin had sinned badly and he delved deep within himself to cling to whatever light still protected him from the evils that his corrupted soul seemed to be consumed and devoured by in this ungodly place. Naked and vulnerable he drifted weightlessly and endlessly in a darkness that seemed to have no end to it. 

Off in the distance sometimes closer than others he could hear the cries of the other tormented souls that spent their eternity here. The sounds they made were of anguish in the most resigned tones fully accepting whatever fate had befallen them in their end days. It was a pitiful sound to hear as they moaned and often screamed broken and utterly defeated in the torment that was their eternity. Then there was that other sound that echoed throughout the cursed realm; a sound of pure malice that had to have come from whatever dark demons frequented here. Those sounds were ones of lustful ecstasy and whenever they grew louder and fiercest was usually when the souls here would chime in with their sorrowful moans.

Martin had no desire to make those sounds himself and desperately hoped he would go unnoticed as he drifted alone in the depths of the abyss. He was a fighter at heart and always managed somehow but this was an endless nothing where he was drifting and there weren't any things to be had and that was what truly frightened him. He was a pragmatist in life and was full of sneaky ways out of things and other ways to always cut his losses to the minimum but here he felt as if some piece of bate floating for the taking of the vilest of demons to make bad on. It wasn't fair he thought; he had been a devil himself in life to many people but he always kept it sporting enough so that anyone involved still had some kind of chance to win too if he let his guard down. In truth he liked to live solely for sport of things and some of the best fights he had in life were the ones that he had lost and the fact that he'd been killed in the prime of his life to come here was proof of that. 

Suddenly he felt a wave ripple in the air that seemed dangerously close to him and he felt that another presence was somewhere near dark and foreboding. There was a presence that seemed to be lurking all around him all of a sudden and fear started to run rampant in his addled mind. He felt like one time when he was a member of the living, he was deep sea diving and a shark had found him and started to circle him. He had never felt so helpless in his surroundings as he did then as that shark would disappear into the murky water from sight only to reappear terrifying him back and forth... this by far was worse. A cool chill ran down his as he could sense it moving all around him though he could not see it then it spoke to him in a female voice with a wickedly seductive tone that made his skin crawl, "My, my, what a succulent soul you are... such a morsel", making him fear for himself all the more.

Martin simply prayed to himself in his head or was it out load? He said, "God, I know I have sinned, I'll try to be better and I wish I wasn't so bad at being a Christian... I really mean this! But what am I to do as a mortal with the weakness of the flesh anyhow... PLEASE forgive me and I've really tried and keep the evil off of me here... HELP NOW PLEASE I'M BEGGING!"

Martin trembled as he looked around in the darkness that shared so many other twisted souls like his own. He could sense them and what they did but he had managed to keep away from them up till now. "It's a little late for that now isn't it?" the voice said again this time with a hint of tease. "The final hour for redemption passed a long time ago for you... God doesn't want you anymore... no I'm afraid he won't have you now... you are going to be mine now... mine to play with... he won't bother with you now... poor, poor little lost soul all alone with an evil temptress to use him as she pleases." The voice said exuberating with tease and malice as she started to laugh wickedly with the cruelest intent. 

"Please just leave me alone! I want no part of you!" shouted Martin with tears starting to run down his terrified face. The voice seemed to come from all around him to the point that he was afraid to even move his eyes in fear for what he might see. This just wasn't right by him, there had to be something he could do to muster up some kind of defense he thought to himself.

The voice purred right into his ear from behind him leaving a chill cold dark and eerily soothing, "You should have thought about that before you came here... mmmm... now you're going to be Eseltra's little slave yes you are." He felt a set of soft slender feminine hands rest upon his naked shoulders as a full set of lushes lips pressed into his ear and breathed something warm into him. His body reacted with thousands of little tingles that spread feverishly throughout him making his mind fuzzy and his body reel intensely breaking into goose bumps. It was like nothing he had ever felt before and it felt amazing; but deep down it also felt like something had invaded his very being intrusively in a dark and corrupting way. Martin wasn't a fool and realized the danger he was in and forced himself to focus. 

"Feels good doesn't it my little lamb?" Eseltra said as she embraced him from behind pressing a full set of warm breasts onto Martin's back as she slid her arms around his chest as she enveloped his body tightly. Martin squirmed a bit but she was far stronger than any mortal woman and he could not pull her arms away from himself. Realizing that resistance was futile he went very still trembling ever so slightly in her tight alluring embrace. "But my you are trembling." Eseltra said snuggling her face into the crook of his neck resting her head there and biting him gently. "Whatever are you afraid of?" she said with mock innocence.

This was getting to be too much for Martin. He felt like he was going to be eaten by a black widow, a very sensuous black widow at that and he needed answers. "What are you? What do you want with me?" he said mustering up a little courage into his voice. Hearing his own voice with some found confidence spurred him on and spoke again this time more steadily. "I don't even know your face... I would know it." 

Martin waited for a response but all he got was silence now and playful nibbling and soft kisses under the nape of his neck making him squirm with discomfort. "You said your name was Eseltra... it's a fine name of course... dripping with seductive dark elegance like an aged heady red Methuselah just ripened for the lustrous drinking of kings and queens of only the highest kingdoms in the pinnacle of their gracious rule..." He said working up some of his old charm and gothic inclined poetic side he used to use to awe ladies into bed(When he wasn't just making subordinates do things for his pleasure that worked under him that was). 

Eseltra spun him around immediately and was face to face with her prey grinning smugly as she stared directly into Martin's shocked blue eyes. Before him was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. Eseltra's face was pale in complexion with finely sculpted features complemented splendidly with long jet black hair and a models full voluptuous naked body... but it was her eyes that held him helpless to her will. Eseltra's eye color was crimson like blood and she had a wolfish predatory look to them as she stared deeply into Martin's holding him frozen with fear. 

Stunned Martin started to stutter something out but Eseltra simply laid a figure on his upper lip all the while looking deep into his eyes and he felt helpless to speak. Eseltra held her gaze on him making him helplessly lost to break away. She started to form a cruel smile and she moved her hand from his lips and started to move it down trailing upon his chest slowly moving toward his nether regions. Martin felt Eseltra's hand brush past his pubic hairs briefly teasingly. 

"Those eyes... what are you?" said Martin with fear now being clouded by lust for her dark beauty.

Eseltra's hand found his growing erection and wrapped around it firmly making him shudder. "I am your eternity my poor little Mr. Christie. You must have done some naughty things for one of my kind to be able to have you; for it is among only the most perverse souls that a lust spirit gets to lay claim to." She started a gentle stroking motion forcing him to become hard and erect at the touch of her skillful hands. She continued the stroking motions with grace and finesse and though it roused Martin terribly somehow it repulsed him a little. He was getting this whether he wanted it or not and it felt too much like she was taking him without his consent and that truly humiliated him deep down. She continued this grinning cruelly as she starred into his eyes knowing the position she was having him go through then spoke to him promisingly, "It is forever that you will satisfy my lust... you are only for me now... you are my slave."

Suddenly Martin felt warm under the collar as she kept working his manhood over with her hand using nothing more than his loose skin which was getting tighter and tighter by the second. Martin groaned. "I'm your plaything now? I don't think so..." he said a bit perplexed finding this very hard to accept. Martin had risen quickly into the ranks of a fairly large corporation and liked being in positions of power. He had become a CEO in record time and could hire and fire as he so chose but more the latter. He was a man of power and not just some toy that could be taken so easily so he spoke, "I think we could work out a deal, maybe work together... I'll be your partner in crime maybe? Really a guy like me at your side? Think about it Eseltra... I'm hardly slave material. We could have some fun in this place with some of the other lost souls even", he said with a bit of hopeful malice in his voice.

Eseltra giggled and smiled pleasantly looking into him with seemingly compassionate eyes, "Oh I know what you are thinking lamb... but rest assured you are the slave and I am the master... the mistress... the cruel mistress." She dropped her smile and her face turned cold and with an adamant face cooler than steel she said, "Enjoy this while you can; for your pleasure will soon become quite treacherous and then you will learn the true meaning of the word despair." Then she said with venom in her voice, "You are nothing more than a plaything now for Mistress Eseltra now and forever... get used to it." She sprung upon Martin taking his head with her free hand forcing her lips upon his and kissed him so cruelly that it hurt. Martin let out a little whimper into her invading mouth as she ravenously fed upon him with her feral kisses. 

Martin tried to break the kiss and get her off him but he quickly learned that whatever Eseltra was that she was way stronger than he ever was and she didn't budge an inch. His eyes widened further as she stroked her other hand faster on his cock. His swollen member was growing hot and starting to itch and burn as she relentlessly worked it over. Suddenly she pulled his hard member under her and she plunged herself deeply upon it swallowing it up into the warm slippery depths of her silken love hole. Wrapping her legs around his back she started to ride him with raging vigor as his member slid deeply back and forth into her vaginal depths as she viciously kissed his lips crushing them under her own. 

Eseltra's intensity was astounding as she thrashed around on him her full ripe breasts flaying all over his naked chest and face and Martin knew he wasn't going to last very long if she continued using him at this pace. This was intense animal sex in its rawest purest form and it was unlike any he had ever had before. In his past he'd taken advantage of and ravished many of his subordinate workers mercilessly but never anything like this. As much as he hated not being in control he was the one being taken and it was overwhelming his senses immensely! 

Eseltra rode him expertly rising off the top of his throbbing member just far enough to allow the head to barely leave her slick lips kissing the head of his cock ever so slightly before plunging back down on him swallowing him up till her pussy met against his shaken body only to repeat the process madly over and over again. She broke the kiss and pulled away and to Martin's horror blood was dripping down her lips. Eseltra grinned down at him showing her crimson stained teeth with sheer delight knowing how this must cow and disgust him as she rode him never slowing down for a beat. Eseltra lavishly licked her lower lip down to her chin smearing his blood around taunting her prey in a macab seductive way and through bloodied teeth said poutingly, "Is the little lamb going to cum for mommy?"

The pouty expression slowly turned into a mischievious smile that leered back at him as she picked up her pace even more. Martin felt his orgasm start to build as his loins continued to burn as she rode him furiously letting her full ripe breasts bounce every which way driving him closer and closer to release. That's when it started to happen he was going to cum and Eseltra could feel it so she only rode him more forceful and quickly skillfully pushing him far past the breaking point for the grandest of climaxes. Martin's eyes started to blur and his breath became labored as he started to moan weakly each time he breathed out making a sickish "Uhhhhh... uhhhh..." as his orgasm started to reach its climax. Tears started to run down his face and his mind just seemed to shut down as the sensations overwhelmed him past the breaking point as he erupted deeply inside her filling her with rope after rope of his thick hot semen. He let out a cry that was more animal than it was human upon ejaculation and fainted. Then succumbed as the darkness took him all the while Eseltra rode him further and further feeding voraciously upon his sexual energies with an appetite that could never be sated till the last tiny spark was completely absorbed from his soul... this was only the beginning. 

It felt like Martin had been sleeping for days and suffered the most intense of wet dreams that never seemed to end. His manhood felt painfully soar and his balls ached even worse making him feel very sick in the stomach. Tears started to form in the corners of his eyes as tried to make sense of where he was. He slowly opened his tired eyes weakly with much effort and his vision started to unblur slowly as he took in his surroundings. Suddenly he realized that he was in a fond embrace and a very soft body that he had recently become familiar with enveloped him very possessively. He felt slick with sweat and Eseltra's oily secretions as she squeezed him letting her large perky breasts push into his thick muscular chest. She had broken him and stolen all of his energy and will for herself leaving him completely at the mercy to her every whim. Lazily she squeezed her broken toy and started to roll her hips back at him making him realize he was still inside of her with a massive erection that throbbed painfully having long been spent; yet still it obeyed her will to be milked as long as she desired and needed it making things especially intense as she tormented him with her sex. 

Martin moaned and made that sound the other souls had been making all the while that he had dreaded so much and had secretly hoped he would never have to make himself. "Please stop Eseltra", he whimpered as she playfully nipped at his neck with her fanged teeth drawing small little founts along his neck. Eseltra ignored him and continued to roll her hips rocking her swollen pink labia ever so incessantly upon his aching member making his stomach double over sickly with every little throb. "Eseltra pleeaaase..... it hurts....." Martin whined to her as she rhythmically worked over his aching member gently milking him in a continuous never ending orgasm feeding upon his sexual essence sating herself again and again. She moaned in ecstasy running the tip of her tongue around each little mark she had made upon his tender throat leaving little tickling sensations teasing his little wounds playing with his blood. She spoke between licks, "You know I really don't need to give you a reason for anything slave. Many of my sisters would simply take your tongue... would you like that perhaps?" 

Although Martin wasn't having much luck moving anyhow it was still visible that he'd froze altogether in Eseltra's arms upon hearing this morbid suggestion. "Obedient when it's your tongue are you?" she teased giving a pouty look of concern looking deeply into his eyes. She rode him slowly still milking him all the more with her silken vaginal walls that ordinarily would have been pure heaven, though nothing more than a cruel vice to his tortured member now making him suffer in ways he'd never known possible. She rested her head down into the nape of his neck and pushed the thick lips of her labia all the way down onto him swallowing him up to the hilt of his shaft taking his body into a very loving embrace holding him ever so tightly. "Relax my pet. You are mine now, you should be happy that you are satisfying your master so splendidly. You could have had much worse luck you know... I'll even let you keep your tongue if you behave well." she said with a slight laugh. She flexed her vaginal walls and then clamped down on him forcing out some more of his semen that her body sucked up greedily making him spasm and shake uncontrollably in her arms. "I love it when a slave trembles in my arms." She looked back into his eyes again suddenly with a pout on her lips that were wet with his blood. "Can you cry for me? Poor, poor lost little broken soul... taken away from his family for a dirty mistress's pleasures... for all his eternity." She smiled down at him cruelly with evil eyes that mocked him awaiting a response.

Hearing this truly did make his mind despair horribly and he was all too willing to accept her peculiar suggestion. He started to shake even more and tears welled up in his pitifully sad eyes. "I'm sorry", he said over and over like a lost little child who'd been recently disciplined by a parent and didn't know what else to say. Eseltra found this delectable as she started rocking her hips upon his member again which only made him cry harder and continue his apologetic please. She stroked the hair from his forehead like a mother would do to assuage a child she had just punished in some way that had broken its heart. She continued to stroke his face with seemingly genuine love then moved her tongue to trace the tear streaks lining his face tasting them savoring his sorrow. The more she did this the more he succumbed to the fake love she was giving him clinging to anything that might make his horrible predicament a little less unpleasant. Martin had broken for her and was nothing more than a toy for her amusement to play with forever; little more than a shell of who he was in life for Eseltra to have for all eternity.

For Martin Christie, his fate was sealed.

This is my first work at erotic horror and was just testing myself to see if I have what it takes to write anything worth a damn. I'm open to suggestions from anyone or constructive criticism, so please feel free to leave some feedback. Also I have much more to write about Martin as he succumbs to the evil mistress Eseltra in his adventures in the abyss so if you liked my tale let me know.