 The vast night sky shines it's mystery and power down to the land enveloping the houses underneath with its mysterious glow. The infinite light of the cosmos raining down from the heavens.

In a nice yet unassuming house under the night sky, candles are lit in a back room. A mattress has been placed in the middle of the room as a makeshift altar with candles lit and flickering their warm glow all around. A beautiful woman lies bound on the mattress with her arms raised up and tied to the headboard at the end of the mattress. She is barefoot with sweatpants and a casual t-shirt on. She has been freshly showered, her long blonde hair still damp and wet. She has been blindfolded and is writhing and moaning in ecstasy while being fondled and groped by a mysterious man.

Her name is Chelsea Laurels and she is a prominent news anchor with DNN which stands for Daily News Network. The beautiful reporter and journalist had been researching a mysterious man named James Beast which is pronounced "best" who was an enigma. Charismatic, suave, and attractive, he made women swoon. He was a billionaire and it was said that he might be the leader of a satanic sex cult. It was whispered that he might even be a powerful witch and could make women sexually pleasured with his mind or with magic, having them experience sexual pleasure as though he was physically doing it to them from anywhere in the world. Some said he was a powerful sorcerer while others said he was some kind of demon. It was also said that he might be some sort of immortal, a God, a God King actually. Some said he had super powers and even hinted he might be a vampire. 

She was drawn to this story because she felt like someone was seducing her when she was alone. She could not explain it she just knew that someone was there and that she was not imagining anything, she felt the presence of someone with a really huge cock. She could feel him breathing between her legs driving her crazy, making her so horny. She was drawn to the shower room and constantly masturbating there to this presence she felt while having incredibly vivid very erotic dreams, visions, and premonitions. She suspected that many other colleagues at DNN were also experiencing the same thing as well as women from other networks but it was something she really could not talk to anyone about so she kept it to herself.

When she first found out about the mysterious man named James Beast she was drawn to him immediately feeling a powerful attraction and yearning. All the mystery around James drove women wild because the only thing they knew definitively was that he was a God in bed and that he had a really huge cock, the most perfect cock by all accounts. Countless women who had sex with him all could not stop talking about how good he was in bed and how he knew how to really pleasure a woman, how to touch her, how experienced he was, and how big his cock was. They would go on and on about how much and how hard he would make them cum, how much and how loud he would make them scream and moan. They would talk about how wet he would make their pussies and how horny he would make them. Hearing other women talk this way about the same man made so many women hot. He was able to get countless women wrapped around his big, fat Persian dick! It was whispered that one reason he was so good in bed is because he could absorb any guy's memory and experience fucking a woman and take it away permanently making him the one that really fucked her! The thought made many women shudder with arousal as well as the possibilities. She jumped at the opportunity to get this story.

The mysterious man named James Beast removes the blindfolds around Chelsea Laurels eyes. The room is very warm from the flickering heat of the candles around the altar. He looks into her eyes then kisses her passionately, He is a very experienced kisser. Her pussy is dripping wet. He gropes her breasts while kissing her and runs his hands on top of her legs. He excites her so much! He starts necking her really hard which makes her shudder and rubs her pussy from the top of her sweatpants which can be seen to be wet because of the wet spot on her sweatpants. He starts kissing her again really hard and reaches under her shirt touching her breasts directly. She pants excitedly as he rips her shirt off exposing her perfect, tasty bare breasts. Kissing and necking her, he gropes and fondles her excited tits. She writhes over and over again as he puts his hands beneath her sweatpants and rubs her really wet pussy hard! He removes her sweatpants slowly, revealing the sexy thong underneath.

Chelsea trembles with arousal as James caresses her all over, rubbing her feet, massaging her exposed bare legs up and down, touching the inside of her thighs, rubbing her belly and groping her tits. She loses herself in his hot hands as he touches her everywhere. He puts his hands beneath her thong and rubs her freshly shaved pussy as she screams for more, helplessly writhing unable to escape his probing caresses and hungry touches because her hands are bound. Her pussy is sopping wet! James removes her thong slowly and spreads her legs apart wide tying them to the other end of the bed. He looks into her eyes and says, "Do you know what I'm going to do next?" 

She is completely bound and naked now, her freshly shaved pussy glistening with her eager nectar in the flickering candlelight. Her breasts are heaving and she replies while trembling excitedly, "You are going to have your way with me all night long and I am helpless to stop it. I am all yours! Take me! Own Me! I beg of you! I am your sex slave forever!"

Chelsea could not believe she had just said the words that came out of her mouth! Her face became red and her whole naked body blushed exquisitely. She was being broken in as a new sex slave for James. This was the fourth night he had his way with her since he started fucking her after meeting her when she came to interview him and got seduced instead. 

The rumors are true, he is a God in bed! James is the best fuck she has ever had, not that she had many sex partners before. She is actually quite sexually inexperienced and to be in the arms of someone as experienced as James took her places sexually she never dreamed of reaching. No one has ever made her so wet as he! No one has ever made her cum so hard or so much as he! No one has ever made her moan and scream so loud and so much as he! He is a true master of carnal delights! 

The beautiful Chelsea Laurels, DNN's popular attractive news anchor tied up helplessly naked with a freshly shaved pussy dripping wet about to be made to scream and cum hard for hours and her husband would never know. She smiled as James looks into her eyes as the thought of this went through her mind turning her on even more. 

James starts necking her again hard as he gropes her tits and plays with her nipples, massaging the tips of her nipples with his fingers. He kisses her expertly and licks her tits taking her nipples into his hot mouth and suckling them. He flicks his tongue on her nipples relentlessly. The sound of her tits being suckled makes her so much more hornier, she loves the feeling of not being able to escape his mouth and hands as her breasts are gorged upon. Her nipples glisten with saliva as he alternates suckling and groping them setting them on fire with arousal. He rubs her perfectly shaved pussy while suckling her tits making her moan and writhe more.

Moving his face down to her belly, James starts licking and suckling on her belly button causing moans of pleasure as he tickles and excites her. The sensation on her belly makes her gyrate her hips as she has to endure the pleasure.

James places his hands on her quivering thighs and kisses the inside of her thighs which makes her shudder. James knows what places will really make a woman melt. He licks and suckles the inside of her thighs alternating between each thigh. She can't stop writhing and moaning from all the teasing which he is an expert of increasing her arousal even more. He caresses her legs while moving back up to her tits constantly kissing her, necking her, groping and licking her tits, then moving back down to her legs and thighs licking them up and down.

Chelsea's freshly shaved pussy is so wet that the perfume of her juicy, eager nectar fills the room and gives the whole room the scent of really wet pussy. Her nectar's aroma is so delicious, dripping out of her juicy, tasty, bald pussy.

James hovers his face above her quivering pussy breathing hot breath upon her freshly shaved, juicy feast driving her crazy. She loves feeling his mouth above her pussy teasing her exponentially. Being completely shaved also drives her crazy.

Before four days ago Chelsea had never shaved her pussy before, and now that her hairy bush had been shaved away by James she would never ever go back to being hairy again. Having her pussy completely shaved turns her on so much! She feels even more naked than before. She feels more attuned to her naked body, her breasts feel more exposed, her long legs feel more exposed, she feels more barefoot than before which really drives her crazy! Her pussy feels incredibly more exposed completely bare and vulnerable to James and his intoxicating hot hands, wet hot tongue, and mighty powerful cock.

James teases, "Your pussy looks so delicious!" Her hips are gyrating begging for his hot face, his beard, and goatee between her legs. Her pussy is on fire, his relentless teasing is building her up intensely. She is about to explode at any moment. The thought of being tasted and licked arouses her so much. 

Her mind flashes the last four days and nights being teased, pleasured, licked, and fucked relentlessly. "Please!" she begs. She can't stop thinking about how many times he has already made her cum licking her pussy and how hard she would cum each time. He loves to lick pussy for a long time! "Please! I can't take it anymore!" she begs. Her heart is racing, her breasts are heaving, her naked flesh blushes red as she recollects how many times he has licked her freshly shaved pussy over the course of the last four days and nights! It was a lot! Each time lasted for hours and this was before he fucked her for hours more! With stark realization, she becomes aware she has hardly slept over the last four days and nights because he has constantly been pleasuring and fucking her all day and night!

James teases, "How badly do you want your pussy licked?" He is still hovering his face between her legs teasing her by breathing on her pussy. 

"Please!" she screams gyrating her hips and cumming hard. "Please lick my pussy! It is your feast! I beg of you! I am all yours! I am delicious for you, my master!" James grinned, she was broken in already and has really gotten into being submissive for him.

He teases her more saying, "Your pussy looks so delicious being completely bald and freshly shaved!" 

Her hips are gyrating hard as the teasing continues to drive her crazy making her moan loud and wail with ecstasy. "I am all yours! My pussy needs to be shaved at all times for you! I need to be naked at all times for you!" she screams.

James licks her tits and suckles her nipples really hard, rubbing her wet pussy making her cum hard again. He moves back down to her legs and licks them up and down again, groping her breasts.

He places his face between her thighs breathing again. She pants excitedly, the teasing has made her lose control as she moans repeatedly cumming hard from being teased. He licks her pussy in an upward motion from the bottom of her pussy lips to her clit, then stops. She screams so loud, "Oh yes, yes master!" as she cums so hard.

James moves down to Chelsea's feet continuing to tease her. "Do you like to be barefoot?" he questions her. 

She replies, "I love to be barefoot! I need to be barefoot at all times for you master!" He licks the bottom arches of her feet up and down switching between feet driving her crazy. He circles his tongue on her toes and between her toes continuing to drive her crazy. He dips her middle toes in his mouth like the nipples of her tits making her moan as he switches between her feet.

James moves back up to her pussy and buries his face between her legs, licking her pussy intensely. He slurps her clit causing her to explode over and over again. His tongue flicks over her clit relentlessly as her delicious hips gyrate into his face. She really enjoys having James put his face between her legs. She keeps cumming and cumming and cumming as he licks her delicious freshly shaved pussy, stopping to lick and grope her tits and to lick her everywhere else. The sound of his tongue licking her pussy drives her crazy. She moans and screams endlessly as he licks her very wet pussy for what seems like forever to writhing ecstasy.

He lifts his head from between her legs with pussy juice all over his face. Her tasty nectar drips down from his soaked beard and goatee. The room has a very strong aroma of wet pussy, of her delicious eager nectar. He fingers her wet pussy hard pumping his fingers in and out as she screams loud with satisfaction. The sound of fingers going in and out of her pussy coupled with her moans echo in the room.

James moves his face down and starts licking her asshole, flicking his tongue again and again. The sensation gets her really hot and drives her wild. Hot tongue on her asshole makes her ass hot as lava! She loves it immensely. He slurps her asshole then starts to finger her asshole while licking her pussy more. She wiggles, writhes, and gyrates intensely while wailing in sexual pleasure.

After cumming hard many times, Chelsea's restraints are removed. He gives her a moment to catch her breath then stands her up and ties her hands behind her back. James still has all his clothes on and his huge cock bulges in his pants. He places a pillow on the ground for her knees between some lit candles and motions her down. He rubs her pussy then places her down on the pillow. "Do you know what is next?" he grins. 

"It is time for me to suck your huge cock!" she says eagerly smiling. He unzips his pants and pulls out his huge Persian cock!

He dangles his huge cock in front of her face, she takes in his man scent which drives her crazy. He has the scent of a magnificent stallion, the scent of the Beast, the scent of a God. She places her mouth slowly on his cock and starts to suck the fat beast eagerly. Huge cock goes slowly in and out of her sweet lips as she savors the taste of the huge Persian cock. He tastes like a real man, like the Devil himself, like carnal paradise. She worships James with her mouth sucking on his big, fat Persian dick. She feels a voice in her head whisper, "Wouldn't you like to suck this dick all the time?" 

"Yes, she would!" she thinks to herself. It is decided then she will get a divorce! She could never get enough of this huge cock in her mouth now, she could suck on this dick for all eternity. He pulls his dick out of her mouth, then raises her up standing again.

The mysterious man gorges himself on her tasty breasts once more drowning her nipples in his fiery mouth. He makes her tits feel so good groping them the way they should be groped, licking them the way they should be licked. Her bare breasts cupped in his hands is paradise for her senses. It feels so meant to be, just like his face between her legs, his dick in her mouth, his fat cock in her dripping wet pussy, and his fat cock in her juicy ass!

James sits on the bed with his back to the headboard and beckons her to stand on the bed. She stands in front of his face with her hands still tied behind her back. Her really juicy, dripping wet pussy is in his face. He takes in the sweet aroma that is like candy. He cups both of her ass cheeks with his hands and presses his face in her hot yearning pussy. She moans so loud and so much gyrating into his face again and again. He sticks his index finger into her asshole, fingering her asshole while tasting her. She loves having his powerful finger in her ass thrusting in and out making her ass melt and hungry for his fat cock inside her hot tight asshole.

James gets up and unties her hands then sticks his mighty erect cock back in her mouth. She sucks his cock eagerly while holding his huge cock with one hand and the other hand pressed up to his side. She takes the big cock in and out savoring and enjoying how good his huge cock feels in her mouth. She really loves sucking cock especially one as perfect as James. She relishes sucking his huge cock as she has never had one so big before. Her mouth is in heaven! She loves the taste of his cock between her lips! Her head bobs up and down to nature's carnal rhythm. He slides his cock out of her mouth.

He lies her back down and binds her arms up over her head to the headboard. He spreads her legs wide with her feet in the air and teases her pussy with the head of his dick rubbing her soaking wet pussy with his cock. The head of his cock goes in slightly into her pussy then up over her clit. She shrieks as he makes her so hot! James then slides his big dick slowly in and out of her wet pussy. She creams all over him as he builds up the pace and starts pumping furiously into her fiery hot pussy. She screams for an eternity in ecstasy as he fucks her hard making her cum so hard and so much! He keeps galloping into her with his horse sized cock fucking and fucking and fucking and fucking. She moans forever.

James unties her arms briefly and flips her over on her stomach then binds Chelsea to the headboard again placing pillows beneath her so her ass is sticking out. He moves his hot hands over her ass cheeks massaging and kneading them. He spanks her with his hands and her ass dances with delight blushing red. He sticks his dick in her juicy pussy from behind and pumps hard. She squeals with sexual pleasure and begs to be his forever moaning, "I am your sex slave forever! You are my eternal master! I am completely yours! You own me! I love your cock! You make me feel so good!" She cums hard over and over and over and over again and again. 

Just when she thinks she can't take anymore he sticks his mighty big cock in her ass. His cock burns in her ass like fire and she loves it. Her quivering ass melts as he fucks her asshole slow, deep, and hard. He thrusts his cock into her asshole exciting her so much. She has never had anal before she met James who ravished her ass as soon as he started fucking her all the time. She is addicted to anal now and will be forever. She moans endlessly while he fucks her ass real good. Pumping her ass faster now he cums in her ass. She feels her ass burn hot as hot semen fills her ass making her ass quiver.

He unties her wrists and she melts into him sucking his cock immediately. Chelsea takes his cock in and out of her mouth jumping back into rhythm. James motions her to come take a shower where she sucks him off some more and he fucks her again before she finally melts into his arms and falls asleep in his hypnotic embrace feeling satisfaction beyond her wildest imagination.

The next day she awakes next to him preparing to go back home where she announces, "I'm getting a divorce. I'll be back in a couple of days." Her investigation was over and she had not gotten any answers to all her questions. She had gotten seduced instead. She had to go back to work. She did not want to go instead she wanted to be in her master's embrace. James necks her intensely then makes out with her hard. 

"Come to my mansion, I will be expecting you," he says. She leaves and gets into the cab he called for her not noticing the mark on her neck. 

The cab has not driven very far before she feels this overwhelming supernatural lust take hold of her. She feels the presence again only this time it is more familiar like she knows who it is and that is because the cock of the presence is identical to James in size and feel. She gets really wet trying to keep from masturbating in the cab. "Does she have her answers?" she asks herself. Can James Beast really pleasure women from far away as though he was physically in the room with them? If what she suspects is true then that means she could feel the incredible sexual prowess of James Beast anytime, anywhere. Her face turns red, there are still other questions that need to be answered, some with frightening undertones but she was too horny to think about them. She had to take a shower and masturbate to the thought of her master ravishing her. She could not believe she was already thinking like a submissive and more interestingly she could not believe her erotic dreams are coming true. She dreamed she was going to meet the presence one day and become his sex slave. "Is James Beast a vampire, or something else? Does he have special powers? Is he a demon or witch? Is he a sorcerer? Is he a God?" she questions herself. She shuddered with arousal, He was a God with how many times and how hard he made her cum and moan. She wants answers so badly because she is getting so horny at what she is thinking to herself.
