 It was a cool October morning, just before dawn when Max stumbled through the front door of his stylish loft. He looked at his surroundings through one bloodshot eye. His flat was a very comfortable, tastefully decorated with a defining masculine décor. Filled with antiques, priceless art and things he had collected through the years. Centuries afforded him the ability to live a very good life in a posh high-rise loft in the heart of the city. He felt safe and isolated, the kind of life he had become accustomed to.

A vampire's life can be very comfortable if he stays under the radar, invests his money wisely and waits for the economy to upswing. He was wise with his money and it had paid off handsomely.

That is the upside of living forever. The downside is, living forever.

Max had changed residences and identities many times in the last one hundred and forty years. The fortune he had acquired allowed him to travel at a moment's notice if necessary. He had untraceable bank accounts stashed all over the world. 

An immortal man could live in comfort for eternity as long as he didn't live too extravagantly. Max had nice things, classy but never flashy. Flashy brought attention. That was never a good thing if you're a vampire trying to live undetected in a mortal world.

The one thing he held onto no matter what, was his name. Maxwell Albert Chatsworth had to change many things in his life but he treasured the name he was born with in London so many decades before. It gave him roots. His history was in his name. 

He staggered over to the antique mirror that hung in the foyer and peered at his own image. All the nonsense written about vampire lore was rubbish. Of course he could be seen in a mirror. Cameras could capture his image too but he avoided them as much as possible. Bram Stoker had done all vampires a favor by putting out those false claims. It gave mortals comfort to think they could separate themselves from the undead. It gave them hope that they could identify and destroy vampires at will before those monsters tore into their throats and drained the life from their mortal bodies. It had to be unnerving to imagine the immortal undead walking freely among the vulnerable living. The hunters roaming freely among their food. 

Vampires don't require food but they can get drunk and high too, just like Max was at this very moment. They had the added advantage of becoming intoxicated by an imbibed mortal's blood. They absorbed everything. Emotions, stimulants, depressants, you name it. Whatever a human can take or feel, a vampire can experience it. Tonight it was a bit of all those things. He'd spent the entire evening feeding off Timur's ladies. A bevy of beauties with daddy issues who sold their bodies as well as their blood to vampires for a lot of money. 

There are many romantic myths about vampires, some of it was the truth and some of it pure hogwash. Vampires do fall in love. God knows Max did, hard. It could be with another vampire or the living mortal. Either way it can be dangerous, usually for the humans whom are often turned or die in the process. Vampires always want to win when they battle for dominance. It's their feral nature. Power and domination are generally determined by age not gender.

Vampire love can be brutal. In Max's case it was fatal for the woman who turned him. His beautiful immortal bride, in a fit of rage, he hurled her to her fiery demise. He didn't want to but she forced his hand. He often wondered if she let him win on purpose. She was nearly two hundred years older than he and more powerful. Guilianna was also miserable at living forever, even more so than Max. She was possessive, suspicious and angry about everything, especially when it came to Max. Her love for him was more of an obsession. It was deadly and destructive. She had always been overly dramatic, bordering on demonic, as long as Max had known her. He was attracted to her from the instant he looked into her dark eyes. 

Max looked closely at his image. His face had not aged a single day in one hundred and forty-one years. He was still that handsome, charming Englishman from Victorian times. Still a healthy, thriving thirty-five year old ladies' man in the mirror. Inside his heart, he was older than time.

He met his fate of immortality at the hands of the most beautiful woman he had ever laid eyes on shortly after his thirty-fifth birthday. She was bewitching, bewildering and more addictive than anything he'd ever encountered in his short mortal life. Had he known his fate, he probably still would have allowed her to take it away from him. He would have given her everything, anything her cold dead heart wanted. All it took was one soul crushing encounter.

All these years and all the women he had known since, not one could ever compare to the breathtaking Guilianna DiGrazzi. She was the daughter of an Italian Count. The sultry seductress had captured his soul with one glance of those wickedly beautiful brown eyes. He surrendered to her and she took his life. She sunk her fangs into his throat one fateful night and he gave up his mortality while he whispered her name.

A gripping sadness overcame him as he turned his face away from the mirror. When he looked at his image, he saw her. He always saw her. The woman he loved more than anything was dead at his own hands. She drove him to madness.

He'd always assumed it would be she that would end his undead reign. He often hoped she would, but she refused to let go. Guilianna denied him his freedom, so he took hers. At the time it seemed to be the only way to bring some peace to both of their tortured souls. 

Max looked toward the copper tiled ceiling as the ghosts began to do their haunted dance around his head. They always seemed to show up whenever he thought about his Guilianna.

Max tried to rub the swirling banshees from his eyes. Why did Timur allow his lovely whores to continually stay hopped up on cocaine and Qualudes. He could hear Timur's thick Russian accent in his head. "It's the eighties Max! All the beautiful people are doing it." Timur was his oldest friend, and by oldest he meant both figuratively and literally. The mad Russian, Timur Bogrov, was nearly a thousand years old. He was a mere boy when he was turned many centuries ago at the age of twenty-six. He looked and talked like a twenty something surfer dude and even more so, he acted like one. Timur was perpetual punk who preferred to be called "Tim". "Ah dude! The 'ludes make you feel laid back and the coke keeps you awake to enjoy the high."

All Max knew was, the Quaaludes made him do stupid things and the cocaine made him aware that he was doing them. It didn't matter anymore. He couldn't and wouldn't stay away from them; any will power he ever possessed was gone. 

Cocaine made him horny as hell. He could fuck all night long on an eight-ball of coke and never get off. Yes, vampires can fuck, very well and very often if they want to. It was agony going around with a stiff cock and no way to relieve it. The solution required more coke so he take more and try to remedy the problem. He could go through a stable of hookers and they were willing to endure his high, his hard-on and his stamina as long as he continued to throw buckets of money at them.

Timur had plenty of girls willing to do the deed. Max always got the prettiest ones with the tastiest blood. He indulged them with plenty of drugs and alcohol. It was a convenient way for Max to get high. He simply injected his fangs into their veins and drank their drug and alcohol riddled blood. He liked it that way. He liked it very much. It was always agony when the time came for him to go home.

Going home meant being alone - with his ghosts, his dark thoughts and his self loathing. He hated what he had allowed himself to become. He always blamed Guilianna for turning him into a vampire but when he was alone, he knew the painful truth. It was Max himself, who brought the demons to life.

It had been his choice to take the dark path and drag the monster out from under the bed. He couldn't bear to walk near the light. Not because he was repelled by it but because it was too painful to face what a train wreck he had made of his miserable existence. His life today was laid out before him like a carefully selected set of funeral clothes.

"Max, do you like your hell? It's mighty lonely down here isn't it?" His head snapped, searching frantically for the distant voice speaking directly to him.

"Oh fuck, the voices!" He clutched his temples and whispered under his breath. This was why he stayed out all night and stumbled in towards dawn every single day. It was the only way to cope with these wretched demons before he lapsed into a dead sleep inside his coffin. He couldn't take the voices anymore. They taunted him and reminded him of what a fucking mess he'd made of his life.

The voices were killing him. His lifestyle was killing him. His overriding guilt was killing him... but he couldn't die. Not unless he cut off his own head or threw himself into a fire. He didn't have the nerve to do that. So he worked on slowly killing his memories, hoping eventually there would be nothing left to kill.

People might say - if there were such a thing as vampires, they don't have souls - but they would be wrong. Another myth for the storybooks. Max had a soul and it was eating him alive. His soul was the only thing left of him that was human. He'd tried to drink and drug it away for many, many years with no luck. It wouldn't leave his body.

The pain it caused hurt worse with every passing decade. Immortality was supposed to be easier to deal with as time went by but not for Max. It seemed worse. Memories of his mortal life haunted him. The people he loved and lost. The complications with being immortal took stamina and skill. The jobs and homes he left behind to protect his identity couldn't compare to the pain in his undead heart. 

He squeezed his head hard between his hands, trying to still the voices. It only proved to make them louder. The constant chatter of ghosts he could never completely leave behind. Suddenly a voice he hadn't heard in a very long time. She called out to him. He remained perfectly still, listening, yearning for the sound. Soft moans of a woman, perhaps in the midst of making love or possibly pleasuring herself?

Max knew those moans. He used to live to hear those moans! He rushed to the bottom of the staircase and looked to the top of the steps. A golden sliver of light shined from under his bedroom door. It couldn't be possible but it he heard the distinctly feminine moans clear as a bell. They became louder and grew with intensity. She was almost there, to that point. He could taste her sweet nectar on his tongue. She was beginning to cum and he wanted to be there to hold her, to be with her when she reached her climax.

Max cried out. "Wait for me Guilianna! Don't go there without me!" He took the stairs three at a time until he was standing next to door. He rushed through the portal in desperation. There she lay in all her dark splendor, his beloved Guilianna.

She was stretched across his bed, dressed in a red satin gown. Her raven hair cascaded across the white pillowcase in all its blue-black glory. Slender pale arms draped gracefully above her head. She smiled at him, her dark eyes sparkling. The familiar sound, lilting and sweet. "Hello, Max. I've been waiting for you all night. What took you so long? I thought you were never coming home."

Max stumbled to the bed and fell next to the mattress at her feet. "I didn't think you'd be here Guilianna! I would've been home sooner if I'd only known but... I didn't know. I couldn't know." His voice was trembling, almost to point of blubbering. "My love, my darling wife, I can't believe you came back."

Guilianna smiled sweetly, her dark red lips parting wide to flash perfect white teeth. Her voice, smooth and honeyed. "Oh darling, you know I'd never leave you behind. I will always come back when you need me the most. After all these years you should know that. We will always be together, even though we're apart."

She stretched her long lean frame and pointed her red painted toenails downward as she spread her palms out like fans. She ran her supple fingers slowly up the length of her body, slightly pulling on the red satin gown to show more of her long shapely legs.

Max was dumbstruck by the absolute beauty of this woman. Years upon years and she still took his breath away. He gazed at her exactly like he did the first time saw her in that Paris ballroom in 1873. It was one of worship and wonderment. He lay at her feet this night, looking at her the very same way he did back then. 

"I could hear you darling. The sweet sounds you made when I was making love to you." His fingertips moved slowly down the side of her smooth calf. His blue eyes fixed on her brown velvet ones.

Guilianna's laugh was wicked. Her laugh had always been devilishly wicked. "Oh my dear sweet tortured love, you're hearing things again aren't you?" She stroked the side of his handsome face. It's happening more often isn't it?" She shook her head sadly. "No darling, I've been quietly waiting up here for you to return safely home to me. My moans are for your delight only. You know that... don't you, my love?"

"I've been hearing the voices again but this time it was different. I could hear you, all the way from the foyer but I wasn't sure it was real. None of the others seem to be, are they?" He reached for her fingertips with the tips of his but she slipped them away from his grasp.

"Oh Max, you can be so amusing when you're intoxicated." She turned on her side, resting her head on the crook of her arm. She looked down on him and sighed. "You have such a sad distant look in your eyes when you drink." She narrowed her eyes and peered deeper into his. "I can see inside of your tortured soul Maxwell. The soft center of you is showing and it makes you very vulnerable to the outside world, my love." She leaned closer, whispering. "You really have to stop punishing yourself Max. You know, the only one you hurt in the end is yourself, don't you?"

Max's eyes filled with tears. "How do I stop doing that? I can't seem to forgive myself for all I've done wrong. I could say it was your fault but we both know that I blame you for all of my weaknesses. It's easier to do that." He pleaded to her through misty tired eyes. "Can you forgive me for being so childish? I'm always so unwilling to take responsibility for my own mistakes."

She swept her hand across the top of his head and lightly toyed with the tousled locks of hair that fell softly on his forehead. "I don't need to forgive you Maxwell. I've never needed to forgive you. You need to forgive yourself."

Max rose to his feet and walked to the window. He leaned on the sill and peered out into the darkness of this haunted night. The rain poured down as lightening flashed violently, temporarily lighting up the sky in the dreary darkness. Droplets of rain trickled down the windowpane in sad jagged lines as the tears traced down Max's cheeks. He wiped them away with his sleeve and turned back to look at his dead wife.

She silently watched Max collect himself. He dropped onto his knees in the center of the floor. "Why didn't you ask me Guilianna? Why did you take it for granted that I would want this curse? I loved you so much! I would have crossed an ocean to be near you but you didn't give me the chance to make the decision on my own. You robbed me of being able to choose my fate!"

She didn't respond but kept studying his face intently. An eerie glow illuminated around her as lightening flashed and thunder rumbled and crashed through the quiet room.

Guilianna's eyes appeared to tear up but Max was sure he must be imagining it. Lately he seemed to have trouble deciphering real life from fantasy. In all their years together, he could never remember seeing her cry. She would wail when she didn't get her way but he couldn't recall one instance where she actually shed real tears.

Max crawled across the floor to be near her once more. He sat on the bed and stroked her face. His thoughts wandered to the life she had experienced when she was first turned many years before he met her. It helped to him understand her better, perhaps to be more sympathetic of her wicked ways. She could be so hard, so cruel and distant. He felt strangely closer to her when he could feel her emotional pain. As a young woman, she had been kidnapped by French pirates, passed around, used and abused before she was turned.

He understood her past was the reason she was who she was but it didn't make it easier for him to accept her selfish, demanding ways when it came to him. He never mistreated her. He worshipped her. He pampered and spoiled her. There was no other love like the love he felt for her, but it was never enough. She was never satisfied.

She turned him one night while he slept beside her. She never regarded what he may have wanted. She never discussed it with him, just drained him in his sleep and turned him into a monster he was today.

Guilianna always got what she wanted and nothing ever stopped her. He often doubted that she was even capable of love. Perhaps the damage was too severe for her to harbor strong emotion for anyone or anything, even him. Indifference was indeed the saddest emotion of all. 

Guilianna looked into her intoxicated husband's eyes. "Max, I was wrong. It was a regretful decision for me to make. I admit to it. In my defense, I was so afraid of losing you. I took it upon myself to give you an eternity with me. I couldn't take the chance that you might leave me or worse stay only to die as an old man in my arms. I did the only thing I could think to do. I was desperate to keep you with me." Her brow creased. "You may think my motives were selfish but they really weren't. Careless, impudent perhaps... but not selfish." 

She leaned closer. Her raven hair tumbled over her pale shoulders. She sighed deeply. "My deepest regret was that I never could convince you of how much I loved you. My only motive was love." Her voice softened as she lightly caressed his arm. "I have always loved you Max, always have... and I always will."

"Oh Guilianna!" Max pulled her close and buried his face in her silky dark hair. "I didn't want to do it! I begged you to back away. I begged you to let me go on my own. I tried to warn you so many times! Why didn't you listen? Things could have been so different if you'd only listened to me! I probably would have returned to you." He choked back his pathetic sobs. "I wouldn't have done what I did. The belittling remarks were the last straw. If it weren't for you mocking me, pushing me to the edge, it would all be different now."

Guilianna pulled away from Max and peered deeply into his very soul. Her dark stare was soft, almost doe like as she spoke in a hushed tone. "Max, you did what you had to do and I did what I had to do. No regrets. You simply won the battle." She smiled softly. "It wasn't for lack of trying on my part. I know I could be difficult at times, most times." She smiled. "It was bound to happen... to one of us. Your will was simply stronger than mine." She paused for a moment and looked down. "If it were meant to be, I would have had my way and we would be together right now. I knew what I was up against and maybe I wanted to see if you could overpower me. You did, my love." There was a smugness in her tone. "I sired my vampire well, didn't I? The master was mastered. You were my finest achievement Max."

Max could feel himself turning as the scotch and the drugs began to lose their hold on him. He smelled that familiar feral scent he got before they had sex but something was wrong. He closed his eyes as he sniffed at her flawless alabaster skin. He couldn't determine what was different.
