 Note: All characters in this story are of legal age. All of the characters are well over eighteen years of age.

I neither judge nor condone any of the heinous actions detailed in this chapter of MEAN GIRLS of MAPLEWOOD. That being said, I appreciate all comments on this story good and bad. Feedback feeds this tale of GIRLS GONE WILD and I would love to continue hearing from my audience.

The room was shrouded in complete darkness with no detail, even minutely visible as the door opened revealing a shapely silhouette. The lights were turned on with the flick of a partially damaged switch illuminating Leslie as she cautiously stepped inside the room followed by April. She walked at a half step, almost like she were walking the gallows while April watched taking it all in, enjoying every luscious curve on display. There was a noticeable crimson tint to her usual pale skin as she flushed thinking about what was going to happen. Leslie was almost a head taller than her, but the demented blonde miscreant was charges up with power. Leslie stopped folding her arms under her bosom facing April's disheveled bed with its wealth of blankets and elevated height from an added mattress. She still felt there was a chance Red would appear from a closet or something to murder her, but there was nothing she could do about it now. April slid her satchel bag from her shoulder hanging it on the back of the door. She would disassemble it later so that her recent internet related shenanigans wouldn't be discovered. The chubby misfit measured her steps walking around a silent Leslie to the edge of her bed where she yanked all of the sheets and blankets to the floor. She still had the ends of the bedding in her fists as she cranked her head in Leslie's direction finding the stunning brunette visibly horrified. Both girls stared at one another knowing why they were there.

April continued staring even when Leslie had to avert her eyes out of mounting, prevalent fear. Some part of her psyche was screaming for her to pounce upon the shorter girl. Leslie wanted to beat her to death, but found that once she was alone with April, things were not what she'd expected. There was something evil and raw radiating from her short, chubby form that gave the cheerleader pause. She retched a bit under the gaze of her nemesis as April took notice, nostrils flaring from lust. There was an expectancy about her that dictated what was going to happen next as Leslie slowly stripped off her warmup jacket fumbling with the garment at her elbows before stripping it free of her body. She was alarmed when April motioned for the jacket, gingerly taking it from her folding it under her arm. The buxom brunette took her time stepping out of her gym shoes noticing April wanted them as well. Leslie straightened her back as a field of goosebumps appeared on her arms and chest while April waited. The dark pools of mascara around her eyes seemed infinitely darker contrasting with her light blue eyes and almost burgundy hued lipstick. The makeup made April look like a witch, a far cry from the girl she'd bullied along with Red some months ago. It was almost like they were too entirely different beings as she stood there cradling herself like she was cold or something.

April continued staring hard at the beautiful teen soaking up her fear as the girl looked downward into her own deep cleavage. The hard tan lines were higher that the ill-fitting sports bra covering her large breasts. Leslie's hands dipped down hooking thumbs into the elastic waistband of her workout leggings pulling the stretchy material outward before carefully drawing them down her shapely thighs. She kept her eyes cast downward looking at her own progress working one leg free at a time before glancing up at April. She found her progress being aped as the chunky blonde discarded the dress she'd stolen from her mother's closet. Leslie found herself staring at the miscreant blonde's own massive chest which dwarfed her own, before slipping out of her sports bra. There was a healthy, rubbery jiggle to the dueling sets of breasts, both ironically covered in numerous hickies for similar reasons. Both girls shadowed one another, sliding out of their panties, but April took the time to toss aside a concealed drywall knife she'd been hiding on her person. Leslie's heart skipped a beat knowing how close she'd come to being cut by the shorter, stout blonde.

"Th-This what you wanted; to see me naked, huh?"

April didn't say anything noticeably licking her lips at the sight of Leslie fully nude. She'd orchestrated her downfall constantly chattering in Red's ear running the auburn beauty's best friend down until things had come to a head culminating with what she believed was Leslie's mass deflowering. She'd chaffed at the thinly veiled disgust from the co-captain of the cheerleading squad regarding her "relationship" with Red which resulted in a fast mounting sense of self-loathing until she was unable to take it anymore. Before she knew it, she was focusing more and more on the stunningly beautiful brunette wanting to bring her down to ground level almost as much as she wanted Red's respect. With Leslie around she'd never get what she wanted. Her crystal blue eyes roamed all over the flawless body in front of her looking for any flaw and finding none. April took a cautious step backward opening the drawer on her vanity table removing a small photo she'd printed from her computer. She never took her eyes off Leslie as she put the photo on the end of the bed where she could see it.

"WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?!!" Leslie found herself looking at a tiny photo of a prolapsed anus, thinking the worst.

"Brad Tucker; I thought you liked my work?"

"Why're you showing me this sick shit?" Her heart thumped in her chest as April tossed out three other matching tiny photos for her to view. Each of the photos was progressively worse as Leslie cupped a hand over her mouth in disgust.

"They always say they're going to kill you, scream and cry when you're doing it; but you just hold on, reaming their backdoor until it turns into a pussy. You see, the trick is to get them to cum with their ass, Leslie. Until that happens, they're not yours; you know what I'm talking about. We, me and you; we're the same."

"I'm nothing like you."

"We're all alone here bitch; don't lie to me when you fucked yourself with Red because you couldn't keep your hands off Humbert. You went back and lied about Red to blackmail him into letting you into his ass a second time."

"She told you that?"

"Melissa told me everything, Leslie; what'd it feel like cheating him out of his ass a second time, huh?"

"I-I don't want to talk about that; WHY DO YOU WANNA KNOW?!!"

"I already told you, we're the same; I just wanted to know if you BROKE Humbert when you took him that second time? It's been on my mind lately and I need to know, bitch. You know, he's had surgery to correct the damage you did to his shitter. Must have left quite an impression, right Leslie?" April studied her face noticing the slight signs of emotion as her bottom lips quivered while the corners of her eyes began to glisten with approaching tears.

"Please."

"You're a rapist just like me, bitch; now you wanna sit here in front of me lying to yourself and God. You LOVED IT, right Leslie? Loved the feeling of taking him against his will even though you cheated your way into it, huh? I'm a little more honest and I've made sure all of them are honest, too. You see, you gotta keep working to get at the fucking prostrate until you turn it into mush. It's fucking awesome making guys ejaculate with their assholes, right?" Leslie felt like running from the room unconsciously turning towards the door.

"You-you're sick, crazy as fuck."

"So you're gonna pretend like you're just a girl when you've done the same thing bitch? You're not a monster too, Leslie? It's just us here together, my mother works nights and if you're worried about Red; she's handcuffed to a bed down at county general. Come on bitch; tell me what it felt like raping Humbert's boy pussy that second time?"

"No."

"What, it's something personal between you two, huh? Last I checked, he's my boyfriend Leslie; took my virginity and everything. After what you did to him, I thought he needed something to make his weak ass feel like a man. So, I filled a condom with some fake blood and stuffed it in my pussy. You should have seen him go, all a fucking and a screwing my poor little kitty. We're in love Leslie; you have nothing."

"Stop it, please."

"Come on, he's just your victim; you don't really love him anyway, bitch."

"YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT WE HAVE!!"

"Nothing, you have nothing, bitch; we even fucked a few hours ago Leslie. He's really starting to get the hang of it and his cock ain't half bad, after all. How's Sheriff Reed's cock; enquiring minds want to know?"

"You know about that?"

"Obviously; is he as good as Humbert? Oh, you wouldn't know about that because you probably consider yourself the top in that little dysfunctional relationship you imagine having with my man."

"You don't care about him." The wetness was already visible around her hazel eyes as the two nude women glared at one another.

"I don't; you're absolutely right about that shit."

"Just leave him alone, then; you've got me, alright?" Leslie sniffled, giving April the emotional content she was looking for.

"I've always had you Leslie; I want you to fucking burn. Red always held me back when it came to you; even kicked me out of the locker room after you finally got all the dicks, you deserved. Banner night for the good old boys of Maplewood High, huh? Now that I think of it, Sheriff Reed should be thanking me too. Without me, you never would've become what you are today, huh bitch?"

"Why do you hate me so much?"

"Because you have a choice."

"What?!!"

"You're a fucking trust fund baby, no one to tell you what to do and when to do it, fucking beautiful and smart, but when Red came a knocking; you fucking folded like the weak bitch, you are. You're weaker than me, weaker than I used to be prior to Red. Now, you want me to believe that you love that boy."

"I DO; I DON'T KNOW WHY, BUT I DO!!" Leslie broke down, crying into her hands. April watched in silent glee before crawling into the middle of her bed, regarding Leslie while on all fours.

"That's what we're going to find out tonight Leslie; personally, I think it's just a phase and all. I mean, you can still walk out right now and leave this behind. I find that I'm infinitely more interested in turning Humbert Jenkins into a human toilet. Man, I wish I could see those pre-surgery photos of his abused shitter; just wanna know how much he can take unless you wanna tell me?"

"Fuck you."

"That's why we're here together, right bitch? Hey, would you still have the hots for Humbert if he could stick the end of a Louisville slugger in his cornhole?"

"You're crazy."

"We're crazy, Leslie; did you really think you were going to run off with him and live happily ever after, bitch?" April made sure to keep her eyes on Leslie as she made a pile out of her pillows before reclining lazily watching the nude girl in front of her. She waited as Leslie regained her composure, silently watching as she spread her thighs.

"You-you'll leave him alone if I-do this?"

April casually reached down using her fingers to spread her labia apart to show her newest victim just how wet she had become. Her haunting eyes rolled up staring daggers at the embattled brunette, an open invitation. More tears ran down her face, dripping to the frayed carpeting in minute splashes as the cheerleader struggled not to cry openly. Her fists were balled up tight enough to turn her knuckles white as she steeled herself, cautiously placing a knee on the edge of the bed before withdrawing it. She glanced nervously around the room before her eyes returned to April. Her thoughts were flooded with memories of Humbert squirming and struggling as she viciously rutted into him juxtaposed with him rolling across the highway a bloody mess. April's fingers were plunging deep into her sex making an audible sound that both girls could hear. The chunky blonde was breathing hard in anticipation, crooking a finger, beckoning the cheerleader into her bed. Leslie finally committed crawling into the bed between April's thighs.

"Show me how much you love him." April cooed, exposing her clit.

A shudder ran through her body as Leslie's tongue touched her clit, lightly at first, returning several times as her fingers framed the blondes puffy labia. April reeked of sex downstairs leaving little doubt that she had spoken the truth about screwing Humbert earlier. Leslie nearly retched drawing her head back only to have April dig her nails into her scalp getting a fistful of her brown locks. The bed shook and bounced a little as she maneuvered under Leslie directing her lips back down onto her virtue. She used her other hand to open her labia again coercing more attention on her clit.

"Squeeze the lips together, purse them together real tight like you're closing my pussy; then lick and spit all over them, bitch. I know you can get nasty; show me who you really are underneath." Leslie did as she asked using the flat of her tongue to lick April's cunt until it was glistening.

"Keep it up, I like that slut; suck my lips." April gasped as Leslie covered her sex with her lips sucking hard enough to make the chubby girl squirm underneath. She let it pop a few times, before trying to draw her head back but April tightened her grip making the girl cry out.

"It was just starting to get good; where you going, bitch?" April used both of her hands to force Leslie head back down onto her sex. Leslie pushed back painfully against the chubby blonde digging her nails into April's inner thighs. This made the deviant extremely wet as she wrenched on her victim's head until she was looking directly at her face.

"You're going to make me CUM, right now; or I'm going to NUKE Humbert's ass pussy before the week is over!! I promise you bitch; I'm gonna mail his detached rectum to you after I get through using it as a Christmas tree ornament!!" The malevolent rage on April's face was palpable, terrifying to behold.

Leslie resumed fellating her with fear induced passion, parting her labia to get at her clit and inner walls which had an immediate effect on April. Her gaze was fixed on the lightbulb illuminating her room and the cracked paint on her ceiling, rolling her pelvis up into the brunette's face. Her hips bucked as she dug her nails into the bedding, while girlish gasps of ecstasy rose reaching a shrill crescendo. She mashed her huge breasts together hard pinching her nipples. Her meaty, butt humped up off the bed as she reached the precipice. 

"YEEEEEAAAHHHH, I'M CUMMING!! CUMMING SOOO HAAARDDD!!" Several bursts of moisture hit Leslie square in the face, making the cheerleader recoil so hard, she nearly toppled from the bed.

April snickered lustfully rubbing her mound with one hand, a massive breast with the other before rolling to her side. Leslie sat upright on her knees hoping it was over while April's back faced her. It was only a second long respite as April quickly recovered, grinning at Leslie. She dropped to the floor rounding the corner of her bed so quickly that Leslie flinched thinking she was about to be struck. Instead April pushed between her legs leaning in for a kiss that ended up on Leslie's cheek when the creeped out girl turned her head. April's hand shot up cupping her cheek finding a struggle that got old quick as she relented, backing away.

"Listen up, I'm not fighting you to get what we agreed to bitch, so I'm gonna give you some choices here. We cut our losses and you know what that means, you can pick up the knife on the floor and go for what you know, or I tenderize that fat ass as much as I want, bitch. I know what a fucking whore you've become Leslie; we're the same girlfriend. I want you to know what I already know."

"Why do you keep saying that?!"

"Because it's all over you; it's all over me too or none of this would've ever happened. You took what you wanted from Humbert, didn't care about anything but getting off; how's this right here, different?" 

April stole that kiss she'd been looking before Leslie could think of an answer, shoving her tongue deep. She knew how to use her weight in close quarters mounting Leslie's abdomen cupping and groping her olive hued breasts. There was a hunger permeating her frenzied actions as the girls struggled against one another until the larger blonde straightened her back making it hard for the cheerleader to breathe. Breathing suddenly became hard before the struggling stopped as Leslie allowed her to have her way, digging her nails into her the tender flesh. April was in her element with the other girl off her feet drawing her into the center of the bed letting her hands go wherever she desired. She noticed the proliferation of goosebumps and the strained look on Leslie's face letting the blatant revulsion fuel her dark lust. Leslie's legs shot up wedged tightly together when three of her fingers found their way inside her. She tried to twist away but April managed to curve her fingers up into her g-spot deftly manipulating the bumpy ridge. She was surprised when her wrist was snagged in an iron grip as the brunette scooted back freeing herself. Both girls stared at one another for a few seconds.

"I'm taking Humbert's place; that's all." Leslie half mumbled hoping she wouldn't be found out.

"Okay."

April's hand dipped into a hidden spot just under her headboard, scraping her forearm a bit as a huge, flesh colored dildo came into view. Leslie's eyes widened at the double ended monstrosity which had only been used once with her former best friend. Only April appreciated the irony looking directly in the girl's hazel eyes with a sinister smile as she carefully inserted the curved end inside blinking profusely as it bumped against her sweet spot. It was a thing obscene once inserted with the other end longer for use as a surrogate cock making it almost appear as if the chubby blonde had grown a penis.

"Suck it."

*************************************************************************************

"Chel?" Patty rolled over slowly regaining consciousness in the darkened bedroom at her family lodge. The room was darkened causing her to look for her phone, but she couldn't find it. 

"Chelsea?" She still hurt all over, disoriented from the traumatizing events that had changed her life before she was rescued from the outskirts of town by her best friend. There was bruises and cuts all over her body after a night of hell and an afternoon of sheer horror. Chelsea had helped her bathe, holding her as she sobbed and apologized for her arrogance which ended up destroying her. Her best friend clothed her in one of her father's t-shirts which was extra large on her lithe frame looking like a sleep shirt. Patty ran her fingers through her hair wincing at the numerous bumps and minor cuts hidden by her ratty shock of blonde hair. She looked around remembering the torrid threesome with Brad Tucker and Chelsea the last time she'd occupied the cabin. Afterwards, she'd been banned from using it by her angry father, but she was daddy's little girl and he'd never denied her anything before. There was no way she could go home all beat up and disheveled as she was when Chelsea picked her up.

"Ow, my head hurts, Chel; where are you?" She reached over for the mug at her bedside taking a sip of the hot remaining chocolate pooled at the bottom. Something struck her odd as she glanced down on the hardwood floor looking for her phone, coming up short. She took another sip, finding it strange tasting. 

"Shit." Patty noticed an open bottle of Benadryl on the bedside table; a third empty.
