 I want to thank Jerry Olson yet again for his skilled editing. This story was written one night when I was in a dark mood. Joanna AKA Tigcub

*

Joe strolled down the back ally as though he were walking through a summer hayfield. It was a horrible neighborhood, a very dangerous side of town. Nonetheless he ambled along kicking some garbage lightly out of his path as he made his way through the night. He would have made a handsome figure if there had been enough light to see his features. His hair was dark and slightly wavy; it was cut fairly short and stylish. His eyes were blue like the Caribbean Sea.

He looked to be in his late 30s. His body would not have gone unnoticed by most women. He was on his way home to Brandy his girl friend. He was anxious to be at home; he wanted to rest in her arms and listen to her as she described her day. He wanted to hear her simple stories of shopping and getting her hair done. Sometimes he longed for simple things. He liked they way she would stroke his hair and back as the TV played some re-run of MASH. He wanted to make love to her.

Joe sniffed the air around him; he wondered if he smelled like the woman that he had just been with. He didn't want to go home smelling of another's perfume; it might upset Brandy. He respected her more than that and he wanted her to be happy because she was very important to him. At this point in his life he knew if your woman isn't happy you're not happy either. He had just eaten so she didn't need to feed him tonight. They could just relax and pretend to be a normal couple.

He finally reached his neighborhood and entered the old hotel, turned apartments. It still had some nineteen forties style architecture and the owner had kept it up well. If there was a nice place in this part of town this was it. Up the old cage style elevator and to his door he still was contemplating whether he had wiped all the lipstick from his neck. He entered their apartment. It was clean and bright as usual. He could smell her even from the other room. He heard her singing to herself from the bedroom.

"Joe is that you?" She came to him with a big greeting hug.

"I wondered when I would be seeing you. You have been gone two days. I missed you Babe."

Her long brown hair was damp and she smelled like some kind of soap, lavender maybe. She looked like the sun to him, bright and cheerful full of life. She was pretty, a natural beauty, part Indian; she had a dark smooth skin tone like a natural tan. She was tall and thin with nice size breasts.

Joe had been with Brandy for nine years and he had never tired of her. He loved talking to her and touching her as much now as he had the day he had met her at some lonely bar all those years ago. She had just been different than the others he knew; something about the two of them clicked. Who knows what brings people together?

"Joe you smell, Hun. Why don't you jump in the shower and wash the streets from your body and get out of those dirty clothes. Are you hungry?"

"No I'm not hungry right now." He dreaded that question. She never questioned him about where he had been. He knew that she knew. She was cool about it. If it bothered her she never let on. In the bathroom he piled his dirty clothes on the floor and waited for the water to get warm. He realized then that he could indeed smell the woman he had been with just a few hours ago all over his naked body. He noticed a small scratch on his side from one of her fingernails. In all the excitement he had not even felt the women dig at him.

He stepped into the shower and washed the smell of cheap perfume and sweat from his body. As the water ran down the drain so also he let the memory of her flow from him and wash away with the waste water. She had been a whore, a wasted life; fueled by drugs and alcohol. Almost all of her humanity had been obliterated. Her brain was dulled by the methamphetamines she sold herself for. He had picked her up as a meal of opportunity.

She had yelled an offer at him and he was in need so he took her up on it. He was certain that she never suspected what was in store for her at the time. There in the dirty ally he had taken her, giving her thirty dollars to hold to keep her happy while he took off his shirt. She kissed his neck.

Kathy was her name or so she had said while he pulled the shirt from her body. He tried not to call his dinner by name. It was something his father had taught him years ago on the farm. Never name what you will eat. He ripped the shirt into strips. She started to complain but he shoved a wad of her shirt into her mouth and used another piece to gag her. He then went to work disrobing her completely and holding her down while she futilely tried to escape. He couldn't help it; it always excited him to see the fear in their eyes, to taste the fear, to revel in their struggle for life. It was the Vampire in him, the nature of the beast.

Contrary to popular vampire lore, they do not bite and drain a human in just minutes. The killing and draining of a human is a slow process. He pulled out a knife and showed it to her. She stopped struggling and he grabbed a wrist and slashed it. She screamed through the gag. She seemed shocked to see what this man had just done to her as she watched a small river of red run from her wrist.

She came to her senses and started to fight again like a little tiger. He was much stronger than she was. He straddled her wiggling body and easily pinned her to the hard ground. He took the wrist in his mouth and drank eagerly her warm running blood. She started to weaken after about 10 minuets of fighting and the blood flow was slowing from that cut. So he spread her legs and looked eagerly down at her pussy. He forced his head between her thighs and lapped at her open cunt with his blood soaked tongue. He sucked the tip of her clit and rubbed it with one of his sharp fangs.

He played with her like this for a while. In fact he thought for a moment she relaxed and opened her legs wider for him but it may have been her getting weaker from loss of blood. No matter, he took the knife and opened up the right side of her femoral artery in her groin. She moaned in pain. He clamped his mouth around the fountain of bright red blood and swallowed as quickly as he could.

He wondered if this is how the whores must feel when they are trying to swallow cum while giving head. He was almost choking on her blood like a woman that can't swallow the load fast enough. He was getting excited now. His dick was hard and he wanted to stick it inside her. He wanted to possess her to dominate her.

He quit drinking and pulled his pants off and dipped his dick in her still flowing blood as a lubricant and entered her. She was warm and wet her blood was running down between his thighs and down his balls and it felt wonderful. He fucked her hard over and over. Watching the panic in her dying eyes and reveling in her misery. That is when he bit her. He went for the jugular. He was fucking her and chewing on her neck. It took two or three good bites to open her vein and as he did he felt the warm spay of blood on his face. It made him orgasm. He came deep inside her.

He could still feel her heart beating against his chest. He was getting full and fulfilled. He noticed the flow was slowing now. He opened up her other wrist to hasten the process. He massaged her breast with his strong hands. He cruelly pinched her nipple to see if she could still respond to pain. She winced and it turned him on again. He forced four of his fingers into her roughly and proceeded to explore her insides with his hand. He opened his fingers wide and watched for the reaction in her fading eyes. It hurt and he knew it. He liked it.

He knew from experience if he kept her stimulated and kept her from going into shock too soon, he would get a better blood flow. That is when he decided to shove his whole fist into her. He balled up a fist and started a drilling motion with his hand and wrist hard against her opening. He had never done this before and he was enjoying it. He managed to force his first few knuckles in but he was meeting resistance. The pray was feeling it though. He could see it in her wide eyes.

He was pushing harder than he thought should be necessary when all of a sudden his fist slipped into her. She threw her head back and screamed into the gag till drool was dripping from the gag rag. She looked wonderful to him naked and bleeding in the last moments of her life. He pounded away at her without mercy with his arm. He watched in excitement as her body accepted his entire arm over and over. He watched the opening stretch wider than he had ever seen a woman's cunt get.

He bit her breast with his fangs till he found a vein and licked at the last trickles of her life's blood. He was the monster now. He tortured her with bites to her nude body till he felt his hand deep inside her start to go cool. He knew she was almost gone. He chucked the body into a dumpster and covered it with some trash. He cleaned himself the best he could with what was left of her clothes and tossed them.

The water started to run cold; it woke him from the memory of his dinner. He had used all the hot water. Brandy playfully pulled back the shower curtain, examining his wet and naked body with a little gleam in her eye. She tossed him a big fluffy towel.

"Dam Hun you look good. I missed you. I missed your arms around me all day while you sleep."

She flicked her long hair back just enough to see her little scars on her neck. I missed you making love to me too. He was glad he had eaten and was strong enough to satisfy her. It was going to be a long day of love-making.