 It was always foggy in the morning in Rainfall Hills. The ocean gave the little community an unmistakable seaside feel that had made this place home to locals of the quiet hilly area. Rain Fall Hills was a town of little commodity and had very little to offer but for some reason it always managed to get by. It was a place that although rumored to have its darker secrets that made most avoid the place still managed to attract just the right people to keep it lucrative enough to keep the people who lived there happy with their small fortunes. It was a greedy town in fact and the people who lived there unmistakenly had a bit of darkness to their character; and then some seemed to be darkness themselves altogether. Visistors often did feel an appeal to the place but it was in a dark and foreboding kind of way so most good folks from the surrounding communities tended to usually shy away from it. Then there was always some misfortunate accident or death happening year round it seemed but for some reason it still managed to attract some souls to itself... Rain Fall Hills was indeed a dark town with even darker secrets...

Marcy, Bobby, and Debra where all seniors getting ready to graduate all having turned 18 at one point of the year or another and had decided to have one last thrill before going on to bigger better things. There were rumors of many people in Rainfall Hills but it was a certain shop owner in Rainfall Hills that practiced witchcraft and lived in an alleged haunted house that had become the target of thrill seeking. Going into Rainfall Hills always held a bit of a foreboding sense to the other neighboring communities and it had even had a recent death being some freak accident involving an old fashioned black powder rifle further up in the hillsides. It was that element that had gotten the three's interest into making this their final fling before going off to college. 

They all stood in the distance a bit of a ways before the old fashioned house that sat perched upon one of the many sloping hillsides of Rainfall Hills. Bobby seemed to have an air of confidence leaning against his old mustang, while Debra seemed more agitated and nervous about what they were contemplating doing. Marcy on the other hand always the thrill seeker loved the idea of sneaking into a witch's house and whatever calamity might follow. 

"Double dog dare yah?", Marcy said playfully to her two class mates who had played hooky from school from one of the nearby communities called "Pleasence County" home of the Pleasence "Wild Cats". 

Bobby and Debra where looking at Marcy with slightly agitated expressions. "You have been on about this all day it's really starting to get old Marcy.", said Debra shaking her head in annoyance looking to Bobby for approval. 

Bobby looked at her with a look that had more intrigue this time. "Well not to say that I'm not a little bit curious", said Bobby with a face that had thoughtful mischief written all over it. "I mean witchcraft or no, Mrs. Anderson sure is a smoking peace of ass!" 

Debra rolled her eyes at bobby then said, "I don't like it, what if we get caught snooping around her house? Ditching school is one thing but to get caught breaking and entering... again I might add."

Marcy always was the instigator of these kinds of things and never seemed to care about consequences, but it was that attitude that tended to get the whole group into trouble more often than not. Debra on the other hand had started to get a bit sick of the trouble part especially after the last fiasco involving them to sneak into one of the graveyards at night using a Ouija board that only got them thrown out by the police. "Hey the Ouija board idea was going good till the police showed up", interjected Bobby who had managed to get a few letters out of it before the boys in blue showed up.

Debra was looking at the large old fashioned house with growing anxiety. The house was a large two story home with all those old fashioned railings and eaves that were always so decorative back then. It was painted a faded green like Saint Patrick's day and all the locals just called it "The Green House" and that was how they had heard about it. The Green House as the locals liked to refer to it was the home to a local woman that ran one of the local shops specializing in trinkets, body oils and candles. She was barely middle aged and was darkly alluring with pacifying brown eyes as the rumor had it. Also it was rumored that she was a witch with seductive powers and could make any man fall desperately in love with her if she so chose. "I don't like the idea of snooping around some woman's house" said Debra, "especially if she could be a real life witch! Powers or no people who delve into dark arts could be bad company if you get on their bad side I'd have to think."

Marcy started to chuckle, "well you can relax if she is a witch because if the rumors are right she seduces men and not dainty things like yourself Deb." Then she looked to Bobby with a mock hungry look. "Him on the other hand..." She started eyeing him up like a piece of meat with a playfully wicked smile. "He might be everything a big bad witch could want..."

Bobby was grinning back at Marcy with a lecherous expression soaking in her words obviously enjoying the predatory attention. He looked back up at the house and almost felt himself stir in his pants with his mind on the alleged sex witch inside. "Hey she can use my power anyway she wants girls, I wouldn't complain!" "In fact I think Marcy here just talked me into it. Whatever kinky fetish she's into Mrs. Anderson can hook me into from dog leashes to handcuffs I would be game."

"No Bobby, this is a bad idea", Debra looked down unhappily knowing he had made up his mind already. She looked dejectedly back up to the house and seemed to resign herself to the will of the group. "Fuck, let's just get this over with", she grumbled.

Marcy turned and started hiking up the hill toward the Greenhouse without out a second thought all thrills in her mind knowing that Bobby and Debra would be close behind. As they got closer Bobby seemed to feel narrow minded as if the house beckoned for him to enter it and hope for the pleasure from the sex goddess within as he was starting to think of her. Debra on the other hand felt more and more uncomfortable as if she was being led to an event she really wanted no part in with almost sad eyes as if she knew she was going to suffer for this. 

None of them knew Mrs. Anderson's first name but they remembered her well from seeing her around when they'd enter Rainfall Hills for kicks. If she was indeed a witch it was very easy to fall under her spell if ever one could try to talk to her. She was very deep to interact with in a way that one would think that they could talk to her about anything having found a gentle soul that could really love one unconditionally regardless of whoever they were. She would often keep eye contact with people as if to take them in a few moments after she had finished with them before releasing them by moving her eyes down meekly or stroking you on the arm with gentle affection. She had understanding dreamy brown eyes that were very disarming and seemed to hold a person whenever she talked to them like you were the only person in the world with her when she had your attention. Then she had such a soft gentle voice that one could get lost in whenever she spoke regardless of the topic which emanated from the softest full set of lips almost daring the listener to accept her passionate kisses. Mrs. Anderson undoubtedly glowed with seductive powers if ever there was such a witch of sexual inclination and magic. With her long curly brown hair and dainty body with curves in all the right places complemented with a full set of legs and heaving bosoms; she was definitely a sight to behold and lured even some of the most pious people into her little trinket shop that just couldn't help to be charmed into her affections. 

As the three neared the house it was Debra that noticed it first, "look a window is open on the second floor." There on the left side from the front door of the giant old fashioned two story home was a window left slightly ajar. Marcy chuckled again and exclaimed, "a little too easy I'd have to say, besides who sneaks into the house from the front side?" With that she waltzed around the house and surprisingly on the left side of the house all 3 windows to each likely room where wide open and a ladder was leaning on the side of a hill that was directly next to that side of the house as if to invite in would be thieves. 

Debra was growing more nervous by the minute at how it seemed as if this sex witch almost seemed to want people to get at her in some way. "I don't know guys, it looks as if she's trying to dare them to try and break in... like she wants it or something." She kept looking into each window her eyes scanning for movement that seemed to play in the house's shadows that were luminescent with candles obviously keeping the dark rooms lit. "Doesn't it feel wrong somehow?" Debra said almost to herself. 

Marcy suddenly turned to Debra frustrated, "I've heard enough doubt out of you for the day Debs. You are going in there with us and no, you don't get a choice in the matter so get that through you tiny little head." She said have teasingly yet half seriously to her. Debra again looked down timidly always being the follower in the group very nervous about the whole situation. 

Bobby had already started with the ladder and had propped it up underneath the window closest to the back of the house. Marcy put her arm around Debra and said, "You're going to have to go in first you know." Debra slank away from her as Bobby started to climb the ladder eager to get inside curious lust getting the better of him. Debra watched uncertainly as Bobby disappeared of the ladder through the window then reappeared and quietly beckoned with his arm to climb up. Marcy looked at Debra who immediately shook her head in protest and said, "I'll keep watch", defiant not to go inside. Marcy then shook her head and headed up the ladder disappearing into the dancing silhouettes that shadowed the room as she entered past the window. 

By the time Marcy got up Bobby had already moved on deeper into the house so she took in the room on her own drawing it all in. The old house had a log cabin feel to it despite having two floors and multiple rooms. The room was furnished with many wooden shelves a desk and wooden walls that completed the cabin effect. It seemed to be a library of sorts but most of the books seemed to be labeled in another language. On the desk was a real human skull with a red candle that burned atop of it having dripped and dribbled all over the sides making it look more like art than something that might have once been a person. The candle filled the room with a sweet fragrance that she couldn't quite place adding to the atmosphere more of the elegant gothic quality. This was right up Marcy's alley, so she decided to take a book from the shelf and place it by the skull candle before sitting at the desk and thumbing through it. 

***

Bobby had worn Sneakers and being a bit on the athletic side was having no trouble search around the house. He was eager to catch a glimpse of the so called which in the act of her magic knowing that it if it was indeed sex magic it had to be something hot to watch. Quietly he kept checking room after room failing to absorb any of the contents of what was in them hungry to get a glimpse of Mrs. Anderson when one room froze him in his tracks. 

After pushing open a heavy door that would close on its own with a vacuum powered rocker arm; was a room that could be nothing short of a torture chamber. It had hard wood floors, padded sound proofed walls, tables and chairs with straps and things of the like. He walked inside quietly in awe letting the door close behind him taking in all the bondage fetishes that were oddities to him though he joked about it often with his ring of friends. He didn't get to look long as he heard a gentle female voice offer, "There is a dog leash right there." 

Bobby spun around as if he'd been shocked by a volt of electricity and his legs went weak when he saw Mrs. Anderson standing by the wall to the far side of the room never having noticed her there watching him all the while. "Mrs. Anderson!" His words left him suddenly at the sight of her for she had nothing on besides a very low cut dark yellow silk robe exposing most of her thick creamy white thighs and naked silken legs. "Mallory", she said. She looked into his eyes understandingly with a friendly smile upon her soft thick full set of lips making sure she held his gaze. He felt unable to break away from her gaze and a million thoughts were going through his mind just then. One he had been caught in her home uninvited, two she was the hottest thing he'd ever laid eyes on, and three she had caught him exploring her personal dungeon and seemed far too calm about the situation. She spoke in the most pleasant and soothing tones never allowing him to be released from her gentle gaze, "I believe you said you would be into any kinky thing that I would be willing to put you through, no?" She kept her gaze locking his eyes into her own, and suddenly Bobby started to relax. He looked back into her eyes the tension all seemed to ebb away as she looked into him very fondly and lovingly. 

"It is ok... I knew you were coming to me tonight", she spoke with all the assuredness of a lover who had been awaiting her one true love and eager to please. Bobby's mind started to slow down and he could think much clearer so he spoke, "How did you know what I had said to my friends about the collar and things?" Mallory only looked into his eyes with much compassion as if he was all that mattered in the world to her and Bobby just fell further and further into her charm. "A sex witch has her ways as you now know of course... especially since I'm using such magic for you even now.", she said invitingly. He looked deeply into her eyes unable to muster any suspicion feeling like being with her was the most natural thing in the world for him. In this moment there wasn't a shred of fear and this was most unusual he knew; having being caught red handed snooping around her home being the uninvited visitor. He came to the conclusion that he was indeed under her spell and that he didn't care to be released from it; that he would love and cherish her affectionately forever and his heart ached horribly at the thought of missing this chance. 

Mallory asked him with a hint of hurt at rejection, "Would you like me to break the spell so that you could stop loving me... I don't think you do..." She pouted at him slightly as she finished her question and Bobby shook his head immediately. She drew a longing expression as she looked into his eyes never letting him look away. She started to move towards him silkily, quickly closing the distance and put her arms around his neck embracing him into a very passionate loving kiss. She kissed him deeply and incessantly while Bobby was helpless but to kiss her back hungrily drinking heavily from her soft lushes lips lost and under her spell. 

***

Marcy had gotten lost in the books fast in the first room and hadn't even bothered to inspect beyond that it. Surprisingly they were mostly in old English so they were fairly easy for her to read. Even more surprisingly not one of them held anything about witch craft though they did have other things of dark intrigue. She was reading a book called "Watchers of the Woods", when Debra popped her head into the window and gave her a start. 

"What's taking so long? And where the heck is Bobby?" she asked quietly. Marcy shrugged as Debra got into the room and hurriedly moved next to her to look at what she had found. Debra's eyes lit up as she took in the illustration on the current page; it was a picture of a werewolf she thought hovering over a man tearing out his shoulder or so it appeared. Marcy slowly grinned, "It's how they procreate. Apparently or so the book says Rainfall Hills was full of them back in the day." Debra didn't believe in such things but that image in the book didn't do anything to calm her nerves about their situation. Debra closed the book, "Oh put it away, I'm sick of waiting outside. Let's find Bobby and get out of here, it's getting dark." 

Marcy felt a little light headed then turned to Debra and asked, "How long have I been reading?" 

Debra replied, "I've been waiting outside for at least an hour, and you seriously have no idea where Bobby has been all this time?"

Marcy didn't reply and stood there with a lost look upon her face. Debra looked at her and noticed that she looked very sleepy and hardly like the bubbly animated teenager that she normally was. "Are you feeling ok Marcy?" she asked with concern. 

"I feel really drowsy for some reason", she replied in a haze. "Did you know that a werewolf can turn into a wolf any night and not just a full moon?" she said absentmindedly. Debra tensed in frustration and looked hard at Marcy then said, "Ok just stick with me we will find him together and get out of here." 

***

The two of them stood unclothed and in each other's arms kissing each other hungrily with their cloths all strewn around them. Mallory broke the kiss and brought her lips to his ear pressing her body into Bobby's melting into him. "Let me have you Bobby... will you give yourself to me?" she cooed into his ear yearning for his touch desperately. Bobby was only too quick to reply with a simple 'yes', so she coaxed him further. She took his hand with her own and moved it to her wet furry center and held it there. The hair was the same vibrant thick wavy hair that was on her adorably sweet face. "Do you feel that" she purred gently applying pressure to his middle finger letting it slip inside her slick labia. She moaned longingly and gently started rocking her hips on his finger. "Bobby let me have you... be my new mate..." she said making eye contact with him with her sleepy brown eyes tempting and enticing him further. 

The look she had was one of desperate passion and desire pouting at him in a way that was impossible for him to reject. They had been fondling and grooming each other for close to an hour now. Their love for each other was the only thing that mattered and the spell was complete. "Be mine Bobby, take me now and you will become my mate..." she said almost pleadingly moist with desire for his throbbing member. 

Bobby grabbed her in his arm as she grabbed the head of his member and guided it under her thick swollen lips. She looked into his eyes that looked back hungrily just as he plunged himself deeply inside of her silken depths. Mallory let out a soft cry as she felt his large member engorge itself deeply within her pushing toward her tummy. Bobby held her in his arms pumping furiously into her dripping love hole straining upward his with his rod pushing the soft flesh of her labia against her vulva. 

Something had come over Bobby and he felt himself helpless to resist Mallory so he started to tear right into her with an intensity he'd never felt before. Pulling on her hair he growled with Farrell hunger for his 'new mate' as she had said it. He moved his arms all over her back squeezing her large soft breasts against his chest all the while he breathed in the perfume in her hair. The room quickly started to become perforated with the smell of their growing sex as they got lost in the heat and passion. Mallory lubricated Bobby's rod slickly and thoroughly as it slid in and out of her wet tunnel causing her to shudder in his arms uncontrollably. 

Bobby loved the way she shook in his arms at the feel of his touch and the feeling of her dainty little body sliding up and down his manhood was driving him crazy. He loved her so much all of a sudden that it didn't make sense but he'd had sex before but never with the passion that he felt now. He needed her and he knew that he was in over his head knowing that she must have at least 15 years on him but right now he didn't think he could ever be whole without her. The way that her body yielded to his each and every thrust was so gentle and accepting that it was as if her body was made to please him in any way that it could and that made his heart melt for her every time he thrusted into here that much more. It was as if her pussy loved him with a conscience all of its own and wanted to keep him there as long as it could never wanting to let go.
