 The phone rang at ten o'clock in Michelle's house as she sat alone in the darkness. She often liked to sit by the window at night and take in the sounds of the summer insects in

their ubiquitous concert. 

"Hello," she answered, not thinking that it was as late as it was. 

"Hi there, answered Radcliff, his voice as handsome as ever. "What are you up to on this lovely night? Are you alone in your house?" the roughish voice beckoned. 

"Yes I am and I was just taking in the quiet night before doing some reading on my studies of pre-civil war American politics." There was suddenly a long pause on the other end of the line. 

Outside Michelle could still here her favorite sound of the crickets in their uninterrupted but yet somehow melodic continuity, and also an occasional bullfrog croak even though the pond was at least a half a mile away. Wow, it really is peaceful she thought. 

"Michelle are you there?" He must have been talking but she was so taken in by the natural sounds heard through her open window that Radcliff was temporarily forgotten. "Look Michelle, do you want to hear my thesis or what?" 

"Sure of course I do. I am sorry. I guess maybe I am a bit tired. Maybe I should call you back tomorrow." 

"Michelle I really would appreciate it if you'd listen for a time. I am really in need of your expertise here," the voice seemed to echo in the phone. 

"Well, okay. I will listen, shoot." 

As Radcliff started reading his argument over the phone, Michelle once again noted the natural sounds from outside and cherished such a lovely background. Even more, the darkness of her house gave view to a beautiful moonlit scene in her yard. Outside there were two torches, which Michelle had kept burning when she was out in her Jacuzzi, and they caught her eye. Otherwise the yard was still except for these flickering flames. The melodic tenor voice inside the phone seemed to lull her into a trance and the still of the night was dreamlike and mystical. Suddenly Michelle thought she was hearing a strange woman's voice in the back of her mind. She felt badly for not giving Radcliff her undivided attention but he would re-read the thing if she wanted. It seemed like maybe someone was in Radcliff's house talking, so she interrupted him momentarily. 

"I am sorry, but is someone over? I can hear another voice." 

"NO, no one is here. Oh, okay, continue. It is probably just my imagination." He continued his oration but Michelle could still hear what sounded like voices. She tried to tune them out but they were there clear as night. 

Michelle stood up, the voice of her friend was playing on in her ear as she arose and walked the border of her living room. Along the row of huge windows the one in the corner of the room was open. Upon turning the corner of the L shaped room and reaching the house's far side with the sliding glass door, Michelle could not believe her eyes. She was too shocked to respond at first as she caught sight of two entangled bodies in the light of the outside torches. 

She was unable to see the intruders from her chair but here they were clear as night. A woman was holding on to the side of the hot tub, her mouth drawn open as she was being railed from behind by a well muscled man. The bodies were quite detailed to Michelle's eyes as the hot tub was only about ten feet from the entrance of the house. Since it was dark inside the house Michelle's figure could not be seen as she stared at the lust before her eyes. However it would be impossible for the participants in such a deviant act to see anything through their visions of lustful action. Here Michelle was listening to Radcliff in the phone and her hot tub had been invaded by two sex starved deviants. Michelle wanted to open the slider and scream at the fuckers but she felt frozen as she looked at the FACE of the woman bent over the edge of the tub. Her eyes were rolled back in her head and for the first time Michelle's ears locked in on the now ever loudening sound which was for the first time perfectly clear. The woman's mouth was producing moans which brought the sexual act inside Michelle's house and both surprised and amazed her. 

Michelle was in a trance and could not petition the man and woman. Her eyes were glued on the scene in front of her, her ears fixed on the panting, whimpering woman getting satisfied by her male lover. Suddenly Michelle felt her legs weaken and she felt moisture collecting in her panties. Michelle started massaging her breast and was totally locked into the scene in front of her. The woman was rocking back and forth under the power of this man's penetration. His cock was sliding deep inside her vagina and her pussy lips were spread wide to encircle its girth. Beads of sweat were appearing on the woman's back as her beautiful full breasts swayed in the flickering light of the torches. Her nipples were fully erect and the man was pulling and groping her tits occasionally as he took her virginity from behind. She was turning her head around and begging him to fuck her. 

The words met Michelle's ears and she let out a whimper as her hand met the moistness of her crotch.

"What was that Michelle? Are you okay?" a voice asked with a mix of concern and confusion.

"Oh, um I'm fine." Michelle erupted. She had almost forgotten that Radcliff was on the other end of the phone. 

"Michelle is something wrong? You sound flustered." Her thighs were feeling wet as her panties were almost soaked through with her lovely juices. She could not think straight with the sound and sight of the woman getting her brains fucked in and Michelle did not really think or even care at that moment what she said to her companion. She was too taken aback by her erotic state. 

"Ohhhhhh ram it in her, fuck her nasty cunt." Michelle called out with indifference to the fact that ears could hear her. The man on the other end of the telephone thought to himself:

"What is this girl doing?"

"Ahhhhh," she screamed into the receiver. It seemed as if her mind was not her own but under the control of some impalpable force. Radcliff asked:

"Michelle what's going on? You are talking crazy talk, snap out of it." She only answered: 

"Shut up and listen to me. Do you want to read your paper or listen to me finger my tight snatch?" 

"Uhhhhhh. . ." Radcliff hushed himself and listened as his phone erupted with moans and panting. He was thoroughly confused at what was happening. He thought he should hang up the phone and drive over to the house on Sansongak drive but he was in shock and could not do anything currently. Michelle meanwhile was watching as the couple, now outside of the hot tub, were laying down a spread out towel and preparing to enter the next phase of their sex worship. A moment later the man was standing with an erection which was in plain sight and his lover was kissing him up and down his thighs. His large hands were running through the woman's hair.

"Oh that's it," Michelle said. Let her wrap her rose petal lips around your hard peach staff. "Ohh suck that hard penis. It is driving me wild. She's taking it in her hot mouth and jerking him off."' Radcliff could not believe the words she muttered in heat. 

"I love the way you take his whole shaft in your small red lips and fondle his huge fat balls." Michelle's right hand clutched her panties and pulled them upward so they divided her tight vaginal lips and began to rub her sensitive clitoris as she moaned into the receiver and licked her lips seductively. Her legs lifted in the air. "Ohhhh, that's it. Suck him, suck him off and let him jet his seed into your mouth. Suck him!"' 

The woman was deep throating the hard prick and the man guided her by pulling her head toward him and even occasionally thrusting toward her ready mouth, his pubic hair pressing violently around the contours of her face. Michelle could hear the sounds of the man's grunting mixed with the smacking lips of the girl's oral application. She pulled away and demanded for his hot cum all over her tongue and down her throat and Michelle inserted another finger into her now gushing pussy. 

"Ohhh that's it baby. Take all of his spunk." Radcliff could hardly take all of this but was paralyzed to act in any way for his cock was rock hard as his gorgeous crush pleased herself. 

With a final grunt the streams of orgasms met the woman's waiting tongue and she began hastily drinking up the white waterfall and licking her lips

"Ummmmm. . .you taste so good," the woman allowed herself. The man was obviously spent and as he jerked the last drops of cum onto the waiting tongue of his lover both Tiki torches went out at the same time. 

Michelle was orgasming, her taught pussy lips were stretched as she inserted three fingers into her waiting mound of hot pink flesh. She had the phone in the crook of her neck and was rubbing her clit and undulating onto her hand. Her hips were bucking and when the scene in front of her disappeared she felt a flood of pussy juice cover her hand with her final pleasure. 

Michelle was sex starved and not satisfied. She got up and took off out the front door, knowing that the slider would alarm her company. She snuck around to the back with a lighter she took off the counter, replacing it with the phone as she made for the torches. A voice inside the phone echoed for a moment.

"Michelle, Michelle are you there?" Then the line went dead.... 

When Michelle reached the torches she stripped off her undies and lit the right most torch as she posed naked for her guests to see. The couple was utterly surprised but too spent to run away and still ready for more action. Michelle walked downward and got next to the woman. She grabbed her breast with one hand and kissed her passionately. Their lips parted at the same moment and their tongues danced together in unison, exploring each others mouth as they moaned and fondled. After a few minutes Michelle turned to the man and started without one word to suck his flaccid penis as she fondled his balls. "Mmmm," she moaned. She stopped and looked into his eyes which glowed red in the torch light. 

"Ohhhh, I'm going to make you hard as a statue so that I can have you inside my virgin pussy." His cock began twitching and in no time was hard as a bone in her mouth and her throat. She took his cock all the way in her throat and pulled him closer to force his manhood deeper inside of her. The woman spoke:

"Ohhhhhhh you suck a good cock you little slut." Before Michelle could oppose, the woman began slapping her ass and soon she felt a warm tongue lapping at her tight snatch. Michelle moaned as the tongue entered her tight vagina. She had never been eaten out and especially not by a woman. She felt the hot breath on her bottom and hands caressing and fondling her full breasts. She had a cock deep in her mouth and a tongue was licking her clit. She pulled away from that meaty dick and turned around to welcome the man intruder's thick shaft into her tight slit. 

"Ohhhh fuck me from behind." The woman was to her feet almost instantly and guiding the man's ruggedness into her cunny hole, moaning and coaxing her lover to fuck.

"She wants your dick deep inside her." She grabbed Michelle's ass and then slid underneath her to run her wet tongue across the meeting place of Michelle and her lover's sex organs. 

Soon the man was pumping in and out of Michelle's stretched opening. With a change of position by the girl, Michelle felt the man's hands guide her face into the woman's waiting vagina and soon she was lapping up the girl's wet hole which smelled of the lovers mingled juices mixed with the fragrance of her own sweet pure womanhood. Michelle felt drunk with desire and lapped furiously until she felt herself in the grip of an orgasm. The man seemed to be on top of her and behind her at the same time as the body beneath her smacked her ass and seemed to yell out pleasure at Michelle's job at eating her pussy. The woman's legs were humping against Michelle's face and she could hear her own muffled cries through the woman's cunt hair which paled in comparison to the noises made by the man whose thick cock was now spurting procreation deep inside of her sex nest. 

"Ohhhhhhh I'm Cumming. OH ahhhh that's it take it all baby, ohhhh cum inside me. Fill me with your hot jizz." The man had stopped after he could not take any more and was jetting hot semen all over Michelle's pussy and the tongue of the girl who greedily drank and cleaned off Michelle's aching bottom. "Mmmmm oh yes let me drink it all and lick your cum off her tight pussy." The man commanded that Michelle turn around and she was soon drinking up the last drops of white ooze off that thick meat rod as her tongue met the whimpering and moaning mouth of her new female lover. Their tongues mingled and lapped at the tip and shaft of the enormous cock in front of them. They took turns sucking it and mouthing his balls. Their hands fell all over each other, their bodies were soft like crepe paper in the flicker of the yellow light and their eyes seemed other worldly. Suddenly the woman took Michelle's hand and guided her to her delicious vagina which she spade open while she lay on the ground. She was touching the man and moaning, her legs up high in the air. Michelle ate her with abandonment and drove her unusually long tongue deep inside of the wet hole. She licked the clit and sucked it and ran her hands up and down her silky and smooth thighs, every second wanting to taste the sweet orgasm that awaited her. She knew it was coming as the woman bucked and moaned, cried out and undulated. 

"Oh yes! Eat me, lick me ohh. Ohhhh baby that's it." Michelle was fingering her vagina and lapping furiously at the woman's incredible clitty. She was moaning too as she loved the taste of her first pussy. Suddenly Michelle began to flatten out her tongue and prod at the sweet outer lips as she encircled the pussy petals with the tip of her tongue and finger rammed the girl's bottom with a fervor which she knew would do the trick. The sounds the girl made were out of a dream and her hips met the night air as she poured out what seemed like a bucket of cum all over Michelle's face. Michelle was lapping it up as fast as she could, not wanting to waste a drop of the sweet nectar. It was an offering from the goddess of night, from a fairy from below. She covered that sweet vagina with the whole of her mouth and drank with the love she felt deep in her entire being. 

"Ummmmm, like you taste and smell like heaven," she called out in between her mouthfuls of the juices of lust. As she was licking the firm thighs of her maiden she was again bucking her hips and soon she felt her vagina lips stretch as three fingers entered her. She was very wet and soon her lubricant allowed the nearly forgotten man's tube steak to slip inside her swollen mound. 

With a motion he put just the head of his rod in her vagina and began rubbing her clit. Her face was buried in the awaiting vagina and she only let out a muffled moan as he first tickled her thigh, then her ass cheek and then rammed the whole of his cock into her snatch. He then removed his huge throbbing member only to plunge it in her pussy again and again. This continued until his motions were a fluid in and out and he was driving her mouth into the woman's snatch and she was demanding her to eat and him to fuck.

"Fuck her tight slutty slit. Fuck her and don't you stop eating my pussy. You do such a good job eating me out. Ah oh oh oh, it feels so very good when you eat me out." 

Michelle's tongue was gliding from the woman's clit to the entrance of her warm pink love tunnel and the woman was laughing and demanding and started raising her hips to meet the strokes of Michelle's tongue. Occasionally Michelle found that her tongue met the girl's bum and even once or twice Michelle unknowingly licked the entrance to her ass. As her pussy was completely filled and she was beginning to orgasm, Michelle lost all control and began to crazily lap at the gorgeous pussy and thighs. She was soon crazily tonguing the girl's tight ass and groping her tits with abandon . She let out a scream and was ramming her bottom back at the probing prick which was impaling itself deep within her womb.

"Uhhhh fuck my tight cunny hole. Ummmmmm oh oh oh oh ummmmmm fuck it, fuck, fuck me, do it." 

Michelle begged for him to cum. She wanted to feel the flood of his hot semen rushing into the gate of her city. To feel his balls bang against her ass was not enough next to her imagined perception of the flowing of hot cum she would savor in her womanly opening. 

"Ohhhhh give me your cum. Fuck me. Oh Oh I'm cumming, uh oh oh oh." 

He was also groaning and suddenly everything was black. 

"I'm cumming inside you" he was yelling as he slammed brutally into her pussy. The woman's pussy was pressed forcefully against Michelle's face and she was gushing out a stream of juice which Michelle drank eagerly like a sacred offering. 

Finally Radcliff had reached Michelle's house as he was worried that she might be hurt or off on another crazy tangent as a result of her ailment. After all she had hung up on him and wasn't picking up her phone. What else was a friend to do when his companion was just before acting strange, moaning and scolding him, panting and falling all over the house and then stopped responding. He pulled up to the house and getting out of his car he was immediately attracted to the light of a bright burning torch out on her patio. "Hopefully she is sound asleep," Radcliff mused. He ran around back terrified of what he might find and heard the unmistakable sound of Michelle moaning and yelling. It sounded like a mix of pleasure and then extreme pain as she was partly moaning and partly letting out a sort of strange diatribe. He sprinted toward the yellow light under the moon and when he got through the thick bushes surrounding her house he saw it. 

Michelle looked up at him with a crazy look in her eye, seeming to almost look right through him. She was bent over with her knuckles white and clutching the edge of a long patio brick. She was on all fours and her knees looked to be cut and bleeding. She was moving forward and back with incredible speed and at her rear was a marble statue which was about four or so feet tall. She was still yelling and Radcliff grabbed her and pulled her away. The statue was positioned behind the girl and Michelle was burying one of the long thick protrusions deep into her stretched vagina. It was a long thick piece of marble about four inches in diameter and very long which belonged to the statue. Her vagina was stretched wider then he thought was possible and when he tore her away she got on her back and began to spread her legs and gush cum out of her vagina as she appeared to almost seizure with a mix of lunacy and orgasm, seizure and ecstasy. Her parted pussy lips were pouring out what looked like liters of juice. It was inhuman and her eyes were rolled back in her head. Radcliff looked into her eyes and then scanned her face. She had apparently been either sucking on the stone or else had fallen as her mouth looked to be a bit bloody. Her breasts were scraped and she was utterly and totally insane. Here was his goddess, ravaged by a statue, naked and used, torn and still ready for more. She finally met his eyes and seemed to look so hungrily at him and at the same time she lifted her legs and again began cumming as she cried out. 

The vision was too much like Radcliff's most sought after fantasy, seeing his beautiful jewel totally vulnerable and wanton. He had been turned on and hard for the whole car ride as he thought of the lusty noises that Michelle had made over the phone. He just could not help himself. Now, Radcliff felt that stiff cock of his empty itself all over the inside of his pants before he could even say a word. He had cum more then he had ever came before. Globs of his seed filled his underwear and dripped down his leg. It was the scene before him that had done it. The sight of his lost crush, before him, ruined by the night's lunacy was so extreme as to supernaturally suck out his ejaculate. She was lost to him in two ways now, not only was she lost as she had always been in his inability to attain her love but now even the intellectual side of Michelle was gone forever from him. He would never fully understand the disturbing episode of lust and madness which had both overtook and seemingly always been a part of Michelle's utter mystery. As he stood before her, totally spent and weak, there was only one thing that he could do...
