 As she opened her eyes she realized the room was dark. Morning was still far off but she had wakened for a reason. What was it?

The moon illuminated the room fabulously. She propped herself onto her elbows and scanned the room. Nothing seemed out of place and yet, something was not right. 

The air conditioner whirred away from beside the window. The curtains, half drawn, waved lazily from a breeze coming through the opened window. She realized then that, though the air conditioner was set to gently cool the room while she slept, the air in her bedroom felt unnaturally cold. Goosebumps formed on her arms and shoulders. Even her feet, securely wrapped in blankets, felt chilled.

She decided to turn off the air conditioner and close the window. 

She began to pull the blankets away when a movement from the corner of the room caught her eye. She turned quickly and watched with horror as a figure detached itself from the shadows of her closet. A man, tall and wearing dark clothes, moved toward the foot of her bed, seeming to float effortlessly across the room. 

She tried to scream but found that her throat would not let her. The sound died in her chest before she could expel it. All that came out was a weak whimper of fear as she scrambled back toward the head board. She gathered up her blankets and wrapped them tightly around her shoulders, childishly assuming they would provide her some armor against the terror that had so quickly overcome her.

The man watched her without expression. He cocked his head to his right side and grinned. Even though it was dark in the room, the moonlight seemed to radiate from his face, making it gleam in the half darkness. His teeth stood out like pearls lying on a beach of dark sand. They reflected the moonlight with dazzling clarity. Another whimper bubbled up from within her as she saw his canine teeth glisten like rare jewels.

With her attention riveted to the sight of his teeth she realized only after he was hovering over her that he was no more than a few inches away. She also realized that she was lying flat on her back, stretched across the width of the bed, though she had no recollection of moving away from the headboard. She giggled feverishly when she saw that he too was stretched to his full height but levitating perfectly parallel to her. 

With a whimper of fear she began to release the buttons of her own nightdress. One after another, her fingers released each one until she was completely exposed from the swell of her breasts to the soft down of hair between her legs. 

As terrified as she was, she could not cry out, although she thought only now that no one would hear if she did. She lived alone in a two story walk-up and the tenants below, she knew, were out of town. Any sound she made would be swallowed up by the night without being heard.

She felt herself shiver and then realized that her nipples had hardened in anticipation, or was it from the cold? Worse, she felt moistness building up between her labia. She was more excited now than she could ever remember being.

She giggled again from pure horror when she found her hands unsnapping the buttons on his trousers. 

It occurred to her only when she had opened them completely there had been no zipper. In fact there were no zippers, no Velcro, none of the fasteners found on any modern-day clothing. Instead, his trousers, his blousy shirt, his jacket, all of them were fastened with ornate brass buttons or lacings as if from another era. 

His waistcoat was black, so too were his trousers and boots. His chemise was white with black edging on the folds of his ruffle. All told, he was dressed as elegantly as any man she had ever seen albeit with a seemingly Victorian look.

Now with his trousers open she reached inside for his member. It felt cold under her grasp and hardened as she softly stroked it. She gulped in fear as it grew but remained cold.

Again without any memory of having moved, she was on her knees beside the bed and he standing in front of her. Without wanting to but unable to stop herself, she moved forward and took his penis between her lips. The taste was at once heavenly and grotesque. Its coldness almost made her gag but it throbbed as she sucked on it.

With a jumble of emotions clouding her brain, she found herself making love to his member as she had never done before.

As a teen and even when she was a grown woman, men had asked and even pleaded for her to suck on them. She had refused most of their requests, and those she did acquiesce to, she did only half-heartedly. A few bobs of her mouth up and down, one or two tongue baths along the shaft and she was done, much to their disappointment. 

Now however, she gorged on his manhood like a starved woman. She made love to it as she never before thought possible, even to the point that she sighed with disappointment when he pulled out of her mouth and laid her spread eagled on her back across the bed.

With one smooth movement he was inside her. She howled with pleasure despite her self-loathing. The feel of his cold skin against hers made her giggle insanely once again. She wrapped her legs around him and her arms clutched at his shoulders. She bucked her hips forward against each of his thrusts and moaned with ecstasy. 

Suddenly he spasmed and pushed his hips forward. She felt his member pulse inside her as he came and she sighed with a mixture of contentment and shame. Her orgasm made her quiver as his cold semen trickled down between her thighs.

When he pulled back from her she saw there was blood dripping from one side of his mouth and over his chin. She had no idea where the blood had come from but she suddenly felt weak. With one last glimpse of him gloating over her nakedness, she passed out and opened her eyes to broad daylight.

The brightness made her head ache and she rushed forward to draw the heavy curtains closed. The movement made her nauseous and she fell heavily into the easy chair that sat beside the window. She bent forward, leaning her elbows on her knees as she struggled to gather breath.

She wondered, not for the last time, whether the night before had been a nightmare, or whether she was losing her sanity.