 Sleep would just not come. 

She lay in her bed staring at the ceiling. Occasionally, lights from a passing car on her small suburban street would illuminate the interior of her room, the ghostly light passing from just above the window to the space above her head, only to disappear as the car passed the house below.

If she had a mechanical clock, such as the numerous clocks in the house where she grew up, she imagined she could listen to it tick away the seconds as she tried to sleep. The nightstand clock she had was digital and, from the corner of her eye, she could see it flip from minute to minute. She sighed when she realized that she had eagerly been awaiting the next minute to appear on the clock.

With a scowl she pushed the covers away and got up from her bed. She sighed again and stepped slowly to the window. 

"This is so damn frustrating!" she thought to herself as she gently pulled the lace curtains back to be able to see the street below. 

The air was a little cooler tonight and she tingled as the night air passed over her body from the open window. There was a gentle breeze and the trees outside swayed slowly with a gentle rhythm.

All day she had felt so exhausted, so depleted of energy, she had called in sick and stayed home with what she thought was a touch of the flu. She found two small marks on her neck and realized she must have scratched herself in her sleep at some point. 

Although she had no sniffles or other obvious symptoms of the flu, she guessed she had contracted some sort of virus. Whatever it was, she had no energy, had not stepped outside all day and couldn't even bring herself to eat, even though she knew she must be starving.

She had made soup but only managed to swallow two mouthfuls. The reaction had been swift and violent. She barely made it to the kitchen sink before vomiting the contents of her stomach. The dry heaves that followed were equally violent and intensely painful. 

After cleaning up the mess in the sink, she dumped the remainder of the soup into the toilet and flushed. After that she felt weak as a kitten. 

She curled up on the couch and tried to watch television. She held the remote in her hand and flipped mindlessly through all the channels at least twice. Then she turned the TV off and tossed the remote onto the cushion beside her.

When she felt sick, she often retreated to the balcony where she could soak up some sun and breathe fresh air. Today when she tried that, her eyes squinted shut from the brightness. Pain shot through her eyes and seemed to sear her brain. She flailed madly at the curtains before finally drawing them closed. 

She sighed heavily and made her way slowly back to the couch where she rested fitfully until dusk.

Now that it was almost one in the morning, she could not sleep although she was still exhausted. She closed her eyes and a familiar feeling began to overtake her. Something like a distant memory prodded at her and she felt her nipples rise under the loose nightdress she wore.

Despite her exhaustion she began to feel aroused. She felt gingerly at her breast and cupped it softly. Immediately a jolt of excitement overcame her and she shrugged the flimsy dress from her shoulders and let it fall. It pooled around her feet and she stepped over it, her hands gliding over her bare breasts and down to her belly. She gripped the waist strings of her panties and slid those to the floor as well. 

When she touched the curly hairs that surrounded her labia an electric shock seemed to hit her.

She reached her hands up high and stretched languidly, enjoying the thought that someone outside, if they had been awake and looking toward her window, would see her in all her naked beauty, posing and caressing herself.

She giggled softly, knowing that this was something she would never have considered doing before tonight.

Normally so staid and prudish, she was not given to flaunting her body, even at the beach. Now with her brain on fire with lust that came from she knew not where, she couldn't help herself.

She looked out with disappointment to realize there was no one on the street to see. She turned away from the window grinning and stopped short when she saw a shadow glide from the corner of her room near her closet.

A tall figure, dark and indistinct in the gloom, glided slowly toward her. She saw then it was a man, slender, towering over her in height and smiling with teeth that seemed to gleam in the moonlight.

Although she knew she ought to be terrified, and deep down she cried out in fear, she strolled toward him and reached her arms to his shoulders. She pulled him forward and embraced him. His skin was cool to the touch, cold if she was being honest with herself. 

She didn't care. She pulled him back toward the bed while unsnapping the buttons that closed his trousers. With a wantonness she had never before known, she wrapped her legs around his thighs and pulled him toward her.

She remembered now! She knew this man! They had made love the night before and it was the most thrilling night with a man she had ever experienced.

"But he's so cold!" A tiny voice in her head whimpered in terror. "His skin is cold!"

Ignoring the voice, she ripped at his clothes. At the same time he entered her and she shuddered. His member penetrated her all the way and it was cold. She acknowledged that now. From the root near his testicles, all the way up the shaft and to the tip of his penis, it was deathly cold. 

He thrust into her hard and she shuddered again. 

"God this is amazing", she thought to herself.

"But it's unnatural!" That small voice in her head pleaded once more. "Something is wrong!" it said.

Ignoring the voice again she clutched at him with all her might. He began pounding into her and she shivered with excitement. She felt the cold of his penis radiating through her womb and still she held on to him as tightly as she could.

There was no turning back now, she was about to climax. 

Just then, he grunted, the first sound she heard him make. Then an icy claw gripped at her as his semen filled her belly. 

With a sense of disappointment, she fell back against the bed. Her orgasm had been so close! But then he had finished and it was over now. She rested her head back and turned to her right. Then she felt his teeth penetrate her skin and she heard gobbling sounds. 

She lay back, content to let him do his will. Then it was over and she fell into a heavy sleep.

The next morning she threw herself out of bed to draw the heavy curtains. The morning light pierced her eyes and made her head throb with pain. 

She rushed to the bathroom and vomited. Having eaten nothing the day before, it was all dry heaves and each spasm was unendurable pain.

After her stomach settled she dragged herself back to bed and curled up into a ball. Sleep would not come but she had no energy even to call the office to say she wouldn't be coming in again today.