 As she opened her eyes she realized the room was dark. Morning was still far off but she had wakened for a reason. What was it?

The moon illuminated the room fabulously. She propped herself onto her elbows and scanned the room. Nothing seemed out of place and yet, something was not right. 

The air conditioner whirred away from beside the window. The curtains, half drawn, waved lazily from a breeze coming through the opened window. She realized then that, though the air conditioner was set to gently cool the room while she slept, the air in her bedroom felt unnaturally cold. Goosebumps formed on her arms and shoulders. Even her feet, securely wrapped in blankets, felt chilled.

She decided to turn off the air conditioner and close the window. 

She began to pull the blankets away when a movement from the corner of the room caught her eye. She turned quickly and watched with horror as a figure detached itself from the shadows of her closet. A man, tall and wearing dark clothes, moved toward the foot of her bed, seeming to float effortlessly across the room. 

She tried to scream but found that her throat would not let her. The sound died in her chest before she could expel it. All that came out was a weak whimper of fear as she scrambled back toward the head board. She gathered up her blankets and wrapped them tightly around her shoulders, childishly assuming they would provide her some armor against the terror that had so quickly overcome her.

The man watched her without expression. He cocked his head to his right side and grinned. Even though it was dark in the room, the moonlight seemed to radiate from his face, making it gleam in the half darkness. His teeth stood out like pearls lying on a beach of dark sand. They reflected the moonlight with dazzling clarity. Another whimper bubbled up from within her as she saw his canine teeth glisten like rare jewels.

With her attention riveted to the sight of his teeth she realized only after he was hovering over her that he was no more than a few inches away. She also realized that she was lying flat on her back, stretched across the width of the bed, though she had no recollection of moving away from the headboard. She giggled feverishly when she saw that he too was stretched to his full height but levitating perfectly parallel to her. 

With a whimper of fear she began to release the buttons of her own nightdress. One after another, her fingers released each one until she was completely exposed from the swell of her breasts to the soft down of hair between her legs. 

As terrified as she was, she could not cry out, although she thought only now that no one would hear if she did. She lived alone in a two story walk-up and the tenants below, she knew, were out of town. Any sound she made would be swallowed up by the night without being heard.

She felt herself shiver and then realized that her nipples had hardened in anticipation, or was it from the cold? Worse, she felt moistness building up between her labia. She was more excited now than she could ever remember being.

She giggled again from pure horror when she found her hands unsnapping the buttons on his trousers. 

It occurred to her only when she had opened them completely there had been no zipper. In fact there were no zippers, no Velcro, none of the fasteners found on any modern-day clothing. Instead, his trousers, his blousy shirt, his jacket, all of them were fastened with ornate brass buttons or lacings as if from another era. 

His waistcoat was black, so too were his trousers and boots. His chemise was white with black edging on the folds of his ruffle. All told, he was dressed as elegantly as any man she had ever seen albeit with a seemingly Victorian look.

Now with his trousers open she reached inside for his member. It felt cold under her grasp and hardened as she softly stroked it. She gulped in fear as it grew but remained cold.

Again without any memory of having moved, she was on her knees beside the bed and he standing in front of her. Without wanting to but unable to stop herself, she moved forward and took his penis between her lips. The taste was at once heavenly and grotesque. Its coldness almost made her gag but it throbbed as she sucked on it.

With a jumble of emotions clouding her brain, she found herself making love to his member as she had never done before.

As a teen and even when she was a grown woman, men had asked and even pleaded for her to suck on them. She had refused most of their requests, and those she did acquiesce to, she did only half-heartedly. A few bobs of her mouth up and down, one or two tongue baths along the shaft and she was done, much to their disappointment. 

Now however, she gorged on his manhood like a starved woman. She made love to it as she never before thought possible, even to the point that she sighed with disappointment when he pulled out of her mouth and laid her spread eagled on her back across the bed.

With one smooth movement he was inside her. She howled with pleasure despite her self-loathing. The feel of his cold skin against hers made her giggle insanely once again. She wrapped her legs around him and her arms clutched at his shoulders. She bucked her hips forward against each of his thrusts and moaned with ecstasy. 

Suddenly he spasmed and pushed his hips forward. She felt his member pulse inside her as he came and she sighed with a mixture of contentment and shame. Her orgasm made her quiver as his cold semen trickled down between her thighs.

When he pulled back from her she saw there was blood dripping from one side of his mouth and over his chin. She had no idea where the blood had come from but she suddenly felt weak. With one last glimpse of him gloating over her nakedness, she passed out and opened her eyes to broad daylight.

The brightness made her head ache and she rushed forward to draw the heavy curtains closed. The movement made her nauseous and she fell heavily into the easy chair that sat beside the window. She bent forward, leaning her elbows on her knees as she struggled to gather breath.

She wondered, not for the first time, whether the night before had been a nightmare, or whether she was losing her sanity.

*************************

Sleep would just not come. 

She lay in her bed staring at the ceiling. Occasionally, lights from a passing car on her small suburban street would illuminate the interior of her room, the ghostly light passing from just above the window to the space above her head, only to disappear as the car passed the house below.

If she had a mechanical clock, such as the numerous clocks in the house where she grew up, she imagined she could listen to it tick away the seconds as she tried to sleep. The nightstand clock she had was digital and, from the corner of her eye, she could see it flip from minute to minute. She sighed when she realized that she had eagerly been awaiting the next minute to appear on the clock.

With a scowl she pushed the covers away and got up from her bed. She sighed again and stepped slowly to the window. 

"This is so damn frustrating!" she thought to herself as she gently pulled the lace curtains back to be able to see the street below. 

The air was a little cooler tonight and she tingled as the night air passed over her body from the open window. There was a gentle breeze and the trees outside swayed slowly with a gentle rhythm.

All day she had felt so exhausted, so depleted of energy, she had called in sick and stayed home with what she thought was a touch of the flu. She found two small marks on her neck and realized she must have scratched herself in her sleep at some point. 

Although she had no sniffles or other obvious symptoms of the flu, she guessed she had contracted some sort of virus. Whatever it was, she had no energy, had not stepped outside all day and couldn't even bring herself to eat, even though she knew she must be starving.

She had made soup but only managed to swallow two mouthfuls. The reaction had been swift and violent. She barely made it to the kitchen sink before vomiting the contents of her stomach. The dry heaves that followed were equally violent and intensely painful. 

After cleaning up the mess in the sink, she dumped the remainder of the soup into the toilet and flushed. After that she felt weak as a kitten. 

She curled up on the couch and tried to watch television. She held the remote in her hand and flipped mindlessly through all the channels at least twice. Then she turned the TV off and tossed the remote onto the cushion beside her.

When she felt sick, she often retreated to the balcony where she could soak up some sun and breathe fresh air. Today when she tried that, her eyes squinted shut from the brightness. Pain shot through her eyes and seemed to sear her brain. She flailed madly at the curtains before finally drawing them closed. 

She sighed heavily and made her way slowly back to the couch where she rested fitfully until dusk.

Now that it was almost one in the morning, she could not sleep although she was still exhausted. She closed her eyes and a familiar feeling began to overtake her. Something like a distant memory prodded at her and she felt her nipples rise under the loose nightdress she wore.

Despite her exhaustion she began to feel aroused. She felt gingerly at her breast and cupped it softly. Immediately a jolt of excitement overcame her and she shrugged the flimsy dress from her shoulders and let it fall. It pooled around her feet and she stepped over it, her hands gliding over her bare breasts and down to her belly. She gripped the waist strings of her panties and slid those to the floor as well. 

When she touched the curly hairs that surrounded her labia an electric shock seemed to hit her.

She reached her hands up high and stretched languidly, enjoying the thought that someone outside, if they had been awake and looking toward her window, would see her in all her naked beauty, posing and caressing herself.

She giggled softly, knowing that this was something she would never have considered doing before tonight.

Normally so staid and prudish, she was not given to flaunting her body, even at the beach. Now with her brain on fire with lust that came from she knew not where, she couldn't help herself.

She looked out with disappointment to realize there was no one on the street to see. She turned away from the window grinning and stopped short when she saw a shadow glide from the corner of her room near her closet.

A tall figure, dark and indistinct in the gloom, glided slowly toward her. She saw then it was a man, slender, towering over her in height and smiling with teeth that seemed to gleam in the moonlight.

Although she knew she ought to be terrified, and deep down she cried out in fear, she strolled toward him and reached her arms to his shoulders. She pulled him forward and embraced him. His skin was cool to the touch, cold if she was being honest with herself. 

She didn't care. She pulled him back toward the bed while unsnapping the buttons that closed his trousers. With a wantonness she had never before known, she wrapped her legs around his thighs and pulled him toward her.

She remembered now! She knew this man! They had made love the night before and it was the most thrilling night with a man she had ever experienced.

"But he's so cold!" A tiny voice in her head whimpered in terror. "His skin is cold!"

Ignoring the voice, she ripped at his clothes. At the same time he entered her and she shuddered. His member penetrated her all the way and it was cold. She acknowledged that now. From the root near his testicles, all the way up the shaft and to the tip of his penis, it was deathly cold. 

He thrust into her hard and she shuddered again. 

"God this is amazing," she thought to herself.

"But it's unnatural!" That small voice in her head pleaded once more. "It's wrong!" it said.

Ignoring the voice again she clutched at him with all her might. He began pounding into her and she shivered with excitement. She felt the cold of his penis radiating through her womb and still she held on to him as tightly as she could.

There was no turning back now, she was about to climax. 

Just then, he grunted, the first sound she heard him make. Then an icy claw gripped at her as his semen filled her belly. 

With a sense of disappointment, she fell back against the bed. Her orgasm had been so close! But then he had finished and it was over now. She rested her head back and turned to her right. Then she felt his teeth penetrate her skin and she heard gobbling sounds. 

She lay back, content to let him do his will. Then it was over and she fell into a heavy sleep.

The next morning she threw herself out of bed to draw the heavy curtains. The morning light pierced her eyes and made her head throb with pain. 

She rushed to the bathroom and vomited. Having eaten nothing the day before, it was all dry heaves and each spasm was unendurable pain.

After her stomach settled she dragged herself back to bed and curled up into a ball. Sleep would not come but she had no energy even to call the office to say she wouldn't be coming in again today.

*************************

For the second night in a row she lay in her bed staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep.

For the second day in a row, she had spent it alternately throwing up anything she tried to eat and laying on her couch or in her bed unable to even move around the room from lack of energy.

The headlights from another car moved across her ceiling from above the window to above her headboard and she sighed heavily. It was raining out tonight and she could hear the wet hiss as the car passed her house.

The air conditioner was turned off tonight. Lately, no matter how hot it was, she was feeling chilled. The window was open and the breeze stirred the lace curtains just a few feet away from her. She turned and watched them listlessly as they moved.

The silence of her suburban neighborhood permeated the room and she sighed once more as sleep continued to elude her.

At least she wasn't feeling nauseous anymore.

With a start, she realized that something was moving through the curtains; something that was not the light breeze from outside. She watched with growing terror as an amorphous mist seemed to congeal on the floor by the window. 

The mist began to transform in front of her eyes.

The puddle of mist reached upward toward the ceiling until it was a formless column almost six feet tall. Slowly it began to congeal, to become more distinct until it took on the shape of a man; a tall man dressed all in dark clothes. 

Without willing herself to do so, she pushed her blankets back and sat up to place her feet on the floor. Again, without conscious thought, she stood and pushed the shoulder straps of her nightgown over her arms. The silky chemise slid down to pool at her feet. 

She was not wearing panties or bra because she just didn`t have the energy to put them on when she dragged herself to bed. Now she stood naked before this tall dark stranger and a new vitality began to grow within her.

No longer did she feel lethargic or weary. Her body began to refresh and with it came a primordial lust oozing throughout, from her toes, to the hair on her head and, more urgently, to her now soaking wet vagina.

She went to the man and kissed him deeply. Although his skin, and more eerily his tongue, was cold, she felt a passion rising in her that was impossible to resist. 

She fell to her knees and pulled his cold member out of his trousers. She engulfed it and gobbled on it as if she were a starving woman. Indeed she was. She was starving for this man; the feel of him, the taste of him. Everything about him was the pinnacle of what she had been waiting for all her life; a man to throw herself at, to worship and to perform any act that would please him.

His hips moved rhythmically with her sucking and suddenly he bucked and a jet of cold semen splashed into her mouth. She moaned in ecstasy and savored every drop of the slimy goo.

She let some slip from between her lips and marveled at its consistency as she touched it with her fingers. She rubbed it into her palm and licked at it with her tongue.

He reached down and raised her to her feet. He led her to the bed where they sat side by side. He moved his collar away from his neck and urged her mouth toward it.

Not knowing how she knew, but not questioning it, she knew what she needed to do.

He placed her mouth against his neck and bit at him energetically. 

Like the rest of him, the blood that gushed into her mouth was cold. She suckled at his neck like a baby suckling at its mother`s nipple.

An orgasm such as she had never experienced suddenly wracked her body. She stiffened and felt wave after wave of pleasure sear through her. The sweat stood out on her brow and her vagina became soaked with her juices. She moaned loudly but kept sucking at the man`s neck. 

He left her to swallow as much of his blood as she wanted. By the time she was done, she was weak as a kitten and he laid her on the bed almost reverently.

With a last look into her glazed eyes he grinned and faded into a cloud of mist that flowed across the floor and then through the open window.

The next morning she did not wake.

She lay where her tall dark visitor had left her and did not move. Her skin lost its rose-colored hue and became pale. Her eyes were open but her lashes never fluttered, her lids never blinked, no tears moistened the tissue that surrounded her irises.

As dark fell, her fingers began to twitch. Her hips began to move slightly and then she sat up suddenly. 

She turned her head and looked around the dimly lit room and then smiled. 

Outside, she could hear a car pull up and park in her driveway. Her downstairs neighbors were home from their mini-vacation. She stood and stepped to the window, still naked, and watched with glee as the husband and wife who occupied the main floor of her rented house carried their bags form the car.

Still smiling, she retrieved her nightdress and put it on. The lacy material hugged her figure and she sauntered sensually from her bedroom to the front door of her flat. She opened the door and stood at the top of the stairs leading to her door. 

Downstairs, the husband was just closing the outer door. He looked up and saw her. His eyes went wide when he looked. She stood silhouetted by the dim light coming through her window, rendering her nightdress virtually transparent.

The outlines of her lithe body were fully on display. Her nipples cast a faint pink shadow against the white of her dress and he imagined he could see a darker shadow at the crux of her legs.

He gulped and waved vaguely at her in greeting. She smiled broadly at him and beckoned him forward.

Just then his wife called to him and he, unable to think clearly until then, gave a start and then hurried into his own flat.

He glanced back at her once more where she still stood, smiling invitingly. He gulped once more and then closed the door to his flat quickly.

He leaned his back against the closed door and breathed heavily for a moment, unsure of what had just happened.

"Are you alright?" his wife said as she came from the living area to see him almost gasping for breath. "What's wrong with you?"

"Huh!" he said with a start. "What?"

"What's wrong with you, you look like you've seen a ghost!" she said as she touched her hand to his cheek.

He stared at her for a moment as if waking from a terrible dream and then finally relaxed a bit.

"It's nothing," he said with a half chuckle. "I'm probably just tired from all the driving."

She looked at him doubtfully for a moment and then turned away.

"You're right", she said over her shoulder as she made her way toward the bathroom. "I'm going to take a long hot bath. Maybe you should stretch out on the couch for awhile or something."
