 This is the eighth chapter in the "Midnite's Magic" series. Reading the previous seven chapters in the "Midnite's Magic" series will help you to understand the story more completely. Chapter 1 "Meeting Midnite" inter racial: chapter 2 "Midnite's Surprise" mind control: chapter 3 "Midnite's Show" exhibitionism voyeurism: Chapter 4 "Midnite Makes a Friend" lesbian: Chapter 5 "Midnite's First Toys" toys and masturbation: Chapter 6 "Midnite's Back Door Delight" anal: Chapter 7 "Midnite Goes Home" incest.

Chapter Eight: Midnite Meets the White Witch

After we finished supper and the dishes were cleared away, Midnite brought out the bag containing the surprises she had brought for her mother and sister. Opening the bag, Ebony revealed a collection of cosmetics and very sexy nighties. Immediately my mind began to imagine Midnite, her sister Ebony and her mother Mama Cherry parading around in the hot nighties.

Reaching into the bag, Ebony pulled out a gold mesh baby doll saying, "This looks hot." Holding the outfit against her chocolate brown skin, Ebony turned to me asking, "What do you think Johnny? Does the color suit my complexion? Do you think seeing me in this would give you a hard on?"

"Shit Ebony, I'm getting stiff just thinking how you will look in that outfit." I replied.

When Ebony had gone to change into her baby doll, Mama Cherry pulled a long, white gown from the bag of clothes saying, "What do you think of me in white? Do you think it will make me look like a virgin bride?"

The last to make her choice was Midnite, who came up with a crimson teddy saying, "I hope you like me in this color. When we have finished modeling for you and you are really horny, I'm going to fuck you like never before." Midnite laughed, wiggling her ass all the way to the bedroom where they were changing.

Ebony was the first to emerge from the bedroom. What a fantastic sight! The gold mesh baby doll was made for her. The transparent pale gold cover-up was completely open except for the tie at the neck. The gold mesh bra and bikini were clearly visible beneath the sheer cover-up. Ebony's hard brown nipples and the red lips of her pussy were also visible through the cut outs in the bra and bikini bottom. The dark brown of her skin made the gold mesh appear to glow with a lusty invitation.

"I can see you like this outfit! Ebony laughed, twirling around, giving me a good look at her body and the gold mesh clinging to it. "I can see your cock growing. Is the wrapping getting you excited or the goodies inside?"

Before I could answer Mama Cherry strutted from the room. She had chosen a gown that enhanced her more mature body. The top consisted of a large white satin triangle, the base of which completely covered the breasts, with the apex at her belly button. At the center of the base there was a triangular cut out, revealing the cleavage between Mama Cherry's chocolate colored melons. There was a similar large, white satin triangle making up the back, joined to the front with spaghetti straps over the shoulders and under the arms. The skirt was similarly fashioned from triangles of white satin, with apexes that almost touched the floor. The triangles were joined at the hips with gold buttons.

"What do you think? Does the old girl still have it? Mama Cherry asked, thrusting her pelvis at me and rotating her hips in unmistakable wanton lust. "Do you think I can still get the young boys hard?"

Again I had no chance to reply, as Midnite suddenly appeared. My jaw dropped and my penis began to ache, as pre ejaculate dribbled from my cock head. Midnite stood before me in a red lace, string halter back and rear, teddy. What really made the teddy awe inspiring were the cut outs for the breasts And a crotch that consisted of two strings, running under the crotch, across the hip, joining the t front. There was not much material there, but what a sight. The crimson red color over her dark brown skin was incredible. The way her brown mountains rose from the crimson red field of the teddy made me feel stiffer then I have ever been before. Midnite in that crimson teddy was a wet dream come true.

"Do you like this?" Midnite asked, turning slowly, giving me time to stare at her beauty. Reaching into the bag of surprises, Midnite pulled out a lipstick, saying "My finger and toe nails are hot red cherry; my lips are hot red cherry, so I want you to put this hot red cherry lipstick on my nipples and cunt lips. I then want you to taste them to make sure they suit my hot red cherry image."

I was so excited when I took the lipstick from Midnite, I could not keep my fingers from shaking. To make my task easier, Midnite leaned forward, placing her big, brown, boob's inches from my face. Slowly I rubbed the lipstick around the areola and nipple, making sure every part was thoroughly covered. When I finished putting a cherry on one breast, I went to work on the other peak. It was now time to taste my handy work.

Bending my head to a nipple, I licked the red areola until it glistened with spit. Taking the nipple into my mouth I sucked and licked, enjoying the cherry taste of the lipstick. I could not resist giving the nipple a playful bite, making her gasp in surprise and pleasure. When I had thoroughly sampled the cherry atop one chocolate sundy, I knew I had to try the second one.

Having had her second cherry thoroughly eaten, Midnite helped me adorn her nether lips by standing on the wheelchair seat, with her feet placed on either side of my thighs. Looking up, I was staring directly at Midnite's shaved vagina. Carefully I worked the lipstick into the outer lips of her labia. As I rubbed the lipstick into Midnite's vaginal lips, drops of love nectar began to form along the petals of her flower. Moving the lipstick, I swirled it around Midnite's quivering clit. This clitoral stimulation was causing the glossy red lips to pulsate, as Midnite softly moaned.

The cherry fragrance of the lipstick mingling with the scent of Midnite's arousal was working like a magnet, drawing my tongue to her nether lips. Caressing her labia with my tongue, I scooped the beads of dew into my mouth, savoring the blend of cherry and aroused female musk. It tasted delicious. Continuing to nibble at the tender flesh, I worked my tongue to the apex of Midnite's delta, releasing a flood of pussy juice on the way. Wrapping my lips around her love bud, I began to rapidly flick my tongue across the exposed end. This drove Midnite into a frenzy.

Gasping with pleasure, Midnite grabbed my head for support, as she ground her cleft against my face, while cunt cream sprayed from her vagina. Grabbing her around the thighs, I did my best to keep Midnite from falling. I could feel the soft folds of her vagina palpating against my lips and nose. My face was buried in Midnite's magnificent muff.

When Midnite finally regained herself, she gasped, "Wow that felt great! I keep climaxing harder and faster. Do you think the potion we shared is doing that? You've got me so hot I could melt iron with my cunt. Mama Cherry and Ebony had you earlier, while I waited, so now it's my turn. Let's go to bed so I can fuck our brains out! Good night Mama Cherry! Good night Ebony! See you in the morning."

With Midnite on my lap, I pushed the wheelchair to the bed. Jumping onto the bed, Midnite dragged me after her. Pushing me onto my back, she pulled the white thong from my crotch, revealing my long, fat, throbbing cock. This horny woman was in a hurry to get stuffed.

"O shit baby, the tongue lashing you gave me has me so horny I can't think straight. All I can think about is feeling your big fat cock splitting me wide open."

Straddling my waist, Midnite slammed her pussy down, impaling herself on my shaft, squealing, and "O fuck! This is exactly what I needed! I'm going to ride you like a cowgirl on a wild horse! Tickle my clit! Pinch my nipples! I want to get off again and again. I can feel little orgasms tingle my clit. Give me the big one!"

In her haste Midnite had not even taken time to strip off the red lace teddy. This was not a hindrance, as the cut outs at the breasts and the absence of a crotch made access to Midnite's clit and nipples easy. Wanting to fulfill Midnite's wish, I immediately went to work on her nipples and clitoris.

It was difficult keeping my fingers in contact with her love bud and nipples, as she was continuously bucking and gyrating atop me. Midnite would rise up, until the head of my cock was about to pop from her snug tunnel, then she would slam down, engulfing my entire length in her hot channel. After a short time, Midnite's body was vibrating, as small orgasms shook her. One after another the climaxes rippled through her crotch and into her breasts. Midnite's pleasure was obvious from the way her hard nipples and clit quivered, while cunt cream flooded my buried shaft. She was rapidly building toward a big orgasm. I was close behind.

When Midnite's vagina began to pulsate rapidly, squeezing my shaft, I knew I could not last much longer and neither could she. With a simultaneous cry of ecstasy, we both let our orgasms crash over us. Midnite's pelvis was rotating and grinding against my pubic bone. I could feel my sperm squirting into her grasping tunnel. Sperm was being drawn from me by Midnite's talented vaginal muscles. I was no longer in touch with my surroundings. My concentration was focused on the spot where her body and mine were connected. Nothing else existed, except the pleasure I felt as I experienced my sexual gratification. Thrust, squeeze and squirt were the only reality that existed for me.

After what seamed like for ever, my senses returned. I lay on my back, crotch covered with sperm and cunt cream, with my manhood slowly deflating within Midnite's flooded canal. Midnite still straddled my hips, but she was not moving.

With a smile of contentment, Midnite whispered, "That was fantastic. I'm satiated, at least for awhile. I'm so tired I can barely keep from falling asleep atop you."

Rolling off me onto the mattress, Midnite was asleep in a couple of minutes. It had been a long day and like Midnite I was exhausted. I did not even have the energy to wipe my crotch clean. I could not even rouse myself enough to turn off the light. Pulling the sheet over me, I was asleep before I knew it.

Slowly I swam up through the layers of consciousness, as I gradually came awake. As the fuzziness left me, I could feel a mouth sucking on my penis and fingers tickling my balls. Midnite, the insatiable nymphomaniac must be feeling horny again. Opening my eyes I could not believe what I saw.

Lying between my legs, red lips surrounding my stiffening cock, was a fair skinned, auburn haired woman. Where the hell was Midnite? Glancing around, I saw her sound asleep on the far side of the bed. Who was this white woman? Where did she come from? I thought I was the only white person in the area. I knew I should wake Midnite, so I could find out what was going on, but something seamed to be holding me back. I just wanted to lay back; enjoying the pleasant sensations the mouth and tongue were giving my erect penis.

Staring at the woman as she sucked my cock, I could see she had large breasts, covered by a white chemise of some transparent material. The paleness of her face and hands looked ghostly, but no ghost could give head like this woman. She might be able to give Midnite some pointers, I callously thought.

Her cold blue eyes stared at me, as her head bobbed up and down my thick shaft. . The bobbing head and sucking mouth were rapidly working me to an orgasm. The way she let her tongue flutter along my shaft and over the head was incredible.

Wanting to control her tempo, I moved my hands to her head. If I entwined my fingers in her auburn tresses, I could force her mouth to swallow my entire length. Reaching for her hair, my fingers passed through her head with only a tingling sensation to indicate where the head should be. What the hell happened? Was I going crazy?

The shock caused me to start pumping my hot seed into the hungry mouth sucking on my penis. The apparition gulped down my sperm as quickly as I could blast it from my penis. As I watched, the pale complexion of the woman was slowly suffused by a rosy pink hue. Still not believing what had just happened, I again tried to entwine my fingers in the hair before me. This time I felt the auburn ringlets slide through my fingers. Did I just imagine my fingers going through the woman's head? Was the great blow job making me lose my reason? I quickly forgot the weird incident, as I lost myself in the pleasure her mouth was giving my cock.

By now the woman had completely drained my balls. When the woman had sucked and licked every drop of sperm from my flaccid penis, she let it slide from her mouth, turning her stare directly on me. With my mind in a turmoil, I could not escape the cold blue eyes framed by the auburn little girl curls. Slowly she rose to her knees, pulling the white transparent chemise over her head, throwing it to the floor. She was completely naked, as she knelt before me. Cupping her D cup breasts, the woman held them out, as if she was offering them to me. Still holding the breasts, she raised her leg, placing first one knee then the other, either side of my hips. With her legs spread, I could clearly see her cleft surrounded by a trimmed thatch of auburn hair. The sight of the large cream globes and the winking vagina was making my penis come to life. This lewd woman was driving me mad with lust.

Without saying a word, she lowered herself until my stiffening cock rested in the auburn thatched furrow between her thighs. Thrusting her hips, the woman slid her moist, slippery gash along my length, while her fingers pressed the shaft into the cleft. When my organ was slick with her juices, she lowered herself to the bed, spreading her legs and opening her arms to embrace me.

Getting to my knees, I crawled between her splayed legs. I could see Midnite laying on the edge of the bed, but I did not try to wake her or even wonder how she could remain asleep. I was too consumed by my need to bury my erection in the white woman's inviting slit.

When my knob touched the hair surrounding the mystery woman's vagina, she bucked her hips, sucking my shaft into her hot wet hole. This lusty wench could not wait for me to enter her. Rolling her hips up, she engulfed my entire length. My balls were resting against the crack of her ass, as my pelvic bone rubbed against her pubes. Wrapping her legs around my waist, the wanton pulled me hard against her crotch. With my waist firmly trapped by her strong legs, the woman drew her thighs up to her chest, giving me total access to her steaming snatch. Every time I slammed into her hungry cunt, she would squeeze the shaft with her vaginal muscles. This woman had incredible internal muscle control.

Her squeezing vagina and the frenzied abandon she brought to sex were bringing me to a climax faster than I wanted. I was trying to make the pleasure last as long as possible, while her goal seamed to be to make me empty my seed into her quickly. She was winning the test of wills. When her fingers found my nipples, she pinched, sending me into another orgasm.

Immediately a torrent of hot, sticky seed erupted from my penis. Her pulsating tunnel appeared to be drinking up my sperm, just like her hungry throat had. I could not shoot my cream fast enough to satisfy her insatiable appetite for man juice. Her vagina was milking sperm from me faster than I could discharge it. As I emptied the last dregs of my seed into her, I could see her complexion becoming rosier. My sperm appeared to be infusing her with life. This woman was hungry for cock cream.

Exhausted, I collapsed to the bed. This unknown woman had fucked me to two climaxes and she was ready for more. I was not going to be able to get it up again after the work out Midnite and this woman had given me. She would have to find another victim. I was falling asleep where I lay.

This nymphomaniac would not be satisfied. With my eyes closing, she climbed atop me, straddling my hips. Taking my limp manhood in her fingers, she tried to restore life to my dead penis. To my utter amazement she was succeeding. Slowly I was becoming erect. Within a few minutes I was rock hard. This woman was either extremely talented or she had some magic powers.

Taking the erect shaft in her hand, the woman placed the head at the mouth of her vagina. Flexing her hips, the woman made my cock vanish inside her pussy. In the blink of an eye my manhood was buried up to the balls in her hot, wet, sucking slit. With my erection firmly ensconced in her tightness, the stranger began to ride me.

Somewhere in the back of my mind, I knew I should wake Midnite and get her help, but she was sleeping soundly and I did not want to disturb her. I never questioned how she could sleep when so much was going on around her. Whenever I tried to concentrate on waking Midnite, my thoughts were drawn back to the pleasure I was receiving from the mystery woman. Unable to focus, I just lay back, enjoying the way the unknown woman's vaginal muscles were milking me to a third orgasm.

Continuing to ride my cock, the woman leaned forward, as if she were going to kiss me. That is when everything changed from a fantasy dream come true to a horrible nightmare.

Instead of inhaling the sweet, fragrant breath of a young woman, my nostrils were assaulted by the putrid odor of something rotting. Astonished by the foul smell, I could only stare into the face exuding the disgusting stench. As I stared the face began to change. The smooth creamy skin became leathery and wrinkled, while the thick, auburn ringlets became thin, stringy wisps of gray. The beautiful white teeth became blackened stumps. The only feature to remain unchanged was the cold, staring blue eyes. What a frightening transformation!

The next thing I knew I felt something hard, cold and sharp at my throat. The horrible specter was holding a very sharp knife against my throat. My fear was so intense, I was sure I would lose my erection, but the frightening creature's sucking slit kept me stiff. Her vagina was using every trick to milk my sperm from my balls. The creature acted as if it needed my life force.

As if the horrors I was experiencing were not enough the thing began to let out a cackling laugh that sent shivers along my spine. This was the first sound the repulsive creature had made. I wished it had remained silent.

After rasping out a few cackles the witch began to spray me with spittle as it said, "I'm going to butcher you! There will be blood all over the room! This black bitch beside you will get the blame for killing you!" Letting out a few more cackles, the witch spewed forth another venomous tirade saying, "These wanton black sluts stole my husband and son from me! They lured my husband from my bed to the slave cabins with their wanton lewd bodies. I had to kill him to keep him from soiling himself with those sluttish, black bitches' bodies. The filthy black whores then enticed my son from my bed with promises of delights only the spawn of Satan would think of. I had to kill my boy, so he would no longer pollute himself with the niggar trash. Some nights I would sneak down to the slave cabins and watch them rutting with their black whores. The disgusting sight was not fit for a white woman to see! I had to see, so I knew what I was protecting them from. It became my duty to protect white men from those nigger animals. I saw you and that black slut rutting like animals, so I knew I had to save you, like I saved my husband and son. "With a look of glee crossing her distorted face the witch hissed, "Get ready to die!"

With those words, the witch raised its arm, preparing to plunge the butcher knife into my chest. The grinding vagina increased its tempo, trying to suck my life juice from my tightening testicles before my life blood soaked the mattress. Fixing me with the most hateful gaze I ever saw or felt, I knew I was about to die. Being a coward at heart, I broke eye contact, squeezing my eyes shut, not wanting to see the knife enter my chest. Before the hideous crone could drive the blade between my ribs, it let out a piercing cry, sounding like fingernails on slate.
