 **Author's Note: This is a 2 part story. This is Part 1. Part 2 will be posted right after Mark of the Incubus Ch. 08.

*****

Miranda Love stumbled through the mist in her glittering green silk dress, wilted wild flowers caught in her dark locks, her heart pounding so hard she thought it would explode out of her chest. The adrenaline from her terror was all that was keeping her from collapsing. 

She knew that if she stopped then it would catch her... She heard it's purring growl and thought she smelled it's foul breath of rotten eggs and burning hair. Miranda could see up ahead the edge of the mist. She could see an asphalt road. She dared not look back. She thought if she did then she would be truly lost. 

Miranda felt the beast's hot breath on her heels. She made one last lunge before the creature could sink it's teeth into her. She fell hands and knees first out of the mist and into the road. Miranda crawled further away from the mist getting clear of it's smoky grasp. 

Finally she turned over and saw that the beast was gone. The echo of it's growls dissolving into the mist. Her blood sang with adrenaline. Her head rang with incoherent whispers. After she settled down, the adrenaline receded and the pain suddenly washed over her like a crashing wave. 

She looked down at the state of herself. A long glittering green silk dress that almost covered her nipples and cunt; fabric that was once pristine now smudged win dirt and moss. Her long black hair was damp from morning dew and sweat with wilted wild flowers caught in the tangles. 

Her white skin soiled by earth and sticky with blood. Her feet were bare and cut up from the run through the woods. Then she saw her skimmed knees and elbows blackened and red. She felt a searing pain on her right forearm. Miranda looked over to see it was a glowing symbol. A horned circle. 

Miranda hissed in pain from the mark that burned in her flesh. She sat on the asphalt as she heard dark whispers roar in her ears like radio static. She covered her ears to block it out but no use. Miranda looked up to see a pair of red eyes glowing malevolently in the mist. Panic rose in her chest. Terror came gasping up her throat, in cold, panting fear. 

Despite the pain Miranda managed to get to her feet then as fast as she was able made her way down the road. She had no idea where she was going but the further she was from the evil mist the better. 

***

Miranda was 23 years old. American. She had a thin waist she was proud of and full C-Cup breasts that she loved to show off with Victoria Secret bras. Her forest green eyes were always contemplative and calm. Always curious about the world around her especially the hidden world.

The last thing she remembered was camping with her friends... yesterday? Wait... what day was it?

Miranda walked along the road. The whispers becoming smaller turning into an irritating ringing in her ears. She had brushed some of the moss that covered her body. The sun was at high noon, drying her skin as she trudged along.

Every step was like walking on glass, pain surged through her legs to her skimmed knee caps into her weary thighs. The ringing was still making her thoughts fuzzy though the further she got from the forest and into the open country side the clearer things became.

She tried to remember where she had been. Where were her friends? 

Miranda started to remember: she was camping with her two college friends who were also into paranormal things. They all believed in ghosts and UFOs. Rick swore he saw Bigfoot on a camping trip when he was 7. 

Hayley had a ghost friend until she was 5 that she would play with in her room. Her parents grew concerned that their daughter was having an unhealthy obsession with the unreal but Hayley never grew out of her obsession with the unseen. 

Miranda? Sounds silly but Miranda believed in fairies. Her grandmother would tell her stories about them. She always said a human must never trust a fairy. They would take her away to serve them in their world where she would forget about everyone she loved. 

Fairies were world class deceivers her grandmother said. Iron would protect her. Miranda saw fairies in her grandmother's gardens. It was all coming back to her now...

Just 3 American college students on a monster hunt. There had been some strange happenings going on in Cornwall, England for the pagan festival of the summer solstice; Litha or Midsummer.

One night Miranda heard some strange noises coming from the forest. She saw lights and a mist. She heard strange voices similar to the ones she was hearing now. 

Then Miranda saw a silhouette that looked like a grown man walking into the mist. She didn't know what possessed her to follow him but before she knew it Miranda was half way into the mist following the man and the lights. 

Next thing was a blur then Miranda was stumbling through the fog and made it to the road. In the run her body was numb with fear but now that she had her time in the sun, her mind began to clear on some detail but nothing concrete about her time in the forest. 

Why was she wearing this dress? It was too revealing for her taste. She saw flashes. Flashes of bodies coming together creating intense sparks of lust and longing. Her body trembled with desire or alarm Miranda wasn't sure. Shaking Miranda from her lost reverie was a red rusted 1950's model pick up truck that drove up next to her. 

A man peered out the window and called to her, "Oiy, miss, what are you doin' out ere?" Miranda turned to see a graying wrinkled man with a cap on his head. His eyes widened at her sheer clothing. 

His sheep dog was in the passenger seat waking him from his gawking. It barked at Miranda as if she were a dangerous creature.

"Shut it, Saxon," the man ordered. The dog quieted down beginning to whine. "You'd think he'd seen a ghost. Ya lost, miss?" 

The man was perhaps in his late 50s with stunning blue eyes, still had all his hair, from what Miranda could tell since he had a brown golf cap on. He had swarthy skin, worn and beaten into leather from years of working in the sun. 

He had a kind smile. He got out of the truck, taking off his jacket then wrapping it around her shoulders to cover her. Miranda was thankful for this. 

"I think I am...," Miranda spoke in a daze and her vision blurred as she hugged the denim jacket around her. She checked and saw that she was crying. Crying from what? After her nipples and cunt were modestly covered it was then the man noticed Miranda's bloody knees, elbows, and feet. 

"Looks like you need some 'elp, Love," the old man said. "Climb in I'll get ya to the station. See if they can 'elp ya."

***

The local police gave Miranda some sweat pants and a hoodie along with a blanket to wrap herself in and some tea. She didn't want it but it was nice to have. She found that she wasn't hungry either even though they left her a ham and cheese sandwich. She felt tired though. 

They had a doctor patch her up. Now Miranda was on a cot in a jail cell of an English police station in Cornwall. As soon as she sat down she felt ice cold when she saw the date on the calendar hanging on the white washed wall said it was June 15th... 2017! That couldn't be right. Miranda was sure that the date was June 28, 2010... Right?

The memory of the forest and the mist was a blur. The only thing fresh in Miranda's mind was the fear. Cold terror gripped her in its icy embrace at the memory of running from that thing. That beast. 

She was sure it was a beast meant to catch her and bring her back somewhere. Somewhere she was trying to escape. That was the only thing she was sure of. Again Miranda saw flashes of erotic memories. She flushed.

Miranda heard low murmurs. Everything was heightened as if she had spent years underground without light or sound that now flooded her senses. Even in the peace of the jail cell Miranda could hear them all. She heard the police talking. Some about Midsummer's Eve, the bonfires, petty crimes, suspects chafing at their cuffs. 

A few men were in the cell next to her making kissing noises at her.

"Oiy, love," the man was in his mid 30s wearing a denim jacket, bloodshot eyes. Most likely a drunk. "Why not come over here and give us a kiss? We're kinda lonely over here."

Miranda said nothing just staring into her tea, mesmerized by the rising steam. 

"We don't get pretty birds like you in here," the man continued to pester her though he was getting irritated with Miranda's indifference. "Hey! You some kind of cabbage?"

"Don't need brains when you're as pretty as that," another man joined in the lewd heckling. He was slightly younger wearing a brown leather jacket. He had some handsome features but had the same blood shot eyes as his friend. 

That's when Miranda heard foot steps. They were heavy in their step. Weighted by some burden. 

The door opened and Miranda saw an older man standing there with grim features on his handsome face, late 30s, sandy blond hair with a few silver hairs. He didn't shave that day. His crystal blue eyes haunted by seeing too much of mankind's evil. Miranda suddenly felt calm in his presence. She didn't understand why. He was a stranger. But the voices stopped when he spoke.

"Hello, my name is Inspector Artemus Harper. You can call me Harper. Apparently you are in our system Miss Love," he said. His voice was rough like the rest of him but there was a gentleness in there, a pity. "You were reported missing by your friends Rick Atwater and Hayley Bennett 7 years ago..." 

He sat on a chair he brought in with him.

Miranda sat there on the cot leaning against the wall. Closing her eyes appreciating the silence. Then she said, "7 years..." It sounded unbelievable but Miranda could see Harper was an honest man. 

"I know this may be hard for you but can you remember anything about 7 years ago?" he asked gently. "Were you taken?"

"I'd take her," said Denim Jacket licking his lips.

Harper shot the man a warning glare then returned his attention to Miranda.

Miranda looked at Harper. Her green eyes rheumy with tears and glazed with amnesia. Her mind forgot but her body remembered. Now that she was relaxed there was a feeling of pleasure with pain. 

Shame and desire was like a hot ball in her throat. Certain memories flashed in her mind. A bed. Silk chords rapped around her wrists on a bed with downy pillows cradled in a large nest. Then a man... or not a man... Both?

"A man," Miranda whispered. Harper leaned in closer, his crystal blue eyes searching her face. 

"What man? Can you describe him?" Harper asked softly.

Miranda's mind was a jumble of memories and dreams. Lust, fear, passion, sorrow. They were all mixed together shooting a thrill of yearning through Miranda's clit. 

"Can't see his face...," Miranda shifted in her seat. "7 years you said?"

"That's right," Harper smiled. He held his hand up hovering over her knee waiting to see if she would flinch. She didn't. Harper touched her bandaged knee.

"We don't have to go through all of this right now," Harper assured. "Anyone specific you want us to call? Your friends?"

Miranda nodded silently, her haunting green eyes focused on Harper's weary handsome face. 

"Oiy, blue," Leather Jacket whistled. "Why don't you bugger off so we can have some private time with the American bird yeah?"

Harper offered Miranda his hand which she took.

"We're going to put you in one of the interrogation rooms," Harper said. "Keep you away from these brutes."

"Fuck off," Denim Jacket sneered. "Blues steal all the girls."

***

Miranda was settled in an interrogation room while Harper conferred with the local doctor. They did a routine check with a rape kit. A woman gone for 7 years then returned wearing some Renaissance fairy costume some would assume she had been kidnapped, held against her will then used for her kidnapper's sadistic pleasure then somehow escaped.

"Besides the brand some slight bruising but otherwise perfectly healthy," Dr. Bran deduced. "I would still like to do more tests."

"Rape?" Harper asked.

"Most likely," Bran nodded gravely. 

Miranda wasn't so sure. Some memories came back. The fear receding like a wave that crashed the sandy shore. So confusing. Her heart jittered and her insides quivered at some forgotten memory of fire that bloomed like a flower waking up her every nerve ending. 

She closed her eyes taking a deep breath trying to recall. She dreamed of a black cat-like creature staring at her with sharp red black slitted eyes. A man who's face she still couldn't conjure having his strong arms around her filling her with fire. 

"I can tell you one thing," Dr. Bran sighed. "He must have taken very good care of her. She's well fed. No sign of malnutrition. She was cleaned regularly. The clothes she's wearing seem brand new. Miss Love was quite pampered for a kidnap victim."

"He brands her like cattle, dresses her up," Harper pondered. "Maybe he assumes she won't run away, let's his guard down then she escapes."

"That's one brave girl," Bran admired. "I'll take the samples you gave me to my lab then call you if I have any more results."

"Thanks, doc," Harper nodded. 

Miranda suddenly heard the whispers again. They came roaring like thunder as the lights in the station flickered. Miranda heard a low growl, a cold worm of fear gnawed at her spine as she watched the fluorescent lights flicker sporadically. 

"Fucking lights," an officer commented. "Would it kill the precinct to spring for some good lights?"

She looked around to see a large black panther with red eyes prowling in the station. It was as big as a pony with it's haunches of black hair as black as a starless night. It's claws were sleek, sharp, they could tear apart flesh as Miranda would cut through paper with scissors. No one seemed to notice it. The growl sent vibrations through Miranda who stood up then ran into Harper.

"Whoa, easy," Harper tried to calm her but Miranda's once serene haunted green were now aflame with fright. "It's just some faulty wiring..."

"It's here!" Miranda cried. "Don't you see it?"

The giant panther stopped. Miranda held an iron grip on Inspector Harper who could do nothing but hold her close. Miranda felt her brand sear as if a hot iron was being freshly put on her skin at that very moment. Harper's calm blue eyes widened becoming alight with confusion. 

"Don't let it take me," Miranda pleaded. 

"It's alright," Harper caught Miranda's wrist to look at the horned circle brand. It glowed like a hot iron, the heat was real he was sure. Miranda suddenly wrenched herself free then ran straight for the holding cells. 

"Look who's back," Denim Jacket smirked. Miranda ignored him as she shut herself inside the cell with it's iron bars. The giant panther materialized outside the cell. Miranda was flat against the wall as the creature eyed her from outside. It growled. It tried to step closer but the bars glowed red seeming to burn the creature. 

"Go away!" Miranda cried. 

"You gone loopy, love?" Leather Jacket laughed. The creature disappeared. The lights stopped flickering. Harper rushed into the room only to find an hysterical Miranda Love huddled on the floor. He helped her up taking a look at her burning mark only to find that it was normal again. It didn't glow or burn hot. It was just scarred flesh.

"Don't let it get me," Miranda sobbed against Harper's chest. It was firm and warm. The sound of his heart beat was soothing.

"You're safe now," Harper wrapped his strong arms around the traumatized young woman. "You're alright. I won't let it get you." Whatever "it" was...

***

Miranda kept freaking out whenever Harper left the room. She was entirely shaken by whatever made the lights flicker. Perhaps her captor tortured her in that way. Whenever he came to her would make the lights flicker to scare her. 

Harper was familiar with such sickos in London. He hated the idea of someone being hurt by people like that. It was one of the reasons he became a cop but... sometimes the law got in the way of what needed to be done. That's how he ended up in Coventry. 

"I should really take her to the hospital," Dr. Bran insisted. 

"It's no trouble," Harper signed some forms. "It's just until her friends come pick her up."

"The girl's in love with you, Harper," one of the police men joked. "Pretty thing."

Harper had to admit it was true. Miss Miranda Love was a beautiful young woman. Harper wasn't the type to take advantage of a woman who's been through a trauma. He was going to make sure she was safe. Where was it safer than in his house.

***

Miranda relaxed a little more as they drove away from the station. She didn't speak and Harper didn't press her for an explanation. What could he ask? What did you see? Why was that brand glowing? Perhaps the lab will come back positive for hallucinogenics. 

They arrived at Harper's house shortly after the sun went down. Harper didn't have any girl clothes. He'll get her some tomorrow. Miranda took in the quaint cottage-like house. 

"You live by yourself?" Miranda asked after a silent drive. 

"Pretty much," Harper said. "It was my aunt's until she died and left it to me."

The house was a quaint little cottage outside of town. There was a farm next door and the forest was a spiky silhouette against the horizon. The dark woods were illuminated by bonfires. People celebrating Litha. Miranda gulped but calmed once inside the house.

The house reminded Miranda of Christmas cards in her grandmother's house in Portland, Washington. She lived in a picturesque house that Red Riding Hood's grandmother must have lived in. 

They walked in and Harper locked the door behind them. Miranda wandered into the hall way taking in her surroundings with curious wonder. Her eyes were like a forest, green and dark with secrets. They filled with intent curiosity at the family photos of Harper and his family.

He had an older sister in London. His father died when he was 12 and his mother now loved in a nursing home suffering from dementia in London. 

"You have a nice house," Miranda commented. She made her way towards the fire place. It was small, brown brick. Witches could use it to hang a cauldron and cook their magic potions. Miranda noticed some iron pokers beside the fireplace next to logs of cut wood.

"You can shower if you like," Harper said. "I'll make up the guest room for you." When he went up stairs Miranda took an iron poker then went upstairs keeping it hidden as well as she could.

***

The shower was just what she needed. It was warm, familiar and comforting like a kiss from a long lost lover. Miranda wrapped herself in the warm fuzzy red towel. Harper laid out one of his nice dress shirts for her on the bed. 

He didn't notice the iron poker thankfully. Miranda didn't know how to explain it to him without sounding crazy. She left it in the closet right next to the guest room. She'd retrieve it once he left.

"Don't have any girl clothes, sorry," Harper shrugged sheepishly making Miranda smile. It was the first time she's smiled since tripping out of that forest. 

"I don't mind," Miranda said. "You've done so much already."

They stood there for a while. Seeing her in only a towel, her dark hair wet, plastered to her alabaster skin. Her lips were a deep rouge from being chapped. Her green forest eyes honest full of so much of what she wanted to say but didn't have the courage to say out loud.

Harper cleared his throat, trying to make the inappropriate thoughts go away. 

"If you need anything I'm just down the hall." Then Harper quickly went past her. He caught a whiff of the cheap soap he used. It smelled better on her. He was silently cursing himself that he didn't have any flowery soaps. 

*** 
