 After a failed search with a tipsy friend that kept mumbling about werewolves, Debra's patience had worn thin. As far as she could tell Bobby was long gone and had most likely chickened out after having seen some of the oddities that some of the rooms contained. The house was lavishly decorated though the contents of the décor she found to be most unsavory. The Green House was very shadowy on the inside decorated with darkly gothic colors and sinister ornamentation. In most of the rooms where human skulls with candles melting on them and in one of the rooms was an actual guillotine. 

It wasn't like bobby to just leave them without so much as a text. To make matters worse if he had actually left he would have taken his car with him. It was possible that he was waiting for them in the car; but if that was the case why hadn't he attempted to reach them by phone? He had better be waiting in the car with a dead cell phone, thought Debra angrily. 

Debra had started to feel drained and it was a bit of a struggle to keep focused for very long. She was starting to exhibit signs of mental fatigue and felt sedated by something that the house was giving off. She didn't know what was causing this but she did recognize that and knew they needed to get out of the house fast. Marcy on the other hand seemed unnaturally complacent in confines of the morbid houses surroundings. 

"We are leaving now?" asked Marcy absent mindedly as they walked back to the first room that they had come in from the ladder from.

Debra forced herself to focus and said with an irritated air about her, "Yes, Bobby is obviously not here and I'm sick of this place."

As they made their way back into the first room sudden panic started to spread into Debra's mind. The window that they had come in from had bars that had not been there before. 

"What, no!" Debra exclaimed running to the window to investigate the new dilemma. The bars had come from the top of the window sill or bottom and had obviously been built to keep people out Debra decided. 

Marcy spoke up sleepily, "I guess we are stuck here for the night, I bet the bars go away in the morning."

"That's just fucking great Marcy!" Debra exclaimed her eyes growing wide with anger. "I'm sick to death with your stupid ideas and all of your trouble!" 

Marcy watched her vacantly with a tinge of guilt creeping into her conscious mind. Marcy smiled calmly, "Look I'm sure the front door works." 

Debra glared at her, "Then the locals see us walking out the front door after obviously breaking and entering? I said from the start that this was a bad idea..."

***

The dreamy eyed beauty and her new lover were curled up together in each other's arms. Time was passing slowly for them as they lay under a blanket, snuggling on a bean bag together. Mallory buried her head into Bobby's neck as she was snuggling in his lap. Bobby stroked her thick wavy hair affectionately loving the feel of her soft sensuous lips as they kissed the nape of his neck possessively. 

The moon would soon be rising, and they would soon be forced to change. Bobby was going to learn soon what he had become a part of, and what it really meant to be Mallory's life mate. Mallory had infected him with her bite, and the curse had spread fast in his young body. He was one with Mallory now, and he belonged to Rainfall Hills as her man. Bobby was abandoning everything for her, and this meant a lot, but she was all that mattered to him now. Since having seduced and infecting him, Mallory had become his every reason for being. Bobby hadn't lost his ability to think freely, but in his mind he knew that he was helpless to Mallory's love. He now existed for her and her only; everything else came last. 

"Bobby, you are mine now," Mallory spoke in a pacifyingly affectionate voice full of love and compassion, "and I am yours." 

Bobby made an affectionate whine as he pulled her tightly into a very warm hug. Mallory moaned softly with the deepest of love, taking in his lavish affections hungrily. She loved the tender love that her new mate had so quickly become enthralled with, and was overwhelmed to have that love again, so soon. Bobby and Mallory's love only grew with increasing power as they continued to soak in each other's affections. To the new couple they were all that mattered in the world now. The very thought of ever leaving each other's company for even an instant would hurt them both enough to bring a deep sadness. They were fast addicted to each other's love and it was something that could never be broken now. 

Bobby was still in the thrall of her spell and was helpless but to love her, though it would soon become permanent after his first change. Mallory on the other hand didn't need anything to need this every bit as much as Bobby now did. Her previous life mate had been killed by some religious quacks that had figured out about his curse. Mallory was the epitome of the broken hearted widow, in the desperate need of love and affection. 

***

Mallory and her husband Jacob had been sweethearts ever since grade school. They had loved each other very intimately and were in each other's arms more often than not. She was utterly devastated about losing him, and had nearly broken when it had happened. The love that they had for each other could never be sated, and they both required many long hours together each day. Mallory was heartbroken, and an emotional mess, looking for anything that could help her with the suffering that she was enduring. 

Almost immediately she had sought help from one of her friends in the community. It was Lady Anne Krupp that she had gone to. Lady Anne being a woman with very powerful psychic abilities, had looked deeply into her future. After consulting the spirits Lady Anne had discovered some interesting possible developments. She had discovered and told her that she could have a new mate almost immediately. Mallory had not thought about the idea of taking a new mate, and was a bit hesitant at the idea so soon after Jakes death. Lady Anne then assured her that her new mate would love her unconditionally. She assured Mallory that he would love her with the purest and most affectionate love that she would ever know, and that they would always be in the highest spirits together. 

Mallory was a very gentle hearted woman, and desperately needed such affections. In truth despite being a werewolf, she was really a woman with one of the gentlest of souls. Mallory was tender to anyone that had the pleasure to interact with her, and was seldom known to ever have a mean bone in her soft little dainty body. So when Lady Anne told her about Bobby Reed, and the new wonderful love that they would have for each other, she soon found herself obsessing over him. Once the conditions were described about what must take place when he was to stumble into her life, she was only too eager to accept them. 

***

Mallory lifted her head from his neck and kissed Bobby's lips gently with much passion and affection. Bobby returned her kiss devouring her mouth with the hunger of the wolf he was about to become. As he fed deeply upon her sumptuous full lips, she melted right into him wrapping her legs around his back. Bobby's sex stirred immediately, and he tucked his legs under Mallory's as she quickly positioned herself for his throbbing member. 

Mallory said to Bobby with burning desire, "Tell me you want to do to me Bobby."

Bobby was very inexperienced with romance so he stumbled upon what to say. "I want to make love to you again," he uttered with very little finesse or confidence.

Mallory looked into his eyes with all the guidance of a teacher training a child something new, and foreign on his first day of school. "No baby. You have to tell me like you really want it... tell me baby... with carnal desire. You are my life mate now, and I need to know that you are sincere about it," she said looking into him with her deep reassuring green eyes. "Now tell me again... tell me what you really want to do to me," She said with a hint of lust in her voice. 

Bobby smiled wolfishly and looked thoughtful for a moment. "I want to fuck you" he said boldly. He let out a little growl looking back into Malloy's gentle green eyes with carnal desire. 

Mallory's eyes suddenly widened with fear and desire, as her pussy started to tingle. "Yes like that baby... tell me what you are going to do to my pussy, make me afraid, there is a darkness about you, I like it," she said with burning desire.

Bobby suddenly found his inner wolf and let it do the talking for him. "I'm going to tear your little pussy apart! Your pussy is going to know that my cock is the only one for it! You're mine now and so's that pussy, I'm going to do whatever I want to it," said Bobby as he went into heat. 

"Are you going to make me scream with your cock?" she said, as her eyes grew wide with anticipation, yearning for what she knew was to come. "Are you going to break me with it, so that I'll never stop thinking about it?" she asked almost afraid of the answer.

Bobby put his hands on her hips and looked into her eyes hard with carnal desire just riddled into him. "I'm going to fuck you so hard that you're going to have tears streaming down your face when I get done with you," he said very possessively as his lust took him over. 

Then he pulled her down savagely upon his throbbing member, impaling her to the hilt. Mallory yelped as he pushed himself all the way in, pressing hard against her ovaries up against her stomach. She could feel his large member pushing deeply inside her in the pit of her stomach. Mallory wrapped her arms around him and buried her face into the side of neck as she started sobbing quietly to herself making sure he didn't hear. She wanted to be owned by him, and was going to let him have his way, she thought as she dug her nails into his back. He was so large though, and he was too big to fit all the way in without making it hurt. Still, she resigned herself to him as tears started to trail down her face from the harshness of his first thrust. 

Bobby kept his hands on her hips and pulled her up and brought her back down on his large member. Mallory gasped as she felt an intense hot flash spread through her body as she tried to give him what he wanted. He brought her up again but this time did not pause and continued forcing her back up and down upon his shaft continuously bruising up against her already swollen womb. She clawed his back harshly, and let out an audible sob as he marked his territory inside her. Bobby heard her sob, as he sheathed himself into her tight womb and froze.

Bobby was started suddenly and said, "Wait, what? Mallory?"

"It's too much baby... it hurts," said Mallory between sobs with a shaky voice that had nothing but love for him, "But I'll let you... if you must..."

Suddenly Bobby realized he had gotten too carried away, and pulled out a little and brought her head with his hands to his face. When Mallory saw the face that looked back at her, she saw a face full of remorse and hurt. "I'm sorry," Bobby said, "I got lost in the passion."

Mallory knew that Lady Anne's prediction had been correct about Bobby. He was a lamb that certainly would helplessly love her for the rest of his life. It was apparent that it hurt him every bit as much as it did her when she hurt. "It's ok baby. You are very young. I will teach you much. It's forever that I will love you Bobby, I know how much it hurts you to hurt me", she said as she got off him. 

Bobby said with the most sincere words that he had ever spoken in his life, "You are my everything Mallory Anderson." Then added, "My heart belongs to you now... only you... I am yours."

Mallory grabbed his head in her hands and lead with a very deep kiss, and Bobby just melted with affection for her as two tears of his own ran down his face. He knew then that he couldn't bear to live his life anymore without her. She pulled away after what seemed to be forever for the couple, as they melted into each other with endless love. 

"Come, my love. We are going to change soon, and I want us to be fucking bitch style as it happens," she said. "We'll finish it as wolves... and then it will be time to gobble up your two friends."

"Aren't they gone by now?" he asked, suddenly hoping he wouldn't have to do that to the two girls. 

Mallory squirmed as Bobby inched his way into the silken depths of her pussy making sure not to go too far this time, as not to hurt his love mate. As her labia squeezed upon his cock longingly, he started to thrust back and forth inside her. The feel of her silken depths were overwhelmingly stimulating to his throbbing penis and he knew he was going to fill her with his seed again soon. Mallory moaned with passion and said, "No, they are locked in the house. You are going to be hungry once we are done here... you will do this for me my love?"

Bobby didn't hesitate to say, "Without question, there is nothing I wouldn't do for now." Bobby was saddened to hear this, but his mind was already made up. He had to please his mate, everything else came second now.

***

Marcy and Debra found themselves with a bit of a dilemma. They were both lightheaded something that was coming out of the house and to make it worse they appeared to be locked in. They had deftly tried all the doors and windows in the house, and they all had turned up locked from the outside or barred. Debra was lightheaded on one hand, but on the other hand, Marcy was beyond spaced out. 

Debra knew that she alone was going to have to find a way out. She knew that whatever gas or substance was emitting from the house had, had a much heavier effect on Marcy than it did her for some reason. Marcy was following her around absent mindedly where ever they went at this point, and was of little help. 

Debra didn't know what was coming over them but it had a sedating effect. She didn't know if it could be fatal, and she knew they had to get out of the house fast. She had become quite frantic, and with a hammer she had found in hand, she had come to a single conclusion. They were going to have to break through a wall. They were going to break through a wall or door, and it had to be done fast!

"Marcy, we need to break down a wall or something," she said with urgency in her voice, "and we have to do it fast!"

Marcy turned to Debra with sleepy eyes, "Do we have to? Why don't we just find a blanket and get out of our cloths, and curl up on the couch together?" She smiled almost with a hint of mischief, "Someone's bound to find us eventually, it will be fun."

Debra looked at her incredulously hardly believing what she had just heard. "Marcy, why the hell would I... just what has gotten into you!?" she said aghast with a bit of repulsion. 

Marcy had a sleepy look as she smiled innocently at Debra. "If we are stuck here we might as well make the best of it... besides it's going to get cold and we'll need to be cuddled up together anyways... your body... my body... I think we should do..." Marcy trailed off absent mindedly. 

Debra was shocked! They were stuck in a stranger's house, they were coming down with something in the house, they had to get out fast, and here Marcy was propositioning her have a gay experience together on the couch!?

"Cut it out Marcy! Just what the hell is the matter with you!? Have you gone completely crazy!? Here we are stuck in a dangerous situation and you're thinking of sex!? With me!? We don't even know what it is that's sedating us in this house," she said. Then she paused for a moment and remembered that they were under the effects of some unknown substance, and that Marcy wasn't completely herself at the moment. Marcy stared at her almost vacantly after her rant and Debra suddenly felt bad about yelling.

"Marcy, I'm sorry," she said, "I'm gonna get you out of here." 

Quietly Debra picked up the hammer and proceeded bring it down against the thick wooden door. The door was made of strong wood and it was going to take some work, but she was making progress as the wood started to crack and peel off little by little. Then she found herself letting her anger get the better of her and proceeded to start wailing upon it with everything her little body could dish out!

***

The two lovers were in the throw of ecstasy. Bobby was thrusting into Mallory like a well oiled machine, and she was moaning at the end of his cock in rapture. Mallory was panting overwhelmed with sexual stimulation. Her Bobby was a fast learner and was sure to bring her pleasures that she had never known. During the course of their lives they were going to be in the bedroom a lot, she had decided. She was very pleased with her new love and was lucky to have him, she thought to herself.

Suddenly mid-thrust it happened. Bobby felt an overpowering will take him! His head felt fuzzy and his thoughts came hard for him. His body felt that it was not his own anymore and he succumbed to the dark power that claimed him. He looked down at his mate, and although knowing what was to happen, it still brought horror to him as she started to sprout fur all over her dainty little lusty body. Bobby tried to speak but quickly found that he didn't even have control to do even that. He had sprouted fur all over his body and imagined he must look exactly as Mallory now did. 

Mallory turned her face and howled/moaned in pleasure as Bobby felt himself helpless to stop fucking her. His body was taken over by some unknown force and it was not for him to control. More panic rose into his fading conscious mind as Mallory's face began to elongate and start to take the shape of a wolf's head. Her whole body began to take new shape, as her arms and legs became more tenuous and elongated. Bobby suddenly realized that his own limbs had changed as much themselves in perfect harmony with his new mates. To his surprise there wasn't any pain to it at all; however the feeling of not being in control of his own body was very unsettling. 

Suddenly he stopped thinking as a man altogether and his feral side took over. His body underwent the rest of the change with very little thought, the wolf having taken over. In moments the change was complete, he had become the wolf, and he had needs. He relentlessly thrust into his mate with furious abandon, the wolf having taken over completely. This was sex in the most primal form and it wasn't long before they both howled in one grand climax. They both let out a furiously passionate howl that sounded deep into the night, and echoed deafeningly though out the large house. 

The two wolves were spent and disengaged each other feeling a new hunger growing inside them. They needed to feed...

***

The howl they had just heard was an alarming one. Even Marcy had stirred in her sedated state and cringed at the sound of the ear shattering howl that had echoed throughout the house. Debra had become so alarmed that she had dropped her hammer in mid swing, and had quickly gathered it back up with the shakes. 

They had to get out of there... now!

Hey folks sorry this took so long. The next one should be out sooner, I had gotten side tracked with one of my other stories, "Cat Training" which didn't seem to do too well. Anyhow, thank you for being so patient, hoping you liked the second part to "A She-Wolf Takes a New Mate". 