 Pt. 2: Wilhelm

This story is dedicated to wilhelm jacob. :) Thanks for reading.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nearly a year has passed since I had first laid eyes on Tavon and made him into what he was today. His beautiful body lay softly pressed into mine as we slept, his arm encircling my waist. He was still and silent, but I could see the horrible dreams that haunted him. "Serves him right," I thought. After all he had done, nightmares were sure to be part of his sleep for some time.

***************************

Tavon was horrific. Whereas I was human struggling to overcome my monstrous self, Tavon embraced the monster within, and abandoned his human half. Yes, I killed, I even enjoyed killing. However, I had never killed beyond what was necessary. My human heart still struggled to beat.

Tavon and I had left Chicago soon after I had made him. There were too many prying eyes. We had wandered over the state border to Wisconsin and settled in Milwaukee for several months. Soon the word was out: There was a serial killer in town. We were talked about, likened to Jeffery Dahmer even. The police and the media were on high alert. I was on high alert. Tavon was not. 

One evening, he let his prey escape him. Not because he did not have the strength to match, but for "fun". Or so he said. The next evening the man was all over the news stations, swearing up and down that the serial killers were not human. That they were vampires. He described Tavon perfectly; soft brown eyes that shone with evil intent, light brown skin that was colder than ice. His description of me was not as good. The media poked fun at him and he was teased mercilessly on several local daytime talk shows that I happened to tape. However, the police took his descriptions to heart; our faces were plastered on the news, warning everyone to be on the lookout for us.

I was more than upset. I flew into a rage at Tavon, nearly killing him. But then I remembered that I loved him, his pleading eyes as I drank from him only reinforcing the fact. I shuddered at how close I had come to drowning my beloved in the abyss of death. It was my fault after all; he had not learned properly I felt. 

And so we left America, rapidly making the journey south of the border to Mexico. Here, I thought, we would not be noticed nor hunted. Crime ran rampant all around us, and we were just two more killers added to the list of millions. I resolved to teach Tavon that while killing was something that was natural to our kind, it must be done as to not reveal ourselves, lest we become the hunted. 

We stayed in a village just outside of Mexico City. It was small and peaceful. Crime was not as bad here, and we even made "friends" with some of the villagers. After returning from a night of feasting in Mexico City, we sometimes had guests in our home until late in the night. It was the best time of my unlife. At last, I did not feel alone, and I began to feel as if this was where we could finally settle down and make our home. 

But it was not to be, and I did not see it until it was too late. Tavon became obsessed with the daughter of a local merchant. She was a beauty, but I warned him repeatedly not to bother her. I did not want our secret to leak out in this place of overwhelming peace and beauty. But Tavon was unwaverable in his plans. He revealed himself to her, asking her to be with him and I for all eternity. She reacted as any mortal would: screaming loudly and running away from him, but not before spitting in his face and telling him, "I could never love a monster." 

And with those words, his fury was unleashed. Before I could stop him, half the villagers in the small town were cold, their souls fluttering away. He killed quickly and ferociously, not even stopping to drink the lifeblood of his victims. Soon, the town was silent. The ground was littered with the bodies of the dead, their blood soaked into the dirt. Our "friends" lives had been snuffed out as easily as a candle. I was furious.

"You have endangered us, and all our kind," I seethed as he sat atop the roof of the highest building, admiring his handiwork. Only then was he frightened, only then did he begin to realize the consequences of his actions. "You are not fit to be mine; you are not fit to live!" The only thing keeping me from killing him was my overly soft heart, wherein resided the love I still harbored for him. 

"A tide of death this large will surely be sensed by the others of our kind, Tavon." I looked at him sadly. "The retribution will come, and I will not assist you. Walk in the sunlight," I told him. "Walk in the sunlight and die, as that will surely be more pleasant than what the others of our kind will do to you for nearly revealing our secret." With that I left him, still sitting on that rooftop. I felt a certain responsibility at his undoing, but I did not wish to put myself in harm's way. 

I traveled across the ocean, to Spain, my beloved home, and settled just outside of Madrid. I kept to myself, disturbing nothing and no one. I no longer killed my prey; I drank from several people a night to fill my hunger. I dare not risk exposure again, especially in my childhood home of which I was so fond. I cloaked myself from Tavon, and though I knew that he still lived, I did not know where or what he was doing. My heart was wrenched in two, knowing that there would never be another for me.

The days turned to weeks, and weeks turned to months, as I continued my lonely existence. I rarely left the house I lived in other than to feed. I longed to end it all. But I was not a brave woman. If I ended my unlife, what would become of me? I was surely bound for hell, a notion that ensured I continued my wretched existence, at least for the time being. 

Almost eleven months had passed since I had forced Tavon to join me, and three since I had left him. I made the decision to let myself pass into a deathlike sleep. It was the night that I was going to bury myself in the Spanish earth, but something stopped me. 

That evening as I hurried around, making last minute preparations for my "death", there was a sudden knock at the door. The knock was surprising as I had never had company at this house, and did not know anyone in the town. Upon opening the door, I laid eyes on the second most handsome mortal that I have seen to date, Tavon being the first. His luminous blue-green eyes stared up into my green ones with curiosity. He should have been afraid, but he was not. "I am Wilhelm," he said simply in an accent stemming from the American South. Those words uttered he bent his neck to me, a ripe offering of blood. 

The scent of blood rose on the warm summer air and I hissed, backing away from the door. "Why are you here?" I groaned as he stepped ever closer to me, his neck still bent, his veins pulsing with the lifeblood that he offered me so freely. 

"I want to be yours," he stated. This must surely be some sort of trick, for why would a man I had never met come to my house and tell me he wanted to be mine? I stopped dead in my tracks and trained my eyes on him. His short blond hair stood in spikes and smooth, flawless, white skin only accentuated his beautiful eyes and cupid's bow of a mouth. 

"Stand straight," I commanded him, for the flow of the blood in his tender throat was nothing but a tease, a taunt that appealed to my inner monster. It was then that I noticed the bite marks on the opposite side of his neck, and with that, I scented past his blood, down to his clothing and skin. Tavon. 

I reeled with the knowledge that he had found me. I had cloaked myself from him, providing no clue as to where I was, so how was it then that he knew? "Where is he?" I inquired of the mortal before me, who now stood trembling slightly. 

"Where is who?" he asked, but the fear had already crossed his face. He was merely a pawn in this game that Tavon had decided to play with me, even though I did not know what he hoped to gain. In a bound, I was upon him, my fingers pressing hard into his face. "Where is Tavon?" I raged. "I know you did not find me by yourself, and I smell him on you." Wilhelm cried out and I released him from my grip, letting him fall back to the floor.

"He said you would know," Wilhelm stuttered and his grandiose speech made me smile. "He said to tell you that he is truly sorry. He begs that you allow him to be with you again. I am his present for you. He said you would like me." 

Ah, so Tavon was trying to please me with this mortal. He knew me better than I thought. "And you would be my slave?" I said softly. 

Wilhelm nodded. "I am already his, and I would be yours if you'd have me." 

I looked closely at the handsome man before me, who had lost his fear and now stood before me erect and proud, as if stating that he was surely good enough for me. I smiled. "You do not know what you ask, Wilhelm. But go, and tell your master to come to me. We will discuss things then." He slowly backed out of the door, nodding, and then turned to run into the night.

Closing the door behind him, I sighed and then went to sink into my favorite chair. Tavon definitely knew the right buttons to push. My thoughts returned to all of his shananigans of the past. Dare I hope that he would change, that he would beat his monstrous half into submission? It seemed too much to hope for. 

Tavon and Wilhelm must have flown with the speed of our kind, for less than half hour later, there was another knock on my door. I opened it and the first glimpse of my lover was enough to take the breath out of me. Tavon was absolutely radiant as he stood behind Wilhelm; his skin gleamed like highly polished mahogany. He was dressed sharply, beautifully accentuating the strong, clean lines of his body. He was magnificent.

"Good evening, mistress," he greeted me, as I stepped back, allowing them to pass. His eyes lingered on me and he took my hand, raising it to his lips for a light kiss. I said nothing, and they stood in the entranceway like children, waiting for their turn to speak. 

I crossed the room in three long strides, sinking once again into my chair and motioning for them to sit on the sofa. Then I clasped my hands and surveyed Tavon with cold eyes, wondering if he was to be trusted.

"Please don't be angry with me," he said softly, breaking the silence. "I understand the error of my ways now, Aurelia. Please don't turn away from me." He bowed his head and Wilhelm looked concernedly at him. I, however, would not be taken in by his charms so quickly. Though I could sense his sorrow, and read on his thoughts clearly that he abhorred life without me, I did not want him to think he would be getting off that easily.

I looked now at Wilhelm and tried to sense just what relationship was going on between the two of them. Tavon had never expressed an interest in men, so it would have surprised me if they had been lovers. A quick stroll through Wilhelm's mind revealed two things to me: that he was fascinated with vampires, and that they were not lovers. 

Tavon could not bear the silence. I knew he thought that I would turn him away, that he would never again be welcomed in my life. "I've brought you this present," he said feebly, motioning to Wilhelm. The mortal looked at me eagerly. "He wants to serve you, just as much as I do." 

At this, I grinned wickedly. "If he is my present," I hissed. "Then why did you not wait to sink your fangs into him? You have brought me a flawed gift, Tavon. Can you do no better?" 

He was off the couch with a grimace, pulling Wilhelm to his feet and trying to escape out the door. I was merely playing, but I had cloaked my mind so well that Tavon could not tell what I was thinking. I moved with preternatural speed, blocking their route and Tavon stopped dead in his tracks. "Leave him with me," I ordered him. "I will return him to you shortly, along with my decision."

I stepped away from the door and Tavon made his escape, hissing not with anger, but with pure fear. Wilhelm looked just as frightened until I stepped closer to him, letting my hands trail over his warm mortal body. "Do not be frightened, my sweet," I cooed softly. At my words, he immediately showed signs of relaxation and looked up into my eyes hopefully. "So, you wish to become one of us, a vampire?" He said nothing, but nodded, his intense blue-green eyes looking directly into mine. "And you know the prices that will be paid, the sacrifices you will make?" Again, he nodded. I clasped his warm hand in my own icy grasp and pulled him gently towards the sofa. 

His mind was mine to read, and I viewed the memories, which floated about the surface. His life, he thought, was no longer worth living, and to live as a vampire would be the answer to all his problems. Naive. One quickly learns that vampiric life is not without its problems, its mortal fears. But he was on a quest for a new life, and who was I to stop him? 

"You said you would be my slave," I said gently. "Then show me. How will you pleasure me?" He looked at me hesitantly for a moment, and I reclined myself on the sofa, opening myself to him. It was all the encouragement he needed. His big hands slid up my bare calves, the whiteness of his flesh contrasting beautifully with the darkness of my own. He leaned over me, all the while looking at my face to make sure he was welcome to touch me. Upon seeing my encouraging smile, he plunged his hand up my dress, caressing my thigh, and coming ever so close to my freshly moistened sex. 

He moved to the floor, kneeling over me as his hand reached my mound and I heard him breathe in deeply at the heat flowing from that spot. I began to shudder with the anticipation of his actions. His eyes closed as he began to stroke my hardened clit ever so softly, the other hand reaching blindly for my breast. "Yes, my sweet," I moaned. He tugged at the top of my dress, straining to pull my breasts free from their entrapment. With inhuman strength, I ripped the fabric from my body, letting it fall away to the sides, and this action drew a sharp breath from Wilhelm.

"So beautiful," he breathed. He resumed his position on the couch, bending his head downward towards my glistening hairs and buried his nose in my mound. He was as an animal possessed as he lapped and pulled gently at my hardened nub of flesh, drawing sharp moans of pleasure and pain from me. It had been three months since I had been with Tavon last, and the renewed contact inflamed my senses, pushing me closer and closer to the brink of the orgasmic abyss. 

"Please," he groaned. "Let me fuck you. Call me your own." In a flash, we were on the floor, and he struggled to remove his clothing while still maintaining contact with me. The skin beneath his shirt was flawless, gleaming like diamonds and I had to concentrate to repress the urge to slice his unmarred skin to ribbons. He was perfection wrapped in a mortal body, and as he slid his pants down his broad hips, it only got better. Nine inches of thick, hard, pulsating meat sprung from between his legs, and the sight of it only spurred my wetness further. His eyes locked on mine in a questioning look, and I nodded my head to him. 

His hands positioned themselves on either side of me and he pressed that huge shaft against my body briefly, bringing his mouth to my hardened nipples to suckle. The pressure between my legs was building, as mortal blood from earlier in the evening rushed through my veins. The tip of him pressed hard against my throbbing clit, making me writhe, my hips bucking up to meet him. 

I fought hard to keep shields up around my mind and also that of Wilhelm's. I did not want Tavon to know that I had accepted his gift, not yet. The pure ecstasy made it difficult to concentrate on anything besides what I was feeling. Wilhelm's tongue was fire as it circled my nipples, burning at my flesh and making me cry out for more. The feel of bare skin against bare skin chased me to the edge of that utopia which my body craved. 

"Do it now!" I shouted at him, no longer able to bear the torturous length of him pressed against, but not in me. He acquiesced to my request, and began to drive himself slowly and surely into my saturated sex. My long, perfectly manicured nails dug deeply into his flesh as he entered, making him gasp in pain. The wounded look on his face was quickly replaced with one of complete joy as he thrust harder and harder into me. Perhaps Tavon had told him that I liked it rough, for he made no hesitation to impale me on his full length time and time again. Our animal moans filled the large, empty dining room.

Harder and harder, faster and faster; the delicious smack of skin on skin filled the room as his twins slammed into my ass and his hips dug into my thighs. I could no longer think, no longer concentrate, and I knew that the shields were gone, and Tavon would know. I did not care. I was lost in the wave of orgasm that flowed over me, knocking me senseless and sucking up my breath. He brought me screaming underneath him as the tidal wave crested, and I heard nothing but the rush of blood past my ears. I felt him explode deep inside me and collapse his body on top of mine. The blood pumping furiously through his veins seduced me and I sank my teeth into that tender white flesh, opposite of where Tavon had left his mark. 

If he struggled or cried out, I did not notice. The human was gone; the monster was draining him dry. But no, I returned to myself, just as his heart began to flutter weakly. My breathing shallow, I pushed him from me. Looking down at his now pale form crumpled on the carpet, I slit my wrist with my nails and offered it to him. "Drink and live then, Wilhelm. Be of our kind." His eyes were closed, but as I pushed my wrist against his mouth, he latched on, as a baby latches to a breast, and began to suckle. When he had enough, I pulled away from him and watched the mortal body die, to be replaced with a new unlife.

The first few moments of dying and then being reborn were torturous for him, as they had been for Tavon before him, and further in the past, me. He gasped and trembled, his eyes closed all the while. And then, just as quickly as it had begun, it was over. He opened his eyes, which were no longer blue-green, but a brilliant jade green. He looked at me in awe, speechless at the newness of the feelings rushing through him. If it was everything he had expected, I did not know, but his excitement thrilled sharply in the air as he found his voice. "That was amazing!" he said happily, uttering the words as if he were a little child. I smiled indulgently at him and told him to dress himself. 

"We have company," I announced. Tavon was standing just beyond the front door. I flew to the door with celerity, still naked and still dripping sex, and opened it, curious to see how my lover would react to this situation. He stood there trembling, speechless, and I noticed a growing stain on the front of his pants. 

"I felt it," he whispered hoarsely. "I felt it when he brought you, just as if I were in your body." I laughed at him as I stepped back to allow him to pass.

"Yes, love. We are connected. An orgasm that strong was sure to have been felt, and any future ones you will feel as strongly as if you were in my body. My blood still rushes through your body, fused to your internal organs. Even your heart that beats in unlife is imbued in my blood. Our bodies are mated together as one for as long as we both shall live, and neither you nor your little gift to me will ever fully escape me." I made sure Wilhelm heard my words. "Nor I the both of you." 

I could tell his mind was struggling to wrap around this concept, as was my newest fledgling's. I smirked. Women are much more able to understand the commitment and sacrifices of eternal love, whereas the notion puzzles most men. 

"But your own Master then," he began, lifting his eyebrows slightly. "I've never once heard you speak of him. If you, as our Maker, are an intrinsic part of our makeup as vampires, then why do I never sense thoughts or feelings about your own Master?"
