 The two girls stood stunned in silence. They had just heard a howl, unlike anything that had ever heard before in their lives! Marcy's conscious mind had returned to her in full, and she had suddenly become very much afraid. What could have possibly emanated that ungodly echoing roar; that had just resonated through the house? 

Debra was shaking with both fear and overexertion so she took off her jacket to cool off. She had a small tank top on underneath that modestly covered her small perky breasts. It had become all clingy with perspiration and the pink little nubs of her nipples had become visible through the fabric. She shivered both growing cold and afraid as a draft wafted through the air.

Marcy spoke shakily, "What in God's name was that?" She no longer had a sedated or glazed look about her. What had been left in its place was heightening fear of what currently could be in the house with her.

Debra didn't respond to Marcy. She instead started back to the door and again began pounding upon it. The adrenaline in her body gave her even more strength than before! She began ripping into it with a new found fury unlike any other she had felt. Marcy watched on, her eyes frequently darting back to Debra's progress and all the entrances to this room. 

This was the main room to the large house, and it was with high ceilings, and was heavily furnished. The room was lit only by a few candles within the room and this only added to the sense of paranoia that she felt. The fiery little flames made shadows dance around the room, causing movement in every small corner and crevice that they illuminated. This was causing Marcy to let her imagination get the better of her, as she became more and more panicked! She kept waiting for the originator of the horrifying sound that she had heard only moments before to appear in every shadow. Truly she hadn't felt this afraid since early childhood. 

***

The two wolves lay in wait as if exacting the perfect time to execute their attack. In the shadows of room they watched the two girls. One was beating away on their front door trying to make her way out in a desperate attempt to escape. The other glanced around the room nervously often looking directly at them, but was unable to spot them as they hid in the shadows of the room. 

Bobby's wolf was hungry and was eager to feed, but for some reason he dared not engage the girls. Even reasoning with only a wolf's mind, he knew he was supposed to hunt the girls as Mallory instructed. Still, for some reason, he watched on unable to do his mates will. Somehow this wasn't how he thought it would be and something felt out of place. Even thinking with the wolf's primal mind, he knew somehow this wasn't normal instinct. He recognized that even as a wolf just now, his will was not entirely his own and that something was restraining him and holding him back. 

Mallory looked at him from her hiding place. Her wolf looked into his wolf's eyes and again the he-wolf started to feel pacified, even as he did as a man from those deep brown eyes. Silently they watched as the ever unwearied and hungry predators of the night.

***

The furious assault on the door turned into nothing short of a frenzy, as Debra became very enamored in her work. There were splintery sounds as the door started to give way under the heavy duress of Debra's hammering. Her hard work had finally paid off, and the door started to fall apart more, and more. With every swing of her hammer the door seemed to have less solidity and she could easily see through the many gaps and holes now in it. With a few more swings she tore through the shredded door and saw freedom at last! 

Debra turned to Marcy triumphantly, but then suddenly found herself with the fright of her life. What she saw were two large wolves advancing on Marcy, forcing her away from the door. They growled as they slowly stalked her back toward one of the hallways, leading back into the house! The two large beasts had somehow come between the two girls, and had managed to single Marcy out. Debra could hardly believe what she was seeing, as Marcy stumbled back slowly with a look of desperation in her eyes.

Marcy looked up to Debra and tried to speak, but a loud foreboding growl quickly silenced her. The two large beasts growled menacingly, as they advanced upon the helpless girl with hunger on their minds. There was no escape for her, and Marcy knew this. Marcy knew that she was at the mercy of the two predatory beasts. Marcy could barely move, and was almost paralyze to move any further as the wolves moved in on her. The wolves realized this and viciously forced her into action by aggressive snapping with their sharp canines. 

Marcy's body jerked back as if hit by an electric shock, as the wolves grew more aggressive. Debra was forced to watch on helplessly, as her doomed friend disappeared from sight into the halls of the house. The last thing she saw of Marcy was her looking into her eyes, pleadingly for help. The predators closed on their prey, leading her back further, and further into the house. There was no escape for Marcy, Debra realized as she watched the wolves disappear into the shadows of the hallway. 

Then suddenly Debra heard Marcy's screams, followed by the scrambling of canine claws on the hardwood floors! The sounds of howls, snarls, and terrorized human screams, resonated throughout the house in a haunting way that Debra would never forget. Certainly Debra knew she would be haunted by that sound in her dreams, and nightmares for the rest of her existence. 

The sounds of Marcy's last screams horrified Debra to no end. She soon found herself through that broken door, racing in the direction of Bobby's car. Her retreat suddenly came to an abrupt stop though. Before her was a small mob of people all holding torches blocking the path of her escape. 

This looked like something out of a movie she thought to herself in disbelief. There were more torches than she could count with a quick glance and they smothered the path back to the car. It was most unsettling being out here at night to begin with; let alone to have a friend get eaten and then see a possible lynch mob. They must be here for the wolves she thought to herself, though it brought her little relief. 

A woman who seemed to be leading them walked up forward to Debra. She donned an unforgiving face with an heir of authority. Her facial features were strikingly beautiful with piercing hazel eyes, jet black long hair, and a full set of womanly lips. Her stride was a prideful one with much confidence in it. Pointing directly at Debra she announced, "Death to the interloper!" She then smiled a seductively wicked grin at her, as the mob started slowly moving past her, towards Debra. 

Debra couldn't believe what had happened to her world. She had started her day like any other. With what had started as a dare from Marcy, had turned into the biggest nightmare of her life. This day had turned into something she could never have perceived possible, and wondered now if she would ever live to see another.

Slowly the mob started to move in on Debra, Jeering and cursing at her as they made their approach. One of the closer ones with a scar above his left eye brow shouted out, "I say we feed her to the wolves!"

That was all Debra needed to hear. She was running into the hills at full flight from the villagers, in a desperate attempt to get to safety. The villagers yelled sadistically and cursed at her as she ran for her life. She ran as fast as her legs would take her, and though never looking back, she could hear the voices getting fainter as she put some space between them. Obviously the villagers didn't need to move fast; they knew the hills better than she did and it was only a matter of time till they caught up to her. She cursed them for the game of cat and mouse; that they had set her up for. She could run into the hills but there was no end to them and they would eventually find her, she thought bitterly to herself. 

***

The woman in black had made her way into the large green house. She walked in the dwelling quite familiar with the place, knowing it well. Behind her walked a calmly blonde woman carrying a large sack with very tired eyes. She glanced at the pictures on one of the mantles that furnished the humble abode. Pictures of a happy couple that had recently been cut short were ever present in the old fashioned home. The darker woman smiled dryly, "In love again so soon are we... poor Jacob would never have approved, tut tut." 

Quickly she moved further into the house, till she found the two wolves exactly as she had puppeteererd it. The wolves stood in front of a terrified girl who had locked herself in a cage just big enough to fit a small person. Marcy was curled up into a fetal position trapped inside the cage trembling with shock. The dark woman smiled cruelly at Marcy and said, "You are going to wish I let the wolves have you... once you've been through what I have in store for you. Perhaps I should just let the wolves have you're succulent little body, would you like that little one?"

Marcy had locked herself in the cage in a desperate attempt to escape the wolves. She hadn't opened her eyes since she had gotten inside, terrified at her dreadful situation. She heard the voice, and her eyes sprung open immediately. The dark woman stood between the two wolves with both hands upon each of their heads, stroking them with doting affection. She trembled inside her cage with a knowing fear from this unknown woman.

"But my... you are trembling," the dark woman said. "Do not be afraid young one, you will make a wonderful little meal soon enough," She said silkily as if trying to assure Marcy that it would be something she should cherish. "Diane, I suppose it is time, let the wolves feed," she said with malice in her voice.

Marcy trembled, fearing for her life expecting the worst. It was all going to end right here with snarling, teeth, and claws, she thought with despair. She waited for Diane to open up the cage and let the wolves have their way with her. Fresh tears streaked her face knowing what was about to come. 

Diane then dumped out a large pile of raw meat, from the large sack she had carried in. The wolves quickly forgot their prey and immediately pounced upon the pile of meat, feeding their hungry mouths with the meal that was presented to them. It was only then that Bobby felt his mind was his own to control, feral or not. Something had been lifted from his wolf's mind and he was free to think on his own for the first time as a wolf he had realized. 

"You have done my will quite well, my watchers of the woods... you can have each other for the rest of the night," Elaine said seductively, knowing the night of sex that the two wolves would have together. "Come slave, our work here is done," said Elaine to Diane. 

***

Debra was running into a seemingly endless night, into the steep hills. The mob slowly followed behind her, as if only giving a half hearted chase. At first it had all been uphill, but after a good run she found herself about to start upon a decline. Suddenly as she stood at the top of the hill, she spotted a light in the distance. The light was faint but noticeable in the dark of the night and it was a long ways down the hill from where she stood. Debra wasn't a fool and knew that the light was more than likely more trouble; but any chance was better than the one she was facing with the angry towns folk that pursued her. 

Debra looked behind her and realized she had put a good distance between herself and her pursuers. As she looked back down at the torches that were slowly pursuing up the hill, she realized there was time for error. She started in a run to the faint light off in the distance realizing that if it turned out to be more trouble, she could likely explore other options. 

The light in the distance grew a bit brighter as Debra made her way towards it. She made good time and to her relief the torch lights hadn't made it to the top of the hill yet. As she made her way to the light, she realized that she was looking at a lone cabin in a clearing. 

The light came from a lantern that hung from the front eaves by the door to the cabin. Cautiously she approached it unsure of what may lie within. The old cabin looked solid and smoke rose from a chimney behind it. A lone cabin this far out was unusual to say the least. A thick smoke from the chimney gave it a fogish eerie kind of appearance, as the light from the lantern gave off a dimly lit yellow glow.

Debra had made up her mind to keep moving when she heard the howls off in the distance. She looked up the hill and in the light of the full moon were to be seen the two large wolves that had eaten Marcy. As if on queue, as soon as she had seen them they started running down the hill. They had to be a good mile away, but Debra knew she wouldn't get far with those two on her tail. 

Immediately Debra ran up to the door to the cabin only to find it locked. Panicked she really started pounding on it! Frantically she tried to get the attention of whoever was inside...trying to escape the fate the wolves held in store for her. Debra started yelling, "Please help me! Please let me in!"

Another set of howls broke the still of the night, this time closer! The torches finally started to come into view as they reached the top of the hill. This only adding further to her panic, she started to wail on the door of the old cabin horribly. "Please help!" she screamed horrified as the howls grew louder.

Suddenly there was a click as the door unlocked, and no sooner did Debra hear this, did she barge her way into old cabin. She collided into the soft body of a silkenly garbed woman, before grabbing the dead bolt locking the door shut behind her. 

"Ahem," the woman said looking at Debra, obviously waiting for an explanation. 

Debra looked at her before taking in her new surroundings. The woman was of a slightly thicker build, but wasn't at all unattractive. She had on a silver gown that covered just past her thick shapely thighs; and the top part was open in a large 'V'. She was showing off lots of cleavage with a very large set of soft creamy skinned breasts that looked to be double D at least. She had a very full set of lips complemented with large green eyes and a set of thick blonde hair that was almost silver in the luminescent light of the fire place. 

Debra started to stammer, "They chased me here! Two wolves and all these angry townsmen..." Suddenly as she looked into the silvery haired woman's set of apprehensive eyes, she realized how she must sound. "Look, I know it sounds crazy, but if you don't believe me then just look outside and see for yourself."

The woman spoke again with concern, "Look there is no easy way to say this... I know what is going on just now, and I'm afraid if you want to survive the night you are going to have to stay in with me till morning." 

Debra spoke alarmed, "You know about it... please tell me you are not part of it," she asked fearfully. 

"My name is Lady Anna Krupp, and I mean you no harm... Ms. Debra Varney," she said revealing that she obviously knew who she was. 

"How did you know my name!?" Debra said, suddenly very afraid. 

Just then, there came the sounds of heavy paws scratching on the thick wooden door of the cabin. Debra suddenly found herself frozen where she was and wasn't able to find her voice. Lady Anna's demeanor immediately changed to a less concerned one. She thinly smiled almost predatorily at Debra, meeting her scared eyes with all the prowess of a cat about to play with a mouse. 

As Debra stood unable to find her voice, Lady Anna started to speak with a tone of conclusiveness. She said, "Fear not, for neither Mallory nor Bobby can get inside just now." She paused for a moment as Debra stared at her wide eyed. "That's right. Your friend Bobby Reed allowed Mallory Anderson to seduce and infect him tonight."

Debra still wasn't able to comprehend what Lady Anna was trying to clarify to her. She spoke reluctantly, "Infect? Just what..."

Lady Anna spoke again with patience, "They are both werewolves and can never leave Rainfall Hills. Yes, your precious Bobby is bound even now I'm afraid... but fret not, for he no longer wishes to leave us anyway." 

Debra couldn't comprehend such a thing but was still very scared. She gazed on with the eyes of a scared prey as Lady Anna continued to speak. The scratching of the paws upon the door had ceased, leaving behind an eerie quiet. She had never felt so very alone before in her life. She found each fleeting moment sacred now; and wondered if Lady Anna would be that last living thing she would ever see. 

Matter of factly, Lady Anna then stated, "It is only fair, it was of course people from your own community that slew her late husband... in that alleged black powdered rifle accident. Your religious carrions from Pleasence County came here and killed one of our proud upstanding community members in cold blood. It was only fair that we took one of yours in return." 

Debra had begun to get sick of being afraid for one night, and felt rage start to take root where her fear once was. "What the Hell do you want!?" she yelled suddenly very agitated, "Enough bullshit, just tell me what the Hell you want!"

"Well, that is quite simple really, I want you Debra Varney," Then added, "and I tell you no lies, as that is for certain your Bobby outside that door."

Suddenly the sounds of paws upon the door started back up and wolfish growls were made outside. The predatory look on Lady Anna's face grew darker and more sinister. Debra's young girlish body started to shake a little as she took this in. Lady Anna started to walk towards her with a haughty look of arrogance. 

"Stop," Debra said futilely, as Lady Anna closed in on her. 

Lady Anna grabbed Debra's left wrist as she turned her around and twisted it behind Debra's back painfully. Debra gasped and her eyes grew wet from the strain. Her arm tingled sorely as Lady Anna pushed her little body forward into the door. Debra tried to struggle with her, but quickly found that her new captor was far more powerful than she appeared. 

Lady Anna started to speak while Debra was prone and helpless gritting her teeth. "If you do exactly as I say, you may live through this," she said simply. Debra whimpered as her arm was given a painful jerk, instantly causing a sprain in her arm. Several hot tears erupted from her eyes, and trailed down her face. Debra knew she was helpless and started to weep softly to herself. 

With her free hand Lady Anna ran her fingers across Debra's face and wiped away her tears. She savored the taste of Debra's sorrows and tasted her tears as she gentle sucked on her fingers. "You are far too weak little Miss Varney. We shall have to have something done about this later," said Lady Anna. 

Debra knew she wasn't getting away and remained quiet. Her face was very wet now with her tears and Lady Anna savored the sight of her this way. She began to wonder if she would ever get to have her like this again in the future. Tonight was going to be interesting to say the least, Lady Anna thought to herself. 

"You would do well to obey my every command... if you hope to live through this and become the woman you might be destined to change into. This makes little sense to you now Miss Varney, but it will make much sense in the morning... that is if you survive to see it," said Lady Anna flatly. 

With that she released her arm with a jerk and grabbed her by the shoulders. Then she spun Debra around and took a step back and began to take her in with her eyes. Lust was upon her mind and she didn't bother trying to hide it as she looked over Debra's body and features, with a smirking grin. Debra still had the look of a young teenager, and although a legal adult, she still looked every bit the kid sister in appearance. She had shoulder length curly brown hair and a child's innocence about her. Everyone at school treated her like their kid sister; with her meek little personality, big green eyes, pouty girlish lips, and a lightly freckled face that most people found outright adorable; it was of little surprise why she was treated as such. She had a petite girlish body, which was gentle and soft all over, but had a shapely round ass that got lots of attention from the boys. Lady Anna decided that she would savor breaking her, and take as much time with her as she could.
