 Lilith stood in the shadow of a large elm with several elders watching the sacrifices scurry about planning the handfasting of Liam and Mira. The entire town was focused on preparations for the handfasting. Though it wasn't standard for everything to stand still for one random ceremony, it was the town's way of avoiding thinking about the danger coming.

An older man with a long gray beard and wrinkled leather skin sighed heavily. "The army is only a day or two off. We've no word from the vampire. Should we stop them and prepare for war?"

"What war?" Lilith harrumphed. "If the army attacks us, no matter how weak Rillan Tiernay says they may be, we will be slaughtered as livestock. We've no weapons, we no knowledge of weapon use. What do you propose? Pitchforks and pails as swords and shields?"

The old man shook his head and sighed again. "I don't like waiting for death, Lilith."

"Isn't that what we do every day? We all die."

"Leave it to you to get philosophical about the matter."

"No," Lilith said, turning toward him. "Not philosophical, merely practical. Fewer people will die if we surrender without fuss. You know that. We, long ago, became too used to used to our protected existence. Change isn't a bad or good thing. It simply is."

"And if the army arrives to 'change our existence'," he said sarcastically, "during a handfasting ceremony?"

Lilith leveled a small knowing smile on her friend. "Then we invite them to the festivities. That should certainly confuse them."

The old man growled, but gave in. "There is no point in arguing with you Lilith. When was the last time you didn't have the last word in a conversation."

"I often fail to have the last word."

"Okay, so when was the last time you didn't come out two or three points ahead?"

Lilith returned to watching the girls dart back and forth in a rush of excitement. She was happy that they had found something to smile about. The sacrifices of recent generations spent far too much time dwelling on what their end would be like and not nearly enough time enjoying what they had. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *