 The diminutive mage began to weave wonders from sheer light, letting out a girlish chuckle as the brilliantly luminescent particles twirled and faded. A garish display that earned at least a few pained sighs from fellow students.

With soft waifish features hidden beneath wavy blonde locks and piercing blue eyes that glimmered with ravenous curiosity, Miria looked like any other girl you’d find entombed within the depths of the Mage’s Guild. Her skin frightfully pale from years of candlelit study.

This assumption has woefully spelt the end for many would-be romantics. For despite her demure charms and vivacious spirit...

Miria is, in fact, a boy.

“Did you see that!?” he exclaims. Seemingly unaware that the spectacle has blinded half the class and driven away a good deal more.

“The practical is in ten minutes. Have you at least prepared the incantations?” comes a deadpan response from Miria's partner, Lorrian. The raven-haired mage remains hunched over an aged tome, despite Miria’s every attempt to rouse his attention.

“Obviously. Just who do you take for me for?” pouts the young mage. Lorrian neglects to respond. “Y’know, I’ve heard the new instructor is crazy is strict… she used to serve the Magi or something,” Miria continues, idly toying with a lock of his hair.

“If you have time to waste on idle speculation, then start diluting the wraith essence. We can’t afford to mess this up,” replies Lorrian flatly. Despite his attitude, the gloomy scholar is rather attractive in an unconventional sense. Not that anyone would ever care to admit it.

“Sheesh, you’re pushy today…” mutters Miria. Wondering how he ever entered into such an unlikely partnership. Since time immemorial mages have studied in pairs, keeping careful vigil over their partner, lest the temptation of darkness should befall them. In reality, it’s a painful inconvenience.  

~

The two novice mages stand before the class, doing their best to conceal any traces of trepidation. The intricate geometric incantation engraved before them belies years of careful study. Despite this, even a minute slip-up could have disastrous implications. The kind neither of them would walk away from.

Today, they’d be summoning a familiar - a daemonic servant eternally bound to the material realm. If all went well.

“My, I think the two of you have built quite enough suspense. On with it,” orders their instructor. A shapely woman who’s likely seen more than enough budding young mages combust in her time. She knowingly takes a step back.

“It’s now or never, right? Time to show em’ what we’re made of,” chimed Miria, seemingly unaware of the grim atmosphere settling in.

“Indeed. Just follow my lead and don’t get careless,” replies Lorrian as the two of them begin channelling their mana. The rapturous flow of energy is blissful, but even a momentary lapse in concentration would tear the both of them apart from the inside out.     

The incantation begins to shine a dull blue. Magical particles trailing off into the musty darkness. “J-Just a little longer…” pants Miria, his face erupting into a hot flush as the spell begins to take its toll.

“Don’t lose focus now!” cries Lorrian as the light grows brighter, their spell reaching a mighty crescendo.

“Miria!”

In a brilliant flash the incantation vanishes. In its place lies a writhing mass of flesh. It was nothing like the elegant drawings in Lorrian's book. Miria gasps, doubling over, peering up at his instructor for even the slightest hint of approval.

“I think it’s… kinda cute,” Miria manages to choke out as the unfathomable reality of their failure dawns on his partner, his face growing even paler by the moment.

“How spectacular. That was even more dismal than I could have imagined...” replies their instructor who’d already begun ushering in the next pair.

“Did we pass, Miss?” asks Lorrian. She doesn’t grace him with an answer.

~

The pair began the short trek back to their quarters in silent contemplation, at least until Miria had other ideas.

“I think we’re dwelling too much on the negatives! We were SO close to pulling it off… did you see the looks on their faces?” says Miria in his usual sing-song voice as Lorrian draws to a sudden halt. Turning on him at once.

“Is this a joke to you?”

The question struck Miria as a surprise. By all accounts, he’d really given it his all. It only made things all the more confusing when Lorrian shoved him against the wall, the impact alone knocking the air right out of his lungs. This had taken a surprising turn.

“Well!? You made us look like fools back there!” snapped Lorrian as the petite mage writhed in his grasp. “Or was that another one of your petty tricks? Just admit it already!” he continued, tightening his grasp around Miria’s collar.

“I-I’m sorry…” gasped Miria, gaze lowering to the floor as his face turned red. “I really tried my hardest… I promise!”

“I don’t want to hear it. This on you, do you understand?” demanded Lorrian. His partner could only nod meekly in return.

“Good. Then make this right.”

He released his grasp and Miria slid to the floor, panting desperately. With a look verging somewhere between pity and contempt, Lorrian departs.

~

“Idiot!” Miria balled his hands, sinking his head into the stuffy bedroll, as if it’d somehow excise the shameful series of mishaps that had led him here. Of course, Lorrian would pin this on him! It was just typical. Do all the brooding types have a quota of cruel outbursts before you can win their trust?

No matter. Miria wasn’t one to admit defeat, not when his debatable reputation is on the line. He’d show Lorrian that he meant business. Who knows? Maybe he’d be grateful to have such a remarkable partner after this.

With a knowing grin, Miria set his sights on the grand archives.

~

“So heavy… this really is the worst,” Miria sighed. Doing his best to conceal the unfairly proportioned tome under his robes. Snatching it up had been an ordeal, but this was sure to prove Lorrian wrong. So long as he could make it back without collapsing under its weight.

With a gasp, he forced his way through the sturdy oak door that guarded his personal quarters. The candles still burning dimly from earlier. “There we go!” Miria sighed a breath of relief, dropping the tome on his bedside counter with a resounding thud. It wasn’t exactly elegant, but he’d pulled it off flawlessly. Nobody would suspect the book missing for some time.

“Time to get serious!” Miria chimed, preparing himself for the endeavour to come.

~

The finished incantation had taken over a good portion of his chambers, scrawling across the floor with feverish precision. This might just be his best work yet! If only Lorrian could see it…

Miria began channelling the relentless torrent of mana through his body, feeling himself grow lighter as the warm sensation spread. Many mages lose themselves to the throes of casting, allowing themselves to be consumed entirely. He practically shuddered as the spell took hold.

An ominous crimson glow began to envelop his cramped quarters as the incantation burst to life. For the first time, he felt his confidence waver. There was no going back now. He’d fed enough mana into the incantation that cutting off the flow would only destabilise it. The resulting explosion would wipe out this wing of the Guild. The forbidden tome had earned its moniker.

In a flash that sends Miria reeling the incantation vanishes, a dense purple miasma spilling out and enshrouding the mage at once. Just stay calm… it’s working perfectly. Miria repeats it in his mind like a mantra, frantically searching for any traces of movement. It’s near impossible to see in these conditions.

“Fufufu… aren’t you a precocious one? Master dearest.” The deep sultry voice comes from within the haze, her every word dripping with amorous intent. Miria can’t see her at first, but he feels her presence. A deep primal fear he'd harboured giving way to something entirely unfamiliar. Before he can even formulate a response, she steps forward.

Cascading locks of purple hair spill over her curvaceous form, her horns emerging wickedly. Upon seeing Miria, her fanged smile twisted into something knowing. At first glance, one might mistake her for an unnaturally beautiful woman made in the very image of carnal desire. Every inch of her sculpted body was sinfully inviting, but that changes when Miria notices the strange markings that adorn her pale lilac flesh. Her leathery wings still half-shrouded in fog belie a predator of unmatched grace.

Her crimson eyes narrow in anticipation, eating up the delectable suspense as her prey squirms. It’s moments like these that are etched into her memory forever, flickers of light in an infernal purgatory.

“Ahem… could you clear some of this fog? I-It’s a little hard to breathe,” pants Miria, waving away the billowy wisps of miasma. Unperturbed, the succubus took a step towards Mira’s prone form. Staring down at him with lascivious amusement. Her pointed nails brush the pallid mage’s cheek as she cups his face, turning it side to side.

“Aren’t you a curious little thing. Tell me... are you a boy or a girl?” Not that it mattered to her. The mage would make a wonderful plaything either way.

“I’m a boy actually, miss,” Miria responds curtly. The succubus’ pointed ears pricking up at his response.  

“My name’s Miria! Please forgive me, I’m still something of a novice when it comes to this whole summoning business...” his words trail off as the succubus lets out a hearty chuckle.

“Aren’t you just precious! To think one such as you could summon me.” The succubus can’t hide her bemusement. She’d never had a master so lacking in experience.

Miria brushes himself off and rises to his feet. Though his demonic entourage still stands a full head taller than him. “Well, aren’t you going to introduce yourself?” he cheerily asks without trepidation.

He’s awfully forward. No matter. “My name is Lilith, though you may call me whatever you desire… master.” Her words shift into a velvety whisper as she draws closer to Miria, her breath tingling his exposed throat.

“I think Lilith works fine, actually,” Miria remarks casually, painfully unaware of the mortal peril he’s in. What is wrong with this boy? I can’t tell if he’s fearless or just plain stupid.

“Then might I ask why you’ve summoned me? Or would you rather forego this silly game and submit to me now?”

“It’s a class assignment actually! We kinda messed up, and now it’s up to me to fix things up…” Miria grumbles, biting his lip as he remembers Lorian's cold dismissal. If she was confounded before, Lilith was now well and truly lost. She’d been summoned by countless petulant mortals, all clamouring for her favour. But never this.

“You wish to bargain for arcane wisdom? You’ve summoned the wrong demon then, boy.” How painfully typical. Humans never cease to amaze her with their hubris. She ought to merely devour him and leave…

“Hey! You’ve got it all wrong. I just need to bring you to class to prove I can summon a powerful familiar,” Miria cries out. A demonic familiar is bound to a mage for life, an arrangement Lilith was none too keen on. I didn’t take him for an exhibitionist. These mages are an odd sort.

“Me? Your familiar? Don’t flatter yourself.” The succubus drew closer. Trailing a finger down the boy’s throat. Willing him to beg. “Though, I might be able to help you… for something in return of course,” she whispers.  

“Oh. What is it that you want?” the boy asks, his glassy eyes glimmering with puerile innocence. Oh, It’ll be fun to break him.

“You.”

~

Miria felt his body grow hot as she breathily whispered in his ear. An unbearable rush of pheromones suddenly shrouding his mind. The first pangs of panic coursed through him as his thoughts grew hazier. He found himself unable to break away from her ravishing form. Transfixed by how her shapely ass shifted beneath the candlelight. She sauntered towards the messily arranged bed, leading him to certain damnation.

“Wait! This is wrong…” he pants, as she forces him down. The room was becoming a nauseating blur. “L-Lilith I don’t feel good.” Her twisted smile grew. There was no need to hide her cruel inflictions any longer.

“Oh? But you seem to be enjoying it ever so much,” she remarks. Settling her hand on the growing warmth below. Their mouths might lie, but their bodies are all the same. She teases it. Contempt to watch him shudder and mewl with pleasure as he grows harder.

“I command you to stop...” he moans half-heartedly, unable to meet her crimson gaze any longer. A hot flush erupts across his delicate face, and for a moment Lilith forgets she’s straddling a boy at all.

“Did you really think such an infantile spell could control me, master? I almost pity you,” she scolds him. Her wings coiling out magnificently as he writhes beneath her.

Lilith waves a hand and whispers a spell in her alien tongue. Miria stifles a cry as his robes are reduced to mere shining particles of light. Trailing away like flickering embers. It was a cruel twist of irony. Though in this state he could hardly appreciate the pretty spectacle. Miria trembles; caught between the throes of pleasure and shame. His petite body is well toned and subtly curves outward in all the right places. It seemed unfair that a boy like him should be gifted with such an alluring form. Putting many of his less fortunate classmates to shame. Alas, this world is cruel in its convictions. Though it certainly seemed Miria was getting more than he bargained for.

“D-Don’t look at me!” Miria snaps. But the succubus simply holds his lithe wrists down. Drinking up every delectable ounce of his shame.

“But there’s ever so much to see… to think a precious thing like you has been holed up in here his entire life. Such a waste,” Lilith cooes. Grinding herself against his cock till his pitiful whimpers turn to something more deprived. Without realising it, his hips begin moving, desperately seeking a release. “Eager are we? I suppose I’ve kept you waiting long enough.”

The mage’s breath hitches as Lilith raises her ass. Her toned thighs already slick with sweat and her own arousal. She savours one last moment of the boy’s quivering anticipation before sinking down onto his cock. Lilith’s voluptuous lips twisting into a wolfish grin as his length disappears inside of her. With a gasp, Miria arches his back. Savouring her warmth as his body is wracked with a wave of mind-numbing pleasure. He can only whimper as she slowly raises herself once more, crimson eyes smouldering with a voracious hunger. He needily begins cloying at her thighs, trying to pull her back down onto his glistening member. “Were you hoping for something more? I want to hear you beg, master,” she orders mercilessly.

“I-I want you…” Miria stutters, his whole body searing with white-hot tension.

“You’ll have to do better than that,” the succubus purrs. Raking her nails across the boy’s chest till a trickle of blood stains his porcelain flesh.

“Please, just… fuck me,” he begs. Shivering as Lilith draws closer till their lips barely brush together. The boy begins to hungrily run his tongue over her lips, parting them with a breathy moan. Their tongues coiling together as Miria kisses her feverishly, yearning for something more.

The succubus begins to gyrate her hips, slowly at first. Burying Miria inside of her with callous disregard. As his choked sobs grow more heated, she starts to ride him faster. Breasts bouncing with each frantic thrust. Time seemed to fade, each moment of rapturous bliss bleeding into the next. Tension begins to build deep in his stomach as he fucks her harder. Sinking his hands into her thighs and biting back a languid moan. His every thought seemed to dissolve into nothing but pleasure, eyes rolling back as his body was enveloped by one all-consuming fire. A moment of free fall and blinding light. At that moment it seemed that the mage known as Miria had disappeared entirely.

~

Miria’s body lay sprawled out across the bedroll, slick with sweat and Lilith’s own juices. He panted, body still twitching from the heated climax. The succubus stared down at him in bemusement, her body shining even more radiantly than before. She’d only stolen but a glimmer of the boy’s life essence. He had no reason to be so melodramatic.

“You haven’t died, have you, master? I did try ever so hard to be gentle,” Lilith cooed, wondering if the vitality of mages had been vastly exaggerated. This boy hardly lasted a few minutes. Not that it was anything worth savouring.

“I’m okay, Miss. Though you could've at least warned me first." He chirped up, rolling back over and pulling the sheets over his lithe body in a desperate bid to win back some dignity. Truth be told, the ordeal had left him shaken, but if it meant taming such a powerful specimen, he’d do it again in a heartbeat. Well, perhaps a quick breather would be in order first...

Lilith arched her brow quizzically. In this state, the mage reminded her of the many female paramours she'd amused herself with. Hair still messily splayed out across his tender flesh. It was startling to her that the puerile toy she'd ridden just moments ago was anything but a fair maiden. For the time being, reality refused to settle in. “So considering I’ve paid my part in full... you’re totally my familiar now, right!?” Miria cried eagerly. “I suppose you ought to start cleaning up then. We made a real mess of this place,” continued the boy as Lilith ground her teeth.

“Your familiar? Oh, darling. You misunderstood,” started the succubus, cupping Miria’s face in her hands. “When I told you the price, I meant it quite literally,” she finished, allowing Miria a moment to let the words settle in. 

"W-What do you mean? You just fed on me!” he exclaimed, breaking free of her grasp.

“Fufufu… you call that feeding? I merely needed some of your precious male vitality for what’s to come,” murmured Lilith, drawing out each word with glee.

“No fair. That wasn’t the deal, lady!” exclaimed Miria with a pout. How pathetic. It’s impossible to take this boy seriously. Before he could utter another word of defiance, Lilith whispered a sultry incantation. A familiar tingling was beginning to spread below. Miria could only stare on in dismay as the vestiges of Lilith’s pussy fused into what resembled a flaccid cock. Swinging limply between her shapely legs. Even at this meagre length, it was starting to put him to shame. Licking her plump lips, she began teasing it, moaning wantonly as it grew.

“Don’t pretend this isn’t exciting you, master…” She was rock hard now, cock already glistening with precum as Miria backed away. His trembling legs threatening to give out under him.

“W-What are you doing with that thing...?” he wretchedly sobbed as, she forced the boy down to his knees.

“Isn’t it obvious? I want you to put that pretty mouth of yours to use,” Lilith teased.

“No way! This isn’t happening! I mean just LOOK at it… there’s no way it’ll-” Miria’s words were reduced to a choked gag as she forced her cock down his throat, watching it bulge and distend around her length as he spluttered desperately for air. The succubus relished the rush of new sensations. The tightness of the boy’s throat really was divine. She wrapped a bundle of his blonde locks around her hands, using it to pull his head even closer. With a gasp she watched the last traces of her cock disappear into his mouth. After a few moments of precious trepidation, she released him. He coughed violently, strands of spittle still trailing from his lips to her member.

“I-I couldn’t breathe! Are you trying to KILL ME or something? I’m your MASTER dammit! Wait… what are you-” Lilith yanked his hair, sinking her cock into the warmth of his throat once more. She soon fell into a steady rhythm, sloppily fucking his mouth as he gagged noisily, looking up at her with teary eyes.
