 i

My fingers wrapped about some plastic feeling material as I reached behind the wardrobe. I thought there seemed to be something vaguely unpleasant about it but filled with curiosity I pulled it into the air and sunlight. I drew back my breath sharply as I looked at the thing in my hands.

"Well that is ugly," you remarked.

I had to agree. It seemed something that was either given to relatives you hated or something that belonged in the garbage tip. The frame seemed to be some sort of pewter with that silver-grey colour and it was covered in the ugliest most obscene creatures about its rim. They seemed to be arranged in some sort of blasphemous tableaux, again there seemed something obscene and threatening about the creatures around the rim. Looking in the centre I decided that the glass must have been damaged since it seemed to distort any image that it reflected. Looking at myself I thought I appeared to be some sort of leering demon with reddish skin. On the other hand you seemed to be little distorted in the glass. 

"So this thing was your mothers?" you asked. I drew my eyes away from the mirror and smiled at you.

"Yes, my uncle kept it after she disappeared. I heard that she had tried to get it back from him before she disappeared. I can't imagine why," I remarked wryly.

Looking at it again you repeated your original comment,"It really is ugly. Anyway time to have a coffee I think."

That was something that I liked the sound of and I rose from my knees to follow you into the kitchen. As always I enjoyed watching the sensual swing of your hips and the swell of your breasts beneath your t-shirt as you moved. As you prepared our drinks you continued to talk.

"Did you know anything about her? Your mother I mean."

Looking up from the hot cup of coffee in front of me I spoke,"Not much. Just that she ran away to some East Coast fishing town and joined some weird cult. Seems she wasn't married when she had me," I was a little bitter about that though my uncle had been a loving guardian to me. 

"Seems my uncle found out about it and turned up with the police and seized me and brought me back here. From what he said after that she disappeared and he could never find her again."

I remembered the old man and how he would refuse to discuss anything about my mother and how we would fight over that. He had been one of those hard puritanical men who demanded respect more than loving. Thinking about him made me realise how much I missed the old man. He had driven me to become a successful engineer and then a businessman. I had thought him as invulnerable as a chunk of granite.

"It's still a shock to think him dead," I remarked.

When I had been told that he had been attacked by some unknown sea beast in a swim I had thought it a joke. It had come as no surprise that he had left me his estate since I was his only living relative. I had seen the body later and it had been hideously mutilated. I shuddered to remember the moment.

"Strange, I always thought he feared being near the sea. I can't remember him ever going near it at all. So for him to die in it seems so wrong....." I mused to myself aloud.

Then I turned to you and shrugged. Seeing your hair in disarray sent a surge of lust through my body. You turned back to the bench and poured water into the cups as you mixed our coffees. My hands touched your hips and stroked them along your torso. As I touched you I grew more insistent and cupped your breasts, I began to squeeze them hard, I felt you flinch but I continued to squeeze the soft flesh. I felt you struggle and try to turn to face me but I held you hard against the bench and twisted your nipples cruelly.

"Hey ease up will you, your hurting me," I heard you say.

I seemed to push harder against you as you spoke as though I was being encouraged by your resistance. I pulled up your shirt and reached up under the thin cloth and I again cupped your breasts.I pinched your nipples hard and you cried with pain. I smiled to myself as I heard your cry and pinched even harder. I pushed your naked breasts into the cold plastic covering the kitchen bench and slipped my hands to your jeans. The button popped open and zip slid down as I pulled your jeans and panties to your knees. Using my body and a hand I pressed you hard into the bench as I pulled my jeans down and allowed my hard cock into the air. 

I looked at your magnificently ass. I admired and lusted at the sight of the firm cheeks. I knew that beneath the globes of flesh was your cunt with its trimmed bush. How often I had slipped my tongue between your swollen lips and then thrust my cock hard into your dripping cunt. I had an urge to spank your ass until it glowed a bright red just to hear you cry with the pain of it. I reached under your ass and found those lovely lips. I pushed a finger quickly between the wet lips. Your groaning reached my lips as I thrust the digit in and out of your cunt.

"Please not like this," I heard you whimper and then when I jammed two fingers into you, you squealed with a mixture of pain and pleasure. Even as you pleaded with me to stop you juiced up quickly and I felt your cunt open to the pressure I was using. Then instead of my fingers it was my cock that was at the entrance of your cunt and with a firm push I thrust my hard flesh into you.

I rammed my cock into your cunt quickly and repeatedly in frenzied strokes. I bit into your neck as I felt you buck and struggle against my body. I felt you cum as I thrust into you. Then I felt the warmth of my cum shoot into your cunt . I spurted for a long time until it dribbled from your well-lubricated hole. Softening I pushed away from you and popped my cock back into my jeans.

As I got dressed so did you in staccato movements and once finished turned to me the anger clearly evident on your face.

"What was that about," you cried angrily and struck at me. 

"I am not some fucking slut that can be fucked because a man has decided he needs to stick his cock into a cunt," you struck me across the face and I was able to capture the hand and I pushed you against the wall. Guilt flooded through me and I held you red-faced.

"I'm sorry," I mumbled.

"Sorry, you were fucking trying to rape me. You didn't care what I wanted or felt you bastard!!!" you screamed into my face and you rained hard blows over my chest and shoulders. Finally you stopped and began to weep in my arms. As you did so I whispered words of regret into your ears until we went to the waiting bed upstairs. Yet even as I apologised and spoke my gentle words of reconciliation I felt a surge of pride in my actions and somehow my thoughts leapt to the mirror that only a few minutes before I had held.

ii

Barely two days later saw me touching two bumps that had appeared at my forehead. As I touched them a thrill of pleasure shot through my body. I felt a need in taking you hard and fast again as I did only two days before. Lately I had been having the most lurid and vivid dreams about things I could barely mention. What I did know was that I felt an almost constant need to masturbate or fuck you. As I touched my cock I looked at my uncle's mirror. Often I seemed to stand before it in my den and touch the frame as though seeking some entrance to the distorted images that were shown there. 

After that fuck you had changed become remote from me though your body seemed to touch me constantly. I felt a thrill as I took you and it was rougher than we had done before. I fucked you in the bedroom and bathroom, once I had even taken you pinned against the car. Though you no longer spoke about how I was treating you every now and again I thought I saw confusion in your eyes as you became more submissive towards me.

Then I looked at the mirror near my chair. I saw an arm reach through the rippling surface and signal to me. It was covered in small delicate red scales and black claws, Sweating profusely but unsurprised I sat up and reached for the beckoning hand/claw, I did not think about what I was doing merely that it felt the right thing to do. Talons cut into my flesh and pulled me through the mirror's grey surface. 

I looked about me and I stood in a black marbled hall, there was no one about me though I remembered that something had pulled me into this place. I did not worry about this nor that I was now naked, I felt that it was the right thing in this place. I felt that I was safe and protected here, I felt at home. I gave no thought to where my clothing was but that there was wild raucous music and laughter ahead of me and I wished to be where it was. I saw bloody light that soaked into the stone ahead and walked towards it. My steps were towards the light and sound. Then I stepped into the hall and the wild orgy that lay before me.

Cries of pain and pleasure struck my ears as I looked at the cavorting horde below. Mixed in with the obviously human figures were creatures with red scaled skin, talons and forked tails. They fucked and were fucked, their talons raked the thin skin of the people about them and they drew blood that they licked up quickly with forked snake-tongues. I felt my cock harden and I wanted to thrust myself deep into the throng and fuck a cunt with my cock, in fact I wanted to fuck any orifice offered to me. I wanted to scratch and lick blood from the scratches that I would create and that shocked me deeply but aroused me even further.

"Come young Lord you are wanted," a sinister voice assaulted my ears.

Beside me stood one of the red creatures from the floor below.If you had seen her you would have called her demon for she was the exact copy of a Medieval image of one. There was a major difference though she was alive next to me and I watched her carefully. It was a she for her breasts though firm were larger than any I had ever seen. Her dark crimson nipples stuck out from the scarlet scales and I felt a desire to suck hard on these magnificent tits. Though her face was one of sharp triangles her eyes radiated a hard lust that made me respond, I growled and felt my hand rise to grab hold of her breast. Twisting sharply I wrenched the tit. It felt as smooth as silk and she came to me shooting her long forked tongue deep into my thought. 

Talons raked my back as I pushed her body against the black marble wall and as she parted her legs willingly. Allowing my cock to thrust deeply into her cold cunt. If she was cold to my touch, my lust was white hot and I thrust my cock into her repeatedly as I struck her hard scaled body with my fists. As I struck at her in our violent caresses I felt her hooked clit scrape along my cock as she came in cold liquid waves over my cock. Suddenly I cried as my cum shot through my pulsing cock and deep into her waiting cunt. Unlike any woman I had ever before the cunt that held me sucked on my cock as though she was taking me with her mouth, I even felt what seemed to be a tongue that licked along the slit of my cock. Her cunt greedily sucked my cock of every drop of cum that it could. 

"That was good young Lord but you are wanted," the demoness said with no emotion as she stood away from me after we had finished and walked to a set of stairs behind us. I had not noted them before but walked behind her swaying ass, the barbed tail curling and uncurling along the crease.

We stepped down deeper into the palace. Though I was not being told where we were going I knew that we were going to a throne-room and that I feared what who sat on the throne. I paused and looking back once. Then my fear took over, I turned and ran up the stairs. I felt a talon grab hold of my arm but I shrugged it off and I heard a harsh voice scream into my ear as my ex-lover tried to drag me back into that gateway to the Hell below.

I awoke suddenly in my chair and watched with horrified fascination as the welts on my skin healed themselves before my eyes. Then I thought of you submissive upstairs and smiling wickedly I touched the bumps on my head and stood and left the room.

iii

As I had walked to the bedroom each step had fallen heavily to the floor as I had walked to the bedroom. I had ripped my clothes from my body as I had walked to you. It felt so exhilarating to walk my cock hard and heavy in my hand and I pushed the door open. You had looked into my eyes and had tried to flee from me but I had jumped onto you and pulled you back to the bed.

You had tried to flee from me and it had been so easy to capture you. I had thrown you onto the bed and you continued to scream about not touching you. It had felt good to slap you across the face and pin you to the bed. My fingers curled about your body and ripped your clothes away from your body and I had bit deeply into your breast making you scream in pain. Yet I had felt your arousal and had responded by raking your skin with my fingernails. Your skin broke and I licked the blood from the broken flesh.

I opened your legs to thrust my aching cock deep into your body and I felt your wetness. You no longer screamed but whimpered and groaned with pain and with pleasure. As I rammed my cock into you I felt a wild joy that made me mad with pleasure. I ravaging you your submissive body. I felt your feeble hands try to beat against my back as you tried to fight me but your own body with its lusts and passions was betraying you to me. How you had cried in pure ecstasy as you came and had wept when I had stopped fucking you. You cunt pulsed with cum, it coated my cock and I had felt your body come again and again with our rough love-making.

"There that was good wasn't it?" I cooed into your ear.

You looked at me with a mixture and fear and lust in your eyes as you nodded your head. Then I allowed you up from the bed to clean yourself. From that day you seemed to do everything in your power to please me and often you would wander naked about the house and open your legs when you saw me. I knew that you were trying to get me to fuck you more often that your lusts had overcome what little modesty remained to you. You had become the slut that you had dreamt of becoming and I felt that it pleased you. 

The feel and smell of you attracted me and I would come to you stroking me with my talons. Talons that had grown as I changed with each look into my mirror. Blood would flow as we made love and my tongue would lick it up with a frightening intensity. I thought that the blood seemed to feed my changes and I wanted more of that life-altering liquid from you.

Once you even touched my horns and with tears in your voice you asked," What are you?"

I had horns now, bright golden horns that you fondled and that I found aroused me quickly with each touch. My skin had changed too becoming red and covered in small silky scales. 

I had not answered you but pushed you hard against the table as I parted your legs. I took your legs in my hands and pulled them about my waist. My cock was ready and had sprung out of the scaled covering that covered me. I pulled you onto the hard arrow of scaled flesh and pushed it viciously into your cunt. I had grown larger and wider with my changes and now my cock would stretch you tight. How you would howl as I fucked you. 

Now you howled with the pleasure of my fucking, you would beg me for my cock to punish your cunt and you would drip from your cunt, and you came again and again as I would scratch your sensitive cunt with my scales. Then I would feel my icy cum shoot deep into your body.

As I turned to you I felt the familiar warmth of my love for you. A love that no longer could be considered in mere human terms but in an intense desire and hunger for you. I literally hungered to devour you as I thrust my cold cock deep into your waiting cunt. You smiled at me with a simple pleasure, I remembered again when I had thrust my body on top of yours after my first dream. 

I think I was surprised that your cunt was wet as I pushed my cock deep into you and you had tried to bite my shoulder which I drove into your chin as I held you to the bed. I felt you collapse as I drove my cock violently into your cunt and instead of screams of pain and outrage you whimpered in submission to me and moans of deep pleasure as I held you down and ravaged your body. 

My cock slipped in and out of your cunt with practised ease as I felt my body press against you. I slowed and looked deep into your eyes and I spoke. My voice seemed smooth and melodious as I demanded your obedience to me and as I held my cock deep in you and pinned that way you pleaded for me to continue, to thrust my cock into your wet hole. Then driven mad with lust you promised me that you would do everything I demanded, you gave me your soul and I watched a light die in your eyes as I thrust my cock into your body again and again. It was as though your soul leached through your cunt into my body as you came the first of many times.

After that you had been my willing servant bound to me by your lust, it had sapped all will, all defiance and all opposition to me. As I had changed you became more worshipful of me and though at first I had been surprised, this submission aroused me. You had become my willing accomplice in my changes and now we were here and tonight we were to open the door to Hell and my Infernal Father.

iv

The changes affected my body and my mind. I felt my understanding of the world about me grow and as it did I changed in the way I saw things. The first thing that I did was learn about what I was becoming. So as I was changing I tried to learn more about myself. I had not stopped reading my uncle's private papers and had finally come on one that seemed to make so much sense to me when I read it.

Am I too late, the boy seems perfectly normal but he is so cold and Father_____ told me that he should be destroyed since such unions are cursed by God and his angels. Yet the boy is the only reminder of my dear sweet sister. 

I remember when we found him held to the chair as the foul members of that sect danced and committed orgies about him. We never found where my sister went except I remember what he said. That she had gone to be the slut to his father. The way he said it made my blood run cold and he seemed less human then. But he seems so normal, he plays and has friends.

Yet there is something about him that makes my skin crawl, every now and again he does something that seems to be needlessly cruel. 

I feel the tug of the sea at my will all the time. I remember when I left Innsmouth the sea had rose against me and it had almost swept the car I was in to its hungry depths. I know in my soul that should I go to the sea again I will lose my life and my soul to the creatures there waiting for me.......

Then I read another passage that seemed to be about me and my long gone mother.

She said that he came to her in dreams. That she had been taken and made pregnant by him so that he could make a new start on this world. She had raved as I took the child from them. The guns holding them away from us. How she had cursed me and then made that foul suggestion that I lie with her. She had stripped naked before me and thrust her breasts towards me. Then the shameless hussy had opened her legs and began to masturbate in front of me promising me her body if I came to her. 

It had been satisfying to thrust her away from me and hear her screams of outrage as I took the child from her.

Sometimes though I wish I had lain with her and I hear her voice in my dreams. 

As I read I felt a growing understanding, he did not say what he feared but he spoke of nameless dreads and fancies. Yet beneath his cryptic utterances I could feel an understanding of what I was, the half-breed of my mother and an ancient evil. I felt my skin tear and slough to the floor. Beneath would lie smooth scales of the loveliest vermilion and I would stroke them feeling the my lusts grow and become mature as I did so. As I learnt and changed I waited, somewhere in the back of my mind I realised that there would be a time to do what needed to be done to join with my father.
