 Author's note: Hello my readers, this is a new story where I will be uploading a new chapter every week. I'm going to try and upload every Thursday. Just a warning that this is a little different from my usual writing and there will be elements of horror in it. I would love to know what you think about it! 

*****

I remember the day I first met Alex. I was in my second year, taking a first-year religious study course as a fun option to my otherwise heavy course load. I was taking notes on my laptop when I heard a voice say quietly beside me. "Hey, you got a spare pen? Mine is out of ink." I looked over to see a girl with long dark hair beside me. She was wearing a tan lace-up shirt and dark jeans. I suddenly felt very silly in my t-shirt and sweatpants but hey, comfort over style, right? She raised one manicured eyebrow at me. "Oh, sure!" I said. The prof today had apparently had a double espresso shot today because he was talking super-fast. I quickly grabbed one of my pens and put it in the girl's hand. 

"Thanks..." 

"You're welcome." I replied automatically, though I detected the somewhat confused tone in her voice. I glanced over and flushed with embarrassment. I had given her a pen I had bought from the zoo, one with several wolves on the design. 

"You like wolves, I take it?" She spun the pen once as she shifted to jot down notes in her notebook. 

"Yeah, I do." I said with a grin. Unfortunately, that was the end of the conversation that day as the prof continued talking at a rapid speed. After the prof dismissed the class everyone stood up hurriedly to leave, the 11:50 finish time meaning to most that it was time for a well-deserved break and lunch. I turned around to get my pen back but the girl was gone. She stole my pen! I was pretty annoyed, especially since it was my favorite pen. I planned on getting it back from the girl in the next lecture. 

My plans were dashed when I arrived on Wednesday and looked around for the girl. There was no nicely dressed brunette to be found that day. Dejected, I sat down and turned on my laptop as the prof started the lecture on Hinduism. 

"Hey." I turned around to see her sit down, she sounded slightly out of breath and her hair was windswept. "Sorry I jacked your pen yesterday, I was in a hurry." She placed the pen carefully onto my tiny desk.

"Well, I guess I'll forgive you of your crime." I said, taking the pen back and putting in my case. 

"I've seen the side of the light, I swear." She chuckled. "What's your name?"

She reached out with her hand and I shook it. 

"It's Jessie." I said. 

"I'm Alex."

From that day on we sat together, comparing notes and chatting. I found out she shared my love for Supernatural and we would always spend some time after class chatting and sharing stories about that show and other shows we had watched. 

Eventually after some time we started talking about other aspects of our lives and after a while, we had become close friends. 

"So I was wondering." She said one day as we were sitting in a quiet corner by a window overlooking the campus. "If you wanted to go out for coffee tomorrow after class. There's a really nice café that's a fifteen-minute walk from here." 

"Oh like a study group thing?" I asked. She had never invited me out before. 

"No. Like a date." She said nonchalantly.

"Oh! I would love to." I said, blushing hard. 

***

I thought about that moment fondly as we prepared dinner together. Alex's uncle had a cabin that he had agreed to lend to us for the long weekend, and during the long hours of studying for midterms together, during breaks we had made plans for what we were going to do while we were there. We would set off tomorrow, bright and early. I was excited, but not as much as Alex. 

"It's so beautiful there, you're going to love it." Alex said as she flipped the chicken in the frying pan. "And the cabin is great. It'll be a great time to-" 

She was interrupted by my roommate and best friend, Nat, opened the door loudly. 

"-be alone." Alex finished her sentence. I know Alex found Nat irritating, but even she looked concerned when we saw that the tiny blonde's face was flushed and her eyes were puffy. 

"What happened?" I asked as Nat flopped down onto the couch. She promptly burst into tears. 

"Matt broke up with me." She said once I made it over to the couch. I pulled her into a hug. "Oh no, I'm sorry." Nat must've felt awful, they were also supposed to have a romantic weekend together. 

"I guess I should've known, he was acting all weird and distant for a while now, but I thought he was just stressed from school." She sobbed into my shoulder. Alex had finished cooking the chicken and she came over with three plates of the chicken Parmesan and spaghetti we had made. 

"Thank you." Nat said tearfully. 

I flipped on the tv and we watched a terrible movie on Netflix while we ate. We tried to cheer Nat up by making jokes and she had laughed a couple times, but would quickly settle back into a somber mood. 

"This is really good." Nat said as she put her plate down. "So, you guys are leaving tomorrow morning, right?" 

"Yeah." I said. I looked over at Alex, who had been quietly studying us. We made eye contact. 

"Why don't you come with us?" Alex asked to my surprise. 

"Oh. I couldn't do that." Nat said wistfully. 

"Don't be silly." I said after I had recovered. 

"There's tons of rooms at the cabin, come with us, relax." Alex said. 

"Oh...If it's ok." Nat wavered. 

Alex smiled. "Ok, so it's settled."

And so that was how it ended up that the three of us piled into Alex's jeep at the ungodly hour of five thirty-five in the morning. 

"Ok first things first. Coffee." Alex said without even a semblance of emotion in her voice. We spent the ten-minute drive to the Tim's in complete silence. 

"I'll pay for you guys!" Nat chimed up when we were in the drive through. 

"That's sweet of you." I said with a grin. Who doesn't like free coffee. Alex seemed more reluctant but took Nat's credit card when she handed it over. "Thank you." 

Alex was a lot more cheerful after she had a couple sips from her extra-large cup of coffee. We put the radio on and listened to tunes while Alex drove, chatting about school, the annoying, weird inconvenient areas of the school where there were no plug ins for laptops. 

"So I was like, at six percent and then the prof is suddenly like, "oh and just for you guys I'll give you a bunch of hints about what's going to be on the midterm. And I didn't have any paper." Nat said to us. "I had to write on a napkin." She said the last sentence almost like it was a dirty deed. 

I burst into laughter and looked over to see Alex choking on her coffee. She put down her coffee hurriedly, still chuckling. 

After a while we took a bathroom break at a rest stop and then it was my turn to drive. The highway soon turned from a straight road to a winding one and helped keep the drive interesting. I didn't own a car so it was nice to get some practice in, and Alex's powerful jeep was a joy to drive. Alex turned off the radio after we started to get more static than music and popped in a cd. Late 2000 hip hop streamed through the speakers. 

"This is such a throwback!" Nat said. 

"Way to update your collection, honey." I joked. 

We were in the middle of singing Usher's "Yeah" song when Alex motioned for me to take a right off the highway and onto a side road. We drove on that for quite a while before we got off that one onto a dirt road, entering deeper and deeper into the forest. The day was already grey but the tall trees blocked even the sun's weak rays even more. Despite this, we were all very excited to see the clearing and the cabin. To say that it was a cabin was quite misleading, it was more like a house. I turned to look at Nat and could see her admiring the light colored brick walls and full length windows. 

"You really shouldn't call this a cabin..." I muttered to Alex. 

"Oh? Well my uncle said that this place has been in the family for a long time. He was the one who restored it." 

"It looks fantastic." Nat said, still staring as I piled things into her arms to take inside. 

"I have your keys, Alex." I said. 

"Thanks." She said, jutting out her hip so I could put them in her pocket. 

The inside was just as impressive, the white walls help let the light in, and we could admire the forest from almost every direction. We carried our things into the kitchen area. I looked at the clock on the oven. Nine twenty-three. 

"So, who wants pancakes?" I asked, pulling out a box of mix we had brought. 

"Me!" Both girls said enthusiastically, and I started rummaging around the cupboards for a frying pan and bowl. 

"How about some venison sausages?" Alex asked, opening the fridge and taking out a package wrapped in butcher paper. 

"Oh heck yes." Nat said, making herself comfortable on one of the bar stools at the kitchen island. She had already pulled out her phone. "What's the wifi password?" She asked absently. 

Alex gave me a look. "There isn't any wifi here." 

"What?" Nat looked aghast. "No wifi?" 

Alex smirked at her. "We're lucky to have phone service out here. Usually my uncle comes here to get away from it all." 

Nat groaned. "Fiiiinneee." She said, sulking. 

Alex found the plates and utensils and soon we were eating pancakes and sausages. I pushed the glass bottle of maple syrup over to Nat, who brightened. 

"There's a great hiking area I want to show you guys." Alex said after we had been eating for a few minutes. She used her last piece of pancake to soak up the remaining syrup on her plate. 

"Sounds great." I said, trying my dark brown hair into a ponytail. 

The sky had brightened in the time we had spent indoors, and now with hot food in our bellies, Nat and I cheerfully followed Alex as we walked on a small dirt road. The air was brisk, as was expected in November, but the incline of the hiking trail soon warmed me up. Alex walked with purposeful strides while Nat and I shuffled along behind her. 

"So...where are you taking us?" I asked after a period of time has passed. 

"Mirror lake." Alex said with a smile, slowing down slightly so we could catch up. "I used to swim there all the time when I was a little girl." 

"Sounds nice." Nat said, pulling her hood up. 

Being here put Alex in a good mood, she had an energy about her, she was as hyper as Nat was normally, chatting excitedly to her and practically skipping on the trail. They were talking about the Korean barbeque place at school and discussing their favorite side dishes. I watched the two of them fondly as I breathed in the fresh mountain air and pine scent. I was so grateful to have the two of them in my life. Soon we reached the aforementioned lake. I had expected it to be larger, but it was probably only a few meters across, and not very deep. Still, the dark green water was beautiful, and the surface reflected the tall pines prominently. Beyond the lake, the mountains reached upwards toward the sky, unscalable by us. 

Nat sat down on a rock. "Know what would be nice? A tea house here." 

"Oh?" Alex said, arching an eyebrow as she put one leg on a log and re-tied her laces. 

"Yeah, there could be tea and hot chocolate, and sandwiches." 

Alex seemed to be intrigued by the thought, and Nat continued. "And scones...lemon tarts." 

"Sounds delicious. We should bring some to have here." Alex said. I blinked when I felt a water drop land on my nose. 

"Ah crap, it's raining." Alex said, straightening up quickly. "Come on, let's get back." She said, grabbing my hand. We hurried down the hill, and had almost made it when the skies opened up and it started pouring. Heavy rain drops continued to pound down on the cabin as we took off our shoes and now wet socks. "Nat, take the downstairs shower, we'll take the upstairs." Alex instructed as she took everyone's jackets, which were now soaked. "I'm going to hang these up to dry in the laundry room." 

I went upstairs to the master bedroom, stripping off my clothes as I went. I put my clothes on the counter and looked around. It was a nice-looking bathroom, there was a jacuuzi tub and a glass shower with dark tiling. I stepped into the shower. It took me a few seconds to figure out the handle and then hot water was streaming down on me. "Ah thank god". I looked out the window at the tree outside. The window looked out into the front yard, and I could see Alex's jeep parked there. I was still admiring the view when I heard the door open behind me. I turned around. 

"Well this is a fine sight." Alex said.

I blushed as she pulled her shirt up and over her head, tossing it beside my pile of clothes. It was hard not to be intimidated by Alex's dark, toned body compared to my pale one that had a few extra pounds, but Alex looked at me with such a pleased, appreciative look that I could feel a warm feeling between my legs that had nothing to do with the shower. 

"May I join you?" she asked, and I nodded. 

"Plenty of room here." I allowed her to step in and she stepped up to the shower head, tossing her hair back and letting the water hit her face and down her chest. 

"Ah, that feels great."

I grabbed my loofah and put some shower gel on it, lathering up Alex's chest. She looked at me from underneath her lashes as I tended to her before she leaned in to give me a kiss. 

"Really, thanks for letting Nat come along on this trip, I know you were looking forward to having time to ourselves." I said as Alex put her arms over my shoulders as I scrubbed her abs. Her eyes fluttered shut in pleasure. "Of course." She said throatily. "I know how much she means to you. But I don't want to talk about her right now." She opened her eyes and gave me a smoldering look. She kissed me again, and I leaned into the kiss. I pressed my body up against hers and she growled. 

Alex traced my areola with her finger and I shuddered, feeling the sensation echo lower down. I ran my hands up and down her arms as she leaned in close, her finger traveling down my stomach. I bit my lip and she saw. "Where do you want my fingers?" She asked teasingly as she gave me small, light kisses that did nothing to satisfy my longing. I squirmed uncomfortably which only seemed to excite her more. 

"I want to hear you say it." She said in a seductive purr. "I want you to say you want me." 

"I do want you." I insisted as she drew circles around my thigh teasingly. "I want your fingers...inside me." I confessed. She looked up into my eyes, arousal darkening her eyes. 

"And you will." She said, pressing me up against the shower wall, pressing her leg between mine. I let out a happy grunt as she palmed my pussy in one smooth motion. I was always impressed by how confident she was when it came to sex, the movements came so natural for her. I clenched her leg between mine and as she rubbed my folds. Her tongue prodded my lips and I opened my mouth to allow her access. At the same time she pressed her fingers into me and I let out a heavy moan. 

"Fuck, Alex." I couldn't help but let out the expletive. My blood pounded in my head as she thrust in and out of me. With her free arm she pinned my arm up against the wall, speeding up her tempo with the other. I shut my eyes as my body tensed, waves of pleasure traveling up my body to my head. I thought of nothing else until finally the waves hit a peak and I came, clenching tight around Alex's fingers. I opened my eyes to see her panting, a look of satisfaction on her face, water trailing down her face in rivulets. I brushed her messy hair away from her face once she let go of my arm. She tossed her hair back, and licked her fingers. My clit throbbed at the sight. "You taste so fucking good." She said, savoring me. I ran my hands through her hair, eager to return the favor. 

"Let's get out of the shower before we run out of water." Alex said, turning off the water. We grabbed some towels and headed out to the bedroom. I spread one of the towels on the bed and we climbed ontop, our bodies pressed together, Alex on the bottom, me on top. Alex wrapped one of the towels around my head to stop my hair from dripping on the two of us. 

"Now, lay back." I said to her, pushing her down onto her back. "Close your eyes." She raised an eyebrow but did as I asked. I parted her legs and she smiled as I made myself comfortable between them. 

I kissed her dark curls before moving downwards to her folds, lapping at them slowly. Alex let out a happy sigh. I breathed lightly on her clit and even this was enough to cause her to arch her back wantonly. I put my mouth on her and she squirmed freely as I used my tongue to lap at her hot center. "Oh fuck that feels good." She moaned, grabbing my hair. I continued more urgently as I felt her tense and soon her juices were flooding my mouth. 

She pulled me up to her and we kissed. "I want more." She murmured, nuzzling my cheek. 

"And so you will have it." I said, pushing her back down on the bed.