 "Watch out for the muddy areas, guys." I said as we headed off towards a new trail. I thought about how strange it was that Nat and I had the same noise happen to us. When we asked Alex, she said she had not experienced the sound. 

It was quiet as we walked down a new path, following behind Alex. A stillness that seemed to settle into all of us. Our feet were silent on wet leaves and sodden, limp twigs. Before I knew it, we were high up on a hill, looking down at a gorgeous view. I could see the river in the distance as it wound away from us, and the rest was almost fuzzy with trees. 

"Would be great to have some tea right now... With some fancy scones." Nat commented.

"Scones ARE delicious." Alex agreed. 

"Yeah, especially with some butter and honey..." Nat closed her eyes.

"And a nice earl grey tea." I chimed in. With the cool breeze it wasn't too hard to long for a warm beverage. We walked along the trail some more until Nat stopped us. "Guys I'm going to head back." She said. 

"Everything alright?"

"Yeah...the coffee is making its way through me. Alright byeeee." She turned around and left abruptly. 

I watched her until she turned a corner and disappeared from view. When I turned around Alex had a grin on her face. "Alone at last." She took my hand and we continued along the trail in blissful silence. 

"You seem different." I commented after a while.

"Oh?"

"There's a strong energy to you, you seem more alert." I said. Even her grip on my hand seemed much stronger than usual. 

" Must be the fresh air." She pulled me over to a fallen tree, taking a seat and pulling into her lap. I caressed the sharp contours of her face, familiar with every line and curve. She kissed my fingertips, her dark brown eyes smoldering. 

"There has been significantly less sexual action than I was expecting on this trip." She murmured, and her voice resonated in my own chest. 

"Well let's do something about that." I said, giving her a kiss as I started to stand up. I was yanked down by Alex's hand firmly grasping the back loop of my jeans.

"Yes. We should." She said kissing me on my neck. I kissed her back, only stopping when I felt her hand on my jean button. 

"Alex!" I said with a mortified laugh, putting my hands on hers to stop her.

"Why not? There's no one else around."

She silenced my protests with more deep kisses as she pulled down the zipper. I bit my lip but didn't stop her. She looked exceptionally sexy today with her hair tied up in a ponytail, relaxed but also sensuous. 

I let out a gasp of surprise when I felt her fingers rubbing against my panties her gentle touch causing the nearby area to clench in anticipation. She continued giving me kisses. I felt her pull my pants down further so she could have easier access to my panties. I leaned back to enjoy the feeling, the crisp morning air bringing relief to my blushing cheeks. I leaned over to brush a stray strand of hair that had escape from Alex's ponytail. Her brow was creased in concentration, and I stroked her cheek loving. She locked eyes with me as I felt her push my underwear to the side and her index slide purposely into me. I let out a sigh of contentment. It felt like there had been an increasing tension all up to that point and this moment, with Alex inside me, was finally right. She kissed me again, hard. I knew she was curling her finger inside me, not from the actual sensation, but from the sudden longing and arousal that came from being stimulated that way. 

We had been together long enough that she knew this action would soon start driving me mad with lust. And sure enough, pretty soon I was riding her hand, begging her to add more fingers. 

"Of course, my love." She breathed, thrusting two more fingers into me. I no longer cared that my bare bottom and pussy was exposed in this wide open area, with the flowers everywhere, birds singing and the bright sun shining down on us. All I wanted was my girlfriend to fuck me until I came. She laid me down on the trunk so she could start thrusting her fingers into me. 

"Oh ya, fuck that feels good." I said as Alex fucked me with her hand. I played with my clit with one hand as I felt myself clench tighter and tighter until finally, I hit my peak, squeezing hard on Alex's hand, over and over. I gasped as the waves of pleasure washed over me, enjoying the breeze on my hot body, Alex kissing me while my pussy continued to pulsate around her digits. She removed her hands and I let out a small sound of protest. She usually let me bask in the afterglow with her inside me long than that. 

She hushed me as she got down, her head between my legs. Oh god, I thought to myself as I felt her give me a nice long lick. I could just imagine the slippery, white mess of cum-like pussy secretions I had made down there and now Alex was eagerly lapping it up like it was some precious treat. My clit throbbed as I thought about it, all the while enjoying Alex's tongue probing my folds, getting every drop. I felt her warm breath on me as her lips pressed again my clit, taking me into her mouth. 

I gasped as she sucked me, my clit hardening to a point.

"Oh...yes..." I said deliriously, feeling myself reach that familiar and welcome high again. I came in her mouth as the birds sang praises to one another.

My mind was still woozy from the endorphins as we wandered back down the path back to the cabin, we were both giggly after what we had done and so I suggested that I go in first to wash up a bit and to make the situation less awkward. "Nat?" I called out once I was inside but didn't get a response. I went upstairs to the bathroom to freshen up. I wiped myself with a few pieces of toilet paper. Damn that girl could get me so wet. After that pounding, I'm sure every bathroom visit today would show evidence of my excitement. I flushed the toilet and washed my hands, fluffing my hair up a bit before I headed back downstairs. 

I could see the two girls outside the house, so I went outside to join them. "Whatcha looking at?" I asked, frowning when I saw the serious looks on the two girls. There, close to the driveway in the dirt still wet from today's rain, was a large, dark, paw print.

**

"There are wolves in this area, but they keep to themselves, they've never bothered us. This one was probably just curious." Alex said. We were all sitting around the kitchen table, in a quasi-summit meeting style. 

"It's just...that paw print looked so large." Nat said, her unease apparent on her face. "It looked more like maybe a bear or something." 

Alex had no response to that, she only rubbed her chin thoughtfully. "No, it was definitely a wolf's, the shape of the print shows it. If it had been a bear's that would've been more troubling. But we haven't seen any in this area." Alex stood up, signaling the end of the conversation. We stood up more hesitantly, but Alex's confidence in the issue was reassuring. 

"Come on, we're here to have fun aren't we?" She said, in an uncharacteristically peppy voice and a large smile on her face. "Who wants shots?" 

A few shots of tequila later and the wolf print seemed very silly indeed. We played board games on the patio, in full view of the woods. 

Nat had brought Cards against Humanity, her favorite game. Although our group was small, she insisted we played it still. Each of us had two hands instead of one just to make it more interesting. Alex was already laughing at her cards when Nat had finished dealing them. "Oh my god." She said, closing her eyes and putting her head in her hand. Nat and I exchanged excited looks, eager to see what sort of nonsense we had in store for us. 

"Okay, let me see." Nat gathered all the sets of cards and cleared her throat. She put on her best sleazy guy voice and said, "Hey baby, come back to my place and I'll show you..." she flipped a card over. "A big black dick." We all burst into giggles, partly from the joke and partly from Nat wiggling her eyebrows at us. "Ok not bad, not bad." she flipped the next card over. "A powerpoint presentation." More laughter as she mimed pushing glasses back up her nose while trying not to laugh. "And what's this one?" She flipped another card over. 

"Harry Potter erotica."

Our laughter echoed in the yard, as we enjoyed ourselves, unrestrained from making as much noises as we possibly wanted. 

"Alright, alright." Alex said with a chuckle after a couple of rounds. "It's time for some food." We followed her inside to start preparing lunch. We all agreed burgers were a good idea so Alex started up the grill outside while Nat and I prepared the condiments. 

"This is nice." Nat said as she started cutting onions. I was preparing the tomatoes and looked up. "What, the onions?" I said, raising an eyebrow. 

"No, silly. This place, the cabin. And being with you guys." She said with a small smile. "I didn't expect this. It's kinda awesome." 

"I'm glad." I said with a grin. "And Alex seems to be enjoying your company too." 

Nat wiped at her eyes. 

"Oh." I walked over to hug her and she accepted the hug. 

"Thanks. No, that really was the onions that time." 

"Oh." 

After lunch we laid around feeling quite stuffed from all the food. Nat was fighting to keep her eyes open while sitting on the deck chair and Alex was sitting at the wooden barbeque table and playing with the ketchup bottle while looking out into the woods. I joined her, and she glanced over briefly at me with a smile. She left the ketchup bottle alone to hold my hand with her left hand. I snuggled up to her and she kissed the top of my head. We watched a squirrel run across wet leaves to a spot near a tree. It dug into the dirt furiously until it pulled out something. It seemed to look up over at as for a moment while clutching the dirt covered...nut? It made an angry chirp at us before putting the nut in its mouth and dashing up a tree. We chuckled. 

I went inside to use the washroom. I headed over to the kitchen to get a glass of water. I sipped it as I looked out the window. It was hard to get used to, the peaceful scenery, the relief from studying, taking notes, textbook reading... I sighed and rinsed out the empty glass, stretching my arms out. I could get used to this. 

I walked out onto the patio and scrunched up my forehead in confusion when I saw no one there. All the dirty dishes and cutlery were still lying around so I was certain they hadn't gone inside yet. So where were they?

"Guys?" I called out. Maybe they had spotted something interesting. Or maybe went for a walk? It seemed a little strange for them to leave without telling me. I spotted some movement in the trees and started jogging over. "Nat? Alex?" I saw movement in the distance, a black sweater moving in the distance. I started to jog over. "Nat?" I didn't seem to be getting any closer to my friend and so I called out again. I wondered if she was listening with headphones again and couldn't hear me. After a while I finally stopped, out of breath. The birds had stopped chirping, probably due to my yelling. Slowly the animals in the forest started to make noises again. I let out a sigh and turned around to head back to the cabin. I must've been mistaken.

I walked by a weird looking tree stump and chuckled to myself as it reminded me of an old lady. I continued ducking and stepping over branches as I made my way home. I tripped over a big rock and almost lost my balance. I stopped to catch my breath and saw the old lady stump again. Hmm... this wasn't right. How was it possible to get lost while walking in a straight line? It was ridiculous. I started running faster, but then had to stop when the surroundings became even more unfamiliar. Somehow, I had wandered over to a small lake I had never seen before. I sat down on a rock, feeling exhausted. I looked absently across the lake and froze.

I realized then, as I watched the large black creature drink from the lake, that I hadn't been mistaken. I did indeed see something earlier. I stood up shakily, my eyes still fixed on the creature, on the large pointy ears, the immense size, muscles rippling underneath a jet-black coat. It stopped drinking and raised its head to look over at me. My stomach dropped. I started to back away slowly, my heart pounding. Just walk away, I thought to myself, don't make any sudden movements...every poster, every hiking sign I had ever seen about bears echoed in my head. Don't run, don't run. I turned around to look at the bear again. It was gone.