 AN: This is the last chapter of the Mirror Lake story. What did you guys think about the weekly uploads? If people like it I may incorporate it into my future stories. Thanks for reading and let me know what you think of the story in the comments! 

*****

I picked up my pace, now desperate to find my way home. I heard a branch snap behind me and I turned to look. There it was again, and this time it was definitely coming towards me. I realized now that I was mistaken. It was not a bear at all, but an enormous wolf. But it wasn't like any wolf I've ever seen. It made sense that I had mistaken it for a bear, the immense size, the large muscles...I couldn't believe my eyes. 

I turned around and started walking again, and I could hear it following me, almost lazily. I started to veer left, into an area with large bushes, hoping that I had just been in the way. A few minutes passed and I breathed a sigh of relief until I heard the distinct sound of movement as the wolf brushed up against branches and leaves. I looked back and saw the bear again, this time even closer. I was being stalked. My breath caught in my throat as the horror of the situation caught up to me. Oh god. Oh god. My body felt numb as my feet continued to stumble across leaves and branches. My eyes scanned the area, looking for a place to hide, or a tree to climb, anything. The trees around me were short and had very few branches, they would be of no use to me. Then I spotted a familiar boulder. I was going the right way! 

Instinctively I broke into a run, flying over terrain in my desperate attempt to reach the cabin. I could hear crashing noises behind me in the bush. I could see the cabin in the distance, I was almost there. Then it hit me. I let out a shriek as I hit the ground. Pain exploded in my chest and I saw stars. For a moment all I could think of was the excruciating pain. When it faded my mind registered a cold nose pressing against the back of my neck, sniffing me. I could feel the heavy fur on my body. I couldn't move, I was frozen in shock. I shut my eyes. I could hear the bear breathing loudly, the sounds reverberating in my own chest. I could smell its hot breath, humid and surprisingly, with a scent of raspberries. I felt a hot, wet tongue against the back of my neck and I let out a whimper. The licking stopped. The heavy fur moved away, and then the bear started to move away. I could hear it rustling branches and snapping twigs further and further away. 

I lay there, listening to the absolute silence of the forest. The first chirp of a bird was like a signal. Soon the forest was flooded with bird songs again. And still I laid there, afraid of moving a single muscle. After a while I felt my body start to cramp from being stiff for so long. I pushed myself up and grimaced in pain. Small rocks had embedded themselves into my palms, and I was bleeding. Seeing them made the pain more pronounced and I let out a small sob. My chest still hurt from when I fell, I knew I would have bruises. But still...I was alive! I stumbled to my feet, and staggered back to the cabin. I gingerly opened the patio door and walked inside. "Nat? Alex?" I called out. 

"Where have you been?" Alex walked over, surprised. "How did-" I clasped her in a heavy hug, breaking down and crying. 

"What..." Alex hugged me back, soothing me. "Hey...it's ok." She led me to the couch so I could sit down. "Your hands..." She frowned and got up, immediately going to the kitchen. She returned with a first aid kit. As she cleaned off my hands I told her about the bear. "Well I'm glad you're ok." She said with a sigh of relief, hugging me again. 

"Where's Nat?" I asked. 

"I'm...not sure." She said uncertainly. She had showered recently; her hair was still damp and I could smell the powerful scent of shampoo on her. Shampoo...and raspberries. I broke away from her, horrified. 

"What's wrong?" She asked, hurt. 

"Nat!" I called out. "NAT!!" I ran downstairs into the basement where her room was. I flung open the door and screamed. Nat was sitting on the blood-stained carpet, clutching her arm and staring off into an empty corner of the room. Even with her hand covering most of the arm I could see a large gash that was dripping blood onto her jeans. There was so much blood. Nat looked pale. She looked up at me. "The wolf." She said in a weak whisper. I heard a gasp behind me. I whirled around to see Alex staring at Nat, horrified. 

"Give me the keys, we're getting out of here." 

"I..." Alex looked over from Nat to me. 

"GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS!" I yelled. I had no idea what was going on, but I knew Alex was somehow behind this, had hurt my friend. It made so much sense now, why she had invited Nat on our romantic weekend, why she had been so nice to her this whole time... I exploded, shoving her hard. Alex let out a surprised cry as she fell. 

I dove down to grab the keys in her pocket but she grabbed my wrists. We struggled on the ground. She was stronger, but I was desperate. I lunged forward and my head struck hers. When she let go my fists started flying, striking her in the face. Finally, she went limp and I dug the keys from her pocket. 

"Let's go, Nat." I walked over to my friend. The gash in her arm was deep and horrible looking. Fighting back nausea, I pulled off my hoodie and gingerly wrapped it around her arm. Still she let out a pain-filled cry that made my heart ache. I helped her up and she stood shakily, stood cradling the arm. "Come on, let's go." I helped her walk up the stairs and I turned around to check on Alex. She was still lying there. We made our way outside to the jeep. 

"We'll just get you to the hospital and it'll all be ok." I said, mostly just reassuring myself at this point. 

"Jessie..." I heard Nat say as I struggled to put the key in the lock. 

"Damn lock." I wriggled the key, trying to get it into the keyhole. 

"Jessie..."I heard Nat say again. 

"What? What is it?" I saw her pointing and followed her gaze. In the distance, dark figures watched us. My mind counted five wolves silently standing there. "Get in the car." I said in a low voice. Finally, the jeep unlocked and I pushed Nat inside, shutting the door. They made no movement. I walked carefully around to the driver's side and got in. I started the engine and we reversed out of the driveway, made a turn and started driving back down the road. The whole time I was bracing myself for something to happen, for the wolves to make any sort of movement. But they did nothing. Still, we drove silently for another ten minutes before I breathed a sigh of relief. 

The rest of day passed like a blur. The questions the nurse asked me at the emergency room were hard to avoid, I told them the most I could, that Nat was attacked by a wolf at my friend's cabin, I had rushed here to get her treated. It was only then that I guiltily confessed that I had left my girlfriend there without a car. But there was no way I was going back there. The nurse agreed and suggested I call wildlife control. More questions by an annoyingly skeptical gruff-sounding man over the phone and finally I could rest. I closed my eyes and fell fast asleep. 

Classes started again, and I returned to my normal life. Or what was left of it. I immediately asked for a transfer to another dorm room in another build and after several frustrating talks with the administration, it was finally approved. Two days later, another person from the wildlife control center called me back, informing me that they had found no one at the cabin and no evidence that there were any traces of wolves around the immediate area. I hadn't heard from back from Alex and I hadn't seen her on campus, either. Nat took the semester off and went home. I missed her dearly and she wasn't responding to any texts I sent her. The campus Safewalk program really got a workout from me; I never walked back to my dorm alone at night.

Because I'm afraid. Because every night this week I've been feeling a pull inside my body, something I've never felt before. Tonight, found myself outside, staring at the moon, the almost full moon glowing brightly down at me. The urge overwhelmed me. I threw back my head and howled.

End