 She woke with a start. Sweat dripping from her body. She was sore and she didn't know for sure if she could move. Someone had put clothes back on her. The surface underneath her was hard, cold and uncomfortable. She sat up, blinking rapidly as the the light hit her eyes. It burned horribly! She closed them shut again and covered them with her hand.

Peeking through a tiny crack in her fingers, she saw that she was laying on the floor of some living room and the sun was coming through a huge window. She got up, stumbling on weak legs. She hurriedly pulled the curtain shut, blocking the sun.

Finally she could see. She didn't know where she was or who had brought her here. Her parents were probably freaking out. She started walking around, looking for any information as to where she might be. She saw no pictures, no papers, nothing.

Suddenly a door slammed down the hallway and Amira jumped. Aiden came into the living room and she couldn't believe how just the sight of him made her knees weak. When she looked at his face, everything came flooding back to her.

The pool. She remembered what happened. But she didn't know why he had bit her and she didn't know what was happening to her now. She had trusted him and he had seemed so genuine and wonderful.

He looked startled when he saw her standing there. He stopped in the doorway and his eyes got huge. She stood still waiting for him to do something. He walked toward her and she should have backed away but she just couldn't move.

"Amira, you have to let me explain." He said calmly.

"What?! You hurt me, then kidnap me and you expect me to let you explain?!" She screamed.

"I didn't mean to hurt you. I had to do what I did so that we could actually be together."

"What do you mean?" She asked confused but calm.

"Amira, I'm a....well not human."

"Not human? What are y-y...oh my. You can't be serious. Vampires aren't real."

"But we are Amira and I can't be with you unless you are just like me. That's why I did what I did."

"Aiden, how can I believe something like that?"

"You're going to have to trust me. You know I would never hurt you." He said, coming closer to her.

She should have pulled away from his but she just couldn't. His eyes were kind and soft and she felt herself melting all over again. He brushed the hair from her cheek and smiled, then kissed her forehead.

"Come on baby, you must be hungry." He said, taking her hand.

Now that he said it, she was very hungry. But she had a craving for something else. She wanted him right now. She wanted him to make love to her like she had never had someone do before but she didn't know why she was feeling that way. She stopped and he turned around looking concerned when she didn't come with him.

"What's wrong baby?"

She didnt answer him. Instead, she just came close to him and kissed him roughly. He was taken back at first but finally understood what she wanted. He pulled away from her and laughed. He took her hand and they made their way to his bedroom. She had to stop though, to admire the beauty of the huge room.

The walls were dark red and looked to be made from satin. The carpet was either a deep, deep red or black, she couldn't tell. Only one window was in this room and she liked it that way as it was covered by a black velvet curtain. The armoir, end tables, and desk were all black wood and intricately carved. 

The bed was a story all on it's own. It was huge, at least a queen size, if not a king. Dark charcoal wood rose up above it, covered in red mesh, making a canopy. The bedding was deep velvety red like that of a red velvet cake and also the carpet. The comforter looked soft and the sheets silky. It was gorgeously decorated with red and gold pillows.

Her mouth was hanging open, she knew, but she couldn't help it. It looked so inviting and she almost didn't want to mess it up. She felt Aiden's cool breath on her neck and that thought immediately escaped her mine. She had to have him before she died from temptation. He could sense her feelings and in an instant, they were both lying on the think comforter.

"Part of the vampire powers, right?" She asked him, about how they moved so fast.

"Just the beginning of them my darling. You have them too. You just didn't realize it." He told her, barely breathing beside her.

She attempted to hold her breath, realizing that she didn't actually need to breath. She smiled at him and moved closer, feeling the warmness, or well warmness to her. To anyone else, he would have felt like an ice cube. In a quick second she had the blanket pulled to the end of the bed and was straddling Aiden's hips as he lay flat on the bed.

He thought she looked delicious enough to eat, her dark curls falling delicately across her shoulders. But there was nothing delicate about the way she looked at him now. The deep carnal hunger coursing through her veins. He could tell that it was taking all of her strength, which is an immense amount, to not just hurry through it. She wanted to take her time and enjoy it. At least now he knew that he wouldn't hurt her.

She couldn't resist it any longer. She slid her shirt over her head and enjoyed the look of lust on Aiden's face. Her beautiful breasts rested nicely in her red, lacey bra, the nipples barely peeking over the tops. She moved her fingers to the buttons on his shirt. Each time, undoing one and kissing the skin. She repeated that step for every button and admired the beauty of his body. His skin was soft but there wasn't a part of his body that was at that point.

She pushed his shirt off of his shoulders and down his arms, tossing it over the side of the bed. He smiled up at her and reached up, caressing the toned muscles of her abdomen. His hands slid down over the sweet curve of her ass, which was perfectly round and not too big.

He moved up to the clasp on her bra and undid it, pulling it down her arms and tossing it with his shirt. Her breasts were unbelievably beautiful. The skin was smooth and creamy, perfectly delectable. He brought her body to his and kissed her passionately. His tongued snaked his way into her mouth, sucking her tongue back into his.

He moved away from her mouth and moved them both quickly so that she was on the bottom. His tongue drifted from her mouth, down across her jaw line and to her neck. She whimpered underneath of him as he sucked her skin. She felt his sharp teeth against her skin but didn't scream in pain when he bit her. She was screaming in ecstasy.

His teeth punctured her skin and a little of her human blood that was left, flooded his mouth. He moaned in pleasure as he tasted it. HE pulled away from her neck to look at her face. She leaned toward him and licked the blood from the corners of his mouth. She had a look of want on her face and he couldn't take waiting anymore.

He moved over her body, hooking his fingers in waistband of her jeans, pulling them down as he went. He pulled them off all the way and tossed them over to their growing pile of discarded clothes. Her panties came next and he felt the dampness of the crotch as he slid them off. In a quick moment, had had his own pants off and snuggled up to her, their bodies both nothing but skin.

He kissed her neck again as he moved his hand over her breasts, pinching each stiff nipple. His hand kept going down her body, over her flat tummy, tickling her lightly. She laughed at him but didn't tell him to stop. She wanted his hand to keep going. And of course it did.

He brought his hand to the juncture of her thighs and rubbed slowly over her skin. It was warm to him and the wetness was incredible, showing her arousal. He looked up at her face as she had her eyes closed. He couldn't take the torture.



"Amira, I'm sorry. But I just can't prolong this. I have to have you. Now." He told her.

Before she could respond he was kneeling between her legs, his erection at full attention. She couldn't believe the size of it but it really didn't matter at that point. She urged him on. She had to have him inside her or she was going to scream.

He obeyed and placed the tip of his cock at the slit in her pussy, rubbing it up and down. She was already enjoying it and he hadn't done anything. Her nails scratched his skin on his arm, making him know that she didn't like the teasing.

He stopped teasing her and roughly shoved his entire length into her tight pussy. She moaned loudly, almost screaming. He brought it back out so that just the head was inside, letting her calm down, and then shoved it all the way in again. After a couple more times, he finally settled into a steady rhythm. 

He pounded into her, something that would have hurt a normal person and left them bruised, but she didn't even feel the pain. Her back was arching up off the bed with every thrust. Her body was about a thousand degrees, or so it felt. She moaned and screamed underneath him and he took that as a sign to keep going.

He started pounding into her harder, gripping her breasts for leverage. She was moaning his name every time he shoved into her and he could tell she was close to cumming. He took one hand from her breasts and touched her clit. The moment his hand touched it, she screamed loudly and her body convulsed.

He could feel her juices wetting his cock even more. He could smell the sweetness of her pussy juice. The smell alone was driving him insane and the look on her face is what threw him over the edge. He pounded her pussy harder as he started to cum, stopping when it shot deep into her. It was a good thing he didn't really need to breath.

Neither of them even felt worn out. He laid down beside her and she smiled over at him. They should have felt like they had just run a marathon but both of them were calm. 

"God, that was amazing. I could go again." She told him, smiling devilishly.

"Good, cause we have nothing else to do." He answered her.

He moved his body back over hers but she wasn't having that. She moved them lightening fast so that she was on top this time. Her strong body lowered herself onto his forever hard cock and she rode him into another wave of ecstasy.