 Jenny had come to the conclusion that she should have listened to her gut instincts about her apartment—the rent was too low for the size and neighborhood, and she should have known there was a catch. But, it was rent controlled and in an amazing neighborhood, so she told herself to forget childish fears. Even so, she'd thought about getting a roommate, or dog, in hopes that it'd help. In the end though, she told herself she was too old to believe in monsters. 

Still she couldn't shake the feeling of eyes watching her from darkened corners. At first she passed it off as nerves. This was her first apartment all to herself, she was bound to get a little weird. As the months passed and the feeling didn't, it got harder and harder to convince herself that it was just her imagination. It was never there when she looked, but as she lay there in the dark she could hear it moving, hear it breathing. She could feel it tug at her blankets and its weight on the bed next to her. Still, even when she could sense it looking at her, its face just inches above hers, its breath hot on her skin—she'd open her eyes and it would be gone. 

And, maybe she was just lonely, but it seemed to her that it wanted her. The idea was insane. More so than the idea that there was some sort of monster that lived under her bed. But, possibly even crazier was the fact that the more Jenny thought about it the less scared she became. The monster, whatever in was, had found its way into her dreams. Innocuous dreams at first, but only at first. She dreamt about the monster touching her, invading her, taking her. The monster was becoming her fantasy, and last night she'd felt it touching her. She'd felt the thing touching the inside of her thigh, inching higher, and she'd wanted it to continue, but she opened her eyes and it was gone. 

So, tonight as she was getting ready for bed, Jenny decided to give in to her silly fantasy. She was certain nothing would happen and she'd feel stupid in the morning, but it seemed the best way to get past the whole thing. The hallway light was on, but the room was dark. In the dimness she could hear movement under the bed. She could feel the monster watching her as she stripped down, and she thought dimly that she should be ashamed of the dampness growing between her legs. 

Jenny climbed into bed and pushed the covers down so that she could lay with her naked body exposed. She caressed her breasts; then slid a hand down over her stomach and between her thighs, fingertips sliding between the lips of her already wet pussy to find her clit. She rubbed gently, closing her eyes tight, waiting for her monster to come out from under the bed. 

She could hear it move at the foot of the bed. She could feel the monster looming there watching her, and Jenny fought to keep her eyes closed. She felt weight at the foot of the bed and spread her legs invitingly, moving her hand away. Something touched the inside of her thighs and then she felt something against her pussy, what felt like a tongue slipped in, finding her clit. It licked and sucked and slurped making Jenny moan loudly. Then her monster stopped and grabbed her about the waist and pulled her forcefully closer. It pushed her legs apart, opening her up and thrust into her sopping cunt.

Jenny cried out, as she felt her pussy being filled and stretched with her monster's cock. Its hands found her breasts and rubbed its palms over them, thumbs rolling over her erect nipples and making her moan. Its caress was rough and Jenny whimpered pitifully as the thing twisted at her nipples. She kept her eyes shut tight afraid to open them or even speak for fear it would all be over. And she didn't want it to be over.

Its efforts doubled, as Jenny climbed to orgasm; then slowed as she came down. She lay there limply and for a few minutes everything was still. Then, the monster's weight shifted and it grabbed her by her shoulders, pulled Jenny up onto her knees, it took one of her hands and wrapped it around its cock, still wet from her pussy and still rock hard. Jenny sunk her hungry mouth on it, stretching her lips around the thick shaft and bobbed eagerly as the taste of her pussy filled her mouth. Finger's twined desperately it her hair. The monster never said a word, but she could hear how the thing breathed, heavy and panting, and knew she was giving it what it wanted.

Jenny was a little sad when the monster pushed her away and she hadn't made it cum. But the thing turned her away and she felt her stomach fill with nervous anticipation. It had seen her play with herself countless times and knew exactly what she wanted. It was going to fuck her ass. The ass she'd never let a single guy fuck or finger even though she loved the way it felt when she shoved her thick vibrator inside it. 

Hands caressed her cheeks. Fingers slid down her crack and brushed against her pussy. They pushed in, getting slick with her juices, and then pulled out, finding her tight asshole. First a finger circled around, making her squirm then slowly pushed in. Jenny breathed out trying to relax herself, and covered her face with her hands, refusing to open her eyes and stop what her monster was doing to her. She wasn't sure, but thought she heard it laugh. 

It worked two fingers in, then three, and Jenny was imagining what it was going to feel like to have her tight asshole stretched wide by her monster's massive cock. There was a sudden emptiness as its fingers pulled out and she could feel wetness dripping down her thighs as she panted in anticipation. First she felt the tip of the thing's cock pressed against her asshole, and then it pressed slowly in. Jenny buried her face in her pillow as the head stretched her entrance. Her breath was harsh and ragged as her monster pushed in slowly, filling and stretching her ass, and just when she thought she couldn't possibly handle anymore she could feel its pelvis pressed against her ass. 

At first the rhythm was slow, but built fast, until the thing was slamming in and out of her. Jenny could feel her monster's hands on her hips pulling her back with each thrust so that they met with a loud smack each time. Her breasts bounced and hard nipples rubbed against the sheets sorely. It pounded into her mercilessly, making her moan and scream as her monster built toward its own climax. With one final thrust the thing buried itself deep inside her and let loose a hot spurt of cum. Then it was gone and Jenny collapsed, panting, sore, bruised, and satisfied to the bed. 

Jenny could learn to live with this monster.