 HALLOWEEN CONTEST 2018 submission. Everything is made up from my own imagination and over 18. I hope you enjoy.

*

I felt rather than heard her as she approached my office window. The sorrow and sadness and misery that accompanies the loss of a loved one arrived at my office door before she did.

I suspected the arrival of a new customer when I heard the trolley on the tracks stop down the corner from my office. Some visited the cemetery across the street in the spring but now in the late fall those visits slowed down and it was usually clients looking for engraving or a grave marker. Or maybe something else.

I rose from my desk and peered down the street through my windows which said Everlasting Memorials. Down past the iron cemetery gates a woman dressed in the appropriate black dress and veil approached my building. I sat down at my desk and waited for her to arrive quickly adjusting my tie and suit. I didn't get many visitors this time of year. 

My door opened and a young blond woman approached my desk and I could now see how well she filled out that dress as I rose and held out my hand in my typical business greeting.

"Hello my name is Robert and how may I help you?" 

"Hello I am Anna. I am in need of a gravestone for my husband William. He passed just a few days ago." The beautiful young widow stated. The tears in her eyes barely concealed by the veil.

" I see. I'm very sorry for your loss. Do you have a budget in mind? Our stones begin at $50 engraved and go up in price depending on size and special features."

"All I have right now I'm afraid is my engagement and wedding rings." Anna sobbed slightly.

I was not surprised by this. She was young and the depression that had begun a year ago was still a struggle for many.

"That will be sufficient for a flat marker in the ground with his name and dates on it. I'm sorry that is the best I can do." I said. I was tiring of the charity I had needed to provide over the last year. Even though I really didn't need the money. 

"Unless what the gypsy told me is true. Is it?" She blurted out.

"What is it you have heard my dear?" I said to the young widow who was probably half my age at least.

"I have heard that you can resurrect the dead. Is it true?" She said with hope in her eyes.

I had seen this look before. Many times.

"Why would you want to bring your husband back? It's not natural to bring back the dead."

"For our daughter. She is sick and needs an expensive doctor and treatment to get better. Only my husband knows where the money is to save her." She eagerly leaned forward in her chair for my response.

"How did your husband die" I asked. "He was young I assume."

"The official cause of death was suicide but he was murdered." She said.

"If he committed suicide I cannot bring him back."

"It wasn't. He was poisoned by his boss at the bank for stealing money." She told me as she moved her veil back and for the first time I looked into her striking blue eyes.

"Why weren't the police involved?"

"They were involved. So were the mayor and everyone else. It was the bootleggers money they were laundering in the bank. Everyone gets a piece of the action. When they found out and he wouldn't tell them he was poisoned and it was made to look like suicide." She looked down in shame after she told me the story.

"My husband never told me where the money is so I need him back to ask him. Please help me. No one else will. My daughter is all I have now." She lowered her head into her hands and began to sob.

"I can help you if what you say is true. but you must not question what I tell you to do or it will not work. I will then carve your husband's name into a stone in the yard with a death date 30 days from now. Only you will see him and feel his touch. He will seem very real but be assured he only lives in you. He will be able to tell you where the money is but only you can get it out of the hiding place. He will not be able to help protect you. If you accept these terms please sign here on the agreement."

I touched the amulet of the Aztec goddess Coatlicue under my shirt and began the chant silently in my head. I chanted this three times before I rose from the chair and walked over and locked the office door.

"Please take off your clothes now Anna." I demanded.

"Are you serious? I didn't know......."

"If you want him back do everything I say. I won't ask again." I shouted angrily. 

I watched as the young woman took off her hat and her beautiful mane of blond hair fell out. She was even more attractive than I had thought.

I could feel my cock begin to swell in my pants as I took in the sight of her. She reached back and shakily tried to undo the buttons of her black dress. She looked at me finding the courage to ask.

"Could you unbutton my dress?"

I nodded and walked over and began to do as she requested. Her beautiful flawless skin came into view as I undid one after another. I slid the dress over and exposed her shoulders and couldn't resist the urge to kiss her there. I felt her tighten and then relax as she remembered and accepted that she had to do what I said to get him back.

I stepped back and watched her turn as she began to pull down her dress and I couldn't believe my luck as I saw her medium sized breasts encased in her bra. Her dress then fell down over her narrow hips and I took in her garters supporting her black hose. 

Anna tried to be strong and not shy as she boldly looked at me for approval. I guessed no man other than her husband had ever seen her naked.

"You are beautiful Anna." I said. "Please leave on the garters and hose but remove your panties."

She dropped her panties and I saw that she had light blond pubic hair between her legs. My favorite kind.

"Now please come over here and take off my belt and pants for me."

Anna hesitated for a minute before she came over and dropped to her knees and began to unfasten my belt. She then began to remove my pants and hesitated as she felt the second cock she had ever felt. She became uneasy as she took in it's size through my underwear.

I began to explain to her what was expected.

"Now Anna have you ever taken a man's cock into your mouth before?"

"No my mother raised me better than that." She hissed.

"Well after you remove my cock from my pants, and you WILL refer to it as a COCK, I want you to spit on it and lick it well. When and if I give you my life giving cum, you have to swallow every drop of it. There will be a larger than average amount. Just keep swallowing as it pours out. Understand?"

"Yes whatever I need to do I will for my family." Anna said as she nodded her head. I reached behind her and undid her bra and watched as her breasts fell out and her very erect nipples came into view. Obviously this both excited her and repulsed her.

"Now reach in and take out my cock and begin."

Anna tugged out my cock and awkwardly stroked on it as she moved her head toward it and took her first few tentative licks for the first time of a man's cock."

She looked up. "Your penis is so big and hairless."

"I keep it shaved for my job. To make it easier to swallow my load. And it's a cock Anna, Remember?"

As I had suspected she quickly began to enjoy her task and I rose to my full girth as her smooth young face and lips started to take my cock farther and farther into her mouth.

"I want you to finger yourself Anna and pull on your nipples as you suck me Anna."

She nodded her head and I was surprised as I felt a warm sensation as her breast milk hit my thigh when she tugged on her nipple. I suspected she was still nursing her daughter.

As my seed built in my loins I felt my age diminishing. My gift for bringing others to life was becoming younger myself. A young girl like Anna, the youngest I had every helped, would take me back many years. I reached under my shirt and rubbed the golden Aztec amulet and felt it begin to pulse.

"Oh my god what is that feeling?" Anna cried as my pre-cum began to warm her. I had neglected to tell her that she would experience euphoria also from swallowing my load. My precum was now affecting her. She would do anything I asked. she was mine. I enjoyed her mouth and exploration of my cock for the next several minutes.

I felt her begin to shake as I watched her stop rubbing her clit and begin to thrust her fingers in and out of her pussy. Her milk once again sprayed onto my thigh and down onto the floor.

I reached down and grabbed her hair and began fucking her mouth now. My big dick going down to the back of her throat. She began to gag and I allowed her a chance to catch her breath due to her inexperience in sucking cock.

It usually took me a very long time to come when the old women came and sucked my cock. Although they appeared to me as beautiful young women, as old as they were at their marriage, I knew better. There was no mistaking the feel and energy of a young woman and it didn't happen often. I could feel the explosion coming as my balls pulled up tight and my legs tightened.

"Get ready Anna," I said. "Here it comes."

I tightened my grip on her head and thrust her down hard on my cock. Not only for my own pleasure but to help her to swallow it and not spill any of the precious life giving seed. I looked down at the surprise in her beautiful eyes as the head of my cock hit the back of her throat and she saw me now as a young man. I lifted up on my toes when I felt the first shot of cum burn fiercely from my cock and the globs slipped down her throat.

Anna resisted at first but as the cum entered her she felt a euphoria that no drug known to man could provide her. She went from resisting it to urgently swallowing and wanting more as wave after wave of sperm washed out of me. It had been a long time and there was a lot of it.

I began to pull my softening cock out of Anna's mouth and she fought me. Now she wanted more.

She got up slightly and fell back into the oak chair and spread her legs and continued to finger her pussy as she came down from her incredible orgasm. My soft cock thickened slightly as I looked down at her glistening golden pussy encased in her black hose and garter. It was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen, and I'd seen many over the centuries.

"Please fuck me now Robert!" She pleaded with a look of desperation in her eyes.

I then said one of the hardest things I had ever had to say.

"Go back to your daughter and await your husband. He will return by the end of the day. I wish you the best of luck."

I watched her put on her dress and again kissed her on the shoulder as I buttoned her up. She spun and kissed me and I kissed her back deeply before I reluctantly pushed her away.

"Please go." I said firmly.

"I think I understand. Thank you." She said as she turned and left the office. 

I then picked up my tools and went to the lot in the back where I kept my inventory and began to carve his name into the stone and a death date of 30 days from that moment. I then took the amulet and rubbed it across the face. The deal was sealed. Soon her husband would once again walk the Earth.

I took her rings and threw them into my safe along with the hundreds of others I had acquired.

A week or two had gone by and although I thought of her often I made no move to visit or hear from Anna. I was polishing the headlights of my Auburn Boat tail speedster when I looked up and saw her at the door of my garage.

"Beautiful automobile. How have you been?" She asked.

"Hi Anna I didn't think I would see you again. What brings you here?"

Anna was wearing a pretty yellow dress now and I took in her long slender body trying not to remember her as I saw her last down on my cock. although that was an image I would forget anytime soon.

She walked over and ran her hand down the length of my car hood and then replied.

"I need your help again."

"Are you being followed? Is William here with you?"

I knew the answer to the second question. I could feel his presence. I was trying to feel her out.

"I may be being followed. They still want the money back. And no my husband is with my daughter with the little time he has left."

So she was lying to me. I wondered what her game was.

"How can I be of service again? I can only bring him back once." I declared.

"I need help getting the money." She said. "My husband hid it in the cemetery."

I thought for a moment and asked.

"So why do you need me?"

"It is locked inside the Cushing Family vault. I don't have a key. If you help me get it out I can give you more money. My husband dropped it down through the air vent. Can you please help me? You must have a key."

"Anna I don't need the money."

"Please can you please? I don't know who else to turn to."

"Come back tonight at midnight. Walk down the path from town. Make sure no one is following you and I'll see what I can do." I said hopefully. "Maybe I can help you."

"Thank you," she said and she leaned forward and kissed me intimately on the cheek. "Thanks for everything you are too kind."

That day I borrowed the large key from the cemetery office saying I needed to do some repairs to the masonry inside the crypt and then waited patiently at my office. Maybe when all this is done...... I didn't know how this girl above all the others was getting to me. I guess I was infatuated. But I knew the rules of my curse and I would not break them.

The day passed slowly as I paced back and forth in my office and waited for the night to come. The large clock on the wall chimed out the 12 bells and I began to think she wasn't coming. Just then I heard a tiny knock on the back door. I opened it quickly and ushered her inside.

"Sit down on the floor." I said as I went outside and walked around the grounds and looked to see if she was followed. The night was pitch black and I didn't feel the presence of anyone. Even her husband.

"Where is your husband?" I asked.

"Don't you remember the date, it's Halloween October 31st? William wanted to spend his last night with our daughter." Anna stated sadly.

I knew now that it was past midnight her husband was gone I could make her my own.

"Of course. I forgot. Let's go to the crypt now and get your money. You can take what you need and leave the rest in my office safe. It'll be protected there."

I opened the right hand drawer of my desk and took out a handgun just in case. I took Anna's soft hand and we crept slowly across to the woods beside my building. Seeing no one approaching we swiftly ran across the street and crawled over the granite wall of the cemetery. I knew the cemetery by heart but I still took the caution to zig zag back and forth and to wait behind headstones and listen to see if we were being followed.

Feeling the coast was clear we tiptoed up to the crypt and as quietly as possible I unlocked the padlock and pulled the large iron door open. I waited a long time to see if anyone heard it squeal as it opened. Neither Anna or I heard a sound.

We went in through the cobwebs of decades and between the coffins and rotting corpses. The smell of death was all around us. I searched all around the floor below the vent until I felt a canvas satchel heavy with the weight of a lot of cash. I picked it up and turned toward the door. As I walked toward and out the door I first saw Anna and then the gun being held to her head.

"I don't know if I should shoot you for not telling me about the money Robert or thank you for helping me get it back." The bootlegger laughed. "I hope you were going to kill this lying harlot once you got the money from her."

"As a matter of fact Leonard I was. If you just want to take the money and leave her with me I'll take care of it for you." I lied. "We can call it even."

Leonard the bootlegger thought for a moment and after he turned and spat on the ground. 

"No I think you should drop that gun out of your pocket before anything else while I think some more."

I took out the gun and considered shooting the bootlegger but I didn't want to risk Anna getting killed. I then threw over the money.

"Just what I thought you're sweet on this tart. You would have shot us both otherwise."

The bootlegger waved his gun as he pushed Anna toward me and ushered us back into the crypt.

"I'll admit Robert she's a good looking piece. I hope you enjoy her once or twice before you both rot in there."

I winced and Anna screamed as the door slammed shut and I heard the padlock click.

"Lawrence you can't just leave us here to die."

I listened to Anna sob. there was no one home to care for her daughter. I think the hardest thing I ever did was sit on that cold floor in the darkness for those few weeks with her in my arms wasting away as she died. Her beautiful scent gradually being replaced with the smell of decay. 

Eventually someone will need to get in here. Some heartbroken person will again find me. But here I still sit and wait as the seasons and years go by.

Slowly slipping into madness...