 "Hey, let's go explore that factory up on Jackson Street this weekend," I said.

"Okay Jessie, sounds fun," Silvia immediately replied. Sylvia was my best friend since middle school. We'd do everything together including going on adventures throughout the town, getting into questionable situations more often than not. "Maybe we'll find some broken glass or something."

"How about we up the ante a bit," Chris said, "I've heard that place is haunted. Let's go at night to make it extra spooky," he added with a mock-sinister wave of his hands.

And with that we decided to dedicate the next weekend to exploring the abandoned factory which had shut down the year before under mysterious circumstances. At least they were mysterious to me. I assumed someone knew why it closed, but why would I know? I was just a 18 year old high school student with two adventurous friends and a lot of free time.

As for my friends, Sylvia was a short energetic brunette whose D-cup breasts were my greatest envy. How I wished my chest were anything more than it's meager A! But then again, I wasn't too jealous. Sylvia had a kind of attractive energy about her making jealousy impossible. Instead I just wanted to be around her.

Chris was a more recent addition to our small cabal. Tall, blonde, and well-built, I suspected he only hung out with us so he could get into Sylvia's pants. But, he was interesting enough so I didn't begrudge him for joining us.

—————

We showed up that Saturday at the factory at 9 p.m. that night. It's high brick walls were broken in places, and there were more broken windows than intact ones. The fence around the drive entry had a sign stating "Keep out. Trespassers will be prosecuted." sign, but there was no one around to enforce such a statement. We vaulted over the fence and walked through the small parking lot to the front door.

Locked of course.

Fortunately there were other ways in. I took my flashlight and wrapped my coat around it, then did my best to brush away the broken glass from a nearby window frame.

"Who needs doors," I joked as I invited the others in before me. Sylvia gave me a sympathetic smile as she climbed in. Alright, maybe my joke was stupid.

We trudged down the hallway in near-darkness. The only light provided was from our flashlights which did surprisingly little to light the corridor. We did encounter some broken glass, but more surprising than that were the signs of life: someone had been here recently. Or at least, something had make the marks upon the walls.

"Come check this out," I said, stepping over to the wall and shining the light of my flashlight.

"Why would someone draw this?" Sylvia wondered aloud, "And what did they use to make the drawings? It almost looks like blood..." she trailed off with a small voice.

"Kind of hot though," Chris said, more to himself than to me or Sylvia.

He was right. It was kind of hot. Depictions of naked women and men engaged in the throes of passion, faces drawn with eerie accuracy and intense emotion, as well as intricate genitals complete with full penetration. The diagrams were large, they had to be in order to convey that level of detail, especially considering that Sylvia was right: it did look like it was drawn in blood.

Despite myself I found myself getting a bit turned on. It defied logic, with the horror of the medium and the very non-sexual setting, but something about it activated a more primitive part of my brain. I felt the need to tear myself away.

"Let's keep moving," I said, and quickly turned away grabbing both Sylvia and Chris with either arm, pulling them with me. They followed with easily enough, Chris shaking his head a little as if to clear his thoughts.

"Who drew this, do you think?" Sylvia asked.

"Could have been homeless people," Chris replied, "they're they types to live in a place like this."

"But why?" I said. "Something's strange here, you have to admit."

"... Yeah," he finally replied as we kept walking.

Up ahead I could see a larger room, what looked like the lobby of the building. I guessed that's where we would have entered had we gone in through the door. But as we neared the doorway, I looked around to see that Sylvia was no longer with us.

"Sylvia!" I called out.

No response.

I looked around behind us and she was behind about 15 meters or so, standing with a strange look on her face, her eyes closed.

Chris turned with me, "Sylvia, what are you doing?" he called out.

We hurried back to her, and I saw that her hand was down the front of her loose cargo pants, frantically rubbing her pussy in circles. Her eyes moved quickly back and forth under the lids.

"Sylvia! What's going on," I nearly shouted.

I shook her by the shoulders. She opened her eyes and for a moment they were completely white with no iris or pupil. Slowly she came back to her senses as Chris and I shared a worried glance. Her eyes rolled back down into their normal positions.

"What---what's going on?" she asked in a small voice.

"I don't know, that's what I want to ask you," I said.

"Sylvia, I don't know if this is some kind of prank or---" Chris started.

"No stop, it's not a prank I'm really scared," Sylvia cut him off, almost crying.

I let her fall into my arms. She slowly gathered herself.

"I think I know what happened, but you're going to think I'm crazy," she started.

"I don't think you're crazy. I think you're one of the most level-headed and intelligent people I know, and whatever you say now won't change that," I reassured her.

"I think I was just possessed by a ghost."

"A ghost!" Chris said in surprise, "There's no such thing."

"Not only that, but ... I was able to read its thoughts, a little. I think I understand this place," she looked up at me with big brown eyes. "This place thrives on sexual energy. It's why those diagrams were drawn on the walls. It's almost a kind of instruction for anyone who comes in here. If we want to see what this place really is..." she trailed off.

"We have to generate some sexual energy," I finished the thought.

"That's crazy. That doesn't make any sense at all. That's like something from a poorly written story," Chris contested. "You're just making this up, aren't you?"

"I'm..." Sylvia trembled in my arms, unable to finish the thought.

I was conscious of her breasts pressing into my chest, her nipples still very much erect from her activity before. Her breath was hot on my neck, and as I let myself get carried away with these thoughts, I could almost see past what was now clearly a disguise of ruin, to what the place actually looked like.

"I believe her," I said to Chris. "It's just a question of how committed we are to this adventure."

We were pretty close as far as friends went, although none of us had done anything sexual together (as far as I knew). It wasn't as though we were shy.

"I say we get some sexual energy up in here, and see how exciting we can make this night," I said with false confidence, trying to believe it would work for Sylvia's sake.

"I'm... not one to say no to a three-way," Chris started.

I gave him a look. "Why don't we start with masturbating."

"Yeah, I guess that works too," he said with a little grin.

Oh well, at least he's not calling Sylvia crazy. I was honestly worried for her, she looked so upset and so afraid of her idea being shot down. After all, Chris was right. It was crazy. But I trusted Sylvia.

To get things started, I slipped my hand down the front of my jeans and gave my pussy a light touch through the fabric. A shudder went through my body. Well, this place certainly had some kind of effect. All my sensations were amplified 10 times normal. I unbuttoned the top button on my pants and slid my hand inside. I was genuinely surprised to find myself soaking wet already. Still trying to set the mood a little, I gave a light moan, looking to Sylvia and Chris.

They were already getting into it, Sylvia had her eyes closed again and her pants pulled halfway down her thighs, rubbing under her panties with a tentative fury. She met my eyes and gave a little smile before reaching up and grabbing one of her breasts.

Chris to my right was looking at us both, obviously out of his element, but not wanting to be left behind, he reached into his pants and pulled out his penis. He was already fully erect I saw, and furthermore pretty well-endowed. I wasn't an expert or anything, but I was seeing at least 6 inches. He started stroking, obviously enjoying the show Sylvia and I were putting on.

I closed my eyes with the pleasure, still experiencing sensations much more strongly than normal. I pushed a few fingers inside my pussy, teasing the folds apart and rubbing my clit with my thumb. I reached up with my other hand and grabbed one of my breasts, not able to get a full handful, but I still was able to rub my nipple.

Thinking of Sylvia's breasts, I opened my eyes. She was sitting down, both hands hard at work between her legs. She had taken off her shirt and her hair hung down behind her and her breasts jiggled up and down as she put everything into the pleasure she was giving herself. She let out a gasp as her climax approached, turning into deep moans that she wasn't able to keep in any longer. But as I drew my gaze away from her (it's not like I'm into girls or anything, this place was just getting to me), I noticed something strange.

All around us I could see spirits, or what I assumed were spirits, which had been invisible before, and furthermore they were well illuminated, with light coming from who-knows where. All were vaguely human-shaped, and all were naked, although as I looked closer, they weren't all equally human-shaped. I saw what looked like a very short man with three dicks equally spaced on his torso like a triangle. I saw a woman, impossibly slender with breasts larger than her head. Kneeling beneath this woman was another woman, this one with six breasts like a dog, but all full and round. The six-titted woman was frantically kissing at the pussy of the large-breasted woman as she threw her head back.

And all around us were similar scenes, one man with vaginas where his eyes and mouth should be, a small flying man who appeared to be propelled by helicopter blades which were actually small penises. I looked away before I could get too close a look at that one.

They were all having some massive orgy, and as I looked my own sensations came to a full head, until it was too much and I came heavily and loudly, moaning and almost losing my balance as my body shuddered. Maybe I should have done like Sylvia and sat down.

When I regained my senses I saw Chris achieve his own orgasm, spraying his semen into the corridor a good few feet. Again I quietly admired his manhood, but quickly drew my eyes away. He was interested in Sylvia, I knew, and I didn't want to interfere.

As we all came back down, I realized that the spirits were slowly fading, until I could barely see anything, the old darkness resuming. I moved my hand down to just rest on my mound and apparently that was enough as I was quickly brought back to the spirit world. I saw Chris watching me and he brought his hand back to his still-hard dick. Sylvia stood up with unsteady feet and I grabbed her arm to steady her.

"What have we gotten ourselves into," she wondered aloud.

I was wondering the same, but I said "Let's find out."

Without another word, we walked forward, further into the building. We passed through the doorway into the lobby. The smell and sounds of sex were everywhere. It wasn't that the spirits weren't aware of us, but they were too engaged in their own activities to pay us much mind. My mind, and I was assuming the minds of my friends, was similarly occupied.

I was getting sucked into the energy of the place, my hand gently stroking up and down my pussy even without my will. I saw Chris and Sylvia in similar states, wetness literally running down Sylvia's legs. I saw that she had discarded her pants entirely and was now naked except for her panties. I looked down, and to my surprise so was I. I had absolutely no memory of taking off my clothes, much less taking off my bra, but yet I was nearly naked, and I had no idea where my clothes were. This frightened me a bit, but I was in such a state at that point not to care.

In a daze, the three of us continued forward. We were silent except for the occasional moan from Sylvia's lips.

I experienced several more orgasms as we were walking but they were more like afterthoughts, like it was just expected in a place like this and it would be more unusual were I not constantly masturbating as I was trying to walk. Occasionally spirits came up to me and wordlessly started embracing me or sucking on my breasts, like a toad-like man whose dick seemed as large as his entire body, but when they saw that our group was moving with purpose they fell away and let us continue.

Eventually, we entered a room which didn't look like it belonged in a factory at all. It had a high ceiling and arches with stone statues in the niches. I wondered whether we had somehow left the building altogether, but my thoughts were muddled and slow. I was unable to continue with the thought.

In the center of the room was a large creature. As opposed to the creatures we had seen so far which were for the most part no larger than humans, this one would have been hard-pressed to even fit through the hallways we had been walking down. Also as opposed to the spirits, which had been mostly sexually grotesque but not threatening, this creature was frightening. I was unable to speak as I looked up at its eyes filled with hate. It's hide was scaly and rough with open sores around the joints which looked like they might never heal. It had wings on its back but I doubted they could lift its mass off the ground. Maybe they were just for show. It's head was human, but instead of human eyes there was just blackness.

I saw Sylvia walk forward, gazing up at the creature's face. I saw the creature reach down with one hand, the fingers too long and too sharp to be mistaken for human. I saw the creature grab Sylvia, bring her up to its mouth, and bite her in half.

Just like that the spell was broken. My muddled thoughts instantly solidified, seeming to race to catch up to where they should be. Blood rained down from Sylvia's dismembered body, mixing onto the floor with what I now realized was a literal pool of blood that I was standing in. Shrieking, I leaped backwards and saw in the corner of my eyes Chris fall down as he started out of his daze. I ran over to him and grabbed his hand and we sprinted back the way we came in.

I realized though that I had no idea which way we had come in. I picked a door at random, but as I approached, the doorway was barred by smaller spirits, grinning horribly as they blocked our escape. I reached into my belt and pulled out my flashlight, swinging it at a short man with penises for arms and legs. The flashlight passed straight through the creature as if it wasn't there.

An idea flashed through my head. Without thinking, I pushed the dull end of the flashlight into my pussy, being grateful I had purchased a model small enough to fit, and pushed it in and out twice before calling it good. Was that enough to "charge" the thing with "sexual energy"?

I heard a sickening crunch as the now-damp flashlight collided with the same man, this time he collapsed and I was able to force my way through pulling Chris along behind me.

—————

We kept running for what felt like half an hour. As I slowed down, running out of breath, the reality of the situation began to catch up to me. I dropped to my knees and let out a sob of pure desperation. I looked at Chris to see him staring off in front of him with a blank look in his eyes.

"Chris, I don't think I can go on," I said.

No response.

"Chris, Chris!" I said, shaking his shoulders. He slowly turned his head to look into my face with a dead look. "Come on, we've got to focus on getting out of here."

He slowly gave a nod. I climbed to my feet and pulled him up.

Somehow, the fact that Chris was doing worse than I was made me more focused. I could deal with my feelings later. Right now, I had to get us out of here.

"There are fewer spirits here, maybe we're close to the exit," I said. No response from Chris. I gave up on trying to talk to him for now. Looking around, we were in a long hallway with evenly spaced doors on either side, all of them closed. I could see nameplates on some of the doors. I guessed we were in an office-like area.

I had no idea how to get out.

I saw several spirits around, a few of them even seemed like they were looking at us. I picked the least threatening and most human-like of them: a small girl in a white dress.

"Um, excuse me, can you tell us how to get out of here?" I asked.

Her head snapped to look directly at my face. She didn't say a word.

"We're... lost and I was hoping you could help us get out."

This time she responded, "I know how to get out."

I let out a sigh of relief, the tension partially draining from my body that I was able to at least communicate with one of these creatures. "Well, can you tell me the way? Just point and I can figure the rest out."

"Nothing for free in this place. I'll tell you, but you have to make an exchange."

It was frightening to hear such words come from a child, but I was starting to realize its appearance didn't mean much. "What kind of exchange? What do you need?" I was already dreading the answer.

"I'm frightened to go near the centre of this building, so it's a bit lonely out here," she began, "And, there are rules. I'm not allowed to even interact with you without a connection between us." She dropped her gaze at the last sentence, realizing that she had apparently broken a rule.

"What kind of connection? Can you be more specific?" I already suspected I knew the answer.

"I want to be fucked. I'm all alone here and I'm fading away. I need someone to refresh me."

I looked at Chris. He was in no state to do such a thing.

Seeing my gaze, she blushed a little, "not... from him..." she said in a quiet voice.

Realizing she was talking about me, my heart sank. I had hoped Chris would take this one. I was in no state to have sex. I was dripping sweat from the run, I was still crying and looking down I saw that both my arms had been sliced open near the elbows. Huh, I didn't notice that. Must have happened while I was running.

But I had no choice.

"Okay, let's do this. We're kind of in a hurry," I said.

I knelt down to get to her level. She reached down and pulled off her dress in one motion. It looked like she had torn it in her haste to get it off. I wondered absently what she would wear after this encounter. She wrapped her arms around my head and pulled me in to her chest. She had large breasts for what appeared to be the ghost of a child.

I tenderly kissed one of her nipples, feeling it stiffen in my mouth. Fuck, I had no experience with this. I reached up with my hands around her back and looked up into her eyes. She had a strange expression on her face, what I could only assume was her way of expressing pleasure. I increased my pressure on her breasts, sucking on the tips and biting down softly. She let out a quiet moan.

I brought my head down to her hairless cunt. As I tried to eat my first pussy, she stopped me. "You're not enjoying this." Well fuck no I wasn't enjoying this. My best friend in the world just died and now I'm trying to eat out a ghost? Who could enjoy such a thing? "You have to enjoy this for the ritual to work."

Looks like I don't have a choice, I thought. I shut my eyes, trying to block out all thoughts relating to the situation we were in and just focusing on letting my mind wander. The magic of the place soon took hold, and, despite my fears and sadness, I found myself swept up in the heat of the moment. I dropped one hand from her breast to my own pussy even as I continued to flick her clit with my tongue. Seeing this she reached down, putting her hand over mine. She directed my hand over my mound, rubbing me slowly and tenderly.
