 Liz was finishing up folding some laundry and putting it away. Her boyfriend Jason was in the kitchen emptying the dishwasher as they had both decided to spend the day cleaning and getting their apartment in order. Liz however did not notice she was being watched by something that was remaining unseen at the moment. 

This creature who had spawned during Nina's time in the shower had been looking for someone in which to have some fun with as it fed off sexual energy like the slime. This is why the slime opened a portal for him as he was similar to many other sexual creatures from other dimensions who hadn't had a taste of this one yet. 

As Liz bent over to put away her panties when she pulled out a pair throwing them on the bed. The creature watched as she slid off her pajama pants and the underwear she had been wearing in order to change. That is when it got a perfect look at her anatomy and planned it's move. Liz hadn't seen the creature of even knew there was something in the room with her. She bent down to slide on the new pair of panties when the creature turned into pink smoke and flowed towards her entering the slit between her legs. Liz jumped at the sensation not sure what had just happened to her as she looked down and examined herself. It had felt like a warm breeze had just hit her between the legs but she had no idea what had just happened to her as she slid on her new panties.

Jason came strolling into the bedroom as Liz stood there still confused and said "dishes are all set Babe, you okay?"

"Yeah, I just um." She said gently rubbing her crotch as she felt a little strange all of a sudden.

"Damn, you're getting me turned on doing that." He said watching her.

"It's funny you said that because, I actually am getting turned on myself." She said as she began to feel her nether region warm and moisten.

"Shit really?" Jason said stepping closer to her.

She grabbed him and smiled before pressing her lips to his. He slid his hand down her back before grabbing her ass and pulling her close. She lifted her leg up hooking it around him before the fell back on the bed together. She reached out unbuckling his belt before sliding her hand down his pants stroking his cock getting him nice and hard. He went and slid his hand along the front of her panties teasing her a little making her moan a little.

"Skip the foreplay." She said in a whisper.

"Are you sure?"

"Just fuck me!" 

This was a little shocking for him to hear as he usually had to tease her for a while to get her going but she was apparently really in the mood and wanted him now. He pulled his pants off and tossed them aside before sliding off his boxer shorts. She could see his cock fully erect and couldn't wait for him to shove it inside her. He reached down and grabbed her panties sliding them off and tossing them aside when he froze and had a look of horror on his face as he stared down between her legs.

"What's wrong Babe?" She asked before she looked down and was horrified to see her pussy but with two strange eyes to either side of her clit and a long tongue hanging out of it as the walls seemed to be moving on there own widening and moving almost like a mouth.

"What the Fuck!" Jason yelled but before he could do anything else the tongue had suddenly lunged forward and wrapped around his cock pulling him down. "What the... Jesus!" He yelled as struggling was useless.

He tried to resist as Liz was horrified by what she was seeing but no matter how much he struggled the creature between her legs pulled his cock inside and would not let him go. The walls of her vagina tightened around his member and it felt more like a mouth as it began to suck on him. He was horrified as much as she was but both of them started began to feel an amazing feeling.

As her pussy held his cock tightly that same tongue that had grabbed him began to slither out underneath his shaft. He felt the warm wet muscle cradling his balls tickling them as it sucked his shaft. Jason couldn't help but enjoy himself as the tongue left a warm slimy liquid all over his ball sack before it moved further behind him.

"Oh... shit...wait..!" He said as it suddenly began to tickle his asshole which made him moan out loud.

They were both prisoners to whatever this thing was. Even Liz couldn't help but enjoy every sensation the thing that had possessed her pussy was giving her. Every inch of the tongue which was now a part of her was as sensitive as her clit and other erogenous zones between her legs. The sensation was so intense eventually Jason collapsed on top of her as she wrapped her legs around him and held him close. They shared a passionate kiss as neither one of them could fight the pleasure going between them.

Her vagina sucked harder and harder while the tongue wiggled and stimulated him even more. He could feel the pressure building and even started to move his hips trying to help the process along. They gave out passionate moans as they continued to enjoy the sensation despite what had happened. Jasons moans grew louder as his cock was being stimulated all over. Liz felt her own pleasure growing despite the physical changes made to her pussy before she squeezed her legs tighter around him.

They let out a passionate scream as the both shared a crazy orgasm together. Her pussy felt like it was literally sucking the cum out of his cock and he was more than happy to give it to her. The walls moved back and forth keeping him stimulated as it wanted more from him. Jason's eyes widened as he felt the tongue slither in between his ass cheeks and force itself inside him. It didn't hurt but he felt a bit violated as it wiggled around until pressing down on his prostate which made him cum again with more force than he was expecting before he let out another passionate scream.

Jason collapsed again after the amazing feeling. He rested against her for a moment before he tried to pull out but this thing was not letting him go. The tongue was still inside his ass but he felt it starting move again going deeper. His eyes widened again as he looked down at Liz not sure what was happening. Suddenly he felt the tongue had somehow made its way into his ball sack and he started to feel it begin to fill with some sort of warm fluid.

"Oh my God... what is it doing!?" He said as his cock stiffened again.

Liz looked up not sure what was happening but then felt her pussy start to move sucking on his cock again. It still felt very good but they were both frightened as they were prisoners to this creature that had possessed Liz's vagina and seemed to want them to fuck non-stop. He felt his balls continue to swell only feeling release every time he orgasmed shooting this warm fluid was into Liz whose pussy was swallowing every drop.

"Fuck... how... much... more... FUCK!" Jason yelled out as the both her an almost evil laugh from between them giving them a sign this was just beginning.

-------------

Nina was still laying in bed naked as only minute later she found herself getting very turned on again. It was maddening that no matter how many times she orgasmed she still needed more and every time she did some other creature came flowing out of her. Whatever this stuff was it had turned her into some sort of portal or conduit for these paranormal creatures, and it didn't seem like it was going to stop any time soon.

She felt her pussy start to quiver again as she got goosebumps all over her body. She didn't want to do it but she knew she didn't have a choice as her fingers slid inside her pussy again pleasing herself. What she hadn't noticed was the front door had opened because her friend Tricia had just come over to check on her.

Tricia also lived in the building and had ran into Kevin on his way out who had told her something weird was going on with Nina and he was concerned. She had a key to her place as they had all been friends for a while so she offered to go and see what was going on. She told Kevin not to worry because she was positive Nina wouldn't cheat on him and their had to be a good explanation for what was going on.

"Nina, you home?" She said putting her purse and coat down before she went looking around.

Nina heard Tricia's voice and began to panic because she couldn't stop herself. She had no control over what was happening to her and knew it was dangerous for her to be here. Her skin had already started to glow and her next orgasm was imminent.

Tina looked down the hallway and saw a light shining from under Nina's door which she thought was a little odd. She headed towards the door not sure what she was doing in there and even a little concerned but she stepped forward and grabbed the handle opening the door.

Nina finally let out a yell as the light came shooting out of her and forming a new creature in the air above her. It was large and blue with a flowing tail like the rest of them. His face seemed long with a pointy chin and big eyes. The one thing that seemed different was it seemed to have a large blue erect penis sticking out from it's waist.

Tricia opened the door and let out a gasp seeing the creature floating there in the middle of the room. She looked over and saw Nina laying on the bed naked covered in sweat and other fluids. Tricia was horrified and confused by what she was seeing but the creature turned its attention to her which startled her.

Nina looked at her friend and simply said "Run!"