 Glen was in his mid 30's and single as he sat at his table on his computer doing some work. He was a decent looking guy but was usually too busy to date which left him usually not getting laid as often as he liked. He had decided to work from home today as he had just got over a cold and wanted one more day to relax but still get some things done. He was working hard when he suddenly heard something odd coming from down the hall. He shrugged it off at first but then heard it again so he got up to check. 

He looked all over swearing he heard a woman's voice. It was more of a laugh or giggle but he knew he heard a woman's voice. He turned on the hallway light and didn't see anything. He walked into the bathroom and didn't see anything either. He was headed back to the table when he heard it again coming from the bedroom. Glen opened the door at first not seeing anything as he walked in and looked around. He was about to leave when the door suddenly slammed shut and he saw a white figure standing in front of him between him and the door. He could see a definite female form as he focused and saw a pale woman standing there all in white. She seemed to be wearing some sort of corset which made her cleavage looked amazing but he could see through her and she had no legs. She seemed to be some sort of ghost floating there which he was definitely a little freaked out about.

She floated towards him making him back up until he fell down on the bed with a bit of a thump. She was suddenly floating above him looking him over before she began hovering over his crotch which he thought was a bit strange. She looked up at him and smiled before she suddenly faded away. Glen was a little confused until he felt his belt open and his pants unzip as if he was being undressed by invisible hands. He was a little concerned but also getting a little turned on as he had heard stories about people having sex with ghosts before. He had even heard rumors about a fort that had a spirit who did sexual things to visitors so he was even a little excited despite how weird this was.

He watched his underwear get pulled away and was already starting to get hard when the woman re-appeared above him. She was very attractive and was smiling as she lowered herself gently touching his cock with her fingers sending shivers through his body. She continued to just gently caress it as he enjoyed her touch and waited for her to do something else. His cock was fully erect to the point precum was beginning to drip from his tip.

After a few moments of stroking him she looked up into his eyes one more time before she vanished again leaving him lying there with his cock out. He waited for a few moments waiting for her to return but she did not. He soon began to realize maybe she wasn't coming back. Feeling a little disappointed he looked down at his hard penis standing tall and sat up as he was about to pull his pants back up when he heard a strange noise from the closet. He began to think maybe she was just toying with him and waited another moment. He saw a yellow light from the corner of his eye and turned seeing some sort of glowing phantom come flying towards him in a hurry causing him to duck as it flew past him. He looked over at the direction where it had gone not seeing anything except a slimy stain on the wall when he suddenly felt something warm and wet land in his lap. He turned back and saw creature floating right above his crotch examining his penis closely.

"Oh no, no no none of that!" He said reaching for his underwear.

Trying to cover himself up the blob suddenly sprouted two arms and grabbed his cock with one before waving it's other hand causing his pants and underwear to come flying off his legs leaving him half naked and feeling very vulnerable. The creature examined his member closely as Glen was freaked out and didn't want to do anything to aggravate this thing because he didn't know what it was or what it could do to him. After a few seconds it stuck out a long slimy tongue from it's mouth and began to lick his cock like an ice cream cone. Glen was still freaked out but also couldn't help but notice how good it felt as it left a layer of slime all over his stiff cock.

"Oh... oh shit... stop that... fuck!" He moaned as this thing had its way with him for a few more moments.

The tongue continue to lick and tease leaving a slimy lubricant all over his shaft. The tongue slid all over leaving a yellowish goo dripping down his shaft which was warm and felt a little strange. It continued to molest his member until it began to focus on the tip. Not just the tip but the hole itself on the top. It started to just lick his urethra wiggling its tongue as he tilted his head back almost starting to like the feeling. He closed his eyes as he felt he had no choice but to enjoy himself but it got to the point that he could feel the warm slimy saliva start to drip down inside him. 

"Woah... what are you... oh God!" He said not knowing exactly what was going on but still enjoying the feeling.

He couldn't help how good it felt as this thing continued to lick and lube his cock with this slime it was apparently made of but then he saw something a bit strange and concerning. His urethra had started to widen and was getting bigger to the point it could almost stick its tongue inside it. It didn't hurt at all which made him a little more concerned as it stuck its tongue even deeper inside him. It pulled it out and spit a large clump of yellow slime into his hole and he squirmed as he felt the warm goo slide down deeper into his cock.

"What the fuck!" He said watching this small yellow thing shove its tongue back inside his shaft, but as scared as he was and how strange this was he still was enjoying the sensation like his senses were being clouded by pleasure.

The creature finally released his cock and floated above it examining its work. it floated higher before shoving the tip of misty tail at its bottom inside the tip of his cock. This thing was now starting to flow down inside him completely forcing itself through the hole. It still didn't hurt but felt very strange so he reached out trying to grab it but his hands just passed right through it ending up covered in slime as this thing slid deeper and deeper into his cock before disappearing inside. His cock wiggled before his urethra suddenly shrunk back down to normal size but his penis just felt strange.

Glen was horrified as there was something inside his cock and he had no way of getting it out. He was about to freak out when he felt his cock start to wiggle a little. He looked down as it continued to wiggle like something was moving around inside it before it started grow a little longer and thicker right before his eyes. It had grown to about 3 inches thick and over a foot long before the skin began to turn yellowish. His balls had grown also before also changing color as well. Glen was really freaked out but he touched it which made it wiggle even more as it had also become extremely sensitive like just touching it again would make him cum but he was to afraid to try. 

He now had this large yellow monster of a cock between his legs that was almost made it too heavy for him to stand up. He was starting to panic as yellow tinted slime was dribbling from the tip onto his stomach. After a moment it began to wiggle again moving like a snake almost as he noticed how rubbery it had become bending much more than it should be able to. It wasn't until he saw two lumps start to form on his foreskin opening up to reveal two eyes that looked just like the creature inside him. The tip of his skin began to move like a mouth still leaking slime as it smiled at him and began to laugh out loud.

"WHAT THE FUCK!" He yelled out completely horrified by what his cock was turning into.

He saw to lumps on either side of his shaft begin to form as well before to arms popped out. It seemed like the creature had completely bonded with and possessed his penis. It had a mind of its and just moved and wiggled on its own wrapping it's arms around itself before it started to bounce up and down.

"Holy Shit... somebody help me!" He screamed as his cock seemed to by trying to cum on it's own.

Slime dribbled from it's mouth as it made small grunting noises. The arms reached down and grabbed his balls hugging them as it continued to bounce up and down. Glen fell back against the bed feeling all the strange things happening to his cock but the strangest part was it felt really good. It felt like his penis had gone insane as its arms were stroking itself. He felt his foreskin moving like a tiny mouth massaging the head before he felt something thick and slimy wiggle out of his urethra. He looked down and saw the tongue again but It was sticking out of the tip of his cock licking itself all over. Glen couldn't take it as he felt himself starting to go mad with pleasure. The tongue could reach anywhere outside but also felt good inside of his shaft as his cock laughed and moaned while every sensitive part of his sex organ felt ready to explode. He grabbed his sheets as the feeling got much more intense. He wanted to cum badly, he needed to cum and a part of him hoped he would cum hard enough to expel this creature from his cock. 

Glen began to yell out of fear and pleasure as it felt so good it almost felt like his cock would burst if he didn't cum soon. It began to spasm and wiggle so much he felt like it would detach from him or explode. He closed his eyes and held his breath arching his back as his cock spasmed so hard it could barely be seen clearly by the naked eye before it finally began to spew yellow slime up into the air hitting the ceiling before splattering back down on him covering him and his bed with the goo. His cock had become a fire hose as it didn't seem to want to stop anytime soon but the orgasm was mind blowing and it seemed to never end. Gallons and gallons burst out of him as the pleasure seemed never ending. 

He didn't k ow how that much slime could fit inside him as it spewed forth soaking everything in the room. When it finally stopped and Glen was laying there catching his breath he eventually was able to wipe the slime from his eyes and looked down at his cock. It seemed to be back to normal for the most part except for being covered in goo like the rest of him. There were few more spasms as his cock squirted a few more times which also felt incredible. This went on for a few more minute making his body jerk every time until it finally stopped. 

As spent as he was his cock seemed to still be hard but the creature seemed to be gone. He knew his room was a mess and he had to clean up whatever this stuff was but he didn't have the strength to get up yet. After a moment he felt something moving on top of him. He looked down and some of the slime had begun to move and clump together like it had a mind if its own. It continued to reform before it started floating and the strange little creature reformed above him. It shook its head as if also recovering from the ride but it soon refocused its attention back down at his cock again. Glen was starting to get a little concerned is it floated down towards his member grabbing it again.

"Oh God... no, please no, you can't be serious!" He said as the little yellow phantom laughed out loud and began licking the tip of his cock again. "Oh Fuck, Oh God...NO!!"