 Nina laid in bed as her body was in a constant euphoria. She had begun to succumb to her state and was even looking forward to her next orgasm as every time something passed through her it felt amazing. She ran her hands down her body feeling her swollen bouncy breasts enjoying the feeling as she rubbed her nipples feeling them shake reacting to her touch. 

She wondered about Tricia and what that blue creature had done to her. She hoped she enjoyed it as much as she was enjoying this. She could feel all the sex happening around her as her minions brought sexual satisfaction to whomever they came into contact with whether they wanted it or not. She could sense the pleasure, the fear that turned into lust, the slime flowing through the building absorbing the energy.

Nina was starting to love this new power she had. She loved her new body and how sensitive it was to sexual pleasure. The slime had invaded her mind and she understood how it worked and what it was. She also began to understand how to control the slime and use it for her will. Even the creatures that were coming to this world were under her command which she enjoyed as well knowing this would come in handy.

She thought about Kevin and how she wanted him to come back. She would make up for throwing him out by fucking him better than anyone ever could. She would fuck him over and over again making his cock feel things he never thought possible. She wanted him back and she wanted him now.

"Oh Kevin, I need you!" She said as she began to masturbate again.

As she pleasured herself the room began to take on a different feeling. Though there was much sexual pleasure happening throughout the apartment building there was also traces of fear that the slime was starting to notice and it was starting to affect it. Many of the people were both extremely stimulated but afraid at the same time. Nina could feel something different was about to enter this world but the fear made her a little more excited as she quickened her motions. Her body began to glow brightly only this time it was a red light instead of the bright yellow from before. As she got closer to orgasm she heard a growling noise and smiled as she prepared herself.

-------------

Tiffany had just got home from working the early shift. It was roughly 1:00 in the afternoon but she was happy to finally be out of work as it had been a rough morning. She opened the door and saw her boyfriend Eric sitting on the couch watching TV who was a little surprised to see her home early but was happy jumping up before walking over to give her a kiss.

"Hey Babe, you're home early?"

"Yeah, it quieted down so I took off."

"Nice, I'm not going in until 5:00 so if you want to go get some lunch or something?

"I am hungry but honestly I kinda just want to take a nice relaxing bath."

"Okay tell you what, you got take your bath and I'll go grab some take out."

"Oh I love you so much right now." She said kissing him again before dropping her purse and heading for the bathroom.

Tiffany had her blonde hair up in a bun before she pulled out her pencil letting it fall. She hated her job as a waitress but until she finished her night courses it would have to do. Luckily Eric made good money and had no problem helping her out while she got her education. She loved him for that and had promised to make it up to him someday despite him constantly telling her not to worry about it. Her graduation was only two weeks away and she couldn't wait to be done with it all.

She turned on the water and let it warm up before plugging the drain. She walked back out to the living room and saw Eric looking through the drawer of menus in their coffee table trying to figure out what to order. She glanced over and saw a Chinese food menu from her favorite place.

"Ooh, let's get chinese."

"Okay, I'll call it in, anything in particular?"

"You know what I like." She said smiling at him before heading to the bathroom to add a little bit of bubble bath as it usually took a while to fill up.

She left and went to the bedroom to take off her work uniform leaving the tub to fill. As soon as she walked out of the room the water stopped for a moment as if there was something clogging it. Seconds later a pink ooze started to flow into the tub disappearing under the bubbles. It poured the slime for a few seconds before it stopped and the water began to flow again.

Tiffany walked back into the bathroom completely unaware of what had just happened. She had stripped down naked and was wearing just a bathrobe as she stuck her fingers in the water seeing what the temperature was. Happy with the warmth she went to the mirror and started to brush a few knots out of her hair before she took off the robe and stepped into the tub turning the water off.

She got comfortable quickly as she leaned back and let the warm water relax her muscles. Eric had just finished calling in their lunch when he poked his head in to see her. She was laying in the water with her leg sticking out of the bubbles glistening as the soapy water trickled off of it.

"Damn, I am tempted to join you." He said admiring the view.

"Tell you what, go get my chinese food and I promise to send you to work in a very good mood."

"Deal! Well enjoy your bubbles, I'll be back in a bit."

"Okay Babe, love you!"

"Love you too." He said as he headed for the living room to find his keys.

As Tiffany relaxed in the tub she closed her eyes and leaned back. After a few seconds she thought she felt something moving in the water. She opened her eyes and felt around but soon shook her head thinking it was nothing. She tried to relax as she felt it again and it was becoming a little unnerving.

"What the hell?" She said in a low voice.

"Hey Tiff, have you seen my keys?" Eric called out from the living room.

Tiffany went to answer and ask him to come back as she was a little concerned but before she could a hand quickly came out of the water and covered her mouth. Scared for her life she tried to scream but couldn't as multiple hands came out of the water grabbing her. None of them looked human as they were all different colors and textures like different creatures of some sort. She tried to struggle praying Eric would hear her splashing and come back to help her.

"Never mind, found em." Eric said as he took his keys and headed for the door. "Be back soon."

Tiffany was panicking as the hands held her tightly. The water began to glow a bright red color as the hands tried to pull her under the water but she held on to the edge of the tub as long as she could. As she looked down she saw what looked like two red eyes staring at her from under the bubbles. She screamed through the hand covering her mouth as she kicked and struggled as much as she could but it was no use. Her hand lost grip of the edge and she was pulled under the bubbles as the glowing stopped and the water settled.

------------

Eric was gone for about 20 minutes as he got the food and headed back. He thought about what she had said about making sure he left for work happy and couldn't wait to get his reward. He knew she felt guilty that he was paying most of her bills but he was happy to do it. He loved her and as he pulled into the driveway he stopped and looked in his glove box at the small black box he had been hiding in there. He opened it up and examined the diamond ring he had bought smiling to himself. His plan was to ask her to marry him on the day of her graduation but it was getting hard for him to wait even though it was only two weeks away.

He placed the ring in his pocket before grabbing the bag of food and heading upstairs. It had been a very strange day as he could swear he heard moans of passion in the hallways on his way out and his way back up. The strange part was there seemed to be things happening on each floor but considering this building was mostly college students he wasn't too surprised.

He got off the elevator and unlocked the door walking in and dropping the bag of food on the table. He dropped his keys as well before he went to grab some plates out of the kitchen. He placed them down on the table before he went to see if Tiffany was done with her bath.

"Hey Tiff, I'm back." He said as he turned down the hallway and saw steam coming from under the bathroom door. "Tiff?" He asked again as there was also a lot of light shining from it as well. He wasn't getting an answer and started to worry before he rushed down the hallway towards the door and yelled "Tiffany!" But as he approached it the door suddenly swung open as a lot of steam rolled out making it hard to see until he saw Tiffany standing there naked with a half smile on her face looking at him. "Oh shit, lunch is here so grab your robe and let's eat." He said to her.

She stepped towards him still dripping wet but looking absolutely incredible. He was a bit confused as to why the bathroom was soon steamed up but soon she was right up against him. Her skin was soaked and was getting his clothes wet but she placed her hand on his cheek caressing it gently before she placed her lips against his. Eric placed his hands on her waist pulling her close as she shoved her tongue in his mouth and wrapped her arms around his neck.

She pulled he away and smiled licking his taste off her lips before she leaned in and smelled him. Her eye's rolled in the back of her head for a moment and for a second he thought he saw a flash of red in them which didn't make any sense but assumed he was just seeing things.

"Do you want this body?" She whispered in his ear kissing the side of his neck.

"I um... you feeling okay Babe?"

"I want you inside me." She said kissing him again before licking his lips and tracing her tongue down he neck.

"Um well... what about lunch?" He asked but she just kissed him again apparently ignoring what he had just said.

She suddenly pushed him back which he was a little shocked when he landed on the bed. He looked around completely unaware of how they had gone from the hallway by the bathroom to the bedroom without moving. She climbed on top of him pulling his belt off and throwing it as she got his pants open. She was suddenly dry which was strange as she was soaking wet a few seconds ago. She took his boxers and ripped them open which was a little odd of her but he was enjoying the way she was acting.

"I want to taste you." She said as she stuck out her tongue and started to lick his cock which was already hard as a rock.

Eric's eyes rolled as she pleasure him. Their sex life had always been good but she had never acted this kinky or sexy before. As strange as it all was he was loving every second of it. As he laid back enjoying the feeling he noticed something strange. At one point it felt like her tongue wrapped around his cock which wasn't possible as there was no way it was the long but he glanced down and saw a long pointed tongue slithering around his manhood before she pulled it back in smiling up at him as her eyes flashed red again.

"Um... Tiffany... are you okay?" He asked suddenly a little freaked out.

"There is no Tiffany, I am Ezrina."

"Ezrina? Well as nice as it is to meet you Ezrina" he said humoring her for the moment. "Where is Tiffany?"

"There is no Tiffany, I am Ezrina."

"I see, where'd you find that name?" He asked with no response as she continued to pleasure him "So um... oh fuck!... what are you doing here Ezrina?"

"I am here to indulge in the pleasures of human flesh, my sister has told me much about your kind and I want to taste of your bodies."

"Sister?"

"Zuul, she is the gatekeeper of Gozer"

"The gatekeeper... Gozer?" He asked thinking back to what he had heard about Gozer from an event that happened in the 80's.

"Yes, but I have no intrest in opening a portal for my master, I want you, I want you inside me." She said as she continued to lick and kiss his cock.

"Wow, Listen Tiff this is all very..." He stopped when her eyes turned red again and she reached up grabbing his throat choking him.

"There is no Tiffany!" She said in a low growling voice "There is only Ezrina."

"Oh... okay... Ezrina!" He managed to choke out before she let go and he was able to catch his breath. "I apologize." He said as she smiled and lowered her head again.

She had returned to licking and sucking on his cock for a moment as he laid there confused, scared, and concerned for Tiffany as he wasn't sure what exactly was going on here at the moment. The worst part was the pleasure he was feeling was so good it was distracting him from all the important questions. He felt a bit ashamed of himself but he was soon losing control of his own actions.

She finally stopped and looked up at him and almost purring before she ripped his shirt open and began to lightly scrape her fingernails across his chest and stomach. He couldn't help just how sexy she looked as she seemed to act more like an animal than a human but her eyes had a strange shadow around them and she looked sultry and sexy. Her breasts even seemed to have grown a little too as she began to rub his cock between her two mounds as she straddle his leg apparently humping it as he felt her juices drip around his knee.

"Do you want this body?" She said again still grinding against him getting him more and more turned on.

"I um... well of course, I love her!"

"Then take me now, take me as if I am your lover!" She said pulling up towards him pressing her lips to his again.

"But I... this feels wrong!"

Her eyes flashed red again as she looked into his. She began to growl a little and he could even feel the heat coming off of her. She raised her hand to his face as her fingernails extended almost becoming like claws and scratching him across the cheek. It hurt and he began to fear for his life.

"If you will not give me what I want, I will find another who will." She said as her claws ran down his chest drawing a small amount of blood. "This can be as pleasurable or painful as you make it."

"Wait... please don't, I'm all yours" He said as she stared at him a moment longer before her eye's returned to normal and she pulled her hand away. "Please, I'll give you whatever you want." He continued to say as she stared at him a moment longer before she finally smiled at him kissing him again letting her claws retract.

She had become much more soft and calm again as she kissed him. He was in a lot of pain until she stuck out her tongue and began to lick the blood from his wounds on his chest and face. It stung at first but soon the pain seemed to go away and the bleeding stopped. Her saliva seemed to have some sort of healing ability as he saw just scars where his wounds had been. She was becoming much more docile again purring like a cat and even nuzzling against his neck sucking on the skin and getting him back in the mood.

He placed his hands on her waist feeling her skin as he reached back and grabbed her ass squeezing it gently. She seemed to like this feeling as he attempted to roll her over getting her underneath him. Being as playful as she was she allowed him to do so as he kissed her neck tasting her skin. She wrapped one of her legs around him and pulled him closer wanting his cock to slide inside her. He could feel the heat of her pussy as his cock was mere inches away. As turned on as he was he still felt guilty as he felt like he was taking advantage of the woman he loved but he also felt that maybe this was the only to protect her and himself.

He finally slid his cock inside the demon in Tiffany's body. She left out a passionate moan as she grabbed him and held him tight before he began to thrust himself. Her pussy felt so good, even better than usual as he moaned out sliding his cock in and out of her in slow rhythmic motions. She started to suck the skin on his neck again as she wrapped her legs around his waist holding him as he continued to fuck her. Her skin felt so smooth as he slid his hand along her side. He lowered his head kissing her nipple sucking on it a little before teasing it with his tongue. She seemed to enjoy his touch and began to move her hips a little almost massaging his cock inside her with her motions.

"Oh yes, more, I want more!" She said before rolling him back over and getting on top as she began to ride his cock quicker and with more force.

Eric was enjoying the sensation as he slid his hands up her sides and cupping her breasts in his hands. She grabbed his wrists and held them there as he rubbed her nipples with his thumbs. She continued to purr and even growl a bit as she moaned still riding his cock. He wasn't sure how or why but her pussy felt incredible as squeezed around his cock milking him for all he was worth. 

He pulled himself up wrapping his arms around her waist and kissing her again trying to tell himself this was Tiffany and not some demonic creature wearing her skin. There was a warmth inside her that increased the sensation between them as she kissed him, even bit him a little. She began to nibble at his ear lobe a little before kissing his neck again and he had almost forgot about the thing Inside her. There were certain things she did that Tiffany would do during sex which made him think maybe she was still in there somewhere.

The closer they got to orgasm her moans became more and more like growls as her eyes began to turn red again. The room felt like it was shaking as his lamp fell over and some framed pictures fell off the walls. The feeling was intense as her growls got louder. Two small horns suddenly sprouted from the sides of her head and her eyes were fully red. He felt her vagina tighten as she roared out right before digging her claws into his shoulders. It hurt but also seemed to make his pleasure a bit more intense. She suddenly got much warmer but it felt amazing as he buried his face into her breasts as he wrapped his hands around her waist again and held on.

"Oh SHIT!" He yelled out as she roared and his cock began to drain into her.

His orgasm more intense than he could have imagined as his cock erupted inside her. It was the strongest orgasm he had ever felt as he let out a scream of his own while her pussy sucked every last drop out of him for what seemed like an eternity. It was so intense he felt like his soul was shaking lose from his body but she held him together. He began to feel light headed before he finally collapse back onto the bed.

He was silent for a while breathing heavily as she stayed where she was straddling his cock also breathing quick and heavy. After a few moments she looked down at him with a satisfied smile on her face as her horns had seemed to have disappeared and her eye's returned to normal before she laid down against him kissing his chest gently.

"Oh shit... that was... did you?" He said asking his demon lover.

"Hmmm, very much so." She said getting comfortable against him before she said "rest now, regain your strength for I am not done with you yet!"

Eric was feeling very drained from his first romp with this creature and began to wonder if he would even survive let alone ever get Tiffany back. She continued to gently kiss his chest before pulling him forward and licking the wounds on his shoulder to help him feel better but he wasn't sure how much more he could take.