 Jason drove up to his apartment building and was shocked at what he saw. He had started to expect something supernatural was happening to Nina but apparently it was happening to the whole building. He had never heard back from Tricia and got no answer when he tried to call her and what he was seeing now was disturbing.

Many of the lights were flickering but there were also little streams of pink ooze pouring down sides of the building. He looked up and saw a naked woman pressed up against a window with someone or something behind her apparently fucking her. He could hear moans of passion all around but what he didn't notice was the puddle of pink slime starting to form behind him.

It was small at first but soon a tendrils began to form shooting towards him wrapping around his ankle. He fell to the ground surprised as the slime seemed to be dragging him towards the front door of the building. He struggled to grab a hold of something the closer he got until he grabbed a branch on the ground and hit the tendril breaking the slime. He pulled himself up and ran back to his car as he saw other puddles of slime starting to form around him. He got back to the car and started it as slime tendrils came up on all sides. He pressed the gas and drove through them as the splattered against his windshield but he drove as fast as he could knowing he needed to get some help.

------

Ezrina left Jill to have her fun and went around looking for more people to birth her children. She roamed the halls hearing all the sex around her and enjoying the sounds and scents in the air. It wasn't until she heard a noise coming from the stairwell and ran over to see a woman walking down them with a basket of laundry in her arms. She quietly observed her for a moment.

Jessica got to the laundry room in the basement and opened one of the washers. She began to throw her clothes in and didn't notice the young blonde woman who had been following her down. Her apartment was near the stairs and even though one or two lights flickered on the way down she had no idea of what was going on in the apartments around her.

She got to the laundry room and began to throw things in to the wash. She threw in some underwear she had bought to try to spice things up in the bedroom but didn't end up working as well as she had hoped. It had been a while since she and Ted had had sex and she was starting to wonder if he even found her attractive anymore. Being only 32 she was still a very nice looking woman. She had her red hair up in a ponytail and was wearing a red flannel shirt but still she would turns heads if she wanted to.

She thought she heard a noise nearby and began looking around. She walked over and looked around the corner down the hallway leading back to the stairwell but didn't see anyone or anything. Still she was a little freaked out and the lights were flickering down there as well so she hurried up and headed back upstairs when she ran into a woman with short blonde hair.

"Oh hello there?" She said while she walked past the woman who just stared and smiled at her.

------

Back up in her apartment the front door opened and Jessica walked back in. It was quiet and she didn't see Ted anywhere which was odd. Assuming he was in the bathroom or something she headed into the bedroom and began folding laundry that was piled all over the mattress. She began to sort through it all until she finally noticed Ted standing in the doorway.

"Oh, hey Hon, you startled me." She said putting some clothes in the drawer before going back to the bed. She went back to folding when he suddenly came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist leaning in close and pressing up against her. "Can I help you?" She asked a bit confused.

He breathed in her scent as she felt a bulge in his pants press up against her. His hands slid under her shirt feeling her stomach before sliding up under her bra and grabbing her breasts. Jessica was a little shocked but she wasn't unwelcome to the attention he was finally giving her.

"I want you." He whispered in her ear which made the hair stand up on the back of her neck as his hands massaged her breasts before ripping the bra open followed by her flannel shirt. 

He pressed his mouth to the side of her neck sucking on her skin as she began to moan as he hadn't touched her like this in a long time. Jessica was starting to get very turned on as Ted continued to touch her and press against her. She felt his hand slide down her waist before he grabbed her jeans and ripped them in half without breaking a sweat. She was shocked but soon he had turned her around and laid her down on the bed before she could even react.

She was laying on top of the clothes as he slid off her panties before by trying his face between her legs. He was like an animal as he sucked on her clit and shoved his tongue inside her much deeper than she thought was possible. It seemed to snake its was deeper and deeper wiggling and squirming inside her making her whole body shake. It felt so amazing she couldn't sit still as it felt almost too good. His breath was hot and it made her even more wet as he ravaged her pussy with his mouth. She grabbed his hair as her legs were up on his shoulders. She began to moan and even scream as he had his way with her giving her a pleasure he had never been able to before.

His hands slid up her stomach grabbing her breasts again as he continued to torture her pussy with his mouth. She could barely hold on as she already felt herself ready to orgasm even trying to want him but he didn't care. The pleasure was so strong she felt herself squirt all over his face but it did not seem to phase him as he continued to pleasure her. Her grabbed her ass and pulled her towards him pressing his face even harder against her. She was screaming at this point as the pleasure got more intense with every passing moment. It was almost too much for her to take as he made her orgasm over and over again.

He finally pulled his tongue out of her and pulled his face away as she laid there breathing heavily covered with sweat. He wiped the juices from his face as he stood up and took his pants off. She looked down at him as he had a strange look in his face. He slid off his pants and underwear and she saw his cock out fully erect but somehow looking larger than she remembered. She was both nervous and a little excited not knowing how much more she could handle as he grabbed her holding her up before lowering her onto his cock.

"Oh FUCK!" She yelled out as his giant member slid inside her well lubricated slit.

He had an inhuman strength as he held her up and fucked her. She wrapped her legs around his waist holding on as his cock slid in and out of her over and over again. She was going cross eyed from the feeling before he laid her back down on the bed. He continued to shove his cock into her as she held his shoulders and screamed after feeling multiple orgasms. At one point Ted let out a moan that almost sounded like an animal before she felt his cock start to drain into her. It was much warmer than she expected as the warmth filled her insides but it actually made her hornier as the warmth flowed.

"Oh Fuck, that was so..." she said before she looked up and saw her husband there with a red glare in his eyes. He let out a growl as his teeth seemed a little longer than usual when she said "what the hell, Ted are you?"

He pulled his cock from her before flipping her over the edge of the bed. She waited a little freaked out before she felt his cock slide back inside her as he began thrusting from behind. He pulled her up reaching around and grabbing her breasts again keeping her in a position that made his cock go even deeper inside her. There was sweat and slime and other fluids all over the clean clothes and the bed. She was freaked out but also in a sexual fog and didn't want it to end as Ted or the creature who used to be Ted showed her pleasures from beyond their world.

"Oh shit. Of SHIIIIT!" she called out as his cock seemed to expand inside her just adding to sensation.

Jessica looked down and saw the hand squeezing and massaging her breasts had started to look a bit darkened his fingernails had started to grow looking more like some sort of animal claw. Despite how large and sharp they looked he did not cut her with them and seemed to be taking care not to physically harm her.

She saw the long almost lance like tongue she had felt inside her earlier curl around her neck before sliding across her breasts as he moved his hands away. The saliva was warm and felt strange in her skin almost arousing her even more. She heard him growl from behind her as his clock continued to thrust inside her until he would let out a roar before feeling the warm liquid spray from his clock filling her. Every time the liquid touched her insides it filled her with extreme pleasure like his cum had the ability to make her orgasm on contact. It was intense and even though she didn't know what happened to her husband the pleasure was driving her wild and she couldn't fight him as he brought her endless pleasure.

"Oh God, Oh Fuck... Don't... don't stop!!"