 Ezrina could hear Sophia in the bathroom from the kitchen and smiled before looking down at Jake who was laying on the floor beneath her covered in sweat, blood, cum, and other fluids breathing heavily as she felt his cock shooting more little spurts of fun inside her. She leaned down kissing him and licking his face as he was barely conscious.

"Do you want more?" She asked in a teasing tone still kissing him.

"I... I don't... Know if... I can! He said between breaths. "I... I'm sorry!"

"Don't be, you've done your species proud." She said before climbing off of him letting him lay there as he began to fall unconscious. "I will tell the others to let you be, regain your strength, I may come back for more." His cock was red and seemed spent as it was still dribbling bits of cum out every couple of seconds. "He was fun!" She said before she stretched her naked body and went to see what was happening in the rest of the house.

She walked into the living room seeing the orgy before her. The scent of sex in the air was powerful and there were moans to be heard all around. She looked to see a young blonde woman continuously fucking her boyfriend, she saw the little tendrils wrapped around his cock coming from inside her pussy as she seemed to be wanting to drain him of all his manly fluids. A man laid on the floor with an over-inflated cock that seemed to heavy for him to get up as it erupted slime every few moments. There was a woman in the corner being fucked by a little red floating phantom with a giant cock sliding in and out of her as she seemed to moan as she enjoyed it. 

Ezrina smiled as she walked across the slime-covered bodies all over the floor when she heard footsteps upstairs. Before checking on Bruce she decided to see who was up there and what they were doing. She turned and began climbing the stairs to find where the other guests were hiding. As she reached the top she could hear a commotion from behind one of the bedroom doors. She quietly walked over to get a listen pressing her ear against the door as she could smell the 3 different people in there.

"What do you mean you don't have your phone?" The first Male whispered to the others.

"I left it downstairs, sorry Chris I was trying to get the fuck out of there!" Another males voice said.

"Guys please we really need to get the fuck out of here!" A woman's voice added to the conversation. "What the hell happened down there?"

"I don't know, I've never seen shit like that before and I grew up in a haunted house."

"Shhh, we don't want those things to hear us."

Ezrina stood outside the door smiling as she listened to the three of them. "One female and two males." She said as she held up her hand and in a flash of red was holding one of her eggs. "This should make things interesting." She said before she bent down and rolled it under the door.

"Did you hear something?" Chris said thinking he heard something rolling.

"What the fuck?"

"What is it, Bev?" Chris asked.

"I thought I felt something touch my leg."

"What was it?"

"I don't know, I can't see anything with the lights off!"

"Who gives a shit, let's just make a run for it!"

"Eric that's a stupid idea, those things will get us before we get to the car."

"Well, I can't just sit here!" Eric said.

"Well then let's come up with a better plan than making a run for it!" Chris said.

"Well I haven't heard you come up with anything so far, you've just been hiding in the corner trying to protect your girlfriend." 

"I'm sorry if I put Bev's safety before my own, maybe she has an idea, what do you think Babe?" Chris said turning to his girlfriend who was glaring back at him with glowing red eyes.

"I think you should both take out your cocks!" She said in a low demonic voice before pouncing on Chris like a wild animal knocking him down to the floor.

Eric ran to the door opening it running out into the hallway when he was stopped by Ezrina. He was distracted by this naked blonde in front of him covered in a variety of fluids and smiling at him before she pushed him up against the wall.

"Now you're going to just abandon my daughter like that, it's a shame, although it looks like your friend there will reap the rewards." She said looking in and hearing clothes ripping as a newly possessed Bev began to have her way with Chris. "But maybe we can have some fun out here?" She said grabbing his belt and whipping it off throwing it down the stairs.

"Please don't!" He said not sure what she was going to do. "Your very hot and all but this is getting too friggin weird for me."

"Oh really, well let's see how weird it can get then." She said unzipping his fly and pulling his pants down.

Eric was scared and aroused at the same time but when he looked up he saw a strange floating yellow creature with a long tongue hanging out of its mouth. Ezrina lowered herself down and held his cock giving it a few licks before she turned toward the thing floating behind her and moved aside still holding his cock.

"Do you want to play?" She asked as the thing lunged towards his cock grabbing it and shoving its tongue into the tip of it.

Eric screamed as the thing widened his urethra before sliding inside his cock disappearing leaving his member there dripping yellow goo from the tip. He fell to the floor as his cock felt very strange. It felt like something warm was moving around inside it and it felt odd and good and it was freaking him out. His cock began to move and wiggle on its own like it was possessed. It began to grow a little larger turning a yellowish color before to arms sprouted from the sides and two eyes formed near the tip as well.

"WHAT THE FUCK!" he yelled out as Ezrina stood there with a big smile on her face before she kneeled down and began petting his cock. 

It let out a little moan like it was enjoying her touch before she said: "this little guy should keep you busy for a while."

"Please, get it out of me, don't leave me like this!"

"Oh don't worry, getting it out is easy, it's keeping it from going back in that's hard." She said laughing a little before heading back downstairs.

"Come back, please help me!!"

-----

Back in the bedroom, Chris was being attacked by Bev only it wasn't her anymore. Her eyes were red and her voice seemed to change back and forth sounding like her one moment before getting low and dark. She had torn his clothes off along with her own as she began rubbing herself against him squeezing his cock between her breasts. Chris was concerned and aroused and confused by what was happening.

"Oh shit, Bev, what are you... oh Fuck!"

"There is no Bev, there is only Ireth!" She said before climbing up towards him grabbing his face and staring down at him. "I want you inside me!" She said as she stuck out her tongue and licked his chin sliding it up his face.

"Bev, listen to me, you're not yourself, you have to stop this!"

She began to growl a little and in a deep voice she said: "there is no Bev!" Before she grabbed him and threw him against the wall. He broke the sheetrock before falling into the bed in pain from the impact as he looked over at Bev who was floating in the air with glaring red eyes and horns staring back at him before she said: "pain or pleasure, the choice is yours!"

Her fingernails grew as they started to look more like claws. Her teeth seemed sharper as she flew towards him grabbing him by the neck and squeezing his throat. He could feel the heat of her breath as she floated above him looking down and growling still as he lifted his hand and placed it gently on her cheek hoping to calm her down. She sniffed his hand and began to rub her face against it almost like a cat or dog. She lowered down lending on top of him as her grip on his neck loosened.

Chris tried to catch his breath as Bev calmed down and started getting more friendly again kissing him and rubbing against him. He soon realized he didn't have much choice at the moment but to give in to her or face an angry demon who was more than capable of ripping him apart. 

"Fuck me, mortal, show me what your pitiful flesh can do!" She said pulling him on top of her as she spread her legs and let his cock slid inside.

----

Ezrina was downstairs and could hear the banging and the growling smiling to herself. She suddenly heard Eric let out a loud yell of pleasure before she saw yellow slime start squirting down from upstairs. She began heading for the bedroom door where she knew Bruce was. She slowly opened the door to see a brunette on the floor unconscious with terror dog cum dripping from her pussy and her mouth. She looked over and saw a blonde woman bent over a recliner in the corner seeing the same juices dripping from her ass as she too was unconscious. She then looked over at the bed at the large dark skinned beast shoving his cock into Danielle as she let of cries of passion. 

The bed had appeared to be broken as all the legs had snapped and the mattress and box spring were on the floor. Bruce was growling and even roaring as he continued to fuck this woman under her as she held on to what was left of the headboard arching her back taking his demon cock as deep as it would go. Her hair was a mess and her lipstick and eyeliner were smeared all over her face. She had a look in her eye of lust that was overpowering her common sense as she let this talk dark creature continue to shove its monstrous cock inside her.

"Oh yeah, keep going, DON'T FUCKING STOP!" she yelled out as Bruce let out a loud roar and began to fill her with his demonic seed yo the point it was even squirting out of her from around his cock.

Danielle fell unconscious like her two friends as Bruce laid there with his cock still inside her breathing heavily growling in a low tone before he looked over at Ezrina. She was so proud of her creation seeing the cum stained women all around her as she smiled at him.

"More!" He said sliding Danielle off the bed before grabbing Ezrina and throwing her down beneath him.

"Well, you still desire me?" She said a little surprised 

"Always!" He said spreading her legs and shoving his cock inside her as she let out a loud moan surprised at how he went from a nervous boy afraid of his power to this powerful creature having his way with her.

She couldn't help but enjoy the feeling as his cock filled her. It was that extra force she had been missing all night. The romp she had with the guy in the kitchen was good for her but she still desired more. She began to transform herself as well as her horns sprouted and her teeth sharpened. She dug her claws into his back which was harder to pierce now as his hand slid down around her ass pulling her closer as his cock went deeper. 

They were both floating in the air a few feet above the bed as his claws scraped along her skin revealing the creature underneath. Ezrina had not been fucked like this before. She did enjoy the taste of humans but this was a power and an animalistic nature she had been missing. The pain of his claws in her skin and the feeling of his enlarged cock inside her bringing out the animal within. She was proud of her creation and didn't want this feeling to end. 

Before he damaged Alexa's body any more she decided to change her appearance to become more of her natural self. Her skin began to darken and her claws began to sprout as he continued to shove his cock into her. Her breasts remained only dark and leathery as he grabbed one and sucked on it making her cry out in a deep growl. The whole house was beginning to shake as the power they were generating was intense. Bruce felt the pleasure begin to build as his cock erupted followed by a roar from them both the blew out every window in the house in an explosion of glass expelling away from them.