 *Authors Note: This story is intended to be read as a series of handwritten journal entries. If you are upset by entries that are only a page long, this story probably isn't for you. But if you can deal with shorter entries, please enjoy.* 

Mortem in Nocte

October 11

It is my hope that someone finds this journal someday, if only so that someone knows what really happened here. I know that I am going to die here and I am certain that I don't have much longer before Death calls me home. This is a call I will not welcome, but I will answer it nonetheless.

First things first, I need you to know that I am who I say I am. My name is Darwyn. You can check my ID, which is in the center console of the jeep parked outside. But I must warn you you will not recognize that picture. My body has . . . changed over the course of the last month. Anyways, my license number is 086753090. And if you know the right question to ask, the answer is 42. Ask anyone who knows me personally and they will confirm this for you.

Now that that is out of the way, I need you to know that I am not crazy. Everything in this journal is real. I have made none of this up.

As I write this, it is October 11 and it is my birthday. The last I will have. But this story didn't start today....it was about a month ago.....September 13. I've torn this page out and placed it in the front so someone would know where to read.

If you're brave enough, begin reading on September 14. All I ask is that you share my story.

~Darwyn

September 14

The drive up was pleasant. It is always good to get away every now and then. I do what I can to keep my life simple and calm, but it seems like I just have a magnet for chaos permanently strapped to my back. But that's what they invented vacations for, right?

I can't believe its been two years since I've been up here! They say time flies when you're having fun, but that's a lie. Well not a real lie, just not all of it. Its when you're busy that time really moves. It seems to leave you behind if you aren't careful. It's when you're busy working that your children grow up. Its when you're buddies all get married and move away to start families of their own. It's when, if you aren't paying attention, you wake up one day and find out that you're old. Its when you're busy that time really passes you by. I swear if it weren't for this trip every few years, I would already be an old man.

Last night as I turned down the narrow road that leads up here, a wave of nostalgia swept over me. As I navigated the way in the fading light, I re-lived countless times from when I was young and my brothers and I would come up here with my father. It seems that we came up here every couple of weeks instead of every couple of years like I do now. A weekend up here meant more to me than everything. The time here with my father was priceless. This was genuine life experience.

I could tell that my brothers hadn't been up here since I was here last. I'm not surprised. They have all moved to various parts of the country. I kinda like it like this though. Even though the place belongs to all four of us, the fact that they aren't around makes if feel like its mine.

I wonder what they would say if I moved up here permanently. If they would have any objections. It would be nice to live up here.

I think this is enough of a trip down memory lane for now. Something pretty amazing happened last night.

I've talked about this before, but I think it bears mentioning again because it, well it's related. I don't dream. I mean, I'm sure I do; I would've gone insane long ago if I didn't. But I haven't had a dream I can remember since I was like five or six. I've heard people talk about how they know they've had a dream but just can't remember what it was about. I don't even get that. When I sleep it is like I have blinked. I close my eyes and then open them; and several hours will have passed. Sometimes I feel rested and sometimes I do not. But last night, I had a dream. 

I have to say that if all dreams are like what I experienced last night, then I welcome any more dreams to visit me any time! Everything felt so real. I could feel everything as completely as I do now. I could sense the temperature in the room, the textures of the fabric in the quilt, even the sensation of the air from the ceiling fan.

Just in case I don't have another dream any time in the near future, I want to write it all down. 

As real as it was, there are two things that stand out as proof that it was a dream. First of all, it was a wet dream. I haven't been in a relationship for almost three years and haven't had sex in about eight months. If you count the last time I paid someone for sex.....then it's still eight months. So it only makes sense that any dream I might have would be erotic in nature.

And then there was her. She had long, vibrant red hair that seemed to float in the air around her as if she were under water. Her sheer nightgown rose about her in much the same fashion as her hair. Every thing about her screamed "woman." What little ethereal clothing she had left nothing to the imagination. Long legs, wide hips, a narrow waist, medium sized breasts.....

I knew instantly that this had to be a dream. No woman even half this beautiful would be an hour and a half from the next neighbor alone. Being the dream that this was, it wasn't difficult to overlook the reddish tint to her skin. I can't even remember what the last dream I had was, so there was no way I was going to let one little detail ruin this for me.

I opened my mouth to say something but I was cut off.

"Shh. . . "

"But . . . "

"Shh . . . "

I don't know if I just wasn't paying attention to everything or if I had just been distracted by her but I swear her lips never parted. She just stood there staring at me. I can't recall what color her eyes were, but I'm sure they were beautiful. 

As I sat there drinking her in,I'd grown hard just thinking about all of the things I might do to her....or have her do for me. The possibilities were endless, this was my dream after all.

I stared back into her . . . .what color were her eyes? It doesn't matter if I can remember the color or not, I stared into them. I wanted her. I could feel the hunger in my eyes as the looked upon her. There is no way she couldn't have felt it. And I wanted her to feel every ounce of lust I had for her.

"Shh. . . ," she cut me off.

"But I don't even know....,"

"Mique......shhh....,"

I tried to speak again, but words were not a possibility. She seemed to glide across the floor. It's one thing to not be able to find the words. But I forgot how to talk entirely.

~~~~~

Wow! I really let the time slip away. I have to go for awhile, but I'll be back later to write more.

~Darwyn

I lied. I tried to do something else but I have to write this down. It is consuming all of my thoughts. I wanted to go fishing but as much as my mind won't let go of this dream, I'm sure that I'd have ended up in the river myself. 

So back to this dream . . . 

Mique drifted across the floor. What I mean by this is that her feet never touched the floor. I was in awe as she closed the space between us. Again, I tried to speak,but this time instead of shushing me, she placed a finger over my lips to silence me. I felt a small jolt of electricity as our skins touched each other, but other than that she felt neither warm nor cold. Her skin was the same as mine as far as temperature. I couldn't help but notice the contrast between our two skin tones and for a moment, that was all I could see. I watched as she removed her finger from my lips and lifted my chin a bit. Then with both hands she pushed back on my shoulders, gently coaxing me to lie down. 

She climbed up onto the bed and I felt the weight of her body against mine. There is nothing like the feel of a woman's body pressed up against your own so that you can feel every part of her; from the curve of her hips next to yours to the feel of her breasts pressed to your chest. It wasn't until she straddled me and sat up that I noticed that her nightgown was no longer there. She was completely naked now.

For the first time, I saw something other than lust come across her face. That hunger was still there, but there was also something else. It looked like frustration. She would look at me and then her gaze would run down my body to my crotch where she was sitting, and then she would repeat. She wanted my cock out of my trousers but wasn't able to herself. 

"If you get off for a moment, I can take them off."

"No.....just take it out....."

"But ...."

"Just.......out...."

Who was I to argue? I reached down and unbuttoned my bottoms and pulled it out, just like she'd asked. I was already hard. The look on her face was like that of a child on Christmas morning who has seen the presents under the tree for weeks now and is ready to tear into them. I want to say that I saw her lick her lips, but I swear those lips had yet to part. 

At this point she raised herself up and grabbed my cock, positioning it at the entrance to her pussy. An image of her sucking her bottom lip into her mouth flooded my mind and then she lowered herself onto me. She had tilted her head back just a little and now was looking back down at me, a full smile across her face. She sat there for a moment and then began to rock back and forth. She did this little thing with her hips.....at the end of the rock forward she would add a little extra thrust. It was wonderful and had me on the verge of cumming in no time.

I'd noticed how wet she was before, but it wasn't until now that I began to feel the heat of her pussy wrapped around me. Every time she rocked forward it felt like her pussy did everything it could to take me in as far as it could and every time she rocked back I could feel the intense suction pulling on my cock. I'd never experienced a pussy like this.

She leaned forward and braced herself by putting her hands on my shoulders. 

"That's it, cum for me."

"No . . . . not yet."

"Its okay, I want it....cum for me...."

"..."

"Cum for me, Darwyn."

And I did. She sat up straight again and pushed herself all the way down onto me. The heat of her pussy got white hot for a split second; I assume she was having an orgasm of her own. Her back arched and I could see her silhouette against the bedroom window. When I'd finished cumming, she collapsed on top of me. 

"Mmmm, that was yummy, Darwyn. Thank you."

The fact that I was being thanked in my own dream was a little odd. "Umm....you're welcome."

Time did that funny dream thing again where you can't tell how much time has passed. It could have been a few minutes or an hour. I'm not really sure. But I am sure that I enjoyed her lying in the bed next to me. It felt good. 

Eventually she eased off of the bed and, once again, floated. Only this time, it was toward the door. Her nightgown was back on again. I remember thinking that I needed to pay more attention to things....I hadn't seen her put it on. I watched in awe as she faded the closer she got to the door. The solidity of her body faded and she became transparent, and then more like a vapor and she finally disappeared. 

~~~~~

There it is! I have it all written down now. I'm hopeful that I'll have another dream soon, and if it is Mique again, then all the better. 

I've spent all morning and early afternoon writing this and my hand is cramping a little. I don't normally write this much at one time. I think I'm gonna call it for now. I'm suddenly a little tired. I'm gonna have a nap. 

Until next time,

~Darwyn