 *Authors Note: This story is intended to be read as a series of handwritten journal entries. If you are upset by entries that are only a page long, this story probably isn't for you. But if you can deal with shorter entries, please enjoy.*





September 17

I have to say that the past few nights have been wonderful. I don't know what it is about this trip, but I've been dreaming, it seems, every time I close my eyes. Even when I'm sitting here reading and don't mean to doze off. And every time, Mique is standing there waiting for me. The dreams on Saturday and Sunday were nearly identical to that first one. 

And they are so real! I can't imagine how people live here in the awake-world knowing that a dream world exists and all they have to do is fall asleep. The pull of this is too much like a drug for more people to not have become addicted to it. Or is it that they've become used to this feeling and it has lost its power over them?

But the dream last night....that one was different. She didn't appear across the room and float over to me; she was right there next to the bed and she had this look of hunger in her eyes. That reddish tint to her skin was more vibrant and, if I'm completely honest, it scared me just a little. 

That fear did not stop my erection by any means. Having learned from experience and knowing I'd have to take my cock out for her, I began to do so.

"No......I want to......"

Who am I to stop a beautiful woman from unbuttoning my pants? I could feel her hand as she slipped it down the front and grabbed ahold of me. She smiled and then tried to undo the single button that would allow her access to my nether regions. I like that term....nether regions. 

I'd lain back so that I could enjoy her ministrations, but that button proved to be too much for her. 

"Help me, Darwyn."

With a twist of my forefinger and thumb, the button was out of the way, that evil had been vanquished. Unlike before, she didn't position herself on top of me and lower herself down on my cock. This time she slunk down the bed and took my into her mouth. Now I'm not that big, average at best. But even I can trigger a gag reflex. I'm convinced that Mique has none. 

The sheer force of her sucking on me had me ready to cum in no time. And I did. She crawled up to me and kissed me. I thought she'd kept some in her mouth and was going to switch it over into my mouth, but she didn't. I wouldn't have minded if she had. I do like it when a woman does that.  Maybe next time.

She pulled up and smiled. It was a wicked, playful smile that told me the night wasn't over. I'm not as young as I used to be, so if she wanted more, it would take me awhile to "recharge." 

"That's not what I want right now."

I swear this chick was in my head. I am sure that I didn't say that out loud.

She leaned down so that her breasts were right in my face. Having received the message loud and clear, I began to suckle. I was more than a little surprised when her milk began to flow. I assume that it was her milk. But it didn't taste like milk to me. It was sweeter with something else thrown in there. It was kinda like that feel that alcohol has when you take a shot....but it didn't taste like alcohol. I tried to pull away but she had me by the back of the head and held me there. How come she could hold on to my head, but couldn't undo the button to my pajamas? 

"Shhh......drink."

She wasn't letting me go; what choice did I have? So I drank. After a moment or two of this....well I don't really know how long. I couldn't tell. Time was doing that funny thing again. But I began to feel sleepy. Is it possible to sleep inside of a dream? It kinda defeats the purpose if you ask me.  (No this isn't some reference to that Leonardo DiCaprio movie, I don't like him. I, in fact, cheered when Kate Winslet pushed him off into the water in Titanic). 

"That's it.......rest now......I'll take care of it."

That sweet voice of hers! I thought to myself that I wouldn't mind if she came to me every night. And she smiled when I thought this. She knew what I was thinking....that, or I'd spoken and hadn't realized it. 

~~~~~

I don't remember much of what happened after that; I was in and out of it. I know that she made me cum again. Other than that, its all foggy.

On another note, I think I might be coming down with a cold. I hope its not the flu, that would suck ass. 

In any case, I'm not gonna let it get the best of me. Gonna take some DayQuill and then go fishing this afternoon. 





~~~~~

~~~~~

~~~~~



September 19

This could definitely be the flu. My body aches terribly and I am so incredibly weak. 

The fishing trip the other day ended up happening yesterday. After taking a dose of DayQuill, I did a few things about the house. But this fishing trip ended badly. Almost ended me if I'm honest about it. I fell asleep on the bank (which reminds me, I need to write a strongly worded letter to the makers of DayQuill, its supposed to be non-drowsy) and by the time I woke up night had fallen. In my panic I tripped over my own feet and fell into the river. The water was ice cold and I lost all of my fishing tackle. That pissed me off. It took me a minute to climb back up onto dry land. 

The already chilly air was now something much worse. It felt like a thousand knives stabbing into every inch of my skin. It took all of the energy out of me. And as much as I wanted to get back here to the cabin, and get here quickly, I couldn't make my feet move more than at a snails pace. A fucking turtle would have beaten me.

But the time I got back here, I was literally crawling. I'm not a religious man (I think religion is for those who are to simple-minded to think for themselves), but I thanked God that I had matches. I can't even think how long it would have taken me to get a fire going. It was hard enough with the matches. 

I stripped my clothes off, grabbed a blanket from the couch, curled up on the floor as close to the fireplace as I could get without burning myself. The warmth felt soooo good. 

Once I'd gotten a little warmer, I realized that I hadn't dreamt while sleeping at the river. Mique had not paid me a visit. I was saddened by this, although I'm not sure if it was from the lack of a dream after having them so often over the past week or if it was not seeing her.

My first reaction was that I knew that the dreams had to come to an end sooner or later. And while I preferred later, this was not out of the ordinary. But I couldn't deny that I'd missed Mique coming to visit me. I liked her.

Hell, who wouldn't want a beautiful woman to come into his bed every night?

As I lie in the floor thinking about this, I felt a hand on my shoulder. It was her. Had I fallen asleep already? I must have.

I noticed that she was more vibrant than usual and she seemed more solid. More "there." 

"Where were you, Dawyn?"

"I-I-I.....I f-fell in the riv-v-ver."

"You can't do that, Darwyn. Its dangerous. I need you."

I thought to myself that I sure as hell hadn't either planned nor wanted to fall in the river.

"I know you didn't. Be careful, Darwyn, I need you."

She was doing it again. I knew I hadn't spoken that time.

"Mique, will you lay next to me? I'm cold."

"I've got something better than that for you," she said with a smile. She rolled me over onto my back and moved the blanket to the side and grabbed my cock. I was slow to get hard this time. "What's wrong, Darwyn? Don't you like this?"

I couldn't lie to her and say that I didn't. I loved the fuck out of it. "I do, but I'm so cold."

"But I want this, Darwyn. I need this."

Before I could tell her no, she'd straddled me and was riding my cock.

"Mique, I can't do this tonight." I really didn't like the idea of not being in control in my own dream. I'm guessing this is what a nightmare is. "Mique....."

"Shhh......just lie back and enjoy. Let me do this."

"I can't....."

"I said to let me do this."

She grabbed my hands and held them to the floor by my head. Now, I am a freakishly strong man. I can lift the back tires of my car (its a Saturn L200) off the ground. But I couldn't move my arms. There should have been no way that this tiny woman could have held me down. But she did. And she did it with a ferocity that was more than a little scary.

Her eyes took that look of a predator. Let me tell you that there is nothing more emasculating than to be held down like I was by someone who looked like they wanted to devour you. Especially when then were looking at you with eyes like that. I was her prey. A snowball stood a better chance in Hell than I did right then. 

The reddish tint that her skin had that first night was no longer just a tint. It was red now. And her hair was an even deeper fiery red as well. 

Looking back, I don't know how my body maintained the erection. I was terrified to the point that I couldn't think or even move. I could only lie there and wait for it to be over. But she kept of fucking me. Yes, "fucking" is the right word. This wasn't love making or even just sex. She was fucking me. 

I eventually came and it felt like she was sucking every last drop out of me. It amazed me that a pussy could create suction like that. 

"Mmmmmm......thank you, Darwyn."

I gave no response. I only turned over to face the fire again. I tried, but my mind couldn't, or wouldn't, process on what had just happened. I felt her when she placed the blanket over me. This fucking blew my mind. She'd just practically raped me and now she was showing tenderness....I didn't understand.  

~~~~~

What happened next is something that's still got my head spinning. I had hoped that writing all of this down, it would have cleared things up a bit, but it hasn't. After she put the blanket over me and left, I lied here on the floor and thought about what had just happened until the sun started to come up. And then I picked up this journal and began to write. 

You see, I never woke up......which means that I wasn't asleep when all of this happened. I knew that I'd never fallen asleep when I'd gotten home last night. I probably would have at some point, but I hadn't when she got there.

So if it wasn't a dream....then what is she? 

I gotta admit, right now I'm just a little afraid of Mique.

~Darwyn