 Tuesday night. This was the night our circle of friends hit the theatre. Our local theater had a deal, $5 for all movies. Pick one and watch for less than half the usual cost. It was a great deal and normally, I was excited but tonight, they all flaked on me. Since my wife died, I had been trying to stick to a routine that was fairly unvaried. I wrote for a few hours in the morning, and worked out for an hour every afternoon. Generally, I took care of my needs, then my wants with a sort of lifeless march through time. It was only recently, eighteen months later, that I functioned more or less normally. So, I went to the movies anyway. 

The movie was one of the new sci-fi flicks that was a sequel to a set of movies from a decade earlier. But, what the hell, that was me, Wade Thompson, geek. At 43 years old, I still did what I wanted. I played games on the weekends, wrote novels and game scenarios during the week and kept myself in better shape than most of my friends. And just this morning, I had finished the latest installment of my sci-fi series, the Galactic Hunter. Twelve books strong, I had a steady income that more than met my needs. My house was paid for and I had two cars, one for running around and one for special times. I was doing alright. 

As is my usual, I arrived early to the show but still found a line of about 20 people waiting. It was going to be packed tonight, it was one of those nights. As we went in, my favorite seats were the first ones taken, so I walked up to the back wall and sat in the center. The theater began to fill and I realized, they were going to come close to capacity. Just as the last of the previews were showing, two girls came down my aisle and looked at the last two available seats other than the down front wing seats, one on each side of me. I made to get up and shift, but the girl closest to me shook her head and squeezed past. I was wearing shorts and am pretty tall at 6'3" and my legs take up a lot of space. I tucked them in as best I could and she managed to get past me with only a minimal amount of leg grind. 

She sat, then leaned over to me and said in my ear, "Sorry about that." 

I wasn't very sorry though. Her bare legs had felt good against mine and I'd rather enjoyed it. I turned to tell her only to find her face still right in front of me. She had lovely red glistening lips and blond hair with big blue eyes and was so close, if I stuck out my tongue, I'd lick her lips. Our breath intermingled and I smelled the scent of cinnamon on hers. My eyes looked into hers in the dim light and I thought I saw something there for a moment as I mumbled, "Not a problem at all." 

She leaned back and crossed her legs then lay her arm over the top of mine on the shared arm rest, her fingers caressing the back of my hand. I turned then to the tap on my shoulder from the other side. 

"Hi," said the pretty redhead next to me, "we see you in here every week with your friends. I'm Tina and this is Deb," she said indicating the sexy blond. "Are you all alone tonight?" 

"Hi, Tina. I'm Wade," I responded softly in the quiet of the pre-credits. "The guys couldn't come." 

She smiled at me, a stunning smile, the kind that flusters guys like me, and grabbed my hand as well. Now there were two beautiful girls, holding my hand while I watched a movie for which I had been waiting for some six months. And the movie was superb. The graphics were awesome, soundtrack was exquisite and the acting was better than average. Okay, no Oscars for the acting, but sound and cinematography were going to be in the running. By the end of the movie, my hands were on the girls laps, where they'd been placed, and they had their bodies pressed up to me where the folding arm rests had been pushed up and out of the way. 

"That was excellent," said Deb, "I love these movies. Hey, it is still early and our favorite show is playing in the next theater and starts in like fifteen minutes. Do you want to watch it with us? My treat." 

I am a red blooded man, so, what do you think I said? You're right of course, I said yes. We left the theater and Deb bought the tickets and we went into the other theater. I love these twelve plex theaters. The movie was one of the newer movies in a string of vampire, dark love with a young human girl who is torn between the sexy vamp and the handsome rugged werewolf and must decide between the two of them. I think this one was either the next generation or how it all began, I have to say that I didn't get much of the movie actually watched. 

Between the movies, I had gotten a good look at my two companions and they were every man's wet dream. Both were tall, though Deb was a bit taller at around 5'10" in her two inch heels. She was wearing a short jeans skirt and a red tube top under a white button up that was not buttoned, simply tied. Her blond hair hung to the tops of her ample though not overly large breasts. Tina had a more petite frame to go with her 5'8" height. Her dark red hair hung to the small of her back and highlighted her green eyes. Her lips, a darker shade of red than Deb, were prone to smile in a way that could melt adamantium, and she smiled a lot. She was wearing a pullover tank top that hugged her curves and showed off her little tits over a skirt just a touch longer than her friends. 

We sat in the back row again only this time the theater was almost empty with only a pair of girls way down front. They immediately pushed the armrests up on the seats all around and sat on the seats with their legs pressed against me, arms linked in mine. I was in heaven. I glanced at them each and wondered why me, but I was certainly not going to say or do anything that might stop this. 

I was looking toward Deb when I heard a voice in my ear, "You should kiss her now. Look at the way she is breathing, her chest rising and falling, and the beat of her heart in her neck. She wants you to kiss her." 

Deb's face turned to me and I leaned forward and pressed my lips to hers. She responded with a soft fiery kiss and all I could feel in the universe was that kiss. I licked with my tongue and her lips parted with a light moan that I felt more than I heard. My hand moved to her cheek and caressed then moved down to her neck and pushed the shirt off her shoulder. I held her shoulder as the kiss deepened and I played tag with her tongue. Her hand was on my leg and caressing there as I slid my hand down and pushed the tube top off her breast. I nipped her lip and cupped her breast, pinching her nipple between my finger and thumb. She moaned and pulled back slightly. 

Our lips separated and she softly moaned, "Yes, oh that feels good. Now kiss Tina, she wants it too." 

I turned to find Tina kneeling on her seat, her hands under my tee shirt and on the back of my neck. I released the tit in my hand and reached around Tina to pull her close then slid my hand down her back and cupped her ass as I simply ravaged her mouth. Deb's hands were not idle as I mauled Tina, she found and began to rub my cock through my pants and brought her face up next to ours. 

"God Tina," she said, her voice dropping into contralto as her stimulation rose higher, "He's huge."

Tina and I broke the kiss and she stood up, "Don't do anything until I am back. I will take care of our witnesses."

As Tina walked away, she seemed somehow different, more mature and in charge. Deb had stopped messing in my lap and kissed me quickly before watching Tina. I turned and watched as well. She moved to behind the two girls and one by one turned their heads to kiss them. Then she looked into their eyes and said something to which the girls nodded then returned their attention to the screen. Then was the really strange part, Tina leapt up and over the six rows of chairs to the small walkway and returned to us. As she moved closer, I notice her sensuality was accented. She oozed sex and my body reacted and I went from partially erect to rock hard in seconds. Something wasn't normal, but my brain had just turned to mush and thoughts were something for later. Without thought I opened my pants and revealed my turgid member. 

I don't know about most guys or whatever, but I know there are two kinds of penises. For some men their dick is a tiny thing that grows to a variety of lengths. The other type is a man who is nearly as big as he gets all the time, but stiffens and lengthens slightly when erect. I fall somewhere in between those extremes. Just sitting around un-stimulated, I have a flaccid penis around six inches in length with a girth around two inches. This is slightly larger than the average American male. When I am erect however, I lengthen to nine inches and thicken to two and a half inches in diameter. To contrast that for you, a can of soda is three inches. 

Tina stopped a step away and looked in my eyes before saying, "Look at Deb, lusty man. You will have her first. And if you satisfy her, you will be allowed to try and satisfy me." 

I turned to Deb, nothing on my mind other than making her writhe under my touch. She had removed her shirt and tube top. I pulled her to me and kissed her as I set her on my lap. Either she had removed her underwear or hadn't worn any because as her legs spread, and she settled on my lap, my shaft slid against her pussy and was partially covered in her juices. She growled as I contacted her and began to rock her hips a bit, sliding up and down across my cock until I was completely drenched. My hands squeezed her tits as she rode me and I pulled her down for another kiss before lifting her and poising myself at her opening. I could see her armpits and pubic hair were thick though blond and soft and was marveling at that when she relaxed her legs and I slid into her until I felt her cervix, still not all the way inside. She rocked a bit before rising up and sliding me back in, just a touch further. It took her ten strokes before she bottomed out on my groin. 

"Oh fuck, that is one huge cock." she said as I felt her relax around me again. She lifted up about four inches and I stopped her, holding her in place and began to drive my cock up into her tight love canal. 

I couldn't do much besides holding her hips in place, so I kept my stroke even and strong for a minute then I stood and lifted her with me. Her legs and arms went around me as I lay her on the edge of the seats and grabbed her knees. I pushed them up and apart, put one of my knees on the makeshift couch and began to fuck her with long strokes using my entire cock. I built my speed until I was fucking her quickly and watched her face as I did. Her orgasm hit her quickly but I did not stop or slow down until it was past. I pulled out and turned her over then without preamble, simply rammed my cock into her. Now I began to pump her hard and fast, her legs splayed as I supported her hips and kept them where I needed them. I pulled her close and put her feet on the ground and hands on the back of the seats as I stood and fucked her. Tina stood nearby and watched, completely naked now, her skin almost luminous in the flickering light of the silver screen. I reached out one hand and began to finger her pussy as I drilled Deb. My other hand raised and I stuck my thumb in my mouth for a minute to get it nice and wet then buried it in Deb's ass. When I did, she twitched and began to push back against me harder as she came. 

"Fuck yes!" she exclaimed then twitched and thrust until I joined her and spilled my seed in her pussy. She came again as I filled her and then again as I rapidly thumb fucked her ass, before she collapsed on the seats. As she turned over and looked up at me, I was struck again by her beauty and the exotic hairiness before noticing a brief glimpse of her yellow eyes. 

Then Tina was there, pulling me to her, "Yes, now me. That was so sexy, Wade. I want to feel what she felt." 

Normally, I get a bit soft, but damn, two hot sexy girls, in a theater, and they wanted me. I have to admit, I was excited as hell. I have no idea how I lasted as long with Deb, but now Tina was laying back and spreading her legs at an incredible angle, I just had to taste. I knelt down and did a face plant on her pussy, sticking my tongue as far in her as I could. She was soaked and leaking juices down her legs and now down the crack of her ass. I licked and nibbled and tasted everything from ass to clit until she twitched into her first orgasm, her hands grabbing my head and pulling me into her hot tasty pussy. As her orgasm eased off, I continued to excite her. I wanted her half way there when I finally drove my cock home. It was then that Deb engulfed half my cock in her mouth. Her warmth was incredible and her mouth so sweet I almost stopped munching Tina's pussy when she began to thrust me in and out of her mouth. I pinched her tits and stood up. 

Deb stood and I got a kiss before I focused on Tina. "Are you ready, baby," I asked, then without waiting for an answer I slid into her until I bottomed out. 

She moaned hard and pushed out the words, "Fuck me hard you beast. Fuck me."

I pushed her legs up a bit further and pistoned my rock hard cock in and out of her as fast as I could move in strokes almost six inches long. This time, I felt myself matching her rise and pushed beyond my normal limits. Behind me, I felt the brush of Deb's hair though it seemed to be running the length of my back even as her hands squeezed Tina's tits and pinched them. She licked my back as well and the sensations got stronger. Now Tina's eyes were reddening as I fucked her and her breathing became more ragged. I continued to feel connected to her excitement and even slowing or stopping seemed a foreign concept. 

"Yes, Wade, fuck me hard. I am almost there, lover. This is the moment, you can capture us if you can make it over this last obstacle." Tina was babbling. 

I was getting close and I changed the rhythm and the angle, dropping my hips a bit to drive up against the top of her vagina with each stroke while my right thumb rubbed her clit. I turned my head to see a hair covered Deb, embracing me from behind, her face still gorgeous though now her jaw elongated somewhat but still human-like. I kissed her and reached back to find her pussy with my free hand. I inserted a finger and found her pussy a flood of juices. Moments later, I could hold back no more and slammed home three quick thrusts. 

"I'm cumming baby," I said to Tina, "now cum with me. That's right, right there, cum!!!!"

I blasted my seed into her at the same moment she began to buck wildly beneath me and Deb came on my finger. It took about two minutes for us to relax and disconnect. Both of the girls had transformed somewhat. Deb was a half wolf, half women with a fine covering of hair that matched the blond mane covering her head. She even had a tail, though her mouth was still mostly human which she proved by kissing me soundly then sitting with a smile and began to pull back on her clothes. Tina was mostly looking the same, though her skin was an ivory white, her eyes red and her teeth extended. Okay, a werewolf and a vampire, it should weird me out, but I was just going with it. 

Tina looked at me and read my acceptance of who she was. She sat up and kissed me, her teeth feeling weird but kind of sexy against my lips. Her body was also firmer though still the same sexy size. 

"So, is this where you drink my blood?" I asked. 

"Oh no, baby. Not all vampires are undead. I gain my sustenance from your seed in me regardless of the hole you use," she informed me. "This is the part where you find out that the movie has the parts backward and the attitudes correct. Your performance today saved your life and we have bonded to you. We are yours to do with as you please for as long as you'll have us." 

"Yes, lover," said the now less hairy Deb, "I'm your bitch now, and she is your thrall. And you should know, she has the ability to make you stay hard all night long." 

"There are not many men that can satisfy the two of us," said Tina, "even with my abilities. You are one in ten thousand at least. Deb said so, but I didn't believe. We've been watching you for weeks now. So, where do you want to fuck us next?"

That was the start of the best hundred years of my, now long, life. Even now, I feel the stirring and call of my immortal beauties. My body already prepared for them, rock hard...