 The van drove down the overgrown path. It came to a stop as the brakes squeaked, the van sat at the old gate. It was open and rusted. The old stone wall that surrounded the front of the old house was crumbling and had vines overtaking parts of it. The van began moving forward again as it followed the old driveway that was now cracked and in disrepair. 

The van stopped and shut off in front of the old house, which by the looks of it was more of a mansion. The three women exited the van and looked at the old building and around the quiet landscape. 

"So, this is the place I take it?" Sherri asked as she looked around.

"Yup, the old Cavers Mansion." Lindsey said lighting a cigarette.

"The murder mansion..." Erica said "The butler killed everyone here. This place is a very bad place." She said snapping some pictures.

They unloaded their equipment and Lindsey walked up onto the porch first and looked back at the other two as she held up the old skeleton key. Lindsey put the key into the keyhole and turned it. The old lock clicked and the doors were free for the first time in years. She turned the knob and pushed the large wooden door open. The hinges creaked as she opened the door. The other women had walked up and all looked in to the old mansion, taking it all in.

"For the first time in over eighty years, we are the first people to open that door." Lindsey said smiling as she pulled a flashlight out of her back pocket. 

She walked in as the others followed with their flashlights. The main room was enormous and everything was covered in sheets and dust. Cob webs were everywhere along with peeling wallpaper. They looked around and stood looking at each other. They all smiled, this was a once in a lifetime ghost hunt. 

Erica was taking pictures and walking down the long hallway. She opened a door and stepped inside and snapped some pictures. She looked at the old bed and shined her flashlight on the old sheets. She looked at the dark stain and realized this was one of the rooms that a murder had happened in. She turned and jumped as Sherri stood behind her quiet.

"Shit!" Erica said as Sherri laughed. "This is one of the victim's rooms, look at the bed sheets, they never even cleaned up. Just sealed the place up."

"You are right. That is a blood stain, and look at the wall." Sherri pointed out the splatter. "Why did they not clean this up before sealing the mansion? This is odd." She said as Erica took pictures of the blood stain. 

The two walked down the hall and came to the dining room. Lindsey had finally caught up with them. Sherri and Erica showed her the pictures and talked to her about the blood-stained room. Lindsey didn't say anything but just shook her head. 

"Maybe they wanted it sealed and done. Out of sight, out of mind." Lindsey said looking at the camera.

They decided to get their gear and get cameras set up along with other equipment. Another van was scheduled for the second day when they were going to explore the other rooms. Lindsey wanted a night to get some good pictures and taping done with her two crew girls. Erica was walking around setting up cameras and made sure the room they found was on tape and on a voice recorder. 

Sherri was at the main desk area in the main room making sure Erica's camera positions were perfect. Lindsey carried stuff inside and helped hook up the cables and the WIFI unit for the newer cameras they had. So far everything was going great, still had a couple hours till nightfall.

Erica walked outside and took pictures of the old out buildings and garages. All were falling down or already in a pile. She walked towards the main garage and opened the old weathered door. She used her flashlight and looked at the old tools and the woof furnace. She walked back and found an office and opened the door. It was the caretakers living quarters. She saw it was in disorder unlike the rest of the building. She looked around and found a large blood stain on the floor. She set up cameras there and connected them with the wifi. She walked out and went back towards the house as Lindsey came out and met up with her. 

"Found the caretakers blood stain. I set up cameras there." She said.

"Okay good." Lindsey said puffing on a smoke

"Well, I was hoping to find the butlers living space." Erica said as they walked towards the house.

"It is the old building over there I think." Lindsey said pointing to a half-fallen building. "He killed everyone on this property. No one knows why he did. He never said why even when they caught him." She said looking at the building. "So, you want to go look in there?" 

"Not really, have enough cameras set up. I even have some aimed outside covering this area. I will aim one towards the butlers old building." She said walking into the house and Lindsey held the door. 

Night had finally say in. The women sat eating before they went looking around in the dark. The mansion was huge and they hadn't even searched most of it. Erica finished her sandwich and stood up to stretch. She got her cameras and voice recorder. Lindsey was outside finishing a smoke and Sherri was manning the monitors and main room. 

"Well, I'm off to find a ghost or two." Erica said placing the body cam on her tank top.

"Ok just don't get lost." Sherri joked as Erica walked down the main hallway and away from the monitor room.

She found a room and sat down in a sheet covered chair. It looked like a guest room or maids room. She took some pictures and recorded as she let the voice recorder record. She listened and waited for anything. She heard a noise in the hallway and went to investigate it.

She poked her head out and looked around.

"Is someone here?" She asked as she watched the voice recorder lights "I'm not here to harm you. Maybe I can help you." She said as the light popped on letting her know it's recording a voice. "What is your name?" She asked as she watched the lights respond and kick off. "Were you one of the butler's victims here?" She asked and waited. The light never came on.

She walked back into the room and a feeling of exhaustion overwhelmed her. She felt dizzy and lost her balance. Erica grabbed the post on the bed so she wouldn't fall. She looked around and heard the door close behind her. She turned as a hand grabbed her ass and lifted her mini skirt showing her thong and nice round ass cheeks. She couldn't fight back as she was pushed backwards onto the bed. She dropped her recorder and camera as the body cam was tossed aside and it recorded everything that was happening. 

She laid dazed as her thong was pulled off exposing her shaved pussy. She tried to fight as her legs were opened and she felt his cold mouth on her warm lips, sucking and tonguing her tight home. Erica felt his tongue inside her as she got wet. She moaned as her juices flowed. Her tank top was pulled down fast, snapping the thin straps and exposing her c cups. The sexy blonde was not expecting this to ever happen.

She felt the sucking and licking stop as she panted. She looked around as her legs were lifted up and opened wide so he could get into her body. She felt the cold tip of the large cock slowly penetrate her pussy. She gasped as he shoved it in fast once the tip had opened it. She felt the ghost fucking her deep and fast, making her cum flow again. The bed creaked and squeaked as he began ramming it deeper and harder. Erica smiled as her pussy took the rough sex. He held her firm tits and pinched her hard nipples as he felt her getting off over and over.

The cock went deep as she moaned and enjoyed it. Her body was slacking in the sex area and it was enjoying the fucking. He grunted and shoved deeper making her moan louder as her body was explored more than ever. He squeezed and teased her tits as her cum oozed around his cock with the thrusts. Erica was in sexual bliss as her body got the roughest fucking ever.

She moaned as the ghost had his was with her. Cum soaked the sheet around her ass as he made sure she was satisfied. Erica was growing weak as the sex went into the second hour. She smiled as she fainted. He got off and shot his ice-cold wads into her warm pussy, making her get off again as she laid smiling and unconscious. He laughed as he left the blonde and went after another victim.

Sherri hadn't checked in on Erica for a while and kicked over to her body cam. She dropped her pop when she saw her crew member laying naked on the bed unconscious. She grabbed her radio.

"Lindsey! Something happened to Erica!" Sherri said frantic.

"What happened?!" Lindsey replied.

"I kicked to her body cam and it is recording her on a bed. She's is naked and unconscious! I don't know what happened yet!" Sherri said trying to rewind the video. "The video feed isn't going back!"

"Okay, I am headed your way. Try to get that video going." Lindsey said.

"Okay." Sherri answered.

He saw her and smiled as she tried to work on the video feed. He looked around and went closer to her as he eyed her body. Erica was the first, now, he had Sherri in his sights.