 Sherri was trying everything she could but the video wouldn't go back. She looked around and was frustrated. She never had anything like this glitch out this bad before. She sat down in the chair and leaned back as she starred at the video feed of Erica laying there. She looked at the monitor of her sitting in the chair and shook her head. She waited for Lindsey to get to her. 

She saw Erica's eyes open and she was moving. Sherri jumped up smiling as her friend was still alive. She grabbed the radio and told Lindsey the good news. She waited for a response, but none came.

"Lindsey?" Sherri asked flipping through cameras trying to locate her. "Are you okay Lindsey?" 

Sherri got nothing but static. She looked around and walked to the hallways and looked down them but didn't see Lindsey. Sherri stood in the middle of the room trying to get ahold of her crew girls, neither answered. She went back to the monitors and started flipping through them again. 

Sherri saw Erica's camera was offline and others were kicking off one by one. The camera showing her was popping up on all the monitors. She tried to get the other cameras online and looked at the cables under the table, they were unplugged. She stood up and looked around. She adjusted her tight jeans and crawled under the table and began to plug them back in.

He smiled at her nice ass and her black thong as it was showing. She didn't think anything about doing her job as her ass was up like that. He lowered himself down behind her and prepared to attack the red headed beauty. He reached around her jeans and unbuttoned them, Sherri didn't even notice it as he worked to get her jeans undone. 

Sherri hurried to reconnect the cables as he had her belt undone and her jeans unbuttoned. She felt a fast tug on her jeans and then realized, her ass was exposed! She went to get out but he held her there as she started to struggle. She felt her thong get slid to the side as he exposed her pink pussy lips. Sherri yelled for help as she felt him fingering her tight body. 

She cried as he finger banged her and held her under the table. She felt herself get off as he laughed as his fingers grew sticky. He removed his fingers and slid the hard, long, cold dick into her warm body. Sherri gasped as it sent her into an orgasm as the cold hit her clit. He held her hips as he slid in and out of the red headed woman. Sherri felt his hand grab her tit and squeeze as he fucked her. 

Sherri couldn't get away as he pounded her tight body. She tried to wiggle free but it only made him go faster and deeper into her. He slapped her ass a few times as she whimpered then let out a startled yelp. He smiled and continued smacking her ass until she was moaning. He knew then she was enjoying the fucking. Sherrie moaned loudly as he thrust deep and slow into her making her cum flow. She had so many orgasms that she lost count as her body grew tired.

Her arms gave out and she laid her arms on the floor and rested her head as her ass was still up in the air. He shoved as deep as he could making the exhausted Sherri moan as more cum spurted out around the ghost dick. She smiled as he picked up speed with the deep thrusts as her body kept getting off to it. Sherri looked around as she fainted. He laughed as he looked down at her. 

Lindsey seemed to have fallen off the grid. He couldn't see her anywhere so he decided to go investigate and find her. He left Sherri naked and unconscious as he flew down the hall looking for his next victim. Lindsey had taken a wrong turn and knew she was lost. Her radio wasn't working and her cell phone had no service. She walked down the dark hall towards what she hoped was where Sherri was. She came to a wall and another hallway. She looked left then right and couldn't decide where to go. She closed her eyes and went to the right. Lindsey knew the mansion was huge but this was ridiculous. 

She came to a set of stairs that went down. She looked back and then back at the stairs.

"This is bull shit." She said as she headed down the stairs.

Lindsey was hoping the stairs led to the basement then she could hopefully find another set that went up. He spotted her and smiled as she walked down the stairs. He knew she was in trouble and lost. He went to take advantage of her situation.