 Lindsey stopped halfway down the stairs and looked back, she was unsure about going down the stairs. She turned around and went back up and went straight. She had her flashight in her hand and digital recorder clipped to her tight jeans waist. She was headed down the dark hall as her flashlight dimmed and flickered.

"Not now." She said shaking it and smacking it as he saw her and smiled. 

The flashlight was really dim but working. She sighed and looked all around trying to figure out her next move. She shook her head and continued with her dim light barley lighting up the hallway.

She walked slowly as he followed a little ways behind her so he could keep an eye on her nice ass. Lindsey stopped as she opened a door and looked in the room. She found the old office of the owner. She walked inside looking at the book cases full of old books and saw the old chairs and couch sitting covered with sheets. Lindsey walked to the desk and pulled the sheet off showing the desk that was in prestine condition. She admired it as she walked around to the back and opened the middle drawer.

It was empty along with the other drawers. She stood behind the desk as he stood in front and smiled at her tight, low cut tank top and nice cleavage. She keep looking around as he saw her pick up an old folder and open it. He realized what folder it was and smacke dit out of her hands. Lindsey jumped as the old folder flew across the room. 

"What the heck?!" She said pulling the recorder and turning it on. She put it on the desk. "Who is here with me?" She asked as she waited for a minute."Why did you smack the folder out of my hand? Was I not supposed to see the papers inside?" She asked again as she waited and looked around. 

She heard a thud and jumped. She looked around as the door slammed shut loudly. Lindsey stood behind the desk frightened as she shooke a little bit. He smiled as he decided how to get to her like the others . Lindsey stuck behind the desk as he talked into the recorder. she felt dizzy and put her hands on the desk. 

He grabbed her wrists and pulled her arms forward. Lindsey let out a started yelp as she fell chest first on the desk. She stuggled as he smiled and used a third arm to grab her pony tail. She looked around as she felt his cold cock slide between her lips. Her eyes were wide as he did her pretty face and forced her to deep throat as she gagged on it. he laughed as he held the sexy ghost hunter at bay as she sucked his ghost cock.

Lindsey felt the cock go deep and then stop as she gagged on it. She wiggled around as he smiled at her. He slowly slid back as she began to breath again. He held the tip at her lips and shoved in and went faster. Her eyes widened as she felt his cock swell up, she knew what was coming next. She bagan to swallow the cum shots as he continued face fucking her. He grunted and finished filling her mouth up. He pulled out as she hung her head coughing. 

She felt something on her wrists and look as a rope tied her wrists to the desk legs. Her legs her tied to the other two legs and pulled apart. She looked around as he slapped her ass. She felt her jeans get unbuttoned and unzipped. She knew she was in trouble as he yanked her jeans down showing her nice round ass cheeks and purple thong.

Lindsey looked back as her thong was pulled down exposing her pretty pink pussy. She struggled again as she felt him rubbing his cock tip on it. She felt him grab her hips and shove deep into her. She moaned as he began fucking her tight body. She bounced back and forth as his cock slid in and out of her wet pussy.

She closed her eyes as her body enjoyed the large dick. She felt her tank top straps get broke as he pulled it down exposing her breasts. He reached around and grabbed them as he continued fucking her. He squeezed her nice firm tits as he continued to ram his dick in and out of her tightness as her cum seeped out around it. 

Her moans filled the room as her body took it. He grabbed her hair and pulled as she got off again. He smiled as the sexy ghost hunter got it better than she ever had. Lindesy grew weak as he wore her out. He went faster and deeper as he felt it growing closer. Lindsey felt the cock swell inside her making her cum once more. Then it happened, he got off and filled her full of his cum. He pulled out as Lindsey laid her head on the desk and fainted. He picked up the recorder and talked into it and put it beside her when he was done. 

He knew sunrise was soon and disappeared down the hall. The ghost hunters were still out cold when the sun came up. He was back where he had emerged from. The women found each other and untied Lindsey. They left and vowed never to return to the old mansion. Lindsey never thought to check her recorder.