 This idea hit me last night and I just had to write about it. I hope y'all like it cuz I did just thinking about it. :) If you like it, and want to read more on the subject, let me know. Best wishes to everyone.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

His gloved hand reached over to the skipping record player and put the needle back in its place. He made one final lick of the envelope that he held in his other hand and closed it, setting it down next to the stack of envelopes that had already formed on his desk. His plan was almost ready to go into effect.

*********

Lauren was pissed. Her ass of a boyfriend, ex-boyfriend, had just dumped her over the phone. "It's not you," he said. "It's me." What a lame excuse. She banged open her front door and went to the mailbox. God, sometimes she just longed for the old days. A time when everything had been simpler. Or maybe she was just imagining things.

Collecting the mail, she stomped back into the house angrily, her rage only intensifying as she saw the numerous bills that had arrived, along with several pieces of junk mail. Tossing these to the side, she noticed a letter that was hand-addressed to her. "Wonder who sent this," she said to the empty room. There was no return address.

Turning the letter over in her hand, she slid her finger down the top and took out the contents. Just a photograph. On the back of the picture the word "Soon" was written and she turned it over wondering what the hell that was supposed to mean. 

The picture was from when she was in 8th grade, but she remembered it well. The last time her and all her boys had been together, they had taken this photo; she had a copy of it in her photo album. She smiled as she studied the familiar faces in the picture. Dan, Tyler, Scott, Ryan, Adam, Michael, and Chad stared happily back from the picture, surrounding Lauren. She had been the only girl in her class from the 2nd grade till the 8th grade; the joys of going to a small private grade school. She wondered what her boys were doing now.

The photo brought back so many memories; the basketball tournaments which the boys had one, playing football with them, going bowling with them. She found herself digging out the phonebook and looking up numbers. Finally she found one and dialed the number.

"Hello," said the deep male voice at the other end. 

"Is this Dan?" she said nervously. She hadn't talked to any of her boys since high school. 

"Yeah," said the guy. "Who's this?"

"It's Lauren," she said haltingly. "Lauren Millford."

"Lauren!" Dan said happily. "I was actually just about to call you." 

"You were?" she asked, surprised.

"Yeah, I wanted to ask you if you sent me this picture of us from 8th grade. It just came to my house."

"No, I didn't send it," she said confused.

"Well maybe it's time to gather the rest of our old classmates and find out who did." He laughed. "I haven't seen you in forever, girl."

They chattered back and forth for some time, and she gave him directions to her house. He said he would call the rest of the boys and make sure they came over to her house too. All of a sudden she was in a tizzy, running around like a crazy woman trying to clean her house which hadn't been cleaned in some time. When she was done cleaning, she took a long shower, and then did her hair and makeup, just in time for the doorbell to ring. "Just a minute!" she yelled as she pulled on a black skirt and a sleeveless white top. 

Trying to calm her breathing a bit, she relaxed on the doorknob for a moment before pulling open the door to reveal Dan standing there. His face lit up when he saw her and they hugged. "I'm glad you're the first one here," she said to him. "Come on in."

They went through all the routines of two friends who hadn't seen each other in a long time. As they talked she couldn't help but compare the Dan of 8th grade to the one sitting across from her now. He had been tall as an 8th grader, but now he towered over her; she guessed six foot something. His dirty blond hair was still the same; he kept it sticking up in messy spikes, a hairstyle that she always liked. He had been skinny in grade school and throughout high school, but a man stood in front of her today. His upper chest had broadened no doubt from playing hockey, a sport that had always been his favorite.

She found herself inching closer to him as he spoke, mesmerized by the lips that she had once thought to be too small. "Lauren," he said, pulling her out of her reverie, his voice somewhat breathy. She looked up into his blue eyes and was surprised to find him staring at her with a lustful look. Dan and she had never even come close to hooking up in the past. He placed his hand on her thigh, looking at her to make sure it was alright and she welcomed his touch. 

His long fingers slid up her thigh, feeling the heat that emulated from her already moistening pussy. "Let's go to my room," she stuttered and they both rose from the couch; her leading the way to her room. 

Shirts and pants/skirts came off in a matter of minutes as soon as they entered, both of them trying to control their overwhelming sexual desires. "I've never been with a black woman before," he confessed. "But I've always had fantasies about you." She smiled and stepped out of her black lace thong. Her fingers reached for his boxers and pulled them off his still bony hips. 

It was kind of odd, seeing an old classmate of hers naked, but his nude body was breathtaking as she looked down at him. He was already stiff and his cock, although being rather skinny, was incredibly long. Her body tingled and he gently pushed her against the bed, and positioned himself above her. 

Her bare breasts rubbed against his chest as he pressed into her and her nipples grew in sensitivity. He took one of them into his mouth, sucking and biting it. She writhed underneath him as he inhaled the fleshy nub; she could feel her pussy getting wetter by the moment. Finally his mouth left her breast and trailed its way up to her mouth. His deep blue eyes locked onto her soft brown ones for a moment before he lowered his mouth to hers and they kissed softly, nibbling on one another's lips. 

He broke the kiss and ran his hands down her body, caressing her breasts lightly before moving to her aching clit. She moaned in anticipation before his fingers ever touched it, and when he finally did she felt as if she would burst. He played with the hardened nub for a moment before reaching for her hand, and bringing her fingers down to her clit, he said, "Play with it for me." 

Her breasts jiggled with each movement she made and his hungry eyes took in all that cleavage bouncing around. As she began to moan with the pleasure she was giving herself, he began to push at her entrance, slowly, almost lovingly. He slid into her inch by inch, his eyes never leaving her breasts as she used her free hand to pinch her own nipples. 

He pushed into her until his sac slapped against her ass and she felt the tip of him hitting against her insides. She moaned loudly, concentrating hard to keep her finger moving on her own clit. He grabbed her legs, throwing them over his strong arms, and finally began pounding himself in and out between her quivering thighs. 

She screamed out in a mixture of pleasure and pain as he hit her tender spots time and time again. He bent his head to bite at her sore nipples, his grunts audible even around the mouthful of tit he was sucking. 

She could no longer finger her clit, and she let her hands fall back onto the bed, grabbing at the sheets each time he thrust inside of her. "I'm going to cum," he announced and his pace quickened, slamming against her body with terrific speed. "Oh god!" he yelled and threw back his head and moaned, his hot load of cum spilling into the depths of her body. All she could do was groan loudly as his orgasm triggered hers, hot waves of pleasure sweeping over her body. Her pussy clenched and unclenched, milking the seed from him. Her hips jerked spastically and her breath came in short gasps. 

He collapsed on top of her, both of them panting with the force of the orgasm. 

******

"What a show," he thought as he stood outside her bedroom window, watching as the two mated like animals. "It took the little slut a whole five minutes to go to bed with him." He chuckled and rubbed his own stiff cock which throbbed for release beneath his black jeans. "There'll be time for you later," he said to his cock, even as he massaged it. He did not want to miss a single moment as Miss Slut Lauren Millford saw her old classmates again, one by one. "Little slut doesn't even close her blinds," he thought. That just proved that she wanted him to see. Subconsciously, she knew he was out there watching, and she liked it. "You'll get what's coming to you soon enough you little whore," he thought as he backed into the shadows once again, awaiting his perfect moment.

******

Darkness had come as she and Dan had been fucking and she realized that her classmates would probably show up any minute. 

"We have to get dressed," she said laughing nervously. He nodded in agreement and slowly redressed. She threw on a robe that hung behind the closet and gathering her clothes, headed to the bathroom. She could still feel his cum, dripping down her legs and knew she couldn't possibly face the rest of her classmates looking like this. "Make yourself at home," she called back to him as she closed the bathroom door. 

She looked in the mirror, disbelieving that she had just fucked her 8th grade classmate like that after so many years. She had never looked at him in any way besides friends, but now they had just had sex. "Christ," she thought. "I'm turning into a sex-crazed maniac."

She finished cleaning herself off and after redoing her hair and makeup she stepped out of the bathroom, just in time to hear the doorbell ring. Dan was seated on the sofa, watching some show on TV, making no move to answer the door; although he smiled up at her while she passed.

She turned the light on outside and opened the door. Chad and Scott stood on her front porch. "Hey guys," she said excitedly, hugging them both. "Come in. Dan's already here." 

Chad, always the joker of the group said, "Hey Dan, I thought you said the party didn't start till 8." The two men came through the door and sat on the sofa, immediately drawn in by whatever was playing on TV. "Ah ha!" she thought. "He came early so he would get to be alone with me, the little devil." She smiled and then heard another car pull into her driveway. 

The Halloween lights she had put out earlier that week automatically turned on illuminating Michael and Tyler as they walked across her yard and up to the front door.

"Hey guys!" she said happily, giving each of them a hug as well. They looked the same, only a tad older. In grade school she had a crush on both of them, usually switching every year. 8th grade she had been hopelessly in love with Tyler, and he was still the cuter of the two as he smiled down at her with his light blue eyes and dimpled cheeks. 

"Wow," Mike said as she hugged him, drawing back to look at her fully. "You look great." She smiled.

"Thanks." Lauren had lost a lot of weight since high school and she felt proud of her accomplishment. "So who are we still missing?" she asked as she walked around the sofa and took a seat. The sectional sofa was big enough for all of them if they squished close together and when Tyler sat down close enough for her to feel his body heat, her heart beat faster and she began to flush.

"Ryan and Adam," Chad said around a mouthful of Skittles. He hadn't changed one bit. Back in 8th grade he had announced to everyone, "I'm not fat, I'm fluffy!" The name stuck and even though he was no longer fluffy, they still called him that.

"So Fluffy," said Dan. "And I guess all the rest of you. Did you get a picture of us from 8th grade with the word "soon" written on the back? Me and Lauren did." Mike and Scott nodded and Tyler and Chad took the pictures from their pocket, handing them to Dan. "Same handwriting," said Dan as he handed them to Lauren for examination. 

Chad and Tyler had the same photograph as her and Dan. Looking at Scott and Mike, she asked, "Did you get this same photo?" She showed it to them, and they both nodded confirming they had received it. 

"Who the hell sent it?" asked Scott and they all said, "I didn't!" 

"Maybe Ryan or Adam did," she thought out loud. "Adam did move away after grade school and it's been a while since he's seen all of us. But I don't know why he would just write "soon" and nothing else." The boys looked at her wordlessly. 

"I couldn't find Ryan's number," said Dan. "So I called his mom and left a message with her. She said he leaves for days at a time and she has no idea where he is. Adam will be late by the way, he's flying in from Seattle." 

Lauren sighed as the mystery of the photograph went unsolved. But they all forgot about it as they ordered a pizza and settled in to watch a movie. 

Finally, the doorbell rang, signaling the pizza's arrival and Lauren jumped up to answer the door. "Now Fluffy, leave some for the rest of us," she joked as she pulled open the door. 

"Oh my god!!!!" she screamed as a body fell through the door. She fell to the floor hard and scrambled backwards away from it. The boys had risen from the sofa and were standing around her looking at the bloodied body that had landed just inside the front door of Lauren's home. She felt sick and turned her head to the side to vomit. "Oh my god," she said again, feeling tears come to her eyes. 

Mike stepped forward and examined the body; somewhere in the house she could hear Chad screaming into his cell phone for help. Tyler was looking out the front door for any signs of the murderer. Mike turned the body over and Adam's face stared at them, his mouth open in horror, his eyes wide with pain. 

Scott was holding onto her as she screamed wordlessly. She could make out Dan's blanched face in the fog that threatened to overwhelm her. She couldn't think, couldn't feel; she felt like she was outside her body watching the events happening around her. The distant wail of sirens told her the police were on their way. Tyler came to her saying, "it's okay, it's okay," over and over again. She finally realized that the cries she heard were coming from her own mouth. Adam's lifeless eyes seemed to be staring directly at her, as if blaming her somehow for his death. She passed out.

*******

He laughed maniacally as soon as he reached his apartment. Oh, for the looks on their faces, he would have done it all again. Especially the slut; he had caught a glimpse of her passed out before he had had to run away, lest the police catch him watching the horrific scene. 

His prick was still hard from watching her, lying on the floor so helplessly, unaware that her skirt was up and her legs were spread; through his binoculars he had seen everything, including the wet spot that still stained her white panties. He could barely wait to get his hands on her. But he told himself that patience was the key.

*******

Lauren came to just in time for the police to want to question her. She told them about the photograph she had received and how all the old classmates had decided to get together. They asked her about Ryan. "Ryan Long," she told them. The detective went outside to gather any information on Ryan Long that he could.

Adam's body had been removed from the premises, and a police forensic team was cleaning the blood from her living room carpet. She looked around at the boys, her boys; they were now short one member. Tyler came to her as she lay on the sofa.

"How do you feel?" he asked. 

She stared at him helplessly, not knowing how to voice her feelings at the moment. "I need to get out of this house."

The police got ready to leave, and after cautioning the group, Lauren especially, to be careful and to stick together, they left. Lauren stayed huddled on the couch underneath a blanket, but inside she felt as if she would never be warm again. 

The boys quickly decided that they would go to Tyler's house; no one wanted to be alone. Lauren finally got off the couch and gathered some of her things. She leaned on Tyler's strong shoulders as he led her to his car and buckled her into the front seat. Mike slipped into the back and began to rub her shoulders, comforting her as best he could. Nothing like this had ever happened to any of them before and everyone was scared and confused.

The train of three cars arrived at Tyler's house, and pulled into his gravel driveway. Maybe the murderer wouldn't find them out here in this small town; after all Tyler's phone number and address was unlisted. Lauren decided not to rely on wishful thinking. As Tyler and Mike helped her out of the car; her legs felt ready to give out. 

After entering the house, Tyler led her to his room and helped her lay on the large bed. She could see all the boys in the doorway, looking at her with concern. "Please," she whispered. "Stay here with me. All of you." 

Tyler took off his shirt and climbed in next to her; she moved to the center of the bed to make space. She turned her body to face away from him, and let his body heat warm her cold skin. Mike slid in on the other side of her, turning his back to her and she let her arm encircle his small waist. Trapped between the twin warmths of Mike and Tyler, she began to feel much better. Dan lay at the foot of the bed, laughing as he said, "Just don't kick me, guys." She smiled and said, "I'll try not to." Chad and Scott took places on either side of Mike and Tyler, their hands reaching across to stroke her skin. With so many hands on her body, she couldn't help but feeling safe and as Tyler turned to reach across Scott to turn off the light, she began to fall into a deep sleep. She didn't notice that Tyler was hard, or that her hands had accidentally found Mike's nipples and were playing across them, nor did she notice that he had begun to breathe harder. Her only thoughts as she fell asleep were wishes that she could stay like this with her boys forever.

******

Daylight had come and gone and now it was Halloween night. He loved Halloween because it meant he could walk down the street however he pleased, and no one would take notice of him.

He was dressed in his customary black jeans and black t-shirt, a Michael Myers type mask covering his face. The small town in which his prey was hidden out was not ideal for hunting. He had parked his car several blocks away from the house, so that police would not notice it. He walked down the street, moon flashing on the silver blade of his knife. He had been right; parents trick or treating with their children paid him no mind as he walked, one even yelling out, "Going to Blake's big Halloween party? Don't drink all the beer before I get there, buddy!" He smiled beneath his mask at the stupidity of people on Halloween. A group of pre-teen boys came around the corner, stopping short as they got a look at him. "Damn, mister! That's an awfully big knife you're carrying," one of the little pests uttered. 

"I'm going to a Halloween party," he replied calmly. "It's part of my costume. Can't you tell? I'm Michael Myers." The boys sniggered and the little brat who had spoken said again, "Well you sure look like him! Have fun, mister." They passed him and he walked on without further incident, finally arriving at his prey's house and hiding himself in the shadows.

********

Lauren had spent the day sleeping, and now the only person who lay next to her was Tyler. 

"'Bout time you woke up," he smiled at her and she brought her lips to his. "Thanks for taking care of me," she said. His arm was still draped across her waist and she liked the feel of it. "You know, you were always my favorite in grade school." He looked at her seriously for a moment, and then kissed her, this time a real kiss. His tongue massaged hers as he slipped it inside her mouth and his hand wandered down her body, stopping on her ass. He pulled her roughly against him and said, "So you want me." It wasn't really a question, but a statement. She nodded at him, "More than anything."
