 Many thanks to BlackRandl1958, GeorgeAnderson, Todd172 and Bebop3. 

*

"Good morning, my darling." 

His voice woke me in in that insufferably cheery way. The bastard. 

"Sleepy again? Don't worry, I've made you a nice, strong cup of coffee. Just the way you like it."

Asshole.

"Fresh orange juice."

I hated him.

"Fresh Croissants. They are still warm."

One of these days I was going to kill him.

"I've managed to make a latte art heart on your Cappuccino. To express my love for you."

I'd do it slowly.

"Nothing is too good for my good girl."

Painfully. I wanted to see him suffer.

"It is so cute to see how you sleep in. You look so sweet while you're sleeping."

First, I wanted to see his face. I needed to know who he was. What I'd done to him. Why he was doing this. 

Yes, I'd slept in again. That was hardly a miracle after the night we'd had together. Well, together might be the wrong term. I suffered while he probably sat somewhere, on his fat, pimply, ugly ass, directing this.

The breakfast was on the table, which meant that he'd been in here again, while I was sleeping. I'd never seen him. I was glad for that. I only wanted to see him once: the moment I'd kill him.

Most of the time, I got my food through a hatch, but not after nights like last night. The exhausted sleep had at least spared me from hearing the rats scurrying through my cell during the night. They had horrified me in the early days, but I was long past that.

"I was all right, for a while."

No! Not that shitty song again! Right on cue, my right eye started twitching again.

"I could smile for a while."

I knew he'd play that song again, but that didn't make it easier. At least it wasn't extremely loud this time.

"But I saw you last night."

That shit made me puke. I had no idea what the song was. Some schmaltzy stuff from the 1950s, probably.

"You held my hand so tight."

I imagined holding his neck so tight. Until he stopped twitching, preferably. All that was twitching right now was my damn eye, though.

"As you stopped to say hello."

"Noooooo!" I couldn't help myself. I didn't want to react, to show weakness. I just couldn't stand that song anymore. I had heard it a thousand times since I'd been here, and I wouldn't have been surprised if my ears were bleeding whenever he played it.

The song stopped and I heard him chuckle. 

"Good girl."

Damn, another win for him. I hated him, I hated that song, I hated to be called "good girl," like a dog. I don't think I knew what real hate meant before I ended up in here. Sure, I knew the general sense, but it turned out I had no idea. What I had experienced in here had shaped the true ugly meaning of that word. Now, I was one of the leading experts on hate.

I still had to decide what to do about that damn breakfast. I was so hungry and it looked so delicious that I wanted to puke. It was a Trojan horse, probably laced with drugs most people had never even heard about. Sometimes after he drugged me, I was totally hyper, sometimes I was depressed, sometimes I had panic attacks, sometimes I just fell asleep. He could play me like a piano, using the small chemical plant inside my head.

Falling asleep might sound like the best option, but it wasn't. As soon as I got tired after eating, I knew what was about to come. I fought sleep as long as possible, always in vain. I woke up in weird surroundings, or bound, suspended, under water, whatever. I thought I had seen every sadistic situation known to man by then, but his torturous creativity continued to surprise me.

I hated him and he knew that I did. It was a good clean hatred, undisturbed by any kind of positive feeling. His cheery fake ignorance just reinforced it. My twitching right eye seemed to agree, as well.

I looked around for the thousandth time. My room, no, my cell, was relatively large, but mostly empty. There was the simple bed I was lying on, a metal toilet, a mirror and the small wooden table, which was bolted to the wall like everything else. The mirror was made from polished steel instead of glass. I would have committed suicide a long time ago if it wasn't, which he had obviously taken into account. The only movable thing was a bucket I could fill with water to wash myself.

The old brick walls were damp, bordering on wet. There was a puddle in one corner. It was the darkest corner, the one I avoided whenever I could. I didn't like the vibes in that corner, it seemed scary, almost evil. At times, probably when it was raining outside, the drops falling into that puddle were enough to drive me insane.

There was one source of light, which was some kind of bright LED thing, protected by a grid. It determined what was day and what was night in my cell. The sun seemed like a distant memory. Although I had no access to a clock, I suspected that the cycle was highly irregular, which added a lot to my general confusion and tiredness. 

Some things about my situation were bad. Some were almost unbearable. His cheery mood was among the latter. One of the worst, though, was the absence of natural light. I had not the slightest idea where I was. I had no idea how long I'd been here.

I finally gave in and moved towards the breakfast tray, as I always did. I hated myself for it, as I always did. I would have preferred to refuse his soiled gift, but my hunger was just too strong. He laughed through the speakers, as he always did. 

"Good girl."

Okay, he had defeated me again, but did he have to rub it in like this? Of course, I hated him even more for it. I had tried to start some kind of hunger strike some indefinable time ago, but I quickly came to the conclusion that I probably cared more about me staying alive than he did. I realized that I was playing poker with bad hands and stopped. If he wanted to kill me, there was nothing I could do about it, but I wouldn't do the job for him.

"Enjoy your breakfast, my sweet wife." his distorted, inhuman sounding voice told me through the hidden speakers. 

I might have been confused about a lot of things, but I was absolutely certain that I had never been married. My bloodied fingers moved towards the food as if they had a will of their own. My finger nails had long since been bitten down by my teeth, which also seemed to have a will of their own. The feeling that I was beginning to lose control over my body and my mind should have alarmed me. It didn't. Base instincts ruled. Survival. Hunger, in this case. As always, food was served in disposable tableware. Nothing could be used as a tool or weapon.

As I started to eat the disgustingly tasty food, I again tried to figure out what all of this was about. He had never told me, but I knew what he wanted. I was also sure he knew that I knew. We knew each other well, me and my "husband."

He wanted to drive me mad. Plain and simple. I didn't know why. I didn't know who he was. I just knew that he was about to succeed.

