 My first attempt at writing this kind of story. Hopefully any readers out there enjoy it. Please feel free to write any comments you might have are any suggested areas of improvement. But please keep your criticism constructive. Want to give a shout out to the author GP Lockwood, loving your stories that I wanted to start my own. Added your name as the surname of the protagonist, I hope you don't mind.

The following story is purely fictional (obviously) all involved are over the age of 18. I guess it is classified as erotic horror because of the succubus theme, but will feature many categories, including mind control, incest, fantasy, non-human, group, bondage, anal and mild non-consent. If this isn't you particular cup of tea, please don't read further.

This chapter is really to get a feel of how it is received, if I get a few interested readers, I will continue the story, as I'm sure you will discover as you read, there is much more to come. This chapter is only edited by me, so apologies for any mistakes I made. If there is an editor out there feeling like editing future chapters, please let me know. Enjoy!


My Mother, the Succubus. – Chapter 1


"Mr. Lockwood?"

Involuntarily, a shiver ran down my spine. I missed a step and nearly stumbled at the name. Surely, my mind immediately, and juvenilely, concluded, They cannot be referring to me...

I hurriedly continued down the hallway, ignoring the concierge as best I could. Bumping past an elderly couple dressed like they intended to visit the hotel's sauna.

"Mr. Lockwood!" came the next call, and this time, the bottom of my stomach seemed to drop from my body. Every horror and fear my panicked mind had imagined for the last five years seemed to bubble to the surface. Half my brain seemed bent on flight, my legs beginning to bend to spring me into a run. The other half of my mind raged up, defiantly ready to argue and fight. My expression must have been almost threatening, as the concierge did a double take as he finally caught up to me.

"Sir, I..." he stammered hesitantly, before regaining his composure, "Mr. Lockwood, are you alright?"

"Stop calling me that!" I snapped, "How do you know that name? Where did you hear it!" Seeing his uncertainly pushed my mind into anger. "I specifically left no surname when I checked in, that was crucial!"

"I... I'm sorry sir, I didn't know. My manager told me your name. I apologise, I meant no offence."

I glared at the young man, who looked only a year younger at most than my 18 years. I had had more than enough practice at being alone though. I knew well how to handle myself. "How did he know it? It was he to whom I requested that I not be known by anything than Alexander."

"Sir, he asked me to send you to him urgently when I saw you. He said you had a reply to your letter."

Another shiver ran down my spine at the implications. Flight screamed through my mind again; a desperate need to run and not look back. Had the enemy found me at long last? 

The concierge gestured for me to follow, and I numbly did, though my eyes danced around the hotel lobby, looking anywhere for a sign that something was wrong, that something was out of place...

My mind wandered to the short letter I had sent, the only correspondence of any kind I had sent in my 5 years of hiding; 

Rosie, Happy 18th birthday, my wonderful twin. I miss you always. A.J.

Was that enough to ruin my desperate attempt at saving my own life? My constant fear and vigilance? Had it all been undone my a single moment of human weakness?

I was lead to the staff doorways and led through the bowels of the hotel until I came to an impressive polished wooden door with the word Manager – John Deans inscribed on it. The concierge entered without knocking, and a concerned looking elderly man waited for me, wearing a pleasant maroon suit.

Mr Deans stood, and nodded his head with what looked to be sympathy, "As I thought, you are indeed Alexander Lockwood."

I chose not to answer, instead noted the open winder to the right, my nearest escape point.

"I take it you are wondering how we knew such a thing. You received a reply to your letter, a rather desperate one at that."

Of course they are desperate my mind thought, they cannot find me, I have evaded my enemy... Instead, I chose my words more carefully, "I left no return address, and I made sure none was marked when the concierge posted it."

"I remember the request, yes," the manager replied softly. "Our envelopes are watermarked with our hotel brand, 'Central Resorts Inc.' A few days after we send your letter, a reply was send to our national office, pleading our entire chain of hotels to try and locate the sender, a young man named Alexander Jacob's.

Typical, I thought, they will try anything. They might not yet know where I am, I still have time to escape, I cannot afford to be so careless again...

The reply came from the uneasy looking Mr Deans when silence was all the responded he got from me, "The response came from your sister, a miss Tara Lockwood..."

"What!" I snapped, "Tara? What did she say? What's happened?"

My mind flooded with worry. My father had told me it was only me they sought. Would they take my sister if they couldn't have me?

The manager produced a piece of paper with the printed email reply. I snatched it quickly, and saw the reply below a photo of my letter,

Dear Central Resorts Inc. I beg of you to help me. I received a letter from one of your hotels from somewhere around the country from my brother, Alexander Lockwood. It was addressed to my baby sister Rosie. Alex ran away from home when he was 13, five years ago, and has been missing ever since. But now I need him to come home as there has been a terrible car crash. My mother and our other sister Amelia were killed, and Rosie is in Intensive Care. They don't think she will make it. With our father gone as well, Alex is the only family we have left. Please, have mercy, if you know where he is, please contact me or let him know we need him at home urgently. Please help us. Tara Lockwood.

My knees started trembling and my hands began to shake as I fought back tears. Amelia... no, not Amelia. My mothers death didn't even register as a shock. I felt nothing for her. She had always hated me, always stalked and raged at me. It was like I was a burden to her, a tumour. I shed no sympathy for her passing, but my sisters were where the love that remained in my heart was divided.

Especially for my twin... "Rosie..." I whispered.

I had to check, I had to see her. Rosie, my best friend and dearest sister... the thought was indescribable. 

It could have been a trap, elaborate but possible, but I didn't want to live if my sisters were lost to this world.

"Mr. Deans, I would like to check out please."

