 The campfire danced and flickered as I sat gazing into it from the mouth of the tent. Dusk was just beginning to settle in around us as the popping of the fire and the chirping of birds filled my ears from seemingly every direction. The seven of us were camped in a patch of woodland on the outskirts of a small village roughly 6 months since the outbreak went viral and the dead had begun to walk. It started off as a few weird stories on the news and on the internet, but seemed to blow up into a global pandemic out of nowhere. My sister and I were in New York at the time shit really hit the fan. We had travelled there to see a concert for my 18th birthday. 

I remember being in our hotel room with the news on the TV in the background. We were glued to our phones, scrolling through social media and forums were people were posting photos, videos and their stories of the dead roaming around outside of their homes. Others posted about the military setting up blockades and rolling down the street in tanks and jeeps, armed to the teeth with heavy weaponry. Details were streaming in thick and fast at first: stay indoors, don't let them bite you, aim for the head. But the details soon became more specific. It appeared that whatever infection or disease the dead has contracted were causing them to revert to basic human instincts. Several of the videos we saw online saw them biting and eating the men which, if they were lucky enough to escape being eaten, would soon turn you into one of these things...into a zombie. But if you were a female, your fate was much worse. Much worse. They attempted to breed with you.

I'm snapped to my senses by a pile of branches and sticks being dumped next to me.

"Get some of those on the fire, it's starting to fade out" my sister, Amy says as she dusts her hands off.

"Did we find anything decent today?" I ask, shuffling forward and prodding a handful of kindling onto the flames.

"Just a couple of rabbits. Mark and Joe are preparing them now" Amy states, kneeling down next to me.

She had been my protector ever since that night in New York. I was so scared, I knew she was too but she managed to retain such a calm demeanour. Our plan was to travel back home to our parents in Washington, but we soon came to learn how much of an impossible task this would be. By midnight of that night, our cell phone service had dropped. At around the same time, the power had been cut to the hotel and the surrounding blocks. And then the gunfire started. It erupted through the night and into the early morning light. Sometimes it just sounded like distant bangs, other times it sounded as though a shot was being fired in our very room. We spent the night huddled together in the same bed with the other bed shoved against the door.

The next morning, we dared ourselves to sneak out of the room. I remember it so vividly, tiptoeing down the corridor, not having a clue what was going on with the rest of the world, not knowing what was waiting for us around every corner. We eventually reached the lobby after running down four flights of stairs, and what greeted us could only be described as a scene from a horror movie. The zombies must have breached the front entrance of the hotel as bodies littered the ground. Bullet holes and splatters of blood covered the walls as I gripped Amy's arm looking around, eyes wide and alert.

Suddenly, the sound of a woman's scream pierced the air like another gun shot. I felt Amy tense up as the screams came nearer. She yanked me across the lobby as we stepped over the bodies and into the street outside. It didn't take us long to spot her. It was a woman with jet black hair. She must have been in her early 30's, running down the street, waving an arm frantically as she spotted us. She was naked from the waist down, only wearing a shirt which had been ripped which she clutched in the middle with her hand.

"Wh-what do we do!?" I gasped, looking around us for other signs of immediate danger.

"We need to help her!" Amy shouted, signalling to the woman.

She rushed over, eyes wild. "I've been raped!" she sobbed, throwing her arms around Amy and sobbing. "They're coming, they're coming!" she yelled.

And sure another, 4 people came staggering from behind a bus from the direction the woman had come running from. I saw them shuffling over, gormless expressions on their faces visible even from here.

"What the fuck..." I mumbled, horrified, when I suddenly saw something move out of the corner of my eye. Some of the bodies in the hotel lobby had become roused by our voice as they began to jerk and shudder, preparing to stand up.

"April, this way!" Amy yelled at me, tugging my arm as the three of us dashed away from the hotel and down the street. I could see the inside of the woman's thighs glistening in the sunlight as she ran, covered in some kind of slime. It was only until I saw a big glob of cum drip from her exposed pussy and land on the back of her leg did I finally realise what it was.

We managed to find refuge in a corner shop around 5 minutes later after dodging large groups of zombie staggering out of alleyways and down the street.

"They're everywhere!" I panted, ducking behind the counter as I tried to catch my breath.

"Just keep quiet!" Amy hissed.

The other woman was next to us, curled in a ball in the corner. Her breath was coming out in large gasps and her lips seem oddly fuller than they did early. Her breasts also looked bigger and her nipples were swollen and puffy. She was no longer trying to cover them up.

"Are you okay?" I whispered to her, but she ignored me.

"Wait here" Amy instructed. "I'm going to go in the back and see if there are any clothes for her to wear."

I nodded, allowing her to take the lead as I peered over the counter and back into the street. It didn't look as though they knew we were in here.

Suddenly, the woman behind me began to moan.

I spin around. "Are you okay?" I ask, worried what was the matter with her. She had peeled off her shirt and was now naked. I became aware she was also tracing her finger over her pussy which was swollen and leaking a thick, pale green substance. I could tell that she was sweating profusely, her hair was damp and her skin was glowing.

She looked at me and licked her plump lips which looked as though she had gotten some kind of botex in the last few minutes.

I stared at her, open mouthed as she began to sit up, never taking her eyes off of me.

"I want you...so bad!" she moaned as she started to crawl over to me.

"Err...Amy!?" I called out as I shuffled back. The woman suddenly tried to grab me which causes me to lose my balance and fall on my back. Her hand reached out and latched onto my ankle as she dragged me towards her. She had a crazed look in her eyes which looked cloudy and inhuman.

I screamed out of instinct and kicked back at her as she climbed on top of me, the zombie cum oozing out of her pussy in long gooey ropes and staining my top.

"Open your whore mouth!" She snarled, gripping my throat with her hand as she shuffled up to guide her pussy over my mouth.

I pursed my lips together and pushed at the women with my hands but she effortlessly swept them aside.

And then, out of nowhere, Amy appears and cracked the woman across the back of the head with a baseball bat, sending her falling off of me and collapsing face first onto the floor.

I scrambled up and fell against the wall. I had cum on my hands and I hastily wiped them on my jeans.

"Are you okay?! What happened?! Did she turn into one of those things?!" Amy asked frantically as she rushed over to me.

"I have no idea! She was fine and then...and then...I think she was trying to force that stuff coming out of her...you know...into my mouth!" I gasped breathlessly, not taking my eyes off of her.

"Fuck! What the fuck!" Amy moaned. But our shock and bewilderment had to wait as the zombies outside must have heard my scream. They pounded on the window and rattled the door as they tried to force their way inside.

The woman began to raise her head, groaning viciously as she looked up at Amy and I.

"Let's go, out the back!" Amy commanded as we dashed across the room as the doors burst open and the dead came spilling in.

Six months on, and we have met up with another group. We understand the dead much better now and know how to avoid them and fight them when necessary. It appears that zombie cum corrupts the mind of a female and turns them into a sex crazed, bimbofied shell of their former self. These types of zombies can spread this bimbofication through their own bodily fluids, including their saliva.

Satisfied with the strength of the fire, I returned to my position at the mouth of the tent and crossed my legs. We had all but abandoned making it back home to Washington. We knew we wouldn't make it on our own, and other survivors were few and far in-between, with many we did meet proving to be hostile.

I stared into the flames as a brisk chill made me shiver. A couple of the other women, a girl a year older than I was and her mother, where hanging some recently washed clothes over a make-shift rack to my right. One of the men was filling some handgun magazines with bullets in the mouth of the tent to my left. Amy walked back over to me holding a small tin dish which contained a small helping of rice and a few chunks of meat from one of the previous hunts.

"It's getting colder" I stated bluntly as I began eating my food.

Amy nods. "We need to find a place to settle down. Somewhere with walls, a roof..." she muses.

"...And water...and food..." I continue, sighing.

"Do you think maybe if-" I begin as a crack like thunder explodes through the camp. I instinctively duck down and look to the guy who was loading bullets, thinking he may have fired by an accident. But as I do so, I see him grab his gun and stand, taking aim before another shot rings out and hits him in the chest. He falls backwards onto his tent which collapses under him. People are screaming and running around frantically. Amy pushes past me and grabs a machete from inside of our tent.

"Come on! Get up!" She screams at me, pulling me up by the arm. "Keep your head down!"

We dash through the campsite as chaos erupts around us. Flashes of gunfire light up the trees before us as several men spill into the campsite from every angle.

"We're surrounded!" I yell as Amy stands in front of me, aiming her machete at 3 men who have spotted us. They aim their guns at us and advance. "I'm warning you!" She screams, her voice breaking as she backs me up until we hit a tent. The gunfire has stopped as I look around frantically and see other men binding the two women who were washing the clothes just two minutes ago.

"Put it down" one of the men growls as he walks over to us. "Make it easier on yourself".

"Don't do this!" Amy pleads as the man comes within arm's reach. She swings at him with the machete but he grabs her arm and swings his rifle hard into her belly.

"Amy!" I squeal as she doubles over and sinks to the ground. I rush forward to her instinctively as the man who hit her swings his rifle up again, catching me in the jaw as the world around me spins and descends into darkness.

"Ugh...ughhh" I moan, trying to move my arms which I soon realise are bound behind my back. My ankles are also tied together. I open my eyes and see a few other bodies around me in the darkness. We're in the back of a van which bounces and dips over a rough road.

"April! Are you okay!?" Amy hisses from beside me. I feel like my face has doubled in size from the blow I received.

"Wh-where are we!?" I ask, panicking and squirming around as I try and free myself.

"Hey...hey...just look at me" Amy commands. I do as she says...she still looks so damn calm.

"Nothing is going to happen to you...I promise" she says, never breaking eye contact with me.

I purse my lips close as I feel my eyes watering, fear kicking in. The mother and daughter from earlier were also bound next to us. I could hear the daughter, Jess, sobbing quietly as I tried to repress my own sobs.

Roughly half an hour later, the van grinds to a halt as I hear a few other vehicles pull up next to us. The driver steps out and walks around the van to the back where he throws open the doors as several of his companions stand behind him, rifles slung over their shoulders.

Two of the men step in, switchblades in their hands as we all beg and plead, scrambling away from them as best as we could before they grab us and cut the bonds around our ankles.

"Up! Come on!" they command, grabbing us from under the arm and forcing us up and out of the van.

I fall onto my face in the dirt, coughing and wheezing as I'm pulled to my feet.

"Walk! This way! And don't you dare try anything!" We are instructed as I'm pulled to my feet again and jammed hard in the back with the butt of a rifle.

We march in single file across a dusty courtyard and towards a large factory. There are fences all around and men stood on every roof, rifle in hand as they watch us march. Six men walk with us, leading us towards the building which looks like something from a horror movie. We're in a more industrial area but a thick tree line still lines one side of the compound.

I'm walking behind Amy who's hands are clenched tightly into fists behind her as she looks to be trying to loosen the rope which binds her. I can do nothing but follow the line. There's no chance in Hell we'd make it more than 2 steps before we're either shot or tackled.

The factory doors open and another burly look man exits and holds it open for us.

"Good haul today" he grins. The man leading us nods at him as we follow him inside, the door slamming shut loudly behind us. As we march onwards, the sounds of women screaming and men jeering fill my ears.

We're led deeper into the belly of the factory and into an unfurnished room which smelt of decay and cigarette smoke. The walls were cracked and bare, cobwebs clung to every corner.

"Line up, against the wall" one of them says as another 3 enter and close the door behind them.

We again do as we're told. Our backs are against the wall where we all stand trembling, terrified and in suspense at what is about to happen of us.

The men stand in front of us, examining us in great detail with their eyes.

"That one" one of the men finally grunts, his lip curling into a sinister smile as he points at Jess whose mother snaps her neck round to look at her daughter before looking back at the men, a horrified expression on her face.

"You serious? I was thinking her" his friend says, pointing a grubby finger at me.

"Any other day, sure. But how long has it been since we've had a young blonde? She can't be a day over 20..."

Two of the men walk over to Jess but her mother lunges between them. "No! Don't you fucking touch her!" she screams as she's instantly shoved up against the wall by her throat as her daughter is pulled away and towards the centre of the room.

"Keep your fucking mouth shut, or we'll throw you and your daughter to the dead...got it!?" the guy holding her grunts in her face. He lets go of her and she falls into a heap on the ground, sobbing uncontrollably.

I watch, horrified as one of the men grabs Jess from behind as another one lifts up her legs and pulls her jeans, panties and shoes off in one smooth motion. He then rips open her shirt, sending the buttons flying across the room in every direction before pulling out a knife and physically cutting the shirt off her so her hands can remain tied behind her back, leaving her completely naked.

"Mo-mommy!" she cries as her face is pushed into the dirty floor. Her slender body arcs gracelessly with her bare ass pointing in the air as the men begin unzipping their flies and removing their belts.

The first one, a muscular man with dirty blonde hair takes his place behind her and rubs the tip of his cock over her pussy. Jess begins to wail in desperation as he eases himself into her, one hand guiding his cock in and the other clasped around Jess' bonds.

"Fuck she's tight!" He grunts as the others laugh. Jess' mother wails bounce off of every wall in the room. "Shut up or we're tying you up and leaving you in the woods!" the one inside of her daughter yells. He slaps Jess' ass repeatedly as he begins to pick up the pace, Jess' pussy clearly self-lubricating itself despite her protests.

"Yeah...fuck yeah!" he grunts, his stomach smashing into Jess' ass which causes her face to grind along the floor and her boobs to sway around in a circle.

"No! Please don't cum inside of me!" Jess begs moments later, clearly sensing the inevitable.

He tilts his head back and grunts, his fingers digging into Jess' waist as he cums deep inside of her. I can even see his balls pulsing from where I'm standing as they unload into his victim.

He pulls out, dragging a big glob of cum with him which spills onto the floor between Jess' legs as she moans in despair.

The man runs his fingers through his hair, a thin thread of cum dangling from the tip of his cock which glistens with Jess' juices.

Just as the next man in line gets ready to take his turn, the radio on his side buzzes. He picks it up and replies into it: "Okay...sending them now." He nods at the other 3 who tuck their cocks back into their pants and walk over to me, Amy and Jess' mother individually.

"This way...come on" I'm told as I'm shoved forward, a hand gripping the back of my tank top as I'm guided out of the room.

I'm forced to go left and further into the factory. I hear Amy call my name behind me as I turn and look and see her being forced the other way.

"Amy!" I yell as I'm roughly shoved forward and around another corner being shoved into a smaller room than the one I was just in.

Inside there was what looked to be a chair you'd find at the dentist, but with leather shackles and restraints build into the arms. At the base of the chair were two foot rests angled upwards and spread apart at each side of the chair.

The man guiding me unties my hands and pushes me into the chair.

"What are you doing!?" I moan as he ignores me and latches the bonds around my wrists.

I protest as he throws my shoes and socks off and unbuttons my jeans, but it's in vain as he effortlessly pulls them down over my feet and tosses them aside. He then pulls out a large bowie knife from under his shirt and slides it under my tank top. The cold metal kisses my stomach, causing me to flinch and yelp from the shock as he begins to cut away at my tank top as though it was tissue paper. He then cuts off my panties and hacks away at my bra before tossing all of my clothing to the other end of the room and rendering me naked.

"Someone will be with you soon" he says, tying each foot individually to the foot rests so my knees are bent up and my legs spread apart. He lingers at me, staring as if deciding whether or not to do something. He eventually closes his eyes and shakes his head, smiling as he leaves the room.

I breathe heavily, my heart racing. I struggle against the bonds but it's useless. I look around the room. There's what appears to be surgical and medical equipment on a tray next to me. The rest of the room is bare, but I spot two other pairs of ripped panties which have been cut away lying in another corner of the room to where my own lay. My hair stands up on my arms and I notice my nipples become as hard as stones.

Moments later, two new men enter. They switch on a light which casts a dim light over the room as they walk over and inspect the tools and equipment next to me, notepads in hand.

"Where's my sister!?" I shout.

"Tell me...what is your name?" one of the men says, ignoring my own question. He's an older man with a hint of German in his accent.

I remain silent. He grins.
