 This is my first attempt at one of the Holiday themed stories. I hope you like it.

*

"Here you go." Darcy said handing the shoes to Katie. "So what party are you going to tonight?"

"Kappa Gamma Epsilon." She responded taking the shoes from her room mate. "You?" she asked looking over Darcy in her naughty schoolgirl outfit.

"A couple places." Darcy replied. "but we should end up by Kappa, so maybe I'll see you later!"

"That would be great!" Katie replied. Darcy was the stereotypical, effervescent, college coed. Sure was fun, funny, stylish, and very popular. In short, she was what Katie wished she could be. 

"Well, you have fun tonight!" Darcy said with a wide smile as she left. "Buh bye!"

"Bye!"

Katie had always been a bit plain, not quite on the nerdy side, but not exactly cool either. Her social status was due, in no small part, to the fact wasn't allowed to have a boyfriend. Her parents, especially her mom, had been very strict on that point. Now, in her freshman year at University, for the first time she was away from her parents. The first time she was free to spread her wings. No boyfriend yet but hopefully that would change soon. 

The posters had been plastered all over campus for several weeks. A party. Not JUST a party, THE PARTY! And a costume party as well. An opportunity for her to get out and unwind, to truly be someone else for a night. 

Scrounging her money together, as well as a little bit more she was able to get from her dad, she bought her costume, a racy French maid outfit, complete with garter belt and fishnets stockings. It was something she would never wear out in public but Halloween was different. Everyone got a pass on Halloween. 

Carrying the black patent pumps with their small platform and seemingly impossibly high heels to her bed, she sat down and started putting them on.

'It seems like every pair of Darcy's shoes have heels this high, or even higher!' Katie thought as her heels popped into place. She had worn heels before but never anything as tall as these. Buckling the thin strap around her slender ankles she stood up and took a few practice steps. 

Grabbing the final feature, an elaborate rhinestone masque shaped like a butterfly, she slipped it over her face and drove herself to the party. 

He had been so sweet and charming, greeting her with a wide smile almost as soon as she walked through the door. He was a jock, his physical build made that apparent even if he had not been wearing his jersey as his costume. Not very original but he was "cool" and he was talking to her! Which helped her overlook the cheesiness of his costume. 

Several hours later now, and nearly twice as many drinks, she found herself upstairs with him. Originally he said it was to find a quiet place to talk but now they were alone in an abandoned bedroom, exploring each others bodies. The music from the party downstairs reverberating through the whole house. 

His hand resting on her fishnet stocking clad leg began moving north slowly. Catching it before it got to the welt, she put it back on her knee. She wasn't sure why she had even come up here, they were certainly not doing a lot of talking, but she definitely was not going to do that! 'Maybe after a few dates though ...' she thought. 

Leaning in to kiss him more passionately, she felt more comfortable when his hand came up to caress her face. That comfort was short lived when his hand drifted down to pinch and play with her breasts, barely contained in the corseted top of her French Maid costume.

"Stop!" she whispered, pulling his hand out. "STOP!" she said louder when he shoved the hand she had just pulled out of her top, up her skirt. 

Slapping his face, she started to leave, her heart pounding. 

He was unbelievably fast, closing the distance between them in two steps. Grabbing her by the forearm from behind, he spun her around violently. 

Not accustomed to wearing such high heels, she wobbled when he stopped her. The force of the spin caused her to topple, the heel catching on the carpet, her ankle to roll over painfully. 

"Ahhhhhh!" she screamed in pain. Collapsing, she cried out, clutching her almost certainly sprained, if not broken, ankle.

"We're not done!" he growled, still holding her arm, while the other unzipped his pants.

She watched everything in slow motion as his cock sprang free. It was large, thick and veiny, with an enormous bluish head. In another situation it was something she would have been excited to see. Right now though, it terrified her, HE terrified her.

Dangling it in front of her, he slapped her with it, leaving a small puddle of pre-cum on her cheek.

"Say Ahhh." He growled.

"Ahhhhhh" she screamed as he wrenched her arm again. At least she screamed until he shoved his cock in her now wide open mouth. 

Past her lips, over her tongue and then her uvula, his cock entered her throat. She looked up at him in panic. He had been So Nice! She couldn't believe this was happening to her, she couldn't believe she had been so gullible, and she couldn't believe she wasn't gagging! She should be gagging! Right? 

When he finally released her, she spat him out, gasping for air, a tendril of spit connecting her lips to his cock.

Kneeling there on the floor before him, he loomed over her, dominating her. 

Quickly, she assessed her situation and realized just as quickly it wasn't good. The music was so loud, there was no way anyone would hear if she cried out. A quick glance at her arm revealed a hand shaped bruise marring her fair skin. Even if her ankle wasn't in such pain she still would not be able to outrun him wearing these ridiculous heels! 'Hell, even without the heels you probably wouldn't be able to outrun him.' She thought grimly. 

He didn't say a word, he didn't have too, she understood what she needed to do, and what would happen if she didn't. Wrapping her fingers around his hard shaft, she closed her eyes, to block out what she was having to do.

She had sucked cock only a couple of times before, once with a friend just because she was curious and once with a guy she liked. The first time essentially ruined that friendship, the second guy ended going out with a different girl instead. After that episode she had promised herself the next guy she went down on would be after they had started having sex. Breaking the promise to herself, she took him back into her mouth.

Trying to ignore what she was doing turned her attention inward and only seemed to emphasize the throbbing in her ankle and the pain in her arm. Wanting to forget the pain she turned her full attention to the rock hard tool in her mouth. Behind the masque, tears began streaming down her face. 

Licking, sucking, and kissing up and down his hard shaft elicited a few satisfactory moans which actually, strangely encouraged her. Grabbing the tight red bun she had her hair wound up into, he gave a few encouraging pushes on the back of her head.

The pain was so intense it was impossible to ignore. Following his lead though she found she could mask her pain with his pleasure. concentrating entirely on his cock and his pleasure, Katie felt a blossoming within. 

Embracing that precious blossom Katie noticed how his pleasure increased, her own pain decreased. Concentrating on his pleasure over her own pain, she suckled him with greater fervor, eliciting even more satisfactory moans. 

Losing herself in her work, she was a bit surprised when she realized he must be getting close. She could sense it, like her inner blossoming flower, in an otherworldly fashion, as she nursed him closer. Sensing his rapidly approaching orgasm raised another dilemma, should she let him cum in her mouth or not? She had never had cum in her mouth before, both previous times had ended with it either on her face and breasts, or on her hand. Fearing she would upset him if she didn't, she increased her pace and pressure and he, right on cue, erupted into her mouth, filling it. 

She was amazed by how much there was! Swallowing as fast as she could, she drank him in, the warm silkiness combined with the sweet saltiness satisfying her in a strange way. It wasn't nearly as distasteful as she thought it would be. 

Aside from his cum she noticed something else, another, underlying taste, that was far sweeter. Subconsciously she turned her attention toward that. She drew it in a fast as she could but there was so much. If the cum in her mouth was only a spoonful, this was more like a small inland lake. 

The first taste made her inner blossom shiver, then slowly it began to unfurl. It was so beautiful, like a red rose blossom. Feeling the need to feed and nurture it she drew in more.

It was too sweet, and she loved the way it made her feel. ALIVE! Was the only way she could put it into words. 

Though she wasn't sucking per se' anymore than she was "swallowing" it, whatever "It" was, she sucked it in a fast as she could, drawing it out seemingly by the bucket load and with each bucket load her flower blossomed more.

In the distance she heard her 'lover' groan, whether in pain or satisfaction she couldn't tell, so caught up in the moment was she. Drawing in more she continued.

His fingers that had once tangled in her hair in encouragement, now seemed to be trying to pull her off. 

The flower hadn't fully blossomed yet, she needed just little bit more. Wrapping her arms around his waist, she grabbed his ass, sinking in her fingernails while she continued. 

She was getting near the bottom, she could tell, it was almost the same sensation as the slurping you get when drinking a milk shake out of a straw and the glass is nearly empty. Giving one more strong pull she tried to draw in the last, but just like drinking out of a straw you can never quite get that last drop. 

Her flower was nearly fully opened and it was beautiful. More beautiful than any flower she had ever actually seen. Taking one last inner glance to admire her flower she pulled her mouth off of his cock with a loud satisfactory POP. 

'Surely he'll be satisfied with THAT!' she thought proudly opening her eyes for the first time since she had felt pressured to suck his cock. Looking up, she saw him. 

Her eyes widened in surprise and terror. All thoughts of cum, small inland lakes, buckets of 'whatever' and inner flowers blossoming fled in an instant. 

Falling back, she threw herself clear and kept crawling backwards until she was a safe distance away. Her legs splayed out, her skirt rode up, stockings, garter belt, thong, and petticoats on full display but she didn't care. Her eyes were wide and her head darted side to side as she frantically scanned the room. 

Katie was sure that any moment now, she was going to be the subject of some practical joke because what sat before her was no longer the same man who, with superior strength and speed, had taken her against her will. What remained of him was a dried up, desiccated, husk of a man. The only part of him that still had any remnant of his former self was his rapidly deflating cock. 

Once she was confident no one was about to jump out of the closet or come through the door laughing, she drew her legs under, self consciously smoothing her skirt, and crawled closer. 

Standing up, she touched his frail arm feeling for a pulse. It was there but very faint. 

Standing ... she was STANDING! Unbelievably, her ankle no longer hurt! Taking a few steps, Katie tested it, then quickly examined the rest of her body. The bruises on her arm from his manhandling were also missing! 

'Sprained ankles and bruises didn't heal that fast!' she thought incredulously. 'Neither do men age 60-70 years from a simple blowjob!' she rebutted her own thoughts looking at the caricature of a man sitting in the chair.

Looking at him she felt some pity, he was so pathetic there, sprawled out in the chair, wearing a jersey that was now three sizes too small, like some old man trying desperately to hold onto his glory years that had long since passed. 

Leaning over she planted a soft kiss on his lips almost hoping it would break some terrible spell.

"Ayay uma uppa." He moaned incoherently, feebly, as she broke off the kiss. His eyes rolled around in his head, unable to focus on her through thick cataracts.

As revolted and confused as she was at the moment, she knew this was right, and considering what he HAD forced her to do. 'And who knows how many others!' She thought to herself. She KNEW it was justice. 

Suppressing the part of her that was revolted by what had just happened, she turned and quietly left the room.

Mustering as much confidence as she could, she strutted out of the frat house. Ignoring leers and offers from other part goers, both male and female, she walked toward her car. It wasn't until she heard the blood curdling scream from the house that she panicked.

Was he dead? Had someone walked into the room and found his dead body? Had anyone seen her come out of the room? 

Struggling to not panic, she walked on still not daring to remove her mask. 

His face, both of them, were burned into her mind. She could see his young face transform into the old face she had left behind. At the same time she could see her inner blossom slowly unfurl and blossom into a beautiful flower. 

"What am I!?" she wondered quickening her pace.

But she already knew the answer from her more obscure "history" class, 'An Exploration of Ancient Mythology -- 101' and she heard the name whispered on the wind.

SUCCUBUS!