 Nefarious: The Christmas Edition

Lucille Moncrief

Part 1: The Vampyre Talcott

The air was crisp and trees bare. The weather unusually cold and bitter for Savannah at Christmastime. I grinned to myself as the heels of my boots ground the cobblestone. I wonder if she is staying warm? My curiosity now piqued, my extremities shook slightly at the thought of her warm, safe in her bed, none the wiser to my less than gentle intentions. Delicious! I licked my lips in the frosty night air, a hint of salt in the wind. I could scarcely hear the ocean roar in the distance, like a barreling freight train, like my desire. But I mustn't distract myself, her protector could be near. Damn him! Always thwarting my plans, the humorless, melancholy git. Immune to my predation, it was I who was prey to him. A peculiar turn of events. Odd indeed, to be the hunted after nearly a century of being the hunter. 

I began to feel vulnerable, my shaking from arousal turning to fear. Shivering, I wrapped my great coat about me in the glare of a street lamp, the merry wreath adorning it a mockery to my plight. Snarling, I ripped it and threw it to the ground. I viciously ground the sole of my boot into it, imagining his face. Feeling's gone! With newfound confidence and head determinably high, I went to darken her door.

Part 2: Elyse Delafayette

I was upstairs in my room wrapping the presents when I felt a coldness come over me. It swept in like a fog, the festive paper strewn about me an ironic juxtaposition to it. I dared not breathe. The ticking of the grandfather clock in the hall sounded like it was underwater, its tempo drowning in a funerary mist extinguishing the joy I'd felt moments earlier. Where was he? I panicked, a canary in a coal mine. I abruptly left the room, slamming the door in my haste and flew down the stairs. I rounded the corner of the first landing when I hit a wall and felt his arms embrace me. 

"What's the hurry?" 

"I'm just happy to see you." I didn't want to worry him, and I had no fear now. 

"Are you hungry?" I asked, his fingers entwined in the ends of my hair. I loved it when he did that. 

"I could eat." We headed downstairs and into the kitchen. It smelled like cinnamon. Mrs. Ewee was clattering away in front of the stove. 

"Samuel! I didn't see you come in. The soup's almost done and I just finished brewing that new cinnamon tea Mr. Pembroke bought. Are you two interested?" 

"Yes, thank you, Mrs. Ewee." I said and we took our seats in the breakfast nook. 

I was next to the window, the cold radiating from it seeping into my skin. Surely it can't be that cold outside, is it? That cold was unnerving, like it had eyes. Mrs. Ewee set the plates and mugs down onto the table and I dismissed my worry with the heat of the tea and his arm around me, those fingers in my hair again. How'd I get so lucky? 

Part 3: Talcott

Like a moth to a flame, I was drawn to her. I could feel her near, pulsating with that warmth and innocence of youth. I inhaled deeply, the anticipation of seeing her made me feel near to bursting. Under the dolorous hanging moss of an oak tree, I stood across the street from her house. I sensed her joy and wanted to...possess it? Be the cause of it myself? No, destroy it. I wanted to destroy it and replace it with something else, my own cynicism. Then, we would be complete. She the bride to my Frankenstein. 

Alas, my current form just will not do. I changed into the creature I was so very fond of, the vampire bat. How cliché, you say? Well you see, I could be any creature. The cat in the alley that rubs against your ankle on your way to work, the dog you adopted from the pound for the little munchkins because I was just "Oh so cute!" I could even be the mouse in your cupboard, or the spider in your bed, listening to your soft breathing, knowing that all it could take is one bite and I could send you into the ether for all eternity, never to see those precious munchkins of yours again. But, I digress. I prefer the vampire bat since I am a vampire and this creature is so hated and feared. Just like me.

I soared straight into the air and over the roof of the house, circled it, and plunged down into the branches of an azalea right outside the kitchen window. And there she was, her smile like the sun I longed to see again. It was easy to see why she was so joyful, that damn git was there. Why yes, I greatly wished to destroy it now. His calloused hands were entwined in her raven hair, looking stupidly happy. I hated him. But, I couldn't look away. I wanted to soak in their naïve happiness, like bathing in warm blood. Observing the high would make the low all the sweeter, especially since I would be the cause of it. That's it, sip your tea, laugh at his inane jokes. Inhale her perfume, you melancholy bastard. Soon, you won't breathe at all. 

Part 4: The Protector Samuel Quartermaine

I was finished with my tea. I loved her so much but I knew she still didn't completely trust me, not after what he'd done. And I knew he was still out there, waiting to take her from me, and me from her. We were finally alone now and I was free to make as many dirty jokes as I liked. 

"So that's my story. I told you, it's only a 4." 

"No, no. I would definitely rank that an 8. It's one of your better ones." She laughed. I loved making her laugh; it was like music. I held her gaze. Leaning in I kissed her, and electricity coursed through me. I felt her melt into my arms. I kissed her neck, the scent of her skin made my reasoning hazy. I longed to have her. 

"Samuel?" 

"Yes?" I kissed her collarbone, and felt her heart skip a beat beneath my hungry lips. 

"Will you make love to me?" 

I froze. I thought I might die. I hastily got up and almost knocked my mug from the table. She wasn't any more graceful. We rushed out of the kitchen, and passed the entry to the parlor. Mrs. Ewee called to us as we grinned like idiots.

"Samuel, could you please help me with -- "

"No!" I emphatically replied, cutting her off abruptly. Elyse put a hand against her mouth, stifling her laughter. We bounded up the stairs to her room, and I threw the door open. She closed it gently and leaned against it, a coy smile on her lips. I reached out to touch her, afraid she would disappear, my hand against the back of her head and my fingers digging into her hair. I pulled her to me and kissed her deeply. 

"I could kiss you for hours." She sighed between her lips meeting mine. I reached down and squeezed her ass, that beautiful ass and pulled her hips against mine. She could feel how hard I was and it made her moan softly. I couldn't get enough of her mouth and I was aching to see how wet I'd made her. 

She pulled away from me and walked to the edge of the bed, leaned over it with her ass in the air. She started to pull off her skirt, exposing herself to me. Stepping out of her clothes, she spread her legs. I undid my belt and pants and put my throbbing dick against that cleft in between her legs, pulled her hair, and slapped her ass so hard I was afraid they'd hear downstairs. The thought of them hearing turned me on even more.

"Samuel, I just want to worship your cock." And with that, I think I heard myself fall even more in love with her.

She turned, went down to her knees and kissed the tip. She curled her fingers around my shaft, licking it. I pulled her hair back, and looked at her with an intensity that would seem frightening. Seeing her delicate fingers entwined around my cock made it swell even more. It looked huge. I knew her pussy would be tight and stretched to the limit when I finally got to her. I put both of my hands against her head gently and pulled her mouth down onto me. I was so hard she couldn't take me entirely. The vibrations of her moans were intoxicating. When she finally stood, I pushed her down onto the bed. We tore the rest of our clothes off. Her breasts finally free, I squeezed them both, circling her taught nipples with my thumbs. It felt spectacular to fill my greedy hands with them. 

"Will you please bite them?" Indulging her, I felt them harden like pebbles against the tip of my tongue. She opened her legs to me and I reached down, thrusting my fingers inside her. She was juicing like an orange. With her own wetness, I circled the outline of her clit with my index finger, pressing harder and faster. Nearly screaming, she was so sensitive to my touch. I could have made her body do what I wanted it to do at that moment, but I had to have her bent all around me. 

I pinned both of her arms above her head, her hair tangled around her wrists. She was finally mine. But the sound of shattering glass, an icy gust of wind and a loud thud that made the house shook was our undoing. Coitus interruptus! 

I pulled the blanket over her and stood, seeing the curtains whipping in the wind from a jagged hole in the window pane. I quickly put on my boots and walked to the center of the room, the sound of crunching glass beneath my feet. In the faint glow of the streetlamp, something shiny caught my eye. A ribbon? Yes, tied to a brick. I brushed off the shards of glass and realized there was a note attached. Faint laughter from the street drifted into the room. It was unnerving. It didn't sound like mischievous teens, or a drunkard. No, it was almost otherworldly. Shivering, I pulled the note from under the ribbon and unfolded it. I could barely make out the words in the dim light, but they were unmistakable.

"Merry Christmas."