 "Samuel?" His name had scarcely left my lips when my hearing returned, the light turned off into the pitch black of night. I faced the woods, the glow of the campfire behind me—illuminating the dark edge. I was on my knees and leaned over a block of wood that my chin rested against. My arms were stretched to the sides and tied to stakes in the ground. I was unclothed and the tears fell against my exposed body.

"Wake up, darling." That smell, like charred flesh! His nails twirled and tangled into the hair on the back of my neck. "Is this what he does? Is that what you like?" I choked back a sob. He pulled my hair and the pain of it caused me to gasp. His breath burned against my neck as he licked the edge of my ear with a bifurcated tongue rough as sandpaper. My insides turned to a solid and unfeeling mass as my consciousness left my body, like a limb severed—like I was watching the scene unfold on a television. He took a seat in front of me, cross-legged on the ground. His eyes sparkled a poison green, an emerald jewel in a corpses skull. He was soulless and delighted, fangs white as bone and sharp as death.

"I have a theory," he posited, "that he would greatly enjoy your pain."

I gulped and felt the pine needles dig into my shins.

"Yes. We will test my theory. Now, I have here in my pocket, my dear, something just for you." He smiled as I strained against the ropes. "Don't be silly—that hasn't worked since the Great War. No, no, what I have is a little gift for you and Samuel. An awakening, you'll see. That block you rest against is outfitted to explode if I press the button I hold in my pocket."

I began to choke on my tears.

"Shh...shh..." he whispered and daubed at my face with his tattered sleeve. "All you have to do is climax, and all he has to do is make you." I tried to bite at his hand, but my teeth struck my tongue instead.

"Now, Elyse, it's no wonder I am always jumping out of windows. Your rebukes always break my nonexistent heart, but watching you squeal and shudder from the pain I compel him to inflict on you will more than compensate." His voice softened and he took a milk-white vial from his pocket and uncapped it. "I can't have you all tense like that. Drink this."

He pinched my nose between his charred and yellowed fingernails. I shook my head and he pinched harder, my eyes felt like they would explode from their sockets when I gasped for air and he poured the liquid down my throat. It burned--I sputtered as some dribbled down my chin. He wiped my face with his sleeve again.

"I think," he tsked and ran his thumb over my lips, "that you will enjoy it, too. I'll be sure to hand you off to the proper authorities when we are finished with our little game. You'll need treatment, I suppose."

"Why?" I asked, my vision became hazy and my extremities began to relax, and a euphoric warmth spread throughout my veins.

"Why?" His eyes widened, incredulous. "Why, because I can. Oh, and the two of you are just so sickeningly sweet, I'd like to add some bitters to the mix. Can't afford to be getting any cavities, now can I?" 

I rested my cheek against the block and fell into a dreamless sleep.

****

"He's here. I've given him the rules of our game." My eyes felt like heavy disks as he whispered in my ear like a knife cutting the silence. He smelled of sulfur and rage. 

"Strike her."

My eyes flew open. Talcott was staring at someone or something behind me. His face, pinched with anger, was unmoving and held no mercy. 

"Remember the rules?" He took a flashing device from his pocket. I whimpered and strained against the ropes—my muscles weak and deadened to any sense of urgency, fingers of lead. I heard a shuddering sigh behind me and shivered in the still night air as the swish of a whip tore through the atmosphere and the sting of it sent electricity up my spine. 

"Ha. That was weak, again." Talcott rolled his eyes and smirked. He looked at me and my stomach turned to ice. "That didn't even hurt," he cooed. 

"I'll kill you," Samuel hissed from behind me. 

"Don't waste your energy. I'm already dead, remember." He steepled his hands and placed them under his chin. "There are worse things than death, though. The destruction of one's humanity." His face shone like a lamp. "It's a beautiful sight," he sighed, "the falling away of empathy. The deceived, becomes the deceiver. The hunted, becomes the hunter. It's a necessity, really. I'm actually doing you a favor. Now, harder this time."

The only sound was the soft roar of the campfire. I watched his eyes widen and sparkle as the whip cracked again. I yelped and strained against the block. 

"Yes. Harder, make her bleed this time," he panted, then came the crack and sting of cut flesh. Hot, sticky blood trickled down the small of my back. Talcott inhaled, deep and satisfied, his eyes closed. 

"Drink it, dhamphyr," he commanded, "while I watch your eyes turn red with violent lust."

Samuel put his gentle hand against the front of my neck and the warmth of his body pressed against me. 

"I'm sorry. I love you," he whispered and sucked the blood from the wound in my back. I gasped and shivered. My heart fluttered and loins ached as he bit me and groaned with pleasure. His dick became hard against the inside of my thigh. Talcott laughed.

"That's right. Make her wet, and devour her arousal," he coaxed as Samuel pulled my head back and exposed my neck. He rubbed my breasts with a greedy hand and pinched my nipples as he bit into my pulsating carotid with a fierceness that sent a shock straight to my clit. I closed my eyes and moaned.

"Spread her legs, and make her pussy stretch." 

He gripped the back of my knee, pulled my legs apart, and pushed me down with the weight of his body that burned with forbidden desire. I heard the unlatching of a belt buckle and the hot tip of his hard dick rubbed against my soft inner lips. He grabbed my breasts in his hands, licked the wound on my neck and thrust into me. I cried out as he filled me to the brim and my insides ached and my pussy stretched to engulf his hard cock. I rolled my ass against his hips as he thrust into me and we both gasped and moaned, our breath mingling in the smoky air. He kissed and bit the back of my neck and I shuddered and felt faint in his strong arms, the biceps rock hard against my waist. He slid in and out of my quivering, clenching pussy with ease as I soaked him to his ball sack that slapped against the cleft in my ass. My clit twitched for stimulation as he thrust deeper—violent, rapacious and feral with lust. I gasped in pain as he groaned and squeezed my breasts. I tried to get away from him, but was held tight by the ropes. I looked down at his knuckles that bled from rubbing against the block, my nipples pinched between his fingers. 

"Force her to cum," Talcott commanded, his voice as dark and foreboding as midnight. Samuel reached down between my shaking legs and pinched the hardened bud of my clit while he stabbed my pussy with his dick. The pleasure and pain made my head spin and I whimpered and pressed my clit into his fingers. He rubbed his hand against me, enticing me and controlling my response to him as my pussy clenched tight around his strong dick. My skin prickled with heat. My vision narrowed and I closed my eyes and leaned into his chest. His heart hammered against my back and I screamed out as an orgasm barreled through my pussy, which clenched and milked his throbbing dick. He groaned and bit into my shoulder as I felt his cock explode inside me. I pressed my ass against him, taking him in deep as his hands squeezed my heaving breasts. I went limp in his arms, felt feverish and my heart palpitated as he continued to drink from me—I didn't know whom to fear more. 

"Stop. I need her alive," Talcott said, his face expressionless. He took the device out and was about to set it on the ground when he stopped and broke out into a wide grin that did not reach his eyes. He laughed, but it had no joy to it. I couldn't keep my eyes open and leaned into Samuel. He panted against my bloodied neck. I listened with eyes closed, like being locked in a nightmare.

"I trust I can leave you alone with her. I'm sure the guilt of what you've just done will eat you alive, and that brings me some happiness. My dear, do you see what you get? Look at me, damn it," he barked and his face loomed enraged through my tears. "Do you see what you get when you believe in heroes? Your love idol has feet of clay." He transformed into a bat in a plume of smoke that smelled like an extinguished candle. 

Samuel held me tight, took a knife from his pocket and cut the ropes. He laid me on the ground and took his shirt off and covered me.

"What are you?" I sobbed, curled up into the fetal position. His eyes were large and bulging, and had gone from sapphire to garnet. 

"I'm not like him, but my mother was." He sighed, ran his fingers through his hair and reached out to touch me. I recoiled. 

"Elyse, I have to get you to the hospital."

"Don't touch me." I scrambled to get away, but was too weak. I was covered in dirt, snot, tears, and blood. All I wanted to do was go home and shower and lock out the world. 

"I'm taking you to the hospital."

"No, you liar. Get away from me," I screamed as he picked me up. I tried to push him away, fists balled up against his chest. His arms felt like an iron cage. 

"Put me down. Please put me down," I begged and cried. He kissed the top of my head as he carried me through the woods.

"I'm sorry. Just go to sleep," he soothed, his voice smooth and monotonous, "go to sleep and everything will be alright." I closed my eyes and drifted away into the night.