 Angeline stood at Sophia's side, staring straight ahead, scarcely aware of the hot Florida sunshine as its warmth caressed the pale flesh exposed by her nearly nonexistent dress.

Before them, still unaware that she was being stalked, the young woman lounged poolside, her scant, skimpy yellow-and-pink bikini baring the vast majority of her tanned, oiled flesh to the sun. She reached up a languid hand to adjust the stylish sunglasses she wore before going still once again.

"I want her," Sophia whispered, voice so low that even Angeline had to strain to hear the words.

Angeline nodded, finally tearing her gaze from the redhead's delectable body and gorgeous face, shifting her focus to her companion.

Like Angeline, Sophia wore little, clad in a skin-tight dress that revealed more than it covered. The green fabric shimmered in the sunlight as if made of a highly-reflective metal, as did Angeline's own blue dress.

"As do I," Angeline whispered, addressing the other's comment.

As she spoke, a soft breeze stirred Sophia's long dark tresses and she reached out to gently comb her companion's hair back into place with her fingers. Sophia caught her hand and placed a light kiss on the palm of her hand, her full lips pressing to Angeline's skin for the barest of moments. Yet, the mingled sensations of the other's full lips and the harder pressure of her fangs sent a fire surging through Angeline's lithe body that had nothing to do with the Florida heat and humidity. When she locked her gaze with Sophia's, she saw that the other's eyes were glowing with pale green light and that her face was a study in barely restrained passion.

Angeline stroked Sophia's cheek lightly. "Easy, my love. She doesn't know that we're here. Keep control. Misty Le Rouge will be induced into the pack soon. I promise."

Sophia eased closer, pressing her slender body against Angeline's own, slipping one arm around her, pulling them even more tightly together. "I cannot wait, beloved."

"Always so anxious," Angeline whispered tenderly. "Once we're away from here I promise to satisfy your every desire. But, for now, let us tend to the matter at hand. Alright?"

The sigh that passed between Sophia's lips as she ran her fingers through Angeline's long blonde hair was a mixture of disappointment and frustration. She nodded, saying, "I'll hold you to that promise."

Angeline smiled slyly. "No need. It's not a promise I intend to break..."

Twining their fingers together, Angeline's right hand and Sophia's left hand, they turned their attention back to Misty Le Rouge as the model/actress continued to lounge beside her private swimming pool.

After a couple of minutes, Misty Le Rouge stirred once more, then rose from her chaise lounge. She picked up a neon pink inflatable float, placed it in the azure waters and climbed aboard, lying flat, drifting wherever the raft took her. Moments later, she lifted her head, raising her sunglasses, staring straight at Angeline and Sophia, a small frown pulling her perfect lips downward at the corners.

Angeline smiled, remaining still and silent. At her side, Sophia followed suit. A few moments later, Misty Le Rouge took a deep breath, let it out slowly, lowered her sunglasses back into place and laid back on the raft once more.

Angeline gave Sophia's hand a gentle tug. Silently, they moved through the mix of palm trees and ferns until they came to the high stone wall that cordoned off Misty Le Rouge's property. Sophia turned to Angeline, brushing her lips quickly over her mouth. A moment later, moving as one, they crouched and leapt atop the wall, landed easily, then dropped to the ground on its other side.

"She knew we were there," Sophia commented as they began to walk.

Angeline nodded. "She knew. But she couldn't see us."

Sophia tightened her grip on Angeline's hand. "Useful trick we learned from the vampires, how to cloak ourselves like that."

"Yes. Stupid leeches proved useful after all."

"She could smell our pheromones."

"Yes. But she didn't know what she was smelling, though."

"No."

"Doesn't matter. We've got her scent and she has ours."

"Yes. She's ours for the taking."

"Whenever we chose to take her."

Sophia pressed closer to Angeline, saying, "But what shall we do about Enoch? When we bring Misty Le Rouge into the pack he'll take her for his own."

"He's the alpha male; it's his right to do so."

Sophia pouted, saying, "So you and I do the hunting and bring her in, then he takes her from us?"

Angeline stopped, wrapping her arms around Sophia, caressing the other woman's bare spine with the tips of her fingernails. "Enoch can't take a thing if he isn't around to make the claim."

"Meaning...we get rid of him? How?"

Angeline shrugged. "Let him see Misty Le Rouge after we bring her over. You know how he'll react. What if, in that excitement, he were do something stupid that got him killed?"

"Something like what?"

"Oh, I don't know. Maybe he'd not notice that, somehow, a few slivers of silver, or some silver nitrate ended up in his wine. And he'd drink that wine."

Sophia grinned and kissed Angeline full on the lips. "With the alpha dead and gone, the pack would need a new leader. Who might that be?"

Angeline kissed her back. "Why an alpha male? Why not an alpha female? Why not two alpha females?"

Sophia drew away slowly, grinning seductively. "Come on, beloved. You have a promise to keep. After that, we'll begin to make plans..."

~*~

Sophia's bare chest was still heaving as she struggled to catch her breath. Her face and breasts were flushed. Angeline knew that her own skin, usually so pale and translucent, were likewise rosy from their pleasurable exertions as she slowly slid up Sophia's trim form. Her bare flesh rubbed tantalizingly over Sophia's own smooth, flawless skin as she moved, causing the other woman's breath to hitch. Sophia met Angeline's eyes, her emerald gaze still burning hot with lust and desire. Angeline caught Sophia's lower lip in her own mouth, sucking gently for a moment. One of her hands caressed Sophia's pert breasts, while the fingers of the other toyed with her sex, wet and musky from Angeline's oral talents.

"Again, lover," Sophia breathed when the kiss broke. "Then I'll pleasure you once more."

Angeline kissed the other woman lightly on the lips before snuggling up to her, using Sophia's shoulder as a pillow. Sophia's own head was cushioned on the metallic green and blue material of the dresses they had worn prior to ducking into the old self-storage warehouse for a bit of fun..

"Later," Angeline said. "We need to plan our next move."

"It should be simple and straight forward."

Angeline snorted humorlessly. "You call smuggling silver into the den simple? You know what'll happen to us if we're caught with silver."

Sophia shrugged awkwardly, sliding one hand up Angeline's side to knead her breast gently. "We can do it. And that's the only hitch in the plan. Turning Misty Le Rouge will be easy. Slipping the silver into the wine will be easy because no one will be watching for it. I mean, everyone knows the penalty for bringing in silver. Who would suspect we'd even try it? And, as you said before, Enoch will do the rest."

"But that one hitch, as you call it, may prove our undoing."

Sophia kissed her softly, then again, harder, catching Angeline lip between her teeth. Her gentle massage of Angeline's breast turned quicker and harder. Angeline broke the kiss and placed her hand atop Sophia's, holding it in place yet not allowing further movement.

Angeline looked sternly into Sophia's eyes. "You need to take this more seriously! Right now, it's just talk. But if we go further, if we try to poison the alpha and are caught..."

"We'll be killed. I know, trust me."

"So why aren't concerned about the problem of smuggling silver into the den?"

Sophia's face lit with a beatific smile. "Because, beloved, I've already done it!"

"You what?"

"Yes. Nearly a year ago. It's been in our area all this time."

"And you never told me?"

"No. I'm sorry. I wanted to, but couldn't."

"Why not?"

"If it were ever found you wouldn't be implicated. You had no knowledge of it. Enoch, or anyone else, would have smelled the truth on you when you spoke. You'd have been let go, allowed to live. I was protecting you."

Angeline was cold; she shivered feeling nauseous. "You would have been killed if anyone found it!"

Sophia nodded, cradling Angeline closer against her.

Angeline found that she could barely speak. "Then...why..."

"For just what we're going to use it for. I smuggled it in to kill Enoch. I just didn't have a plan for how to use it." Sophia took a deep breath, then slowly let it out. "And, to be honest, I couldn't bring myself to act alone."

"So you've been...planning to...kill Enoch for almost a...year?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Need you ask, my love? He's a pompous jerk. I suspect that he was even before he was turned. His powers, I think, have made him even more so. Rising to the rank of pack alpha have made him still more so. I hate him. I hate everything about him. I hate the way he talks, I hate the way he walks, I hate the way he thinks that every female should throw herself at him just because of who and what he is. I hate him. I think about killing him all the time. So, I smuggled in a phial of silver nitrate. That part of our plan has already been accomplished." Sophia held her tighter. "Are you okay?"

"No," Angeline muttered. "To think that you've had it in our chamber all this time... You could have been killed!"

"But I wasn't. No one found out."

Sophia slowly extricated herself from Angeline, helping her to her feet. Naked, they embraced for long moments before Sophia knelt to retrieve Angeline's shimmering blue dress.

"Here. Put this on. Let's go."

Angeline took the glimmering fabric in one shaky hand, but made no move to put it on. "Where are we going?"

"It's up to you, beloved. Do we return home to the den and think about what we plan to do? Or do we return to Misty Le Rouge and make her one of us and continue on with our plan from there?"

~*~

Misty Le Rouge stood nude beneath the hot spray of water jetting from the shower head, rinsing the soap and shampoo from her lithe, tan body and long red hair. Sunbathing was good, but she always looked forward to showering afterwards, ridding her skin of the accumulated sunscreen, insect repellant and perspiration.

Today had been different, though, odd in a way she'd never experienced before. During a good part of the time she had been poolside and on her inflatable raft, drifting on the calm, cool waters of the large pool, she had the unshakable feeling of being watched. Paparazzi annoyed her to no end; they were why she'd been forced to cease her old habit of nude sunbathing. Once the photos had began to turn up on the Internet and in tabloid newspapers no one had wanted to take her career seriously for a time. She was still trying to undo the damage. Still, today had been different. It hadn't simply been the feeling of being watched. There had been that strange scent in the air. The smell had built slowly, being only just noticeable at first, then growing stronger until it could no longer be ignored. Despite looking around several times, she had seen no sign of anyone present. Yet someone had been there. She was sure of that. The scent of their perfume or cologne or whatever that had been lingered for a long time even after the feeling of being watched had finally ended.

She also found it distinctly odd when she thought about how she had reacted to the strange smell. Normally, sunbathing relaxed her. It was her private time. Even when she had been in the habit of stripping nude and walking around her private property naked, laying out in the hot Florida sun and swimming without a stitch of clothing, she had found the ritual very soothing. Yet, today, despite the unsubstantiated knowledge that she was in full view of someone unseen to her, she had grown very, very aroused. It was all she could do not to let it show. Yet she was able to smell the fragrant musk of her own arousal and strongly suspected that whomever was watching her could, too. The struggle to keep her hands off of her own body had been nearly overwhelming.

Once safely indoors and in the privacy of her own shower, she had wasted no time in using her long, dexterous fingers to satisfy the urges and needs that had grown so intolerably strong while at the pool. After bringing herself to a trio of mind-numbing climaxes, she had finally grabbed up the soap and shampoo to bathe.

Rinsing the last of the lather and suds from her body, Misty Le Rouge turned off the water and slid the shower curtain aside, reaching for a massive, fluffy pink towel.

The bathroom was large, spacious and roomy, big enough for four people to share at once. Everything was colored in shades of neon, as was the décor placed about here and there, giving the bathroom a festive feel, as if a beach party were about to begin within its tiled confines. Misty stepped from the shower, making certain that her wet feet were firmly planted on the plush neon orange rug before trusting her balance and beginning to dry off.

Running the soft towel up over her breasts, enjoying the feel of the fabric as it caressed her still-hard nipples, Misty glanced at the bathroom door. It stood open just slightly. She frowned, freezing in place, staring at the door.

"I closed that," she muttered to herself, glancing around nervously.

Then the smell registered. It was the same scent that had surrounded her before, poolside - sweet and musky at once, bringing images of long nights filled with excellent sex with a most talented lover to her mind. In an instant, her body responded to the fragrance, growing hot and flushed, tingling with high arousal.

Misty dropped the towel and stood naked, not bothering to try and hide any part of her body. "Who are you?" She nearly shouted the words.

Several long moments passed with no answer. The intoxicating scent grew stronger by the second. She took a tentative step toward the nearly closed bathroom door.

"Answer me!" she yelled. "I know you're here! I can feel you watching me! And I can smell your...whatever it is that you're wearing! Show yourself!"

She allowed a few more seconds to tick by before making her decision. Not bothering to pick up the towel, she strode naked and damp to the door and slammed it open, stalking three steps into her enormous neon-décor bedroom before freezing in place at the sight before her.

A gorgeous, young, petite woman with waist-length blonde hair was stripping out of a blue dress. The dress was made of a soft material that shimmered as if it were metallic. The blonde wore nothing beneath the skimpy dress and made no effort to hide any part of her perfect, lithe anatomy as she tossed the dress aside and stood nude but for her shiny blue high heels before Misty, a small, seductive grin on her luscious lips. Her eyes were blue and almost seemed to shine with an inner light all of their own. 

At the blonde's side, an equally beautiful, petite brunette finished removing her own dress. Like the blonde's almost-nonexistent garment, it was made of a highly reflective material that glimmered. However, the brunette's dress was green. Tossing the tiny piece of clothing aside, the brunette stood side-by-side with the blonde, unabashedly naked, but for her glimmering green high heels, giving her waist-length tresses a playful toss. Her eyes were green and, like her companion's, seemed to glow with light of their own. Like Misty Le Rouge herself, neither of the intruders had a single strand of hair in evidence below their eyebrows, their slender bodies smooth as completely devoid of marks as hair.

Misty stood rooted in place, staring at the two naked strangers in her bedroom as they watched her back, expressions of mingled desire and amusement etched on their perfect features. Several questions wrestled in her mind, each vying for the title of Most Important Question.

"What are you doing?" were the first words to pass Misty's lips.

The blonde's grin grew wider as she said, "Just what you told us to do."

Misty frowned, caught off guard by the reply. "Huh?"

The brunette slid her arm around the blonde's lean waist, pulling them together until their bare flesh was touching. "You told us to show ourselves."

"And that's just what we're doing," the blonde added. She wrapped one arm around the brunette, returning her embrace. Her free hand did a brief waving motion to draw attention to both her own nude body and that of her friend. "You said to show ourselves and we are. We're showing you everything."

Confusion began to loop Misty's thoughts back on themselves. "That's not..." she began, trailing off and shaking her head.

The brunette's grin grew wider. "My name is Sophia. My friend's name is Angeline. We already know who you are, Misty Le Rouge."

Misty remained where she was, eyeing the telephone that rested on the nightstand several paces behind the odd intruders. "Why are you here?"

"To see you," the one called Angeline said.

Misty shook her head slowly, not taking her gaze from the telephone. "There are proper channels to go through if-"

"No," Sophia said. "This isn't that kind of a visit."

Angeline nodded. "She's right. We're not looking for autographs and we're not looking to have you pose on a swimsuit calendar or act in some plotless direct-to-DVD horror film. We're here for you."

Misty kept her attention on the telephone, trying to decide if she could push her way by both of the other women and reach it before one of them managed to hurt her. "Then why are you here?"

Angeline turned slightly, following Misty's line of sight to the telephone. "Don't bother. Sophia yanked the cord from the phone's base soon as we came in. She also found your cell phone and put it in another room."

Misty felt the first stirrings of true fear since coming from the bathroom to find the two women undressing in her bedroom. Her gaze shifted, finding Angeline's odd eyes. "What do you want with me?"

Sophia sidled a bit closer, drawing Angeline with her. "We want to talk to you first. Then we have something...else...in mind." Her words gave way to an even wider grin that promised all manner of sensual delights.

Misty shook her head again, abruptly aware of how strong the scent was and of how it was making her feel. "I'm sorry. But I'm not into women. I'm perfectly straight. Don't get my wrong, I'm flattered that you'd go through all of this for me. But I'm just not-"

Angeline held up a hand and Misty broke off in mid-sentence instantly.

As the two eased even closer, the intoxicating scent growing exponentially stronger, Sophia spoke again. "Let's worry about that later, shall we? Come here. Sit with us."

Misty stayed where she was.

"Please?" Sophia asked, pouting. "After all, we've gone to all this trouble to see you."

Not fully aware that she was even moving, Misty took the few steps that closed the gap between herself and her visitors. The other women parted, each moving to one side. Sophia took hold of Misty's left arm while Angeline gently took her right. They walked her to the bed and set her on the edge of the neon patchwork quilt, one of them sitting down to either side of her.

"Isn't this better than just standing?" Angeline asked quietly.

Unable to help herself, Misty nodded slowly.

Sophia grinned again. "I think so, too. This is so much cozier." She placed a hand on Misty's bare thigh and began to rub the tanned, toned flesh gently.

"No," Misty said, her voice thick. "Don't. I told you, I don't want that."

She took hold of Sophia's wrist, intending to remove the other woman's hand from her leg. However, the instant she touched the smooth, warm flesh she froze. Her hand moved, drawn in slow movements by Sophia's as the other woman continued to rub her thigh. 
