 He was completely unconscious. He wouldn't wake, not with that bullet hole in his side and the amount of blood he had already lost. 

Pushing up to her elbow, Aria stared down at the man in oblivion next to her. He was in no way a small man, over six-two, his weight she would never attempt to guess, but solid, packed muscle with not a trace amount of extra flesh anywhere that she had ever seen. And although grime and dirt covered he was still an incredibly good-looking male, too good-looking in fact, yet in a rugged masculine way, and that mane of jet-black hair atop his head only set off his handsomeness even more.

Her gaze traveled from his slumbering face to the area of the wound he'd received, the material stained dark with his blood. The scent of the life giving liquid tugged at her hunger even though she had dined freely on the targets they'd been sent after fought with and destroyed. 

Aria honed in on his heartbeat, faint but steady. He would live if he received medical attention soon unless she chose to do something about it now. She would not however, do that to him, not this man, not Taylor Chatham.

Her eyesight took in everything, capable of seeing even in the pitch-black darkness that surrounded them. This cave had been a blessing to find after that battle they'd undertook, both needed to rest, Taylor, unable to go any farther had slipped into unconsciousness the minute his back had hit the hard dirt floor.

Aria let her eyes move lower, over the loose, filthy Dockers encasing him from the waist down, those too stained with blood. Her hunger increased, yet there was an added need building within her, a need that she now knew only Taylor could fulfill.

She knew from scent alone that his blood was one of those ultra rare types. The kind that could not only quench completely the hunger creatures like her had with one feeding, but would also give a pulse of sheer power with the taking of it. And then there was his semen. Taking that from him, as she was so obviously about to do would charge her body in ways she had only heard about. Either way, through her own throbbing cavern or oral, it really did not matter how she got it. Aria trembled. 

If she did partake of that area of his body, would he know, would he remember? She questioned in the dark silence. 

Her free hand lifted to the fly of the Dockers, easing over the bulge neatly packaged beneath the material and very nearly sighed aloud with the feel. He was big, really big and that brought a curl to her lips.

She needed to get him out of here, get him medical help, she argued with herself for what she was thinking of doing. His blood combined with his semen would give her enough strength to get them both to safety. Her gaze slipped back to his face and until she heard the rasp of his zipper, Aria had no idea that her hand was carrying out what her body wanted. 

Continuing to watch for any signs of wakefulness, she slipped her hand inside, her fingers finding and wrapping around a cock that, even soft, would make a woman swoon at his feet. He was even bigger than she'd first realized and he gave a soft groan as she tugged him free of the material.

"I will stop the bleeding, Taylor." She whispered, sitting up and releasing her hold on him, she lifted the T-shirt up, exposing rippled abs and the wound at his side.

Aria lowered her head, the scent of that rare blood making her hunger almost unbearable; her body warmed almost instantaneously when her tongue snaked out and came back with the quickly drying fluid. There was the slightest of burns as she swallowed, then a tingle, a feathery spike of something deeper as the taste moved down her throat.

She wouldn't technically be drinking from him, only taking in what his body was expelling through the hole. The benefit to him was that her saliva would seal the wound, but that bullet was still in there. It would have to be removed once they reached safety.

Aria opened her mouth wide, Taylor shifted in sleep and with her tongue she swiped all traces of his blood from around the wound, pulling in the seepage until she could feel the hole closing. Her body warmed even more, the tingling increased almost to the point of numbness as the rarity of his blood fueled her senses and she moved from his side to that impressive rod now lying freely atop the front of his dark pants.

Coming to her knees, Aria leaned down, taking him in hand again and a surge of pure, unadulterated lust ripped through her body as she slowly pulled him into her mouth.

The taste of his flesh was just as amazing as the rest of him, spurring her actions further as she took more and more of him inside the moist heat of her mouth. She felt the pole jerk, then twitch and begin to fill. He swelled at a remarkable speed as she lathed his flesh with her saliva, lifting him to lick the sensitive underside then the top before sucking him back into the deeper recesses of her throat. Still he showed no signs of waking above her and she quickened her pace.

Her jaws concaved as she sucked, holding him at his base with one hand while the other slid beneath to caress and massage the filling sacs beneath. The first drop of his pre-cum was like an explosion of flavor inside her mouth and she greedily devoured it, savoring the taste and the quick flash of energy it gave.

Her speed quickened, one hand pumping in time with her mouth riding him, the other gently but firmly squeezing his sacs urging him toward climax. He was fully stiff now, almost unreal in circumference and an extremely incredible length of hot, velvet-encased steel flesh, pulsating and straining for release and yet she continued taking in as much as her mouth would hold, letting him slip past the back of her throat time and time again. 

Aria heard him groan, felt his big body tighten knowing he was close to the end and her speed increased. Tightening her lips around him as she rode him upward, sucking when she reached his tip and then eased her pressure as she moved back down to meet her hand.

She crooked her index finger, using her knuckle to apply a slight pressure at the small space between his sacs and anus, stimulating his prostate. In reaction his hips bucked upward, his tip sinking deep into the back of her throat, his chest above her expanded as he pulled in air and then searing lava hit the back of her throat.

Like an earthen dam giving way under the sheer force of a giant wave, the power in behind his release was devastating, burning a flaming path down her throat into her belly. The force so powerful she had no need to swallow as it raced freely down her esophagus and already she could feel the surge of strength his climax was giving her.

Like a starving man consuming water for the first time in days, Aria greedily took everything he gave and only when his flow began to ebb did she back off, sucking as hard as she could to drain him dry. His body went lax, his breathing raspy, and still he did not wake. While the power gripped her belly then slowly began to spread through her body, Aria cleaned off his length, taking every last precious drop of his semen she could gather. 

After he was thoroughly cleaned, Aria gently stuffed him back inside the confines of the Dockers, zipping and snapping the metal clasp before lifting her head. She glanced up to his face and for a shocking moment thought she could see slivers of silver beneath lashes.

She straightened, peering into his face, but now there was no sign that he had actually awakened, had actually caught her sucking him off. The thick sweep of black lashes lay softly fanned out upon the high cheekbones, his flesh was slightly flushed from his orgasm, but she could see that he was still unconscious and a flash of guilt washed through her, but only for a fraction of a second.

Sitting back on her behind, she let her own lids drop as the rush of energy raced through her bloodstream building higher and higher with each passing moment until she could barely contain her movements. Aria did not wait for the full effect of his orgasmic empowerment to hit, but leaning over, as if he weighed no more than a bag of potatoes she lifted him from the dirt floor and in a blur of movement and wind she whisked him to safety.