 The predator scanned the dark parking lot of the campus library, taking in the glow of the street lights and the sparse number of cars. Few cars was a good sign, the predator knew. It meant that few people were likely to be around see. If someone had happened to see, they would call the police. It would complicate matters, but in the end it would not really matter. The predator smiled. The police could investigate all they wanted, in the end the predator knew it had nothing to fear. Tonight the thirst was in control, and there was nothing anyone could do to stop it.

She walked swiftly through the parking lot clutching her purse, her white Nikes squeaking with every other step. She had accidentally popped air pocket on the left shoe a week ago. It bothered her at first, but now she didn't even register the noise. Her attention was instead focused on the green Honda parked at the other end of the lot. It had been a productive evening in the library, and she was feeling very satisfied with herself. Her single mindedness was so complete that she didn't turn to look when she heard the sliding door of the van she was nearing. She did turn when she felt the hand grab the wrist which held her purse. She gasped when she felt the knife being pressed to her throat.

"Get in the car slut," the gruff voice of the man ordered. Curiously, it was surprise that registered at the front of the girl's mind first. How could she have been taken like this, without any idea that someone was coming after her? Barely a heartbeat later, she made the decision to run. She twisted her wrist out of his grip, and turned away from the knife to run. She made it several paces when it occurred to her a knee in the crotch before she ran would have made for a better escape. In the next instant the man impacted with her back and they sprawled onto the pavement.

He hadn't been ready for the girl to run. Sometimes they ran before he got close to them, but not once he had his knife out. When girls saw the knife they usually begged and cried. He liked it when they cried, when they begged. But it was so much better when they resisted. This one was tough, she had surprised him almost enough to escape. But he was smarter than any woman could ever hope to be. She never really had a chance of beating him. 

The man straddled her on the pavement and ground his crotch into her hip. "You almost got away," he whispered into her ear, "can you feel how excited that made me?" She did feel it when he ground himself on her body, the hard length of him through his jeans left no doubt in her mind what his intentions were. He was not after her purse, the man on top of her had something far more intimate he wanted to steal. He raised his fist with a smile that hinted at dark things to come, then her vision was quickly consumed by his fist.

She tried to open her eyes, but the blindfold was too tight against her face. She was still wearing the black yoga pants and tank top she had come out of the library in, but her jacket had been taken from her. She could feel the cold metal of the handcuffs which spread her arms out across the mattress. Her feet were similarly spread to either side tied to the posts at the foot of the bed with rope instead of handcuffs. She barely had time to recognize the feel of the sheet before her blindfold was removed. 

The man who had abducted her was standing over her with her blindfold in his hand. He looked mid thirties, average height, average weight, average Joe. Jeans and a simple black T-shirt hung on his body. His arms were slightly muscled, and the outline of his chest could be seen through his shirt. The man wasn't toned like an athlete, but he had clearly kept himself in shape. He was not unattractive in his own way, except for his eyes, in his eyes there was a strange hunger when he looked down on her.

She had expected to be raped in his van, instead he had brought her here, to this strange room. He clearly thought she had been unconscious on the trip from the library to what she assumed must be his house. She had played the part and kept her eyes shut and her body relaxed until the blindfold had been removed. Now she got her first glance of the room she was tied up in. It was clearly an unfinished basement of some kind. From the age and look of the man who held her she wouldn't be surprised to have been in the suburbs of the city. The bed she was sprawled out upon was the only furniture in the room. Several video cameras were placed strategically around it, like the production studio of an X-rated film. She saw the walls of the basement last, and it wasn't until then that she realized where she truly was. 

Snapshots of over a dozen different girls were taped to the walls. All were taken in the middle of varying sexual acts. Most of the girls were crying, sobbing at what was being done to them. Some had a dead and defeated stare, as though they were not really there but someplace far better. The woman knew exactly where she was. High school and college age girls had been disappearing across the city for over a year now. The police and FBI had no leads on any of them. She had been taken by a serial killer the papers had begun comparing to Ted Bundy.

As this realization sunk in the man began removing her shoes. First the right, then the left, which squeaked feebly when he dropped it on the cement floor of the basement. Then he removed her socks, before reaching in his pants and getting out his knife again. When she saw the knife her eyes grew wipe and a whimper escaped her lips. She closed her eyes and felt the first tears leak out and run down the side of her face. 

"Are you afraid?" she suddenly realized his face was right next to hers, his breath in her ear, and something else: the knife was pressed against her throat again. 

"Yes, please let me go," she barely got the words out due to her trembling, "I won't tell anyone. I promise."

"You should be afraid," he continued, running his tongue along her face, licking the track where her tears had run. He sat back up and took hold of one of her ankles. He used the knife to cut up along the inside seam of her sweats. The woman lifted her head from the bed and saw her captor rubbing his crotch with his hand. Her underwear was showing through the rags that used to be her pants. It was simple enough, but it was a thong, it seemed to excite him further.

"You wear a thong to the library?" he sneered at her, "You're a real slut. I'll bet you were just aching to spread your legs for anyone who asked. How 'bout it slut? Did you fuck someone in the library?"

He tore away the remnants of her pants and flung them aside. "You probably found some guy in there tonight and told him you were wearing that," he leaned over and whispered in her ear again. "You found some guy that should have been studying, but instead you seduced him. He's going to fail that test he has tomorrow because of you, slut. You fucked two ways. That's what sluts like you do, you ruin lives."

He paused from his rant for a moment. Then, "I'll bet you shave your cunt too don't you?" he continued. The sound of her increased sobbing seemed to confirm his accusation. He reached between her legs and rubbed the outside of her panties causing her to squirm in protest. "Don't pretend you don't like it. You can't walk around with a thong on and shave your cunt and expect me to believe you're not a slut," he laughed at her struggles.

He stood up then, and removed his shirt. She could clearly see the bulge in his jeans where he had grown hard from the twisted version of foreplay they had begun. He undid his jeans next, and his erection became even more pronounced with nothing but boxer shorts to restrain it. 

The rapist cut away her tank top next. He couldn't seem to find anything lewd to say about her sports bra so he cut that away too, exposing her small breasts. From the way he was breathing and the very visible hard on he had she didn't think his teasing would last much longer. It was degrading and humiliating, but what would come after that would be worse.

He leaned over her chest and blew softly on one of her nipples. She could feel it stiffen traitorously in reaction to the chill. He touched it tentatively with the tip of his tongue, then took it into his mouth to suck on. She kept perfectly still, not wanting to excite him by moving. She made no noise, not a sob or word of protest. Then, without warning he bit down hard. It was too much. She screamed with surprise and pain.

"Please! Stop oh god, please stop!" she sobbed, close hysterics now. 

The man said nothing; he just stood up and removed his shorts. His cock stood almost straight up with his desire. It oozed just a little from the tip. He stroked it in one hand and picked the knife up off the bed with the other. Quickly he cut away her panties. There was a sense of purpose to his movements now. He wanted her, and he was going to take her.

He smiled wickedly when he saw her pussy was indeed shaved bare. "I knew you shaved it. I can always tell a slut when I see one." He leaned over top of her now and she could feel his hard cock over her clit. He ran his hands and mouth over her chest more, licking and without warning biting down on her hard. She knew it was only encouraging him, but she could help but whimper when he hurt her. He sat up a little bit, adding weight to the cock already pressing against her slit. He was beyond words at this point. No more teasing, all that was left was the final invasion. 

She felt the tip part her opening a little. She knew it was coming but couldn't help but to gasp when he entered her. He shoved his whole dick inside her in one brutal motion. The tears were flowing without restraint now, and she sobbed in rhythm to his cock pumping inside her.

Her captor smiled wickedly and looked down. The girl he had taken was spread out on his bed, his to posses. His cock slid out of her easily. She was crying and saying no, but he could tell she loved it. Why else would her slut cunt be dripping all over his cock? He closed his eyes and shoved into her harder, making her cries of protest come louder. Harder and faster he went, making sure to punish her with every stroke for being such a whore. 

He opened his eyes and leaned in close to her ear, pumping into her the whole time. "I'm gonna cum inside your hole slut," he whispered in her ear. He could feel her body shudder against his as he spoke. A low moan escaped her throat, and it sounded all wrong. He proper himself up again with his hands. Her terrified sobs were sounded almost like pleasured gasps. He grinned and kept thrusting.

"You like that don't you slut!" he taunted her.

"Oh god!" she called in response. The fear in her voice was evident, and yet just underneath the surface he could hear a note of enjoyment. The man was astonished, some of the women he had kept in his basement had come to enjoy him eventually, but never on the first night. They didn't last long after that. He pumped harder, his mind reeling in disbelief at the whore of a woman underneath him, sounding more and more like she was enjoying being fucked hard by a man had recently kidnapped her. 

His disbelief turned was clouding over to anger. Disgusting slut he thought, she thinks she can get away from me through flattery and deception. She thinks I'll let my guard down if she acts like she likes it. Just like a woman, willing to fuck her way to whatever she wants. He wasn't going to fall for it, and he would let her know he wasn't. 

The man reached out and grabbed her tit and squeezed hard. The girl cried out, and this time there could be no doubt she had enjoyed it. The man was furious. He pinched her nipples a twisted. She moaned and grunted and actually shouted "Yes!" He couldn't believe it. He slammed his cock into her but she just called out for more, straining at the ropes.

A small creaking noise came next. He had time to register that something wasn't right when he heard the rope snack under the tension she was putting on it. Immediately after he heard the other rope snap and felt her legs wrap themselves around him. And just like that the role was reversed. He was beginning to get scared and she just dug her heels into his ass and called for more. He wanted to run but he was too close to cumming now. Instinct was moving him, in and out even faster now. She snapped the ropes around her wrists now, there was no surprise, it was as though she could have at any time. 

She sat up and clung to his back, her nails dug into his skin and he could feel that she had drawn blood. "Fuck me!" she snarled into his face. His eyes grew wide in a bizarre combination of fear and disbelief. He was slamming himself into this girl harder than he ever had been able to and she was actually calling for more. 

He felt it. The tingling in his balls and burning in cock that warned that he was going to cum. His head swam and she gripped his hair and pulled his head to the side. He barely registered what was happening until he felt the sharp pain of her bite. Panic gripped him, she had bitten clean into his throat at the jugular. Then he felt her pull blood from the wound. He couldn't control it, the sensation was too much and he spasmed. He orgasm exploded through his body. Her pussy gripped at him and seemingly sucked the cum from his cock as she suck blood from his neck. Blood ran down his chest as she sucked greedily at him until his spasms and twitches subsided.

The predator eased his cock out of her and left his body fall off the bed in a heap. She wiped blood from her chin with her finger tips and licked it off, savoring the taste. Her fangs retracted back until she appeared to have normal sized teeth, though if anyone bothered to look close enough they would notice how uncommonly sharp they were. The predator sprawled back onto the bed and ran her finger tips lightly over her body. Dawn was approaching, so she would sleep her during the day, with the blood and the sex all around her. She drifted off into the dark and dreamless place vampires go during sleep.