 Peter Kurtzberg couldn't resist taking a look, just a quick peek over the cubicle wall.

Bobbi Ross was very pretty. She had a heart-shaped face that glowed with warmth and whenever she smiled, which was often, her blue eyes sparkled like precious stones. Her naturally blonde hair was cut short in a cute little bob.

If Kurtzberg was totally sure she wasn't looking he liked to run his gaze along the trim lines of her body, wishing it was his hands rather than his eyes roaming over her perfectly proportioned curves. Despite being dainty, her body was athletic and well-toned. Kurtzberg knew she worked out regularly at the gym.

Bobbi always got plenty of cards and flowers on Valentine's Day. In the middle of the cards and smaller bouquets was a gigantic floral arrangement. Kurtzberg was proud of it. It had cost a lot of money but he didn't mind. It was a small token of gratitude when compared with all the days her sunny presence at the office brightened up his life. It was a display of appreciation he'd never be able to give her in person.

He'd like to. God knows he'd pictured the moment, dreamed about it, fantasised even about telling her just how much he truly loved her.

He could never do it.

In his dreams she said 'yes' and there followed a whirlwind of candlelit dinners, expensive hotels and long lazy nights together in bed.

In his nightmares she laughed in his face and he woke up feeling like a bug smashed under a rock.

No, he knew he'd never be able to withstand that rejection.

It was just a silly dream.

This was better.

He wondered if she fantasised about the identity of her secret admirer. Kurtzberg hoped his gift brought as much joy to her as the sight of her every day in the office gave to him.

*****

"Aw, that's so sweet," Bobbi said as she opened and read the card that came with the large flower arrangement.

"And quite impressive," Greg David said. The single rose he'd bought her made him feel rather... small in comparison.

"Is that a note of envy I detect there?" Bobbi laughed.

"Nah, I got a card from the tall blonde in the mailroom," Greg said. "You know, the one with the large rack."

He laughed as Bobbi slapped him on the arm.

"Teaser, I should take away your sex privileges for that," Bobbi said.

"So are you going to tell me about your mysterious admirer then?" Greg asked. "Is he some tall, dark and handsome hunk I'll have to battle to the death in order to win back you affections?"

"Hardly," Bobbi smiled. "It's Peter."

"Kurtzberg?"

They both looked over to the cubicle where the office statistician made his home. A pale round face with spectacles ducked down behind the divider like a mole going down its hole.

"Kurtzberg," Greg laughed.

"It's sweet really. He thinks I don't know. He's had a crush on me ever since I first arrived at the office."

"And he's never said anything?"

"Oh god no. Thank goodness."

"So no desire to succumb to the ardent desires of the moleman then?"

Bobbi pulled a face. "Please."

*****

"Looks like you've got an admirer this year," the mail lady, an old woman who'd been at the office a long time, said as she placed a small package onto the table.

Kurtzberg looked at the small box. It looked suspiciously like a gift.

Kurtzberg didn't get gifts, especially not on Valentine's Day.

Puzzled, he picked up the box. It was wrapped in dark red shiny paper and topped with a little pink bow. Now who could this be from? Bobbi?

Kurtzberg's heart picked up a few beats.

No, surely not.

"Whoa, stop right there."

Kurtzberg inwardly winced when he heard Jacob Pak's voice.

"Is that an actual Valentine's Day gift?" Jacob continued. "Someone actually sent you a Valentine's gift? Hey everyone, look at this. Kurtzberg's got a secret lover."

Just leave me alone, Kurtzberg thought. He put on a forced smile as his co-workers crowded the cubicle wall.

"Now that's someone who knows what a proper Valentine's gift should be," Bettie Lee said, her pasty round face leaning over the cubicle wall. "I'll take yummy chocolates over flowers anytime."

"C'mon, don't keep us in suspense," Greg said.

Reluctantly, Kurtzberg tore away the red paper to reveal a plain black box.

"Not chocolates," Bettie said wistfully.

Kurtzberg took the lid off the box. Inside was a square black stone about the size of his hand. There was an inscription engraved into the surface, but the letters were so worn Kurtzberg couldn't read them.

He turned the stone over. On the other side was a carving of a ferocious looking female demon with horns, wings and a tail. The artist had over-emphasised her breasts and vagina.

What was it, Kurtzberg thought, some kind of fertility fetish?

"What an ugly thing," Bobbi said. "Why would anyone send that as a Valentine's gift?"

"Kurtzberg mate, I know you're desperate, but try to steer clear of the nut jobs," Jacob said.

Kurtzberg ignored him. There was a card on the bottom of the box. On the cover was a picture of a sexy cartoon devil. She was smiling as she pulled an overweight and balding man towards her by his tie.

"What does it say?" Bobbi asked.

Kurtzberg opened it and read the card aloud.

"The stone is a succubus tablet. According to myth it bestows erotic dreams on whoever owns it. Sweet dreams."

The handwriting was elaborate and feminine. Kurtzberg didn't recognise it. Underneath it was the red lipstick imprint of a full pair of lips.

"Sounds like the perfect present for Kurtzberg," Jacob said. "As the only place he's ever going to get any..." He tossed it up.

"Is in his dreams." Greg delivered the smash.

"Bada-boom," Jacob said, high-fiving Greg.

Fucking jerks, Kurtzberg thought, his face burning.

*****

Kurtzberg had a backlog of data to work through, so he didn't get round to leaving the office until after seven. The bars he drove past were already filling up with happy couples.

Kurtzberg went home to his cold, dark flat. The terms of his lease meant he couldn't even keep a pet. There was nothing and no one to greet him as he opened the front door and walked through into his living room. He slumped down in his armchair.

He wasn't going to wallow in self pity.

It never achieved anything. He'd figured out years ago the world wasn't fair. People weren't all the same. Not everyone could be athletic, good looking or smart. You could waste your life moping over what fate had failed to bestow on you, or you could make the best of what you had and get on with it.

Days like Valentine's Day were tough though. Out there he knew happy couples were staring lovingly into each other's eyes at romantic, candlelit dinners. All he had to look forward to was a microwave dinner in front of the TV.

He wasn't going to wallow in self-pity.

Kurtzberg looked down at the succubus tablet, his 'gift'.

Kurtzberg had accepted his own limitations and learned to live with them long ago. He didn't need to be reminded of them by people who took their own genetic good fortune for granted. They'd already been blessed with good looks and everything else. Why feel the need to fucking rub it in?

He wasn't going to...

Fucking Valentine's Day.

Kurtzberg threw the tablet across the room.

It didn't strike the far wall.

"Hey! Be careful. That's my calling card."

The table hadn't hit the wall because a petite girl had stepped out of the shadows and caught it. She was wearing an old fashioned telegram delivery girl's costume. Her long red hair spilled out from beneath a little peaked cap. The face beneath was pale and delicate, elfin almost. While her face looked delicate, Kurtzberg couldn't fail to notice how her uniform strained to cover her ample chest.

"Who are you?" Kurtzberg asked. "What are you doing here?"

How had she got into his flat?

The elfin-faced girl smiled.

"I'm here to deliver your Valentine's Day present," she said. "Me."

She started to unbutton her uniform, revealing the inviting chasm of her cleavage beneath.

Was this a continuation of Jacob and Greg's practical joke? Kurtzberg thought. Had they hired a tart to inflict further humiliation on him? Were they outside right now, waiting for the most incriminating moment to burst in, camera phones at the ready?

Then the girl stepped forward and Kurtzberg knew immediately that Jacob and Greg -- or any other human agency for that matter -- weren't responsible.

The horns, little red nubs protruding from her forehead, were noticeable, but it was her eyes that truly gave her away as not of this world. They were perfect black orbs. Staring at them was like staring through two peepholes into the abyss.

Kurtzberg gasped and crawled back into his chair.

"No, please don't be afraid," she pleaded, holding out her hands in an attempt to show she meant no harm. She looked so vulnerable something plucked at Kurtzberg's heartstrings.

"Are you a demon?" Kurtzberg asked. He couldn't believe he was asking the question.

The girl nodded coyly. She raised the folded points of two bat wings up above her shoulder and reached behind to present him the end of a slender red tail.

He couldn't be seeing this. She couldn't be real.

There was a long pause. Kurtzberg stared at the demon, every muscle tense with fear. She stood there with her tail in her hand, looking strangely pure and innocent, like a shy schoolgirl.

"Are you going to kill me?" Kurtzberg asked.

The girl momentarily looked stunned. Then she broke out into an open-faced smile.

"No," she laughed, "whatever gave you that idea."

"Um, you're a demon. Isn't that what you do?"

The girl laughed again. "Silly. That's lies spread by the other side. They never want you to have any fun."

"And you do?"

"Oh yes. Lots and lots of fun."

While they were talking the girl had slowly walked forwards until she stood right in front of Kurtzberg. She smiled mischievously at him and slowly popped the buttons of her uniform. Underneath she was wearing a sexy red bra with frilly white trim. Her breasts were considerably larger than Kurtzberg would have expected from a girl of her slim build.

During their conversation Kurtzberg had managed to crawl so far back into the chair his bum rested about halfway up the back rest. Both his feet were currently standing on the seat.

"I don't bite," the girl said. She gently grabbed his ankles and pulled him back down to a more natural sitting position.

Her scent drifted over him like a cloud. Kurtzberg didn't really have much of a clue when it came to perfume, but it smelt nice and he felt his heart pick up a few beats. She didn't seem all that threatening he supposed, more like a cartoon of a demon rather than a real actual demon.

A very cute cartoon, Kurtzberg thought, looking over her trim body. She had removed her uniform and was down to her bra and silky red panties. Her flesh was pale and smooth, like flawless marble.

"Do you like what you see?" she asked, giving her full chest a little wiggle.

"You're beautiful," Kurtzberg said.

"Oh thank you," the girl said. She stepped into the chair until she was straddling Kurtzberg. She bent over, giving him a close-up view of the lush valley between her breasts, and lightly kissed him on the forehead. The touch of her soft lips sent sparks crackling under his skin.

He was dreaming. That had to be it. He'd pushed himself so hard at work he'd fallen asleep as soon as he'd collapsed into the chair.

The girl sat down in his lap and ground her hips against him. She smiled and wiggled the top half of her body.

What a dream, Kurtzberg thought. He felt his cock jump to life in his trousers.

The girl winked and reached behind her back to unhook her bra. Her milky-white breasts fell unfettered before him and bounced hypnotically. He couldn't look away from her pale globes as she wiggled in his lap.

"Who sent you?" Kurtzberg asked in wonderment. This was the best gift he'd ever received.

"Shh," the girl said, putting a finger on his lips. "Don't you know it's bad luck to ask where a Valentine's gift came from."

The girl stepped off him. She twirled her body, swinging her hips in a sultry dance. Still smiling she hooked her fingers -- the fingernails were black and shiny like the carapaces of beetles, Kurtzberg noticed -- around the elastic of her panties. Her hips gyrated and the panties were sent spinning to the floor.

She was naked.

At first she teased Kurtzberg, keeping her legs tight together so Kurtzberg couldn't see the treasures hidden between them. Then they slowly came apart, revealing the smooth, hairless labia of her pussy. Her slender tail came up between her legs and the arrowhead tip lightly ran between the pale folds of her flesh.

She jumped back into his lap and ground her naked crotch against him with smooth thrusts of her hips. Kurtzberg gasped as he felt her grind against his erect cock. His underpants and trousers felt painfully constrictive.

"I think it's time for the real fun," the girl purred.

She reached down and unzipped his fly. A delicate hand reached in and gently extricated his cock. It was already slick with pre-cum after her lap dance. She pulled it up and out of his fly until it stood up straight and proud.

Her warm hand gently stroked up and down his shaft. She leaned forward, giving him a close-up view of her creamy white breasts, and raised her pussy up over his erection.

Was she really going to? Kurtzberg thought. His blood was pumping so fast through his veins he thought his heart might explode from the excitement.

She smiled and fixed her deep black eyes onto his. Gently she guided his cock to the opening of her vagina, holding him there as her labia kissed its head. She slowly sat down, engulfing his cock in the soft flesh of her vagina.

"Ohh." Kurtzberg could only moan incoherently as he felt her moist flesh contract around him. She was so soft and warm.

She moved her hips up and down with slow, languid strokes. Kurtzberg closed his eyes and lay back with his mouth slightly agape. This was heaven. It couldn't be a dream. It was too good to be a dream.

"Open your eyes," the girl said.

Her voice was different and strangely familiar. Kurtzberg opened his eyes and saw Bobbi's face in front of him, her eyes shut in ecstasy.

How?

His body didn't care. He started to thrust back at her, lifting both of their bodies up off the seat. It was Bobbi's body bouncing on his. It was Bobbi's breasts swaying in front of him. It was Bobbi's beautiful heart-shaped face flushed red with pleasure. It was Bobbi moaning at the intimacy of their bodies moving together.

It was too much.

Kurtzberg grunted loudly as the orgasm exploded from him. He pushed his hips up higher off the seat than before, driving his cock deep into her velvet warmth as he gushed semen into her hungry pussy. She pushed down against him and moaned in pleasure as her own orgasm quivered around his cock. Her vagina sucked hungrily at him, drawing every last drop of cum deep into her body.

Kurtzberg collapsed back into the chair, completely spent. Physically it had been perfect, the most wonderful release ever, but emotionally there was a hole, a nagging empty space he couldn't quite ignore.

Bobbi opened her eyes and Kurtzberg stared through them into dark abyssal depths. An involuntary shiver ran down his spine.

"I can fool your senses, but inside you'll always know I'm not her." Bobbi put her hands to her face and then dropped them to reveal the sad face of the succubus.

"I'm sorry," Kurtzberg said.

"Don't be silly," she said, her sad face transforming into a sunny smile. "I'm a demon. You're not supposed to fall in love with me."

She kissed him on the forehead again.

"I can get her for you," she whispered in his ear.

Really? Was such a thing within her power to grant? Kurtzberg's heart quickened at the prospect.

"I can see the great love you feel for her. You only need the opportunity to show it to her," she continued.

That was true, Kurtzberg thought. He always felt they'd be good together if only she could look past his exterior.

"What about Greg?" Kurtzberg knew he was better for Bobbi than Greg, but there was no way she'd look at him while Greg was still around.

"Mmm, you leave Greg to me." The succubus sat up and licked her lips. "I am a succubus after all."

She stared down at him with her jet-black eyes.

"All you have to do is give me the command and I'll make her yours."

Kurtzberg's blood quickened in his veins. Was it possible? Could she really do it? His heart ached at the prospect. He'd desired Bobbi for so long. Just a chance was all he asked for. He felt sure she'd reciprocate his desire if only she could see the depth of love he held for her.

"Yes," he said. "Please."

The succubus beamed with excitement and clasped her hands together. "I can be your Cupid," she said.

She leant forward and embraced him enthusiastically, squashing her full breasts against his chest. Her naked pussy rubbed against his cock and Kurtzberg felt it start to twitch back to life. The tip of her dainty little nose brushed against his as she stared into his eyes.

"A Cupid that's about to give you a thorough lesson in how to fuck." The succubus's voice dropped to a sultry rasp.

Kurtzberg felt something wind around his cock. Her tail, he realised with a start, before she guided him back inside her soft warmth and all conscious thought was blown aside by the wildfire of her lust.

"You're a nice boy," the succubus said, pumping her hips up and down faster than before, "just lacking a little self-esteem."

Oh god. She felt tighter this time and the friction was faster as she thrust her hips against him.

"I know it's hard to maintain that with all the bullies out there, chipping at you every day, making you feel inferior."

Her rhythm grew faster and faster and Kurtzberg groaned as he felt another orgasm rising within him.

"Yes. I think we'll sort that out first," the succubus said. She stared directly into his eyes.

Her vaginal muscles gave his cock a little squeeze at precisely the right point. He fired a rocket of his seed deep into her sucking vagina and lay back as the orgasm rolled on and on throughout his body. Crying out her pleasure, his succubus fell upon him, her unfurled bat wings drifting across them both like a blanket.

*****

"Whose idea was it to give Peter that horrible stone, yours or Jacob's?" Bobbi asked as she and Greg lay in bed together. The early morning sunshine had just started to creep in through the curtains.

"Not me," Greg said.

"Well you didn't need to join in," Bobbi said. "It wasn't very nice."

"No," Greg replied. "I got caught up in the moment."

It wasn't exactly his finest hour, he thought. The last thing he wanted was people around the office thinking he was another nasty little prick like Jacob.

"This is going to sound stupid, but I think I felt a little threatened when I saw the gifts he'd sent you," Greg said. "I never realised he had so much of a crush on you."

"It's harmless," Bobbi said. "Everyone at the office used to be completely horrible to him. I think I was the first person to talk to him like a decent human being. He's followed me around with puppy-dog eyes ever since."

"Feeling threatened by someone like that is kinda silly isn't it," Greg said.

"Yes," Bobbi smiled.

"Stupid dumb male hormones," Greg said.

"I feel sorry for him," Bobbi said. "No one ever invites him to anything. I don't think he has any friends outside of work either. He must be terribly lonely."

"He doesn't seem like a bad bloke," Greg said, "just, you know, kind of awkward."

"He saved Jennifer's house you know," Bobbi said. "The bank was going to repossess it after that louse of a husband ran off. He went through her finances and came up with a plan that the bank managers were happy with."
