 This story follows on from my submission in the 2006 Halloween Story Contest - 'Halloween - The Taker'. 

I received some requests for a sequel and presumed that meant a story based on the exploits of the group that was only mentioned in passing - The Nightmare Squad. In essence this is a group whose task it is to track and dispose of creatures whose actions and/or unspeakable brutalities defy both all normal human logic, and the usual police procedures.

Readers will find the story more understandable and therefore, hopefully more satisfying if they read 'The Taker' first - but, as this story is mostly 'self-contained' that's not absolutely necessary. In either case, I trust you enjoy!

* * * * *

Part 2 - DevilWoman

The wildly varying sounds still managed to somehow mix together, creating what in other circumstances might have been thought a rhythmically modernistic concerto. The deeply thrumming motors providing the base-line, and the two voices - though strained and often intermittent - adding an asynchronous and sometimes totally unmelodic pair of discords.

The woman was all but hidden in the depth of the shadow of the metal that reared high behind her, only her long, slender legs were caught in the edge of the blaze of the surrounding arc lights. Her legs, and the man's palely chubby buttocks.

His deep baritone grunts blending, sometimes harmoniously, with her low soprano, but more tight-throated squealing.

His cock was short and stubby, but, as though to make up for the shortfall, extraordinarily thick. The woman loved it being like that - though sometimes she caught herself trying to remember just what a longer one had actually felt like. But, as an irregular fuck, short and thick was fine. And the feel of the motor throbbing beneath her just added that extra bit of excitement; its relentless beat spreading up through her body, then combining with his powerful thrusting to urge her ever closer to her climax.

She never failed to excite him, well at times like this night that was - maybe on other nights he liked to find a woman with rather bigger tits - but for nights like this, she was great. Well, she was there - they were there for each other. Right then he could feel her juicily slippery pussy tightening, it seeming to be urging him to thrust even deeper, do it even faster - exactly as he wanted to. So he did - and felt the first dizzying surge welling up from somewhere deep inside him.

'Go Carl! Go now, now, nowww!' she cried as she felt her own orgasm starting.

The final minute of their coupling was a totally frenzied one; her finger-nails digging deep into his flesh, drawing bright pin-points of blood - his body slamming hers hard down against the edge of the motor, marking and bruising her. Both bodies dripping with their sweat - both faces twistedly contorted - their voices just raspingly hoarse cries. His beefy cock pounding, spouting thick, sticky gobbets - her welcoming cunt noisily sucking each load.

'Shit - I needed that!' he gasped a few moments later.

'Me too! she answered.

'I wonder if it heard us.' he said, nodding to the container behind them.

'Not if the experts were right, it should be nothing but a frozen block of something by now.'

'Let's hope so.' he said, ignoring the messily squelching sounds he made as he pulled his cock back out of her. 'Got some tissues?' he added hopefully.

'Sure, you know me, once a girl scout, always a girl scout.' she replied with a grin as she reached down for her uniform trousers.

It was always like this - well on nights like this one it was, nights when their work took them to the edge, to the very brink of madness. Nights when they'd had a success, finally captured and dealt with a horror. Nights when they hadn't, when they'd had to examine and remove the remains of poor souls who had slaked some other horror's lust. As they'd had to do all too many times. On those nights they both knew when the other was in desperate need - and those feelings were usually mutual. But even when they weren't they both knew the other would be there for them, would satisfy that need. Like all the rest of their squad, once in their uniforms, they were a team - in everything.

'You were there at the start of this one, weren't you.' she said as she began mopping the sticky mess from between her thighs.

'At Wisteria Drive - yes, yes I was, though I wish I hadn't been.' he gruffly replied as he wiped his cock and pulled up his trousers. 'I still don't really understand what it was it actually did to them - even now nobody wants to talk about it. I did hear someone say they looked as though they'd been totally exanguinated - though we've never been able to find any trace of it moving equipment around. And there were seven of them! I mean just think of the size and number of containers you'd need for that amount of blood and tissue. I still have the occasional nightmare about it.' he added resentfully . 'Yes I understand, some of them do get to you, don't they. But we got it, that particular horror won't be doing any more of whatever it did.' she added encouragingly as she pointed to the container behind them.

'You're always really good for me Josie, you know that.'

'We're good for each other Carl, don't you ever forget that!' she replied as she stood to fasten and finish straightening her uniform. 'Now we just have to wait and see what else they find for us.'

 * * * * * * * * * *