 Steffi soaked in the tub for a little while longer, running her hands across her pale, milky skin, making sure the oils coated her nicely before stepping out. A cool breeze rushed through the room whipping her bare skin, making her shiver. Her nipples were instantly hard and she swore she felt a hand brush across her ass. She reached for her robe and it fell to the floor before she could catch it. Steffi stepped out of the water and bent over to pick up the robe when she felt something brush up against her. She whirled around with the robe only to see Charli sitting in the doorway. "Oh Jesus Steffi! You are a grown ass woman, get it together!" She cursed herself for being so paranoid and quickly got dressed. 

Steffi went about her day setting up the house and empting out boxes. She was not one to leave things unfinished so she moved fairly quickly. A later winter storm was rolling in so setting up the garage was just going to have to wait. She closed all the windows and lit a fire, then decided that it was time to retire to her study and work on her novel. She made herself a hot cup of tea and curled up on her chase lounge with her laptop, tea, and of course Charli at her feet. It wasn't long after she finished her tea that she drifted off to sleep. It was late afternoon and she was tired from a day of cleaning. 

Steffi laid in the lounge with her legs open and her shorts pulled to one side as she gazed out the window, her hand caressing her moist pussy. She was daydreaming about the stud that lived down the way when all of the sudden he appeared in the window. He stood there for a moment just staring at her with a halfcocked grin on his face before saying anything to her. She was so stunned that all she could think to do was put her hands over her pussy.

"Hi! Where are my manners? My name is Hank. And you are...?"

"Oh! Umm... Embarrassed? I mean, Steffi. My name is Steffi!" 

"Well it is nice to meet you Steffi. I saw you moving in over the last couple of days and I noticed that you were by yourself. Did you get everything in alright?"

"Oh yeah. No problems here."

"Well, I love what you've done with the old place. It is nice to see someone living here again. After that tragic accident and all... we weren't sure anyone would ever move in."

"Accident? What accident?"

"You mean to tell me you don't..."

Steffi was jerked out of her slumber when Charli started barking wildly at the door.

"Okay Charli I'm coming. Don't get your fur in a twist." Steffi raced for the door and calmly peered out the side window. It was the delicious looking man from down the road. She fixed her hair and pinched her cheeks to give them a splash of color. She flung the door open so fast that it startled him.

"Hi Hank! I am so glad you stopped by." She paused for a moment, wondering how it was she knew what to call him. They had never met before and he had a very bewildered look on his face.

"Have we met before?" The man said in a slow and nervous voice.

"Um.... No, you just look like a Hank so I thought I would throw it out there." She gave a little nervous laugh and shrugged her shoulders. 

"Ha-ha! Well you are right. It is Hank. Lucky guess. And you are...?"

"Oh! Umm... Embarrassed? I mean, Steffi. My name is Steffi!" 

"Well it is nice to meet you Steffi. I saw you moving in over the last couple of days and I noticed that you were by yourself. Did you get everything in alright?"

"Oh yeah. No problems here."

"Well, I love what you've done with the old place. It is nice to see someone living here again. After that tragic accident and all... we weren't sure anyone would ever move in."

"Accident? What accident?"

"You mean to tell me you don't know about what happened here and why the house has been empty for five years?"

"Nope. I just fell in love with it the moment I saw it, and the realtor couldn't wait to sell it!" The timer in the kitchen started to beep; her dinner was done. "Would you like to come inside Hank and have some homemade soup with me for dinner? I have some wine, and you could tell me all about what happened here..."

"Ummm, what the hell. Sure. As long as your guard dog doesn't mind. Is he/she friendly?"

"Who Charli? Oh sure, she is just protective. Charli, let Hank in. Go lay down baby girl."

Charli ran off and Steffi opened the door wider to invite Hank in. She could hardly believe what was happening. Steffi set out some bowls and glasses, poured the wine and the say and talked for what seemed like ages. She was amazed to hear that a woman had gone missing and her husband was accused of rape and murder. He went on to explain that the husband hung himself in the house.

"And they never found her huh?"

"Nope. Rumor has it she is buried somewhere on the property. But it is so big it hasn't been searched very well. You have about eight acres here ya know. Most of it is good for grazing cattle, but I am sure you could get a decent garden started."

"Well, if she is here I am sure Charli will eventually find her. She can find anything."

"I am sure she will. She seems like a smart pup."

"I had never really thought about what I was going to do with the land. I haven't even really explored all of it yet. Why was the realtor so eager to sell the place? I got it for less than market value?"

"Well, it is said that the husband still roams the property. And the people that bought it after didn't last more than three weeks before they gave it back to the bank. Some people claim that he can be seen in the window of the tower during the day, and that there is a soft glow of light up there at night. And that when it is really cold the window fogs over."

"Wow. I had no idea."

"Wish you had known before you bought the place?"

"I don't think it would have changed my mind. Why did the other people leave?"

"The woman said that she would wake up in the morning feeling like she had been intimate with someone but couldn't remember anything, and that she felt like she was being constantly touched throughout the day. But no one was home but her." 

"Rubbish. I don't believe in that stuff." Steffi laughed, but deep down she was worried. It sounded an awful lot like this morning. 

"Well Steffi, it has been a wonderful evening. I hope to get to know you more. Dinner was great, thank you. See you around?"

"Oh for sure. You are my first introduction! I make a great strudel, I'll make it for you sometime." She couldn't believe how cheesy she sounded.

"Have a great night. And don't let Peter bite." He winked at her and gave her a little kiss on the cheek before leaving. 

Great. How was she going to sleep know knowing that Peter was on the loose. She shut off all the lights, locked all the door and windows, and slept with her bathroom light on that night. She put on her P.J.'s and snuggled into her bed. Charli was right by her side and was out within seconds. "Lucky dog. You don't have to worry about anything." She muttered to herself and closed her eyes.

Her legs parted and she felt a warm sensation on her pussy. It was familiar and she was instantly relaxed and sunk her head back in to the pillows. She reached down and stroked the head that was in between her legs and moaned as his tongue parted her lips and pierced her wet pussy. She could hear him lapping at her juices and sucking in her bean. It wasn't long before her bean swelled and per pussy started to wink. She gripped the sheets with one hand while she gripped his hair with another and began to scream.