 His tongue fucked her pussy harder and faster as she screamed into the night. Both her hands were clasped to the side of his head, holding him still while she began to fuck his face. His dick pressed into the bed as she came all over his face and the sheets. His tongue slipped out of her gushing pussy and snaked its way up to her clit, flicking it before his lips sucked her in. 

He bit her clit with his teeth making her wince and cry out. Her entire body jolted from the sudden and intense pain, she begged him to lighten up but he wouldn't, he slipped two fingers into her pussy, then three, and four, eventually he had his entire hand inside of her, fisting her hard, she cried for him to stop, but he refused. 

Steffi awakened to the sound of rustling in the bushes outside the house, Charli bolted off the bed and ran to the window. It was open and she had her head outside barking, letting whoever was there know she was too! 

"Hello? Is anyone... is anyone where?" Steffi choked out the words, confused as to why she was soaking wet and in pain, trying to concentrate on the matter at hand. 

No answer. Whatever, or whoever was outside was now gone, or stopped moving to throw her off. It was too dark outside for her to see anything, and being two stories up didn't help her see anything either. She gave up looking, pulled her head back in, and shut the window. She took a few steps before crumpling on the floor, holding her pussy with one hand, while grasping Charli with the other. 

"Bathroom Charli, help me to the bathroom pretty girl." Charli seemed to know the urgency and helped drag Steffi into the bathroom. 

When they got in there Steffi reached for the light, managing to just barely tap the switch with her fingertips, her pajamas where soaked, but not with piss. She could feel the slime seeping out between her legs and trickling down her legs, Charli disappeared and ran off down the hall. 

Steffi crawled to the tub and ran the water, she was hoping that a soak in the tub would relieve the ache and help her sort out her thoughts. She slipped into the hot water and allowed her to sink in up to her chin, covering her shoulders, she let her knees fall to the sides of the tub and the hot water hit her pussy. Her eyes were tired and heavy, it was 3:30 in the morning and she was exhausted and confused. 

She was terrified in her own home, but had no clue how to handle this situation. She remembered closing up the house after Hank left, and the only window she left open was hers. There was no way anyone could have gotten in, it was two stories up and there was nothing under the window to climb. Could it really be this guy that lived here before, Peter? 

"This is crazy, how can a ghost do this to someone? They're ghosts!" Steffi was baffled. 

The warm water has helping her relax, maybe a little too much. 

Her eyelids grew heavy, too heavy for her to keep them open. She could feel herself starting to slip in the tub as her body relaxed even further. At first she did a good job fighting it, but eventually she succumbed to her need for sleep. Hey eyes closed and her head fell to the side, exposing the side of her neck and shoulder. Her legs were spread open in the tub with the bottoms of her feet touching each other under that water. Her breathing was causing the water to ripple, making her pale legs shimmer under the water. 

The water looked inviting, and her pussy seemed to glow under the water, her breathing causing her tits to rise and fall under the water. Every time she inhaled her nipples just barely poked up out of the water for a brief second. Her neck looked delicious, to delicious to ignore. He leaned in and kissed her softly, starting at her collar bone and letting his lips trail up to her bare shoulder and eventually her neck. She cooed at the soft touch and let her neck stretch out a little further. His figure started out under her smooth chin and traced down her neck to her heaving chest, and then between her luscious tits. He let his hand trail back and forth between them for a while, taking his time squeezing them with his massive hand, pinching her nipples and rolling them between his fingers. 

When he had had enough of her tits he let his hand slip down her belly and fall between her legs, resting on her very tender pussy for a moment. He began to gently rub her pussy, relishing in how her wet, soft flesh felt beneath his hand. He could feel her juices start to flow from her onto his hand and into the water. His kisses grew more intense on her neck as his rubbing on her pussy began to turn into more of another assault. He pressed a finger into her pussy and one into her tight ass, while managing to keep his thumb on her clit. 

He let his fingers work simultaneously on her orifices, making her squirm in the water, his lips latched on to her neck like a leach, sucking her soft skin into his mouth. He wasn't being as hard on her as before but she was going to feel it. He worked her just right, making her quiver and shake beneath him. She leaned her head back over the edge of the tub, her mouth slightly open, moaning as she came on him.

He released her neck and pussy to stand up, caressing her face with one hand, while pulling out his hard dick with the other. He titled her head a little to the side, her lips were a rosy pink, a nice contrast against his mauve colored head. He pressed his head into her mouth, forcing her mouth open wide enough to take in his stiff dick. Her tongue was wet and warm, and very soft. Her lips closed around his dick and he whispered to her.

"You will like this, give it a little suck and a little lick. Maybe, if you're a good girl, I'll give you a little taste."