 Steffi's moan was soft and muffled from his dick in her mouth. Her tongue was rolling around in her mouth and gently caressing his stiff, seven inch dick, making him moan and grunt. His sounds seemed to float away into the cool night air, leaving an eerie feeling hanging in the room. He held the back of her head still as he pumped in and out of her, working himself into a long overdue frenzy. He swelled in her mouth and fucked her harder and faster, he was right there, so close to blowing his load into her.

"That's it, open up for me baby, let me see your tonsils. That's a good little girl. Nice and wide."

Steffi opened wider, giving him a nice wide hole to aim into. He jerked on his dick until he blew into her mouth. He could see his cum pooling up into the back of her mouth, he dumped so much into her that it started to leak out the side and dribble down her cheek. He squeezed out the last few drops, shaking the last one off, and then leaving her to soak in the hot water. 

"Charli! What are you doing, no licking!" Steffi scolded her and rubbed the side of her face. "Oh god Charli, you left slobber on me, and... in my mouth?" She sat there puzzled for a moment, and then licked her lip. It wasn't dog slobber, it was semen. She suddenly realized what time it was a struggled in the water to stand up, the water was warm. How was that possible? She had been laying in here for nearly five hours. And her pussy was still slippery even though she had been in the water for several hours. She grabbed the towel and wrapped it around her before stepping out of the water. 

She snuggled up in her robe and slid her feet into her slippers, trudged down the stairs, and slunk into the kitchen to make herself some coffee. She was standing at the kitchen sink waiting for the water to heat up when he bounced in front of the window. 

"Hi!"

"Holy shit Hank! Whoa, hi..."

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you."

"No, I was just... waking up, makin some coffee. What... what can I do for you?"

"Well, I heard Charli barking in the middle of the night, and I was knocking on the door, but you didn't answer. All the doors were locked so I figured you were okay, but I figured I would come by and say hi."

"Oh, I was just really tired."

"Your bathroom light was on."

"Fell asleep in the tub. Oh, where are my manners, come inside and have some fresh coffee."

"Sure, why not."

Steffi went to the kitchen door and unlocked it for him, opening it and trying to smile and look happy. It seemed to be working until he saw the side of her neck.

"What the heck is that?" 

"What's what?"

"The bruise on the side of your neck woman! Looks more like a hickey than a bruise." Steffi touched the side of her neck, and winced when her fingers ran across the hickey.

"I don't know."

"How do you have something like that, on the side of your neck, and not know what it is? Steffi, what is going on? I heard the dog barking last night and what sounded like moaning and crying coming from your bathroom."

"Was that you under my window? I called out to see if anyone was there."

"No, when I was there the windows were closed. That is how loud you were."

Steffi didn't know what to say, she was embarrassed that Hank noticed the hickey before she did, and she was ashamed that this whole thing was happening to her. Somehow Charli was not catching on to this and stopping it, and she wasn't waking up when it happened. 

"If I was that loud how come you didn't come in?"

"Well, for one Charli was in the house and I didn't know how she would react to me coming in, and second I wasn't sure if you were just entertaining a guest or yourself."

"I guess that makes sense. Come sit down. Have some coffee, and I will try and explain this."

Hank nodded and sat down at the table and waited while Steffi poured the coffee and warmed up some cinnamon banana bread for the two of them. She sat down and began to explain.

She started off, "It all started the first night we were in the house, I fell asleep with Charli on the bed with me, and then I woke up to her on the floor and me soaking wet."

She went on to explain the other instances and what has happening in the bathroom when she would be in there showering or bathing.

"Do you remember the day we met? And how I knew you name when I opened the door before you even said it?"

"Yes..." She went on to explain that whole ordeal and how everything happened. 

"So last night, when I woke up and went to the window I was in a lot of pain and soaked. When there was no one there I turned around to go the bathroom but I collapsed on the floor. Charli helped me into the bathroom and I ended up falling asleep in the tub. I woke up to Charli licking me, she was liking the cum off of my cheek. But it wasn't my cum, or anyone else's for that matter."

"Steffi, this is crazy, I know that you aren't imagining it by the looks of your neck, but how do you explain this?"

"I don't know. I haven't had the courage to look down there yet."

"Down where?"

"You know, down there..." 

"Oh, why would you need to do that?"

"Because it hurts, and I don't know what damage was done down there."

The two of them sat there in silence for about a half an hour drinking their coffee and staring at each other. Steffi could not believe what she had just told someone she barely knew, and Hank was trying to wrap his brain around what he had just heard. He wasn't sure if he believed the ghost stories from before, but how else do you explain what has been happening to her? 

"Do you want me to take you to a doctor?"

"No! How would I explain that?"

"I don't know. I guess you couldn't without them thinking you were raped."

"Wasn't I?"

"Well, yes. But not by a human..."