 Steffi let the gradually warming water run over her fragile and cold hands. Staring off into the abyss, she pondered about what her life had been reduced to and what was going to happen next. She was snapped out of her trance by Charli's wet nose nudging her hand. She looked down at those big brown eyes staring up at her. Charli had a way of conveying her love for Steffi though a simple look, her cinnamon colored eyes made Steffi's heart melt and eased her worries. "Stand guard Charli, I'm going to take a hot shower. Keep me safe girl." Steffi stepped under the stream of hot water, letting it hit her back and trickle over the top of her shoulders. 

The hot water followed the curves of her milky body, caressing her breasts, following the lines of her smooth stomach, and eventually making its way to her pussy. When the water hit her tender and abused pussy she winced in pain. She was suddenly reminded of the odd and painful predicament she found herself in. She reached for the luffa and soap, it was just a bit out of reach, and taking even the smallest of steps was painful. She gently washed her body, taking great care not rub hard and rinse well. Just as she was stepping out of the shower Charli started to growl and the hairs on her scruff spiked up. 

"Steffi, it's me Hank. Tell your guard dog not to bite me."

"Charli, good girl, its okay. I just got done in the shower Hank."

Hank walked around the corner and was surprised by her incredible beauty. Steffi wasn't a tall woman, but her legs were long, her waist was small, her torso had some length to it, and her hands, feet and face were very petite. Hank was trying to remain professional and stand on the other side of the wall so as not to see her completely naked, his only concern was her pussy and getting it stitched up, and getting back to feeling better and safe. But his curiosity was too great, and he couldn't help but peer around the corner to sneak a peek. As luck would have it he looked at just the right time too. 

Steffi was bent over, with back facing him, and her soft pink pussy exposed, and peeking out between her supple, pale thighs. He could feel his balls tighten, his cock began to swell, and a lump began to form is his throat as his stomach turned with excitement. He shook his head vigorously in an attempt to discourage his increasingly dirty thoughts, trying his hardest to get his mind back to doctor mode. In a hospital setting this would not even be an issue for him, but this was not by any means a normal setting or situation.

Hank cleared his throat, "Steffi, are you ready for this to happen? And where would you like me to set up. I need a little work space, and if I could get you up a little higher than the chase lounge it would be easier for me to work." 

"Oh, um... we could use the kitchen table, or the desk in my study. I also have a massage table that we can use. It has adjustable legs, it is in the closet if you like."

"The massage table would be just fine. Can I set it up over by the window? There is a lamp there that would provide me with ample light."

"Sure, whatever you need is fine, there are some chuck pads in the middle drawer on the top."

"Chuck pads?" 

"Hey, I told you, there is another side to me, one that I can explain later."

"Alrighty then. When you are ready come out and lay on the table. I have laid down a blanket so the table is not so cold. The chuck pad is at the end so place your ass on top close to the edge."

"Be right out."

Steffi walked out of the bathroom wearing a black terrycloth robe. It hugged her neck and fell all the way to the floor. Her hair was wrapped up in a messy bun on the top of her head, her skin looked so pale and soft. 

"Um as sexy as that robe is on you it might be two heavy and get in the way of what I need to do."

"Oh. Well I guess it will have to come off then."

Steffi dropped the robe to floor and was now completely naked and covering her tiny nipples with one arm and wrapped her other arm around her mid-section. 

"Okay, why don't you get up on the table and we can begin."

Hank's back was towards Steffi so he had not seen her standing there yet. Steffi was all of the sudden quiet and shy, feeling very exposed.

"Um Hank?"

"Yes?"

"I don't think I will be able to get up on that table. It is too high and I don't think that I can spread my legs that wide."

"Oh. Well, let me help you."

Hank turned around and was now face to face with her. He could tell she was embarrassed and needing help. He choked down the lump in his throat and moved towards her. His massive hands reached for her and slid around the sides of her waist. His hands were warm but the room was cold and she shivered beneath him. 

"Walk over to the table and place your ass next to the pad. I'm going to lift you up and put you were you need to be, lay back and prop your feet with your knees as wide apart as you can."

"Okay."

Steffi did as she was asked and laid there waiting for Hank to do what he needed to. Hank walked over and picked up her robe and draped it over her so she wasn't cold anymore. Steffi could hear Hank opening his bag and getting things ready. 

"Okay Steffi. I am going to stitch up the cut. First I am going to spray something on you which will numb you up pretty well. I can put more on throughout this if you start to feel anything. Then I am going to clean it well, and finally place some dissolvable stitches in. In about ten days they should dissolve and you should be fine. Are you ready?"

"Yep."