 Hank spread Steffi's knees apart, exposing her damaged, pink pussy. Even though she had just showered she had a sweet smell about her and he couldn't help but wonder what she tasted like. He shook his head trying to clear his mind as he sprayed the lidocaine in order to numb her before he began stitching. She jumped as he sprayed it on her. He looked up at her face to see what was going on. 

"Are you okay?"

"Yes. It's just cold and it stings a little."

Hank waited a few seconds before running his finger over the outside of her pussy. "Do you feel this?"

"Nope."

"What about this?" He pressed his finger on the outside and let it slip inside of her, running his finger over the cut.

"Ouch!" 

"Okay. That is the inside of the cut. I'll numb that up and wait a few minutes and then begin the stitching."

"Thank you for this Hank. This a bit awkward but not nearly as bad as explaining this at the hospital."

"You are welcome."

Hank began stitching the inside cut, making sure to keep checking in with Steffi so that she felt as little as possible. She was doing well and sitting still for him, it helped that Charlie was sitting next to her, letting Steffi run her fingers over her soft fur. Hank was done with the inside so he sprayed a little more lidocaine on the outside to make sure that she was completely numb before finishing his work on her pussy before move on to her ass. That one was going to be a little trickier and probably a little more painful. He wasn't sure how well the lidocaine was going to work for that. 

"Okay, I'm all done with your pussy. Do you want to take a break before we move on to your ass?"

"Um, no. I think it would be best just to keep going."

"Okay. I am going to take out the spreader and go ahead and start working on your ass. This is going to be a little more painful. Your pussy is used to having objects in there and being worked. I am going to spray the outside pretty well and let it numb up a good bit before I start."

"Okay." 

"Do you have something that I can use to prop you up a little higher so that I can work easier and quicker?"

"Um, there is a wedge pillow in my closet."

"Perfect. I will be right back." Hank spread her cheeks apart and sprayed the lidocaine on before going to get the pillow. 

When he came back with the pillow he helped Steffi raise her ass up and slid the pillow underneath her. He spread her ass cheeks again and touched the outside of her ass and she didn't even seem to notice. 

Her ass was warm and soft underneath her finger and he could feel her natural little wrinkles move beneath his thick finger. His dick began to swell and his mouth started to water. He had never had this problem before while working on anyone and was glad that she could not see his facial expression nor the growing problem in his pants.

"Steffi I am going to try and put some of this spray on my finger and work it up into your ass before I spread you open okay. This might hurt so try and lay still. I will be as quick as possible."

"Okay. Charli, come here girl." 

Charlie came to Steffi's side and pressed her wet nose to Steffi's trembling hand. Hank slid his finger in slowly, working the lidocaine inside of her. He was able to create a bit of a gap between his finger and her opening and sprayed some directly on her, letting it trickle in and then worked his finger some more trying to spread it around as much as he could. Her muscles started to relax and he could move his finger around with more ease. 

"Okay Steffi. Can you feel me in there at all?"

"A little, but just barely."

"Good. You are going to feel the spreaders go into you and then open slightly. I am going to turn them so that they are not blocking the cut and then I am going to numb the cut directly." Hank was doing all of this as he was explaining so that he could minimize the amount of time Steffi had to endure this. She had been through so much already, and it was getting late in the evening. They were all tired and needed to rest. Hank worked as quickly and gently as he could and Steffi took all of this like a champ. She laid there patiently and quietly so as not to distract Hank while he worked.

"All done. Do you want some help down?"

"Yes, please." She extended her hand and Hank slid his neck under it and then wrapped his massive arms under her shoulders and knees.

"Do you want me to set you on the bed?"

"Sure."

Hank laid her gently on the bed and pulled the covers up over her so that could stay warm. The night had gotten colder and she was still naked. Charlie snuggled next to her, resting her head next to Steffi's on the pillow. As Hank went to walk away Charli licked his hand and lightly wagged her tail.

"Apparently she has decided that I am okay. Good girl Charli." Hank patted her on the head and walked over to the massage table to start cleaning up and putting everything way. "I will just get this cleaned up and then be on my way. You get some rest and I will check on you first thing when I wake up."

"Thank you Hank."

"You're welcome."

Hank busily worked away at the mess and getting everything put away while Steffi and Charli laid in bed and drifted off to sleep. When Hank was finished and he had packed his medical bag he walked over to Steffi and placed his warm hand on her clammy forehead. He brushed her hair to one side and bent down to kiss her. As his soft, warm lips touched her forehead she moaned. 

"Are you okay?"

"It hurts a little."

Hank took out some pain pills and went into the bathroom to get her a glass of water. "Here, open your mouth and take this, it is Vicodin. Here is some water. This should put you right to sleep and help you from feeling anything for a few hours."

Steffi sleepily complied and lifted her head to swallow the water and pills. Her head sunk back into the pillow and she made a little cooing sound as she started to drift off to sleep. Hank held her hand for a few moments and then went to walk away when she squeezed his hand and began to mumble.

"What was that Steffi? I didn't understand."

She quietly repeated herself, "Stay. Please."

Hank look around the room and grabbed a chair, sliding it over to the side of her bed and sat next to her. 

"Okay. I can stay. Charli and I will keep watch." The dog's ears perked up at the sound of her name and she wagged her tail. Steffi still had her eyes closed, but she could feel her tiny hand wrapped up in Hank's giant hands, and Charli snuggled in behind her, she smiled and began to relax. It wasn't long before everyone was asleep and Hank slumped over in the chair. 

Hank was surprised when another man entered the room and sauntered over to the bed, stripping his clothes as boldly as he did. Hank wasn't sure how he got into the room, and he didn't see or hear Charli at all. She must have slipped out at some point in the night. The man crawled into bed with Steffi and began rubbing her tits and rolling her nipples in between his fingers. Hank was in shock and wasn't sure what to do. He glanced over at Steffi's face and she had a little, crooked smile, she squeezed his hand and practically pulled him to her. Hank went with the motion and was now in bed with Steffi and this other man. He leaned in and kissed her pouty pink lips, she moaned into him and opened her mouth. 

Hank's tongue slipped into her mouth and found hers. She was warm and wet and tasted like candy to him, she smelled of a sweet summer day. Their lips meshed together and he closed his eyes and enjoyed what he had been longing for since he met her. The other man was now sucking her tits and nipples, making her squirm beneath the two men. 

The man left her tits and started working his way down her belly, kissing and licking her as he went along. Still kissing Steffi, Hank glanced over at her tits, noticing that her nipples were hard and perky, but he noticed also that this guy had left small hickeys on her tits. His passion was growing and his urge to do more was driving him insane, so he left her lips and moved on to her neck. Kissing his way around and down to her already excited nipples. He sucked one of them into his mouth and grasped the other with his hand. The other man had made his way under the covers by now and spread Steffi's legs open to expose her tender and worn pussy. 

Hank could see his ass sticking out from under the covers, and his head bobbing up and down between her legs under the covers. Steffi was moaning and gasping as the two of them ravished her in different places. Hank was concerned about what was happening and the further damage it would cause to her already damaged parts. He knew it was wrong, but it was also so erotic and naughty that he didn't want to stop it. 

The man poked his head out from under the covers and smiled. "Switch with me. Taste her." Hank reluctantly left her tits and switched places with the man. 

He had wanted to taste her pussy for some time now, this was his chance. The man went over to Steffi's head and took hold of her jaw with one hand while grasping his cock with the other. He held her head in place and then pressed his thick her to her wet lips, which parted for him, allowing him to thrust into her mouth and fuck her face. Hank watched intently for a moment before the man reached over and pressed his face into her pussy. "I said taste it!"

Hank took in a deep breath and ran his tongue along her lips, tasting the juices that had leaked out and collected onto her swollen lips. Her skin was like silk, and tasted of creamy nectar. He let his tongue wonder on her, eventually finding his way to her swollen little clit. 

It was protruding from its hood, begging him to suck it into his mouth. He brought his hand to her pussy and gently slipped a finger in, careful to not disturb the stitches. He found her g-spot and began to rub as her worked he clit between his teeth and flicked it with his tongue. He could hear her muffled moans grow louder and louder as we worked her more and more. He could feel her muscles constrict around his finger, he worked his finger a little harder over her g-spot and she began to quiver. He sucked her clit in all the way and started to work her into a frenzy. The wetness in her pussy was growing by the second and before long a wave of hot, creamy cum washed over his finger, spilling out over his hand, going everywhere it could. She screamed onto this guy's cock, forcing him to blow his load prematurely. He grunted and thrust once more before pulling out.

"Your turn." He tapped Hank on the shoulder to get his attention. He pointed to Steffi's face and smiled. Hank knew what he meant, and he knew what he wanted to do to her. He pulled his finger out of her slippery pussy and walked over to her head. It was tilted to the side and the man's cum was dripping from her mouth. Without even thinking or having any hesitation Hank bent down and kissed her, kissing the cum away, clearing her mouth for his throbbing cock. Hank wasn't gay, and he had never had another man's cum in his mouth, let alone been with a woman while there was another man in the room. He stripped out of his clothes, releasing his throbbing cock from its confines, and walked over to Steffi. His cock guided itself directly to Steffi's half open mouth. Her breath was warm, she was panting from the orgasm Hank's hand had given her, and it seemed to be like some type of stimulant for Hank's cock. 

It swelled even more and he couldn't resist the temptation any longer. Her mouth felt like a silk cocoon, and he was in heaven. If her pussy felt anything like her mouth did around his cock, he might surely die, he was in sheer bliss as he pumped in and out of her mouth and her tongue rolled over him. She moaned as the man slipped his cock into her pussy and slowly fucked her. Hank shoved his cock deeper down her throat and hit the jack pot.