 His swollen cock slid down the back of her throat and her lips formed a seal at the base, creating a suction that felt divine on his cock. Hank wrapped Steffi's long, silky brown hair up in his massive hands and held her head still as he fucked her mouth with a little more vigor. He closed his eyes and let himself revel in all the sensations that her mouth was creating for him. Hank's head rolled to one side and when he opened his eyes he could see the other man on top of Steffi. He was fucking her gently but still with a purpose; he had a determined look on his face that was filled with lust and satisfaction. The man pumped away at her pussy while looking at Hank. He smiled and licked his lips, and then went back to his task. Hank felt his pleasure rising and could feel his balls constrict and his cock swelled in her mouth leaving little room for him to move. 

"Cum in her mouth and let her hot wetness get you hard again. You are going to want to fuck this. Trust me." 

The man rammed his cock deep into Steffi, making her moan onto Hank's cock, sending him into a rhythmic orgasm. The man finished his business with Steffi, nodded his head as if to say thank you to her and then quietly let himself out of the house. Hank let his cock slide out of her, brushing the side of her cheek as he rested back onto his heels. He watched his cum dribble from her mouth slowly making a pool beside her head on the dark blue sheets. He took the corner of the blanket and began to clean her face. A soon as he touched her face cum began to pour from her mouth. When she was completely emptied he wiped up what was left on her lips and the side of her cheek. She moaned a little and wrapped her arms around her pillow, snuggling her face into the soft material. 

Hank wanted to make love to her in the worst way but she seemed content and satisfied for the time being, he saw no reason to disturb or wake her. Instead, he curled up next to her one the empty side of the bed, wrapping is arms around her and holding on to her. He laid there in the dark quite puzzled about what had just happened, she has remained asleep the whole time, and he felt remorse for going along with this stranger's devious act. Had he just rapped his friend? Someone who he was growing to love? Not to mention she has been through quite an ordeal the last few days, he might have made things worse. 

The early morning sun shined through the window and kissed their sleeping faces. Charli was already up and bouncing around the house and it wasn't long before Steffi woke from her deep sleep. She moved her knees and felt the familiar pain between her legs, making her groan and waking Hank from his slumber. 

"What is it Steffi, are you okay?"

"Yes, I, I think so."

"What can I do, can I get you anything?"

"Well, I really need to use the bathroom, can you help me there?"

"Yes. Yes or course I can."

Hank leaped out of bed and ran to the other side to help Steffi down. She was wobbly on her feet and leaned against Hank for support to the bathroom. Hank rubbed the sleep from his eyes with his free hand, and as his mind became more awake he began to remember bits and pieces of last night. He thought to himself that it was surely a dream and it was all his imagination. He would never do something like that, not in a million years. He shook his head, trying to erase all traces of the thoughts from his memory. 

"There you go. Sit right here, I am going to make some coffee and I will be right back. Do not get up until I come back to help you!"

"Yes doc." Steffi gave a cheeky little laugh and made a funny little face at him. Though she was in pain she had more of a sense of humor than she did yesterday. 

Hank went back into the room and checked the sheets to see if there was any sign of what might have happened last night. The sheets were dark enough that if there was any dried cum it would show, especially with as much as he pumped into her. He yanked the sheets out of the way only to reveal nothing! How is this possible? Unless, it didn't really happen and this was a horrible manifestation of his recent thoughts. Hank checked all the way down the sheets where she would have been, but there was nothing. He threw the sheets back on the bed and sauntered down the stairs to go make the coffee. He fumbled around the kitchen and got the coffee started and then went to the fridge to see what options there were for breakfast. He found some cinnamon raisin bread Steffi had made threw it in the microwave and headed back up to Steffi. As Hank rounded the corner, he could hear Steffi weeping from the bathroom. He was scared to walk in there and find out what was wrong, he was afraid that he might have actually hurt her. 

"Steffi, what is wrong?" Hank's voice crackled with nervousness. "Does it feel like something has happened to you again?"

"No, no. It's not like that at all. I am just sore from everything before. The stitches hurt and I think I am just tired in general."

Hank swallowed the lump in his throat and helped Steffi from the toilet to the bench in the bathroom. 

"Let's get you dressed and downstairs for some breakfast. We can talk down there."

Steffi nodded and assisted Hank in getting her dressed, then the two of them made their way to the kitchen. Steffi was sore and confused. Never in a million years was she expecting to hear what she heard next. She sat down at the table while Hank finished breakfast and set it in front of her. 

"Steffi, I need to confess something to you. Please try to understand, okay?"