 "Hank, you're scaring me. What is it?"

"Steffi, I am so sorry, these last couple of days have been so strange. We barely know each other, and I have seen you naked. Heard what has been happening to you, saw you pleasuring yourself. I've listened to you describe in detail what you have been through, and my mind has gone to places it shouldn't have. At first it was minor things like wondering what you taste like, wondering how it would feel to fuck you or have your mouth wrapped around my cock. But last night, as I was laying there sleeping it went to a whole new level."

Steffi was too dumbfounded to speak. She sat there and listened to Hank describe in detail what the two of them did to her. She cringed at the thought of some stranger fucking her and encouraging her newfound friend, who is still somewhat of a stranger to her, to fuck her mouth and cum down her throat. She wasn't sure how to take this, what to say, and now she wasn't sure of Hank was safe. 

"I was so relieved to hear you say that nothing had happened to you last night, and when I checked the sheets they were clean. So I know that nothing happened."

"Do you want something to happen?"

"What do you mean?"

"Do you want to fuck me? Do you want me to suck your cock while he fucks me?"

"No. No, no, no." Hanks voice was adamant and insistent. "I want to be your friend and protect you, keep you safe from this freakish nightmare and be here for you. If you will still let me." 

Hank sat there in silence as Steffi stared into her cup of coffee. His mind was racing, his heart pounding in anticipation of what she was going to say. He so very much wanted her to tell him she was good with him being here and protecting her. He wanted nothing more than to be her knight in shining armor. Has he sat there waiting for him, her questions crept back into his mind. Did he really want it to happen like did in his dream? Did he really want to fuck her as she said? 

"Listen, you don't need to give me an answer right now. I know this a lot to take in and I get it. I have to work today. I am working a 12 hours shift at the ER. But I don't want you to be here alone."

"What do you purpose I do, go to work with you? Maybe you can check me into the crazy ward. I am sure I would fit right in." Steffi was angry. She didn't care that she was being snarky and sarcastic. Maybe even a little spiteful. She was glad that nothing happened and it was a dream, but she a was pissed that the thought even entered his mind. He barely 

knew her, and she was already being tortured.

"No. Of course not. But you and Charli can stay at my place while I am gone. There is plenty to eat, and there is a master bedroom downstairs. So you wouldn't have to walk up flights of stairs to sleep or use the restroom."

Steffi gave it some thought. She desperately needed sleep, and she was afraid to sleep here by herself. She was still angry at Hank but saw how crushed he was about all of this. She nodded her head and took his hand in hers. 

"You have to promise me that you are going to come back and keep me safe. I am terrified to be in this house alone. We need to find a way to get him out of here. He has to go!"

"I will. Moreover, I agree. I am going to do some research at work if I have any down time. See if I can't find a way to make him leave. I am also going to do a little digging on the original owner's background."

"Okay. What time do you have to leave?"

"Three hours."

"K. That gives me time to get ready and get over there."

***

Steffi settled in to the deep cushiony chair as Hank wrapped a blanket around her. Charli snuggled into the pillows on the couch and looked around the room before flopping over and snoring. Hank chuckled at the sight of the dog and look back at Steffi.

"Are you going to be okay here? I will call and check in with you every few hours."

"I'll be fine. I really just want to sleep."

"I'll make it every four hours so you can get some consistent sleep."

Hank kissed Steffi on the forehead and patted Charli on the head. He bumped around the house as quietly as he could, getting ready for his shift. He glanced at the two of them before heading out the door. They were both sound asleep and he felt confident they would be safe. 

Steffi laid there snuggled under the blanket sleeping peacefully. She was dreaming that she was fixing her home to match exactly what she pictured it would be. Charli was running around the yard, barking and chasing rabbits, Steffi was painting one of the rooms, and Hank was cutting lumber for her new wraparound deck that he was going to put in. All seemed well in her dream. 

Night fell and she was sitting in her chair reading, Charli was at her feet snoring, and Hank walked in the door. He was sore and exhausted from a long day. He kissed Steffi on the cheek and took her hand. Lifting her out of the chair, he led her into the bedroom. She gracefully followed with a grin on her face. Hank closed the door behind then and dimmed the lights. 

"We are going to give you a night to remember."

Hank stripped out of his scrubs and tossed them aside. Steffi admired the fact that he wasn't wearing any underwear and was very pleased to see what he had to offer. His cock was engorged and look amazing. His thick purple head pointed directly at her and Steffi could see every vein from a decent distance away. His dark brown hair was neatly trimmed, and framed his cock perfectly, accentuating his massive balls that hung low. 

His balls were clean shaven and were a dark brownish red. Steffi licked her lips and gently bit the corner of her bottom lip. She looked to her left and the other man was stripping out of his clothes, all the while looking at her longingly. Steffi could not seem his as well as she could Hank. The light dulled his image, but she could see enough of him to know that this night was going to epic.