 Steffi stood there for a moment looking back and forth between the two men. She was amazed at how the two of them looked. Their bodies looked like statues carved in the image of Greek gods. Hank's stomach as solid, muscular, smooth, and well defined. The other man's stomach was the same, but he had a small trail of dark curly hair leading down to his pelvis.

It branched out to meet the rest of his pubic hair which was longer than Hank's, but still very well groomed and oil. It glistened in the dim light, covering part of his shaft; Steffi could not really get a feel for how big this man really was. His cock seemed to be long and skinny, with an enormous head on it. However, she couldn't tell because he wasn't circumcised. His balls were not as big as Hank's either, but she could see that they we solid. They tucked under his cock and were clean-shaven. He reached down and took hold of his cock, pulling the foreskin back to reveal a head that was coursing with blood, ready to go to work. He stroked his cock while staring at her intently, undressing her with his eyes, peeling away the layers of her clothing. 

Hank moved toward Steffi and took her hand, leading her to the bathroom. Once in the bathroom the man turned on the shower and stepped in. It was a large, open stone shower with a rain showerhead on the ceiling. Smaller jets were recessed into the wall, and they put forth steady, soft streams of water. As the room started to fill with steam, the men undressed her together. Exposing her pale skin, her nakedness, making her feel a little shy. Steffi's milky skin was damp from the steam, but warm and smooth to the touch. They man took the contraption what was holding her hair up out, allowing it to fall long and soft to the middle of her back. Her buttocks was round and plump with no imperfections. The hair around her honey pot was beginning to drip from the condensation in the room. Hank led Steffi into the shower and placed her in the middle of the two of them. 

Each man took a luffa from the wall, lathered it with a sensual soap that felt like soft silk gliding across her skin. She stood there and allowed the two men to pamper her, lather her, and then rub their hands all over her to rinse the soap away. They paid special attention to her ass and pussy. Washing her thoroughly, rinsing her well, massaging all parts of her. 

Hank wet her hair, lathering it with a sweet smelling shampoo that relaxed Steffi completely. He massaged her scalp before rinsing her completely. Once she was washed, they turned the water off and dried her shivering body. 

The man left the shower shortly and returned with a bottle. He poured and oily liquid in his hand and began to rub it all over her. Hank towel dried her hair and combed through it. The man kneeled on the floor and propped Steffi's left leg up onto his knee, exposing her moist sex. He reached for a different bottle of oil that smelt the same as the first, poured a little into his hand and began to oil her pubic hair. She kept it trimmed and well groomed, leaving just enough to highlight he astonishing pussy. The took a soft brush to her hair and fluffed her well. Hank led Steffi out of the shower after the man was done, sat her on a cushioned stool, and began drying her hair with the hair dryer. 

By the time he was done with her, she looked nearly perfect. The only thing left was her shoes. The man brought her a pair of classy, velvet black stiletto heels and slipped them over her red painted toes and onto the back of her heel. She sat there, glancing up at her gentleman caretakers wondering what all of this was for. She had never been washed, oiled, and treated with such precision before. It was nice, but she wasn't used to it. They stood her up and let her to the bedroom. The man broke off from the trio to turn on some music. Soft, sensual rhythms filled the room and entranced Steffi. 

"Dance for us." The man said in a low, deep voice. Steffi had not heard him say a word until now. His voice was so deep it startled her. 

The two men sat themselves in high-backed armchairs fit for royalty. She was a little confused, and stood there for a moment. She stared at her waiting audience, not sure what to do. 

"Dance for us. Now." The voice boomed out of the darkness at her. It startled her and she began to move slowly to the rhythm of the music. 

Steffi tried to peer into the darkness, searching for her audience, but she could only see the lower half of their bodies. The men sat in the chairs with their legs spread open and their cocks hanging low. Both man was fully hard, and still they were huge. Steffi began to realize that she was going to be in for some painful pleasure in the beginning. The heels were awkward to move in at first, but soon she found her balance and a better rhythm and began to move more seductively. She made use of the giant bed posts, using them as a pole to support her as she exposed her parts to the men. She would rotate her hips, massage her breasts, at one point she did a seductive sort of dance while lying on the floor. 

Rolling this way and that, different positions on her belly, some on her side or her back. She would raise her buttocks in the air while on her knees, reach around and spread her cheeks, exposing her little rosebud. Her body was well shaped, and her sex peered from under her as she assumed this position. The men could see her sex dripping with glistening juices. Her entire body glistened in the light from the oil she had been rubbed down with. Nothing was left to the imagination as she seductively moved this way and that. She tossed her long hair around as she moved, lifting it now and then to expose her slender neck.

The men watched her intently, losing herself in the moment, and putting on a great performance. Her calves were well defined and the heels made them look strong but delicate. Her arms moved like a swan's graceful wings in flight, her torso moved like the curves of a slithering snake; seductive, enticing, beautiful. Then men reached down and stroked their now fully erect cocks. Watching her intently, formulating their thoughts on what was going to be done to her. 

"No lie on your back and spread your legs. Pleasure yourself. Make yourself cum and scream for us." She hesitated not. She gracefully dropped to her back and spread her legs wide. 

Parting her lips with her right hand, she allowed her wet pussy to be explored by the slender, delicate figures of her left hand. Moaning and writhing on the floor she masturbated to the rhythm of the music. Gyrating her hips, thrusting upwards, and arching her back when she hit a sweet spot. She could feel the pressure building, the heat in her body rising, and her heart pounding with every stroke of her figure. She was close. And they were watching.