 This almost fits into non consent, but after a reread I realized that erotic horror was perhaps closer? You decide..MGM

*

My name is Dana, I am just under 5'8" and 140 pounds. I wear my hair long and straight, parted in the middle.

My husband Jerry works for a company as a problem solver. The company sells large machinery of some kind, I never really paid much attention to that. He gets sent all over the world, sometimes he is gone for two or even three weeks, sometimes he is home every day.

The long periods when I am home alone are the worst, but we manage. Jerry is a good man, and a good provider, we live a comfortable middle class lifestyle, as close to normal as it is possible to be.

I don't really do any of the things I read about here, in fact I only recently even started to read some of the stories. I don't know for sure why, but I like some of them, they fill a hole in my life when nothing is happening at all.

I do wish that Jerry was home every day all the time.

The first incident that started my deciding to write a story of my own was an innocent accident.

Our house has four big picture windows that face out to the East. When Jerry bought the lot, he was careful to make sure we had good light from that side, he knows how much I love indoor plants.

He built the house with that in mind. Our home looks nothing like the rest of the homes nearby, and when we first moved into the place I was delighted. It was private, with just the paved road going by outside, our short driveway was in front. All there was was a drainage ditch out there, and our mailbox.

I loved to sit in the living room, my plants growing up and filling the sides of the windows. It is a lot like I did for so many months when Mom and Dad sent me to a place out in the valley when I was just 17. There were nurses there, they took care of everything. One day after a couple of years they told me I was fine and sent me home. I met Jerry soon afterwards and we got married. I liked it there and I liked it here, it was so nice to sit and look out the windows.

I kept all of my plants carefully trimmed, or they would cover it the windows completely. The view out the big windows was so nice, I spent many long hours just watching the birds, sometimes even a Deer would slowly graze by out in the field on the other side of the road. The one flaw Jerry made was tilting the four big windows outwards. It certainly did look different from outside, but the angle made reflections, it was almost impossible to see outside at night, they became like mirrors.

Then progress came along. First it was the sidewalks, they covered up the ditch with an underground culvert and put the sidewalks on top of them. Of course, the government called that an improvement so we had to pay for our share of it, it was a huge amount, too.

But Jerry made good money and we managed. Next we went through a period where almost every day someone would offer us cash to buy us out, but we refused all of them. Some of the offers would have been a large profit, but we hung onto our little 1/4 acre of the world.

There was already an older large farmhouse to the South of us, but it was behind some trees. That property sold, the trees were gone, replaced by a row of houses, all looking just alike.

Next was the property to the North, once just a field that a farmer cut hay crops off of, and grazed a few Cows that I didn't mind at all. That sadly became even more houses, again all just alike.

I didn't like that, that put the first house just 30 feet from ours. It wasn't long before the property across the road was the same, our nice quiet country home became a subdivision.

But I did meet some of the neighbor ladies, made friends. In that respect, I wasn't alone any more. But all I ever talked about was my plants, I noticed they didn't come around very much.

Jerry mentioned once that we should have bought up everything in all directions way back, I agreed with him but of course our finances early on would have made that impossible.

Instead, he planted some tall bushes out front between us and the sidewalk, that cut off the view but it was just of houses now anyway.

One morning I came out into my living room, I had just showered and all I had on was a pair of panties and a short robe. I had planned to sit by my window and drink my morning coffee like I did so often. I had just sat down, reached for my snippers to trim a few stray plants when I saw a motion out by the bushes.

I looked closely, I could see a face peering in at me. I was pretty sure it was the young man that lived a few houses down with his parents. He was about 19 or 20 years old, and I had seen him several times tearing by on a skateboard, too.

I got up and quickly went into my bedroom, aware that he could see the back of my panties since the robe was rather short.

For some reason that gave me a funny feeling, I shook it off, thinking Jerry had been out of town for over a week. I pulled on some jeans and a blouse and went back out. The young man was gone so I forgot about it.

The next morning it was the same, I came out and there he was. Again I went back in and changed. He sure did seem interested in me. I forgot about that, too, then that evening I was sitting in my chair watching TV. I had on a longer fuzzy robe that time, I spotted a flash out the dark front window, it looked like someone lit a cigarette. I had seen the young man with a cigarette before, I realized it was probably him out there watching me.

For some reason I just cannot explain, the idea of being watched excited me. I tipped the recliner back, put my feet up, letting the bottom of the robe slide down my legs. I was sideways to the windows so all he could see was my legs, I was thinking he was probably still out there.

Then I saw a slight glow as he took a puff, I knew for sure he was out there now. I reached down and stroked my legs, then feeling guilty I got up and went into my bedroom. I decided to take a shower.

When Jerry had built our house there was nothing outside the bathroom but fields with Cows, so he had installed a large double paned window. It reached from almost to the ceiling, to halfway up my thighs. It opened so we could vent the room if we had to, because in the Summer that side of the house got full Sunlight and it could get pretty hot, even with the fan on. He had hung a filmy drape over it, one of those plastic waterproof ones. When the house next door went in, that was their garage side, so we had never changed anything back there. There was room to walk between the garage and our fence, but our fence was now made of slats and six feet high. Jerry had built that so we didn't have to look at the garage.

I was used to it and never paid any attention. I stripped off my robe, slid my undergarments off and ran the shower until it was steamy hot just like I liked it. The room soon filled with steam, I turned on the rather ineffectual fan.

I took my shower, dried off. The fan was beginning to gain on the steam, I happened to glance over at the window and saw the faint glow of a cigarette again. I realized I could see it through the small gaps in the slat fence.

I was naked, completely naked. I hurried out into my bedroom and turned off the light as I left. Peeking out the bedroom window with it dark inside, I saw the man's shadow move down the fence. He came out on the end where there is a street light, hopped on his skateboard and rolled off down the street.

He had seen me naked! That gave me a tingly feeling I have never really known. 

I did something I almost never do.

I touched myself, when my body released I was thinking of Jerry and the way he touches me when we make love.

A couple of nights later, I first sat out in the living room in just a nightgown. I never saw anyone but the idea that someone might be out there got me excited. Later I went into the bathroom, stripped naked and showered, this time taking my time before stepping out into the bedroom.

I never saw signs of anyone, but the idea got me going and once again I masturbated lying in my bed, my thoughts were of eyes watching me.

It became a ritual, then finally Jerry was home for several days. I attacked him shamelessly, he didn't seen to mind at all. Later I showered first and then he did, I never mentioned the curtains or having seen the young man outside.

I wondered if the man was looking in at Jerry, too. 

I felt so good curled up in Jerry's arms, I really did want him nearby all the time.

It was a week later, he had to fly to South America. I knew it would be a long one. The first evening Jerry was gone, I came out into the living room and saw the glow. I knew the young man was there but I just ignored it and sat and watched TV. I didn't shower that evening, either.

I was thinking maybe he would stop, go away. But each night out of the corner of my eye I either saw motion, or another flash of what seemed to be an ever present smoke.

I was missing Jerry and feeling horny, so I did something completely out of character for me. I came out into my living room wearing nothing but a pair of panties. I saw two quick flashes of light, then a trickle of sparks as he put out his smoke. He was out there, for sure.

I sat in my recliner and tipped it back. Out of the corner of my eye I saw him move closer, it was just a shadow but I knew he had stepped clear up to my front window, standing off to the side. I sat back up and stretched, a small shudder going though me as I knew he had a clear view of my bare breasts. They don't sag at all, I am barely a "B" cup. I reached down and picked up my snippers that always lay right there on the coffee table, turned towards the plants I kept framing my windows. I got just a glimpse of him moving aside, his body hidden by the plants inside. I calmly snipped a few, setting the bits in a paper sack I kept there just for that. He moved over to get an even better look, my eyes met his. He realized that I had seen him and turned and ran.

I almost laughed at that. Later, I went into my bathroom and took a shower, once again coming out naked and taking my time. I wasn't sure if anyone was out there but I knew he could be.

I went to bed, tossing and turning until I finally relieved myself. I was lying there half asleep when I heard a noise. It sounded like it came from the bathroom, like the window was being slid aside?

I sat bolt upright, then the bathroom door opened. I saw the shape of man standing there. I pulled the covers up, not believing that he really was inside, right there!

I had forgotten that the bathroom windows slid open sideways, I had forgotten to put the wooden blocks in and lock it the last time I aired out the room.

"What are you doing in here?" I managed to find my voice.

"You know why." He came towards me quickly, I tried to roll off the bed but he was too fast and grabbed my leg. I swing wildly at him but that had no effect, then I was pinned down on my bed.

I felt him reach down to unfasten his lower clothing, I renewed my efforts to get free but he gripped me solidly.

"Hold still damn you. I won't hurt you." I felt his bare skin against my leg, then he lifted up and grabbed my wrists, pinning them over my head.

His legs jammed between mine, I tried to hold them shut with all my might but he was too strong. I felt them give, I felt his bare lower body rubbing against me. I could feel his erection stabbing at me, first it slid under my behind, then up and over me. He was trying to get it inside me but both of his hands were busy holding my wrists.

He slid up over me, then back down, I felt him penetrate a bit when he pushed forward. I tried to squirm, but he just kept pushing, then I felt the feeling of fullness as he jammed inside.

It was way bigger than Jerry's, I felt an intense stab of pain. I lost my strength, gave up. He pounded away at me after that, there was no way to stop him.

Then I began to feel familiar sensations, I fought that with every ounce of my being.

It overwhelmed me anyway, I let out a long cry as I came. "NOoooooo!" Then I felt his spasms, knew he was orgasming. I just let myself go fully limp. I felt him soften, then he pulled out of me.

As suddenly as it started, he was gone.

I sat there with my head in my hands. What had I done? I had teased him, deliberately. Now this.

It was my fault. I went into the bathroom, the window was standing open. I closed it, reached down and put the wooden block in place so it could not slide. I locked the slide up on the side, checked it at least a dozen times.

Then I showered, so long the water ran cold. I stayed in there until I was so cold I could no longer take it, then I came out. I had turned off the lights. I dried off, went back to bed.

I didn't sleep, every sound, every car out on the road made panic strike through me.

I had not only gotten myself raped through my own stupidity, I had orgasmed and couldn't help it. I hadn't even seen his face, I wasn't even sure if it was the young man from down the street, or someone else? I realized it could have been anyone.

I must have slept some, I woke up to dim sunlight around my bedroom curtains. I looked over and realized the bedroom door was open, I jumped up and locked it.

Later that day the phone rang, it was Jerry. He prattled on and on about everything he had seen and how the job was going, once he asked me how everything was at home.

"Fine." I managed to mutter, not sure what to say. Finally he said goodbye, told me that he would be home in about two weeks.

Two weeks?

It was two days before I left the bedroom. I unlocked the door, a coat hanger in my hand. It was all I could find to use as a weapon. I slowly went out into the rest of the house. I searched every closet, looked under the couch.

Finally satisfied that I was alone, I got some milk and drank that. Then I went back into my bedroom, locking the door behind me, but not until I had checked the bathroom and the window locks. I had picked up one of the fireplace pokers, setting down the coat hanger.

I put in on the bed beside me, tried to sleep.

I lost track of the days. I heard sounds outside from time to time, each one made me terrified.

I thought of calling the police, what would I say? There was a man outside, so I exposed myself naked until he came in and raped me?

I thought of trying to lie, but even if they found him, what would he say? I didn't even know who he was.

All I knew for sure was that he had a very large penis. I laughed crazily at that. Big penis, do a lineup, I will be able to tell. I laughed and cried at the same time. I finally slept, waking up to a dream of someone monstrous pounding away at me, my body thrashing back at them in response.

No idea at all of the time, I quietly slipped into the living room, leaving the lights off. It was dark outside. I peered out the windows, there seemed to be nothing.

Then I saw the faint glow.

All I could think of was Jerry. Where was Jerry? I went into my bedroom, locked the door. I held the fireplace poker by my side. I sat there with the covers pulled up to my chin, in total panic. It was pitch black.

Then I started giggling, uncontrollably. I was sitting in the dark, fully dressed, in bed with a fireplace poker.

I got up, my mind in a whirl. I walked into the bathroom, turned on the light. I just stood there for a long time. Then I stripped off all of my clothes, dropped them on the floor. I reached over and tripped the locks, then pulled out the boards at the bottom. I slid the window open about six inches.

I didn't know if he was there or not, I just stood there for several minutes.

Then I walked back into the bedroom, lay back naked on top of the bed. I had the fireplace poker clutched firmly in my hand. It was a solid half hour before I heard the sound of the window sliding open. Then the bathroom door opened slowly, I saw the shadow.

He crossed the room quickly, reached down and took the fireplace poker from my hand. He dropped it on the floor, I just lay there. I saw him reach down and undo his lower clothing again.

There was no resistance in me as he pressed my legs open, his hand came down and fondled me. Then he quickly slid up and pressed into me again. He was so huge, but I was relaxed this time, he slid inside me with little effort. I felt his mouth on my breast, sucking at me. Once again I felt the glimmerings of pleasure, my hips responding to his thrusts with a mind of their own.

Then once again, I felt him pull out of me.

"I knew you would like that.", Was all he said. Then he was gone.

The next morning I woke up, still messy from the remains of the night befre. I didn't care. I reached for the fireplace poker, held it in my hand.

Hours later, the phone rang. It was Jerry. Again he went on and on about his job, finally telling me he would be home in another week. I was quiet, he did ask me if anything was wrong.

"I'm fine." I told him.

I hung up the phone, looked at it. It was like a dream, like something that I read in a book, something that was a distant memory.

There was only me, and what was outside.

I clutched the fireplace poker tightly to my side and cried. Next time, I would get him. Whoever it was, I would get him. If not the next time, then the time after that.

I would get him. I would get him. I would get him.

I threw back my head and laughed hysterically, on and on and on.....until I cried.

Then I got up and went into the living room.

I needed to water and trim my plants.

___________________________

Jerry and Dana pulled up to the entrance to the facility.

"I always hate these visits." Dana told him.

"I know, but we have to." Jerry answered. "There is always hope."

Inside, he asked the nurse on duty how she was.

"No real change, she still strips naked the moment we leave her alone for any length of time. Then she just stands in front of the mirror most of the day, waving her hands at the edges of it."

The nurse unlocked the door for them, they went inside. Like always, she came at them screaming like she was swinging an imaginary sword or something. Jerry reached out, pretended to take whatever she thought she had in her hands away.

She just stopped, then turned and went to her cot, leaning back to stare at the ceiling.

He was grateful she didn't try to remove her gown this time.

"How are you doing, Danielle?" He asked his now 45 year old daughter.

"I will get him next time." She answered.

"If not then, then the next time."

"I wonder if we will ever know what happened to her?" Dana asked him as they got into their car, the same question she had asked once each week for the last 20 years.

"I don't know. I just don't know." Jerry answered.