 ***Part 1 of a story for this Halloween, I hope that the readers enjoy this as much as I have taken my time and let my imagination run writing it

TRIAX***

*

It was October 22nd and I have received a procurement that is of interest, I read the private email carefully as I contemplate how to go about in this matter. 

Mr. Marcus Dangal, I wanted to hire your services. I am a crypto zoologist based on London, what I am about to disclose to you may sound strange, though you being a man of honor and that of a warrior, I am certain that you would understand why it is you that I approach in regard of this matter. Rumors have and stories of large howling canines more likely that of giant wolves have been circulating the highlands of Scotland, a team have tracked down a pack of what seems to be giant wolves, though before I have hired regular security for the safety of the team in the field to study this magnificent and yet mysterious specimen. However, none of the security detail teams or the scientist who have set out to investigate these animals has returned. All that was found are blood and torn pieces of clothing, tents, and equipment. I would like to ask for a team of highly trained men who can act as a personal guard to a team of colleagues in the field who are bent on the study of these mysterious animals. The pay would be at the price you will set. I am looking forward for a reply from you.

Sincerely, 

Adam Chester

Oxford University

Head Crypto Zoologist

A few days have passed and Kenshiro Dima'uga along with six men arrived in London, people from Oxford University met them. A female professor holding a large sign 'Kenshiro and Associates' and her two assistants walked towards Kenshiro and his group of mercenaries. 

"I'm Brittany Collins from Oxford University you must be Mr. Kenshiro Dima'uga?"

"Yes I am and you may call me Ken," the H.Q. Major extended his hand while placing his bag to the ground. 

"Pleasure to meet you Ken," she shook his firm muscular and tone hand as she eyed the team leader of the Rim-Cats detachment. "Call me Brit."

Not bad he's pretty hot!

Brittany smiled hiding the thoughts from the man he just met. She took note at the man who has a muscular and toned body black crop cut hair, brown slanted and piercing eyes, a sexy yet different English tone, and the aura along with the mystique of an Asian warrior. 

"The pleasure is mine Brit, these are my men. Carlos, Marion, David, Hitori, Munezo, and Shintaro."

The six mercenaries that Ken introduced shook her hand in turn every single one has the physique, tone, and looks of an elite trooper.

"These are my assistants, these one is Tom and the red headed one here is Kyle," the female professor pointed to her associates as she introduced them. 

"Our van is outside gentlemen and let us help you with the baggage," Kyle informed the mercenaries.

"Brit, did the equipment and weaponry arrived?" 

Ken gazed onto the black haired with blue highlights, blue-eyed woman.

"Yes the professor has taken care of the package."

He nodded as he got himself accustomed to her English accent. The men of the Rim-Cats spoke international English. While those who have lived in the United States like Colonel Marc, Kai, and Arthurius have a perfect command of American English. He smiled at her noting the woman's cute accent.

"I'm glad that the equipment has arrived in advance," he commented, "can you give us a briefing of what sort of animal are we hunting Brit?"

"When we arrive at the university, the professor will gladly do the briefing for you and your men Ken."

Twenty minutes have passed and the vehicle entered the compound of Oxford University, after the van parked, the seven mercenaries exited, grabbed their belongings, and headed inside the building towards an auditorium small enough for a few dozen people, but large enough for a briefing session. 

"Good afternoon gentlemen," greeted a middle-aged English man, "My name is Professor Adam Chester. Take your seat gentlemen and I will begin this briefings since your known reputation indicates that you men wanted to be out on the field as soon as possible."

The seven men of the Rim-Cats took their seats.

"True professor, we rather have the contract underway as soon as possible."

"You must be Kenshiro Dima'uga," verified Adam Chester the professor employed by Oxford University.

"Yes sir, I am and you may call me Ken," replied the Rim-Cats team leader.

"Well Ken, this is a unique job for you and your men."

"These men are handpicked and are the best under my command professor, I am certain that everyone of us can handle what it is that you have in mind."

"Do you know what lycanthropes are Ken?" asked Brit.

"I heard of them and they are nothing but myths and of course the Hollywood topics for movies," replied Ken.

"I'm certain to say that myths are based on a form of reality Ken," said Professor Adam Chester, "The myths of the Lycanthropes have been told as old as written history itself and have basis mostly here in Europe."

"What do you mean professor?" asked Munezo, "Please do not say that we're up against werewolves now."

"I'm afraid so yes. I want your men to capture one if possible and to ensure the safety of Brittany Collins the lovely professor here and her colleagues."

"Do we get to use silver bullets?" sarcastically asked one of the mercenaries.

"Quiet now Carlos," Ken corrected the man. 

"No, no it is ok Ken I will answer his inquiry," the middle-aged professor breathed out as he prepared to speak, "Your team will be armed with both conventional high powered weapons such as three 5.56mm FN-SCAR the special forces combat assault rifle with a clip on grenade launcher, three FN-Minimi 5.56mm SAW, and two M-14 designated marksman rifle with plenty of ammunition of course, cross-bows, and tranquilizer arrows. The goal as I have said earlier is to bring one of these specimens alive. I want all of you to review the following slides and take note of the area where you are to go to." 

The professor dimmed the lights and activated the power point slide presentation.

According to local stories of the highlands, these area which is two hours away from Glasgow have been haunted by the presence of a pack of werewolves, these lycanthropes have been according to local residents of the area known to have existed in these parts even before the Romans came to Britain. For centuries they have hunted around the twenty-mile radius where there have been reports of missing persons since the ancient times. What is known is that these beings have been walking among the residents of the surrounding areas where mostly is populated by Celts since the days of antiquity. Every month during the full moon, they will hunt and devour their victims, though there are no bodies discovered, what were found are ripped tents, torn clothes, blood, and small pieces of entrails belonging to human beings. Some who have been missing these past ten years have been identified through DNA analysis to be victims of savage attacks. There are five landmarks where these beings are known to operate as areas of their territories. The four landmarks are known to be the boundaries of their territory. They never have ventured out of these areas, long ago many have been sent to investigate these stories of the local, many have never returned. Those who have are known to have gone insane telling the stories of monstrous wolf-men who have ripped apart the members of their parties. Such individuals survive by hiding long enough for daylight to finally appear. 

Twelve weeks ago, a group of scientist protected by a security force ventured in the area known to be frequented by these lycanthropes. There are only small ten seconds clips from a digital camera that have shown some light of what have happened. Six weeks ago a second expedition has been conducted with the same results, there were no bodies found, only blood, torn remains of their camp, and torn clothes. 

Two ten second clips started to play as the seven mercenaries watched bewildered at the scene of the event. 

"My GOD," said Ken.

The first clip showed one of the scientists a man in his thirties making a desperate report via video email hoping that some sort of help would come soon. Unfortunately, the man was caught by a giant wolf-man, over eight feet tall, toned, furry, with large canines, and sharp claws, grab the man by the neck, bit down the man's throat and devoured him in front of the camera before a second humanoid wolf gazed at the camera, was curious and destroyed it with it's sharp teeth. 

"Did the Colonel know about this Ken?"

Marion whispered to the team leaders ear.

"Yes, but not in this detail."

"Let me talk to Colonel Marc, if that is alright with you Ken."

"Go ahead Marion. Are you afraid of this task?"

"No sir, just uneasy that I may be killed by these monstrous wolves."

"What is the difference Marion? Either we survive, get killed in war by bullets or explosions, or this, to be ripped apart by werewolves," said Ken to his team member.

"You got a point. It doesn't matter, doesn't it?"

"No it does not." 

"Alright, I'm with you in this Ken."

"Thanks Marion, I appreciate your vote of confidence."

After the briefing was done, Ken contacted me via live video satellite link. I am the man known as Marc the Black Cat and asked if Ken and his six men are willing to take the risk. Professor Adam Chester and Oxford University are willing to pay double for the protection of the expedition personnel to be conducted by the next day. 

"Men, I asked you a simple question," I said to the seven man team, "will you be willing to perform this task knowing the risk involve? It is not an easy task. That you are all aware off and secondly the enemy is not of anything we have ever faced before. Mythological creatures is what you will be facing gentlemen, personally I want to know if I should withdraw from this contract or not is all by your wise decision gentlemen."

"Sir, I am certain to say that my opinion and decision is in par with everyone else in this team. I am willing to do this Colonel and since you have already accepted this contract, I will carryout this task to the letter and to the uttermost capability that I have sir," answered Hitori.

"I agree sir, I am willing to go through this contract," said David.

So would I," added Carlos, Munezo, and Shintaro.

"It would be an interesting task sir. I am willing to do this too," affirmed Marion.

"There you have it Colonel, the men have spoken and have decided to carryout this contract sir," finalized Ken.

"Good luck gentlemen and may be GOD be with you on this task," I blessed the men with my words of caution and good fortune, "The irony of this is that Halloween is tomorrow."

"I know Marc, that fact makes me laugh as if fate can put on this joke on us."

"Alright Ken, you and the men get some rest and carryout this task tomorrow."

"Yes Colonel we will."

That evening the men was billeted two per room except for Kenshiro Dima'uga known throughout the Rim-Cat Regiment as Shaider. As he was falling asleep, there was a knock on his door. Ken rose up and answered. As he open the door to his quarters, Brittany Collins surprised him. Wearing only a nightgown revealing enough to show that she is has lingerie underneath it, she kissed Ken on the lips, which caught him by bewilderment and confusion.

"Brit, what is the meaning of this?" 

The mercenary team leader broke the kiss, held her by the shoulder, gazed into her stunning blue eyes, and waited for her response.

"Ken, you're a soldier and you know what it is to face death and danger in your line of work. I don't and before or if ever something to happen to me, I would rather do something I wanted. Forget moralities, tactfulness, and ethics. I want you Ken and I want you fuck me tonight," her blue eyes pierced through Ken's gazing brown eyes as she planted another kiss onto his lips.

Ken held her as she kissed him. He returned her kiss finding her tongue as he played with it with his. Sucking her tongue he led her to his bed taking off her nightgown, throwing it aside. As Brit works on his trousers, he let them fall down and stepped over them. With only his underwear on, she started to stroke his bulging cock as he traced the length of her pussy slit. She pulled down his underwear hungrily sucking on his shaft, pumping the enlarged cock with her hand as she slides her mouth over it taking Ken's rod down her throat. Groaning, the mercenary team leader gently held her hair as he guide the wonderful mouth back and forth of his cock. He started to fuck her mouth slowly and gently as his fingers played with her clit, as he increased the pace of thrusting in and out of her mouth, his index finger started to drill inside of her warm, wet, and eagerly waiting pussy. Brit moaned as he screw her pussy around and around before pumping his finger inside of her, she started to suck his dick faster and deeper nearly gagging as she did so. Ken added a second finger inside of her tight channel, widening her as he piston it in and out of her. Surely as he swirls his fingers inside while pumping her pussy, Brit started to shiver as an orgasm overtook her body. 

"Now, lay down and relax Brit," he instructed the female professor.

Brittany Collins did what she was told as Ken spread her legs and traced her slick-oozing channel with his dick. Ramming inside of her he started to fuck her hard and fast. 

"Ooohhh aaaahhh aaahhhh," Brit moaned while the dick impaling her pussy over and over started to move in a circular motion. 

Ken grinds his waist as his cock slipped in and out of her pussy hitting her g-spots and the inner walls of her pussy. Harder he thrust into her bouncing her back and forth from his cock, Brit moaned louder as she closed her eyes letting the pleasure he is giving her surges through her sexy and fit body. His hands cupped and massages her tits around and around while he fucks her, as his palms rubs her sensitive nipples now erect and hard as a pair of pebbles.

"Oh Ken aaaahhhh aaaaahhh aaaaahhh!"

Brittany's moans drove him to the edge as his body lustful to take her and give her orgasm increased its pace as he pistons in and out of her. His mouth found hers while her tongue hungrily sucks his. 

"Mmmmm..." 

Her body writhes in pleasure while he grabs her legs and placed them on top of his shoulders driving his cock deeper down her pussy. As his shaft buried inside of her to the hilt, he started to pump her harder, faster, and deeper with every thrust. Hooking his arms around her shoulder he lifted her up and walked towards the wall pumping her every step of the way, Brit's legs wraps around his waist as he slammed her onto the wall. Thrusting inside of her deeper and faster she bit her lips trying not to moan too loudly, as he continues his pounding of her wet and oozing pussy she couldn't bear it anymore.

"AAAAHHHH OOOHHHH AAAAHHHH KEN!"

Brittany moaned as her body rocked back and forth of his cock, gasping for air with every thrust as his dick grinds inside and out of her pussy, she cannot help but loudly let out her moans of pleasure.

"AAAAHHHH KEN, SHIT, OOOHHH FUCK!"

Bouncing her allowing his cock to slide in and out of her body grinding with every thrust, her voice began to rasp as dryness ensued onto her throat. She bit down once again and tried to not to be driven crazy by this man's cock that piston's in and out of her lovely pussy.

FUCK! What did I have gotten myself into?

Her mind raced as his dick pounded the oozing pussy that she have. Closing her eyes, she opened her mouth to gasp for air unable to keep her composure. Brit's body writhes as she allowed her own body to take over, grinding around and around as he fuck her pussy, she moaned louder.

"OOOHHH KEN I'm about to cum!"

"Cum for me Brit, cum," Ken whispered onto her ear as his relentless fucking of her pussy bore fruit with her another imminent orgasm.

"AAAAAHHHHHH!"

Brittany Collins screamed in pleasure as her pussy squirted its love juice out of her body.

"You know I'm not done yet do you Brit?"

"Oh fuck! Ken," shocked, she bit her lower lip, as his cock didn't stop pounding her pussy. 

He walked backward towards the bed as he kept bouncing her lovely body sliding in and out of her pussy with his cock. Lying down on the bed he gently turned her around as his cock is still imbedded inside of her wet and lubricated channel. He started to thrust his cock upward in her pussy as his hands wrap around her flat stomach, lying her down on top of him. Increasing his pace even more than before Brit started to scream in pleasure, unaccustomed to the speed, stamina, and pleasure Ken is giving her she whips her head side to side, her hair flays as she did so. 

"Oh Brit you have such a lovely pussy," he said to her thrusting inward with every word.

"AAAAHHH OOOOHHH AAAAHHH KEN I AAAHHHH!"

His hands reach upward to her tits as he cups them again massaging her firm mounds. Then his fingers started to pinch and pull at her swollen and erect nipples making her moan louder. 

"AAAAAHHH KEN I AM ABOUT TO CUM!"

"Hold it Brit I want to cum with you together."

A few more thrust and surely his seed was about to explode deep inside of her warm, wet, and wonderful pussy.

"Cum for me Brit, cum!"

"AAAAHHHH!"

With one last thrust deep inside of her he poured out his load as her body convulse arching her back succumbing to her own orgasm.

"NYAAAAAHHHH KEN!"

She lay limp breathing hard, gasping for air, as his lips found hers kissing them while his hands explored her sweaty body.

"I've never had such a relentless fucking before Ken," she confessed gasping with each word.

"I've never had such a wonderful woman to fuck like this before Brit," he replied kissing her lips smiling at her while his eyes gaze at her face as her sweat runs down her cheek and forehead. 

"We should do this often."

"Yes Brit we should," he replied coyly.

She slowly got off of him and lay down besides the man who is responsible for her expedition's safety. Moving close to him, she laid her head on his chest hugging him as she started to fall asleep. Ken embraces her and closed his eyes, letting exhaustion from their love making overtake his body as he welcome the sleep that is creeping to him. Soon enough he falls asleep.

The next day, everyone started to pack the Land Rover at 0900. Munezo kept the inventory of their mercenary equipment as Tom and Kyle did the same with their own gears and equipment.

Afterwards, the ten individuals loaded the vehicles, got on to their seat, and started their journey north towards the highlands of Scotland. 

Scottish Highlands

1400 Hours

They arrived to their destination and started to make camp. The mercenaries secured the perimeter with tripwires and other early warning system, Ken does not want any surprises to slip into the camp as night falls. Brittany started to cook makeshift lunch out of freeze-dried food enough for everyone. 

"Come on lads, lunch is ready."

Glad that they have their break, the men gathered around as they enjoyed their lunch.

"How do you like English cuisine Ken?"

Kenshiro Dima'uga tasted his food and smiled at Professor Brittany Collins, their time together the night before was enough to seal at least some sort of connection between the two.

"It's delicious Brit."

"I'm glad you like it. They're chicken casserole Ken."

"Honestly, it's far better than our MRE," he replied to her.

She giggled as he took another fork full of his meal washing them down with hot English Earl tea. 

The Camp

1900 Hours

Armed with crossbows, tranquilizer darts and their own deadly weapons, the mercenary seven-man team stood watch. Glad that their equipment includes Dragonskin Body Armor, Night Vision Goggles state of the art third generation, and short/long range communication device, the men of the Rim-Cat's mercenary detachment observed the outer perimeter of their camp. Professor Brittany Collins walked towards Kenshiro Dima'uga and smiled bringing him a cup of tea. 
