 All characters are 18 years or older. Please vote this is for the Halloween contest, thank you. 

Dramatis Persona:

Members in Good Standing of the Orcus Club

Sir Niles Lindstrom: Treasurer and Grandson of Lord Alfred Lindstrom Cofounder of the Orcus Club

Sir Thaddeus Black: Cartographer and Adventurer

Sir Richard Abbott: Equestrian and Crack Shot

Sir Alan Croft: Linguist and Semiotic [symbols, signs and signets]

Sir Thomas Drake: President and Grandson of Lord Charles Drake Cofounder of the Orcus Club

Notable Others:

Lady Elinor Lindstrom: Sister of Nigel and Gifted Medium

Lady Felicity Croft: Sister of Alan Croft and Mistress Gunsmith

Mark Trent: Expert Guide and Smuggler

Anna Louise Dupuis: French Model and Exceptional Artist

Captain Archibald Knox: Master of the HMS Raven 

Malice Scott Strange: Chief Engineer [Mary Alice]

*

Present Day: The Year of Our Lord 1896

St. Mark's Hospital had been established a little over a century earlier. It was known for its quality care and more so among the elite of the British Empire for its unwavering discretion. Sir Thaddeus Black, well it was now Lord Thaddeus Black. His recent appointment to the House of Lords was a clear sign of his rising status within the mechanizations of the Empire. He was looking forward to his upcoming birthday and since it was his fiftieth it would be a glorious spectacle. His burnished boots were polished to a mirror bright shine. These boots resounded on the stone floor of the foyer and echoed quite nicely, he thought. He was dressed in his finest to see his old friend. One of the nurses recognized him from his frequent visits and approached him smiling. 

"Lord Black," she said in greeting. "He is waiting for you on the third floor. I think you should know he had a very troubled night. If he is a little groggy it is for his own good. The doctor believed it was best to keep his outbursts to a minimum."

"I understand," Lord Black replied in his cultured baritone. "I am, as always, deeply in debt to you and the entire staff of St. Mark's."

"Thank you Lord Black," she replied. "Please follow me and I will take you to him."

"Lead the way good lady."

They took the lift to the third floor. The floor was restricted to specific staff and only a very few visitors. The nurse guided Lord Black to the locked wing of ward nine. Ward nine was for the worst of the worst. Not only were the patients children of the Empire's elite but they were also quite dangerous. In some cases it was what they knew that made them perilous. In other cases they possessed homicidal tendencies and had even acted upon them. The nurse produced a key from around her neck and unlocked the double oaken doors. She opened them and the cacophony of voices hidden behind the sound proofed doors filled the air.

"Dear God," Thaddeus gasped. "It never fails to shock me."

"Nor should it," the nurse agreed. "A fine cultured soul such as yours is hardly expected to tolerate such things."

The nurse closed and locked the doors behind them. Her presence in the ward had a strange calming effect. The cries and screams became whimpers and groans. Thaddeus looked in the eyes of the mad and his heart went out to them. These poor souls had endured God knew what form of mental torment. His own experiences were still raw even after twenty five years. It was the last of these moments that had pushed poor Alan over the edge. He shuddered as he fought off the ghosts of years long dead. A shadow passed over his face and he balked for a moment. But he dug deep and remembered his promise to his oldest and dearest friend. He would visit and he would remain Alan's anchor and lifeline to the outside world. 

The nurse opened the door to the visitation room. There strapped to the wheelchair was Sir Alan Croft, brilliant linguist and master of ancient symbols. His snow white hair had been recently cut and his facial hair trimmed handsomely. You would never know that he was three years Thaddeus's junior. He was dressed in his favorite smoking jacket and his eyes were glazed and fixed. It was the gag that made it all crystal clear. He was to remain silent for all of their sakes. If he uttered what he had seen he could contaminate not just the other patients but the staff as well.

"You have one half hour," the nurse said as she left Thaddeus alone with Alan.

"Thank you nurse," he said and once she was gone he removed the gag. "Hello Alan."

"Thaddeus, is that you Thaddeus," Alan asked in a distant voice. "Everything is so foggy. My mind feels so numb."

"It is for the best old chap," Thaddeus explained as he always had. "You know things that could have terrible consequences. Are they treating you well?"

"I suppose so," Alan replied after a long silence. "The food is palatable and the nurses are attractive enough. They have of course limited my reading material quite a bit."

The two men chuckled at the last remark. Thaddeus walked over the great bay window that overlooked the park below. Alan was quiet as his visitor pondered killing his old friend. With his increasing age came a greater chance of disaster befalling innocents. If he was being honest with himself he was growing fearful of Alan Croft. Thaddeus placed his hands in his pockets and the cold reassuring feel of the pistol bolstered his resolve. 

"It is just the two of now isn't it Thaddeus," Alan asked in a cool almost metallic voice. "I heard that Felicity hanged herself. Pity, she had such a lovely neck."

"Alan! Show some respect for the dead! She was your sister for God's sake!"

"Which god are we talking about Thaddeus? We both know better now don't we. So did poor weak Felicity. That's why she stretched her own neck after all."

"There needs to be an end to it, old man." Thaddeus said as his fingers wrapped around the grip of the pistol. 

"I am glad we agree on that," Alan said as Thaddeus spun around to face his oldest and dearest friend.

Thaddeus faltered as he saw the dread transformation that was now plain to see. Sir Alan Croft was gone and in his place something dark and terrible. The eyes blazed with an infernal light and his appearance was now gaunt with the skin pulled tight around his skull. The temperature had dropped and Thaddeus could now see his breath as he brought his pistol up and took careful aim. 

"I see you are still carrying around that Webley," the thing that was in Alan's body growled. "Are you going to shoot me Old Man?"

"Yes, something I should have done decades ago," Thaddeus said through clenched teeth as he squeezed the trigger. "Die you monster!"

The bullet struck true and pierced the things heart. But the icy cold laughter continued as the thing snapped its restraints and stood up. It shambled towards the terrified Lord Thaddeus Black. The thing reached out for him with talon-like claws and it was muttered forbidden syllables of a language dead a thousand centuries.

"I anoint your body Thaddeus for the Old Gods. I have offered them your soul as payment for what is to come. You are damned Lord Thaddeus Black!"

The Webley spoke four more times before the naked nails of the thing clutched Thaddeus's head. A dark energy coursed through his body for a moment and one final time the pistol spoke and this time the bullet found its mark. It had crashed into the brain of one Lord Thaddeus Black. The nurse yanked the door open and found the two corpses in the intimate dance of death. She cried out and shouted for the doctor. He arrived less than a minute later. He checked for signs of life and shook his head.

"Damnedest thing," he muttered. "Croft is dead, has been for hours. His body is stone cold to the touch. Who brought him into this room?"

"I did doctor, but you must be mistaken. He was alive and well just one quarter of an hour ago."

"You must be mistaken nurse. Alan Croft has been dead a lot longer than that."

"He spoke to me," the nurse insisted.

"The dead do not speak Nurse. You must be mistaken. Am I understood?"

"Yes doctor," she replied.

"Poor Lord Black, he learned of his friend's death and committed suicide. That is what will be on my report. Are we agreed?"

"Yes doctor," the nurse agreed. 

HMS Raven: 1871 Maiden Flight [Destination Cape Colony, South Africa]

She was the pride of the Royal Aeronautical Society, the HMS Raven. She was the Empire's first flying vessel. Her keel was a little over 77 feet; her gun deck measured 102 feet, her beam 30 feet and her hold was 12 feet high. Due to weight restrictions she was lightly armed and armored. She also carried a crew of only 60 including her captain and chief engineer. 

The pageantry present at her christening counted among its dignitaries Sir Houston Stewart, Admiral of the Fleet as well as the Leader of the House of Lords Granville Leveson-Gower the Second Earl of Granville. The Queen herself was present and would christen the air ship. There was music and fanfare as the moment drew nigh. The crowd gathered round grew silent as Victoria took up her position and she greeted the captain and chief engineer of the air ship.

"Your Majesty," Captain Archibald Knox said in greeting.

"Captain, tell me about this fine vessel of ours," she asked as she looked at the ship.

"She is to be the first of many, we hope, we will be able to map the empire with greater ease and greater accuracy. We also hope she will revolutionize warfare. Think of how a fleet of such ships raining down death upon your Majesty's enemies."

"That does please us," the Queen replied with a noticeable smile. "Who has made this modern miracle a reality?"

"I have your Majesty," replied a short hooded figure wearing goggles with dark lenses.

"Who is this... person?" Victoria asked with a prominent eyebrow raised.

"This is Malice Scott Strange, chief engineer." Captain Knox replied.

"An unusual name for an unusual person," the Queen said. "You have Our thanks Chief Engineer. Let us send your ship and crew away with all the blessings and good will we can muster." Victoria turned and addressed the crowd. "On this day, the 4th of May in the Year of Our Lord 1872, I name this ship Raven and may God bless her and all who sail upon her!"

The cheer from the crowd was thunderous as the last of the crew walked up the gangplank and the mooring ropes were cast off and pulled up. The great air ship HMS Raven rose up, its engines started and the twin propellers in the rear began to spin. With another roar from those assembled the vessel rose up even higher and began its voyage to the colony of the Cape of Good Hope. 

The ground fell away as the captain shouted orders to the helmsman. The craft turned southwards and was soon over the Thames and the weather was perfect for the launch of a flying machine. Below deck the chief engineer monitored what the crew lovingly called the infernal machine. A nervous finger tapped at one of the gauges and the arrow moved a few degrees towards the optimum setting. The sixty man crew had already taken up their assigned positions. Ten were in the rigging of the ebony balloon that allowed the craft to defy the laws of God and man. The cargo netting allowed the crew to keep a look out for leaks, birds or any other hazards. There was the queer hexagonal pattern over the balloon itself. Those that asked the engineer learned that the copper webbing carried electricity collected, through a process called helio vlasfimia or sun damn, by the balloon to batteries and the ship's engines. 

There were ten others that were on lookout for aerial hazards such as buildings, weather and the like. Ten men per shift volunteered to help the three chefs that would feed the entire crew. You might ask why men would volunteer to help cook but the food provided for the Raven's crew was as fine as any noble might expect upon their own table. A happy crew was of great importance to both the captain as well as the engineer. It was the engineer that had not only designed and built the ship but had a hand in the shakedown cruise and the course the ship would eventually take. These facts were not well known, in fact only the members of the Orcus Club that had provided the funds for this project and a few select others knew who the engineer really was.

"Malice," the captain said as he entered the engine room.

"I hate it when you call me that," the engineer replied. "It is Mary Alice as you well know."

"Do you think things would have progressed as smoothly as they have if I had called you by your Christian name before the Queen?"

"No," she replied as she tugged back the hood and removed the goggles. "As always you are wise in the ways that completely elude me."

"Don't frown," he said laying a hand on her diminutive shoulder. "Your father, God bless him, would be proud of you."

"Thank you Captain," she said smiling. "How fare our guests?"

"They are on deck and getting their cloud legs," he replied smiling. "I guess I should speak with them and explain our agenda."

"Just be a love and keep them out of my engine room."

The captain laughed as he turned and left her to her work. He climbed the steps and stiffened his resolve to greet the civilians on his ship. It was highly irregular but they were necessary to the success of the mission. The captain steeled his nerves as he approached the group of nobles and their French whore. Maybe he was being a bit harsh on the woman but there was history between the captain and France. 

"Ladies and Gentlemen," the captain said in greeting.

"Captain, what a fine vessel you have here," Alan Croft replied.

"Too true," Niles Lindstrom smiled as he shook the others hand. "She's a beauty!"

"Let me do introductions all around," Thaddeus Black offered. "This fine young man here is Sir Alan Croft, one of my oldest and dearest friends. This is his sister Felicity as well as Elinor Lindstrom. Standing next to her is her brother Niles, Thomas Drake and Richard Abbott. Mark Trent and Louise Dupuis are the two staring out over the side just now. Mark has a ton of experience in deep dark Africa and Madame Dupuis is a gifted artist and is going to help us with the mapping aspect of this mission."

"Thank you Sir Black," the captain replied once he had finished shaking hands with noblemen and their siblings. "We have a mission to begin so please feel free to enjoy the view but do keep clear of the crew as they perform their duties."

The captain left and the members of the Orcus club that had been selected to join this mission called for a bottle of wine to toast the crew and her mission. A few minutes later, with glasses filled, they toasted the mission as well as the imminent arrival of Alan's birthday. Alan reached into his pocket and removed the small package he had received just before the ship had taken to the air. It was simple wrapped package about the size of a snooker ball. Felicity saw the gift and urged him to unwrap it. A chorus of voices joined in and Alan relented. He took out his folding knife and cut the knotted strings carefully. He folded the knife and returned it to his pocket. He opened the paper revealing the silver locket. It was elegantly decorated and two words etched into the cover, Nosce Te or Know Thyself. He opened it and smiled.

"Who gave you the box old boy?" Niles asked.

"I don't know, there wasn't a note," Alan replied.

"Early wishes and all that," Thaddeus added. "I have a good feeling about this journey."

"Happy Birthday brother dear," Felicity added as she kissed his cheek.

The crew moved around the static bodies of the nobles. The Raven was over the English Channel long before dusk and leaving England behind them. The crew and officers alike were eager to see the charts that they were carrying improved because of the aerial reconnaissance they would be providing. This was an exciting time. The captain was even able to tolerate the French whore on his ship. He had seen examples of her work and even he had to admit she had a gift. But he left the day to day interaction with the members of the Orcus Club to the ship's chaplain. He was after all a member of their secretive group and best suited to keep them out of the crew's way. 

Their first stop would be the Ardennes that bordered France and Belgium. The watch was ordered to keep an eye out for the heliographs. They would signal them with weather reports, any troop movements and the first supply pick up. They had to practice lowering and raising gear from the earth to the ship. It was decided that practice in stable environments was required for the times when they might be forced to resupply in hostile situations. It was just after nightfall when the flashes of light were seen below them.

"Captain, we have received our first message," the lieutenant cried out. "We appear to have excellent weather ahead and our supply sight is prepared and ready."

"Good news," the captain replied. "Make for the Ardennes and maintain our current altitude."

"Aye Captain," the helmsman cried out. "Maintain speed and altitude. Set course..."

The captain smiled as the well-oiled machine that was his crew performed their duties. He was as proud of them as if they had been his own children. The Raven turned as it adjusted its course and the evening meal was served. The officer's mess was loud as the men recounted the first day's events. They praised the improvements the chief engineer had added to the Raven and hoped they would be adopted with the ocean going fleet. The members of the Orcus club sat at their own table along with the elderly chaplain as they discussed what Nile's had called their end game.

"The tablet is very specific," Alan spoke low as his hands gestured energetically. "The triple mountain can only be seen from the air."

"And this hidden valley is where we will find the temple," Thaddeus asked making eye contact with his childhood friend.

"Exactly," Alan nodded as he smiled.

"The Club will claim the treasure and it will fund future projects such as this," Niles explained as the club treasurer. "Think of what we can accomplish."

"I just want to make sure we get there and home safely," Richard Abbot added. "All the treasure in the world won't do us any good if we run afoul of a determined tribe of hostile natives."

"That's why I am here," Felicity Croft said smiling. "I have some brand new pistols and rifles for the club and crew to train with."

"Felicity, that is just so... unladylike," Elinor grimaced. "A lady does not work in a smithy, just the thought of walking into that kind of dirt and filth makes me ill."

"If the captain were to learn you had visions they might string you up as a witch old girl," Felicity fired back. 

Elinor's mouth snapped shut and her cheeks flushed. Felicity gave her a hug and apologized for the crass comment. Thaddeus poured another round of wine and all was forgiven. Alan and Felicity left the meal and went topside while the others went to a small well decorated room that offered the men a place to smoke. Elinor and Anna Dupuis returned to their room to stay out of the men's way. The ship possessed a demarcated structure. The women had their own sleeping space, bathroom facilities and they were allowed to dine in the officer's mess. The two exceptions to this iron clad rule were the smithy and the engine room. 

Felicity was a rare woman and actually owned patents to cutting edge weapon designs. While the outside world heralded the genius of Alan Croft it was his sister that had created the weapons being tested onboard the Raven. The Master of Arms and Master Smith protested a woman entering their domains. That was until she uncrated one of her rifles and pistols for their inspection. The Master of Arms snatched the lever action rifle from her grasp. He looked it over and soon the cruel curse of her sex was forgotten. The smith examined her pistol and she explained how the cylinder revolved allowing a soldier to fire six rounds in a very short period of time. The firearms were designed to use the same caliber of bullet to maximize efficiency. 
