 Part One – Initiation

"Brad, I got it!"

Heather burst into the snack bar where Brad preferred to study his history notes. Rolling his eyes, he knew this diversion would take him away from his work for at least an hour.

"So they decided to let you in?"

"Yes, on my first try! I'm almost an official omega girl now!"

Omega Alpha was a relatively new sorority on campus, and very little was known about them. They proudly said they were "the end of what we know and the start of something new." Somewhere in their hierarchy were very good marketers, as they always had slick ads plastered all around campus. Their members were also uniformly gorgeous and well-endowed. Brad thought it nuts when Heather initially started talking about pledging them, as she didn't really fit the mold. Sure, Heather was cute with modest curves and bright eyes, but she wasn't omega material. Maybe they took a few charity cases into their fold?

"Aren't those sororities expensive? How are you going to afford that?"

Heather beamed, "That's the best part – the first year is free! They have some national donors or something that take care of your initiation fees."

"Neat – so what's next?"

Heather sat down in the booth across from Brad, a tinge of nerves crossing her expression. "Well, I have to be pinned before I can officially be inducted."

She placed a small box on the table, pushing it towards Brad. Opening it, he discovered a pin that looked far more valuable than he would expect it to be. Shaped like an old-fashioned stickpin, at the top the logo of the sorority was designed in dark red stones. Were those real rubies?

"Wow, very pretty." As he thought about it, he remembered that all omega sisters wore one of these on their clothing. He noticed it when he got lost staring at their very round...

"Brad! Did you hear what I said?"

Shaking his head, Brad blushed a bit. "Sorry, Heather, was thinking about the stones in the pin. They look quite valuable."

Heather ignored his statement and kept talking. "Anyway, the pinning has to be done in private and by a guy that knows you well. So, wanna pin me?" Heather smiled with a hint of flirtiness. Not that she ever really looked at Brad as anything more than a friend.

"You want me to pin you? There isn't some hot theta guy that you'd rather ask?" Theta Omega was the brother fraternity to Omega Alpha, and their members were just as hot as the sisters. Brad couldn't help but notice the edge in his voice when he said that. Was he jealous of those jocks?

"Nope, you're the one – it's supposed to be someone important to you. Face it, without your support I wouldn't be doing half the things on campus than I thought I would be able to do. You deserve the honor."

Brad felt somewhat honored in a "you're like a brother to me" sort of way. "OK, I guess."

Heather squealed. "Great! It has to be someplace private. How about one of the library study rooms?"

Brad started packing his things. "Sure, let's get this over with, sorority girl."

–

The top floor of the library was rarely entered, making it ideal for their secret mission. Heather went to the far study room and shoved Brad into the small space. Closing the door, she sat on the table and handed the box to Brad.

"So what am I supposed to do?"

"I'm not really sure. Mandy said to just pin it on my shirt and we would be done." Mandy was the president of Omega Alpha and destined to be a fashion model or a nuclear physicist (or maybe both?).

Taking the pin out of the box, Brad uncovered the tip. It seemed to have some sticky material on the very end, maybe from its previous owner. He leaned over to Heather and pulled the collar of her light blue t-shirt away from her neck. Her skin felt warm against the back of his fingers, and he noticed she was breathing faster. What was so exciting about a silly pin? Sighing, he poked the pin through her collar.

"Ow!"

"Sorry, Heather. It slipped." Brad quickly pulled back and poked the pin back through her shirt, quickly capping the tip. He saw a small dot of blood along Heather's collar bone. "Geez, I got you bleeding. I'm sorry, let me clean that up." He went for a tissue in his backpack.

Heather stopped him, grasping his arm firmly. "No, Brad, it's fine." Brad was surprised by her strength. "It feels good. Really, really good..." Brad looked at Heather curiously. She seemed lost in thought, closing her eyes and biting her lip. She squeezed his arm even tighter and lightly moaned. Was she getting aroused?

"Are you alright, Heather?"

"More than you can imagine, Brad..." Heather laughed as she said his name. It sounded much sexier than his name ever sounded at that moment.

It was then Brad noticed the smell in the air. A woodsy perfume, mixed with a hint of...something. He couldn't place his finger on it, but it made his jeans get much tighter in an instant. He was always a little aroused when Heather was around, but this was very different.

Before he knew what happened, he felt cool air on his cock. He opened his eyes to see Heather on her knees in front of him, pulling his jeans and boxers to the floor. Taking a moment to look at his average cock as it wiggled in excitement, she inhaled him in one shot. Brad moaned in part excitement and lust as Heather started to suck. Neither of them were experienced in the art of oral pleasure, but Heather's fervor more than made up for lack of skill.

Brad looked upon his friend devouring his cock like she hadn't eaten in days. Her eyes locked on his as she sucked, and he saw something different in them. There was a new hunger that was very exciting to see. His gaze was cut off by the sudden feel of Heather's throat constricting around the tip of his shaft. He exploded down her throat and fought passing out from the pleasure.

The next few minutes were confusing to Brad. Maybe the blood loss to his brain was causing him to hallucinate? He thought when he next opened his eyes that he saw Heather on the floor, her hands buried in her pants, trying to get herself off. She was howling in pleasure. That didn't seem like something she would do. Would someone hear her and catch them? He knew he should be worried, but at the moment he just didn't care.

If someone else had been on that floor of the library (no one ever was), they would have heard several strange noises coming from that study room. A woman screaming in pleasure...or is that pain? Next, strange sounds of ripping and more moaning. The screams of a guy that don't sound particularly pleasurable. One last shout from them both.

Then silence.

–

"C'mon, Brandy. Stop being such a prude..."

"I am not a prude, Jamie. I just have a math test Thursday and need to study."

Brandy shot an irritated glance at her roommate. Both were freshmen, and both were still trying to figure out life in their new setting. The roommates were trying to look out for each other, but Jamie was definitely emerging as the more adventurous one. Brandy tried to hide her nerves, especially in light of the growing number of missing students on campus. Some thought that they weren't handling midterms well and going on extended benders. Others were not so sure...

"What can it hurt to stop by for just an hour? I bet Gary will be there..." Brandy smacked Jamie in the arm as they left the classroom building. They walked past a bulletin board with yet another Omega Alpha advertisement for the event they were discussing. Next to that was a poster asking for the whereabouts of the latest missing student, some guy named Brad.

"You know he doesn't even realize I'm alive. Why do you keep pushing me to him?"

Jamie rolled her eyes. "A woman knows, it's a wonder your eyes don't fall out of their sockets every time you look at him." Gary was a fellow freshman in their chemistry class and definitely would be a good catch, but Brandy was never that lucky with guys. Still, if he was going to be there, it wouldn't be a totally worthless evening.

"Alright, but just for one hour..."

–

You could feel the bass thumping from the Crypt nearly a block away. The new dance club was "the spot" to be seen in town. It didn't hurt that nearly all the omega events happened there (instead of their sorority house for some reason). Brandy couldn't quite put her finger on it, but the place always made her nervous. The two headed inside, smiling sweetly at the behemoth bouncer at the door, his theta shirt stretched tightly across his muscles. His crotch noticeably pulsed as he smiled back. Brandy's eyes widened. That couldn't possibly be real? It was way too big. Jamie laughed and pulled her inside.

They made their way inside and stopped by the bar for a drink. Brandy took a coke, while Jamie asked for some rum in hers. The bartender shrugged and added a shot, much to Brandy's amazement. Don't they card here? One of their favorite songs started playing, so they headed to the dance floor. The population was an interesting mix of "normal" college students and omega/theta members. The members were easy to pick out, since they either looked like a body builder or a porn star. Across the floor Brandy thought she saw Gary, so she slowly moved through the people. Several times a beefy theta jock stepped into her path, trying to dance with her. Each time she swiftly dodged them, getting another girl between her and the lunkhead. Just as she neared Gary she noticed that he had two different omega girls dancing very close to him. He looked really happy, which was very disappointing (but perhaps not surprising) to Brandy. She thought he was different than the other hormone driven guys around here. Too many times in her past she would get interested in a guy to only discover he was driven only by his little head. Why couldn't there be a "normal" guy there for her?

Sighing, Brandy turned for the floor and headed for the bathroom. After finding two women making out by the sinks (ewww), she headed back to the front. As she walked past some closed doors, she heard some moaning behind one. Ever the curious one, she grasped the handle and slowly cracked the door open. In the dim room she was immediately hit with a wave of heat and sex. The sight both sickened and aroused her. A stunning woman with long, shiny red hair was enjoying two men, her body a sight to behold. The guy behind her could easily have been a Greek statue, every muscle in perfect proportion to his body. Unlike a Greek statue, he possessed a massive cock, easily a foot long and quite thick. He was rapidly fucking the girl, moaning as he felt her pussy squeeze him. She met each of his hard thrusts and enjoyed his huge hands stroking and squeezing her mammoth melons. In front of the woman sat another man (she immediately named him Puny guy) who definitely did not fit in with the others. He looked like a normal college student, quite out of shape and a little overweight. His cock was the only thing that seemed big, as it appeared to be painfully swollen. The woman was devouring it, seemingly enjoying the taste of him. Puny guy stiffened and came, making the woman moan loudly. Brandy was shocked at the amount of cum he spurted (definitely more than she ever saw in those internet videos she watched a couple of times). The woman drank it all down and apparently came, which caused Statue to howl as she probably gave his shaft a mighty squeeze. "No more!" he screamed, which made the other two chuckle before resuming again with renewed fervor. Puny appeared to be on the verge of passing out – was his hair grey before?

Brandy didn't know whether to start touching herself or go get help. A third option (get the hell out of there) became apparent as she shifted and accidentally kicked something by the door. Statue guy turned slightly and caught her eye, not stopping the blistering pace of his thrusting. He smiled at her, his eyes flashing red in the dim light. Brandy turned and ran back to the main room, desperately looking for Jamie. After finding her dancing with someone who could be considered Greek Statue's twin, Brandy grabbed her and did not stop moving until they were at least one block down the road.

–

"Hmmm, quite tasty. You were pretty good too, John."

"No one has a better pussy than you, Mandy." John's huge appendage slid from her and slowly shrunk to a more normal size. Mandy wiped the sweat from her, carefully licking any extra cum from her massive breasts. Throwing a robe around her remarkable body, she left the room with John. Others would clean up the mess later.

"Who was that at the door?"

"No idea, Mandy. I thought you might know her."

"Did she see..."

"No, she ran away before you were finished."

Sighing, Mandy walked into a room in the back of the club. Several of her sisters were relaxing on several sofas and beds. "Regardless, we should keep an eye on her. See to it." John nodded and left the room.

One of the several sisters grimaced at Mandy after John departed. "You just can't help yourself, can you? What is that, five tonight so far?"

"Like you should talk, Stephanie. I'm sure you aren't too far behind me."

"Only three so far, and I'm still really hungry. I want my next one while you're between my legs."

Mandy smiled. "I'm sure that can be arranged, or several others wouldn't mind that spot. Isn't that right, Heather?"

The woman who emerged from the shadows screamed sex appeal. Her long blonde hair was silky and perfect, just like her complexion and features. The spherical tits she possessed did not seem to appreciate or abide by the laws of gravity, and her ass was liable to make a man weep. If you looked closely at those eyes, you might recognize a bit of the old Heather. That excitement and zeal for life was still there, but now it was dominated by a strong will and immense hunger.

"You know it, Mandy." Heather licked her lips as her nipples swelled impossibly large against her sheer top. The stones in her omega pin positively sparkled in the dark room. "The night is still young, and I'm sure there's a guy or two just looking for his dream night. It's the least we could do for them if they won't live to see the sun rise again." Everyone in the room shared a quick laugh before heading back to the front room and a night of debauchery.

To be continued...