 It was about supper time on a Friday night when I thought I'd find a little action tonight. Even people with distinct tastes, like mine, need to get their sexual needs met. I just needed them met more often than most. Tonight I would be hunting again. 

I've been visiting the chat rooms lately and have found another pretty girl. The picture she posted on the site was awesome. Judging from her picture she can't be too old. She thinks I am a girl who attends a school in a neighboring town.

Her parents apparently don't understand that there are people like me on the net. Fortunately, neither does she. After all, if your printed messaging sound like another young girl, you must be a young girl. Little does she know. 

She has confided in me that her parents are going to a big party tonight and that they have decided to leave her at home alone. By feigning concern and asking if she is frightened and if she has some protection on hand I learn all I need to know about the house. I have already figured out exactly were she lives. Her unwitting clues led me to her area and her parents wireless router signal has now been identified as she talks to me as I prowl with my laptop and a spectrum analyzer. Little does she know what I have in store for her. Like my previous hunts, she will provide me with several days of fun in my underground dungeon. In the end she will be killed just like the others. They cease being fun when they have been used too many times.

It's time! Her parents left about an hour ago and I know she is on line and in the chat room. I shut down my computer, don my black ski mask and gloves while heading for the back door of her home. She has told me that she likes to skinny dip in the family pool when her parents aren't home. She thinks it is neat that the boy next door likes to watch her as she walks around, dives, and swims nude. Because of this, and because she never wants to run the risk of being locked out of her own house while skinny dipping she always leaves the back door open.

I'm in the family room, having just entered through the back door. I am quietly walking down a dark hall when I hear a voice behind me. 

"I thought you might come to see me. Do you think that I am stupid just because I am young?"

As she speaks, all the lights in the house go out. I can see nothing! Suddenly I feel fingers like a vise around my right wrist and other vise like fingers crushing my balls. I scream out in pain."

"You're hurting me, let go." 

"Oh no, it's not going to be that easy. My parents have done a little research and found out who you are and what kind of person you are. They thought it would be poetic justice to let me teach you a lesson. You will do exactly as I say, or I will really hurt you."

I didn't know what to say. This young girl is stronger than any man I have ever run into, and that is saying something. She tells me to put my arms behind my back and clasp my hands together. As I am about to move I feel liquid on one of my hands. I clasp my hands together and, after a few seconds, feel her let go of my balls and my wrist. I move to grab her and find out I cannot move my hands apart. 

"How do you like super glue? Are you feeling comfortable?"

I snarl at her and demand that she let me go, right now. To that I feel wetness on my lips, and small fingers pulling my lips together. I cannot open my mouth. It is then that she slips handcuffs on my wrists followed by leg irons on my ankles. She guides me through the house and I find myself tipped over onto a large sheet of plastic covering a bed. It is only moments before the center of the chain on the handcuffs is tied to the foot of the bed. Very shortly after that I feel my feet being pulled toward the bottom of the bed. I can hear the metallic sound of a ratchet and feel my body being stretched taught. The next thing I feel is her super gluing my eyelids shut. I'm beginning to become very worried. It is then that the light is turned on. I can tell that because of the reddish glow I can see through my own eyelids.

The next thing I feel is the tearing of my clothes. She isn't cutting them off me, she is simply tearing the cloth as if it were made of paper towel.. 

In only a few moments I find myself totally nude, solidly fixed so that I cannot move, and with the feeling of someone playing with my cock and balls in a most provocative way. She expertly opens a small opening in my lips so that I can speak again. She speaks to me. 

"This month at the full moon, and that happens to be tonight. That is I will go through my first full change. It is tradition for one who is coming of age to feast upon a victim that they, themselves, have caught. My parents agree that you will fit the bill very nicely. You think I am younger than I am. Our kind age very slowly. I was twenty-one tonight. Tonight I become a full member of our clan."

"Who are you?" I ask through my barely open lips.

"You'd be much further ahead by asking what I am. You see, I am not human. Our kind has been with humankind for well over a millennium now. We live very long lives. My parents are currently over two hundred years old. We keep a low profile because our one real need is an occasional feast of a human. I had traced you to your home after our first on line chat. You really should be more careful. You never know who, or what, you may meet on line. Unfortunately, for you, that lesson has been learned too late. I have been to your home. I have seen your pitiful little dungeon and can detect the fact that you have imprisoned and killed at least six girls there. You have no idea how much easier that makes my job tonight.

Before I can speak she has wrapped duct tape around my head so that my mouth is fully sealed. She takes each of my eyelids, one at a time, and pulls on them so I can see her and what she is doing. She is beautiful, and nude. She smiles sweetly at me and opens her mouth so that I can see the sharp incisors, fangs if you will. She has started playing with my cock and balls again. I am building an erection when I see her licking her lips.

I try to scream as I feel my genitals being bitten off. Before passing out the last thing I see is her smile as she slowly chewed my nuts and swallowed them.