 1.

Jessie felt the polished steel of the door handle at the entrance to the public safety trailer warm in her hand. The sky was slate gray and a gentle mist fell at a steady pace. Things were not well in the world of Jessie Vitelli. 

The idea of ratting on her best friend, of ruining their friendship, it did not sit well with Jessie. The girl Jessie saw last night was not Leah. Those primal eyes and that inhuman strength when Leah grasped Jessie's arms. A shudder ran through Jessie just thinking about it. 

Still, what was there to do? Go back to the dorm room and go through the motions all over again? Or would Leah apologize. Maybe cry a lot and beg for forgiveness. Explain it all away. 

No matter how hard Jessie tried, she could not make herself believe that fantasy. The way Leah gazed at her the night before, it was not human. 

Then there was another thought. A whisper in Jessie's mind.

Public safety isn't going to help you. No one is.

Over the last day, a chasm of despair had opened within Jessie. Storm clouds hovered on the horizon, bringing only misery.

Jessie snapped out of it and stared at her hand gripping the door handle. 

Do it or don't, but stop moping for God's sake!

Jessie let go of the handle and walked away from the trailer. There was an hour before her next class and we was going to use it well.

She marched down the path towards Odenton Hall, the coed dorm she lived in with Leah, keeping a fast pace lest she lose her nerve. Jessie and Leah lived on the bottom floor, left side hall from the entrance. 

The hallway was empty when Jessie reached it. To her surprise, the isolation was not as foreboding as she expected. The fluorescent lights blasted down from the ceiling, filling the space with a sterile, comforting aura.

She reached her dorm, room 104, and without skipping a beat, opened the door wide. Jessie immediately regretted this as her bravery faltered and the dark roomed opened like an unholy mouth before her.

Empty. No Leah. No one.

Jessie flipped on the light and cautiously stepped into the room. She wished he had not as her eyes adjusted and she saw vast quantities of the slime from the day before. 

There was more now. Smeared against the walls, splashed on Leah's desk, and a ton on the floor. Mingled with the floor slime was something deep crimson that made Jessie gag. 

The smell hit her then. That cloyingly sweet odor that made Jessie want to vomit her brains out. Desperate to ease the smell, Jessie covered her mouth with her shirt and dove deeper into the room. 

She began to gather her backpack and books, all luckily spared contamination and then she noticed it. 

On the floor, half-caked in slime, was a bra. Jessie didn't suppose it was that strange, but it caught her eye all the same. She knelt down and lifted the bra by the part that was not drenched and that's when she saw the tag.

Inscribed in pink sharpie was the name "Megan Jensen".

The chasm within Jessie bottomed our another hundred feet. 

2

Mr. O'Connor's class in the Mirabelle English and Language hall overlooked the red brick path that lead down to the river. Yellowing leaves framed the massive windows which today showed the gloom of early Autumn rain.

Eliza Penbrooke loved the rain. Her favorite times of year were the points right after summer and winter when the sky opened up and drenched the world. Today was not a downpour, but it was a good enough start. 

Lindsay Maycomb, another freshman and Eliza's closest friend in the class, sat down next to Eliza and stretched out her arms. She ran a hand through her blonde, pixie-cut hair and adjusted her hipster glasses before regarding Eliza.

"You do the reading?" She asked.

"Most of it. Skimmed it really," Eliza said.

Her eleven o'clock class lasted for an hour and ten minutes and she was going to feel every single one. Beowulf was not her forte.

Micah Sebring sat down behind Eliza and began to unpack his book bag. 

"Oh, I see you just assumed you were a part of our discussion group after one time?" Lindsay said to him, fighting back a giggle.

"It's a free country and an open seating plan. Is O'Reilly coming in?"

"Out sick. It's a bummer."

"I guess we have an open chair already then," Micah said.

"Try to let others talk this time," Eliza said. "After all, you were such the motormouth last time."

"Hey, I hadn't read the chapter, you guys had. Besides, you handled it swimmingly." 

"Thanks," Lindsay said. "Such a meaningful response."

The clock hit eleven on the dot and Mr. O'Connor moved to start class, reaching the small wooden podium as the door creaked open. In the doorway, Eliza saw Leah Bardot, only the usually quiet, modest sophomore looked almost unrecognizable.

She sauntered in, making sure that everyone in the classroom got a good look at her curves, all of which were on display. Leah wore a skin tight tank top with a plunging neckline that left nothing to the imagination as well as black yoga pants. 

The way Leah scanned the room made Eliza uncomfortable, as if the girl were a predator on the lookout for prey. Then Leah's eyes landed on the open seat behind Lindsay and Eliza felt her heart sink. 

Great. 

Leah flashed a devious smile and plopped down right behind Lindsay.

Mr. O'Connor seemed determined to ignore Leah's entrance and introduced the prompt for the class on the whiteboard. Monday's class, he explained, would be entirely discussion-based with Wednesday featuring an in-class lecture guided by the results of the discussion. With that, he dismissed them to form groups.

"Mind if I join," Leah asked the second Mr. O'Connor dismissed them.

"The more the merrier!" Lindsay said, seemingly unphased by Leah's presence.

Eliza felt herself growing anxious, but she couldn't nail down why. 

"Alright guys," Lindsay began. "I think I should be discussion leader. My dope Star Wars shirt obviously makes me the coolest member of the group."

Lindsay motioned to her R2-D2 shirt, one of her favorites.

"Wow, I never would have known you were a Star Wars fan," Eliza sneered, trying desperately to regain a sense of normality with Leah hovering within the group. 

"I'm more of an ironic fan," Lindsay said. "I totally don't own every extended universe novel."

"I've got to say, this is a lot more entertaining than talking about Beowulf," Leah said softly.

"I know, right!" Lindsay responded. "We should just watch the original trilogy and have that be the class. Boom! I get an A. You all get an A. We all leave and get lunch." She banged on her desk for emphasis, prompting everyone to stare at her for a moment.

"I've never seen them," Leah said. "I would be game."

"You've never seen Star Wars?!" Micah interjected.

"Never."

"Well this is a travesty," Lindsay said in mock rage.

"I haven't either," Eliza added.

"Psh, that doesn't surprise me," Lindsay said.

"Well at least that makes two of us," Leah said, suddenly focusing her entire attention to Eliza.

Eliza suddenly felt very flushed and woozy. Leah's eyes dug into her skull and Eliza swore they glimmered a bright green for just a second. 

What the hell is wrong with me? Eliza thought desperately.

Then, as soon as the strange trance began, it lifted. Leah refocused on Lindsay and Micah and Eliza was left feeling a little hot under the collar, but otherwise fine. 

They started into the discussion, Lindsay taking the natural, yet awkward lead. Eliza expected Leah to continue her coy little act that for some reason seemed so strange and frustrating, but the girl instead fell into a sullen quiet.

As minute after minute passed, Eliza noticed Leah squirming in her seat and looking increasingly uncomfortable until finally the girl stood up.

"I'll be back," she said, before walking out of the room.

***

She reached the toilet just in time. Her parasitic child could wait no longer.

Leah plopped onto the seat and began to rock back and forth, riding the waves of pleasure and pain as the strange organism began to emerge from her womb.

Inch after hot, slimy inch began to emerge from between Leah's pussy. She gazed at the strange creature as it came into view, still fascinated by massive changes her body had undergone. 

What is this thing? Leah wondered. What am I? 

Whatever Leah had become, she wasn't the only one anymore. Leah thought of Megan Jensen's supple body squeezing into clothes that had once been loose. What a site.

The creature dropped from Leah's pussy and splashed into the water, swimming about in agile circles like some kind of eel. This one looked very similar to the one Leah had put inside Megan. A thick, phallic head and dark, ribbed shaft of a body.

Leah watched the creature and suddenly felt a deep connection to it. It was of her. A child of sorts.

Feeling a sudden impulse, Leah willed the creature to stop its frantic swim. It responded immediately. 

That's useful, she thought.

***

"She's been gone a while," Eliza said to no one in particular.

"Probably an upset stomach," Micah said. "She seemed pretty out of it."

"Hopefully she'll come back soon. I drank way too much coffee this morning and beyond feeling like a hummingbird on cocaine, I've got to pee like a fire hose."

"Do fire hoses pee?" Micah said.

"I was taking creative liberties, gosh Micah."

"Why don't you just go. Maybe knock on the door. She doesn't get to hog the bathroom all day," Eliza said.

"Maybe," Lindsay responded. "I really have to go. Wetting my pants is definitely not one of my discussion leader duties."

"You never know," Eliza said.

Lindsay stood and started towards the exit. A minute later, Leah walked back into the room, seeming revitalized.

"Sorry about that," she said. "Where were we?"

"Oh, something something Beowulf. Something, something Grindle," Micah said.

"Hmm. So specific."

"Totally," Eliza said. "So what did you think of the chapter, Leah?"

"I'll be honest, I didn't read it."

Typical, Eliza thought. 

"What I'm hearing is that we talk about NOT Beowulf for the rest of class then?"

"That's the spirit," Leah said. 

"Sure," Eliza followed, desperately wanting Lindsay back. 

However, the minutes ticked on and Lindsay did not return. Eliza began to feel a creeping worry.

Maybe she's feeling sick too? But she just had to pee.

"Are you okay, Eliza?" Leah asked.

"What? Oh, fine. I'm just wondering what happened to Lindsay. She's been gone a while."

Leah gave her a little, knowing smile that chilled Eliza to the bone.

"I'm sure she's doing very good."

After class, Eliza stepped out into the hallway and moved against the flow of students heading to lunch towards the small women's bathroom at the end of the hall. 

Eliza swung open the bathroom door, not sure what to expect on the other side. It was empty. 

The single stall in the small bathroom was cracked half open, revealing nothing but a dirty toilet seat that glistened in the dim light with something.

A viscous green substance splattered the porcelain rim of the toilet and the brown tile below. 

"What the fuck?" Eliza whispered to herself.

She began to notice more of the stuff in the bathroom. The goo trail continued out of the stall diminishing until it was only a few droplets at the doorway. 

There was no trace of Lindsay. 

3

Damnit, she thought. Too late.

Jessie paced down the hall, hoping her head would clear a little bit. Without thinking, she pass through to the other side of the dorm, the bottom right hall. 

She rounded the corner and promptly stepped in a puddle of vomit.

In front of Jessie was a pale, disheveled young man speakers out on the tile, vomit dripping from his mouth. 

"Jesus," Jessie yelled. 

What the hell are you supposed to do in a situation like this? Jessie dashed on the hallway and rapped on the door of the hall RA. No answer. She was having the best luck this morning.

Suddenly, Jessie heard a loud shuffling from behind her. She reeled around to see the boy coming at her with a frenzied look in his eye.

"Whoa, watch it," Jessie yelled, stepping back cautiously. 

The boy threw up a hand and began to talk in a slurred, half-drunk way. 

"W-wuhWait," he said. "Yah-you. You're her roommate."

Jessie felt a bolt of electricity run up her spine. She stepped forward, suddenly energized.

"Leah Bardot?"

"Don't. Don't know her name," he said through heavy breaths. "Just know you're her roommate."

"What about her?" Jessie said, her voice rising to a tremor.

"She-we-she did something to me. We. We uh," the guy trailed off, struggling to find the right word. 

"What?" Jessie said, practically screaming.

"Intimate," the guy whispered. "She did something to me."

Jessie ignored the gross comment and and pushed on. 

"What did she do to you? What did she do?"

The boy murmured something unintelligible before collapsing onto the ground. Jessie, seeing the writing on the wall, jumped back as a new torrent of vomit spewed onto the ground in front of her. 

At that moment, Jessie heard quick footsteps pattering towards them. Jessie looked up to see Felicia Owens, her own RA, approaching. 

Felicia was a gorgeous but nervous girl who always hunched as if the weight of the world was desperately trying to turn her into a hunchback. Her delicate golden curls were all pulled back into a bun save for one lock that bounced between Felicia's eyes with each rapid step. 

"Oh God," Felicia said, covering her mouth with her hand. 

She dashed over and knelt beside the boy, asking Jessie a rapid fire series of questions as she did so.

"What's wrong with him? Has he been like this long? How do you guys know each other," she rambled.

Jessie explained what happened and Felicia just nodded before turning her attention to the boy, who was in no position to answer questions. 

Eventually, they managed to get the boy up on his feet and walked him back to his room. Felicia used her master key to open the room and help the boy in. 

Once the boy was placed in his bed, an accomplishment that came with considerable effort, Felicia stepped out of the room to call public safety. 

Jessie watched over the boy, feeling more dejected with each passing moment. All he did now was stare at the ceiling and mutter the same phrase over and over again. 

"She did something to me." 

Public safety arrived and Jessie told them her story, sans what the boy said about Leah. Afterall, Jessie had made her decision. The public safety officers got the boy on his feet and walked him off to the health center, leaving Jessie and Felicia alone in the deserted hallway. 

"Thank you for the help," Felicia said. "I don't know what I would have done without a helping hand." 

"Thank me? You're kidding." 

"Trust me, just having the company helped. I hate this part of the job." 

"Are there any parts you don't hate," Jessie said. She regretted it immediately, but could not take it back. 

Felicia did not seem bothered. 

"I like helping people. Helping them get situated, solving problems. Just being a friend and a support. The paperwork, the write-ups, the-" Felicia gestured at the puddle of greenish black vomit on the floor. 

Jessie noticed the color and snapped to attention, remember the goo within her room. 

"Hey, do you think you could help me?"

Felicia brightened, her sad puppy dog eyes growing wide and happy. 

"Sure, what do you need?"

Jessie filled Felicia in on some of the details, leaving out Leah's attack from the night prior. Felicia nodded along, the momentary sparkle fading rapidly. 

"This is really not good," Felicia said. 

"It's something," Jessie shrugged. "Look, I just feel weird about going to that room alone right now. Mind coming with me while I pick up some stuff?"

Felicia agreed and they walked across the dorm to Jessie's room. 

"You weren't kidding about the slime. Gosh, it's everywhere," Felicia said, stepping into the room. 

Jessie tiptoed in after her and started to collect her backpack and a handful of school supplies and other materials. She was not anticipating coming back any time soon. 

"Doesn't it stink too?" Jessie said. 

"What?" Felicia asked, looking genuinely puzzled. 

"The slime. It reeks. Gives me a headache and an upset stomach." 

Felicia sniffed the air and shook her head. 

"It actually doesn't smell that bad. Kind of sweet." 

"To each her own, I guess," Jessie said, making for the door.

She looked back and saw Felicia prodding around the room, seeming to take inventory. The girl's tennis shoes were already plastered in the gunk. 

"I'm going to need to call maintenance about this. Just be warned, Leah will probably get a write-up. You're fine. It doesn't sound like you had anything to do with it." 

"Nope," Jessie said. She had a feeling that a write-up was the farthest thing from Leah's mind right now, if she still had a mind. 

"Alright. If you see Leah, tell her to come find me."

"Sure thing," Jessie lied. "Can you let me know if you find her first?"

"Yeah, sure thing."

"Thanks," Jessie said. "Oh, one more thing."

"What's up?"

"I found something of Megan's in the room. In the-goo or whatever. I think she might be involved in this too now."

Felicia turned her full attention to Jessie. Her eyes were big, like those of a puppy. 

The girl really did not wear stress well.

"What was it? A notebook or something?"

"It was more intimate."

"Got it," Felicia nodded. Well I'll keep an eye out for her too. You do the same. I'll be honest, this is freaking me out."

"Yeah. Me too."

Felicia departed down the hallway at a nervous hustle leaving Jessie to her thoughts. 

She felt worse now than before. The pit in her stomach was a hundred feet deeper and growing by the second. Jessie knew she needed to do something before that hole swallowed her completely. 

4

This was all she ever wanted and more. The boy of her desires completely enraptured to her will, to perfect body and sultry demeanor. To Megan, it felt as if she were riding a little slice of heaven. 

With each thrust of Brad's hips, Megan bounced, and with each bounce, Megan's breasts jiggled wonderfully, sending spikes of pleasure running up get spine. The young college girl was in complete sexual overload, riding the boy of her dreams like there was no tomorrow.

Yesterday, Megan had been a nervous virgin desperately trying to doll herself up for whichever boy gave her a little attention. Oh how things had changed. 

Megan watched herself in the full-length mirror on the back of the dorm-room door and drank in what she saw. 

She was so hot! Not just cute like someone's little sister. Not just pretty. Full blown, fucking hot.

Megan's curly brown hair was longer and wilder, cascading down a pale, toned back. Where her hair ended, her full, plump ass began. She ran her tongue along her full, red lips, enjoying the pillowy softness.

Then there were her tits. My what a pair she had now.

Megan remembered the years of stuffing her bra just to try and keep up with the other girls. Up until yesterday, Megan's breasts had been the same since ninth grade. 

Not anymore!

Megan cupped her new assets lovingly, relishing the intense jolts of pleasure the contact brought forth. Her breasts had grown so big so quickly. She had to be a d-cup at least, maybe even bigger!

Brad picked up his pace, quickly approaching orgasm. His seventh orgasm. 

Megan felt a part of herself, deep within, encircling Brad's member, pumping it full of stuff to make him last longer and get harder. 

This thing within Megan was the reason for her lovely rack, amongst other things. Megan remembered the feeling of it thrusting into her virgin pussy. There was the sensation of being stretched, agonizing at the time, as something wet and warm slithered inside the girl.
