 (Long) Author's Notes:

Well this took even longer than chapter five. Goddamnit. 

This chapter (along with chapter seven) have to set the record the most rewrites I've ever done on a work. I literally have dozens of pages that ended up on the cutting room floor, so to speak. 

Chapters six and seven are a pair and essentially cover the same span of time. Chapter seven was originally going to be chapter six, but I realized I needed to show more of the story. 

Chapter six will not resolve the cliffhanger from chapter five. I'll answer that right now. However, fear not, because most of chapter seven is written and will be out next week. 

I'm working on a blog or something, but for now, that'll have to do. 

Anyways, I hope you guys enjoy!

*****

1.

Evan Sherman whistled Yankee Doodle as he entered the hallway, trying his hardest to not go insane. 

It was his fifth week as an RA and he already had a body count. He walked by Brad and Arthur's room and felt a shiver run down his spine.

Evan stopped and stared at the door, whistling louder than before. The words cascaded through his head like rushing water. 

Yankee Doodle came to town, riding on a pony, he stuck a needle in these kids and turned them to baloney. 

He turned away from the door, away from the death and gloom, and that's when he noticed the open doors. 

There were five doors open in his hallway. Most were opened about a foot, but one was wide open. This alone wasn't strange. College kids do as college kids do, but what made it weird was that not a single one of these rooms with open doors had the lights on. 

Evan stepped over to the closest room and pushed the door open. In each bed was a lump nestled under the covers. 

Stepping closer, he saw that neither lump was moving. No ride and fall of breath, no fidgeting. Evan's blood turned to ice water. 

He stepped over to the bed on his right and pulled the covers down, revealing a pale, lifeless face that looked more like Halloween mummy prop than a human being. 

Looking over to the other bed, Evan saw the mummy's twin. He touched the forehead. It sure felt real. 

Evan stepped out into the hall and began to whistle Yankee Doodle again. Reaching for his phone, he dialed 911. It took two tries his fingers were shaking so badly. 

2. 

"You're choking me," Hades said. 

His belt was looped around his neck and tied to the bed frame. Duct tape bound his hands and feet. 

"If I was choking you," you wouldn't be able to say that," Lindsay said. 

She was admiring the top drawer of the boy's dresser, running her fingers along the bottles of pills and liquids. Then she picked up the handcuffs. 

"Now why didn't you tell me you had handcuffs? It would have made things so much easier, Hades baby!"

"Fuck you," Hades said. 

Lindsay ignored him. She walked over to his desk and pulled out his wallet. Opening it, she slipped out his student ID. She began to laugh like a hyena. 

"Your real name is Merryweather! That's so fucking fitting," she said. 

Hades began to struggle against his bonds. From the looks of it, the tape would not last. 

"Calm yourself," she said, placing her open palm on the college boy's exposed chest. 

A soft green light emanated from her hand and suffused into the boy's chest. All of a sudden, he began to breathe heavily and his eyes rolled back into his skull. A massive bulge appeared in his underwear. 

Lindsay reached down and began to squeeze Hades's cock, causing him to buck and scream. Suddenly, Lindsay felt warmth and wetness in her fingers. 

"And that's how you do it," She said as she secured the handcuffs on Hades's wrists. 

"Fuck," the boy yelped. 

Lindsay added another layer of tape to his ankles, tightened the belt, and then gagged Hades. 

"Now, let's see what we have in your chest of wonders, shall we?"

Lindsay pulled out several feet of rope, a large bottle of chloroform, a bottle of what were most likely roofies, and an ornate switchblade. 

"God," Lindsay said. "You really are a creep. You're lucky, you know that? I could probably kill you, but I'm supposed to be careful."

She blew a raspberry and thumbed the button on the switchblade before mounting Hades. 

Under her, the boy squirmed. He was skinny as a twig, but had enough wiry strength to easily overpower Lindsay if not for the restraints. 

Carefully, Lindsay ran the tip of the blade down Hades exposed chest, pressing just hard enough to leave an angry red line on his pale skin. 

"Keep struggling and I might actually stab you," Lindsay giggled. 

"Don't worry Hades, baby. Or should I call you Merryweather? I'm going to call you Merryweather. I think we're past a causal relationship."

Hades tried to scream, but the tape turned it into a pathetic, muted groan. 

"Hmm, maybe I'll fuck you later. Seems like a waste to drain you right now. You haven't even explained your toys to me yet."

Lindsay hopped off Hades and paced around the room, inspecting every little crevice. Under the bed, she found a cheaply made katana - probably from a carnival stand or something equally skeevy, she figured. Still, it was sharp enough. 

I'm Hades desk drawers, she found stacks of condoms, another pair of handcuffs, and a bottle of viagra, which made me Lindsay nearly tumble over in peels of laughter. 

He's got an entire rapist starter kit in his dorm and he can't even get it up, she thought. How pathetic.

"This is too funny, Merryweather. I think I need to bring a friend."

Lindsay pulled out her phone and texted Emily, feeling a tingle run through her at just the thought of being reunited with the stunning redhead. 

Hades began to struggle against his bonds once more, but the handcuffs were too much for him. 

"Just you wait till you see my friend, Merry. You might not struggle as much."

3. 

Across campus, Emily Bloom's phone chimed from across the room. 

"Who is it?" Megan asked. 

Emily checked. 

"Lindsay. Oh holy shit," she said. 

"What?" 

"You know Hades? That creepy dude with the skull earrings and shit?"

"Yeah, he drugged Ashley Miller last year, fuck him. Why?"

"Lindsay's got him, she wants me to come over."

On Megan's bed, the girl moaned softly opened and her eyes slightly. She had been in and out of consciousness. 

"Hi sleeping beauty," Megan said, caressing the girl's naked chest. 

Already, the girl's small breasts were starting to expand. They felt fuller than the last time Megan had touched them. 

The girl turned away, blushing bright red. 

"It hurts," she said softly. "Help."

"No can do," Megan answered. "It's a little late for you."

Megan looked at the girl's belly and saw a slight form bulging under the skin. Scanning down further, she watched as green slime trickled from the girl's swollen pussy. 

"She really did a number on this girl," Emily said, coming over. 

"It's not much of a surprise. I put a real monster in her. So she became a monster. It seems consistent."

The girl began to writhe on the bed, arching her back and expelling more slime onto the sheets below.

"It hurts!" She screamed suddenly. 

Megan cupped her palm on the girl's mouth to silence her and with the other hand pressed her back into the bed. 

"It didn't hurt like this," Emily said. "For me, that is."

"Same."

All of a sudden, there was a loud squelching sound as a trio of slender green tendrils erupted from the girl's pussy. They waved in the air, sensing the world around them. Each seemed to move with a mind of its own. The head of each one leaked slime that glowed in the dim light of the dorm room. 

"Jesus," Emily gasped. "We don't have that, do we?"

"Apparently Felicia is more special than we thought."

The girl kicked her legs and arched her back again. She tried desperately to scream, but Megan would not let her. The three tentacles shot jets of the glowing slime onto the opposite wall and then the girl went limp. 

"Do you know who she is?" Megan asked. 

"I think her name is Lily. I haven't talked to her much."

Megan looked the girl over.

She was out cold, breathing deeply. Slowly, the tentacles retracted back into the girl's pussy. 

"Anyways," Emily said. "I'm going over to see what Lindsay's done with the creep. Do you want to join?"

"If I'm in the same room with that bastard, I'm going to kill him. I won't even fuck him. I'll just kill him. Besides, I have someone more interesting right here."

"Fair enough," Emily said. "Let me know if Felicia comes back."

"She won't. She has that thing between her legs to keep her busy."

In the distance, they suddenly heard approaching sirens. 

4. 

Professor Vanessa Pierce hunched over Sarah's shoulder and skimmed the document on displayed on her laptop. Her brow was furrowed with a look of concern. Jenny watched this, feeling a growing sense of trepidation in her heart.

Sarah was a wreck. She was pallid, skinny to the point of wasting, and the deep circles under her eyes made her look like a raccoon. All of this decay because of her goddamn senior project. 

It made Jennifer want to lash out at Pierce, Sarah's advisor, but she knew that was wrong. Vanessa Pierce was a lot of things, but cruel wasn't one of them. She was a good advisor to Sarah and an even better friend. It wasn't her fault Sarah picked a major way outside of her capabilities. If anything, she was Sarah's lifeline.

"I can't accept this," Professor Pierce said, shaking her head. 

"No, I know," Sarah responded quietly. "This is just my draft."

Professor Pierce gave Sarah a warm pat on the back and smiled. 

"That's fine. I can still give you pointers. There's enough to work with."

At that moment, the doors to the small classroom swung open and Molly Dubois marched in, followed by two girls Jenny didn't recognize. 

"Hey Professor P," Molly said briskly. 

She turned to the girls behind her. 

"Just chill here for a second."

Then Molly disappeared into the back laboratory. For several seconds, everyone in the room settled into an awkward silence, finally broken by Professor Pierce. 

"So, do I have a pair of future biologists here?"

Pierce was a tall, slender woman with a kind of perfect elegance to her. She was graceful in movement. Her hair, black as pitch, was almost always put in a tasteful bun; sometimes she even worked a pair of chopsticks in for fun. She wore simple glasses that only improved the poise she showed to the world. 

It would have all been somewhat intimidating if not for the woman's kind eyes and kinder soul. She was open to everyone. 

The pair looked nervously at each other. The short, slim Africa American girl then said proudly: "Biochemist actually."

"Oh, well we'll be getting to know each other pretty well then. I'm Professor Pierce."

The professor extended her hand and the other girl shook it eagerly. 

"I'm Erin Stephens," she said. "I've heard a lot about you from upper class men."

"Oh no, that makes me nervous," Professor Pierce said with a little chuckle. 

"Don't worry, this upper classman says she's awesome," Sarah chimed in.

"I'm an English major and even I can agree," Jenny added.

The other girl blushed hard and let out a nervous giggle.

"Way to throw me under the bus Erin, jeez," she said. 

"Aw, not a fan of biology?" Professor Pierce asked.

"Or science really. Or math. Or engineering. Or anything like that," the girl said timidly. "I like art!"

"Art is cool too!" Professor Pierce said. "And your name is?"

"Melissa Lee. Nice to meet you!" 

The girl seemed as effervescent as a shaken up can of soda in the sterile classroom. Jenny found it all cute. 

"So," Jenny interjected. "What were you guys up to that had Molly rushing to the lab?"

Both girls were suddenly quiet. They stared at each other, both looking for the other to take the lead. The chubby Asian girl, Melissa, especially looked unsettled. 

"I'm," Erin began. "It's really hard to explain."

"Oh?" Professor Pierce asked, raising an eyebrow. 

"Yeah," Melissa said. "We found something weird around campus and Molly is checking it out. An egg thing."

Erin shot Melissa a sharp look for running her mouth. 

"An egg? Did you find it in the river? I can probably identify it," Professor Pierce said. 

"It wasn't in the river. It was in a dorm," Melissa said. 

"Near a dorm," Erin exclaimed suddenly. "We found it near a dorm, probably a bird egg or something."

Melissa glared petulantly at Erin, but said nothing.

"Molly and Hunter are up to some weird joint senior project. They've basically been obsessed with it for the last week, but they haven't said much about it," Sarah said. 

"Yeah, I haven't either," Professor Pierce said, suddenly seeming concerned. "Maybe I should check out this bird egg you found in a dorm."

"Around a dorm," Erin said meekly. 

The professor ignored this and made her way towards the lab at the back of the classroom.

5. 

"I can't believe you come from Dunwich hall. All boys dorm, more like all apes hall!" Ellie said.

Jon shrugged. 

"It's not too bad."

"I guess, if you take away the stink and all the creeps making it!"

"If only!"

The couple reached the entrance when Ellie recognized a figure standing at the door.

"Lindsay!" She squealed, pulling the girl into a tight hug. 

"Hi Ellie."

Ellie pulled away and her eyes widened as she took in the view. Lindsay was squeezed into a skin-tight AC/DC tank top and her creamy cleavage seemed liable to escape at any moment. 

Looking back, Ellie noticed Jon looking as well. She blushed hard when she noticed this. 

So what if she didn't have massive boobs and didn't act too cool for school? 

"What are you doing at this rat hole?" Ellie asked, trying to pull herself together. 

"Oh, just visiting a friend of mine."

Lindsay seemed to look Ellie up and down, sizing her up. Something in her eyes, something hungry, made Ellie uncomfortable. 

Ellie pushed back her mop of curly golden hair and adjusted her skirt, keeping her eyes on the pavement. 

"I'll be right back, babe," Jon said, giving Ellie a peck on the cheek. 

"Hurry up," Ellie whispered. 

Jon disappeared into Dunwich hall, leaving Ellie in the deafening silence with Lindsay. 

"So, uh, how are things, Linds?"

"Never better El. Really, never better. What about you? Is Johnny boy treating you right?"

Lindsay stepped closer as she said this, coming to only a few feet from Ellie. She was taller than Ellie, draping the girl in her shadow. 

It was quiet around Dunwich hall as the last cicadas had finally disappeared with the first week of October. However, Ellie could hear the somber wail of ambulance sirens in the distance.

"Jon is great. I'm so happy!" Ellie said, trying to cast some sunlight on the dreary night.

She fidgeted with her denim dress and dug her right toe into the dirt, trying desperately not to look directly into Lindsay's eyes. She had to avoid that hunger. 

"That's great to hear," Lindsay said. 

The girl stepped even closer to Ellie, stopping inches from her. In her presence, Ellie felt very small - like a child in the presence of adults. She got that feeling a lot and she hated it. 

Lindsay cupped Ellie gently along the cheek, running her slender fingers forward along her jaw. Ellie froze and looked directly into a pair of eyes that now blazed green.

Suddenly, a warm, tingly sensation burst from where Lindsay's fingers touched, seeping into Ellie's flesh. It seemed to fill the girl, spreading to her whole body, especially between her legs. 

Ellie's legs buckled and she felt her whole body go numb. Her vagina suddenly throbbed and she felt a slight bit of wetness forming. 

"What's the matter Ellie?" Lindsay asked softly, her lips less than inch from Ellie's own. "You seem stressed."

"I-I feel strange," Ellie said. 

She felt so weak and distant all of a sudden. The world seemed at a remote place beyond her ability to care. 

"I know, sweetie. Let's help you out."

Lindsay wrapped her hands around the girl and pulled her into a soft kiss. It was wet and sweet and the taste was indescribable. Jon never kissed her like this. 

Suddenly, Lindsay moved both her hands to Ellie's chest, massaging the girl's small breasts through the rough denim. Hot pleasure exploded from Ellie's tiny, hard nipples like twin atomic bombs. This could not be natural. 

Ellie felt a gush of warmth from her vagina that nearly brought her to her knees. What was this? Did it matter? Ellie closed her eyes and let her body flow against Lindsay's fingers. 

There was a loud creaking of an old door opening and suddenly every sensation stopped. Ellie's eyes shot open and she found herself staring at Lindsay and Lindsay side-by-side. 

"Earth to Ellie! Earth to Ellie! Ground control to Major Thomas!" Lindsay said. 

She was waving her hand in front of Ellie's face and smiling like her old self. 

"What happened? What the hell?"

"You spazzed out for a second there! I thought you were having a seizure or something."

"El, you okay?" Jon asked.

"Fine," Ellie said. "I'm sorry. I don't know what's wrong with me. Are you ready, honey?"

"Yup! Let's roll."

"See you, Lindsay," Ellie said. 

She felt very confused as she walked away. Did she dream all of that? Running through the events, it didn't seem like a dream. 

As she walked, Ellie felt the moistness between her legs. It had to be real. 

5. 

"Am I the only one starting to get a little freaked out by all of this?" Molly asked. 

Hunter held the glowing orb in his hand, feeling the animal warmth and steady throb of fluid within. It was the same color as the slime from the meteorite. 

"Not anymore," he said. 

"Why did I find this in Felicia Owens' room? There were like two dozen of these things, some a lot bigger than these three."

The orb shook slightly in his hand and for a second, Hunter swore he saw a shadowy form within.

"I don't know, but consider me freaked out. I'm just glad you didnt run into Felicia."

"What? Why?"

"I don't know, following horror movie logic, she's already been taken over by the pod people."

Hunter flashed a wry smile at his girlfriend. 

"That's not funny."

The door to the lab suddenly opened and in walked Professor Pierce.

Hunter panicked and tried to hide the orb behind his back. Professor Pierce was unimpressed. 

"I'm faculty. You can't really hide things from me."

Hunter and Molly both flushed. Their entire ost week had been hiding things and now the jig was up. 

"Sorry professor," Hunter said. "I don't really know how to do this, but here goes. Do you know what this is?"

Hunter held the orb out to Professor Pierce. She came closer and eyed it, but did not touch it. 

"Is this a prank?" She said. 

"I wish," Molly answered. 

The looks on both their faces seemed to convince Pierce. She took the orb from Hunter and held it up to the light. Inside, the could all see a faint, oblong shadow within. 

"Well," she said. "It's definitely alive, whatever it is. That's my intuition at least. I mean the obvious thing to call it is an egg, but I feel like I might be jumping the gun. I've done that before." 

"Does it look like anything from this world?" Hunter asked. 

Pierce gave him a puzzled expression. 

Molly pulled out the other two eggs and set them on the table for Professor Pierce to see. 

"What he means is have you ever seen anything like this before?" 

"I meant what I said," Hunter muttered. 

"I've never seen anything like this before. That's not saying much, there are countless species on Earth and we're discovering new life all the time. I wouldn't expect coastal Virginia to be the place, but I've heard of stranger things." 

"There might be more to the story," Hunter said. 
