 Author's Notes: 

Well this was a doozy. By the end of it, this chapter is 119 pages. This seems excessive, but every time I tried to end the chapter, more material crept up. 

For the most part, I'm happy with the results. I won't spoil anything, but I will say that I moved the story along in a way that I feel keeps things interesting while still delivering much needed fan service. 

As always, I love hearing your feedback. 

Thanks and I hope you guys enjoy!

1.

The girl held Haley close from behind. She heaved with excitement in Haley's ear, only causing the college freshman to reach new heights of terror. 

"How did I miss you before?" The girl asked in a husky voice. A voice thick with grotesque pleasure. "You're putting out energy like a goddamn nuclear reactor. All of it coming from right here."

The girl tapped the fingers of her left hand gently against Haley's forehead. With her right, she gagged Haley. 

If only she struggled, Haley knew she could break out. The girl didn't feel that strong. A good jostle could probably break Haley out of the grip.

The headache was back, however, and this time it was utterly overwhelming. The pain was so intense that Haley felt like vomiting. 

All the while, Haley could smell the sweet, musky odor of the girl behind as she writhed against Haley's backside. 

"I want to savor this, but I can't really help myself. This little guy certainly can't help himself much more, so open wide!" The girl said.

Haley felt fingers curl around the fabric of her cotton panties. Suddenly, her underwear was torn away and she felt something hot and fleshy writhe against her buttocks. 

Ice cold terror overtook Haley then. That thing rubbing against her was an abomination. It was unnatural. It was monstrous and it wanted her. 

She desperately tried to scream, but it was useless against the girl's muffling palm. 

Suddenly, Haley heard another voice. It did not belong to her attacker or anyone she recognized. All she knew was that it sounded female.

"I'm sorry," the voice said. 

Suddenly, there were several loud snapping sounds. Haley's attacker tumbled backwards and let go of her. Haley fell forward and gasped in fresh air. 

Her lungs burned and her heart raced and at the moment of release, Haley screamed louder than ever before. Her wailing cry cut across the campus, echoing out across the river. 

The awful, unholy mass of flesh was gone now though, and relief was already pulsing through the disoriented freshman. She stumbled to her feet and whirled around. 

Hunched over Haley's attacker was a blonde, athletic girl who was delivering several more hard strikes with what appeared to be a club or something. The brunette assailant writhed on the ground as blow after blow struck her skull and eyes. 

Haley stared slackjaw at the scene. The girl on the ground was sprawled out and from this angle, Haley could see she wasn't wearing panties. Normally, Haley would have blushed and looked away immediately, but her stupor kept her eyes fixed. 

From between the brunette's legs, something emerged. It was about five or six inches long and about an inch and a half thick. It glistened in the dying light and it's color was that of rotting swamps and stagnant pools. A sickly greenish black. 

It slithered out of the brunette's vagina and began to make its way through the grass towards Haley. The girl only stared. 

At first, the snake-like thing awkwardly dragged itself along, but after a few seconds, it picked up speed and improved its coordination. 

There was no mistaking it now, the creature was making a beeline for Haley and it was moving fast. 

Something inside Haley suddenly erupted, screaming at her to run away from this creature. She yelped and began to stumble backwards. Her foot caught a rock and she tumbled to the moist ground. 

The terrified freshman, eyes wet with tears, scrabbles backwards, but the creature was faster. It reached her sneaker and began to coil its way up her leg. 

Haley screamed again, feeling the warm, sinewy beast moving along her pale flesh. Given where it had come from, she could tell where it was going and the thought horrified her. 

"Help!" Haley screamed. 

The blonde girl looked up midswing and began to run over.

"Shit!" 

She completed the blow and bolted over, nearly sliding in the mud and falling on her ass in the process. 

Meanwhile, Haley tried her hardest to repel the awful creature attempting to enter her. She tried grabbing it, but it was very slippery. Trying to kick it off was just as futile as it gripped her skin tight and was already too far up her leg. The only option seemed to block her vagina with all her might, and that seemed like a losing battle with how agile the creature was. 

The blonde finally made it over and stared frantically at Haley. 

"Do something!" Haley screamed. 

The blonde raised her club and brought it down hard on Haley's leg where the creature was slithering. White hot pain erupted in Haley's thigh.

"Not that!"

"Shit, sorry," the blonde panicked. Then she brought down the club again.

"Fuck!" 

Fresh tears trickled into Haley's vision.

"Well it's working!"

The creature was no longer moving up Haley's thigh. Instead, it jittered and spasmed as if stunned. 

"Just get it off me," Haley demanded. 

"Fine," the blonde said.

She bent over and grabbed the stunned creature and with a tight grip, yanked it off Haley's leg. For a moment, it everything seemed alright. The blonde stepped back, holding the slimy bulk with both hands. Then all hell broke loose. 

In an instant, the work sprang to life. It aimed its fat head directly at the blonde's face and sprayed a jet of green slime in her eyes from an unseen orifice. 

The blonde screamed and stumbled backwards, flailing wildly before hitting a tree hard. The back of her head slammed against the tree trunk and she tumbled onto the ground, groaning. The worm was already slithering up the girl's arm, having found a new target.

Haley scrabbles to her feet and stared in wide eyed horror. The scene seemed to play out in sickening slow motion as the creature worked its way down the girl's shirt. 

For her part, the girl was in full on panic. She desperately tried to repel the creature, but she was blind and it was already under clothes and moving fast. Another few seconds and it would find its target. 

Haley suddenly felt a surge of energy. Headache be damned, she owed this girl too much. She rushed forward and grabbed the blonde's club, which had tumbled to the ground with the fall. 

Looking closely, Haley could see the lump of alien flesh working its way over the blonde's belly, getting close to the waistband of her shorts. 

"This is going to hurt," Haley said. "I'm sorry."

The blonde didn't have a chance to respond as Haley immediately drove the club down on the lump with all her might. 

The girl howled in pain, but the lump slowed its progress. Haley followed her first blow up with two others and immediately dove down. She pulled up the girl's t-shirt, revealing the stunned creature over her pale, toned midriff. 

Haley seized the creature in her hands and without hesitation, tossed as hard as she could into the woods. Good riddance.

There was a moan from behind Haley. Turning around, she saw her attacker writing on the ground. 

"We need to get out of here," Haley said. 

Every bone in her body was telling her to run. 

"Fuck, you hit me hard," the blonde whined. 

"Yeah, to save you! You did the same damn thing, now on your feet."

"I can't see!"

Haley could see that a mess of sticky goo the color of lime jello obscured the entire top half of the girl's face. It was layered on thick.

Using her skirt, Haley wiped off most of the stuff, though the blonde was clearly still struggling. Haley helped her to her feet, grabbed the club, and pulled the girl down the hill by the hand. 

In the woods near the path, the worm slammed into a tree and fell to the rain soaked earth below. For a few seconds, it twitched erratically, stunned by the blow. Then it recovered and began to slither through the grass and bushes like a snake. 

2.

The four of them stood speechless for the better part of a minute. Given the circumstances, it was nearly impossible to find any words that fit. 

Then the girl that was not Erin's roommate shut the door behind her, the cold, short click of the mechanism indicating it was locked. Then the tension seemed to dissipate and things began to unwind. 

"Uh, Lily?" Erin asked. 

Her roommate looked drugged, staring at her with those bright, piercing green eyes. Those were new. Erin had seen Lily's glaring blue eyes enough times to know. Both girls must have been wearing colored contacts. 

However, the eyes weren't the only difference. With her roommate being completely nude, Erin was shocked to see how much the girl's figure. The curvaceous body and full, gravity defying globes Lily showed off were the last thing Erin ever would have expected. How did she seem so slim under her clothes? 

Erin recognized the girl as Megan Jensen, one of her hallmates. Although they had only spoken in passing, Erin knew Megan to be one of the popular sophomores, insofar as popularity was a thing in college. She didn't seem like the type of girl to barge into another person's room carrying whatever the hell it was in her hand. 

Lily let out a soft whimper and grasped at her belly. She looked like she was ready to hurl. 

"What's happening. Something's moving around," the girl moaned. 

Megan stepped over to Lily and stroked her hand along the girl's back. In her other hand was a slimy, writhing mass of dark flesh that was alive in the most unsettling possible way. Erin's eyes kept flashing between it and her roommate, both sights utterly mesmerizing. 

"Don't worry honey, you're just about to give birth!" Megan said with soft glee. 

"What?"

Lily looked horrified. She clutched her belly tighter. 

"Just follow my lead," Megan said. 

Then the girl turned her attention back to Erin and Melissa. 

"Erin, what's going on?" Melissa asked nervously, backing away from Megan. 

Erin look from Melissa to Megan to Lily. The surreal nature of the moment was inescapable. All of it, especially the twitching, oozing worm spiraling up Megan's arm, made Erin want to pinch herself and wake up from the bad dream. 

"Both of you are about to receive a gift, does that answer your question?" Megan said.

She closed in on Melissa slightly, maintaining of vice grip on the slipper creature between her fingers. Erin watched Melissa reach into her pocket and pull out the pink bottle mace attached to her keychain, keeping it ready at her side. 

At that moment, Erin realized that things were accelerating out of control. A voice inside spoke to her. 

You want to be an RA right? Defuse the situation and show you've got what it takes. 

Erin stepped across the room to stand next to Melissa and gently placed her hand over Melissa's. That mace needed to be a last resort. 

"Guys," she said to the girls in front of them. "I really don't want anyone to get hurt. If this is some kind of prank, you know early halloween, that type of thing. If you're just messing around, please let me know." 

Megan threw her head back and giggled loudly. There was something cold and hard in the way she laughed that chilled Erin. Still, she pushed on. Erin never gave up on a chance to prove herself. 

"Megan, right?" 

"Erin," Megan said. "Oh you are adorable." 

"Okay, you don't have to be rude." 

Melissa pushed Erin's arm away and started to lift the mace. Panicking, Erin grabbed her friend's hand and held it down.

"I'm not trying to be rude," Megan continued. "It's just funny to watch you. You really are a goodie two-shoes." 

"What the fuck is your deal?" Melissa snapped. 

Megan ignored Melissa and instead held the arm with the worm coiled around it up to her face. To Erin, it looked like the creature's movements were getting more and more erratic. 

"What'll it be, sweetie? The oblivious goodie-goodie or the moodie Otaku?" 

Erin could feel the tension in Melissa's arm. How long would it be until the girl snapped and did something foolish? 

For her part, Erin was beginning to feel a deep, sinking feeling that this was a lot more than a joke. This girl Megan seemed psychotic. Maybe she drugged Lily? 

"Okay, Megan. Lily. Guys, I'm going to need to call public safety. I'm feeling threatened and I know Melissa is to." 

"Erin or Melissa," Megan said to the worm in her hands. "I guess you don't care, as long as you get a warm, wet slit to go up." 

"Warm wet what?" Melissa asked. 

Megan was not someone to reason with. Hell, she seemed on the verge of getting dangerous. Erin turned her attention to Lily. The girl looked half physically ill and half high as a kite. Still, she was Erin's roommate and possibly the last option to de-escalate this strange, unreal situation. 

"Lily, as your roommate, I'm asking you to please have Megan leave." 

"Stop talking, please," Lily whimpered. "I-oh god I need it." 

From between Lily's legs, a gout of greenish fluid sprayed onto the floor. Erin gazed at the mess in growing horror. 

That's when Melissa lost it. She pushed Erin back and brought her arm with the mace to bear. She aimed point blank and sprayed several pulses and Megan before the girl had a moment to respond. 

Megan screamed and tumbled backward, flailing her arms to get the burning liquid away from her. In the process, the worm that had been coiled around her hand flew through the air and landed right in the middle of the room. It immediately began slithering towards Erin. 

"What the fuck is that thing?" Melissa screamed, spraying the worm with her mace. 

The creature was unphased and continued to make its way towards Erin. Melissa turned and readied her foot to stomp the creature dead when a body collided with her, sending her to the ground. Her shoulder connected hard with the tile floor, sending vibrations down her arm. 

Erin watched in horror as her roommate, naked as the day she was born, mounted Melissa. Slime oozed from her vagina, splattering her creamy thighs. Something else was coming from the girl's crotch. Something as wriggling and alive as the creature nearly at Erin's foot. 

It was at that moment that Erin lost it. Panic took hold, driving out all reason.

Erin slammed her foot down on the worm below her as hard as she could. She felt the resistance of supple flesh against her heel as well as the creatures horrible, incessant movements. 

Bringing her foot down again, Erin heard a loud clap of her heel making contact followed immediately by a loud squelching noise. Erin felt the body of the creature give out. One more stomp and it would be done for. 

Erin slammed her foot down and heard an enraged voice call out from across the room. 

"Goddamnit, you idiot," Megan screamed. 

Her green eyes streamed tears. She was already starting to get to her feet. 

From below her, Erin heard the sound of Melissa struggling against Lily. Glancing over, Erin watched an unreal scene unfold in front of her. 

Lily had three distinct tentacles squirming from her crotch, each one roughly a foot long. The tentacles danced across Melissa's exposed belly, leaking a fluid that almost seemed to glow even in the bright dorm lights. 

Melissa was struggling to keep Erin's roommate at bay, but her eyes were getting more vacant with each second. Something was happening to her. 

Erin rushed forward and gave Lily a hard push. To her surprise, Erin managed to send the girl tumbling over. Melissa moaned softly, her belly covered in glowing slime. 

"Oh crap. We need to go, Melissa!" Erin cried, extending a hand to her friend. 

Melissa lifted her hand and gently grasped Erin's wrist. She was panting heavily and seemed to be struggling to stay awake. 

"Where do you think you're going, you prissy little bitch?" Megan said, her voice full of venomous fury. 

Erin watched everything unfold in slow motion. Megan was getting to her feet, looking ready to murder someone. Lily was rolling over and eyeing both Erin and Melissa hungrily. Melissa was on her feet, but barely. She was clutching her crotch and looked red in the face. 

Face it girl, you are running out of time. 

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. Warmth and strength flooded Erin. This was her chance. 

If she could get past Megan and open the door, then her and Melissa were home free. Whoever was on the other side would help. 

Erin took a deep breath, summoned all her courage, and charged forward. While Megan blocked her way, the girl was not in good condition. Her vision was clearly severely hampered by the mace and she looked ragged. This only pushed Erin to move even faster. 

As Erin got to Megan, the half-blind girl lunged at her with both arms. Seeing this coming, Erin ducked and thrust her shoulder into Megan's chest. She felt the girl's soft breasts shake as she made contact. 

For a sickening moment, Erin felt Megan push back and she feared she wouldn't get through. Then the force became too much for Megan and she tumbled backwards and to the right.

I did it! 

Erin cheered herself on internally and lunged for the door without a second's hesitation. She opened it to find an attractive girl with shortcut blonde hair and glasses staring back at her in the doorway. The girl's eyes blazed with the same green flame as the other two. 

All Erin had time to think in the second after opening the door was a short, sickening no. 

Then the blonde in the doorway drove her fist into Erin's gut and pushed her onto her back in the dorm room. Stepping into the room, the blonde closed and locked the door, set down a backpack, and descended on Erin. 

Erin tried desperately to get to her feet, but the blonde was on her before she could make any headway. The girl was strong and fast and had Erin pinned completely in only a few seconds. 

"Help!" Erin screamed. "Oh God, please help!" 

"Shut her up!" Megan cried to the blonde girl. 

The blonde girl slammed an open palm down hard on Erin's mouth, muffling her screams. 

"Grab the bag," the blonde said. "I have duct tape and rope." 

A moment later, Megan was by the blonde's side and grabbing Erin's arms. Erin tried to fight with all her strength, but she was a small girl and she had two people restraining her, it was a losing game. Megan and the blonde girl secured several strips of duct tape around Erin's wrists, binding her hands. Then the blonde slipped a strip over Erin's mouth. 

Erin felt hot tears in her eyes. It just was not fair. She had been brave. She had acted like a leader for a single moment and what did it get her? 

Suddenly, Erin became aware of more squelching noises from behind her, as well as two distinct voices moaning. Erin angled her head back to try and see and immediately regretted this. What she saw horrified her. 

Lily was on top of Melissa again and now had the girl's shorts pulled down past her buttocks. The tentacles from before, each one writhing with a mind of its own, were seemingly buried within Melissa.

Megan looked at the sight and then turned back to Erin, beaming. 

"Look at them go," she said. "Your friend's even getting into it." 

Erin let out a stifled scream, but the duct tape muffled it. She could see that Megan was right. She could see Melissa's hips thrusting upwards slightly with each jolt of the tentacles. 

Megan giggled. 

"You don't want to know what your roommate's about to do to her." 

The blonde chimed in. 

"It's going to be a hell of a sight." 

Megan stood up and walked over to the smashed mass of worm-flesh on the ground a couple feet away. She picked up a single clump of flesh and held it up for Erin to see. A fat stream of greenish translucent slime trickled to the floor. 
