 Carmen and Gillian had a kinky relationship, so they decided to have sex in the cemetery on Halloween. So on Halloween night, they walked into the cemetery, arm in arm. Carmen was dressed like a vampire in a short skirt and cape and an old fashioned corset that stopped just below the bosom, leaving her breasts exposed. Gillian was dressed like a barbarian, topless, in leather pants with a big costume sword that she carried over her shoulder. 

It was already dark when they reached the cemetery, and the moon shone overhead. They entered by a hole in the gate partially covered by a hedge and found themselves in the oldest part of the cemetery. All around them were monuments to the dead, statues of weeping angels, obelisks, big, old-fashioned granite tombstones. 

It made Carmen damp just thinking about it. She could feel the death in the air as she breathed in and out the loneliness and the eternity. It made her burn with passion. She grabbed Gillian by the crotch and began sucking on it through her tight leather pants. Gillian moaned and writhed, pushing down on Carmen's shoulders to keep her balance. Carmen looked up from Gillian's crotch and saw a stone angel looking down at her plaintively. Was it only her imagination, or did it move just a little?

"Hey Gillian let's fuck against that statue," she said pointing. "It looks kind of lonely." Gillian laughed. 

"I'm so horny I'll fuck you anywhere," she replied, slipping out of her pants. She was not wearing panties.

Carmen pulled off her string underwear and stood embracing the statue of the angel. 

"Come on, fuck me," she whined, clutching the stone in front of her. "I'm so hot I feel like I'll die if you don't fuck me right now."

"Ooh, maybe I should let you. I never fucked a dead girl before," Gillian replied, taking the plastic sword into her hand. She gently ran it up Carmen's leg up to her pussy and rubbed it against her clit, making Carmen even more damp, teasing her hole by flicking the very tip in and out just enough to make her desperate for more.

"Come on Gillian, don't joke. The dead are listening," Carmen moaned, staring up at the statue.

Gillian took the costume sword from between Carmen's legs and with one great stroke, thrust it up her own pussy. She pumped it in and out, moaning softly with pleasure, then drew it out, dripping with her juices. Gillian put her tongue against the flat side of the blade and ran it along its entire length, savoring the taste of her own secretions.

"Umm, tasty! Do you want some, Carmen? I know you like the taste of my pussy. Lick it." Saying this, Gillian put the sword out in front of Carmen, as though threatening to slit her throat.

Carmen tentatively put her tongue on the costume sword and ran her tongue along what would have been the edge, had the blade been real.

"You know you're standing on someone's grave." Gillian teased. Carmen moaned and began to stroke her clit as she licked up and down the sword.

"Six feet down someone in a coffin is staring up at us, watching," Gillian continued, kissing Carmen's neck. "It makes me so wet just thinking about it."

"Oh, please," Carmen whined.

Gillian inserted one of the handguards up her own pussy, positioning the sword between her legs and securing it firmly in place with her belt, the long hilt facing forward. She thrust the hilt into Carmen's pussy from behind as Carmen leaned against the pedestal.

"Yes, fuck me! Give the dead girl underneath me a good show!" gasped Carmen between thrusts.

"Dead girl? How do you know she's a girl?" Gillian asked, pumping in and out of her.

"Because I'm rubbing my clit against her name plate." Carmen moaned as the hilt of the sword thrust hard in and out of her.

"Bet she was hot," Gillian said, gasping in pleasure as the handguard worked itself in her pussy each time she thrust into Carmen.

"Maybe," Carmen panted. "She was only 18 when she died."

"Any idea what killed her?" Gillian moaned.

"It could have been anything." Carmen cooed. "There were so many things that used to kill people, like cholera, plague and syphilis. It must have been fun to live a century ago." Carmen looked up at the statue and thought she saw a tear drop forming in its eye. Now she knew she was seeing things.

Gillian continued thrusting and Carmen moaned as she rubbed her breasts and pussy against the cold stone. Her pussy was soaked, the juices flowing freely onto the name plate. She loved the feel of the sword's hilt inside her, working her. Gillian really knew how to use it. 

Carmen convulsed, her body reacting to the orgasm that coursed through her. The world seemed to shake around her, and she lost her footing and fell onto the grass, trembling.

"That was so hot!" Carmen gasped, writhing on the ground in pleasure.

"Hey, look over here!" Gillian exclaimed, staring at the statue. The place where Carmen's pussy juice had spilt was glowing with a pale silver light. As Carmen stumbled to look where her girlfriend was pointing, the light began to spread until it engulfed the entire statue of the angel. For a split second, it became so intense that Carmen had to cover her eyes, and when it dissipated, the pedestal was empty, and the angel stood before her. Its robes moved as though there was a wind blowing through the cemetery, though the air was as still as death.

"An angel!" Gillian gasped. She struggled to pull the handguard of the sword free of her pussy, but only succeeded in giving herself one of the most powerful orgasms she ever had. She sank to the ground, moaning.

"I am not an angel," the apparition said sadly. "But only the spirit of the girl whose grave you stand upon. My father had my likeness carved into the figure of an angel when I died so that he could remember how precious I was in life."

"I'm sorry if we upset you by having sex on your grave," Carmen offered cautiously. She'd never talked to a dead person before, and didn't know quite how to act.

"Don't be silly," the ghost replied. "It was really hot. You reminded me how much fun it was to be alive."

"So if you don't mind me asking, why did you come, if not to haunt us?" said Carmen.

"I want you to give me an orgasm," said the dead girl.

"Haven't you had an orgasm before?" Carmen gasped. She was still so horny that she found herself casually rubbing her clit as she spoke.

"No, when I was alive, it was madness to even consider the possibility," answered the ghost.

"Well then, enough talk!" interrupted Gillian, having just recovered from her climax. "I vote we fuck the dead girl."

"I second the notion," said Carmen, fingering herself at an increasing pace.

"Oh, please!" implored the spirit.

"Carmen, why don't you suck her pussy while I watch?" proposed Gillian.

"Damn, this is getting me so horny!" Carmen exclaimed. She approached the ghost and lifted her robes to find an opening.

"Ooh, no panties!" she observed. "Kinky."

Carmen plunged her tongue into the ghost's pussy, and ran it up and down the slit, enjoying the juices that began to flow immediately. She continued to lap at the juices, until the girl's legs began to shake and her knees buckled.

"Oh, not standing up!" the spirit moaned. "I don't think I could manage to keep my balance much longer!"

"Then lay down," Carmen instructed, her face covered in the ghost's pussy juices. The girl promptly lay back onto the grass over her grave, her legs spread apart, and closed her eyes.

"OK, do it," she said.

Carmen lapped at the ghost's pussy like never before, enjoying how sensitive it was and how otherworldly it tasted. Meanwhile, Gillian decided that she wasn't content to just watch her girlfriend pleasure the girl. She approached the ghost's head and placed the handle of the sword, which was still protruding from between her legs, against the spirit's lips.

"Try sucking this," said Gillian. "It will get you even hornier."

The spirit eagerly took the entire length of the hilt, still dripping with pussy juice, into her mouth, and began to suck. Gillian worked her pussy on the handguard, her own juices running down the hilt onto the ghost's face.

The spirit writhed and moaned, gasping pathetically in her pleasure. It was completely obvious she'd never been laid or even gotten off before. Gillian was already having orgasm after orgasm as she used her pussy to push the hilt in and out of the ghosts's throat. Suddenly, the girl clamped down on the hilt and tensed. She panicked, as though she was dying again, twisting and turning as though she could escape the orgasm that was coursing through her. She trembled and shook. When her climax subsided, she lay in the grass, still panting.

"So, how was your first orgasm," asked Carmen, lifting her face from between the girl's thighs.

"Wonderful!" she replied.

"Well, I guess you will be going off into the light now," Gillian sighed.

"I don't think so. Not quite yet," said the spirit, sitting up and looking around. She pointed to a cluster of graves a few feet off. "There are others, my friends. I cannot go into the light unless I see them pleasured also."

"Bring them on!" exclaimed Carmen and Gillian, together. "We'll do the best we can."

The moment the last words left their lips, there was a tremendous clap of thunder, and a cluster of young people in tattered suits and dresses appeared. They seemed to be semi-transparent, the gravestones behind them slightly visible. Carmen counted three men and four women. The dead looked anxious and confused but very horny.

The girl that they had already fucked tried to engage one of her guy-friends in intercourse, but could not figure out how to get his dick hard enough. "Why don't you help them out, Carmen?" Gillian suggested. "I'm sure you'd be good at sucking cock."

"Oh, I couldn't!" Carmen exclaimed ecstatically. "I've never even touched a cock before!"

"Just pretend it's a dildo," said Gillian. "You love sucking those."

"OK," said Carmen. She walked over to the young man and pulled his cock out of his decaying pants, taking it into her mouth. The cock quickly hardened, and it was quite large by the time Carmen stopped sucking.

"Try it now," said Carmen, taking the cock out of her mouth and maneuvering it into the girl's pussy.

The other two men had pulled their cocks out and were stroking them tentatively, watching them harden with curiosity.

"What are you guys so bashful about?" said Gillian. "Haven't you ever had a hard-on before?"

"My father made me wear a spiked ring around my member," said one of the men.

"Damn, that's hot!" exclaimed Carmen, laying down on a patch of grass and spreading her legs seductively. "Just thinking of that makes me so horny. First one to make me cum gets a prize!"

An adventurous-looking young woman stepped forward and bent down to lick her pussy. A moment later, Carmen pounced on the woman, pinned her to the ground and turned around to suck her pussy in a sixty-nine. One of the men tentatively rubbed his dick against her asshole. After a moment of hesitation, Carmen pushed back against his cock so that it slid into her ass.

"Oh, that feels so good!" Carmen moaned as the two ghosts pleasured her.

Next to her, the ghost girl rode her friend's cock, obviously in rapture. She clutched her breasts and moaned in orgasm after orgasm. The man finally exploded in climax, filling her pussy with cum.

Gillian had now relieved herself of the plastic sword. She pinched the ass of one of the remaining girls, who squealed and started to suck Gillian's pussy, and another girl began licking the first one's dripping crotch. The remaining man looked around, as if afraid of being seen, then wedged his dick firmly up Gillian's ass and pumped as though his afterlife depended on it. Gillian moaned and writhed, but yielded to the penetration.

Carmen came quickly, filling the girl's mouth with liberally flowing juices. The man in Carmen's ass came next, his cum dripping onto the face of the girl who was pleasuring her. The man in Gillian's ass came, then Gillian, and then the girl who was sucking her. Each man came at least three times, filling the women's asses, pussies and mouths with large quantities of semen, which Carmen went to lap up. Each woman must have cum at least fifty times, until the grass of the cemetery was literally covered in cum and pussy juice. Just before sunrise, the angelic spirit stepped forward and kissed the couple on the lips, pushing some cum mixed with pussy into their mouths.

"We need to be going now," she said somberly.

"The light?" Gillian asked hopefully.

"Maybe," blushed the spirit, taking Gillian's breast in her hand and giving it a squeeze. "But we'll be back next year, if you're up for more action."

"Deal," said the couple, shaking the ghost's hand to seal the bargain. And as the sun rose, the spirits vanished. Carmen and Gillian took each other's hands and walked out of the cemetery and into the sunrise, their thighs still dripping with juices.