 It would be helpful to read Chapter 1 first otherwise it might be a bit confusing. Other than that, enjoy! Let me know what you think of my second chapter.

*****

The dimly lit living room was coated with broken glass, porcelain and droplets of blood. The stereo continued to play Nirvana quietly in the background of the screaming and moans of terror from my beloved friends.

A musty smell lingered in the air and a sour taste was on my tongue and I gasped and begged for mercy soundlessly. A red solo cup brimming with coke fell on its side, dripping off the counter and pooling into a carbonated brown puddle on the kitchen lino. The harsh lighting off the kitchen glared into my eyes, highlighting the chaotic, terrifying scene laid before my wide, frightened eyes.

The figure above me suddenly stopped molesting me and vanished into thin air, leaving me high and dry. Precariously I lifted my head up, testing to see if the invisible barrier still remained. I lifted my petite frame into an upright position, glancing down at my knee high socks before hopping up on one foot and lifting myself up off the lino, yanking my shorts back up.

I quickly turned my attention to my wounded knee, which had now stopped bleeding. Pulling my sock up over my knee, I hobbled into the lounge, afraid of what I might see. The supernatural presence had relinquished its grip on my friends who were slowly standing up, checking for serious injuries. Ryan was crouched over Sara, scanning her for deep cuts and shards of glass. Fortunately, she'd scathed out without any serious injury and leaning on Ryan, pushed herself up.

The other 3 boys were attempting to repair the furniture unsuccessfully. I tiptoed over to Sara, who shakily wrapped her arms around me, burying her face into my neck.

"I'm so sorry Sara. I- I wish I had known... God, I am such an idiot." I wrapped my arms around her chest. "Whatever it was, it's gone now." I squeezed my eyes shut, fighting back the tears. I had to keep it together for everyone. If I became hysteric it wouldn't help anything. I was terrified but I had to conceal my terror; my shaking probably gave that away.

She wrapped her arms around me tighter. "This is so fucked up. If I hadn't brought that board now none of this would've happened." She paused. "What happens now?" She trembled.

I was silent for a moment. "I don't know. I think it's gone." I prayed this were true.

I never believed that Ouija boards were real. I assumed they were simply a clever corporate idea, cheap to process and manufacture but lured customers in with the supernatural element. It was all a fear of the unknown, I guessed. That was why I had been so quick to participate. I mulled this over in my head while comforting everyone in the room.

I was eager to put this night behind me and send everyone home. It didn't take much convincing from me and soon everyone had grabbed their bags and rushed to the door. Sara had offered to let me stay at hers but I gently declined her offer - I just wanted to clean up as best I could and go to bed.

Jake opened the front door and stepped out the house. Daniel and Connor followed then Sara and Ryan.

"Are you sure you're going to be alright? I feel weird about letting you stay here alone. I can stay here if -" Ryan started. His big blue eyes were filled with concern. 

"I'll be fine, Ry." I stopped him. "Just need to put this shitty night behind me." I sighed. Any other time I would have jumping for joy at the prospect of Ryan staying the night, but right now I just felt exhausted from the nights events. I could feel a part of myself screaming at the fact that I turned down his offer but I pushed that down.

Jake stood a few feet away from the door, fidgeting nervously. "Maybe you ought to call the police." He coughed into his hand. "I mean, they can help. We were attacked - God knows what happened to you in the kitchen." He stared me closely in the eyes after the last word. My mind immediately thought back to that and I shuddered softly.

As though he could read my mind, I looked away from him towards the ground. No one said a word for a minute or so, and then Connor piped up.

"I think it best" He started slowly, "We don't mention this to the feds. Let's face it - they're not going to believe us, they'll think we've taken something like Acid. Then there's going to be questions - questions we don't have the answer to. Questions we may never have the answer to." As he said this he stared at us individually, his eyes serious. 

He was right. Plus, it would kill me if I had to explain what had happened to me. I couldn't go through that, not if they thought it was a load of shit. After a mutual decision of keeping quiet, they left.

I closed the door behind them and stepped back into the house fearfully. I sighed and picked up a broom from the kitchen, sweeping up the broken glass into the dustpan before emptying it into the black bin in my garden. I swept every inch of the carpet, shelves and ledges, checking for any sly shards left over. The mirror was completely wrecked. I knew my parents were going to kill me for that. I couldn't do much about it for now so I slipped a blanket over it. The stereo continued to play quietly and it was creeping me out so I turned it off before switching the light off and heading into the kitchen.

What could I say? 'Oh jeez, sorry Dad, I said Candy man 3 times and the ugly fuck broke the mirror with his reflection.' I snorted aloud at this. I wiped down the sticky counters and finished off the rest of the vodka then chucked the glass bottles into the bin. I collected up the empty beer cans and threw them in too. I took a quick look around the room. That'll do. I gave a collective sigh, throwing the emotions of the night into it.

Hesitantly I switched off the kitchen light, afraid of being in total darkness. I turned on the upstairs light and padded up the stairs, trembling as the emotions of the night caught up with me. I just wanted someone to hug me and tell me everything was going to be alright.

As I reached the top of the stairs a wave of pleasure ran down my spine so intensely that I bent over slightly, whimpering from fear and pleasure. Another spurt of pleasure shot into me. I leant against the wall, sliding to the floor with my knees bent. Suddenly my mound felt hot, tingly with a hard throbbing as the blood rushed to it. Instinctively I let my hand drift to that area and slipped my fingers into the waistband of my shorts and stroked myself deftly through my panties, spreading my legs apart. 

I swirled my fingers around my clit several times, succumbing to the pleasure I was giving myself. I found myself thinking about Ryan, imagining swirling my tongue around the head of his cock before swallowing his shaft, then straddling his waist and lowering myself onto his gorgeous cock and allowing him to fill me up completely and tear through my virginity. My head leant back against the wall, my mouth parting as my lips formed an O shape. I stopped. What the hell are you doing? I thought to myself.

I pulled my fingers out of the waistband and hurried into my room, slamming the door behind me and flopping onto the bed, desperately shaking the sexual arousal away from my body. After a few unsuccessful tries, I groaned and lightly slapped the side of my face. Not bothering to get changed, I crawled under the covers and lay still, willing myself to drift into slumber. My mind and body was racing and I couldn't decide whether I was deathly afraid or oddly exhilarated.

It's hard to sleep when your mind is racing, your pussy is aching for touch and your heart is beating furiously but eventually I found a stressful slumber. Wrapped up in my duvet, I felt safe and yet trapped, protected again like I was 5 years old and hiding under the duvet so the monsters couldn't see me. I tucked my head into my shoulders and pulled my knees up into the arms, forming a small foetal position, before spreading my arms and legs out beneath the duvet.

It was only a couple of hours later that I was awoken by a sudden thud. I peeked out from under the blanket, my heart racing. A groggy voice escaped into the room.

"Wh- What the fuck?" Jake murmured. He looked up at me from the floor of my bedroom, perplexed. A loud bang permeated the walls of my room from the bathroom. Flinging my duvet off, I ran to the bathroom and found Ryan kneeling in the bathtub, donning the same expression as Jake - utter confusion. 

Moments later, several crashing sounds came from downstairs, followed by a loud yelp. Grasping the banister, I flew downstairs. There, I found Sara, Daniel and Connor sprawled at other ends of the kitchen. Daniel stared across at me in amazement while Connor and Sara glanced around uncertainly. I was soon joined by Ryan and James who stood behind me defensively.

I stared around at the five of them, totally confused as to what has happened. I knew this had something to do with the board. I just didn't know what. Everyone began to speak at once, a furious uproar of confusion and fear. 

"Everyone shut up a sec. Natasha; do you know how this happened?" Everyone stared at me. I shook my head.

Jake sighed. "I'm guessing that board has something to do with it." Everyone stared fearfully towards the living room.

"I'm sorry Nat, but given what happened earlier I don't really want to be here. I'm getting some real bad juju." Sara mumbled, biting her short nails into stumps. Ryan suddenly snorted in derision at her.

"Juju? Really? You were the one that decided to use it so you brought this trouble here anyway." He paused for a moment. "If I were you I'd be more concerned as to how you got here in the first place." Sara had no response to this so she scoffed loudly at him.

Since no one knew what to do, all of us headed upstairs into my room, where we all sat in a circle on my bed, wrapping the duvet across their laps. Except for me, everyone was in pyjamas and all of the guys were topless, showing their toned bodies. Sara was wearing a baggy t-shirt with a pair of pyjama shorts.

Since the house was pretty cold, we huddled close together on the bed and pretty soon the collective body heat of the six of us had made the duvet pretty toasty. Since no one wanted to talk about the giant-ass pink elephant in the room, we played "Have You Ever" as a distraction.

"Okay - I got one for you guys. Raise your hand if you're still a virgin!" Sara smirked at me. Sheepishly I raised my hand, much to the surprise of my guy friends. 

"What? No fucking way!" Connor snorted. "How?" He narrowed his eyes at me.

I grinned and shrugged my shoulders. "I haven't met the right guy yet. Or maybe I have and I haven't realised it fully yet." I gave a sly glance at Ryan who was staring at the duvet, pulling at a stray piece of thread then glanced up at me and smiled.

After a moments silence, Daniel spoke up: "Alright I've got an interesting one. Put up your hand if you've got a fetish or kink of some sort." Everyone giggled at this and one by one, everyone raised their hands. "Aw, come on everyone's got to say what theirs is now. No going back!" He laughed. Naturally, everyone refused to speak up first so eventually we carried on the game, most of the questions containing an element of sex to them.

I kept thinking back to Dan's question though and as I stared at everyone, I tried to work out what their kink might be. 

We played the game for a while but eventually everyone started to get bored and drift off so we stopped playing the game. None of us wanted to leave the room considering the events which transpired earlier so we all agreed we'd sleep in here, provided nothing weird happened (aka no 3am groping). Connor and Daniel slept at one end of the room with my large blue fluffy blanket while Jake and Ryan slept at the end closest to my bed, sharing a smaller fleecier blanket between them.

Sara and I slept topsy-turvy on my bed. I tossed a few pillows at everyone and leant my head against my pillow, feeling surprisingly safe now that everyone was together. I sighed contentedly, stretching cautiously so as not to accidentally kick Sara in the face.

A voice called out in the dark. "Still awake?" It was Ryan. I grinned; grateful the room was pitch black.

"Yeah. I can't get to sleep yet. I'm still freaked out." I paused. "Why are you still up?" I stared down at him, unable to see his face, only a silhouette outlined in the darkness.

He let out a small sigh. "The same reason as you." He was quiet for a moment as though deciding on whether or not to continue his thought: "I saw you look at me before, when you said you were holding out for the right person." I could hear his grin, then rustling as he readjusted himself, leaning on his elbows.

I was truly grateful for the darkness right then otherwise he would've seen me blush so hard I turned into a tomato's distant cousin. "Huh. Maybe I did." I bit the side of my lip, smiling. 

Suddenly I heard him rustling again and suddenly felt his hot breath against my face, placing a hand on my cheek he leaned into me and gently pressed his lips to mine, a sweet gentle peck. I kissed back and he kissed me harder, probing his tongue into my mouth and gently searching for mine.

I leant up and kissed him harder, entwining my tongue with his. He moaned and nipped my bottom lip with his teeth, before diving back into my eager mouth urgently. I pressed my lips against his, running my hands through his ruffled hair. He retreated from my mouth for a moment then climbed onto the bed cautiously, leaning over me and finding my lips once again. He moaned again and gently placed a knee between my legs, opening them.

I moaned softly and he worked his way down my chin to my neck with gentle kisses, licking and nipping as he went down my neck slowly. From there he worked his way back up, kissing my lips again and softly biting my lower lip. He placed his hands on my waist then traced a finger across my stomach, softly tracing the small hairs on it. His tongue wrapped around mine and kissed me passionately before tracing kisses down my neck, towards my chest.

He worked his way back up to my lips, kissing his way across my neck so that no part was left untouched. Whilst one hand continued to trace across my stomach, his other hand was resting on my thigh, gently stroking in one spot. I moaned into his mouth.

His hand on my thigh danced upwards, gently stroking the skin. His knee pressed against my mound, spreading my legs further apart. I accepted his invitation and widened my legs, wrapping one thigh around his calf as we continued to kiss. He reached the top of my thigh and stroked the delicate area of skin, while his other hand gently stroked just under my bra.

I gasped into his mouth as he slipped his hand onto my bra and gently stroked through the thin material. His other hand reached between my legs and gently stroked my through my shorts and panties. I moaned again and his tongue wrapped around mine, pressing his lips harder against me. I could feel his abs pressing hard against my stomach.

He grinned into my lips and gently unbuttoned my shorts, carefully pressing his hand down towards my aching pussy. He touched the top of my panties and I jerked slightly, moaning louder into his mouth. 

"I'm going to make you cum, baby girl" He whispered, pressing his lips against my neck. His fingers danced over my panties, finding my sweet spot and pressing down onto it, before rubbing slow firm circles around it and another finger pressing against my wet hole, his fingers barely pushing into it. 

Pulling my legs up, I allowed him to pull my shorts down and my panties so I was left naked from the bottom. He spread my legs apart with my knee and continued to kiss me, his erection prodding against my thigh.

He swirled his fingers around my hole then brought that wetness to my clit to rub around it. He lifted the hood off my clit and tapped it, sending a jolt of pleasure through my body. He kissed me harder and tapped again, sending me to a new level of pleasure. 

I moaned loudly into his mouth and he began to tap me faster, while slowly working a finger into my hole. He stopped tapping and continued circling my clit while pushing his finger slowly into me, then pumped it in and out.

I gasped as he did it, adding another finger to my clit and with one finger he pushed back the hood and with the other he started to tap it again. I spread my legs wider for him and he manoeuvred his hand underneath my bra, rolling my nipples between his fingers and squeezing the small flesh.

He removed his hands from my body a shifted my petite frame so I was laying flat and my legs were parted wider then he leaned over me and met my lips again, quickly stroking and fingering me once more. 

I felt his erection fully now against my leg, pulsating and throbbing constantly. He moaned into my mouth and stroked me up and down between my hole and my clit, sending me into overdrive. He began to speed up his pace, running his fingers between them faster as he started to pant harder. He rubbed my clit harder and firmer and my moans got louder and louder and he pumped his finger into me harder.

I leaned my head back and opened my mouth wider; he began to kiss and suck my neck as I did this, his hand strumming me to ecstasy.

As he flicked, fingered and tapped me to heaven, his hand on my boob continued to pinch and roll my nipple around, cupping the tender flesh around it and squeezing it firmly. He groaned as he did it and kissed my chest, breathing heavily. I came hard, jerking forward then flopping backwards onto my pillow, gasping.

He quickly found my mouth and kissed me, absorbing my moans into his lips. He slowly pulled his hand from my pussy, running it purposely over my clit as he went, making me jerk involuntarily. He kissed me again then cupped my face and kissed me on the tip of my nose, smiling down at me.

"That was adorable Natasha. Bravo. The innocent little girl has become a woman. I loved the way you squirmed!" The unfamiliar voice boomed into the room. Ryan shot up, glancing around the darkness. The voice laughed. "You really think I left? Oh no, no. I'm just starting to have my fun with all of you."

Ryan raced across the bed and flicked on the light switch. The bulb hissed and shot to the floor, smashing. Everyone shot awake, terrified. 

"Let the fun begin."