 Sorry for the wait, guys. A lot's been going on in my life so I haven't had time to submit it. Anyway, here's chapter 3. 

During this chapter, I have changed from one protagonist to 2 points of view. Both characters will write in first person but I'll separate their parts clearly. Also, the second character writes in present tense whereas the first uses past. As always, enjoy and leave me some feedback if you have any.

*****

"Let the fun begin."

You could cut the tension in the air with a knife. Ryan was crouched at the end of the bed. I slowly pulled up my shorts. No one said it - we were all thinking it.

We. Are. Fucked.

No one apart from me had moved a muscle. Everyone rigid in their position, upright, eyes darting in their sockets. The bomb would detonate, we just didn't know when. It had been an eternity since those ominous words were uttered and yet in real time, less than a minute had passed. 

Slowly, Ryan shifted his weight to his knees and climbed off the bed. He was aiming for the window, possibly to jump out. Suddenly he was thrown back and a ball of orange light appeared, illuminating the dark room with its intensity. I watched in horror as the creature from earlier this night appeared, grinning. It turned to Sara, snarling. She gasped and pressed herself to the far corner of the bed, petrified. 

The being spoke again in a thick voice. When it spoke, its skin moved like PVA glue, melting into each sentence. In one word, it was horrifying. "I don't look that scary, do I?" It chuckled darkly. "I can take many forms."

With that, its features began to shimmer and suddenly it morphed into a naked, bony male in his late 20's, with piercing blue eyes and almost-white hair, flopped in front of his eyes. I watched it with morbid fascination, curious as to how it did that.

He turned to me, his voice altered slightly now. "I know you will be comfortable with this shape."

I shuddered, repulsed at his remark. He inhaled and immediately shot to about 6ft. He squeezed his eyes close and muscles rippled and tugged through his skin, forming slightly bulging biceps and abs. With another inhale, he spun and donned himself with a pair of jeans and a plain black T. His feet were left uncovered, with no shoes or socks. When he finished the transformation, he stopped and stared down at himself smugly.

I glared at him. He looked up and grinned at me as I did this.

"You're still a demon!" I screamed at him in a fit of rage. "You almost forced yourself on me! I don't care if we summoned you - you are a piece of SHIT!" I hurled a pillow at him, seething. He laughed at my reaction while the others stared at me in amazement. I leapt off the bed and fisted his chest, shouting obscenities. He caught my wrists quickly and held them to his hard chest, looming above me. I struggled against his grip, tugging away from his grasp.

"Leave my house now. I rescind my invitation. Good BYE." I growled, wrenching myself away from him fiercely. He let me go as I staggered back and fell onto my bed. I sat back up. "Stay the fuck away from me and my friends." I gasped.

Ryan leapt over to me and wrapped his arms around me tightly. I leaned into his chest, gripping his forearms tightly, shivering madly. The creature groaned and vanished suddenly, leaving the room in darkness. I didn't know if he was coming back. I didn't care. 

"Everyone get out now." I barked.

Daniel wrenched the door open and dived for the stairs. We raced after him. Everyone shoved and clamboured down the steps. Jake stumbled into me and I yelped falling to the bottom and landing on top of Connor. It caused a pile up and everyone ended up in a heap at the bottom of the steps, trapped between each other. I wrenched my limbs free from the mess and ran to the door. I opened the vestibule door and shrieked. He was there. I slammed the door and ran for the back door, leaping over my struggling friends. 

"The key - where the fuck is the key?" I yelled, scrabbling around the door blindly. I found it on the counter and jammed it into the door, wrenching it open. 

"COME ON!" I screamed to my friends who were still fumbling on the floor. I found Sara's flailing arm and yanked her out, pushing her through the door. Next I grabbed Jake and shoved him through too. The others quickly righted themselves and raced through the door, following me through.

Sara yanked the ginnel door bolt, hyperventilating. 

"I can't - I can't open it." She cried. I shoved past Jake and pressed myself to the door, gritting my teeth as I jammed my weight into the bolt.

"He's coming." Connor yelled as I threw my weight against it. I groaned and pressed my palms against it. The door swung open. I raced down the ginnel, pressing my arms against the walls. Kicking the last door open, it swung sharply and fell off the hinges. I raced into the street, begging my friends to hurry. 

"Get to the park. Hurry!" I ordered and ran down the dark street, almost barefoot. I ran as fast as my legs would take me then as I reached the playground I stopped abruptly, leaning against the railing to catch my breath. The others soon caught up and did the same, wheezing.

"Nat, we've got no fucking shoes on!" Sara exclaimed.

I stared at her incredulously. "Do you really think I give a damn right now?"

Daniel wheezed against the railing. "We're in some deep shit now, aren't we?" He asked rhetorically. I glanced up at him and nodded wordlessly. He held his head in his hands, muttering softly. I think he was praying. I was surprised at that - he was a strict Atheist. Or so he claimed.

I opened the rusty gate and stepped onto the park, strolling towards the swings. I sat down heavily, sighing. The park was eerie at night, particularly considering what was coming after us. In this moment, I missed my parents.

But how would they know what to do? They didn't even believe Ouija boards were real - strict Atheists, like Daniel. If I tried to explain what had happened tonight, they'd take me to the police station and the mental asylum, in that order. I couldn't risk that. Either that or they'd assume that we'd taken something.

Hell, that's what everyone would think. And who could blame them? It didn't sound very credible. Ouija boards are considered a kids novelty toy by most people. What was I supposed to do? I leant back against the swing and kicked my feet out, starting a gentle swing. If I was religious, I would've prayed to a deity. I think I'm past the point of being saved by Jesus or Allah now. I scoffed out loud.

"You looked pretty lonely here - figured I'd join you." Ryan remarked. I shrugged and leant back on the swing softly rocking it back and forth. I leaned my head on the side of the swing, blinking gently. There was an awkward silence.

My mind drifted back to what happened earlier that night. "I guess things are different between us now then" Not quite wanting an answer. I sat up, putting my hands in my lap and turning my head towards him.

He readjusted himself and twisted the swing slightly so his feet were pointing towards me. "You know I care about you. I always have." He paused to clear his throat. "I don't want things to be weird now. We're still mates. I'm not going to jeopardise our friendship group."

He took my hand. "If we make it through tonight, I promise you that it'll be better next time." He grinned at me. "To be continued?"

I smiled back at him and squeezed his hand. "To be continued." I hopped off the swing and pulled him up. "Come on." I urged him.

He furrowed his brows, following me. "Where are we going?" He questioned. 

I laughed. "Back to that lot, silly. We need to sort out what we're doing." With that, I picked up my pace, pulling Ryan along with me.

Jake grinned at me. "The lovebirds are back then! Having a quiet smooch over there were you?" He chuckled. Ryan looked at him pained while I shook my head in mock-derision.

"'Smooch'? Sorry, Grandpa." I laughed. "It's nice to see you've perked up though." I leant my back against the railing, staring at him.

He chuckled. "Making the best of a bad situation, sweetheart. That's what it is." He stared over his shoulder, towards my street. "Speaking of bad situations - what are we going to do about this one?"

His tone shifted from joking to serious.

I squeezed the railing tighter, biting the side of my lip. I knew he was expecting an answer from me. I didn't have one to give.

Connor spoke up. "We could go back and negotiate with him - well, it. Whatever the fuck he is." He made a noise of disgust.

I raised my eyebrows. "Negotiate! Are you serious? Connor, that demon threw you across the room. He could've killed you. And now, now you want to freaking negotiate?" I spluttered. "No. There is no way in hell I'm letting you do that." I stared at everyone. "Any of you.

"

He went quiet. His next sentence came as a spit. "What the fuck else are we supposed to do, Natasha? That's your house. We can all go home at the end of the day." 

Jake suddenly chimed in. "Actually, we could get teleported to Natasha's again so..." Connor glared at him. "I'll just. Um. Stop talking."

Connor lowered his voice. "Look. This thing is angry. Maybe we've summoned it the wrong way or maybe it's just got a vendetta against teenagers. I don't know. All I know is, it's here, it's pissed and it wants to hurt us."

He walked over to me and stared me in the eyes, gripping my forearms. "One way or another, you're going to have to face him. I know he's hurt you. He hurt all of us. That's why we're going to send him back to hell."

His voice was stern.

I looked away from him and sighed. "You're right." I brushed the hair out of my face. I looked up at him again. "It's going to be dangerous."

He nodded grimly. "I know. It's the risk we have to take."

Malverto (Julian)

They all ran. Pitiful creatures. Humans are so weak, so defenceless. The only thing protecting them is the thin veil we walk against. They pierced the veil and they have suffered the consequences.

But I'm not finished yet. I have met with humans before. Shamans, Priestesses. They had a gift but lacked the strength to wield their power properly. They should not dabble in a world not meant for them. 

I walk through the glass littered carpet. The blood spatters on the wall are so captivating. Violence is beautiful. I have made myself beautiful in the eyes of western humans. I can take any form. I can take anyone, too. I have, over the centuries. Princesses, supermodels, what I want, I get.

This one is different, however. She hasn't fallen for my touch. Nor has she fallen for another mans. This surprises me. But it entices me.

I stroll up the stairs, admiring my handiwork of chaos. I reach the top and head towards her room. I wrinkle my nose in disgust. It doesn't smell of her, it smells of those others.

I walk over to the bed and trace my fingers along the wooden frame. I reach her pillow. It smells of her. It's enchanting. She smells of summer, warmth. A natural beauty. I can smell that boy, too. I clench my fists. The girl is mine. She doesn't know it yet... but she will be. I will have her completely. 

I stroke the pillow, imagining her soft curls covering her perfect, petite shoulders. I growl. I MUST have her. I have waited centuries for a girl like this.

She is like a butterfly, so beautiful and yet so delicate. Humans do not care for a butterfly. They pull off wings for sport, laugh as they maim and destroy something so precious. And yet, violence inflicted upon them is taken very differently. They are a peculiar species. This one is different, however. I cannot harm her as I have harmed the others. 

I groan. I need to fulfil my hunger. I must wait for her to come to me. But for now, I must find another. I depart, searching for my lamb to senselessly fuck.

"Why don't we just shoot the cunt?" Jake exclaimed. 

I groaned and slapped my hand against my forehead. "Gee, what a great idea. Let's shoot something that's not even alive. Or mortal." I leaned back, stretching my legs out from being sat cross legged. 

Sara sighed. "We've been here for hours, guys. I'm starving. Can we just go somewhere to get food please?" Her stomach rumbled accordingly. I smiled at her sympathetically.

"I am pretty hungry." Ryan agreed with her. 

Daniel leant in towards us. "Come on. Let's go back to mine. I'll make some bacon sarnies." He winced at his word choice, predicting exactly what happened next.

Jake and Connor hooted with laughter. "Oh yeah, let's go back to yours and have some scran, eh? After that we'll pop the ol' kekkle on and have a nice brew. Ooh yeah. Sounds smashing." Connor wiped a tear from his eye, laughing loudly.

We were all from Cumbria, born and bred but we liked to pretend we weren't most of the time. It led to some pretty interesting vocabulary. 

We hauled ourselves up and began to walk to Dan's. I glanced down at my feet and sighed - my socks were absolutely coated in mud. Everyone else was barefoot, trampling through the dewy grass.

Thankfully we hadn't bumped into anyone. Soon we arrived at Daniel's, who slid the key into the door and entered quietly, ushering us in quickly. He held his index finger up then dashed up the stairs for a moment then returned downstairs.

"They're all asleep. Come on, I'll whip us up something."

We all stepped forward but he blocked us with an upturned palm. "Wipe your feet first, guys." He grumbled and walked into the kitchen. We rubbed our feet against the mat cautiously then headed into the kitchen one by one, glancing around the homely room. 

It smelt of English cooking, roast chicken and boiled potatoes, carrots and gravy, beef and parsnips. I inhaled the smell, leaning against the kitchen counter. 

Sara padded over to me. "How are you holding up?" She wrapped an arm around me.

I sighed. "Better than I thought I would. Truth be told, I'm more concerned that my back door is wide open right now more than anything. Forget the demon - I don't fancy being robbed."

Daniel shoved a sandwich into my hand. "Bacon and sausage. There's brown sauce in the fridge if you want it." He handed one to Sara too. I bit into it hungrily, the saltiness washing over my taste buds. I wolfed the sandwich down and soon enough I was licking my fingers. 

Ryan was staring at the clock as his eyes widened. I looked at him in confusion and nudged Sara, pointing at him.

"What's up Ryan?" I asked softly. Connor, Jake and Daniel looked up at him.

He responded back quickly, his eyes never leaving the still hands. "Look at the clock. The hands aren't moving."

Everyone's attention focused on the clock. He was right. It wasn't moving at all.

Daniel narrowed his eyes. "Maybe the battery just needs changing. I'll go and grab my phone." He darted into the other room and returned, watching his phone screen intensely. 

"What time is it?" I asked quietly. 

He pressed the lock button continuously, his phone lighting up as he did so. "It-It's not changing. I mean it must be wrong, there's a fault somewhere - I must be... no. It isn't possible. I don't think - I can't -" He stuttered. 

We stared at him, fear growing.

"According to my phone, it's 10pm. On the 1st of August." He set it on the counter, placing his hands on the side of his face. "That was when we used the board, yesterday." He frowned and ran up the stairs then cussed loudly. We raced up after him.

He staggered back. "They're not here. None of them! He's taken my family!" He raced into the bathroom. Connor followed him. 

He wrapped his arm around Daniel's shoulder. "Come on man. Don't lose it. We can't afford to let you go nuts." Daniel leaned against him, panting. 

I crept into the room. "Dan, do you have a computer?" He nodded. "I'm going to find out what's going on, okay?" He nodded again.

I tiptoed over to Dan's room and climbed onto the bed, picking up his laptop. Switching it on, I leant into the pillows and sighed. Ryan, Sara and Jake followed me, sitting across the bed. Ryan led next to me, resting his hand on my thigh. I grimaced at the laptop time: 10:00pm. Same as the phone. 

I clicked onto Google and stabbed in a few words: Ouija board; time alteration; solution. Nothing was coming up except the usual stuff like how to use one safely, horror stories etcetera. Nothing helpful was coming up then one story caught my eye. 

It was on a list of '22 Real Ouija Board Horror Stories.' In the short story, 2 girls were using a board and they had contacted something. Time had seemingly stopped, and after a few hours they fell asleep. They awoke, and time had still not returned to normal so they attempted to contact the spirit again and fell into a deep sleep or unconsciousness.

When they woke up, an HOUR had passed in real time. They were unsure as to how it had happened or what they had summoned but they had never found an explanation. My eye flicked back to the part before they came back to normal time. They had contacted the presence a second time before everything returned to normal. I looked at my friends. They were tired, dirty and frightened. I had to do something. But I couldn't risk going back. 

Connor stepped into the room. "Daniel said if anyone wants a shower, go right ahead. Anyone need one?" We nodded emphatically. I went first and stepped into the bathroom locking the door behind me. I stripped off and chucked my clothes into the corner of the room. They were muddy and covered with day old vodka, coke and other stuff.

I turned on the shower. It sprayed a warm gentle jet of water on my worn out body. I relaxed into it and put my face towards the stream, washing away the mascara and the dried tears. I soaped my body up with a Shea body wash and lathered my hair up with a green apple shampoo, massaging my scalp softly. I stood for a few minutes, letting the warm water wash away the soap and slowly my mind felt at ease. I didn't want to spend too long in there so I hopped out, wrapping a towel around my midriff and tying it at my chest.

I cringed at my clothes bunched in the corner of the room. Maybe Dan had some old clothes that'd fit me. I stepped out the bathroom and padded to Daniel's room, knocking on the door softly. I stepped in, embarrassed at my friends seeing me like this. The boys ogled me and Ryan grinned appreciatively. 

"Have you got any spare clothes that'll fit me? I know it's weird to ask but my old ones are pretty dirty." I placed an arm across my towelled chest, feeling exposed. 

He stood up and cracked his back, yawning. "My sister's about the same size as you. Go into her room, you can borrow something of hers." 

I thanked him and crossed the hallway, opening her door carefully in case she had somehow returned. I closed the door and dropped the towel on the floor by my feet. Stepping over the towel, I walked over to her drawers and opened the first drawer, discovering panties, bras and socks. 

I picked up a white bra and compared it against my small bust. Nah, too big. I delved further into the drawer and pulled out a light blue bra with white stars decorating the edges with a silver gem donned in the middle. I held it up against my chest again. It fit reasonably well. I put it on quickly and pulled out a matching pair of panties.

I pulled them up my legs quickly. In typical me-fashion, I wanted to find a pair of knee highs.

Upon further inspection, I couldn't find any so I settled for a pair of black sheer tights. I pulled them up my smooth calves carefully, not risking laddering them. I found a pair of black socks and pulled them onto my feet.

Now, to find the rest of the outfit. I opened up her wardrobe and to my delight, discovered we were both size 6's. I grabbed a pair of black shorts with studs and zippers, a punk look. For my top half, I got a grey crop top and a black leather jacket. I also found a pair of black skinny jeans which I folded and tossed onto the bed. I grabbed a second pair of socks and panties then folded them up carefully onto the bed.
