 This is Chapter 4, I hope you're enjoying the story so far! If you have any feedback you'd like to leave me, I'd appreciate it. I apologise for the shortness of this chapter, the next one will be much longer! As always, enjoy.

*****

It was decided. They had to summon him. Between the 5 of them, Natasha was prised from Sara and was now tied up in the corner on the room, snarling, black eyes glaring at them beneath her long hair shrouding her face. She was under the influence of the demon - that was the only way to explain what was happening. The only option was to summon him and made a deal with him to save their friend. 

Sara winced, clutching her sore scalp. "How do we summon him?" She glanced over to Natasha fearfully, who was staring at her and hissing.

Connor looked up from the laptop. "We need to sacrifice blood. It has to come from one of us." He sighed. "There's a butcher knife downstairs, we'll use that." 

The other 4 nodded in agreement. "Who's going to do it then?" Jake piped up. No one answered. He huffed. It was funny how after everything they'd already been through, they were afraid to lose a little more blood. "Well?" He pushed. Everyone lowered their faces. He sighed disgustedly. "Fine. Since you're all too chicken-shit, I guess I'll do it."

He moved and Ryan grabbed his wrist. "Stay. I'll do it. Dan, show me where the kitchen is again?" Ryan heaved himself up and Daniel followed him silently. Connor, Jake and Sara stared at Natasha fearfully, afraid of what she might do next. Using Daniel's father's handcuffs, they'd secured her wrists behind her back and wrapped a piece of skipping rope around her midriff, securing her to the edge of the bed. They used the rest of the skipping rope to tie her ankles together so she couldn't kick them either. Trussed up like a prize turkey, she glared at each of them hatefully, spitting and snarling. She wasn't the delicate, peaceful girl they all knew and loved - she was just scary.

Daniel and Ryan returned, carrying the knife. Ryan cleared his throat. "Okay, we need to sacrifice some blood. How do we do this?" He sat down beside Connor, laying the knife on the ground in front of him.

Connor flicked his eyes to the screen and stabbed the keys several times. "'Says here we need to get you in the middle of us, either cut or stab you then wipe the blood across our foreheads. Then we have to repeat this chant to summon him, provided he is a demon." He put a fist to his mouth. "Jesus fucking Christ." 

Jake leant over and put a hand on Ryan's shoulder. "Are you sure you can do this?"

Ryan took a deep breath before answering. "Just do it before I change my fucking mind." He turned to face Daniel and handed him his wrist, squeezing his eyes shut. Daniel stared at him uneasily and raised the knife. All 5 of them watched the blade, eyes wide. He drove the knife down and slashed Ryan across his forearm, coating the edge of the knife in red. Daniel took a dab of blood and rubbed it into his forehead. He passed the knife to Sara, who did the same then passed it to Jake. He sighed shakily and rubbed it on his and passed it to Connor, who took the rest of the blood and swirled it into his forehead. He laid the knife next to him and Ryan moved out the way, grabbing a towel and pressing it to his forearm as he winced. 

Connor sighed and began to chant. "Lirach, Tasa, Vefa, Wehlic." He grabbed Jake's hand and motioned for the others to do the same. The power seemed to intensify as an electric spike ran through them. 

"Renich, Tasa, Uberaca, Biasa. Lirach, Tasa, Vefa, Wehlic." They began to chant together. An unnatural wind rushed through the room as they chanted loudly, the whistle piercing their ears. Natasha gyrated in the corner, struggling to free herself from the restraints and crying out. 

"RENICH, TASA, UBERACA, BIASA. LIRACH, TASA, VEFA, WEHLIC." They chanted in unison. Ryan fled the room and dashed into the hallway, blown back by a strong wind. He curled up in the corner, bracing himself from the intensity while the other 4 continued to chant with increasing speed. He wrenched himself up and grasped the banister, fighting against the wind. The portraits on the wall whizzed past him and smashed into the end wall, splintering into glassy shards. The doors opened themselves and creaked loudly, one flying off the hinges and crashing into the end wall. 

"RENICH. TASA. UBERACA. BIASA. LIRACH. TASA. VEFA. WEHLIC!" They commanded, gripping each other tightly. An unseen force blew them apart and forced them to opposite ends of the room, pushed into the wall. 

Natasha gasped. "Guys?" She stared at them, fright in her eyes. 

Ryan fell into the room. "Natasha!" He was propelled out the room, crashing into the banister. The door slammed shut and Natasha's restrains disintegrated, leaving her huddled in the corner. Sara struggled to move from the wall - she couldn't. He's coming.

The dreaded voice appeared. "How nice of you to tie her up for me, but that really won't be necessary." 

There was a scream and it went dark. Moments later, the light reappeared and the unseen force was gone. Natasha was, too.

Sara burst into a fit of screams. "He's taken her!" Connor wrapped his arms around her sobbing form, his face grim. 

Malverto (Julian)

I have her. I finally have her. My butterfly. She stares at me from the corner of the room, her eyes widened in fear. We are in the exact same place, we are simply on a different plane. She doesn't know that, though. As far as she knows, her friends have simply vanished.

I step towards her and she backs away from me. "Stay away from me!" She cries. She won't make it easy, but that's the fun. I am going to take her, completely. I will fuck her, and she will beg me for more. She is mine.

I approach her and she darts away from me. I block her and she throws herself against the wall to avoid my grasp. I play this game for a few moments but I tire of it quickly. I materialise next to her and wrap my arms around her waist, pulling her into me. She yelps and pulls away from me but I easily overpower her. 

She lashes out at me, kicking my calves. "Get off me! I'll scream!" She struggles against me as I pin her to me, pressing my hips against her back. I utter a spell and quickly she is pinned to the wall, unable to move. I touch her face and gently lean in to kiss her and she presses her lips together. I decide to leave the romance and go straight into moulding her to my will. 

"Shall we play that little game we did at your party, Natasha? The one where I made you wet for my fingers? Oh, wait... I never did put my fingers into you." She stares at me, horrified.

"You're a virgin, aren't you?" My hand drifts to her stomach and swirls across it, fingertips gently brushing against her. She shudders. 

"Please. Please, stop." She whimpers. I place a finger to her lips and let it fall to her thigh, where I stroke her gently. I circle the top of her thigh and I can feel her relenting slightly. I unbutton her shorts and unzip them, tossing them to the corner. I mutter a quick spell and suddenly she is forced onto the bed, laid flat with her knees bent. I stroll over to her.

"Ryan touched you, but I will take you." Her legs are clamped shut as she fights against me. I place a hand between her knees and prise them apart slowly, fighting her as she pushes them together. I use both hands and tug her legs apart, using my knees to secure them apart. I pull her towards me so her crotch rests against mine. I lean over her, placing a palm next to her face while my other hand slips into her panties. 

She gasps and struggles to move away from me but the spell holds her captive. She will come to enjoy this. I rub my hand along her folds, stroking the soft, smooth skin around her inner lips. She cries out, begging me to stop. I reach her hole and slowly circle the outside with a single finger. She goes rigid, her lips clamped together. Suddenly I push my finger up into her and she cries out, squeezing her eyes shut. I pump my finger into her slowly and I feel her body accepting my obtrusion. I circle her clit with my thumb and she whimpers again, refusing to give in. She is amazingly tight. I don't think I could fit another finger in without a struggle. I shudder and relinquish my hold on the spell. She is no longer spell bound and taking me by surprise, shoves me away from her. 

I growl and chase after her. She leaps across the room and backs up against the wall, wrapping her arms around her petite frame. I lunge at her and she darts away but I catch her and pin her to the floor. With one yank I rip off her tights, leaving her with her underwear and crop-jumper on. She pulls away from me, crawling across the floor. I grab her, flip her over and straddle her once again. 

She kicks out at me and I grab her leg, pulling it apart from the other. She grabs at the bed post in an attempt to pull herself away from me but I mutter a quick spell and a rope wraps around her hands, tying her wrists to the bed. She yanks at it furiously, pulling away from me. I slip my hands into her panties again and decide to teach her a lesson for running away from me. I yank her panties to her ankles, spreading her naked sex apart. Without warning I thrust both fingers into her. She cries out in pain. I leave them still in her for a moment, letting her adjust to my slender fingers. I have stretched her considerably.

Slowly I pump them in and out of her while she struggles against her binds. I reach up and begin to stroke her clit again. Her struggles to escape slow and she quietens, closing her eyes. Her juices start to coat my fingers and her body jerks in sexual arousal. She moans and I look up at her, smirking. She stares at me, biting her lip then leans her head back, emitting a noise somewhere between a moan and a whimper. I quicken my pace, thrusting my fingers into her. Her juices flow from her pussy and I stroke some up around her clit. She elicits another moan, louder this time. I circle her clit faster as it stands out erect, begging for attention. She arches her back, moaning softly and spreading her legs wider. I wonder if she's aware of it. I pump my fingers into her steadily, marvelling how she reacts to my ministrations. I hear her mumbling and I lean forward to hear her.

"Oh God, don't stop Ryan, don't stop." I grab her face and turn it to face me. She meets my ice-blue eyes and gasps quietly. 

I retort coolly. "My name is Julian." I slide my fingers into her, never breaking eye contact. "I am finger-fucking you, not that imbecile." She moans loudly and leans back, her mouth opening wide. 

"Oh God, I think... I think I'm- Oh my- I'm coming-"She gasps, moaning loudly. I lean forward to take her mouth and she doesn't fight me. I kiss her lips gently and she kisses back, moaning. I pick up the pace, finger-blasting her. She cries out fervently, gyrating her body against my hand. I finger-fuck her senselessly as she tosses her hair about, moaning passionately. Suddenly she arches her back and her eyes roll to the back of her head, crying out. I continue to pump my fingers into her furiously, dragging out the moment.

She slumps backwards, her head lolling to the side. I slide my fingers out of her sopping hole and brush the hair from her flushed face, her hands still bound behind her. I stare at her and smile. She is one step closer to becoming mine.

Ryan lifted the towel from his arm. "It's stopped bleeding." The others grunted in response, searching the web for help. He walked over to the bed and led on it, thinking of Natasha.

Sara sniffed. "Oh God, I just really hope she's okay. That bastard could be doing anything to her right now."

Ryan tensed as she said this. "I'll kill him if he's hurt her." The emotion was tangible in his voice. He pressed a pillow to his chest, leaning his chin onto it. Sara smiled at him supportively.

They weren't having much luck. They estimated it had been an hour since she was taken. So far, all they could find was the general Ouija bullshit. Keeping it together was the hard part. Everything was so surreal. Up until the night of the party, everything had been so normal. They were a good group of friends, enjoying their summer and lack of responsibilities. It was amazing. And now they were in the most terrifying ordeal of their life, not knowing if they'd even get out alive. It must have been about late afternoon, early evening from looking at the sky. The day after the most chaotic night of their lives was starting to simmer down and yet they'd lost one person already. How many more were they going to lose before this nightmare ended?

Connor piped up. "Guys, look at this. It says here that we can post our own story. Maybe we should and see if anybody reads it. Maybe they can help us."

Jake looked up. "It's worth a shot." Connor nodded and started to type. An essay later, he'd finished and submitted it to the site. They all sat in unison, waiting for the post to be approved. A gentle ping came from the laptop: POST APPROVED. Daniel and Connor whooped while Sara and Jake hugged. Ryan sat, tapping his fingers on his knee. 

"Oh, look we've got a comment!" Sara yelled. She beckoned everyone to the screen.

-Zalbarath: - Pmsl r u on drugs? Thts a bad trip mate. LOL.

-Kenvoodoo: - nice story.

-MyChemicalDivorce: - Clearly you've got nothing better 2 do than waste ppl's time on ur silly little stories. Reported for fabrication. 

Connor glared at the screen. "Those fucking idiots." He slammed the screen shut and stormed out the room. Sara followed him, closing the door behind her.

Jake sighed. "No one believes us, do they? Maybe this is all a trip. Or a really, really bad dream." He leant against the wall, sighing. Daniel reached across and pinched him, hard. "What the fuck, dude?" Jake yelled. 

Daniel stared at him. "If this was a dream, that wouldn't have hurt." Jake scoffed at him and turned away, rubbing his arm where Daniel nipped him. Daniel grabbed the laptop and flipped the screen up, checking for any new comments.

-Valhalla: - Damn man that's sum creepy shit. Nightmare fuel straight up LOL.

-DancingWithAngels: - 4 guys and 1 girl? Gangbang! I bet the other girl is getting fucked so hard lmfao

Daniel groaned in disgust. "I've read enough."

Malverto (Julian)

I stare down at her resting face, stroking her hair away from her cheeks. I untie her hands and lift her slight weight, carrying her to bed. I place her onto it gently and climb in next to her. My butterfly. I reach down to her pussy and stroke her gently, causing her mouth to part slightly. She's still asleep. I rest a finger on her clit, jerking it slightly which causes her to shiver in response. Everything I imagined I could do with her will become a reality, soon. Fucking her up the wall, bending her over the counter, watching as she orgasms for me over and over again - everything will become the reality. Of course I must remain in my human form until she is comfortable with me, but I can wait. We have endless time, now. 

I stare at the sand-glass, smiling. If those fools stay where they are and don't break through to their realm within 48 hours, they will be eliminated and Natasha will be kept here, with me forever. I have waited so long for her and now, I have her in my grasp. Then, I will take her back with me to my realm, where she can have the world in exchange for her to give herself to me, wholly. Penetrating her endlessly, sex marathons, and orgasms she will never experience with a human. I will make her mine. I slide a finger into her, shivering at her velvety inside. She is perfection. I do not care how long it takes - even if I have to tie her to the bed, spread eagle, fuck her until she faints and then some more, she will come to love this.

48 hours until Nirvana.