 Hey guys, this is chapter 5! As always, leave me a comment to let me know what you think :)

*****

I stared across the room silently, leaning to my side. All was at rest, an unnatural calm. Julian had left, I wasn't sure where to. I sighed in exasperation and leant back onto the bed, staring up at the ceiling. I was afraid to leave the room but if I stayed here I'd any longer I'd be climbing the walls. Heaving myself off the bed, I tiptoed across the room to the door.

Just open it, Natasha.

"Fuck it." I swung the door open and shielded my face, preparing for the worst. Disappointingly, I was faced with Daniel's hallway. I sighed nervously and stepped into the hallway. The carpet felt gravelly, almost as though it was a pavement. The wall seemed different, too. I placed a hand on it and it shrunk away from me! Curious, I poked a finger into the wall and watched as it retreated again like a shy animal.

This is just weird. I strolled down the hallway, dancing my fingertips along the cowering walls. I reached the stairs and wondered if they would retreat from me, too. Holding onto the banister, I placed a light foot onto the step. A delicate musical sound emitted from the step! I stood onto the stair fully, swaying side to side on the musical block. I tiptoed down the stairs, a musical cacophony filling the air. I was slightly disappointed when I reached the bottom. I poked the wall and chuckled as it cowered away from me once again. Wuss. I'd already worked out that I was clearly in a different dimension, a place where the laws of physics depleted slightly. Shrinking walls, musical stairs - what else could there be? I danced through the living room, wrapping my arm around stair case and twirling when suddenly a purple vine wrapped around my wrist. 

I snatched my wrist away, freeing myself from the tightening vine. Another vine snaked around my ankle and I pulled myself away, backing into the wall. It shrunk from me and a vine sprouted from the floor, wrapping around my knee tightly. I tugged at it fiercely and a sudden force shoved me to the floor. I scrambled up and another vine wrapped around my other knee, trapping my legs to the floor. I grasped the banister and pulled myself up, straining against the vines in a fierce battle. I could feel them reaching the snapping point. I gritted my teeth and tensed my legs, snapping the vines apart. I staggered backwards and spun around, aiming for the door. I grasped the door handle, tugging it desperately. 

"Come on, come on." I whimpered, twisting it. Turning my head back I saw several more vines appear behind me, coiling into the air like boa constrictors. Fuck it. I stepped back and ran to the door, snapping it off its hinges. A black abyss awaited me, flicks of colour darting in and out the shadows. Suddenly one of the vines struck forward and slashed the back of my leg. I cried out and dropped to my knees. The vine coiled around my leg, dragging me towards the other coiling rope-like vines as though they anticipated capturing me. I grabbed for the door, clinging to it with my finger tips, knuckles turning white. The vine dragged my lower half towards the living room while I hung on desperately, refusing to let go. Suddenly it lunged backwards and my finger tips from the door. It flew shut. The vine dragged me across the hall towards the others. I squirmed and another vine sprouted from the carpet, snatching my wrist in a tight grip. I tossed my head, searching for anything to hold onto.

The vine led me to the living room. My eyes widened in horror. Before me, a dozen vines swarmed around the room, all aiming for me. One gripped my wrist while another wrapped around my thigh. Another wrapped around my midriff while another wove through my hair. The vines wrapped around my body, encasing me. I was trapped. I laid flat on the ground unable to move. Another vine worked its way up my leg and stopped suddenly, in line with my crotch. It jerked and shuddered grotesquely and suddenly a tongue-like object sprouted from it, squirming around frantically. I shuddered.

The vine slowly made its way towards me and the 'tongue' began to squirm around on my thigh. It was slimy, leaving a residue on my leg. It reached my panties and began to squirm across my mound, twisting and turning wildly. I tried to push away from it but I was trapped. A second vine appeared with a sharp tip and suddenly lunged to my panties, slicing them. I screamed. The vine slashed my panties to ribbons, leaving me bare. The 'tongue' lunged forward and squirmed across my naked mound, flicking across my clit.

A second 'tongue' sprouted from the stem and one squirmed across my clit while the other made deliberate flicking motions. I watched in morbid fascination as it reached my hole and slowly began to sink into my hole. It squeezed into me then suddenly started to 'flick'. Despite this horrid obtrusion I could feel myself being turned on, the flicking hitting my G-spot whilst the second tongue squirmed across my clit frantically. I moaned and the vines around me moved across my body tantalisingly, brushing every inch of my skin. As my struggling lessened the 'tongues' sped up, applying more pressure to my delicate lips. I gasped as the tongue suddenly increased in length, becoming more of a phallic shape. The vines around my upper arms tightened and forced them upwards, exposing my armpits. Two more vines appeared and shuddered, sprouting feathers. 

Dread formed in the pit of my stomach. "Oh fuck." The vines dived forward and started to tickle me mercilessly, diving across my armpits with terrible flicks and swirls. I broke into hysterical laughing. Two more vines appeared around my feet and started to tickle between my toes and the arch of my feet. I shrieked, tears forming around my eyes.

I was touched, tickled, flicked on every inch of my body. I could feel sensory overload setting in and my laughing turned to tears, begging, pleading to stop. They seemed to continue their torture for an eternity, endlessly attacking me with their feathers. I couldn't breathe - I couldn't think, not about anything but the endless feather-soft tickling. Vines wrapped around my hips and tickled them, the feathers brushed up and down my squirming feet, feathers swirled around the crevices in my armpits and on the inside of my thighs while the 'tongues' continued to orally assault me. I couldn't take this any longer and I thrashed about, screaming and laughing hysterically. It was the worst feeling I could imagine. The feathers swirled faster, tickling every sensitive part of me. 

I thrashed about beneath my restrains, squirming from their devilish touch. The vines tightened around my arms, pulling them in 2 straight lines over my head. I was completely exposed now. Another pair of feathery vines appeared and dived onto my armpits, flicking and tickling me. This was agony. I could feel my bladder weaken and I knew I'd wee myself if they didn't stop. I let out an ear-piercing scream, struggling frantically as they tickled me torturously. 

"Pl-please! Stop-stop it!" I stammered, tears leaking down my face. The vines picked up their speed. I began to hyperventilate, my airways cutting off as I felt panic set in and my body shut down. The world was slowing down... getting dim.

"DESIST!" A feminine voice called. Instantaneously, the vines leaped from my body and jumped back, almost guiltily. I thrashed on the floor panting, unable to stand. Delicate footsteps flitted towards me quickly and a blanket was placed over me. Strong arms lifted me to my feet while I held the blanket in a vice grip. Shaking, I turned to face my rescuer and gasped.

An ethereal creature with piercing violet eyes and white hair stood before me. Her hair curled to her shoulders and a long flowing dress draped her slim body to her ankles, where it billowed around her pale ankles, blown by an unseen breeze. I stared at her in amazement. She was stunning, an air of folklore to her. She smiled at me and I felt the crashing waves of the ocean, the cool spritz of the sea on my flushed face. I breathed deeply, staring into her eyes.

She raised her hand to mine and clasped it gently. "Come. I am taking you away from this place." She muttered a chant and suddenly I was clothed in a similar dress to hers, except mine had silver thread woven into the edges, glinting beautifully. It was reminiscent of a wedding dress. I slipped my shoes on and followed her, unsure who she was or even if she was here to help me.

I stopped as we reached the door. "Where... where are we going?" I asked breathily. 

She paused. "Only you will take this journey. Your life will be as it was, before Malverto was summoned."

"Malverto? Is that Julian?" I questioned. She nodded. I widened my eyes. "Wait - what about my friends? Will they be safe again?" I stared at her, marvelling at her elfin features.

She stared at me sadly and shook her head. "Your friends are trapped in another plane. It is one of Malverto's creations and I cannot access that - I am not powerful enough to permeate the barrier Malverto has put up around it." Taking both of my hands, she stared into my eyes. "I am doing this because I see good in you, child. I see light. Julian will take that from you, as he has done before... to others." She grimaced.

I lowered my head. "I can't leave them. They mean everything to me - they're trapped there because of me. It's my fault!" I sobbed. She wrapped her arms around me as I wept, sobs wracking my body. She made comforting noises, rubbing my back softly. I sniffled and looked up at her again, teary-eyed.

She breathed softly. "I cannot help your friends - I can help only you. Julian will... bend you to his will and you will suffer terrible things. Malverto is a sadist, capable of dark and dangerous things. He see's you as his possession, a piece of his property." She gripped my shoulders. "You are a fighter. I see that fire in your eyes. He will quench your flame and darken your light until you are reduced to a rubble of his will and toss you aside when you become a living ghost of yourself." She warned. 

I sighed unhappily. "I don't want to stay here - but if I leave I'll never forgive myself. I have to help my friends or die trying." I glanced back. "I won't leave them."

She saw the truth I was speaking. "If you really want to do this" - she started - "There is a way. It is fraught with danger and there is no guarantee you or your friend will make it out alive. You must take this journey at your own peril. Do you understand?" I nodded frantically. She stared into my eyes, reading them. "Very well." She sighed.

She stepped back from me and raised her hands, forming a opalescent ball of light in her eyes. "Open your palms and raise them to mine." Shakily, I lifted my hands to hers, the ball of light reflecting off my hands. "You must take this magic - it is the only way you can enter Malverto's dimension." She made a shaking motion and the opalescent sphere absorbed into my hands. I felt jolts run up my arms and suddenly a wave of intensity rippled through my body. Oceanic waves crashed through my body. I spread my arms out, closed my eyes and leaned my head upwards. 

The ethereal creature smiled. "Now, you're ready." I looked up at her and she uttered a chant; suddenly the door blew open in a hot gust of unnatural air, revealing what was a black abyss now a swirling vortex of vivid lilacs, pinks, blues and yellows. It was terrifying and yet beautiful. My eyes marvelled at the chaotic splurge of colour and intensity swirling furiously. I stepped forward into the unknown and the woman called out to me:

"When you reach your world, the magic will tell you what to do. Trust in yourself and you cannot go wrong. I wish you the best of luck, young Natasha." I turned around and she smiled at me serenely and for a moment, she resembled an angel. She sighed and closed her eyes; a veil of silver cloaked her elfin body and she disappeared into the sky, leaving behind only a trace of stardust. With that, I leapt into the vortex, praying the luck of the God's be with me.

"My nails are so fucked up. I have this beaver-like will and can't seem to stop chewing them. Wow, I'm so damn attractive." 

"Natasha? Earth to Nat, helloooooooo." 

I was sat in my bedroom. It was still light out - must be daytime. 

"NATASHA!" I snapped into reality. Holy shit - Sara! I dived across the bed, wrapping my arms around her. 

"Oh my God, Sara I've missed you so much." I cried. 

She stared at me, perplexed. "What are you talking about? We've been sat here for like, an hour. Are you okay?" She laughed. Suddenly she writhed and jerked, falling backwards of the chair. I stepped back, surprised. She yanked herself up and grabbed my knee. Her pupils dilated and spread to her iris, blackening her eyes. Blood formed across her waterline and leaked down her face, dripping to her pale neck. I yelped, stumbling backwards. Her eyes took the texture of coal as they stared at me, unblinking. She resembled a banshee.

"HELP US, PLEASE." She choked. She began to splutter and cough. I crouched down and grasped her shoulders. She disintegrated into dust. 

"How? How do I help you?" I fell to the floor, placing my head in my hands.

Your friends are not safe. Use your magic. Help them. Although words weren't spoken, I felt the magic telling me what to do. The magic had shown me the reality of my situation - Sara wasn't sat here, with me. She was in peril, like the others. I remembered what the elfin woman had told me - trust in myself. I knew what I had to do. 

I grabbed a bag from the corner of the room and frantically darted across the house, searching for things I needed. Once I had stuffed everything into the backpack, I looked across the kitchen to the knife drawer. 

I knew what I had to do. I needed to eat, first though. I made myself a sandwich and wolfed it down eagerly. I grabbed the carton of milk and chugged it, finishing half of the carton. What else? Ah. I lifted the pizza box and crammed the congealing slice of pizza into my mouth - it wasn't as good as hot pizza, but still edible.

I was still hungry! I wrenched a bowl from the cupboard, ripped open the box of Frosties and poured a large bowl, pouring the last of the milk into it. I spooned the cereal into my mouth quickly, slopping milk on the counter top.

My appetite was satiated, now it was time to sort my clothes. I looked down and sighed at my flimsy outfit - it had been the outfit I wore for my party. I ripped off the chequered shirt and ran upstairs, flinging my door open. Yanking my wardrobe open, I pulled out a pair of black jeans and a large leather jacket. 

I tugged the shorts off and flung them across the room, yanking the jeans over my socks. I then pulled the jacket on and stared at my reflection. I grabbed a bobble and scraped my hair back, removed the earrings and bracelet. I didn't have the doc martens anymore but I did have a pair of hiking boots. I leapt up to grab them off the top of my wardrobe and crammed my feet into the shoes. I stared at my reflection again and smiled. I was ready for action, now. I thumped down the stairs, the boots loud against the floor and stomped into the kitchen.

I drew the butcher knife from the holder and laid it across my palm. Blood has been shed from my friends; blood must be shed from me. Rolling my sleeve up, I gripped the handle and slit across my palm and dropped the knife, gasping in pain. I turned my palm and let the ruby droplets fall to the floor, pooling beneath me. When a sufficient amount was bled, I uttered a word I had never spoken, nor understood. The blood rippled and a flame danced through it, marking a hole in the floor.

I was afraid but the magic soothed me. I had to trust in myself and I knew this was what must be done. I nudged a foot into the flaming blood and it absorbed into the shoe. The blood transformed from a ruby colour to a murky brown. The floor began to shake and it dawned on me: I need the board.

I bounded upstairs, slid the drawer open and grabbed the Ouija board. I leaped down the steps and ran to the spot in the kitchen. I placed the board on the floor, dragged my finger into the blood and made a diagonal slicing motion across the board, smearing blood. The planchette flew from my hand and made frantic figure 8's on the board, just as it did the first time. 

Suddenly a violent burst of wind blew across the room and threw me against the wall. I reacted quickly and crouched low, bracing myself against the force. I lowered to all fours and crawled to the blood. I uttered a quick command and the floor began to disintegrate beneath me. This was the portal! The wind tore through the house, blowing the paintings from the wall and smashing into the sink. The door creaked, threatening to fly off the hinges. I was protected by magic now, but not for long.

"3, 2, 1!" I yelled and leaped into the gaping abyss. 

The air tore into me like knife. I was surrounded by darkness and nothing was heard but the whistling of the furious torrent of wind. I ground my teeth together and curled up, protecting my face. I knew I was falling at an accelerating rate and at this speed the collision alone would kill me. The phrase 'for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction' popped into my head. I had an idea.

Malverto (Julian)

I tear through the house. My butterfly has GONE. She was trapped here - she is no supernatural creature, nor does she possess the magic to escape! If she left her room, the vines would have restrained her. She is no match for them - they are fuelled by the dark magic. I whip my head around. It is clear there has been a struggle - I stare at the nail marks in the wall. I run into the living room and find a pair of panties - hers. They are ripped and torn. I pick them up, analysing the tearing. Aha. The vines have torn these. The scenario unfolds in my mind: she leaves the room, enter the hall. The vines drag her to the living room (hence the nail marks), pin her to the floor and remove her panties. 

I let out a bellowing roar. She has escaped my grasp once AGAIN. I will get her back. I will fuck her, and then I will secure her to the vines when I have to leave her. She will not get away again. 

"You seem a little enraged, Malverto." A snide voice comes from across the room. 

I glare at the elfin woman. "YOU are not welcome here." I walk towards her. "Be gone, Cheyall." 

She huffs and takes a step toward me, putting her hand in front of her and blocking my advances. "You may overpower me in your own dominion, but this is the underworld. I can easily out-do you here, so don't even try." She laughs. "I released the young girl you held hostage here."

I feel my blood boil, coursing through my veins. "You. Did. WHAT?" I spit. I clench my fists.

"She was tortured, Malverto. Those snake-vine-rope things of yours, they were tickling and violating the girl. Her body was shutting down, Julian. You - you claim," she drawls out, "to love this girl, but you leave her to the whim of those vines? To strip her, violate and terrify her?" She exclaims incredulously. "I rescued her; sent her home. You cannot hurt her anymore." 

I stand back. "You lie." I hiss. "She is mine, to do with as I please. If I restrain her the floor, spread her apart and tickle her until she loses her mind and becomes a gibbering shell - that is MY decision. You took it upon yourself to steal her from me." I cannot believe the nerve of Cheyall - to take my butterfly, my human princess, my muse?

She sighs in disgust. "You care only for yourself, Malverto. You are too egotistical to see the error of your ways. I refuse to stand by and watch you torture this girl for the rest of her short life. I have released her as one releases a dove from a cage - there is nothing more you can do."
