 Man, the band was fucking rockin'! It was a great gig. Even the fucking drummer was finally playing like he wasn't smokin' something. I felt it. The crowd felt it. The pit was slammin' and the kids were fucking going shit-for-brains. The only thing distracting me that night was my sister's dancing. The guys in the band pushed me to do it. Let her dance. There she was with her Daisy Duke's and no fucking bra on. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a fucking pervert. I wasn't distracted because I wanted her or anything. She's my little sister. I didn't like the way everyone ELSE wanted her! 

"Damn this is a hot fucking crowd tonight!" I screamed into the mic.

They cheered.  

"What you wanna hear?" I said.

They screamed the name of the song, our only hit so far. I pulled at my beard and looked down at my guitar. I touched my fingers to the string and played the first cord. The kids went fuckin' nuts man! It was like they were ready to eat us alive! Ha, funny considering what happened after that shit. 

I was half way through the intro, a simple guitar riff, but sometimes it's the simple shit that sends you to the fucking top man, I was half way through when my bass player, Ace, came over and poked my side. First I was really fucking pissed! No one fucks with me when I'm in that zone with my music. Then I notice the odd guy pushing through the pit. Kids are elbowing him and then a big skin head slams down on his shoulder and the fucking guy drops.  Dude, I hate this shit. Fights break out all the time at a show but it fucking pisses me off when I'm in my fucking zone man. Fucking kids. Fucking stupid fucking kids.

"Hey! Hey you guys fucking break it up!"  The bouncer pushes through the mass of bodies to try to break it up and that's when I notice another couple of fights have broken out. Some weird shit was going down. Like full moon crazy bug-eyed freak kinda weird. First a fight in the pit and now two more fights but in the back. 

"Whathafuck guys! God damn it!" The bouncer has a guy by the scruff of the neck and he's trying to muscle him out of the pit. The guy twists. The bouncer screams. I remember the fucking scream man. Like a girl. Big fat dude named Ted. I liked him but he screamed like a fucking girl as this ugly guy moves him back and then knocks him over the edge of the stage. Ace and I step back. Shit man, we didn't know what to do. Then we hear the sounds. Fuck I hate remembering that shit.  I don't know if you've ever been in a shit situation but if you haven't man, it goes from bad to fucking worse usually in the blink of an eye. It's like we all walk through life thinking that everything is fucking roses and shit and then suddenly a bus explodes or a car slams into pedestrians or — 

The place erupts in screams and people running. It wasn't a big club, one of our smaller gigs but still there are kids knocking each other over and my band jumps up. My sister runs to the drummer, her latest cock to ride, and he pushes her away when he sees this fucker with an arm missing coming up onto the stage. "Hey fucker! Get —"

The guy doesn't listen to me and grabs Ace by the head and, well man I've never seen anyone's fucking neck bend like that. Guy just — well Ace didn't have a chance.

Kids are running onto the stage. Everyone looking for any way outta that place. I was just looking for my sister. She was curled up in a ball. I'm a big guy, so I run over and scoop her up. She puts her arms around my neck and for a minute she is 5 years old again and I'm her big brother, always protecting her ass. 

That's how the shit started man. Now here we are. Fucking middle of the fucking desert and no where to fucking go. The dead heads have been roaming most of the world for months. Animals are gone 'cept here and there and no people anywhere. No power, no television, no radio, nothing. The desert turned out to be a pretty safe fucking place. The dead heads have to roam through a considerable bitchin' fucking heat to get to us. The ones that make it through the heat and find us get rounded up and put in a pen. Toxic Scott was the one that thought of the shirts.  'I'm with stupid.' 

'Baby on board.'

'I'm a twin'

The shirts were hilarious.

My sister comes walking out of the back room completely fucking naked. God damn it! She has recently shaved her pussy again. It's not so bad 'cept she has pussy lips that hang out like a big red puckered clam and I can't help but look at that shit man. Not only that but she has this cute little petite body that makes guys — anyway, she leans back and stretches. I was trying to keep my head down in the book I'm reading but I have to look over. Her breasts lift up and her thick hard nipples point straight up while her little belly tucks in. She ain't skin and fucking bones. My sister ain't fat 'neither. She has all the right curves in all the right fucking places and a little belly on a girl is like the perfect accent. That shit gives them the sweet little curve from front to back that every guy likes. That's the problem, every guy likes her.

"Why don't you put on some fucking clothes!"  

"Why don't you go jerk off!" 

 "God damn it Lainie. Just because you can do something don't mean you should!"

 "It's the end of the fucking world ROB, get over your shit!" She says my name like that because now everyone calls me Sailor. We all have pirate nicknames. Seemed like the shit to do at the time. 

 "I just don't think you should be fucking every guy we hook up with." 

"Why? You want to be fucking them?"

 "Ha fucking ha. How's the jaw doing? Sore from the big orgy last night?" 

"No ROB, I have years of practice on every one of your friends." She leans forward and sticks her tongue out at me. Sometimes she acts like she is fucking twelve years old. She turns and goes to the fridge. There isn't anything in there but cans of beer and a few jugs of water. The fridge doesn't work either.

"Did you know that scientists say that if all the humans went out like a fucking light that all the nuke plants would explode?"

 "Great, then maybe they'll take out some dead heads when they do." My sister says. She has leaned back against the counter and she has a jug of water she's drinking out of. She holds the jug against one breast. Fuck man. When any girl squeezes a tit and you see it all pressed in like that it gets me fired up. I love big tits and my sister has some nice ones. Too bad every single guy on the planet has felt them. 

 "I wonder if there is a nuke plant near here?"

 "We are in the middle of the fucking desert Sailor, how in the hell would there be a nuke place here?" 

"Shit, I don't know. Just wondering. I don't want to get all fried after having lasted this long."

 "You think of some weird shit." 

Ryder came out of the same room my sister had been in. He was naked too.

 "Damn dude, what is this? A hippy fucking love in?" 

"Fuck you Sailor. Ain't my fault you won't fuck your sister."

 "Fuck you Ryder."

 Ryder smiles. He has two teeth missing from a fight we had with dead heads a while back. He had to jump off the roof of a place and landed on a street bench. He was lucky all he lost was two teeth.

"Looks like someone is still ready to play." Lainie said looking at Ryder's half hard dick. 

 "How bout a blow baby?"  

"Fuck!" I said and turned my lazyboy around and buried my head in a book. I should have just left the room. I got used to seeing her fucking the guys a while back but still it bothered me. I tried to fight them off for a while but when your sister sneaks behind your back and fucks them, it's sorta a moot fucking point.

I heard the sucking sounds and then I heard Fatboy laughing. I turned around to see my sister kneeling like a porn queen between the two guys. She had a cock in each hand and moved from one to the other sucking. Strings of spit dripped down from her mouth and got caught on her tits. I fucking had to adjust because it's been a while. I had a girl. A hot young thing we found trapped in a house back in Vegas. Her father and her had been hiding out for a while. The house was well barricaded. We always stop at places like that. Not usually because anyone is alive but because sometimes they have stores of food. 

She was hiding upstairs when I broke in. She had a gun but I don't think she had ever knocked off a round. The other guys went for the food but I learned a while back that you need to check the place out. Dead heads seem to have this thing about doing shit they used to do. One time I even found one sitting in a recliner with a remote in his hand. I popped his stupid ass before he could even put down the remote.

Karma was the girl's name. I thought that was fucking appropriate. She could have shot my ass. When I burst into her bedroom she had the gun pointed straight where my head would have been removed if she had pulled the trigger. Instead she dropped the gun and started crying. I'm a sucker for a chick crying.

Karma and I hit it off right away. She had this long dark hair that fell almost down to her ass and pale white skin. Dude, I'm a fucking sucker for a raven haired beauty with alabaster skin. She wasn't a day over seventeen if that. I never asked her age. At the end of the fucking world you don't give much of a shit unless they are a kid. Not many kids make it. It ain't like the fucking movies man. The first time Karma and I kissed, my sister didn't speak to me for like two weeks! I couldn't understand it. That's when she started fucking every guy in our merry little pirate gang. Karma and I slept together every night but we didn't have sex. She told me she hadn't had sex and was still afraid. I didn't care as long as I got to hold her every night. I'm not saying my pecker wasn't hard enough to drive nails but I loved Karma and she let me protect her. 

It was when we got to the edge of the deep desert that her and I made love. We found some rich fucker's place, kinda like the one we are in now but not quite as big. Karma and Lainie decided to take a swim in the pool. They both stripped naked and the boys all watched. It wouldn't have surprised me if it had turned into a big fucking circle jerk. I hadn't actually seen Karma naked before. She always wore something when we slept together and all we did was kiss. Sure I fucking jerked off like an 8th grader but I was happy to wait. The end of the world does weird things to your head man.

It was when Karma walked out onto the diving board that I knew I was going to have to fuck her. Her pale white skin actually glowed in the sunlight. Her pink nipples were the only way I knew she even had breasts. Her tight little round ass lifted slightly as she made a couple of bounces on the end of the board. She dove in and I knew I was in love. Lainie watched me. I saw her watching and she crawled out onto the diving board and copied Karma. Her huge breasts heaving up and down as she bounced. The boys liked it but I was blind, my eyes were on Karma coming out of the water. Fuck man. I would have given my life for her.

I laid Karma down on the bed. Her raven hair spilled around her like dark shimmering water. She smiled and put her arms around me. I kissed her and felt my soul leave my body for a moment. Karma always smelled of fresh strawberry cream. I never saw her put anything on. I kissed down her body and closed my mouth over her soft round nipple. Tasted like strawberry cream too. She moaned and pulled me down to her. 

"I love you Sailor." 

"I love you too Karma."  

Karma opened her legs for me and when I came up I saw she was crying.

 "Are you ok baby?"

 "Yeah, it's ok. I just — well I just wish we where married Sailor."

 "You know I would marry you baby. I would give my life for you."  

"I know." She said behind tears. 

 Karma pulled her knees up and she kissed me again, a wet crying kiss. I wish I could be at that moment again. I would have never left that moment. I don't even care about the sex. I just wanted to feel her love forever.

Karma had a small pussy. Behind the cover of little curly black hair and soft pucker of white skin were thin little labia that I had to part with my fingers to even find her pussy. She was soft inside. She was warm and moist and ready for my cock but I hesitated. I wanted to feel the moment last a little longer. 

"It's ok Sailor. I'm not scared. I know that if things were different we would be husband and wife." 

"We are."  

"I know."

 "My wife."

 "My husband." 

Then I pushed the head of my cock between her tender pink little pussy lips and my Karma bit her bottom lip. It had been a long time and I damn near fucking came right then. Her soft light blue eyes looked at me through a pool of angelic tears. I slowly moved until I felt the head and first part of my shaft sink down into her tight little juicy pussy. She pressed her thighs into my sides and I knew that I just had to do it. I thrust forward and forced my way through her virgin wall. I didn't feel it break. She was just fucking so tight. Blood tricked down from her lip because she bit down so hard. I kissed it and licked it up. She pulled me to her and we kissed each other like every second depended on our joining. I didn't last long but I don't think Karma cared. She was in obvious pain every time I moved and so I finished and then pulled her over me. She was small, neatly fitting on top of my body. I wrapped her in my arms and thought that I would never let anything hurt her. We stayed too long in the rich fucker's house. I blame it on the same shit that probably killed the rich people. We got too comfortable with all that crap. Too much swimming in the pool and sleeping in big comfortable beds. We actually acted like nothing had been killing every living person on the planet. Well the slobbering masses of yuppiedom sniffed us out and early in the morning they burst through the doors in huge numbers. I reached for Karma but she wasn't in bed. I called for her and ran out into the hallway naked. I couldn't think of anything but finding Karma.

Gunshots popped. They ain't like the movies kids. Gunshots are loud but they pop fast like huge firecrackers. I heard them popping downstairs and I ran down to see the house filled with zombie fuckers. I ran back up to my room and grabbed my shotgun. I found a shotgun works really well against the fuckers. Popping them in the head doesn't work. Some stupid ass thought that was a good idea when they made those movies but apparently they didn't stop to wonder how dead people could get up and run around eating people in the first place. I don't know how they do it either but it was more than a fucking virus or some chemical shit or a drug made in some lab. These fuckers could crawl around with no head forever. There was only one way to stop them. Burn them or wait for them to rot away. Only thing was, you hit anyone in the chest with the rounds I was packin' and not only did they loose a head but sometimes an arm and half the body. Doesn't matter what supernatural crap is controlling these fuckers, they don't do much damage when they are just a mass of rotten flesh. I ran down the stairs with my baby propped and loaded. Every face that came into view I made sure was oozing before I blew it away. I screamed for Karma and begged for her to let me know where she was.  I found her in the bathtub. Two of those fuck faces were doing god only knows what to my Karma! I pulled them off her and threw them across the room. One didn't even land before I unloaded three rounds into him. Karma lasted three days, three long fucking days. My sister stayed with her the entire time and when I slept, which wasn't often, it was in my sister's lap. When Karma died no one would let me see her. I wasn't sure she was dead. You don't go from living to then dying anymore. Now you go from living to being dead but now being dead means being one of them. I knew in my head she was one of them but my heart was happy to become one with her. 

"Really Lainie! Don't you get fucking tired or something?" I said, coming back to the present day again.

Lainie had all four of the guys around her now. She looked like one of those porn videos we used to watch when I was trying to get through college. On her knees, big tits shaking side to side while she bobbed up and down on every guy's cock in the room.  Lainie's middle finger popped up. As soon as it did one of the guy's came. Unlike the pornos, Lainie didn't let him cum on her face and tits in a big show for the camera. She sucked down on his cock and gulped every bit of that sperm into her lovely little round tummy. She finished off all the other guys and then licked her lips, drank some more water and smiled. 

"I'm gonna go check on Skinny Puppy." Tox said. 

"Yeah, you go fucking do that." 

 "Fuck you Sailor. It's the end of the world. It's ok to tag your sister man. No one here gives a shit." 

"Fuck you." 

 Lainie came over to me and sat in my lap. She smelled a little like seasalt.

"Want to?" 

"What?"

 "Fuck me?"

 "Lainie."

 "Yeah, figured as much."

 "How can you do this shit? Don't you have some respect for like—God or something?"

 "I'm trying to stay alive!"

 "By sucking cock!?"

 "Sure, it's massively good protein. Way I figure it, I'll be the healthiest one of the bunch!"

"You are fucked in the head."

 "I'd rather be fucked in your bed." 

"Ha, fucking ha. Come on, get off my lap."

 "Come on Rob, pleeeeeaaasseee?"  She wiggled her little ass over my cock and he did respond. It wasn't that I was thinking about fucking my sister, I was just responding to a touch that hadn't happened in a long time. I pushed her out of my lap and she plopped on the floor. Her big boobs shook. Damn my thoughts!

"I'm going into the city." 

"WHAT?!"  

"I'm going to the library."

 "You feeling like getting some edu-ma-ca-sion?" Doughboy asked.

"Kinda. I want to find out if there is a nuclear power plant around here somewhere." 

"Why?"

 "Cause, shit-for-brains, those places are guarded like fucking Fort Knox, might be people alive."

 "So what?"

 "People who know shit. Like how to make power." 

"They are dead."

 "Yeah Sailor, all you are gonna do it get us blown up like you said." 

"Still, I'm goin'."

"Then everyone is going." My sister said.  The crew loaded into the SUVs and we headed out.