 Payback Copyright 2008 by madengineer3

Copyright 2008 by madengineer3, All rights are reserved! This story is not to be copied or circulated except by madengineer3 or by means of the Literotica website, and under Literotica's rules. 

I'm having a problem concentrating. I know that something is not right, but I am so comfortable that I'm tempted to ignore it for the moment. I'm not sure where I am, but I seem to be reclining on a nice soft bed, in the dark, in a cozy warm place. I can hear no sounds except for a far away sounding soothing voice.

*

"Are you comfortable Jack?"

I think I mumbled a "yes", but I'm not sure. I just want to sink into this wonderfully soft bed or whatever it is.

"You should be proud of yourself. You tricked them all. You've gotten away with it, haven't you?"

Again, I think I mumbled "yes".

"Exactly how did you do it?"

How did I do it? Do, what? Oh, that. "I used theatrical makeup so my face would seem much heavier and older than it is."

"Not that part. How did she die, and why did she have to die?"

I smiled to myself. "I have a fetish that is hard to satisfy. I like boobs and pussy more than most other guys. I want them preserved so that I can put on rubber gloves and feel them again when the woman is dead. I've got quite a assortment now. There must be a dozen or more large collection bottles in my play room."

"Why do you call it your playroom, Jack? Do you keep games in there?"

Again, I had to smile. "No, it's a room where I play with my new toys; you know, the women I pick up. I have fun, but they don't."

"You didn't tell me how she died Jack."

"Oh, I guess she bleed to death. I was so entranced with those beautiful big boobs that I had to get them into my collection fast. She couldn't make any noise with the gag in her mouth and I removed the parts I wanted to save without killing her first. They were such beautiful boobs, and her pussy was so sweet with the cutely trimmed pubic hair. I guess I forgot all about her still being alive. But, she wasn't alive for long. When I started to remove my toys I guess she started to bleed a lot."

"Doesn't that bother you?"

"Why should it? After all, she was simply a useless woman. All she did any day was go to work, and care for her kids, husband, and father-in-law. What kind of life is that?

"No cares at all, eh Jack"

"None at all. Legally nobody has proof enough for criminal or civil charges. I have the money for extremely good lawyers. I can't be touched."

"Are you sure about that, Jack?"

"Yeah, I'm sure about that."

At that time I must have gone into a deep sleep because the little voice had gone away and I felt myself drifting off into a deep sleep.

* * * * * *

When I woke up I felt sick to my stomach, my head ached, and I found that I could hardly move. Much to my surprise, I couldn't see anything either. I could feel the cool room air which told me I wasn't wearing any clothes. I heard a metallic voice that sounded like it was coming from my left front.

"Hello Jack, how are we doing this morning?"

"What's going on? Why have you got me restrained? Who are you? What do you plan on doing? Why is your voice so funny?" 

"Enough of that, Jack. You will find out in time.. you were very informative last night. I wasn't to sure how well Sodium Pentathol would work on you, but it worked like a dream. Pun intended. I'm using a voice changer. I whisper into it and a loud, different, voice comes out."

"You drugged me? How dare you?"

"Jack, how can you use that tone of voice after you have killed people? Are you the only one who likes to play? Right now we are in your playroom. I would be more worried about why you are here than the fact that someone has gotten you to talk freely."

This was not sounding good. I had a very uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach and a cold, irrational, fear was beginning to take hold of me. I tried to keep my voice from showing any fear. "What do you want from me?"

"Payback, Jack; just payback!"

"Payback for what? I haven't done anything to you, whoever you are."

"Oh yes you have, Jack. We are in your playroom. We are in the presence of parts of my sister that you have placed in your collection bottles. You have taken my best friend, and lover, from me. Now it's my time to play with you. I assure you that you won't like it one little bit. You asked me who I am. The only answer is I am Mistress to you."

Before I could respond I found that someone had forced a ball gag into my mouth. I strained to get loose, but couldn't.

Now I started to be truly afraid. I knew what I had done to her sister. What would she do with me? I felt terrified as I considered the possibilities.

Moments later I heard her voice again, this time from behind me. She was speaking to someone else.

I felt rope being looped around my thighs, just above the knee. Then I felt some tension. Then I heard a sound that chilled my blood, it was the ratcheting of "come along"s. You know, the type of device you might use to lift the engine out of a car. My legs were, finally, spread about as far as they could be stretched without taking my hip joints out of their sockets. It was absolutely painful."

"Are we comfy now? I hope so, because from here on it won't be comfortable."

It was at that time the women moved behind the chair. They lifted my blindfold, for a moment, and showed me the most terrifying thing I could imagine. It was a pair of clear plastic rectangles with three holes in one and two holes in the other. There were electrical binding posts and wires with alligator clips on both plastic pieces and a set of through bolts with wing nuts on them. It was a sort of plastic vise. I had no question what the holes were for. There was a hole my cock would fit through but the holes for my nuts were too small for them to pass through unless they were extruded through. As I thought this the blindfold was again placed over my eyes.

One of the women came around in front of me and started to play with my cock and balls. Like it or not, she was stretching them out so that they would fit in the plastic vise. Moments later the other woman joined her and fitted the plastic where I knew it would go. Her first tightening brought me to the edge of reasonable discomfort. I could bear it, but didn't like it one little bit.

I felt one of the women fasten a rope just above the vise and pull it away some small distance. I then heard the sound of another "come along" ratcheting, the vise was pulled very painfully away from my body. Just when I thought it couldn't get too much worse the thumbscrews on the plastic vise were tightened, crushing my balls. 

"Enjoy the comfortable position while you can, Jack. Things will start getting painful very soon." 

Then the lights when out. I tried to force myself to stay awake, but eventually I fell asleep.

* * * * * *

I have no idea how long I slept. I awoke screaming! I felt as if someone had run a red hot poker through my balls. After ten seconds, that felt like ten days, the current was turned off. 

"Oh, did I wake you? Sorry about that. Do you mean this hurts?"

As she said "this" she hit the switch again. God, that was painful. She was speaking again.

"You will appreciate the thing we've set up now. The shock box has a built in microphone. Every time it hears you make a noise it will generate another shock, but at a higher voltage. It won't shock you the same way any two times in a row. It might shock your penis to your balls, or it might shock one ball to the other. It might also shock all three at the same time. The trick is, you won't know what is coming next. The point is you won't know when the shock is coming or where it is going to hurt; and I promise you it will hurt. No shock will be great enough to kill you. Oh, I forgot to remove your ball gag. I don't want you to die from retching and having it choke you to death. Beside that the louder you scream the worse the shocks will get. Have a pleasant night."

At that point she turned on the switch. Each step the women made while exiting the room led to ever more intense shocks. I was screaming, in spite of myself. I finally forced myself to stop. The shocks stopped. I worked hard at not making any noise. After a while I dozed off to sleep.

* * * * * *

I woke suddenly with the sound of a loud bang and intense pain in my nuts" 

"Oh, I'm sorry, I just can't pass up popping a paper bag. It's so much fun. Are we awake now? I realize that you may not be overly rested but you need to make a choice. I strongly suggest you make the choice very carefully because the results, in either case, will lead to significant pain. Do you want some severe pain followed by us leaving you alive to be found by the authorities, or would you like some more shocks? If you choose the shocks you will have an hour's time to change your mind. Now, raise your head towards the ceiling if you choose pain followed by us leaving you alone and towards the floor if you want to try your luck with more shocks."

I was in a horrible bind. I didn't want to die, but I didn't want pain either. Them going away sounded like the best of the possibilities so moved my head as if trying to look at the cieling..

"Wonderful, you made the choice I would have made for you. Now, we're going to give you a shot that will make the pain go away for a while." Moments later a needle was inserted in a vein on the back of my left hand. Shortly after that I was out.

* * * * * *

I slowly came back to consciousness. They must have let me pass out and stay passed out for a few minutes. 

"Hello Jack, nice to see you've come back to join us for play time. Are you comfy?"

I shook my head no. 

I felt groggy from the shot that they had given me. 

"Jack, we are about to leave you now. We have placed your collection bottles all around you. Those who turn you loose will see your handiwork. I suspect they will be interested in how you got these samples, especially since you were kind enough to label each bottle with the woman's name and a photo."

"You will never again do what you did to these women. You are no longer capable of harming another living person. We have made some modifications that you won't realize until you are resqued by the police."

I heard them leave. Their sedative was wearing off, and I found that I had a pain somewhere in my upper back. I was relieved to realize that I no longer had pain anywhere else. I shut my eyes and fell asleep.

I awoke when I heard voices. 

"Well, lieutennant, these jars are labeled with the names of the missing women. This sick bastard must be the one who did this to them." 

The blindfold was removed and I saw the police forensic people taking photographs and carefully picking up all the bottles to take them into evidence. 

"We're going to release you now, Jake. Don't move, and don't even think of trying to run away from us. We brought a K-9 unit with us, and after seeing what you have been doing we will have no compunction in turning him loose on you."

I could see them release the tension on my legs, and balls. The funny thing was that I couldn't feel them doing the releasing. as they took the straps off my arms and from around my chest I realized I was falling to the floor. 

"Call an ambulance, we need to have a doc look him over. The caller indicated that he wasn't in very good condition."

A while later I was in an ambulance on the way to the hospital. I was handcuffed and a detective was traveling with me in the ambulance. When we got there the detective talked to the doc.

"He collapsed like a sack of potatos. He doesn't seem to have much control over his limbs at the moment. Take a good look at him and tell me what's wrong. When you say he's up to it we need to get him down town and question him about the stuff he has been doing. We think this is the guy responsible for all those missing women."

The doctor did some tests, and did a full body MRI on me. When I was moved into a private room, the doctor and the detective came in together. The detective spoke up: "Jake, we know that you have the funds to buy the best legal help in the country. Whoever worked you over has made sure that you have a sentence that cannot be undone by any lawyer. Someone has injected pure alcohol into your lower cervical or upper thorasic spine. They knew what they were doing. Your digestive system, respiratory system, and heart will function relatively well. You, however, are a quadraplegic. You will never again feel, or move any extremity from your shoulders down. You are paralized and there is nothing that can be done to reverse it. We're not sure yet, if you will be able to speak or not. It appears that the nerves to your vocal chords have been hit with some alcohol as well."

"You will be indicted, and tried. But the real sentence has already been given. Life! with no parole, pardon, or commutation of sentence. From what the forensic folks are telling us, they have your prints on a large knife with blood on it. We are relatively sure that the blood will prove to be from one of the women you butchered. You had better get used to the idea that your life will partially depend upon women from now on in. I hope that the nurses can ignore what you did."

They left, and their words burned into me. I could think, but I was at the mercy of anyone around me. I was defenseless! This was total payback, and I didn't want to suffer that. My wishes, however, were of no concern to others.