 Jamie closed and locked the door behind the movers. She turned around and leaned against the wood, letting out a loud sigh. It had been a long day, but it was done, and now all that was left was to unpack and put everything away. But it was hers, all hers. She smiled tiredly, and looked around her at all the boxes, shaking her head.

"This can wait," she said to herself. Tomorrow she would dive in and seriously get organizing, but after the long day she was ready to get a good night's sleep in her own bed, in her own house. Jamie took one walk around the downstairs, checking the doors and admiring her new space. She had loved this house the moment she saw it. There were newer homes with all the bells and whistles, but this 100-year old house had character, and something about it had drawn her to it immediately.

She turned the lights out as she went, except for the light on the stairs. As she headed upstairs the light flickered a few times, and then came back on. "Item one for tomorrow," she said, yawning, and continued up. She flicked the light switch in the hall and headed into her master bedroom.

She turned on the overhead light and shut the door solidly behind her. She smiled looking around her. The rest of the house was a mess, but she had made sure her bedroom was all set up, knowing she would appreciate the one peaceful moment and a good night's sleep. While the movers were hauling in, she had come up her and made her bed and straightened up.

She looked longingly at the soft bed, with fresh bedding, but first a shower, which she desperately needed. She stripped in the middle of the floor and grabbed up her clothes and dumped them in the hamper. She headed into the attached bathroom, flipped on the light, and reached into start the water.

Even though it was an older house, she had everything checked thoroughly, and the water heater was newer. In just a few minutes the water streaming out of the showerhead was steaming hot. She stepped in the stall and pulled the shower curtain shut.

For a few minutes, she just stood under the warmth, letting the water rollover her head down her body. Her sore muscles began to loosen under the steady heat. She felt herself start to drift off and leaned against the shower wall. She shook herself awake. "Let's not break my neck falling in the shower on my first night in the new house," she said out loud to herself.

She poured out some shampoo and reach up with both hands to work through her wet hair and build up a lather. As she did, she jumped and looked behind her. Nothing. "What the hell," she said, now fully awake. She had felt someone behind her reach around and cup her breasts. Or she had thought. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she stood there, but nothing happened.

"I am really losing it."

She backed up into the cascading water, shutting her eyes, washing out the soap, mentally scolding herself for her silliness. As she did, she jumped again, bumping her head on the shower head.

"Shit!"

This time she was sure she felt a puff of air on her pussy, like someone breathing on it.

"Good enough," she said, quickly giving herself a final rinse, and turning the water off. Figuring she was more over tired than she realized, and maybe after all the business of work and prepping for her new house, she had let any personal relationships lapse, so she was a bit horny. That she could take care of right now, and then get a good night's sleep.

She stepped out of the shower, wrapping her hair in a towel and used one of her new fluffy towels to dry off. It felt so good rubbing against her clean soft skin. She hung the towel back up, towel-dried her hair, and headed in to her room.

Still naked, she turned on the softer bedside lamp and flicked off the harsher overhead lighting. Pulling back the covers, she slid between the clean cool sheets, unable to keep a small moan of pleasure in. From the nightstand next to her she opened the drawer and pulled out a pink vibrator and a bottle of warming lube. This was just what she needed to calm her nerves and relax, and then get some well-deserved sleep.

After applying a good amount of silky liquid to her waiting pussy, as well as rubbing some up and down the silicon shaft, she turned on the toy to vibrate. She leaned back and got comfortable on the pillows, eyes closing, then lowered the pulsing toy between her legs.

Another, deeper moan escaped her lips as she gently rubbed the vibrator back and forth over her pussy lips and swelling clit, lube mixing with her own moisture. She sighed heavily, as the pleasure took over and worked up, building from her pussy, her body relaxing from the long day.

With her other hand she began circling her fingers lightly around her nipples, feeling them harden under her touch. Just as she began thrusting her hips up to increase the pressure, moving closer to climax, her eyes flew open, and she sat up, pulling the toy away.

"What the hell," she muttered, looking around. She had felt, clear as could be, lips touching her inner thighs, kissing their way up toward her pussy.

Her heart was beating so fast, and it took several minutes before her heart felt like it wasn't going to beat out of her chest. She took several deep breaths and lay back against the pillows, trying to calm down, but couldn't stop from looking around the room, feeling completely confused.

"Okay," she whispered, "you are not losing your mind, you are just exhausted. And horny."

Not convincing herself, but deciding to just sleep on it, she set the vibrator on the nightstand. She was still turned on, her pussy tingling, but she tried to just ignore that, pulling the covers up to her neck. She couldn't quite make herself turn off the lamp, not wanting to be in the dark, and lay there for several minutes, just staring at the ceiling. Slowly her eyes became heavier, and finally closed, her breathing slowing as she fell asleep.

A short while later, she jerked awake, and realized two things at once - her room was dark, and her covers were pulled off the bed, leaving her naked and exposed. She lay there, afraid to move, wondering if she was dreaming, and then felt a breath on her ear, and a soft kiss on her neck. Her breathing quickened, chest rapidly rising up and down, and she noticed she couldn't move. Her limbs felt heavy, like they were weighted down, and she couldn't lift her arms or legs.

She felt the kisses continue down her neck, down her chest, and then a tongue flicked out to one of her nipples before completely engulfing the whole hard point. Jamie couldn't stop a heavy sigh from escaping, as the mouth suckled her nipple in deeply, causing a deep stab of pleasure to run directly down to between her legs.

She lay there prone, unable to get away, as the unseen mouth continued down further, over the skin of her stomach, and inching down over the soft mound of her pubic hair. Her legs were pulled apart by this invisible force and she felt a soft mouth gently caress her outer lips before diving in deeper, tongue fucking her growing wet cunt.

Jamie began panting, helpless, as her clit was sucked in, swelling in response, and unconsciously her hips began to thrust up toward the source. She didn't know what was happening to her, but in that moment, nothing mattered but the growing need for more pleasure.

The phantom mouth lapped around her clit in circles, as fingers slipped inside her moist passage, in and out, faster and faster. Jamie's hips strained straight off the bed as she slipped over the edge in climax, screaming out incoherently.

Her body collapsed back down on the bed, and she almost immediately fell into a deep sleep, body moist with perspiration, and the covers were pulled over her prone form.

The next morning, the sun shining in the window woke Jamie. She squinted her eyes against the light and pulled the covers over her head to fight against consciousness. It worked for a few minutes, then she sat up looking around her in amazement. What had happened last night? 

She reached down under the covers and felt her dried juices between her thighs. Had it just been a wet dream or something else, and would it happen again?? She lay back against the pillows, a memory of the strong orgasm she had, and knew that was real. A small smile appeared on her face as she looked around her now lit bedroom. "I guess I'll find out tonight."