 Annabel Sarin was a proud and beautiful woman. She had married well at a young age and now spent her time traveling between all her favorite venues in Europe. On this occasion she found herself at Brandauer Castle in Austria where she was the honored guest of the Count and Countess.

The entertainment for the evening was a formal ball which gave her the opportunity to showcase one of her stunning silk gowns. She made her entrance properly, pausing on the landing of the ballroom's double staircase as she was introduced.

"The Lady Annabel Sarin of Queensbury!" the stuffy man servant announced to the room.

She descended the stairs with finished dignity, her chin held high as she acknowledged the looks of admiration directed at her with subtle nods. She wore a wig that was so intricate it could more rightly be considered architecture and her large eyes were made even more striking by artfully applied black mascara. The Count and Countess quickly introduced her to several of their high born guests who were immediately charmed by her regal bearing and engaging physical beauty. She floated from one group to another before the orchestra opened with The Blue Danube and the Count had the honor of leading the waltz with her as his partner. They glided over the floor like figures in a music box and at the end of the dance the Count bowed deeply before releasing her hand. And so this evening proceeded like all of Annabel Sarin's evenings proceeded, with perfect graciousness.

But unbeknownst to her at that time, Lady Sarin was being watched by unseen eyes.

After the ball Lady Sarin returned to her room with the satisfied feeling she always had after social events of this kind. She freed herself from her layers of finery and then popped open her corset which allowed her large breasts and voluptuous belly to finally breathe. After her long bloomers were also shed, she squatted down naked over the chamber pot in the center of the room and released a deluge of hot urine into it, filling it almost to the brim. Her body had God-given health and firmness and she had no need for rear attachments to her corsetry since her buttocks naturally protruded quite prominently.

She walked to the basin and soaped her hands, washing her face before moving the lather over her breasts and underarms. Finally she washed her overgrown crotch and then rinsed herself methodically with the sponge. 

Then she did a series of exercise moves she had seen in one of the new physical culture magazines. She spread her legs and bent over to touch her toes left hand to right foot and visa versa. Then with her legs still spread she squatted down and shifted her body deeply from side to side like a speed skater. 

It was then she became aware of a thumping noise coming from behind the wall opposite the bed. She stopped in mid stretch to listen. The sound stopped as well. She continued with her bent over stretches again and the sound returned. She stopped a second time and the sound ceased again. She walked over to the wall and listened, but heard nothing.

Having been made somewhat uneasy by the mysterious noises, she decided to put on her night gown and go to bed. But after she turned off the lamps and got between the cool sheets of the canopy bed, she lay awake with the lingering feeling that there was something amiss in the castle.

The next morning she by chance saw a strange little man in the hallway on her way to breakfast. He leered at her in a way that made her sick. It appeared that he was one of the workers there so she followed proper etiquette and overlooked the perceived offense. However after returning that day from a trip into the countryside with her hosts she encountered the man again, leering as he had before. She decided to chide him for his rudeness.

"Excuse me sir, but I do take offense with the way you look towards me!" she announced to him.

The little man leered all the more as she spoke to him. Then he replied.

"I'm sorry, my lady, I've just never seen anyone as beautiful as you before." he replied, wiping his mouth on his sleeve.

"Well could you in the future avoid eye contact with me please!" she commanded.

"Yes, my lady," he replied, his eyes still devouring her.

In the days that followed she had the feeling his eyes were on her wherever she went. They were eyes that saw through to her nakedness no matter how many layers she wore. They spoke of indecency and foul deeds and she couldn't seem to wash their dirty intent off of her. That evening she had a dream that a man entered her bed with stinking breath and cold hands. He clung to her from behind until she was able to push him off. That's when she saw it was the little man with the carnivorous eyes.

The next morning she awoke to the same thumping sound coming from behind the wall. Then when she looked down she saw her bed covers had shifted away exposing her naked legs. The thumping sound increased in frequency and urgency and then trailed off just as quickly. Annabel had had enough. She put on her robe, went out into the hall and knocked on the door of the neighboring guest room. After quite some time a tall, handsome man answered.

"Good morning, sir," she said with more than a hint of indignity, "My name is Lady Annabel Sarin and I was wondering if you know anything about the knocking sound that is coming from the wall between our rooms?"

The man paused in thought briefly before a flash of recognition broke over his face.

"Yes, I have heard a knocking sound as well!" he answered earnestly.

"You have?!" she replied with relief, "Well at least I'm not going mad!"

"No madam," he continued, "these old castles unfortunately do have vermin that run about within the walls."

The thought of vermin scurrying about inside the walls disgusted her, but not as much as the thought of being watched by that little man. Her regal smile returned.

"That does seem to make sense," she laughingly agreed, "even if it is a bit disquieting."

"My name is Baron Von Chesler and I am more than glad to be at your service Lady Sarin if you need any further assistance." he pronounced with a slight bow of his head.

"Thank you, kind sir." she replied, "I won't hesitate."

She returned to her room feeling a bit foolish but somewhat more self-assured. Rats could make thumping noises, especially if they were mating, she concluded. But she quickly pushed that disgusting thought out of her mind. She was a lady and people in her station didn't recognize such vile things. She determined to tell the chamber maid about it when she saw her next.

That afternoon as they played croquet on the back lawn, Annabel thought she saw a dark figure moving behind one of the parapets of the castle. Was it the strange little man again, she wondered? When she reported the sighting to a fellow guest at dinner, the bejeweled woman related the sad tale of the Count's brother, Klaus, who had returned from the last war a broken man. His mental illness had soon progressed to full blown insanity and the family was forced to confine him to one of the upper bastions on the property. 

"It was the Count's mad brother that you probably saw on the parapet, Lady Sarin." the woman asserted. 

Annabel Sarin listened to the story intently. It seemed to explain all the feelings and phenomena she'd been experiencing since her arrival. There was indeed madness and malevolence afoot in this castle. 

Later in the evening as she climbed the side stairs to her room the strange little man appeared again and tried to stop her at the landing. She retreated but he continued to advance, his hands held out, saying he had something to tell her. Lady Sarin could see nothing but those vulture eyes coming at her. When she realized she could retreat no further, she unleashed a kick to the little man's groin that stopped him in his tracks. His face registered shock at first, but then he seemed to grin again and continue. Annabel Sarin then drove home a second kick to the man's crotch that had such force it seemed to lift him up off the ground slightly. After this kick the little man's vulture smile turned to nausea and he involuntarily vomited on the spot. As he stood there doubled over, she slid along the wall until she was clear of him and then ran up the stairs to her room. 

She decided then and there she would make her apologies and leave the next day. She also decided to keep this incident to herself since she had had several similar experiences dealing with degenerates like this. The best course for a lady like herself was to "defend and pretend". 

Then a knock on the door made her jump. 

"Lady Sarin?" came a familiar sounding voice.

She opened the door and was relieved to see the handsome face of the Baron smiling down on her.

"Baron Von Chesler! It is indeed a pleasure to see you!" she said with a flood of relief.

"The pleasure is entirely mine. Would you care to join me for a cup of tea in the pallor?" he proposed.

"Yes, I'd be agreeable to that." she replied.

The Baron waited outside the door while Lady Sarin grabbed her wrap and red velvet clutch. Then they continued down to the pallor where they were seated and served. The Baron spoke proudly of his family's gallant exploits in several wars and rebellions and then shifted the topic to Lady Sarin's personal life.

"So I understand you're married to Sir Robert Sarin." he inquired.

"Why yes I am." she replied, "Do you know my husband?"

"I know of him. He was a peer of my father's." he continued, "So tell me, what's it like to be married to a man so much older than yourself?"

The question was pushing the boundaries of politeness.

"Well, I get the benefit of his wisdom." she countered slyly.

"A beautiful woman like you can have her choice of men." he added.

Now she was beginning to sense the Baron's questions had an agenda. 

"Yes, and I've made my selection quite well, I believe." she finally parried with a smile.

However, after the Baron poured her second cup of tea, Lady Sarin developed a headache. A few sips later she began to feel dizzy. 

"My dear Baron, you'll have to forgive me, I should be getting back to my room now. I don't quite feel myself." she announced.

"Let me assist you Lady Sarin!" the baron volunteered. 

He stood and helped her out of the pallor into the foyer. But when they arrived at the stairs he guided her down instead of up.

"Where are we going?" she asked, already growing weak.

"Down to the infirmary. You seem to be ill." he said with concern.

They went down one flight of stairs and then another into the dank and dark recesses of the stone fortress. Somewhere along the way Lady Sarin lost consciousness and Baron Von Chesler was forced to gather her up and carry her in a bundle. At the second subterranean level he brought her down a corridor lit by torches to a massive oak and iron door. He kicked it twice and seconds later the door opened. He walked into the cavernous room with vaulted ceilings and laid Annabel Sarin's body down on what appeared to be a wooden alter. He spoke to the thing standing in the shadows that had opened the door. 

"Come my friend and see the woman of your dreams!" he called to him.

The flickering lights in the chamber danced upon Lady Sarin's stunning features as she lay unconscious on the table. The Baron stood over her proudly, his eyes suddenly wild and hungry. Then the figure in the shadows emerged. He was cloaked and hooded and laughed to himself as he moved towards her. When he arrived at the alter the light illuminated part of his grotesquely scarred face. His mouth was pulled down on one side and one eye seemingly hung loose in its socket. He ran his crooked hands over her satin garments trying to get an idea of the flesh that lie beneath.

"Never fear, my friend," said the Baron knowingly, "her body makes these fine textiles appear as rags!" They began to look for a way to remove her multi-layered evening dress and were completely frustrated until the thing produced a long knife and began to cut at the garment. Soon they had ripped the dress off of her shoulders and removed it completely. Then her petticoats were cut off with several long strokes exposing her naked arms and upper chest and also her shapely, stocking-covered legs. 

They saw that she was indeed a Victorian dream as she lay there with her secret body partially exposed to them. They stood there and stroked her forbidden undergarments and skin like amazed and greedy little boys. The thing began to rub at his titillated cock as his other hand worked its way down her inner thigh as the Baron ran his fingers over her parted mouth, quivering with the thought of his cock penetrating its depths. She was fully theirs now and all of the pretense of fashion and society would soon be stripped away. They saw her as the animal she really was, with all her earthy sexuality rising like heat waves. As far as they were concerned beauty had to be fucked just like enemies had to be killed. 

The bursting force of her curvaceous body against her imprisoning corset created unbearable tension in their minds, so they roughly tore at the strings of it as if cutting open a parcel. Soon the gifts inside the bound package fell out freely into their hands. The Baron closed his eyes and drew in the sweet smell of her lavender body as his fingers clamped down tightly around her full, supple breasts through her chemise. The thing put his nose to the crotch of her short bloomers and then tugged them down, revealing her bountiful untended garden. He spied the rose pedal of her labia only barely amid the dark, hairy thicket. 

Then they secured her arms over her head to the table and pulled her legs up and wide, strapping them from the under knee to the table sides. She was a piece of prime rib ready to be mounted and devoured now. 

"Now my friend, we will wait for Lady Sarin to awaken so she understands the full horror and hopelessness of her situation!" the Baron announced to the thing.

The hooded fiend snickered at the idea.

As they waited the Baron dropped his pants and dry stroked himself as he explored the pussy of his subject with his finger. He shuttered as he felt the tension of her vagina around his digit, imagining how it would feel around his surging cock. She was quite wet, as he was sure she always was. 

Then he heard her begin to mutter and move her head.

"Now Klaus!" he called out, "Mount her now!" 

The thing stripped himself of his cloak and hood and climbed atop the table. His body was filthy and misshapen but his prick was huge and ready. He got himself inside with a little bit of effort and then buried himself to his balls in her. He began to pump her vigorously as he gazed down at the beautiful line of her captive arms framing her confused face. She was still only partially conscious and in this state she could not fully differentiate between fantasy and reality. She moaned slightly and continued to make small cooing sounds as the thing humped her unknowing hole.

The Baron saw his opportunity to have his cock sucked then and positioned himself on the table to feed it to her. She took his member into her mouth like an old friend and sucked the length of it. Watching his cock being consumed by her beautiful face proved to be more than the Baron could take and he soon was forced to release his load onto her forehead and up into her wavy, auburn hair. 

But no sooner had he climbed down from the table then she began to speak.

"What's going on here?" she questioned groggily.

The fiendish thing on top of her smiled gruesomely as he saw the horrific moment of recognition in her eyes. She looked down at herself and then up into the face of twisted lechery. Then she let out an ear-deafening scream that only seemed to excite the thing more. He began to grunt and chuckle as she pulled at the straps and screamed in stark terror. Her mind wanted to believe this was a nightmare, but her body told her differently. She didn't even notice the Baron standing off to one side stroking himself. She could only process the savage act being committed against her, the sight of it, the smell of it.

But then over her screams she heard the sound of the massive door creaking open. She turned and saw the strange little man burst in, sword in hand. Perhaps this was a dream, she thought. He quickly ran down the steps and stabbed the fiendish thing in the back as it continued to defile her. The thing let out an ear-splitting groan of agony as he drove the sword into its back a second time. Finally the fiend was forced to climb off of her and retreat, stumbling back into one of the dark corners of the chamber. The Baron then tried to make a break for the door but the little man blocked his way and drove him back.

"Untie her!" he shouted at him, pushing him back towards the alter.

The Baron, still naked from the waist down, quickly complied and released the straps that held Lady Sarin. She jumped down and ran to collect her clothes.

"Now get on that table!" the little man ordered.

"My good man," the Baron complained, "Do you know who I am!"

"Yes, you're the guy who's going to get fucked in the ass!" the little man countered, "Get on the table!"

When he heard the force of the little man's command, the Baron relented and laid down on the alter.

"On your stomach!" came the next order from the sword wielding little man.

Annabel Sarin was back in her bloomers by now and was crouched against the wall shivering.

"Lady Sarin, can you bind his arms and legs?"

"Yes." she replied weakly.

Soon the Baron was strapped down well and the little man found the fiend and brought him back bleeding at sword point. 

"You wanted to fuck something! You can fuck him!" the little man said to the fiend, "Get up there!"

The fiend shook his head and the little man stabbed him in the leg. That was all the motivation the thing needed. He climbed up onto the Baron and pushed his massive meat into his rectum.

"My god! You can't do this! Get him off me!" the Baron yelled.

The fiend continued where he had left off, plowing away at the random hole.

"Faster!" the little man ordered, slapping the fiend's ass with his sword.

The fiend went faster as the blood poured out from his wounds, but just before he collapsed and died there was a brief cry of pleasure that issued from him. Then all was quiet.

"Are you ready to go, Lady Sarin?" the little man asked.

She nodded absently.

They then proceeded up the steps with the remnants of her clothes as the Baron screamed after them.

"It was all his idea! He made me do it! You must believe me! Please don't leave me here!" he begged from beneath the dead body of the creature.

His words had no effect on them. They exited the chamber without looking back, the massive door swinging closed behind them.

The next morning Annabel Sarin awoke covered in sweat, not sure if her experience the night before had been but a lucid dream. Her night gown was soaked as well. She removed the article of clothing and summoned the chambermaid. A bath was drawn for her and soon her body was swallowed and caressed by the tepid water. She examined her breasts and legs and noticed the lacerations as she moved the sponge over herself. Dreams didn't leave marks, she reasoned. 

So it had all been real. The horrible creature had actually assaulted her and then been forced to sodomize the Baron before it died in agony itself. And the little vulture-eyed man whom she had despised had turned out to be her savior! None of it could be any stranger. She pushed the water deep into her vagina with her fingers and as she did she realized she was still shaking.

So what would happen now, she wondered? The fiend and the Baron would be found eventually by some castle servant, mummified agony frozen on the faces of their corpses. Perhaps the Baron was even still alive beneath the body of the thing, preying for a single glimmer of light to enter the chamber once more. But that was not her concern now, she finally concluded. She would leave and go back to her privileged life and forget the entire wretched affair. But first there was a man she needed to thank.
