 ARRIVAL

Hypnos looked behind him for the van. It was already gone, its whiteness lost in this apocalyptic blizzard, along with the stars and the pockmarked, wounded moon. There was nothing now. Only the flickering light from the candle on her kitchen table. That at least had not abandoned him.

It wouldn't be long now. A hundred more yards, tops, before he could feel her warmth wrapping itself around his icicle flesh and listen to the music of her cries with his frozen ears.

She sensed him coming. She always did, with those she had pulled. This one was powerful. She could hear his footsteps crunching on the treacherous ice, the bullets of hail pounding against his frost-red face.

She was seated at the table as he walked up the steps, regarding him with her usual cryptic smile as he reached for her doorbell.

When she opened the door, he felt the warm glow of her skin rushing over him. She wore the long silky white hair of the delightful villainess Ni Chang, the witch born of wolves in The Forbidden Kingdom, featuring the incomparable Jet Li and Jackie Chan. It was Hypnos' favorite movie. It was almost as if she had dressed herself with flesh meant only for him.

He could see the swelling of her gigantic breasts beneath her silk robe, rising with each breath. Some things only improved with time. Her crow's-feet framed the twinkle in her eyes. That too only improved with age. And knowledge.

"I wonder if I could use your phone," he said. "My car is stalled, and your house seems to be the only building out here."

"The nearest place is a Chevron station about five miles down the road," she told him, "and there's no way ole Billie McAllister is going to come here at this time of night. Not in weather like this. You're gonna have to wait here till morning."

Her tea kettle shrieked. "Come in, come in, you poor thing. Here, let me take that for you," she whispered, as she smoothly slid his parka from his shoulders and hung it on a peg.

"I was just making some hot cocoa. It looks as though you could use some, you poor dear. Here, get out of those wet clothes and put this on," she said, taking off her robe and handing it to him. Now only her scant nightgown remained to contain her spilling flesh. Hypnos revised his estimate. Her cup size was at least H, not a paltry F.

THE LOVESEAT

Hypnos went into the bedroom to shed his clothes. When he came out, he saw that she had poured two cups of cocoa and had taken up residence on the loveseat. She patted the cushion next to her. "Come on, don't be shy. I don't bite," she said (although she occasionally did).

Hypnos wrapped the robe around him and sat down. He smelled the irresistible aroma of the cocoa and brought the cup to his lips. "It's got quite a kick to it," he said, as he replaced the cup on the end table. The scar on his face formed a shining vertical smile in the firelight. Together with his cold cruel gray eyes, it formed an emoticon no one would ever want to receive.

"Oh, I spiked it with a secret ingredient or two," she replied, winking at the stranded motorist. "It should warm you up pronto."

Hypnos could already feel the power coursing through him. He felt like a god, or more precisely, a greater god than he already was.

"But it will take a while for it to get to your poor frigid fingers. I've got something much faster," she said, winking at him. "Go ahead, you've been staring at them long enough. They won't bite," she whispered, once again stretching the truth.

Hypnos reached out with his left hand, slipping it inside her negligee and over the massive mound of her right breast. He turned and seized her left breast with his right hand. Her nipples were brown and large and quickly became erect as he ran his cold hands over their heat. He began to squeeze her gigantic hooters rhythmically and at a faster and faster pace.

She turned her head to him and covered his lips with hers, her tongue darting in and out of his mouth. Her hand slipped between the folds of his robe and quickly found his throbbing cock, which was hard to miss, as it had swelled to at least eleven inches and a circumference that overflowed her grasping, inadequate hands. Must be the cocoa again, he thought.

She ran her thumbs up and down the sensitive, pulsating veins of his shaft, and he arched his back, his paws mashing her breasts, his tongue entwined with hers.

She dropped her left hand to encompass his balls, squeezing them with both tenderness and cruelty. Her tongue ran around his right ear, as she parted his robe to straddle him. Her open negligee offered little protection as he mauled her boobs, ran his fingers down her tummy, and then seized her head in a vise-like grip as he thrust his tongue violently in and out of her mouth.

He tore off her flimsy nightgown and threw it against the wall. He could feel the clenching mouth of her dripping cunt as she guided his throbbing shaft into the moist darkness of her inner being.

She somehow retained possession of his hungry, aching balls as she crashed down violently upon him, feeling her sudden impalement on his magnificent sword and experiencing the deepest wound she had ever known.

His tongue encircled her ear, and he dropped one hand to her wet, eager clit, urging her on to more and more violent bounces. She took his head in her hand and ran her tongue over his face as she pounded herself upon his turgid, aching shaft. He became lost in the silken web of her white hair, taking her nipple in his teeth as she impaled herself over and over again, squeezing his balls with increased ferocity.

He took her slender neck in his hand. It would so much easier to snap than that cage-fighting whore's had been back up in the Twin Cities. His ears hungered for that pop. But this bitch knew what she was doing. Hypnos was not about to pass this experience up through either premature termination or ejaculation.

She clenched his balls, and pumped them in time with her thrusts, her gargantuan boobs pressed flat against his chest as she gave herself completely to the crushing grasp of his arms. She could almost feel her lungs collapsing from the pressure. His huge cock split her even further as she began to milk his balls, slowly at first and then faster and faster as she pulled him to a crescendo the likes of which he had never before experienced in this morbid earthly realm.

She crushed his sac, and Hypnos exploded inside her, releasing a torrent matched on Earth only by very well-maintained fire hydrants and the occasional volcano.

She felt his hot spurt pouring into her eager cunt and womb, as she held his head tightly against her breasts and felt his tears streaming over her nipples and tummy. She listened quietly to his deep sobs. This communion could be overpowering for those who walked only in darkness.

69

She held him in her arms for what seemed like both an eternity and a nanosecond. Despite its recent achievements, his cock somehow retained its superhuman status and ached for more. Must be the cocoa again, he thought. He would definitely wait the full four hours before he called 911. Probably not even then. He now belonged only to her. "If you are to be complete, I must now drink you," she whispered, smiling down at him through the intricate labyrinth of her white hair.

She grabbed him by his throbbing member and led him from the loveseat onto the floor. She guided him by his shaft until he lay supine before her, his naked vulnerability exposed to her mercies. She spread her legs as she sat on his mouth, the warm moist walls of her cunt enveloping his face. His lower lip and tongue explored the unexpected treat of the white thatch adorning her snatch, so refreshing in this age of bald Barbie wannabes. His lips seized her hot clit as she began to ride his nose, slowly at first and then at a faster and faster pace. She held his head tightly against her as his tongue began to probe her inner depths. She felt the sweetness of total control, forcing him to obey her will. She came again and again, her fluids now pouring down his face. Her body shuddered over and over. He was hers now. She possessed him completely.

It was going to be a shame to still this magnificent instrument of the divine, Hypnos thought. But his mission was his mission. He looked forward to snapping this whore's neck as he poured his seed into her last breath.

She bent over him, her cunt still enveloping his face. He could feel the tickling softness of her long silky white hair on his thighs as she lowered her mouth onto his immense phallus. He shuddered as she ground her cunt into his face. In obeisance, he ate her faster and faster.

Somehow her little mouth was able to take all of his length, well past her throat. As she bobbed her head up and down, he felt her throat circling the crown of his shaft like two fingers signaling "OK" to some unknown audience or a debutante reluctantly giving her first hand job. He battered his way in and out of that throat as she rode him, grabbing his balls like a saddle horn with one hand and shoving three fingers up his ass with the other.

Her cunt was still bucking up and down on his face as she came over and over again and he poured a torrent of hot cum into her devouring mouth. It was nothing short of heaven when her nether mouth expanded to take in his whole head. He felt the dreaded teeth of her vagina dentata as they clamped down on his neck to gain a better purchase on his upper body. At the same time, he felt her upper fangs encompassing his gonads, biting down with a terrible power.

It was quite literally heaven when she drew the all dark energy, all the negative ch'i from Hypnos' tortured physical vehicle. Soon all that was left of Hypnos' mortal remains was the purest, most life-giving substance in the universe.

Snow.

CLEANUP

Now, where did she put that fucking dustpan?