 "Can you hear me?" a voice said. I groaned. I was in pain, a lot of pain.

"Is he awake?" another voice asked.

"He's responsive," the first replied. "But he seems pretty out of it."

"I'm awake," I tried to say, but all that came out was a cry because the pain made speaking impossible. 

I don't know how long I was unconscious, but I do know that the longer I was awake, the worse the pain became.

"We'd better get him to the hospital stat," the second voice said. "I don't see any visible wounds, but something has to be seriously wrong for him to be in that much pain."

I agreed, but I had no more idea what was causing me the pain then they did. All I knew was that it was bad, very bad. My head didn't ache, throb or even pound. It simply exploded, over and over again.

"Why does all the weird shit always happen on Halloween?" the first voice asked.

"Don't ask me," the second replied. "Just be happy you're out here with him. Inside is gruesome. The smell alone was bad enough to make one of the younger cops vomit."

I heard what they were saying, but it was impossible to focus on their words. The pain was too intense. I could no longer control my cries. 

"Let me give him something for the pain and then we'll move him," the first voice said. 

'Thank you!' I cried, but the words were buried in my screams. 

A few moments and an eternity of pain later, the pain dulled considerably. Now it only felt like two muscled bound men with twenty-pound sledgehammers were taking turns on my temples. I stopped crying out constantly. My throat felt raw. I lost track of things for a while, but never fully lost consciousness.

The ride to the hospital was one long, pain-fogged memory I hope never to fully recall. There were moments I wanted to die and get it over with, but then I would remember Annie and start fighting against the pain.

I'd only met her three short months ago, but from the first time our eyes met I knew she was the one. Annie was the love of my life. She was also three thousand miles away. 

This business trip was my last scheduled one for my company for a while. I'd just received a promotion that finally raised me to a level where I needed to spend my time in the home office and not out on the road. It also came with a generous raise. Everything had come together at the right time. 

I asked Annie to marry me the weekend before I left. It was the third month anniversary of our first date. She agreed without hesitation and made me the happiest man alive. 

So, because of her I refused to die now. I rejected the thought that death would be better than living through the pain. It would make everything a waste. I abandoned all thoughts except one. I wanted to see Annie again. I would see Annie again!

The next twenty-four hours were a blur. My first coherent thought came toward the end of that time. I opened my eyes and there was my Annie, sitting in the chair next to my bed looking pale and frightened. I forced a smile despite the pain as I reached out and took her hand in mine. The pain didn't disappear, but I was finally able to fully control it. I could do that for Annie.

"Hey beautiful," I said hoarsely. Annie's smiled nervously. "You didn't think I'd ask you to marry me and die on you, did you?"

"Don't even joke about that!" she snapped, her fear obvious.

"Sorry," I said, squeezing her hand. She was crying as she leaned over and kissed my forehead.

"No, I'm sorry for overreacting," she said in a more controlled voice. "But you scared me."

"I'm fine," I promised her. She gave me a disbelieving look, so I quickly added, "Or I will be in time."

"Yes, you will," she smiled, but there was a certainly in her voice that was more promise and hope than knowledge. I smiled.

I dated a lot of women over the years and I thought I knew my type pretty well. Typically they were tall, beautiful and leggy. You know the type, every hair in place and a little more makeup than usual, but not too much. In short, the type that frequently became models. My own personal preference was brunettes, although I had dated some blonds over the years. 

Annie was none of those. Her hair was red and a wild mass that she failed to tame no matter how much she tried. I'd never seen her put makeup on although I'm sure she did at least for special occasions. She stood only an inch or two over five feet tall. I'd say she was pixyish, but she wasn't particularly fragile looking. 

Annie's hips and ass were wider than what was thought of as attractive these days, and her legs were a little more muscular than you would expect. Her breasts were full, but not too big or small. She had nice wide shoulders and an oddly attractive neck. The only truly impish thing about her other than her height was her smile. All in all, she made a surprisingly attractive package.

The odd part wasn't that she didn't look like my type. It was that she was so different from any other girl I met. She was one of the few truly real people I'd ever met. Annie was a good person through and through. I trusted her from the first moment we met, and for me that was a big deal. I can't really explain it. I looked at her lovingly. 

"I hope this all wasn't a ploy just to get me out here to visit?" she asked, smiling. I knew she was just trying to lighten the mood and I appreciated the effort. I looked at her and felt a sudden pang of desire.

'I must love her,' I thought with an internal laugh. 'Otherwise I would never put up with her refusing to sleep with me for this long.'

Annie was younger than me, but not that much younger. It was an oddity for someone her age to be a virgin, but she insisted she was saving herself for her wedding night. A part of me thought that was silly, but another respected her for her commitment. 

"No comment," I smiled, answering her question. We stayed like that for a few moments, just enjoying each other's company. I spent the time remembering how we met and fell in love.

"So, what happened?" Annie asked me, breaking me out of my thoughts. It was only then that I realized that the pain was starting to seriously subside. I smiled in relief.

"I don't honestly know. The last thing I remember was being at Jerry house," I replied. Jerry was an old friend and coworker. Annie met him the last time he was in town for a meeting. "He invited me to spend Halloween with his family. His wife Sally is an excellent cook and his kids are fun, so I took him up on the offer. It was Halloween after all."

"We just finished eating breakfast and I was in the living room having a good time watching the kids get into their costumes when we suddenly heard some screaming coming from his neighbor's house. Jerry and I ran outside."

"We went to the house and the front door flew open just as we got there," I continued. "A woman came running out with two kids. Jerry took one of them from her. The woman was crying and talking about her youngest who was still inside. I remember thinking that the house was on fire, but now I'm not sure. There was definitely a burning smell, but I couldn't place it. I still can't."

"What happened next?" Annie asked.

"I don't know," I replied. "I think I went inside, but I can't remember."

"You did," a female voice said from the door. I looked up and saw an African American woman standing there. She had the look of a police officer. "The house was on fire and you pulled the woman's youngest child and a nun from the house."

"A nun?" I asked in disbelief. 

"Yes," the woman answered as she entered the room. She wasn't particularly attractive, but I guessed that some of that was intentional. She wore men's clothes and no make up. There was very little feminine about the woman.

"Was everyone okay?" I asked.

"No," she replied with a serious expression. "A man was in the house and he didn't make it out."

I had a flash of a charred corpse still in flames. It was horrible. I could still smell the burning flesh.

"He was already dead when I entered the house," I said, as I fought to remember. The pain started to return and I broke out in a sweat. "Was it the woman's husband?"

"No," she replied without clarifying. "Can you remember anything else?"

"And who exactly are you?" Annie asked protectively. 

"Detective Abrubi," she answered, pulling out identification. "My partner is with the family now. The story they're giving isn't particularly believable. I'm here to see if yours is any better."

"I'm sorry. I can't remember anything else," I said slowly, still trying to remember. I did glimpse something though. It was the clothes of the guy who was burning. "Wait, was the man who died a priest?"

"Yes," she answered. "How did you know?"

"His collar," I said, shaking my head. "It drew my eyes as he burst into flames."

"So, you saw him before he caught fire?" the detective asked.

"I guess," I shrugged. My head was throbbing. I could feel Annie squeezing my hand harder. She was obviously concerned.

"Can you remember anything else?" she asked.

"No," I said, no longer even trying. It hurt too much.

"Well," she said, pulling out a card and handing it to Annie. "If something does come to mind, call me. I'll want to talk to you again once you're feeling better."

"I understand," I replied and she left.

"That was weird," Annie said.

"You're telling me!" I groaned. "I wish I could remember what happened in that house, but it's gone."

"You saved a child and a nun from a fire," Annie smiled. "So, you're a hero. That's all we need to know." I was embarrassed, but I couldn't deny that I liked the way she smiled when she said it.

********

It took four days for them to let me out of the hospital after Annie arrived even though they couldn't find anything wrong with me. That was the problem. They couldn't explain what had caused the pain and that clearly bothered the doctors. The last one to talk to me was a psychologist. I guess they thought it might have all been in my head.

I didn't bother to tell them that the pain still surfaced occasionally. It happened mostly when I was alone, but it wasn't remotely as bad as that first day. I ignored it, sometimes a little more forcefully than others out of necessity.

"I hear you're leaving us later today," the nurse smiled as she came in and checked my monitors. 

Olivia was a few years older than me and a little on the plump side, but I liked her. She had a far better bedside manner than any of the other nurses. There was also something in her eyes that were sexy. I found myself wondering what she was like in bed. 

'Down boy!' I thought with a frown. I can't say that I didn't appreciate the sight of a sexy woman even with Annie in my life, but my thoughts were surprisingly graphic these last few days. I was also far hornier than usual. 

"It's about time!" I smiled at the nurse, trying hard to shake the picture of Olivia's full lips wrapped around my cock from my head.

"Bored with my company?" Olivia joked.

"Not you," I grinned. "But my bed sores are starting to get bed sores from laying here so long."

"Please!" she laughed. "You don't stay in bed for more than fifteen minutes at a time." I shrugged. It was true and got worse the longer I was stuck in the hospital. I felt a strong need to leave and get on with my life.

"Did they say what time I'd be getting out?" I asked.

"The paperwork has already been started," she replied. I saw her eyes drift down my body and stop for a moment before going back to the clipboard she was writing on. Her smile grew sexier. I frowned and looked down to see my body responding to my imagination. I blushed badly.

"Sorry," I said, and then shook my head at my stupidity. It was clear that Olivia was going to ignore my excitement, but by apologizing I left her no choice.

"Don't be," she replied kindly. "It happens."

"I bet it does," I found myself saying. "At least when someone as sexy as you is in the room."

"You aren't hitting on me are you?" she asked in surprise. "Not with such a devoted woman in your life. Speaking of which, where is Annie?"

"She's going to be a little late today," I replied. "She had to sit in on a meeting for work. Oh, and I wasn't hitting on you."

"Then what do you call it?" Olivia asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Harmless flirting," I grinned. She laughed and let it go. 

I decided to keep my mouth shut the rest of her visit because I didn't trust myself not to say something else I'd have to apologize for. I didn't know what was wrong with me, but I was constantly horny all the time. Sometimes, like now, it was pretty bad. I almost told one of the doctors about it once or twice, but they already thought I was half crazy and I wanted to get out of the hospital, not be put in a psycho ward. 

Olivia was just about done. She was next to my bed checking one of the machines. She leaned forward a little and her thick ass pushed against the fabric of her uniform. I was pretty sure she was doing it on purpose to tease me. At that moment there was nothing I wanted to do more than reach out and touch it.

'Yeah,' I sighed to myself. 'Like that's going to happen! Calm down! Think of Annie.'

I did and that helped. My need receded slightly and I took a deep breath in relief. It lasted until Olivia turned around and faced me. Her expression was different somehow. Her lips were parted and she was panting slightly as she looked down my body once more. I didn't try and hide my excitement although I should have. Olivia surprised me by reaching out and pulling my sheet down.

"Hmm," she said. "I need to examine all of you to make sure you're ready to be released." I blushed again as she exposed my hardness to the air. I saw Olivia's eyes grow big and she licked her lips hungrily.

'I guess I'm not the only one who's horny,' I thought in surprise. 

In the five days I'd been at the hospital, Olivia had been my nurse for three of them and nothing she did in those days prepared me for her lustful look. I can't say I didn't appreciate it, but she wasn't Annie.

I watched in disbelief as she reached out to take my cock in her hand. There was no doubt that she was going to do it, just like there was no doubt that I wanted her to. Thoughts of Annie popped into my head.

"No!" I cried. "This isn't going to happen. I'm not going to ruin what I have with Annie." It was like I was talking to myself. Olivia didn't seem to hear me.

"So big!" she moaned softly. 

I was bigger than average, but not that much bigger! Although, looking down at my excitement it did seem larger than usual. Olivia's need was obvious and it satisfied a dark part of me, but it also frightened me. I really didn't want to lose Annie despite Olivia and my mutual desire. Now if I could only make Olivia understand.

"We can't..." I began, but she cut me off.

"No one will bother us," she said, looking almost dazed. "I have to have it!" Her hand was nearly over my cock. I started shifting to try and block her, but she took hold of my cock before I could. I tried to push her away, but the pain returned in full force at that moment.

I didn't quite scream. It took a few seconds to see past the pain well enough to realize my hands were moving of their own accord. I tried to control them, but the harder I fought the worse the pain got. One of my hands held my cock up proudly and the other took Olivia by the neck and pushed her face toward my excitement. She didn't fight me, but that didn't make my action any gentler.

"No!" I got out between gritted teeth, taking control of my hands and forcing Olivia to stop even though it was pretty obvious she didn't want to. The pain grew worse.

~Mine!~ I heard a deep and angry voice cry, but I knew the sound was only in my head.

'Christ!' I thought. 'I really am crazy!'

~Mine!~ the voice repeated as the pain became worse.

'No!' I cried, fighting hard. The battle only lasted a few seconds, but it felt like an eternity.

~Give me this and I will leave you in peace for a time,~ the voice finally said in frustration as the pain lessoned. ~I need relief! My pain is as real as yours.~

'No!' I cried.

'You will!' the voice insisted and the pain returned twofold. 

I don't remember agreeing, but I do remember how it felt when Olivia's mouth finally took my cock in. I groaned and she smiled. I was now holding her full head of blond hair roughly with both hands as I thrust up into her mouth. I tried to be gentler, but my hands were once more out of my control.

~Stop it! She likes it this way!~ the voice cried. I wasn't sure it was right, but on the other hand Olivia didn't fight me at all. I let the voice continue to fuck her mouth hard. She choked and gagged once or twice, but the voice refused to let up and nothing she did made me think she didn't like what was happening. I tried hard to ignore the fact that I liked it too.

I took far longer than usual to cum and when I did it burst forth almost in torrents. Olivia did her best to drink it all down, but she only partially succeeded. I covered her face and her uniform top.

~Again!~ the voice said, but it wasn't nearly as strong as before. I was spent, but he sounded worse.

'No,' I said. 'I fulfilled my half of the bargain. Now go away and leave me in peace!' There was silence for a moment, but there was also pain. This time it wasn't nearly as bad and I was able to stay in control.

~For a time,~ the voice replied as the pain started to fade. ~You are strong for a human, but one day I will rest control from you!~

'What the fuck?' I thought once the pain and voice were finally gone. The reality of the moment hit me hard. 'What have I done?'

"I want..." Olivia began, breaking me from my thoughts. She was looking at me in a way that made me very uncomfortable. 

"No," I interjected, my voice sounding oddly controlled. "Olivia, go away. I'm tired. I want us both to forget that this ever happened."

"As you wish," she smiled as she stood. It was a bit creepy with my cum still staining the front of her uniform, but I was relieved when she finally left my room. I was also exhausted beyond belief. The sexual release and the effort I put into fighting against the pain came together suddenly and I passed out.

**********

"Are you okay?" Annie asked in concern as I stood finally dressed in my street clothes.

"I'm fine," I said, but I didn't sound right even to me.

"Maybe he doesn't want to leave us," Olivia joked. "Perhaps he likes be woken up at all hours of the night by the nursing staff?" She was her old self again. In fact, there was nothing about what had happened before in her expression or on her clothes. Her uniform was immaculate as always.

'Maybe I'm not going crazy? Maybe it was all a dream?' I thought. It didn't seem like one, but what else could explain it?

I'd woken up twenty minutes earlier to Annie's smiling face. She was excited that I was finally getting out of the hospital. Me too, or at least I was until I remembered what happened and started thinking that maybe I was going mad, but I wasn't. I just had a very vivid nightmare. Okay, not really a nightmare because although it was frightening in it's way, I enjoyed it too much for it to be considered bad dream.

'And I wonder what that says about you?' I asked myself. Thankfully, Annie didn't let me dwell on my thoughts very long.

"Let's get you out of here," she said. "The fresh air will do you good."

"You're right," I agreed, forcing a smile as I thought, 'I'm not crazy. It was just a dream. Forget it.'

Annie and Olivia exchanged a hug. They'd become friends over the last few days. I refused to dwell on what they would look like together in bed.

'I really need to do something about my horniness,' I thought, smiling more normally now.

Olivia hugged me briefly as well. She didn't seem to notice my hardness against her stomach and I refused to think about it. Annie and I were out of the hospital ten minutes later.
