 "What do you think?" I asked as I did a slow twirl in front of Jared after donning my costume. 

Turning from the computer he glanced up at me, his dark blue eyes taking me in for a moment. With a shrug he turned back around saying, "Looks good to me. Have fun."

My shoulders fell. I had hoped that dressing up in a sexy costume would get his attention. If it didn't turn him on, the least it could have done was make him angry. Any emotion was better than none. I looked down at myself. I was wearing four-inch black and red heels, thigh-high stockings, one black, one red with the opposite color bow at the top of each on the back. A few inches above the stockings I was wearing a black and red skirt with plenty of frilly layers underneath to make it puff out. The skirt was so short that the costume came with matching bloomers with little frills on the rear. My top was a bustier, black on one side, red on the other, that cut dangerously low, showing off the inner sides of my modest C-cup twins. I had elbow length gloves that didn't cover my fingers, my thumbs sticking out of a hole cut into the side of each one. Around my neck I wore a black choker studded with fake, blood red gems. My golden blond hair I'd tied in pigtails on top of my head like a little girl, tying them up with frilly bands that had tiny bells on them. I'd even painted my lips black and red and applied fake eyelashes with little red gems on them. I'd spent a lot of money on this costume in hopes of getting Jared to react.

Apparently it wasn't enough. So I carefully made my way over, trying hard not to fall on my face in too-tall heels. When I reached my husband, I snaked my arms around his neck and down over his chest from behind. I put my full lips close to his ear and slowly slipped my tongue out, just barely letting it slide along the outer edge of his ear, hoping to feel at least a little shiver. Nothing.

But I wasn't giving up. I moved down to his neck and placed hot kisses along the strong muscles there and gently licked him from his earlobe to where shoulder met neck. I even ended that with a little nip of my teeth. That's when Jared shrugged me off with a sigh of annoyance. He turned his head some so he could look at me. 

"I'm in the middle of a game here, hun," he said impatiently as he wiped at the spot where I'd bit him.

I stood back, trying not to cry. We hadn't had sex in almost half a year. It was even rare if I could get him to let me give him a blowjob. He hadn't touched me intimately at all during this time. I'd taken to using my toys in the bath almost every night, hoping to relieve some of the built up tension. Nothing helped, though. If anything I was hornier than ever. 

As I stood there, staring at the back of his head, listening to the idiotic game he played on the computer, anger replace sadness. I had tried hard for months to get him to come back to me and nothing worked. He just brooded in his computer chair chatting to his online gaming friends. The only time I ever saw any emotion in him was when his real life buddies came over with their computers for a LAN party. I was sick and tired of trying. If he didn't want me, then I'd find someone else who did. I knew I looked good. I was still young and I deserved to be treated like a queen for at least a night.

Before I caught myself I went over to the wall where the surge protector strip was plugged and yanked it from the socket. As he jumped up and hurriedly plugged the strip back in, yelling at me as he did so, I grabbed my coat, purse, and car keys and left the house for the costume party. I had tried to get Jared to go with me, thinking this would be something fun for us to do together but he refused and no amount of begging, pretend sadness or anger would move him. His loss. I was going to find me a gorgeous, masked man and have my way with him tonight.

By the time I arrived at my friend's house where the party was, there were cars filling the driveway and lined up and down the street. I parked my car, got out, and began the trek to the house. At the door I was greeted with cheers when I took my coat off and my friend pushed her way through the crowd, handing me a drink as she took my coat.

I downed the alcohol and grinned at her. Unfortunately she could see right through my act and pulled me to her bedroom where she threw my coat on the bed.

"Alright, spill," she demanded as she closed the door behind me and threw my coat on the bed.

I shrugged. What was there to say that I hadn't already? "Same old stuff," I said, a lump suddenly forming in my throat. I took a deep breath and looked up at the ceiling, trying to keep the tears from my eyes.

My friend, Ashley, placed a gentle hand on my shoulder. "I'm sorry. I thought this costume would do the trick. I figured if we whored you up a bit then maybe he'd do something."

Shaking my head I laughed, a short, bitter sound. "So did I. I was stupid enough to believe that maybe he wanted a little something different. He didn't even get angry that I was going out like this. Normally I can always play to his jealous side."

"Don't worry, we'll figure something else out."

"No!" I said suddenly. "I'm tired of trying. I've been working my butt of and wracking my brains trying to think of something to get his attention. I know something's bothering him and I've tried to get him to talk about it but he just pulls inside himself even further. I'm done with it all. If he won't give me what I need, then I'll find it with someone else!"

"Lis, I don't like that kind of talk. That's not like you at all. You love Jared too much to cheat on him."

With a sigh I sat on the bed, sinking down among the myriad coats. "I know," I said slowly. "But I just don't know what to do anymore. I'm horny as fuck all day, every day and it just gets worse. I've had to stop myself several times from just grabbing some random guy and sticking my tongue down his throat. It's gotten so bad that even my boss is looking like a movie star."

Ashley and I laughed then shuddered. My boss, Mr. Blake, had to be the grossest man I'd ever met. What little hair he had was always greasy and you could smell the unclean scent from a mile away. His face was severely pockmarked from not only the chicken pocks as a kid but his horrible acne when he was a teen. He still suffered from acne, even at forty-five, and the man refused to at least clear the bumps of the white heads before leaving his house. His thin lips were so dry they were cracking and peeling. It was torture having to shake his hand because his handshake was slick and floppy. I wish I could say he also had a gut but the man was a beanpole. His only redeeming feature was his height. He towered over me by a foot and I was five feet and four inches. But Ashley and I had agreed one drunken night that he wasn't entirely gag-worthy. Sometimes we plotted to kidnap him and make him wash his hair, apply chap stick and use a strong acne treatment on his face. Then he'd have some potential.

As we thought for a moment about my boss, the sound of something shattering in the rest of the house brought us back to reality. Ashley looked at me with sympathetic eyes before leaving the room to investigate the noise. For a moment more I stood there wondering if I could really go through with cheating on Jared. The truth was that I just wanted him to notice me again. We'd been together since high school and after we were married, his attention to me began to wan. At first I didn't think anything of it. He'd just started a new job and was tired most of the time. After a while I'd managed to trick myself into thinking nothing was wrong at all. Ashley made me see the light and since then I'd been trying to save our marriage. I only wanted him. The thought of another man touching me set my stomach to rolling. 

With that thought, I took a deep breath and left the room to enjoy the party, no longer thinking of finding another man to satisfy me. I would just have to think up something really clever to get my husband to want me again. 

It was some hours later when I felt my cell vibrate inside one of the cups of my bustier. I stuck my hand under my breast and pulled my phone out. The number on the screen was unfamiliar. Flipping it open I held it to my ear, my other hand plugging the opposite ear.

"Hello?" I said, yelling to be heard over the din.

"Hello? Mrs. Wright?" the female voice on the other end yelled.

I began pushing my way to the front door so I could step out onto the porch. When I was outside I answered. "Yes, this is she."

"This is Valley Memorial Hospital, I'm calling about your husband, Jared Wright."

My heart stopped and I backed myself against the railing as I felt my knees wobble. "Is he all right?"

"He is now, we've got him stabilized. We'd like you to come to the hospital to fill out the insurance paperwork."

"Okay, yeah, sure, I'll be there in a bit." As I closed the phone, Ashley stepped out of the house, fanning herself. When she saw me, the smile fell from her lips. "Jared's in the hospital," I said, my voice barely above a whisper.

"Then what the hell are you still doing here? You didn't have too much to drink did you? You can drive right? If not, I'll grab Kenny and he can take you. He's on another diet and he says alcohol has too much sugar and calories in it so he hasn't had a single drink tonight," she said.

"I haven't had too much to drink, but I think I might still need a ride. I don't think I could make it there safely myself."

Ashley nodded and ran back inside. Moments later Kenny, her husband, came out carrying my coat, his keys and my purse in the other hand. He kissed Ashley bye and directed me to his car. On the drive there we sat in silence. The woman had said Jared was stabilized, but what had happened? Who had called 911? 

"I'll wait here for you," Kenny said as he dropped me off at the front doors. I nodded and got out of the car. He then pulled into a parking space nearby.

Rushing inside I went to the front desk and asked about Jared. The nurse gave me a room number, telling me to stop by the nurse's station on that floor before seeing my husband. I thanked her and made my way to the elevator. 

At the third floor nurse's station I was handed a clipboard of papers to fill out and no one would answer my questions. Instead of arguing, I took a seat nearby and hurriedly filled out the forms. On the last page a nurse came up to me.

"Are you Lissy Wright?" she asked. The voice sounded familiar. I looked up and nodded. "Hi, I'm Nurse Fairweather, I'm the one who contacted you earlier."

Standing, I shook her hand. "Oh, right, I thought I'd heard your voice somewhere before. So what happened to my husband?"

She motioned for me to follow her. As we began to walk she explained. "Neighbors heard shouting and a loud crash and called the police. When they arrived at your house they found your husband on the floor unconscious. An ambulance was called and the paramedics were able to restart your husband's heart."

I gasped, my hand flying to my mouth. "His heart had stopped?"

"Yes. He was believed to have been dead for several minutes before the police arrived. Luckily one of them began administering CPR, which helped immensely. We might not have been able to save your husband otherwise. His heart did stop again in the ride over here, but since he's been here, we haven't run into any problems. He seems to be doing all right. We're not sure what happened at your house, but all that matters is that it wasn't a heart attack and that he should be back to normal in a day or two. We're going to keep him here overnight for observation, though, just to be sure."

We stopped by a door and the nurse knocked then opened it. Inside, Jared was reclined in the bed, his face pale. He turned to look at me and something passed through his eyes for an instant. He held up one trembling hand and I ran to him, grabbing it and holding it against my lips as I sat in the chair next to the bed.

"I'll leave you two alone then," Nurse Fairweather said and quietly closed the door.

"What happened?" I asked, tears filling my eyes. Jared looked weak. It scared me. 

"The computer crapped out," he rasped. "When I tried to fix it, I was electrocuted."

I leaned forward and gave him a hug. I then felt his lips on the top of my head and the tears that had filled my eyes began to spill. When I leaned back, he stared into my eyes for what seemed like an eternity. 

"I'm sorry for the way I've been treating you, hun. I don't know what was wrong with me."

I shook my head emphatically. "No, no! Don't worry about it. I don't care about that. All I care about is your well-being."

He chuckled. "Don't lie, I know you've been upset. I promise I'll make it up to you. We'll do something special as soon as I'm feeling myself again."

"Okay," I nodded and climbed into the bed beside him. It wasn't long before the nurse came back and told me I'd have to leave for the night and could come back to get him tomorrow. I kissed him passionately and wished him goodnight then made my way back outside to Kenny.

The next day I threw my hair up in a quick ponytail and wore a light blue tank top with a knee-length black skirt. I felt giddy as I rushed around the house trying to get ready. With the way my husband had acted last night at the hospital I was excited to see if he'd be as sweet today. Grabbing a bag I'd put a change of clothes for Jared in I hurried to the car and navigated through the nearly empty streets to the hospital.

A doctor stopped me in the hallway a few feet from Jared's room to let me know what had happened before I arrived. He laughed and said he'd never seen such a recovery and that he was shocked to see Jared up and moving around as if he'd had a few cups of coffee. When I entered the room he stopped in his aimless pacing and turned to me, a broad grin spread across his face. Coming up to me, he wrapped me in his arms and squeezed me so tight my back popped in a few places. 

"I missed you," he said lovingly as he stood back and caressed my cheek. I closed my eyes and reveled in his touch, a smile playing on my lips. I couldn't remember the last time he was like this. It had been a slow but steady downhill slope since we were married.

"I missed you, too," I replied then handed him the clothes. He took them and immediately pulled off the hospital gown. He still had on the boxers from the night before and I'd brought him a new pair since he usually changed them every day, but he just tossed the clean pair aside and began slipping into the jeans.

When he had the jeans buttoned and was about to put the shirt on, I told him to wait. He looked at me quizzically and then smiled when he saw the way I was looking at him. Jared was by no means buff, but his muscles were defined and he had just the right amount of fat around his stomach so he wasn't stick thin. His chest and shoulders were broad with a thin covering of hair over his pecs. The hair trailed down in a neat line over his stomach, disappearing into his jeans. I was glad it had been a hot summer because Jared now sported a light tan that gave him a healthy glow. 

As I stared, I walked slowly over to him and lightly ran my fingers over his chest and stomach. You could barely see the outlines of his abs through the thin layer of fat on them, but that was just how I liked him. Healthy. Normal. Because he wasn't incredibly buff or stick thin, those dimples that so many woman love that poke out above the jeans were non-existent on Jared. Every time I saw him in pants and no shirt I thanked God that Jared didn't have them. I found them revolting. 

Jared's hand took mine and I looked up into his dark eyes. His dark, brown hair was unruly at times and it was especially so today. I chuckled and used my free hand to move a few strands off his forehead. When I had done so, I cupped his cheek in my hand, feeling the roughness from his day old stubble on my palm. Jared had a long face, but it wasn't comically long and all his features fit just right. His jaw didn't disappear into his neck either. And his brown eyes were large and the corners turned down ever so slightly, making him look just a bit sad. 

I ran my thumb over his lips, which were the most beautiful pair of lips I'd ever seen in my life. Both were full, the bottom one just a bit more so than the top. They weren't chapped or peeling and he never wore chap stick. Every time I saw them I was overcome with the urge to kiss them, to nibble on them, to taste them. 

Apparently he had the same idea at that moment as his lips came down over mine. A tiny whimper escaped me. I had been without his kisses for just as long as I had been without his touches. I melted into him and his arms went around me as I felt my knees weaken. The kiss deepened and his tongue played along the line between my lips, urging them open. When I opened to him, his tongue lashed into my mouth and his hold on me tightened, exciting a gasp from me that disappeared into his mouth. I was like putty in his grip now. His tongue running over mine, mingling with it, those wonderful lips pressed against my own. It was heaven and it had me completely turned on. I squirmed a bit in his arms as I felt my panties dampen. I felt him chuckle deep in his chest as he placed a leg between mine and gently pushed his knee against my increasingly damp slit. I groaned as he ground his knee into me and my hands went into his thick hair, grabbing fistfuls of it and pulling him more against me.

"Ahem," a voice sounded behind me. I jumped and pulled apart from my husband, every inch of bare skin on me glowing bright red. I looked at the nurse and her cheeks were just as red from walking in on such an intimate moment. "Sorry to, uh, interrupt," she said and cleared her throat. "Your discharge papers are ready if you'd like to leave."

In the car ride home, Jared's hand found its way to my thigh and began rubbing lightly, idly slipping underneath my skirt and squeezing my leg every so often. I could feel the sexual energy radiating off of him and it was all I could do to keep myself from speeding home. 

At home I managed to appear as if I wasn't hoping he would rip my clothes from me and take me right in the entryway. I went into the kitchen and opened the fridge.

"Is there anything in particular you'd like for lunch?" I asked as I bent over to inspect the bottom shelf's contents.

Hands on my hips and something big and hard against my ass told me Jared was right there. I giggled and stood, closing the refrigerator. When I'd turned completely to face him I threw my arms around his neck and looked at him. Something was different in his eyes. I couldn't tell what, but I'd never seen him look at me as he was doing now. He kissed me, shoving me against the big appliance, his hands roaming up under my tank top, all thoughts about his look gone as I lost myself in his frantic groping.

One big hand engulfed my left breast and kneaded it then squeezed it hard, making me gasp in pain/pleasure. I took his bottom lip in my mouth and sucked hard on it then nipped it, making him gasp this time. I felt his smile against my lips and his hands at the hooks of my bra. Within seconds I felt the weight of my breasts as the bra loosened and I sighed in relief. He busied himself with taking my shirt of then, sliding it up over my stomach, his hands grazing the skin, sending electric shocks through me to my aching sex.

With my shirt off he tossed it aside and pulled the bra off my arms and tossed it as well. Without another though his mouth descended on my left breast, pulling the hardened nipple into his mouth. I groaned, sliding my fingers into his hair and tugging slightly but not pulling him away in the least. The vibration of his moan rippled through my chest. He sucked harder and grazed his teeth over the nipple, making me cry out at the pain. I returned the favor by tugging his hair harder. 
