 His hands weren't shaking anymore. His breathing steady but deep and hypnotic. He wasn't scared anymore; he was something else. James felt himself consumed with an almost white hot desire burning from deep within his being. It had almost complete control of him now and James didn't care anymore. 

When James was a teenager, after graduating high school, he married Joan, his high school sweet heart. They had a good relationship and it had been since it begun. Neither of them took it too seriously in the beginning. They were both just looking for someone to hang out with and do a little fooling around. As time went on their relationship grew stronger and more intense until there was no one else visible to them but each other. 

Joan was beautiful but not really in a tradition beauty queen sort of way. She had an alternative kind of attraction about her. She was short around 5'1" tall about 115 lbs with a very athletic build. She had bright green eyes with long light brown hair that she kept blonde highlights in. Joan had a really nice figure with an even better personality that everyone loved. 

James was a really good match as far as the muscular build and great personality but stood at 6'1" which caused him to tower over Joan. It was one of the things that first attracted Joan to him in the first place. James had a strong jawline and light blue eyes almost grey to go with his sandy blonde hair. 

Together they were a really good match. In high school he was mvp of the baseball team while she was captain of the cheerleading squad. They both loved sports but what they enjoyed most of all was partying and exploring each other's bodies. They had no limits or inhibitions, but being new to sex little experimentation took place. They usually would go out and get wasted and end up fucking in his pickup or on a friends bed. Occasionally one of Joan's girlfriends would walk in and join in. 

Life went on like this for a while on into their marriage, but like most marriages, the fire kind of simmered down and routine kicked in and took hold. Joan and James got busy with their careers and friends. Their attention and emotions were spread thin and scattered in all direction all the time. So, by the time they were together in the evening time, exhaustion prevented them from connecting in any kind of meaningful way. After years of neglect and loneliness James confronted Joan one evening. 

"Are you happy?" he said. 

Joan replied, "Happy with what?"

"Our marriage, life, in general, I mean are you happy at how we turned out," James said.

Joan was kind of taken back because it had been some time since he had shown any real emotion and stood silent in her shock for a moment. "I love you if that's what you're asking," she said. 

"No, I mean ..." James started to say when Joan cut him off. 

"I know what you mean James." "We were so hot for each other when we first got together but now we hardly ever have sex."

James said "I would like for us to have it more often." "I always want to, but it's like you never have time for me or you're tired." "You just never really seem to be too interested."

Joan's demeanor seemed to change right before James. 

"What?" He said as she seemed to look right through him. 

"When I said we hardly ever have sex, I meant with each other," she said. "There's several college interns at work that I have been fooling around with." 

"Are you fucking kidding me?!" James blurted out. "What do you mean fooling around?"

It started off with me giving a blow job here and there, and you know how guys are they started talking and found out that I was blowing all of them. So a couple of them came together and pretty much forced me to blow both of them at the same time. Well, I wouldn't say forced. They didn't have to try all that hard. Next thing I know there are two more guys in there and I am riding the biggest dick I have ever seen while the other guy is fucking my face. Variations of this happen probably at least twice a week. It would happen more but these guys are gentlemen and give me a couple of days or so to recover from the tremendous fucking they administer. Last week I passed out while one of them was fucking my throat and I woke up being double penetrated. I have never had such pleas...

James couldn't believe what he was hearing. His sweet wife was standing in front of him telling him about guys repeatedly using her as a fuck doll as if he is one of her girlfriends she dishing to. "It like she doesn't see anything wrong with it at all," he thought to himself. "When did all this start and why?" He asked. 

Joan had never stopped talking until he asked this and it was as if she suddenly came out of a trance. 

"I am so sorry James" she said as she began to cry. " I have been wanting to tell you. I didn't mean to say all that I said but as soon as I started thinking about sex something came over me and it was like I was there with those guys all over again. I don't know what has been happening to me but all at once I lose control of my mind and body like I am possessed or something. It has been going on for a while now. It started the day after I went with my cousin to that sex toy party. Now every time I see another man, all I can think about it how big his cock must be and what it tastes like. I immediately get wet just thinking about it. 

He noticed that her eyes filled with passion and desire. He could almost feel the sexual energy that she was giving off. It was like electricity in the air. He felt himself growing hard in his pants. 

"Fuck me James!" Joan said as she pushed her body against his shoving him back against the wall. "I want your cock inside me NOW!"

James pushed her back as he tried to free himself from being pinned to the wall. "Hell no, go fuck yourself," he said still suffering from the sting of her confessions. 

Joan pushing him back against the wall with strength James had never encountered this kind of strength from her before. She said "I will fuck you and you are going to please me!" She grabbed his stiffening member through his pants while holding him against the wall with the other. She gave it a squeeze and began unfastening his button and unzipping him until his now rock hard 8 inch cock reported from inside. "Very nice," she said taking him in her warm hand and stroking him softly. 

Joan released him from being pinned on the wall and James tried to slide against the wall away from her, but as soon as she bent down and took him into her mouth, his body froze. He tried to moved but his muscles would not cooperate. She took his cock all the way in her mouth and into her throat instantly. She very quickly was bobbing her head on his dick. She had given him many blow jobs over the years but nothing like this. It was amazing. The longer she sucked him the closer he got to cumming and the closer he got the more the room seemed to close in around him. His vision was narrowing and darkness was encircling them both. He wasn't sure what was happening but he did know that there was nothing he could do about it. She stopped sucking his dick and turned around backing her ass onto his saliva covered cock. She shoved her ass firmly back against him plunging his cock inside until his balls were resting against her dripping pussy. Wasting no time she began rocking her body into him. Frozen James stood there while his wife expertly fucked herself onto his throbbing cock. He was going to cum any second. Then suddenly as he felt his balls begin to empty his seed into her ass, everything went completely dark. Not like the lights went, but like James was transported to a place where light has never existed. 

"What the fuck," James gasped, "and where is Joan and where am I?" "Welcome slave to my home" a voice said from the darkness. It seemed to come from everywhere all around James and maybe even from within him. "You belong to me now and you will serve me." The voice said. 

"Serve you how?" James asked. 

"Just like your wife serves me," the voice said. She is such a good puppet. She does well but I can only use the potential a person has inside them. I draw my power from the desire and pleasure of you mortals. The more forbidden the greater the power, but like I said I can only go so far. I can't make anyone do anything they don't already want to do. James, you have more potential in you than anyone I have ever encountered even more than your slutty wife. I am going to set you free from all the things that keep you from unleashing your sexually fury into the world. When I do this you will provide me with limitless power. 

James vision started returning. He felt Joan's ass pressed against his hips again. Her tight ass gripping his cock. 

"James oooh, your cock is too big" Joan moaned. "Take it out," she pleaded. 

James looked down and his cock seemed to be thicker. He pulled out a little to see and it definitely was. Joan trying to get his now extra girthy cock out from between her cheeks moved away from James. 

"Get back here you dirty whore," he said slamming her all the way back down on his now 10 in dick. 

"Aaaaah" she whimpered "please James no, it's too big."

"Shut the fuck up Joan. I know how much you love and crave cock now" he said. I am going to give you more than you'll ever need he said as he walked her forward bending her over their dining room table. Her face slapped against the table when James pushed her down and her hands went straight out above her head to lay flat one the hardwood table top. "You're gonna love this baby, he said as he began to thrust into her stretched asshole. 

"Ooooh baby fuck me fuck me fuck yes yes yes yes," she said as he impaled her with his cock. Her body was numb with pleasure all she could do was lay there and accept her fate that she was always going to be a prisoner to his cock from this day on. Joan moaned louder and louder. "Fuck me, give me that monster cock, fill me with cum, I want it, I need it, give it to me PLEASE!" She cried.

James pulled her from the table and to a squat on the floor and shoved his cock into her mouth just as cum began spewing from it like a firehose. She tried to suck it all down her throat but it was too much and she began to choke causing cum and his cock to be expelled from her mouth and cover her round perky tits. James was still cumming and grabbed his cock and covered her face with semen before cramming it back in her mouth. Joan slurped and licked his cock clean and then kept licking and sucking until James pulled it from her. 

"Get up and clean this mess up and then call some of your girlfriends to come over for me to fuck later," James said. "Right now I feel like going to have a beer down at the bar." 

She did as she was told without a word and watched him get dressed leave after she kissed him on the cheek. 

As soon as James stepped out into the daylight of the setting sun, it was as if he just woke up. He had walked out kind of looking at the ground but when reality hit me his head snapped up as the door closed behind him. 

"What the fuck just happened?" James asked himself. Remembering the voice in the darkness he shook his head. "No way that really happened," he said as he continued walking toward his car. Once inside he backed from his driveway and drove toward his local bar. All along his drive, James struggled to take in everything. "Did Joan really do the things she said or is she.... "

"Or is she what" James thought to himself but it didn't seem like it was him asking. "Or is she actually a supercharged slut desperately craving to be filled with cock no matter who it belongs to?" 

James didn't know what to think or how to feel. "I just need to get a drink in me to clear my head" he thought. 

James pulled up to "Sugar's", a place he had been going to since college. It was a really quiet place most of the week but would really get rowdy on the weekend. It always had a really good crowd with good music and a large dance floor. James stepped up to the bar that had a couple of guys sitting at one need watching the game. He took a seat and asked for a whiskey. Drinking it all in one swallow asked for another when he put it on the bar. 

"What am I going to do," he asked himself " where do I go from here?" He thought for awhile while drinking and watching other patrons slowly begin to trickle in to fill the place. "Ok let's say that what happened to me with the voice is real and it also happened to her then even though it's her actual desires, it's not her fault because her restraint has been removed."

"You're right you know," said that guy sitting next to James at the bar that he hadn't notice sit down. 

"Right about what?" James asked

"You're right, it's not her fault" said the man. "Don't worry your weren't thinking out loud, let me introduce myself" " I am Patrick, and I I have some of the answers you are seeking."

James still believing he was thinking out load said, "look man, I am not up for whatever you have going on" I appreciate it if you're just trying to help but I don't want any, thanks anyway," James said as he started to stand.

"That's fine, I guess, I mean if you want to stay a slave for the rest of your life, that's your business," Patrick said 

James stopped turning away and said, "slave, what do you know about it."

"I am like a neutral between your world and the other," Patrick said, " more of an observer than anything." James was sitting back down upon hearing this satisfied there was more to this guy than what met the eye. "You see, your wife went to this party and on a dare gave a mock blowjob to this stone dildo." What she didn't know was this party was being hosted by another such as myself that isn't as neutral as she pretends to be. Joan really put some effort into it and was already aroused from the other games that were being played and all the sex talk. So when she began imagining the stone cock cumming, she couldn't help it but to have an orgasm herself. Doing this she opened the door to his world. I don't say his name. Just us talking about him gives him strength. He said he couldn't control you; he should have said yet. Joan opened the door and his strength grows with each person you have sex with. Right now he has Joan and those guys from her office but he only draws a portion from them. He has claimed you as as host and you are his primary provider. So in order to defeat him you must be abstinent. 

"What," James gasped, "no fucking way." I didn't do anything wrong here but have sex with my wife.

"If you want to beat him you must, it's the only way," Patrick said. He can't leave your body unless you have sex with another person; then he can never be set free. If he is set free he will have unimaginable power and will be able to control you then. He will make you do unthinkable things way beyond sex. He will destroy everything that anyone cares about. Destruction will be the on....

James's mind drifted away from the rantings of the stranger he had just met. "This guy is full of shit," he told himself, " abstinence yeah right." James got up and left Patrick talking at the bar. "I've got to get outta here," he said stepping outside.

"Me too," said a sexy voice from behind him. This place has too many weirdos for a week night. 

"Yeah" James said as he turned to see if the body matched the voice. He wasn't disappointed. She was 5'10" tall with olive skin dark auburn hair with at least D-sized tits and a waist he could almost wrap his fingers around. "Wow" he said out loud. 

"Oh, You like what you see huh?" She asked.

"Oh Yeah" James said.

"Hi, I am Amber" she said extending her hand to him.

"It's not really your name that I am interested in, but I am James" he said thinking to himself, "what are you saying?" 

"That's ok, I didn't follow you out to talk anyway." She said as stepped in against his body. "I've got a room not to far from here if you are up to it," Amber said as she placed a hand on his stiffening rod " and it definitely feels like you are."

A thousand thoughts began to swirl around his head. What about Joan? What if what Patrick said is true? Is this something I want or is the voice in control? "I can't," he said stepping away from Amber " I just got some things to work out and I just can't be going to a strange woman's room right now."

"That's fine by me too," she said as she wrapped her arms around him to pull him in for a deep passionate kiss. Right there on the street, as people walked by they kissed and sucked on each other's tongue; letting them slip back and forth between them. "You know you want this body," she said as she took him by the hand leading him into an alley next to the bar. 

James wanted to protest. He wanted to pull his hand from hers and walk away but deep down he knew he had to have her. She lead him behind a dumpster where she sat on an over turned crate. She grabbed his waist and began to unfasten his pants. She reached inside and gasped at the size of his meaty cock letting it fall back inside.

"Look," she said "maybe things got out of hand and I got kinda carried away, but ..."

"But nothing girl," James snapped " you wanted it now it's too late!" James pulled his cock from his pants as he grabbed her by the hair pulling her face toward him tilted sideways. He bounced his ever stiffening cock against her face, as he did this he could hear an echoing dark laugh from within him.

"Yes fuck her face, give me what I need," a voice said inside his head. "Make her take it if she's not willing to put out."

"NO!" James shouted to no one in sight. "I can't do this. What Patrick said is true. I can feel his presence in me."

"I am going to have your presence in me," Amber said as she sucked his cock into her mouth and began to suck hard on his cock. 

James let out a deep moan. Amber was sucking him further and further into her mouth until James felt her have against his groin. Her tongue slithered out and licked the underside of his balls and began to go further until he felt it pressing against his ass. Amber pulled her face off of his cock and James fell against the other brick wall in the narrow alley.

"See Master, I told you he wasn't the one you were seeking," she said to James as though she wasn't speaking to him. 

With that James found new life and almost running crammed his dick all the way back down her throat. "What is she?" He thought to himself.

"She is my pet, a mix breed of human and something else," the voice said to James. She can fulfill your darkest fantasy. I send her when I need to make sure you get through your initial transition. 

James felt her tongue back hot and wet against his ass when he felt himself open up and her tongue slid inside while he fucked her face. He could feel her throat milking his cock while she tongue fucked his ass. 

"What's going on back here?" "Freeze!" cried the voice again from the end of the alley. The policeman walked toward James with his gun drawn and a flashlight shining brightly on him. 

James suddenly felt himself alone with his dick in his hand and his finger in his ass. The policeman approached James cautiously. James went to pull is finger from his ass when policeman shouted, "I said freeze motherfucker." James did as he was told. The policeman got close enough to see exactly what James had in his hands and noticeably relaxed a little. "What the fuck are you doing?" The policeman asked. " I could have shot you." I thought someone was being mugged back here. Sir could you please remove your hands and sit on that crate please.

James started to explain how he ended up in this situation, but knew that would definitely get him locked up in the psych ward. "I came back here to take a piss and got carried away I guess. 

"You should have waited until you got home, sir, now I am going to have to run you in" said the policeman. 
