 WRITER'S NOTE: This story takes place after the events of MATING WITH THE PRIESTESS. It is not a treatise on religion, just a story about marital love and the supernatural events in the lives of the Carter family and their allies.

Priestess-Bride and the Spirit

Astrid slowed down to maneuver the sports car between pot holes in the oyster shell driveway. She'd been to Cartier Plantation hundreds of times, but never alone. It already felt different.

As priestess she would normally preside over the Solstice ceremonies of the Sisterhood, but as newly weds, she and Lucius were excused from their duties so they could spend the holy night together. They would have come to Cartier together if his cousins had not called him to the law office. He would join her in a few hours.

Though gaily painted, the raised Creole house loomed big and grey under the cloudy December sky. As she stepped out of the car she tried to comfort herself with pleasant memories. "Momma brought me here to be initiated," she said out loud. "I was elevated to priestess here. I was married here. Now I'm here as... Mrs.... Lucius... Carter..., lady of the house." Reassured with herself, she reached into the trunk for her canvas suitcase and the picnic basket and started up the front steps.

"Enter through the left door, like the Creole lady you are," she continued as she fumbled with the lock. 

Designed for cooling in the Louisiana summer, the house was especially chilly. Astrid looked at the marble fireplace and remembered standing in this room as an eleven year old girl, with her mother, grandmother and older sister bidding her welcome as an initiate of the Sisterhood: In the Old Way, a girl was welcomed into the women's assembly during her first menstrual cycle.

She found the thermostat, grateful for the renovations Lucius' family had made in his absence, and turned on the electric furnace. Every New Orleanean loves the smell of a furnace on the first cold day of winter as it comes to life for the first time in six months. "Not too warm," she said aloud as she adjusted the thermostat. "I want it cool enough to cuddle tonight."

Leaving the picnic basket in the dining room, she stepped into the master bedroom, plopped the suitcase on the antique bed and unzipped it. The first thing she saw was her tartan wool dress. She picked it up and held it to shake the wrinkles out. Lined with soft silk, it was usually too warm to wear in Louisiana, but from experience she knew it was perfect for winter evenings at Cartier. For an instant she considered being naked under it, but decided against that. "The last time we were here we were naked in front of the entire coven," she said out loud and reached for the teddy she had packed. "Tonight, I want him to undress me and do it UNDER THE COVERS!"

"Good idea, dear."

Astrid almost jumped out of her shoes at the voice. She spun around to face Sister Elizabeth, the ghostly nun who frequently visited Lucius. Astrid didn't like those visits: Elizabeth and Lucius had been lovers before Liz took her vows as a novice, and her visits usually heralded something unpleasant in the battle against Lucius' enemies. 

But this time Liz was smiling, almost glowing. She turned to the ancient armoire and opened it, taking a handful of hangers. "Please continue changing your clothes dear," the ghost said. "Hand the suit to me and I'll hang it for you."

Astrid hesitated, and then decided that if it came to a duel between them, her state of dress or undress would make no difference, so she removed the polyester jacket and handed it to Liz.

"I've never undressed in front of a nun," Astrid said as Liz put the coat on a hanger, "not to mention a DEAD nun."

Liz giggled. "If I had a penny for every time a teenager said that to me in physical education class I could have put a new roof on St. Genesius myself. Not the 'dead nun' part, of course!" She turned her back completely to Astrid as if to say "I'm not afraid of you either, dear," but neither commented on it. Astrid kicked off her shoes and unzipped her skirt. Liz hung it also as Astrid unbuttoned the blouse. 

"As I was saying, dear, I think you're absolutely right: Lucius should have some very feminine attire to remove from your body tonight. You didn't have much of a honeymoon in Montana."

A chill ran up Astrid's spine at the thought. What should have been her honeymoon was a life-and-death battle with Aaron and Phinneas, Lucius' vampire brothers. The combination of Lucius' powers and the Native American magic of the Aberdeens had sent them back into hiding, but there had been casualties.

Astrid peeled off her pantyhose as Liz hung her blouse. Liz reached behind Astrid, saying "Let me get that for you, dear," and unhooked her bra, which dropped over Astrid's arms onto the bed. Astrid was now naked and started to reach for her lingerie when Liz suggested "Why don't you use the bathroom before you put that on, dear."

It occurred to Astrid that Elizabeth was acting far too familiar with her, but nudity and bodily functions were not private matters in the Old Way. She grabbed her makeup bag and proceeded to the bathroom. She started to close the door, then thought it would make no difference to the ghost. As she sat on the toilet to relieve her bladder she asked "So, Liz, did you come to help me change or do you have another reason to be here?"

"Correct again, dear," said Liz. "I've come to give you an assignment. I'll wait until you come out to tell you. 

Astrid washed her hands and face, dried them and stepped back into the bedroom. Liz had put away the suitcase and everything except the lingerie, tartan dress and Astrid's white squaw boots. She rolled the teddy in both hands and held it up. Astrid put her arms and head through it and closed the crotch herself, tying the ribbons in neat bows. Liz wrapped Astrid's garter belt around the priestess' hips and stood back to let her put her stockings on. As Astrid clipped the second stocking to the belt Liz knelt in front of her and put the squaw boots on her feet. Then she stood, picked up the tartan dress and held it up for Astrid.

Wrapped in the warm dress over her most sexually provocative lingerie, Astrid sat down on the bed and asked "So what have you come to tell me?"

The ghost sat next to her like a sister or best friend might.

"Do you remember Katie Boudreau?"

"I remember the name," Astrid replied. "Philippe Trufont's former girlfriend, really sad situation."

"Terribly sad situation," said Liz. "You must reach out to her."

"I... I've never met her."

"Tell her we were friends."

"Were we?"

"We are," said Liz. "I usually see only possibilities of the future, but in Katie's case, I have been allowed to see what MUST come to pass. She will eventually recover her sanity if you bring her into the Sisterhood."

Astrid was offended. "The Sisterhood is no place for mad women! Our faith is as real to us as yours is to you!"

"Exactly my point," the nun replied. "In order for her to complete the Master's plans she must meet Him through the Old Way. I'm sure that sounds strange, coming from me, but I have been enlightened since we last met."

"Enlightened?" Astrid asked.

"Allowed to see what would have happened to the six women Lucius and Philippe killed. Next time I see Lucius I will apologize for my anger last time. Their executions were entirely appropriate."

"I never discussed that with Lucius..." Astrid started to say more but couldn't find the right words.

"I'm sorry you had to forego a true bridal trip, dear," said the ghost. "Make up for it tonight. Say nothing to Lucius of this conversation until you hear from me again." 

Liz placed her hand over Astrid's heart. A warm, happy feeling washed over the priestess, but she managed to stammer "T... two questions..."

"Go ahead dear," said the ghost.

"You and Lucius....?"

Liz smiled. "I didn't realize that even though I was still a 'technical virgin,' as the girls say today, that I had given him my heart when we joined our bodies. But darling, I'm dead now, and in this life YOU are his soul mate. Be happy with him." She kept her hand on Astrid's chest.

"Will... I... have... his... children?" Astrid stammered, almost loosing consciousness.

"It is a possibility," said the ghost. It was the last thing Astrid remembered for the next few hours.

Astrid was curled up on the bed in her warm dress when Lucius woke her with a kiss and a soft "Hello, Sleeping Beauty."

Astrid wrapped her arms around him and wrestled him down to the mattress. She smothered his face with kisses. 

Lu was surprised: Astrid was not usually so aggressive in the bedroom as to judo-flip him into the sack. One of her hands held his neck so he couldn't avoid her kisses. Her other hand fumbled with his shirt buttons. When she broke to take a breath, he managed to ask "May I take my shoes off?"

Astrid responded by rolling down to his feet. Each hand untied a shoelace, then she pulled the shoes off and dropped them to the floor. She pulled off his right sock and rubbed his foot with both hands. An impulsive smile crossed her face and she bent down to take his big toe between her teeth, looking at his face as she pretended to nibble on it.

"Astrid, are you alright?" Lu asked.

"Never better, dear," she said, reaching for his left foot.

"May I take the rest of my clothes off before you resume this mugging?" he tried to joke.

"Good idea! You do that while I turn down the covers," she said and stepped off the side of the bed. "Come on, up!" she ordered.

Lu rolled off the opposite side and started to undress. Astrid flipped the covers half-way down and pulled off the tartan dress. Lu paused to admire the sight, which was exactly what she wanted him to do before she climbed back into the bed.

Lu dropped his clothes on the floor, turned off the light and joined her. She quickly covered them both and resumed her attack, wrapping herself around him and pressing her silk-wrapped body against his bare one. 

Under the covers his hands fumbled blindly for the ribbons, to expose her crotch. As soon as the bows were untied she was on top of him, taking his manhood into her body with enthusiasm. She didn't raise herself up in a "cowgirl" posture, but continued to press against him as he thrusted upwards and she ground herself against his groin. It would be difficult to say whose orgasm began first, but hers continued long after he had filled her with his sperm. 

As they recovered their breath Astrid rolled off her husband and snuggled under his arm, her cheek on his chest. Outside, the clouds had parted and moonlight shown through the window to illuminate the lovers.

"What got into you tonight?" Lucius asked her.

She chuckled, her body moving out of rhythm with his labored breathing. "You mean besides my husband? Just a little girl-talk with a friend."

Lucius' stomach growled. Astrid turned her head to look him in the face. 

"I brought bread, cheese and wine," she said.

Since the ancient house was still cool Astrid put her tartan dress back on. Lu found his robe in the armoire and let her lead him by the hand to the dining room.

Astrid's picnic basket was exactly as she left it. She pulled out a chair and motioned to Lu.

"Let me serve you, my 'ISHI,'" she smiled, using the ancient term for "husband."

As Astrid prepared his plate she asked "What was so important that Jacques needed you at the office, today of all days?"

"Oh," said Lu, "just a matter dealing with one of our sugar farmers. The Boudreau family has had a difficult time since my brothers bit their daughter. Jacques just needed my authorization to help them complete... Astrid? Are you alright?"

She was frozen, staring at him wide-eyed. "Boudreau? Katie Boudreau?" she asked.

"I think that's her name. Do you know her?"

Liz had told Astrid to keep their conversation from Lu, so she said "I've heard of her. Can I meet her some time soon?"

"Sure, I'll set it up after Christmas."

Astrid set a plate of cheese and bread in front of Lu then poured a glass of wine. Next, she surprised him again by climbing into his lap, picking up the wine and taking a sip herself before holding it to her husband's lips. She fed him with her right hand, occasionally taking a bite herself, while hugging him close with her left arm. He kept his arms around her hips the entire time.

As Astrid took the last bite of cheese Lu broke the silence. "One other thing, Sweetie: We got a strange Christmas card today. Something I can't read."

"Really?" she smiled, ready to drag him back to bed. She really didn't want to talk about Christmas cards. Although the Old Way recognized the Deity of Jesus, neither Brotherhood nor Sisterhood held ceremonies for December 25th. The night of the solstice was their holy time.

"It's written in what looks like your women's runes. You need to see it... it's in the pocket of my coat."

That someone would use women's runes peaked Astrid's curiosity, so she got up and went to the coat rack. She pulled out the red envelope and took out the card. It was just a drugstore card, "Merry Christmas and Happy New Year," but her eyes popped at the cryptic writing.

"It's from 'MOON!" she cried. "She opened a portal and Philippe is with her!"

"But he's only been in the other world a few months... how did she..." Lu didn't finish before Astrid flew into his arms again.

"Her abilities have surpassed mine!" she screamed in his ear. "And they can be together, too! On the most special night of winter, they can be together!...And so are we..." She began to smother Lucius with kisses again.

Lu didn't get the chance to say how happy he was with his granddaughter's supernatural powers. He just wondered if he was going to survive a full night in his priestess-bride's bed. 

Neither of them looked out the window to see the translucent form of Elizabeth smiling at them in the moonlight.