 A/N

This is the sequel to my story "primal lust". If you haven't read that story yet I suggest you read it first as I make many references to it in this story. 

Please enjoy.

*****

"You have one new message," the answering machine was the first thing Jenny checked whenever she got home. After the events of last years attack she opted to put off school for the time being and just got a data entry job at a local insurance firm. 

"Hey it's me. Just hoping you are still coming out tonight..." it was her best friend Chelsea. Chelsea and Jenny had been friends for as long as Jenny could remember. She has been a big help in Jenny's psychological recovery.

Jenny quickly showered and dressed and headed to the club to meet her friend. Since the attack she has since gotten a car so she will never be stuck like she was that night.

She dressed in a tight and skimpy pink dress. It had been a year since more than just the attack and she felt it was time to move on and find a guy to share her bed with tonight .

Jenny met up with Chelsea and the two gushed over their outfits. "I'm so glad you came," Chelsea said. the two chatted a bit more before entering the club.

The girls partied the night away enjoying the atmosphere and all the stares from the guys. Jenny was a knock out with her large shapely breasts and creamy white skin. Chelsea was no slouch but she couldn't hold a candle to Jenny.

As the night drew on Jenny decided she needed to freshen up but left her purse in her car. She left the club alone to go to the parking garage a block over and retrieve her purse.

Jenny was returning from her car when she heard a scream. "Chels?" she asked loudly. She walked closer towards where she heard the sound and gasped when she saw a woman on the floor surrounded by a pool of blood. A dead girl with no head wearing ... "oh god!" she blurted out. It was Chelsea. Her best friend had been decapitated. She tried to calm herself and close her eyes and remember all she was taught about reality testing. People who have been through the trauma Jenny had experience stress based hallucinations. 

Her eyes closed she began to count to backwards from ten. She stood there for several seconds centering herself. it was only when her nerves calmed a bit more that she opened her eyes and was treated to the horrors of reality. 

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!" she screamed. The scene had not changed. Not. One. Bit. Jenny stood there frozen in fear. "No, It can't be. She can't be..." Jenny said as she stood watching her best friend lie headless in a pool of her own blood.

Jenny began to slowly move towards her friend's body. Against her better judgment she doesn't scream for fear it will hear her. She knows what did this... in her heart of hearts she knows. 

Slowly she walked, inching her way to her friend's headless corpse. Caution increasing with each step. Her heart was beating so hard she felt her chest would explode. She kept moving forward until her stiletto heels were in the blood. She needed to get close. She needed to be sure.

"Bffs 4 life." It was the saying on the dead girls bracelet. The same saying on a bracelet Jenny wore almost all the time. A bracelet she was wearing right now. She remembered when they made them at camp when both girls were headed to fifth grade. It was Chelsea. Jenny's best friend is dead.

"Oh god," Jenny cried, "why is this happening?"

As she stood there she could hear nothing but the sound of her own heartbeat in her ears. That and the dripping. The parking garage was dead silent tonight and no one else seemed to be around despite all the cars around her. The dripping just seemed to get louder... closer.

She didn't want to turn to look. She really didn't. It was as if she were in a dream... or someone else's nightmare. Those eyes. The glowing eyes from before. From the forest.

"Nooooo!" she screamed and turned to run. The creature dropped what was left of Chelsea's head in the pool of blood that was dripping onto the floor and chased after the girl. She made it all of four cars down in her strap heels before she was pinned down by the creature.

"No, please god not again," she pleaded to heaven for salvation but none came. The creature looked at her seemingly sizing her up, looking over her curves and the swells of her breasts that were heaving as she laid there breathing heavily. 

The creature pressed its body against Jenny. It stood over her with its snarling teeth and fur covered head. It slid its clawed hand down her body ripping the top of her skimpy pink dress to shreds as her breasts bounce free of their couture confines. Jenny looked away not wanting to see what was happening knowing full well what the creature wanted it still shocked her. 

She knew to scream would bring more victims to the slaughter so she kept quiet as best she could as the creature ripped apart the rest of her dress. She chose to go without panties tonight. The creature looked down and seemed to smile at the girl and rubbed its crotch against hers. 

Against her will the girl began to moisten stimulated by the creature's rough fur. The creatures member became slick with her juices as she sobbed beneath her captor. Her cheeks reddened with embarrassment and disgust with herself. On some level she was enjoying this at least her body was anyway. 

The creature leaned in sniffing at her neck before extending its long tongue and lapping at her breasts. "No, please," she pleaded. The creatures tongue ran down and around her large creamy white breasts. It seemed to love the taste of her skin. " God no," she could barely stifle her cries as the creatures rough tongue slid all around her breasts while the creature rubbed its giant furry cock up and down her wetness.

Her nipples hardened almost immediately sticking out like gumdrops for the creatures delight. Despite herself she could feel a heat rising within her at the sensations of the creature's body atop her own. She began to squirm beneath the creature. 'If only I could reach my purse,' she thought. 

She reached up towards it with the intent of stabbing the creature's eyes with her keys, only to have the creature grab her breast and squeeze hard sinking in its claws. "Ah!" she yelped in pain. She understood all too well the power the creature had. 

"Hey!" came a voice from the distance. It was faint but filled Jenny with hope... then fear. 

'Who... whoever that is will be killed too' she thought. 

The creature left the girl and made a bee line for where the voice was coming from. 

"Noooo!" she screamed but was too late. The creatures speed was too much for the Good Samaritan and with one swipe of its powerful claws the man was cleaved in two. His blood sprayed all over the creature and it shook it off like a wet dog. Then it turned back to Jenny who had disappeared. The girl had ditched her shoes and ran off into the night.

Jenny got outside and ran towards her car. She reached for her purse to get her keys and her heart sunk. Her purse... she left it upstairs. With no other options she took off into the wooded area around her. It was a large park. She knew if she could just get across it she could get help.

There was no moon on this night just a few stars drowned out by the building lights of the city. She ran fast into the thick wooded park. with no light to guide her she tripped and fell countless times but always got back up to run some more. Each time she fell she hit her knees harder and harder.

She looked behind and all around her and saw nothing but darkness and the night sky through the trees. She was scared and confused and terribly lost. All she could do is keep running, she knows that now.

The girl ran around in the dark seemingly in circles until tired and dizzy she fell to her knees. She stayed there on all fours resting until she smelled it. The hot, musky stench that plagued her nightmares. She looked up to find the creature staring down at her with its glowing yellow eyes. What's worse is its engorged throbbing member was mere inches from her soft lips. 

In on e swift motion the creature placed its clawed hand behind her head and thrusted. She could only gasp before her mouth was filled with the creatures cock. She grumbled protests but opened her mouth wider for the creature so as to not have herself hurt by its thrusts. 

Suddenly the creature pushed more of its cock into her wet hot mouth forcing her jaws wider apart as the invading manhood slid deeper and deeper. She could do nothing but grunt her displeasure as the creature humped her face.

Warm pre-cum oozed into her mouth as it fucked her face. Among the wet sounds of her throat being fucked was a dripping. The creature licked slowly along her back and down to her ass and pussy where it was greeted by her wetness. Despite herself her body was enjoying this. 

A pleasurable heat radiated from within her. She began to suck hoping that if she got the creature off that it would leave her alone. She licked around its shaft as the creatures cock continued its assault on her mouth. 

Tears began to stream down the girls face as she was mouth raped by this monster. Its cock slid down her throat blocking her air way.

Suddenly the girl began to panic. She couldn't breath. She was getting dizzy, her vision getting all fuzzy. Soon she passed out.

The creature however was not done and fucked her face in earnest to a leg shaking climax. Jenny awoke to her belly being filled by the monsters cum. The creature pulled out of her mouth still engorged but letting her draw breath.

The girl coughed and spat up what little cum she could of the creatures. Before she could recover however the creature had taken position behind her. The creature sunk its claws into Jenny's shoulders keeping the girl still. Without any hesitation the creature entered her.

"Gahhhhh!" Jenny screamed. She was so wet that it barely hurt when the creature's massive cock still drenched in her saliva entered her. She screamed just the same though. She threw her head back screaming as the creature penetrated what she affectionately called her love tunnel. Her breasts rocked and swayed with each powerful thrust. 

She could hear the sounds of the invading cock pummeling her pussy. She could do nothing but look behind her and plead for mercy from her monstrous lover. The creatures cock pressed painfully against her cervix as it fucked her. It howled lustfully into the night as it slammed into her over and over.

"Uh-ahhh," she couldn't believe her ears as she was moaning for this monster. The creature smiled and thrusted harder and faster into her.

"Uh uh no no no no!" she screamed as she came creaming all over the creatures cock. She hated her body for loving this so much. Her only hope was that once the creature was done with her it would leave her be. 

Without realizing it she began to push back against the creature fucking herself on its massive cock. "Oh, fuck!" she moaned. Jenny couldn't believe she was enjoying it this much. "God, fuck me! mmmm!"

There she was on the park floor begging the creature to fuck her when she should have been screaming for help. The creature buried its monstrous cock in her cunt to the hilt and kept fucking her close.

Jenny's eyes glazed over. She could do nothing but moan now for the creature. She lay on her breasts and just kept her pussy elevated for the beasts cock. 

The creature gripped her plump creamy white ass and slammed into her over and over making her moan with delight. She was in some kind of pleasure trance as she came over and over on the creature's massive cock.

"Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck!" she screamed feeling herself lose all sense of the world around her. She could feel from deep within her all the orgasms exploding forth from her.

The creature gripped on and howled one final time as it unleashed its seed into Jenny's throbbing swollen pussy. Jenny could do nothing but smile as she felt the creature empty its balls into her releasing more cum than she's ever taken in her life. 

The creature withdraws its now flaccid cock spilling the excess of its seed all over Jenny's ass and back. The girl slumps over onto the ground passing out. The creature looks her over smiling then scoops her up into its arms and walks off into the night. 

END.

*****

A/N

Not sure if I want to end the series here or not. Feel free to email me suggestions or ideas. Thanks for reading.

- K