 Sarah dropped through the new prisoner shoot, landing with a thud on the cold, hard clay. Fortunately, for her, the guards didn't put her in the shoot headfirst. One of the ground troops grabbed her arm and yanked her to her feet. He put his double-nostril nose in her face, inhaled her sent and cocked his head to the side. A smile spread across his face. He always took a whiff of new inmates to smell the fear coursing through their veins. 

He slung the assault rifle over his shoulder and cut the ropes from Sarah's wrists. "Welcome to Cell Block D," he said through the translation box that was around his throat. He turned and went back to his station. Sarah didn't know what to do. She had family members who had been to prison and she heard many gruesome stories. Her only consolation was that her x-con family members were all men.

Cell Block D was the home of nonviolent offenders. Most D Block inmates were little more than protesters. Since the new regime took power, more liberties were suspended. Sarah was going to serve a one-year sentence for protesting outside of the White House. The More Opportunities Movement was doing their best to ensure otherworldly creatures had the same rights as humans.

Sarah snapped back into reality when one woman grabbed her from behind and put her in a headlock. Two women walked up from her left and right. Sarah didn't know what to do having never been in a fight. The woman on her right said, "I will be taking these." and she grabbed Sarah's boots. The thief let Sarah out of the headlock and she dropped to her knees gasping for air. The girl standing behind her grabbed her by the hair and told her to sit up. She felt her shirt being lifted over her head and saw it land beside her. Her bra snapped open and her full breasts fell from their restraints. The woman on Sarah's left pulled the bra off. 

Sarah heard the girls laughing as she tried to cover up. All three gathered in front of her. The lead woman said, "You better learn quick and thanks for the goods." The leader put her foot square on Sarah's forehead and pushed her back onto the ground. The women scampered away with their booty in tow. 

Sarah grabbed her shirt, covered herself with it, and ran to a corner. She faced the wall and put the shirt on hoping nobody was going to see her, not knowing how to handle the lack of privacy. Giggles reverberated off the walls and Sarah looked over the shoulder to see if anyone was approaching her. Everybody was standing in small cliques and seemed to have nothing better to do than stare at the newbie. She felt exposed even after putting her shirt back on. She folded her arms across her chest so her breasts would not bounce as she walked. 

A red light flashed and an intermittent bell sounded. The girls came running from the shadows of the cellblock. Sarah was able to see how many girls she was going to be living with and the number was not low. Girls rushed past her and brushed against her not bothering to say excuse me. Out of nowhere, a woman stepped to Sarah's right. 

Her hair was in a tight French braid, making her face look severe. Her sudden appearance made Sarah jump. Sarah immediately recognized the uniform as that of the high-ranking members of the disciplinary committee. They oversaw the actions of the prison guards. Each cellblock received only one General of Discipline to monitor the lower ranking ground troops. It was impressive this female was allowed to take keep her position after the regime change. The General slowly turned her head towards Sarah. "What's your name honey?" she said confidently, popping her gum.

"Sarah."

" Well Sarah," she said looking her up and down, pausing at her feet and breasts, "that buzzer and that flashing light mean that it is time to eat. Since you have been standing in the corner for this length of time, it's probably all gone. For advice, in the future you want to be the first person over there. Otherwise, you are going to be one hungry inmate. My name is Joyce. If you ever have a question about how things are done, someone's bothering you, or a guard is giving your grief, let me know." She gave Sarah a nod and continued walking the cellblock.

Sarah nodded her head well after Joyce walked away. She thought about telling Joyce about her stolen bra and boots, but she couldn't find the words to talk to such an intimidating person. Before the regime change, Generals of Discipline were the most revered prison officials and important members of the community.

The women were starting to walk back towards her. Some were wiping their mouths and some were sulking away. Two women were walking towards Sarah and looking straight at her. Sarah kept her head pointed to the ground, hoping they would walk past her. 

"Hey man," one of the women said. Sarah allowed her eyes to make contact with the woman, but immediately looked back at her feet. "I am talking to you. Look at me." The woman grabbed Sarah by the chin and pushed her head up. Sarah could feel her hot breath on her face. "My group is a woman down. It's best to work in groups of three. You are new and need a group. Join us?"

"I don't really have anybody else so I guess so." The woman was so matter-of-fact with Sarah that it sounded like a demand instead of a question. 

"My name is Jonasha and this is the second in command of the team, Ice. We stick together no matter what. We all have each other's back. When it is time for food, it is our responsibility to get to the food shaft as quickly as possible. Any food we get individually, we divide between ourselves. There is no need to have a single one of us go hungry. That compromises the safety of the group. 

"Feeding is three times a day and we eat after every meal to mitigate threats of thievery. We shower one at a time leaving two to guard our things. We saw you talking to Joyce the Choice earlier. You need to stay away from her. She's trouble. 

"Just because we are a team doesn't mean that we have to spend all of our time huddled up together. One of our duties is to talk with other teams in hope of making worthy alliances and to learn information. With that said, your fist obligation is always to us. If you ever feel like you have to make a choice, your choice has to be with us. If you betray us you will never be welcome and other groups will not take you in as a known traitor. Later we will introduce you to some of our allies. I wanted to pick you up as our third because I heard your arrest was because of the More Opportunities rally outside the White House. Our primary network consists of MOM members. Questions?"

"So just like that I'm in your group. I don't want to sound silly, but there isn't some type of identifying tattoo or initiation ritual?"

"We don't have a lot of excitement here. When there is a new drop, everyone knows and keeps an eye on the drop. It may seem like people are minding their own business, but they are actually monitoring this entire conversation. If you decide to join, you will walk away with us and share our sleeping area. All of the other inmates will see this and know you belong to us. Anything else?"

"Well thanks for accepting me into your group. I don't know what I would have done-."

"Surely if you had not joined up rather quickly you would probably die of starvation. It's almost impossible to get anything to eat without team members to back you up. Follow us back to our compound and I will show you where to sleep. You probably won't be able to sleep, but try anyway. Tomorrow we will walk you through your day so-to-speak. Soon you will learn to function on your own."

Sarah followed her new team back to a corner of the cellblock. She passed a room that had glass walls. Inside, 'Joyce the Choice' was sitting at a desk. She looked over her shoulder to see Joyce. As she was just about to turn her head forward, Joyce looked up from her desk and flashed Sarah a smile. Sarah jerked her head forward not wanting it to seem like she was staring. She had an eerie feeling in her stomach as if Joyce was aware of her presence before she looked up. 

About twenty yards from Joyce's office, Sarah arrived at what looked like small living quarters. There were two tent-like structures made out of two clotheslines with several blankets thrown over the top. Ice and Jonasha stood at each side of the tent opening and pulled the blankets aside. There was a very small space big enough for three people to lay lengthwise side-by-side. A pile of clothes was in the corner. A piece of leather was next to it. 

Sarah climbed in the tent and moved to one side. Ice followed behind her. "Newbie goes in the center. I was in the center before. Now it is your turn." Sarah moved to the center section. Ice was to her left and Jonasha was to her right. 

"I know this is going to sound crazy," Ice said as she pulled off her shirt. I saw you cower in the corner when you put your shirt on. We have no watches or windows so it is hard to gage time. When we sleep, it is day. It gets very hot because this building attracts solar rays and stores it throughout the day. At night, the stored solar energy powers many systems in the prison. It gets very hot while we sleep so we usually sleep naked. We keep these close quarters because if it rains or cloudy, less energy is collected and it gets cool. We never know when that is going to be, so we share body heat."

Ice and Jonasha undressed by the end of the speech. Each turned onto their sides facing opposite directions and looked ready for sleep. Sarah had always been a cold natured person as she was growing up. She decided to keep her clothing on to judge just how hot it was going to get. Earth was getting closer to the sun every year causing the average annual temperature to increase. Maybe they knew more than she did.

Sarah took off her clothes in the middle of the night. She used her shirt to wipe some of the sweat off her forehead and body. She took notice of the women lying beside her when her eyes adjusted to the light. She saw Ice had tiny breasts. She was definitely someone who wouldn't mind losing a bra. Jonasha's breasts were slightly larger. Both women had firm bodies and numerous scars. Sarah soon drifted back to sleep.

Sarah felt her ass slapped hard and immediately turned to her back shielding herself from other hits. She looked up and saw Ice and Jonasha standing above her. Both were dressed and tucking metal objects into their undergarments. 

"I'm sorry your first day is starting out like this, but we are going to need you to suit up. We don't expect you to make much of a contribution, but we still need to stand three strong," Jonasha said. Ice held Sarah's panties in her face. "I have no idea where you found such large panties," Jonasha said while patting herself down. "Put them on and here is a weapon that will fit inside." Jonasha handed her a cylindrical piece of metal with a pointed end. She put on her panties and tucked the instrument in her panties. She put on her remaining clothes and looked at the other girls for what to do next. 

Jonasha grabbed Ice by the back of the head and tilted it forward. She kissed the top of her head and slapped her butt. She reached for Sarah and did the same thing. Ice followed Jonasha out of the tent and Sarah followed closely behind Ice.

Ice whispered to Sarah, "Jonasha always leads and we flank. We're the dominant MOM alliance team. Another team is trying to take control and we are about to put them in their place. Stay close and follow our lead." Sarah saw another team of three approaching. They were following the same formation. Each woman was staring at her target. They met in the center of the cellblock. Guards were standing in groups as if they were about to see a prize fight. Jonasha pulled out a small dagger and touched it against the other leader's dagger. They circled each other slowly. 

A smile spread across Jonasha's face and she lunged for the leader, but she was too slow. The leader pulled Jonasha forward by her wrist and got Jonasha off balance. She pushed Jonasha down to the ground and went for her back. Jonasha flipped over just as her adversary straddled her and flipped her off onto her back. Then Jonasha was on top and wrapped her fingers around the girl's neck. 

Before the fight settled, the crowded disbanded. Sarah looked around wondering why people left. The four teammates remained standing in their formations and the leaders remained in battle. Sarah tried to mirror the actions of the other members but was also wondering what was going on. In the corner of her eye, she saw the General of Discipline approaching with a bucket in her hand.

She walked up to the tangled mess of warring leaders and dumped a bucket of ice water on them. The girls immediately broke away from each other and tried to keep their wet clothes from touching their skin. Ice put her hand in front of Sarah signaling her to stay put. Ice went over to Jonasha and helped her up. The other leader did the same and they started to line up in front of the General. 

Sarah joined ranks and mirrored the other women's actions. The General had a half smile on her face and paced back and forth in front of the girls. After two passes, she stopped in front of Sarah. Her eyes bore a hole through Sarah's head. Sarah was afraid to blink. In those few seconds, Sarah felt like she was standing there long enough to watch the seasons change. 

Sarah's eyes fixed on Joyce. She wanted to look back at her feet but something about Joyce was drawing her closer. She leaned forward with every few seconds that passed until Joyce broke the silence. Sarah hurtled back into reality and straightened her posture. "Follow me please. The rest of you, return to your quarters," Joyce said without looking away from Sarah. 

Hesitantly, the others dispersed to opposite sides of the cellblock. Sarah watched Jonasha and Ice walk away suddenly feeling alone. When the others were out of sight, Joyce started walking towards the glass room. Sarah followed behind her. She admired Joyce's height and incredible hourglass figure that was almost lost under the heavy uniform. She was taller than most of the ground troops. 

Joyce closed the door to the glass room behind them and turned the deadbolt. Joyce pulled an ID card out of her pocket and swiped it to open a door Sarah had never noticed. The hidden room had one steel table and two steel chairs bolted to the floor. The room was very dark and lifeless. Sarah stopped just as she stepped through the threshold. Joyce stood in front of her. 

"Sit in the chair." Sarah moved quickly to the chair and didn't dare look back at Joyce. Her pulse quickened and she kept her head cocked to the side to trying to catch a view of Joyce using her peripheral vision. She heard Joyce's slow steps as the heel of her military boots hit the floor. After four long, slow footsteps, Joyce was directly behind Sarah. Sarah felt Joyce's hands on the back of the chair and her Joyce's face lowered parallel to Sarah. Sarah felt heat radiating from Joyce's face.

Sarah could make out very little of Joyce using her peripheral vision. Her heart pounded out of her chest. Sarah could hear Joyce's breath in her ear and feel her breath on her face. Sarah felt Joyce's soft lips against her cheek. She was terrified, but at the same time, she melted against Joyce. Joyce grabbed Sarah by the chin and turned her head so they were facing each other. Sarah felt warm tears running down her face, but she was not sad. She felt overwhelmed at the new sensations that were pulsing through her body. Sarah pressed her lips against Joyce's and shared an intimate kiss with her. 

Joyce turned Sarah's face forward. She wrapped her arm around her neck and kissed her cheek again. She placed her hand squarely on the center of Sarah's chest and pushed her hand down her shirt in Sarah's tight cleavage. "I see your teammates didn't bother to give you another bra." Sarah's breaths quickened at the realization that Joyce saw what had happened to her but didn't do anything about it.

Sarah felt Joyce's hand move under her left breast and then grope her stomach. Joyce's arm grazed the side of Sarah's left breast. Moisture formed between Sarah's pussy lips. She squeezed her thighs together feeling a slight pressure as blood engorged her pussy lips and clit. Joyce's hand moved up from Sarah's stomach and she pressed her fingers on the side of her breast and pushed it towards the center. Joyce put her palm over her hard nipple and tickled her hand with it. She closed her hand over her breast and squeezed it. Sarah's body jerked and Joyce squeezed it harder. Joyce put her other arm around Sarah and gave her a tight embrace. Her face was nuzzled against Sarah's neck and her other hand never left her breast. 

Sarah's body twitched and she spread her legs so she could rub her pussy on the seat. Joyce pulled Sarah's shirt off and tossed it aside. She grabbed Sarah's hand and pulled her off the chair. Joyce lifted Sarah off the ground and sat her on the table. Her hands moved up and down Sarah's inner thigh. Instinctively Sarah spread her legs wider. Joyce put her hands on Sarah's hips and pulled her pelvis forward so her legs spread wider. Joyce traced her hands up Sarah's body and found her breasts again. She grabbed both breasts and squeezed them together. She looked at the two round areolas and the little mound of pink flesh in the center. Joyce had to restrain her from biting Sarah's nipple.

Joyce brought her mouth to Sarah's breasts and dragged her tongue from left to right and right to left on her nipples. Sarah's slowly started rocking her pelvis against Joyce's body, grinding her swollen pussy lips against her. Sarah tilted her head back and shut her eyes in ecstasy. Just as Sarah was getting into it, she felt her breasts released and Joyce pulled away. Sarah felt rejected and lonely.

Joyce had a military stance to the right of the door. "Put your shirt back on. Fighting's not permitted. Tell your teammates they shouldn't have to worry about the other team. I have already sent guards to give them a warning." Sarah put on her shirt quickly and dropped her head. She nodded her head at everything Joyce said. Joyce held the door open and motioned for Sarah to go out. Then she opened the door to the glass room and motioned for Sarah to go out. She said nothing else.

Sarah ran back to her teammates. They were both sitting cross-legged. Sarah came in and completed the triangle. "We already know what happened," Jonasha said giving a glance to Ice. "She just blew your mind and threw you to the wolves, didn't she?" Sarah Nodded. "That's why we call her Joyce the Choice. She finds her little 'teachers pet,' gives them a taste of something they never experienced before, then throws them to the wolves. In the next couple of days, she will come to you and say you have a choice. You can agree to be her rat and in return, she will make every night heaven until she finds someone new, or you can refuse and she will make life miserable. I was her snitch until she found Ice. That's before we were teammates. You are going to have to make your choice." Jonasha uncrossed her legs and stretched out on her side of the tent. 

"When there is a fight, the day is pretty much over. There are not going to be any other meal times and they shut off the lights after the people being interrogated have time to make it to their tents," said Ice taking off her clothes. Sarah had an understanding of the heat, but felt so violated she wanted to spend that night covered up.

The next day started with showers. Showers were first thing on Wednesday. Sarah was the first to take a shower. Ice led her to the shower area and told her to watch her back. The Shower room was a large tiled room with a sloped floor with a drain in the center.

The girls found their own showerhead. The cold water automatically turned on and turned off. Sarah found a spot in the corner furthest from the door. She felt it provided the most privacy. Three guards lined the wall that did not have any showerheads. Sarah grabbed the soap hanging form the showerhead and worked up lather. She rubbed the soap over her body and as her hands found her breasts. The cold water made her nipples stand like cherries and her pussy twitched as she thought about Joyce's tongue. She put her hands between her legs and tried to wash away the juices that dried in her pubic hair. 
