 Every character is over the age of 19 years.

*****

Session 1 - The Moment

The helicopter's co-pilot gave her a nervous look. "Miss, please remain in your seat until we've landed!"

Agent Fox ignored him. These pilots were taking too many precautions, and thus taking her valuable time. At least the main pilot focused on his job; the co-pilot kept trying to flirt with her. She tried to show him that she wasn't interested, but the pilot would always remind him to pay attention to their job before he could get the hint.

This was getting frustrating, and she regretted wearing her long brown hair loose like this. When on a mission she would bundle it up, since it would get in the way. But she wasn't on a mission until three hours ago, when the emergency call came through the highest channels, and having her hair bundled up with just get in the way of using the device.

The helicopter landed on the pad without incident, and Fox leaped out before either pilot could say anything to her. As she expected, the soldiers were waiting for her. She was disappointed to see that they were far from the professionals she was used to dealing with. They tried, sure, but the sight of her in her tight cat-suit had clearly caught them off guard. A younger version of her might have found their desperate attempts to not look at her amusing, but right now it was just irritating.

"Ma'am." Their leader, on the other hand, greeted her with a strangely serious tone for local National Guard types. "I was instructed to give you all available assistance."

Fox nodded, allowing the soldiers to guide her into the hospital. It was well-run, but quaint. Most of its equipment was handed down from the wealthier hospital in the mountains, but it was the nearest facility to the quarantine zone. The survivor had to be taken here.

Even though her escorts were clearly inexperienced, they were well trained and knew the way. Hallway after identical hallway was passed easily, but she kept a mental note of where everything was. Her hazel eyes flickered at each and every nosy local, confused faculty, or startled patient that they came across, always searching for potential security risks while pretending to ignore them. Ultimately, Fox knew this was likely pointless, but she was not about to take chances. Years of training and dozens of missions had forged her into a weapon, but she was not here for the locals.

They traveled down several flights of stairs and another long hallway, finally coming towards the secured section of the hospital. More guards were stationed here, although she could tell that they too were local. The doctor saw her, approaching her quickly and professionally. He, at least, was professional military.

"Agent Fox." He offered her his hand, and she took it quickly. "Glad you made it here in such short notice."

"Doctor Emerson. I would see the patient immediately." She gave him a quick nod before he ushered her into the medical room. Several civilian doctors scurried about, but they were not her concern. Doctor Emerson led her past the others into the small room adjacent to the main work station. It was a smaller room, with a large window separating her from the patient. The doctor moved quickly towards the device, granting her a first look at the patient in the adjacent room.

"So that's him?" she asked. It was obviously him, but confirmation was always needed.

"Yes Agent," the doctor said. He lifted his medical tablet and looked over the details. "His life signs are stable, but weak. As you can see, he has suffered terrible injuries over his ordeal."

Fox nodded; she already read that part. But to do this, some additional background was needed. "Tell me about him."

"Subject's name is Martin Barrington. Sole heir to the Barrington estate and well known playboy, his family owns a house in the quarantined zone."

Again, Fox knew all of this. His family had money, and the report included the detail that he was a known womanizer. One look at his nurse, likely provided by his wealthy family, told her as much. Petite, young, and gorgeous, his Asian nurse seemed more like something from a porn movie. But her hands used the equipment expertly; she was more than just show.

Still, her presence confused Fox. "I thought there were going to be no civilians here?"

Doctor Emerson gave her an apologetic look. "I'm sorry Agent, but his family does have connections. They insisted on bringing his normal people to help him. I fought as best I could, limiting their interference to just her. But..."

"I understand," Fox cut him off. The nurse was likely reporting everything that happened back to his family, both aiding them in keeping him alive and letting his family know what was happening. That was politics; again not her business. She looked at the device the doctor held in his hands. "Are you sure that you know how to use that?"

He nodded confidently. "The device has already been set up for your use. Your MWPs were sent ahead of you, and I've set it up for your use. I'm still not sure what the point of this is..."

Fox recognized the probing question. Fortunately, he had enough clearance for her to answer it. "I trust you know of what truly is happening in the quarantine zone?" The man nodded uncomfortably. "Good. What you do not know is that things are not proceeding well for our forces. The nuclear option is being discussed as we speak, but my superiors fear that using those weapons will not stop the enemy."

"I understand some of that," the doctor admitted before nodding towards the patient. "But why do you need to do this? There were other survivors."

"The other survivors are...complicated." Fox looked at the patient, narrowing her eyes. "This man is the only survivor who can tell us about the enemy. We need to extract whatever it is that he knows, and now."

Reluctantly, the doctor agreed. He handed her the device. "As I said, it's already been set up for your use. Due to the severe mental strain of these devices, I've set it up to monitor your brainwaves for too much stress..."

"Do not worry about me," she cautioned.

Surprisingly, he didn't budge. "You could fry your brain if it gets too much. This man endured horrific things before we found him; hence why you need to access his memories like this. The device is dangerous under these conditions. Thus I must insist; if it shuts down you must take a few minutes to collect yourself. If you do too much, you risk damaging your brain and thus risk your entire reason for coming here."

Fox wanted to argue, but decided against it. He was right; what use was this information if she failed to get it to her superiors? She took her seat, nodding to the doctor. "Very well doctor. Hook me up."

The doctor went to work quickly, placing the ring over her head. Fox pulled her long hair down, so it wasn't hard to fit the item over it. She knew how this worked.

"Alright Agent, it's ready." The doctor pointed to a switch near her right hand. "I won't be here with you, as requested, but this switch will turn it on. Just past the switch is an alarm button. Hit it and someone will be with you in seconds. If not me than one of the civilian doctors. They've already been briefed to not ask questions."

"Got it." Fox put her finger on the switch, watching the doctor depart with her hazel eyes.

He gave her one final look. "Good luck."

She didn't give him any sort of reaction as he left. Once the room was hers she finally hit the switch. Her vision faded, and his memories flowed into her mind.

---------

Martin climbed up the rock, taking a deep breath and looking out towards the lake. The sun reflected off the waves, shimmering down its length as it snaked through the mountainous valley. The trees wrapped it nicely in shadows, crawling up the slopes of the mountains until fading into the snow-capped tops. It was so beautiful from up here, but he knew a better spot just over an hour away from here. Everything had to be just perfect.

"Martin? Can I get a hand?"

"Yeah!" Martin reached down and helped Brea over the rock. She gave him a sweet smile, brushing her brown hair from her face as she passed him by. Her tight blouse was nearly bursting at the seams from her amazing breasts, but he didn't mind. He helped her up the rest of the way, looking up her miniskirt. It barely covered her nice round ass!

She was completely inappropriately dressed for hiking, but again he didn't mind. Aside from a few rocks, this was an easy hike. He didn't want this to be difficult for her; he wanted this to be wonderful for her!

Such was his good spirit that he even didn't mind when Brea invited her best friend Emily to come with. Having caught how he looked at Brea, she gave him an amused look as she passed him by. "Are we there yet?"

"It's still an hour's walk from here," he said, sneaking a look at Emily's butt as she passed. At least Emily was almost as gorgeous to look at as Brea, with long brown hair (he loved brunettes) and a similarly voluptuous physique. "But there's a clearing up ahead. We can rest there if you'd like."

Brea gave him an appreciative look. "Thanks honey! We're not quite as used to this as you are."

"You both are doing great!" Martin followed the two women further up the path. The movement of their gorgeous butts, well-toned muscles moving with each step, made him smirk. Life was good.

The three of them quickly found the clearing, just like he knew they would. Locals used this place often; they even logs set aside for seating arrangements. Brea quickly stretched out her legs on one. Martin stared at them, amazed at just how lucky he was

"I must admit I had doubts Martin." Emily's voice interrupted his lustful thoughts, and he turned his attention back to her. She looked at him with her blue eyes, brushing her more reddish-brown hair out of her view. "The view here is pretty amazing."

"Sure is," Martin said, trying hard not to stare at Emily. Wearing a knitted white tank top that barely covered her huge augmented E-cup breasts, this only served to show just how amazing her slim 5'4 body was. Her blue jean shorts were cut and very short, leaving little to the imagination. That was fine by him.

At one point he would've pursued that, but that was a different time for him. Instead his eyes found his Brea, and she still stole his breath. Slightly shorter than her friend Emily, with darker hair, she was even more beautiful to him. Like her friend, she got help making her breasts truly glorious, but he didn't mind. He liked them just fine! She wasn't as thin as Emily, but not by much. She wore her weight perfectly.

The sight of her caused Martin's hand to reach into his pocket. He found the object he sought easily enough. It took much longer to find just the right ring for her. Soon it would be the right moment too!

He had wanted to propose for some time now, but it always seemed to be the wrong time. His parents were opposed to this his choice, of course, but he didn't care. They didn't understand. They couldn't understand! They didn't love each other; they loved each other's money.

Brea was not like this, despite what they claimed. In fact, he was forced to ask Brea's twin sister Tracy for help picking out the perfect ring. He asked her to keep it a surprise, both out of genuine desire to surprise Brea and to eliminate his remaining doubts about Brea.

Tracy was wonderful, helping him choose a gorgeous diamond for Brea. Not only that, but that was two months ago. If Tracy betrayed his trust, Brea would've said something.

Instead, Brea was just as happy as she'd always been.

"Honey?" Brea's voice interrupted his thoughts. "Someone's coming..."

"Hmm?" Martin looked down another of the trails, surprised by this. This area was wealthy; a closely guarded secret of the rich. Unless you knew about this area, you would never have suspected what it contained. He raised his hand over his eyes and looked down another path, seeing a group of people approaching from beneath the tree line. "Hello?"

"Martin?" The voice that called his name startled Martin.

How could it possibly be her? "Jodi?"

Not only was he surprised to see his former flame step out from beneath the trees, but he was even more startled to see her wearing the uniform of the local police department.

He was not the only surprised by this chance, and very likely awkward, encounter. Jodi eyes him apprehensively. "Martin, what are you doing here?"

"I'm..." Martin shook his head; he didn't have to explain himself to her! He caught himself though. He had to be a gentleman here. "I'm here with some friends of mine. What are you doing here?"

"Sorry Martin, official bus..." Her voice trailed off as her brown eyes spotted Emily and Brea. She raised her eyebrows at Martin. "Friends of yours huh?"

"Yeah," Martin said, surprisingly defensive. He watched as two others followed Jodi out of the trees. He recognized Earl right away; the dour old bastard hadn't changed at all. Most cops in this area spent their time arresting those who had no right to be here, but Earl seemed to enjoy actually giving people a hard time.

Like when he had the nerve to give Martin a DUI. It was thrown out, of course, but still!

Martin glowered at him when his attention wandered to the other person. Long brown hair swayed around a slender figure, with natural but still nice breasts visible beneath a sky blue blouse. She was taller than Jodi by nearly six inches at 5'11, with a similar build. Martin nodded appreciatively when he finally recognized her.

"Niki!?"

"Martin!" Jodi's younger sister ran up to him, nearly tackling him a hug. Startled, Martin spared a careful look at Brea. She was looking away amicably, but he didn't want her to get jealous. He admired that about Brea, especially since Niki had grown up nicely. She was always hot, but when he was dating her sister Niki was only seventeen. That was dangerous ground for him, and he knew it. The last thing he wanted was for Earl to catch him with jail-bait!

"Hey Niki!" Martin pulled her away, looking her up and down. It was hard not to stare; she had grown into a gorgeous young woman. "You're looking...great!"

"Thanks!" she chirped happily. "It's been years!"

"Three, actually," Jodi pointed out. She gave Martin a wary look. "Ever since..."

"Oh lighten up Jodi!" Niki looked past Martin, spotting Brea and Emily. "Martin's not alone! Who are they?"

"Um...yeah where are my manners?" Martin laughed as he scratched behind his back. Damn this was already getting uncomfortable. "Niki, Jodi...that is Emily..."

Emily was enjoying his awkwardness. "Hi there..."

"...and this is Brea," Martin finished, trying not to sound irritated. He turned to Brea specifically, trying to discreetly convey that he had no idea this would happen. "Honey, this is Niki and Jodi."

Rather than be abashed, Jodi walked right up to Brea. "Pleasure to meet you."

"Likewise," Brea said pleasantly. "I don't think we've met before, but I've heard of you."

"Is that so?" Jodi spared a look at Martin.

Determined to end this conversation, Martin coughed pointedly. "So what brings you three up here? I wasn't expecting anyone up here."

Jodi gave him an amused look, sensing his game. "Not us at least? As I was going to say, official business. There have been a few disappearances up here lately."

"Disappearances?" Martin repeated, genuinely surprised. The paths were well marked, and there weren't many dangerous places here. There certainly weren't any dangerous animals here. The only time people disappeared here, they usually showed up later with serious hangovers.

Thinking the same thing, Jodi shrugged. "The usual suspects. Out of towners and the like. We were sent to check up on a group that was supposed to be hiking out here. Apparently they are wanted early, and the others are perplexed why their cell phones don't work out here."

Martin gave her an amused look as he approached Brea. He wrapped his arm around her and held her tightly against him. Cell phones could reach nearly any place in the country, but this valley was one of those 'gaps'. This was no accident; coverage actually was available but the rich families kept the towers locked by codes. "Typical. What sort of outsiders?"

"Yeah..." Jodi seemed to want to laugh. "You remember the General?"

"Lanes?" Martin nodded, recalling the lecherous general well. People called Martin a womanizer, but General Lanes had him beat by a long shot! Every other week he seemed to have a new babe at his lake house. Martin was perfectly fine with that, but he also rented out the guest cabin next to his house to whoever paid him enough money. If the renter had a nice pair of tits it helped a lot, and this was seemingly well known to everyone. "He rent out the house again?"

"Not his house." Jodi looked towards the lake. She couldn't see the house from here, at least in the day. Martin suspected they'd see it at night though. "His daughter's there with some of her friends from college. No, he rented the cabin out to a...film production crew."

"Sounds like him," Martin commented, amused. So the general's daughter was in college now? He recalled her vaguely, yet she was very pretty. She was always with that boyfriend of hers too. Rather than dwell on this, Martin resumed inquiring. "Still, why are you all out here like this? Few locals not where their spouses thought they'd be is nothing new."

Jodi shrugged. "Also a few hikers from out of town haven't reported in. The others are looking into it."

Martin nodded; she still hadn't said anything important yet. "So why are you here?"

His ex fell silent, but Niki happily joined in. "Caves!"

"Caves?" Martin repeated, confused. "What about them? The caves have been here for a long time."

"Not these!" Niki pointed out. Jodi tried to shush her, but Niki pushed her sister away irritated. "New ones have been reported, along with unusual seismographic readings from town."

Martin cocked an eyebrow. "Seismowhat?"

"Seismograph!" Niki giggled at his confusion. "I took some classes on Geology at the university, so when I heard about them I joined Jodi on this trek. Get some fresh air...maybe some extra credit when classes begin. What'd you think?"

"I think...it sounds like a plan." Martin offered her a smile before returning his attention to Jodi. "Caves huh?"

Jodi gave her sister a harsh look before meeting his gaze. "We got some reports of odd caves in this area. Jeremy got here first and confirmed them, but we haven't heard from him in a few hours."

"Jeremy?" Martin almost laughed. "So he became a cop after all, huh?"

His ex's eyes darkened, and Martin almost laughed again. Jeremy always had a crush on Jodi, but at that time Martin was with her. Leave it to a cop's son to pick up his leftovers!

"Yes, Jeremy." Jodi repeated his name, almost defiantly. "And we need to look for him." Her look turned taunting. "Care to help?"

"Ooooh yes!" Niki nearly squealed at the thought. "You must come with!"

Martin met Jodi's look and pulled Brea closer. He felt her hand press reassuringly on his chest. "Sorry ladies, but I have other planes tonight."

Niki looked disappointed, but Jodi was amused. "Too bad then. Have fun, and stay outta trouble Martin. It'd be a shame if I had to bust you for any old habits."

Ignoring Earl's mocking chuckle as he passed, Martin watched as Jodi turned to follow the depute with Niki trailing reluctantly behind. The sight of her filled him with strange feelings he thought he was done with.

"Honey?" Brea's hand on his chest scratched for his attention. "I know you are over her, but can you at least end it on a better note then that?"

Martin looked at her confused. "What do ya mean?"

Brea rolled her eyes teasingly. "You two were together for two years, silly! I know you're good, but I don't think she's over you. Not really."
