 Session 2 - The Enemy

As soon as she received the 'all clear' message Agent Fox finished typing her update and stood up, stretching her muscles out. There was little to report, but there was little that she could do until Martin was stabilized. She frowned at her muscles; they shouldn't be so cramped after this. She had to keep going, and it was likely that she would be forced to endure more and more breaks as the horror of Martin's experience took its toll on the both of them.

She stepped out into the hallway, wearing a lab coat to conceal her cat suit as it attracted considerably less attention. Someone paying attention might notice her black combat boots or gloves, but for the most part she looked the part convincingly enough for the locals. The only glances she got were from men checking her out.

That was something she couldn't help, yet she knew that this could be a positive or a negative depending on the mission's needs. She was attractive, standing at 5'7". Her body was very slim, yet she was blessed with natural C-cup breasts. Her hair was long and brown, arranged as the mission dictated. Certain stealth missions required mobility, and she could bundle her hair up. Others required mingling with wealthy men in the company of beautiful women hanging on their arms. Even without the aid of make-up, Fox could fit in with those women.

Her male colleagues called her a 'femme fatale' because of this, but she was more than that. Some of the techies called her "the Baroness" behind her back, alluding to a dangerously sexy fictional character. She didn't care for that, but they were smart enough to never call her that to her face.

Keeping her stride direct and purposeful, Fox moved towards the secure section when she abruptly stopped. Every mission had parameters, yet to expect the unexpected was a must.

Even so, the sight of the blonde Brea arguing with the soldier was jarring.

"I will NOT leave," she proclaimed defiantly. "I did not come all this way for nothing!"

Rather than come to the soldier's immediate aid (he was in no danger), Fox analyzed the situation. How could Brea possibly be here? This woman looked exactly like Brea, except that her hair was radiant blonde. She wore a leather jacket, but beneath that was a party dress cut perfectly to accent her figure.

Considering the dress, and the presence of make-up (although she didn't need much), it took Fox a moment to sort it out. Her files on Brea were not very complete; indeed her very significance was not understood by her superiors. She would have to address this at a later time. To her own surprise she recalled Martin's thoughts about Brea.

When he picked out Brea's engagement ring, he had to seek out help from a sister of Brea's. The sight of the blonde Brea again brought another detail of the memory into clear focus.

Brea had a twin sister. Tracy.

"I'm sorry miss," the solider apologized, trying to diffuse the blonde woman's agitation. "But you are not allowed to go any further."

As Fox expected, Tracy didn't take the news well. "I will not go away! I heard about the quarantine, and I drove five hours straight to get here as soon as I heard about Martin..."

"How did you hear about the patient?" Fox interjected. The soldier glanced at her and backed down, both intimidated by her and grateful that Fox was taking care of this problem instead.

Undaunted, Tracy folded her arms and narrowed her eyes at Fox. "Unless you're willing to give me some answers, I don't see why I should tell you anything miss...?"

"Fox," the Agent answered simply.

Tracy cocked her eyebrow at her. "Fox...what? Doctor Fox? You expect me to think that you're a doctor wearing those boots?"

Fox was not amused. "Just Fox. As for your knowledge of the patient, I could have you arrested for with-holding the information."

Rather than be intimidated, Tracy just gave her a challenging smirk. Fox realized just how different Tracy was from her sister; Brea seemed sweet and composed while Tracy was much more feisty.

"Then arrest me," Tracy said. "I haven't heard from my sister in days, and trust me she would've called me much sooner than that. She was going to receive some great news."

Intrigued by Tracy, Fox decided to startle her. "Pertaining to an engagement?"

This had the desired effect, and Tracy's confidence faltered. "How did you...?"

"We know everything," Fox lied. "We know about the ring, about your assistance in picking it out...shall I continue?"

Tracy's face fell. "No...that's fine..."

"Good." The sight of Tracy losing her confidence somehow made Fox feel for her. Not even sure why, Fox gestured to a nearby waiting lounge. "Currently we are questioning Martin, miss. When we know anything about your sister Brea we will let you know." 

Biting her lip for a moment, Tracy finally offered Fox an appreciative smile. "Thanks...I just want to know what happened to my sister."

Confused why she was feeling so sympathetic, Fox offered an awkward smile. "Of course. When I find anything relevant I will let you know. Until then, stay close. You may know something that may be of value to me."

Tracy nodded eagerly, yet when Fox turned she felt herself confused. Why was she willing to help this woman that she'd just met? Tracy was nothing to her...no, it was worse than that. Tracy was a threat to her mission.

Somehow, she found out that Martin was being kept here. That information was classified outside of military circles and Martin's family, which she knew disproved of Martin's relationship with Brea. They certainly wouldn't have told her anything.

Fox cleared her head of such distractions. She would report this to Doctor Emerson and her superiors, and let them content themselves with searching for the leak.

She punched in the code and re-entered the main room. The doctors were still monitoring Martin, but it was clear from their demeanor that the crises had passed. They paid her no attention aside from odd looks, which suited her just fine as she passed them by. Fox quickly entered her own private room, sparing a glance at Martin in the adjacent room. He was relaxed, heavily medicated and attended to by his strikingly hot Asian nurse.

"It's time to continue this Martin," Fox said quietly. She knew that he couldn't hear her, but she felt the need to say it anyhow. She took up her seat and placed the ring on her head. Her hand lingered on the switch before finally switching the device back on.

---------

"I don't see anyone," Cammy pointed out, using her flashlight. She gave the drawings of cavemen fighting dinosaurs a strange look before dismissing them.

"They caves go down deeper," Martin said, disinterested. He held the ring in his hand, staring at it. Why was it that events always seemed to get in the way of this perfect moment? It wasn't fair!

"How much further...oooh?" Cammy's startled sound finally made Martin look up. Her eyes stared at the ring, causing him to pocket it quickly. "What is that?"

Martin watched her closely. "It's for Brea."

Realization sank into Cammy's blue eyes, and she offered him a regretful look. "Oh man, I had no idea..."

He gave her a small smile. "Nor does she."

The knowledge that she was interrupting his proposal made Cammy uncomfortable. "I'm sorry for keeping you from that."

Martin bit his tongue before resigning himself. "No, it's okay. She wanted me to help you find Jodi and the others, so I'll help you find them."

Reluctantly, Cammy nodded. "I...I do appreciate this. Really. I could tell you really didn't want to be here either."

"As I said, it's okay," Martin offered, leading Cammy deeper into the caves. A silence fell between them, which was even more uncomfortable than discussing his relationship with Brea. After a few moments of quiet descending, Martins broke the quiet. "This...this isn't really me though."

"Oh?"

Martin sighed. "I wanted to keep on going, but Brea wanted to help you. That's just how she is...always wanting to help. Even strangers...people I don't know."

"But you've seen me before." Cammy's tone had humor in it. "In movies."

"Yeah." Martin didn't deny it. "Deviant Debutants 10..."

Cammy snickered. "Ah that one. I thought you recognized me after a moment. It usually takes most fans that long to recognize me, although most come off as creepy. You handled yourself...well."

"Yeah..." Becoming awkward again, Martin rubbed the back of his neck. "I didn't want to do be one of those guys..."

Shrugging amiably, Cammy rolled her eyes. "Most guys watch my movies and think they know everything about me, or think they can use me to get with another actress. I suppose if you know about me, then you know Janessa and Iva?"

Stopping in his tracks, Martin debated whether or not he should answer that question honestly. Of course he knew Janessa and Iva! Janessa was a smoking hot Latino from South America while Iva was a blonde Russian babe, both of them packing magnificent DD fake breasts and bodies to die for. The two gorgeous women had appeared in numerous lesbian or three-way movies (often with some truly lucky bastard). He once heard that they frequented a famous club, and went there three times to try to meet them. It didn't work, but he met Brea there so it worked out.

"I know them," he answered truthfully. Why hide it?

As though she expected the answer, Cammy nodded. "I was up here with them, along with our gay friends Todd and Tony. We just wanted to see the view from here, plus Todd heard something about dinosaur caves and he just HAD to see them. I don't know what the fuss is about..."

"Yeah..." Martin played dumb on this one. "They look fake."

"Some bored rich kids I suspect," Cammy pondered, likely no idea how close to the truth she was. "Likely the same kids that grow up and try hitting on me using stuff they pick up from the tabloids."

"Yeah..." Martin read those same tabloids. "I know how wrong about people they can be."

"Like how you're wrong about yourself?"

Martin gave her an odd look. "How do you figure?"

She met his look directly. "You're helping a stranger...well 'quasi' stranger...in need."

Her statement made him laugh softly. "Thanks, but I'm not doing it for you. I'm not that kind of guy...but Brea wants me to be that kind of guy. It's not who I am, but the way she looks at me...expects me to be...makes me want to be that guy. Does that even make sense?"

Surprisingly, Cammy nodded. "It does, actually. It's actually sorta noble. You got yourself a good girl, Martin."

Martin's hand found the ring, fiddling with it slowly. "Yes I do...eh?"

Catching his confused sound, Cammy stopped following him. "What is it?"

"I don't..." Martin rubbed his eyes, wondering if they were playing tricks on him. "Hey, turn off your flashlight."

"What?"

"Do it." Martin turned his off, and Cammy followed his lead. At first darkness surrounded them, but quickly his vision returned to him. He looked around and saw Cammy clearly, and her blue eyes landed on him just as easily. "What the hell?"

"How do we see each other?" Cammy asked for the both of them.

"No idea," Martin admitted. His eyes finally located one of the light sources, and he moved towards it. It was an odd shaped pod sticking to the side of the cave wall, and dozens others led both ways forward and back.

Just as confused by them, Cammy approached one. She slowly reached forward and touched it. Martin watched nervously, but aside from having to wipe slime from her hand nothing happened to her. "What are these?"

"This shouldn't be here," Martin stated. He looked around, growing even more confused. "Nor should this whole section."

Cammy looked around nervously. "This...doesn't look natural."

"Because they aren't." Martin looked at the walls closely. It wasn't actually cave wall, but it was covered by some sort of surface that looked like solid jelly. He was about to point that out when Cammy gasped. "What is it?"

"What is that?" she asked hurriedly.

Martin looked at the direction she indicated, spotting a liquid smeared along a section of the wall. He tapped it with his finger, realizing that it was still wet. He brought it close to his face, and grew numb with realization.

"What is it?" Cammy repeated.

It took every ounce of Martin's strength to answer. "Blood."

Cammy visibly paled at the news. "Blood? Oh my god...oh my god..."

"I think..." Martin's expressing his desire to leave was stopped by the sounds of gunfire blasting from deeper in the caves, followed by some distant screams. Even through the weird accustics of this place, he recognized the voice. "Jodi!"

"Martin!" Cammy cried out after him, but he didn't stop. He plunged headlong deeper into the caves, towards the sound of continued gunfire and shouts ahead. Every shot filled his heart with urgency, but when the shots stopped they were replaced by Jodi and Niki screaming. He couldn't make out what they were saying, but he knew it wasn't good from the tone.

As Martin got closer he was able to discern some of what they were saying. It instantly became clear to them that they were under some sort of attack.

"Jodi!" Niki's voice cried out.

"Niki...!" Jodi's voice replied, sounding as though she were struggling with something. "Run...Auugghh!!"

"Oh my god!" Niki sounded horrified by something.

Martin bit his lip, getting closer and closer. The caves got more and more confusing the deeper he went, and he spotted numerous vaults and rooms as he descended. He had no idea where he was going, using Jodi's screaming to guide his way.

He nearly arrived at where he thought the girls were when strong hands yanked him back.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Cammy asked quietly. Martin blinked, surprised that not only did she catch up with him but she might actually be physically stronger too.

"They need help," he managed to say.

Cammy quickly shushed him, jerking her head towards the final passage. Her hand over his mouth, Martin looked over. His eyes grew wide at the sight of Earl's shredded corpse. His gun was still in his severed hand, with numerous spent casings everywhere. The man was a pain in Martin's ass, but Earl was a fighter who went down shooting.

But there were things crawling over his body, eating it. The sight almost made Martin gag, but Cammy clamped her hand tighter over his mouth and stopped it. The creatures were small, with bodies the size of small cats. Long hind legs kept them aloft, and he saw insect-like wings flutter every now and then to help with balance.

It finally hit Martin; these creatures really were insects. Aside from the back legs, small middle legs seemed to stabilize the insect's body while long, powerful front arms tore into the dead man's body. His eyes widened as one of its hands extended a viciously sharp talon to slice away Earl's flesh and snap bones in the way. Barbed mandibles tore at the internal organs, ripping the flesh off the body before gulping it down.

Now that he saw it, Martin found his face turned towards Cammy's. Her eyes were just as horrified as his were, but there was strength in them too.

"Do you want to be next?" she asked, harshly but quietly.

Martin swallowed fiercely before he shook his head. Satisfied, Cammy pulled her hand from his mouth, leaving Martin shaking. His ears picked up the girls screaming again.

"We have to help them," he insisted.

Before Cammy could say otherwise, the insects eating Earl's corpse picked their heads up. Hidden, Martin and Cammy watched as they chirped at one another almost questioningly. Their chirps quickly became panicked, and Martin sighed in relief as they took off down another passage. He prepared to step out when he saw the faint shadow in one of the lights.

Another insect lumbered into view, and Martin nearly shat himself. This one was huge, with a body as big as he was! Seeing it gave Martin a much stronger impression of an insect, with a large carapace covering fluttering wings. Six eyes glowed from its brown head, and its antennae flickered from direction to direction. The large monster used its back legs and front hands to move, with its smaller middle legs folded on its underside.

"Stop it!" Niki's screamed demand shot down the passageway, and the huge monster's head shot in that direction. Martin watched it move down that passage, looking at its long thick tail and wondering just what sort of horrific stinger could be contained within. He also couldn't help but notice just how fast and quietly the creature moved, and realized that not only could it catch him but he wouldn't even know that it was there.

"Shit!" Martin whispered. It was going after Niki and Jodi, who were still alive and fighting! He couldn't let that happen!

"What are you doing?" Cammy demanded, but he ignored her. He crept forward, untangling Earl's fingers from his gun. He looked it over, finding some solace in the few unspent bullets. "Martin!"

"I'm not going to abandon them!" Martin turned his uncompromising stare onto Cammy, who hugged herself uncertain about this. "Jodi has a gun, and knows how to use it better than I do. We need to get her and Niki, then we can get out of here!"

"Jodi?" Cammy repeated, confused. "Niki? Are those the cops?"

"Yes," Martin responded, leaving it at that. This was no time for his back story with them. Shaking from fear and adrenaline, Martin followed the monstrous insect down the passage towards the screaming sisters. His eyes looked around for any sign of the smaller ones, but fortunately they had fled the big one.

He finally made it to the end, checking to see if Cammy was still with him. She was, fear mixed with terrible curiosity. Satisfied, he crouched beneath a rock and looked into the room.

Nothing could have prepared him for what he saw.

Another large insect, similar to the one he saw but dark blue, was struggling with a very naked Jodi. Only traces of her cop's uniform remained; the rest lay in shredded bits and pieces all over the floor. It almost looked as though the monster was raping Jodi.

Martin quickly realized that he was right about that; the insect rally WAS raping Jodi. One hand easily held both of Jodi's over her head, while the other groped her natural D-cup breasts. His eyes caught that the insect's middle legs were wrapped around Jodi's thighs, keeping them parted, while its long hind legs kept the monster from crushing the woman.

But it was the tail that drew the most attention. Its length was curled into Jodi's body, and its end was split open like a flower just before the curve of his ex's smooth round butt. He saw something pink extending from the armored tail to what had to be Jodi's pussy. Unlike the rest of the insect, this part looked soft and fleshy. Rather than thrust vigorously like Martin used to, the insect seemed to favor smaller rhythmic nudging. Its disgusting pink member was slick with slime, throbbing and bulging as it remained imbedded into Jodi's slim body.

Thoroughly trapped and at the insect's mercy, Jodi still struggled with it. Her legs kicked at it, and she constantly tried to twist her body free of the insect's overwhelming grasp. Clearly sickened by what was happening to her, Jodi's face burned with emotion even with her eyes closed.

"Run Niki!" Jodi screamed before clenching her teeth at something.

"Leave her alone!" Niki cried out. Unlike her older sister, Niki was free. She held a stick, alternating between moving to help Jodi or protect herself. The insect paid her no attention, focusing on its rape of Jodi. Not to be deterred, Niki finally attacked. She wildly swung her weapon at the insect, striking it after several tries. Martin admired her bravery, even as her meager weapon snapped upon hitting the insect's body.

This finally got the insect's attention. It moved its head towards Niki, but did nothing more. Niki stared back at the insect raping her sister, backing away from it slowly. "Let her go!"
