 The beginning of the next hunt

The early evening sky was covered in those wonderful red, purple and mauve colours that go together to make a spectacular sunset. It is said that a sunset is for dreamers and a sunrise for go-getters, but if you are a vampire that should surely be reversed? Anyway he felt he was go getting. He had stood watching over the train station for some while looking at the passengers and watching the colours in the sky changing. It was a beautiful sight. The earth had seen such sunsets for millions of years and who knew maybe he would have the pleasure of watching them forever now he was immortal.

He was only eight days old as a vampire and it was still so new to him. So many questions. Such an incredible thirst for blood and sex. A scary and growing sense of rage, which he pushed to the back of his mind. There was nothing pleasant about how the noise and smells of a city assaulted his enhanced senses. For him it was easiest when he just focussed on finding his second victim.

The few days since his first solo feed had been spent watching commuters at a busy train station. He had spent the daytime back in the convent room where the Countess had trapped him and then as dusk fell he had travelled to this station. It seemed like a rich hunting ground. It was full of young people rushing around.

He saw lots girls he liked but he needed one he liked the look of to leave the station by his selected route. A few had gone the right way but he had lost his nerve and they had escaped unaware of how lucky they had been.

When you could control people's minds it wasn't hard, but he still tried to be cautious. Finally he saw someone who looked stunning and yes she was going the right way. He turned and rushed off to his next vantage point. He couldn't believe how exciting it all was.

He could sense she was coming and hunger filled him, as it always seemed to when a victim was close. He watched as the girl emerged from around the street corner and walked towards him. Even from here he could smell her blood mingled with her perfume. God he wanted her. The hard clunk of her shoes on the pavement clashed in his head with the quieter booming sound of her heart. The two sounds were deafening him making it hard to think straight.

Be calm and patient said a voice in his head. Shutting the Countess out he crossed the road so the girl was walking straight towards him. When she was close enough to him he spoke to her.

"Excuse me, sorry to bother you, do you know where the Holiday Inn is?" He asked. "I think it is round here somewhere."

"Yes," she replied and then as his eyes met hers and he delved into her mind she hesitated and then finally stammering finished, "its errr round the corner. D d down there." Her finger pointed behind him to emphasis the point. He could see her finger shaking. He laughed to himself so easy for me and so unsettling for her. Confident he had her he moved to the next stage.

"Excellent," he replied smiling. His hand stroked her cheek. He sensed her shudder as he stroked her soft smooth and oh so warm skin. The hand she had used to point moved to touch his hand as it caressed her face but he moved his arm away before she could touch him. He felt her disappointment as he removed his hand.

He spoke again, "I am in room 203, and there is a key at reception, go to the hotel, pick up the key and go to the room. I will join you soon. Remember room 203." As she went to walk off he called after her, "make sure no one misses you tonight and silently he thought to himself "and shower for me."

He slowly inhaled as she walked off. Relax he told himself. She was doing what he had willed her too. It was going to plan 

He would wait for half an hour and then follow her to the hotel. Why he was waiting he wasn't sure but somehow it was more exciting this way. While he waited he once again thought of how his life had changed and how the Countess had made him a vampire. He dwelt on his last moments of life as he lay on his bed exhausted from the nights of pain and feeding as the Countess came to complete her creation of a new vampire son.

Above his head the sunset slowly disappeared and night fell but his mind was far away.

The turning continued

The countess had entered his room as she had done so many times before. Smiling at him she had told him this would be their last time together and when he had got agitated at this devastating news she had silenced him with a raise of her hand. Waving away his complaining.

"Do not worry," she had said, "for after tonight it is not me you will want." He had briefly pondered her words confused, but soon he was distracted. Fucking her and feeding on her blood was all he ever thought about when she was near.

She had slowly begun to peel off her dress in front of him, he heard the zip being undone behind her back and slowly one shoulder then the other was bared. Finally the dress fell to the floor and she stepped out of it. As before she never seemed to bother with underwear and so she was quite naked.

Seeing her wonderful breasts and naked body meant lust took over his whole being. Fearful that she would leave without screwing him and sharing blood with him he forced his exhausted body to sit up. She smiled at him.

"Soon you will be tired no more my angel," she said and with a quick bite on her wrist she offered him some of her blood. He drank from her wrist eagerly but she only allowed him to drink a little. He went to protest but with a finger over his lips she sat herself gently on his lap. He fell silent.

"Just a little to give to you enough strength to fuck me," she said. "Presumably you would like to fuck me?"

Using her hands she cupped and caressed her breasts, making her nipples go hard and then she pushed first one breast then the other into his mouth. Once he had the idea she leant back leaving him to caress and kiss her breasts as he liked. He alternated between pulling at her nipples with his mouth and then flicking them with his tongue. She watched him enjoying her breasts leaning back further to enhance the sensation. She used her hands to flick her hair out of her eyes.

Grasping his head in her hands she stroked his head and pushed him into her breasts. He allowed her hands to control his head deciding when he swapped sides and how he kissed and licked her.

"Good boy," she told him.

Moving off him she turned around and leant forward giving him a full view of her ass. Reaching out he cupped her bum cheeks in his hand. Turning swiftly she smiled at him and roughly grabbing at his shirt she pulled him to his feet.

"Let me take this off for you," she said. She undid the buttons of his shirt and pulled it off him. As she bared his chest he felt her breasts brush against his bare skin and he shuddered at the delightful sensation. Slowly turning her back on him she pulled him to closer to her so his chest was pressed against her back. Slowly she lifted his hands to cup and caress her breasts. She tilted her head back and from a silent command in his head he began to kiss her neck

Each time his hands circled around her breasts she made a mmmm noise.

"That's right darling you do it just as I tell you to," she said and before he could answer she turned around once more and dropping to her knees removed his belt and pulled his trousers down to the floor. Briefly looking up at him before licking his cock from the side, her hand resting on it to hold it in place. Slowly very slowly she turned her head allowing his cock to come fully into her mouth. Her mouth and hand making long slow strokes down his shaft. Gradually she increased her speed, occasionally pausing to look up at him or stopping when his cock was fully in her mouth. One of her hands began to slowly caress one breast before she opened her legs slightly and moved her hand down her body to gently rub at her pussy.

He looked down at her deep dark eyes looking up at him. He admired the top view of her huge breasts and he thought her the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. The blowjob went on and on and he closed his eyes and allowed himself to be completely lost in the moment. He knew she controlled him completely, even to the point of when he came, but he wanted her so much he did not care.

Her sucking became quicker and quicker before she finally pulled away.

"Sit back on the bed so we can fuck," she ordered. He immediately obeyed.

She turned around and sat on him with her back to him. His cock slid easily into her. She opened her legs wide so they rested each side of his legs and with her hand she gently rubbed again at her pussy. She began to bounce up and down and he began to drive his cock into her. Once he had a good motion going she moved her hands down to rest on his legs to give her balance as she moaned in delight. It was too vigorous for it to last long and he soon needed to pause. As he regained his strength she began again to stroke at her pussy in long wide circles before he resumed fucking her hard again.

"Yes, yes," she screamed, "that's it, good boy. Just like that. Just like that."

This time his slamming into her was even briefer before he again had to pause. Tasting her blood had given him some strength but he was so weak the boost was fading fast. To play for time and fearful if he didn't do it right she would leave he used his own hand to stroke her pussy. She did not let him do this for long making him push his hands against her bottom so she could rest her own hands on his arms.

"Come on I want much more, do it right" she ordered.

She began to bounce up and down on him hard using her arms resting on his as leverage. The effort made him slowly slide his hands round so he had a grip around her waist whilst she rode the whole length of his cock up and down calling "yes" on each stroke.

Eventually she allowed him to slide out of her and moving slightly back, she moved her hair out of her face and after slowly dribbling salvia onto his cock she took it once more into her mouth. Lifting off him she used her hand to stroke all the way up and down his shaft.

"Fuck me again" She ordered as she slipped him back inside her, commenting, "Oh yes that's right." as he began to drive himself into her again. His hand caressed her pussy and then as she leant right back into him he used his hands to rub her breasts. For the first time they briefly kissed before she moved herself back to a more upright position to briefly bounce on him again before slowly moving off him. She circled around taking his cock in her left hand and from a standing position she lowered herself down taking his cock into her mouth. She pulled away flicking her head so her hair got out of her eyes before once again sucking on his cock. Both of her hands wrapped around it. One hand still, the other moving up and down as she was sucking.

Once more she mounted him this time facing him. As before he moved up into her as she bounced up and down on him. First of all leaning over him and then in an upright position. Moaning and bouncing up and down on his cock, she began again to scream yes over and over. His hands supporting her around the waist as she rode him, she alternated between fast and hard and slow and gentle. 

Eventually she moved off him and began to suck his cock again. Her eyes looking deeply into his eyes he felt her mind wandering around his. She dribbled more salvia onto his cock and then wrapped her breasts around it. Using her hands to cup her breasts around his cock she rubbed them up and down his shaft.

"Do you like that?" she asked. He began to thrust up and down with his groin, increasing the motion and making him moan with delight.

She moved onto all fours on the bed and he eagerly positioned himself behind her so he could enter her from the rear. Using two hands on her waist to pull her back into him he began to slam hard into her again making her say yes over and over. This lasted a short while before he withdrew and lay back on the bed exhausted.

Smiling at him she said, "that's it lay back and rest for a while, let me please you."

She again began to give him one of her blowjobs, mouth moving up and down with her hand wrapping around his cock as she blew him. Then slowly she worked her way up his body kissing his stomach, then his chest. He instinctively knew what was coming next so he was prepared for it as she bit into his neck. However she bit deeper and harder than ever before and this made him scream out loud.

"No," he cried and he felt her stop but it was just a pause as she adjusted her position slightly before again biting into him so hard it hurt. Her hand reaching up to cover his mouth as he again cried in agony.

The shock of the hard bite and the covering of his mouth made him resist her but it was hopeless she was so much stronger than him and his resistance melted as she moved her hands to grab his. She held his hands firmly pressing them into the mattress until his struggling subsided. She drank and drank and his exhaustion turned into dizziness, the room seemed to spin with flashing lights and then slowly his eyes closed and she finished draining the life from him. She finally stopped feeding from him when she sensed he was breathing no more. Wiping the blood from her mouth she kissed him on the forehead. 

He had no idea what happened to him between dying and waking the following night as a full-fledged vampire. He often pondered on it but it was just a black void and timeless because it was almost as though no time had passed when he next awoke.

He felt a hunger the like of which he had never felt before. He lay quite still hearing and smelling things he could never sense before. It was incredible. She was right his tiredness had gone and then he smelt blood. The aroma was wonderful, incredible, sweet-smelling and intoxicating. He didn't know what it was but he knew he wanted it.

Turning he noticed a girl was on her knees by the door. She was crying but it was the smell of her blood that made him rise and move towards her. The girl becoming aware of his movement, screamed loud and long, but that did not stop him moving towards her.

The thoughts of the scream and the memory of how much he was shocked by his blood lust for that girl reminded him that right now he was hungry. So putting these memories out of his head he headed for the hotel.

His second victim

He felt his nerves tingling as he marched through reception. He tried not to look around but he could not help himself. A pretty receptionist was helping a customer, the aroma of her blood filled his nostrils and he imagined himself running over baring her neck and tasting her. She looked across and he found himself looking deep into the receptionist's blue eyes. She smiled and her hand casually moved to the top button of her white blouse. He broke off the gaze scared of what she might do. As he walked on he heard her flustered voice trying to apologise to a customer and asking where they had got to with paying his bill.

This was definitely a greater risk then he had taken the first time, but he loved the fact he was gaining independence. He was beginning to enjoy the sense of danger and anyway she said it was straightforward. His new power was so seductive.

The lift took him up to the second floor, relieved to be briefly on his own, he walked down the corridor from the lift towards his room and he distracted himself by projecting his mind into each room. He practised using his mind to feel out what was going on behind each door. In one a mother was struggling with two kids, trying to get them to sleep. He listened into her thoughts and felt her anger at her useless husband. He had his feet up on the bed watching sport. A couple arguing, the man's mind full of how she could spend so much money, so quickly. A man and someone, a girl he assumed, were making love. Yes a girl. In fact someone the man worked with. He could hear the grunting and could sense the man's guilt at betraying his wife and her frustration at how she had become an older man's plaything.

He reached the door of room 203. The key to the room was in his pocket, but he decided to proceed cautiously. He knocked sharply at the door trying to seem like he was confident even if he wasn't. The door was opened quickly as though she had been waiting on the other side. The girl from the station stood smiling nervously at him. Her damp hair showed she had showered for him. Wow even that command she had followed.

He was relieved on two counts. His attempt to remotely control her had worked and his memory had not played tricks on him. She was as desirable as she had seemed when he picked her out. When you had the world to choose from and the world was so full of beautiful women actually choosing one victim was incredibly hard. 

It reminded him of when he had been a teenager. He used to spend hours in the rental shop trying to pick a sexy VHS film to bring home. Ages would pass while he procrastinated and then when he finally made his choice he would end up disappointed. At home he would soon grow bored with his choice and would fast forward more and more until it was over. The watching would take so much less time than the choosing.

Happily she looked great and his lust and need for blood grew inside him in equal measure. He was determined not to fast forward this experience.

"Wow you came, she said, "I was afraid I would never see you again. I have never done anything..." 

He ignored her attempt to reach out to him and her voice trailed off as he walked past. They were in a Holiday Inn so the room was typical of the type that the hotel chain provided all around the world. Clean, functional and comfortable but nothing special. A bed, a sofa and a bathroom. Perhaps next time he would move up market. He should get a hotel with a four-poster bed and a large bath he thought. He loved the idea of making love in a bath. Yes he deserved a little more luxury. 

It reminded him that he needed to solve his growing problem of money. He had no job now and his salary would not top up his current account again. He must think through the fact that it was fine being immortal but he needed an immortal income stream too.

He walked to the window, the view was of the wall opposite and so he pulled down the shutter blocking out the view of the night.

There was a bedside light by the window so he clicked it on. He then hit the switch for the main light, turning it off, so reducing the room to a softer level of lighting. He turned to see she was standing by the bed. Her hands were at her side waiting for him to tell her what to do. The smell of soap was overpowering. His noise wrinkled at the strength of his heightened vampire senses. He could not be sure if she looked frightened or excited. Probably a bit of both, he thought, just like me.

He appraised the very slim, pretty girl in jeans, brunette coloured hair swept back and red blouse buttoned right up to the collar. He allowed his eyes to sweep up and down her body before settling his gaze on her neck area. God girls have great necks he thought.

As his mind dwelt on the collar of her blouse and thoughts of necks began to dominate his thoughts. He realised she had begun to undo the buttons of her blouse. He grinned reminding himself that it was all too easy to get her to act even on just an idle thought. The temptation to feed there and then was overwhelming. He hesitated watching the slow methodical undoing of another button before finally finding the strength to will her to stop. This was his second solo hunt and he wanted to be better, slower, more in control than the first.

His first hunt had been great. It had been such a roller coaster of desire, fear and fulfilment. The sense of triumph afterwards had been such a high, but he wanted his hunts to last so much longer. The seduction, the lovemaking were important to him and seemed to help control this sense of anger he felt growing inside him. If he let the anger loose he knew it would mean tearing this girl apart and he didn't want that. At least he today he didn't.
