 Session 1 – The Moment

Session 2 – The Enemy

Session 3 – The Search

Session 4 – The Horror

Session 5 – The Coward

Session 6 – The Lie

Session 7 – The End

Session 8 – The Sacrifices

Session 9 – The Mission



Session 4 – The Horror

"Shit!" Martin said, careful to keep his voice down.  He had hoped that Cammy was wrong about the insect having Emily, but he followed the large monster anyway.  He sensed Cammy following him, equally concerned, but he paid no attention as he found a concealed spot.  The insects seemed to follow a similar pattern in constructing their breeding chambers; there was a good hiding spot at the entrance to each chamber.

Provided nothing else came up from behind, which didn't seem to be the case, they could easily see inside the chamber.  If the insect looked at them, all they would need to do is duck to the side and not be seen.

Or so Martin hoped.  It was an awful risk, and he might have just been lucky with Niki and Jodi's insects.  They were clearly distracted with their victims...

"It is her...," Cammy whispered as though she wished she was wrong.  The knot in Martin's gut tightened at the sight of Emily being carried by the circling insect.  It swiftly stopped its movement, setting the busty woman on the soft ground of the chamber.

The sight of Emily being deposited by the new insect filled Martin with more fear than he had ever known before.  The others had ventured into the insect's lair, but he thought that Emily was safe above ground.  If she was here, that meant that the insects were bringing victims down from the surface.

It also meant that they were wrong; everyone up top was at risk.  This meant that Brea was in real danger!

His mind was racing, but Martin had to stop himself.  Brea was in potential danger, but he didn't know for certain.  But Emily actually was in danger!  One of the insects had captured her, bringing her here for one purpose!

"Ooh..." Emily moaned, pushing herself onto her knees.  After adjusting to the soft floor, she pulled her reddish brown hair away from her face and looked around with her blinking blue eyes.  Even through his concern, Martin was startled by her appearance.  Brea's busty friend wasn't wearing the same clothes she was when Emily offered to go on ahead.  Rather than wearing an unbelievably revealing knitted tank top and very tight shorts (like Cammy still had on), Emily wore a lacy bra and panties.  Martin wondered how, and why, she would do something like that.

It didn't take long for Emily's eyes to settle on the large insect that carried her to this place.  Her eyes widened at the sight of it.  "Oh my..."

She stared at the large insect as it circled her, passing by Martin's view.  He hoped that she would see him, but her eyes never left the monster.  At first her eyes were afraid, but the longer she stared at it the less fearful she became.

Confused, Martin looked at Cammy.  "What's going on?"

"I don't know...," she admitted before her eyes lit up.  "It's eyes...the police girl said not to look them in the eyes...!"

Martin instantly recalled that same detail.  He thought that Jodi and Niki were not looking at it out of shame or fury, but now he realized that it was even more sinister than that!

The more he looked at Emily, the more her eyes seemed hypnotized by the insect's.  Her breathing grew heavy and intense, like she was getting aroused by the monster.  Martin felt the urge to intervene before another urge fought against it.

He had to save Brea; all other considerations came second.  She might bring out the best in him, or so he liked to think, but she was the world to him.  He found himself wondering if that meant sacrificing Emily to the insect.

He knew the answer, even if it also meant abandoning Jodi and Niki.

"Should we stop it?" Cammy asked quietly.

"No."  Martin tried to sound remorseful and ashamed.  "We need to get out of here, and stealth is our only option.  If they find us, the monsters will get you and Brea.  I...I cannot allow that."

Whether or not she saw through his bullshit, Cammy simply nodded.  Like him, she too held out hope for saving her loved ones.  She was also willing to do whatever it took to survive.  This thought actually gave Martin pause; she might very well be willing to sacrifice him if it meant saving Darian.

Martin pushed that disturbing thought aside, instead watching as the thoroughly aroused and enthralled Emily finally looked away from the insect.  Instead of fleeing, like any rational person would, she began to tug playfully at her bra straps.

Even though he knew that she was enthralled, Martin didn't know what to make of her behavior.  "What the hell's she doing?"

Cammy didn't answer him, nor did she need to.  She could see just as clearly as he could, and they both watched in morbid silence as Emily's fingers trailed her bra with her fingers.  The gorgeous woman opened her mouth, silently moaning in ecstasy each time her fingers scraped against her large breasts.  Her hands finally cupped her boobs, pressing them together for the insect's benefit.

While Martin was horrified, he was strangely enthralled...even aroused.  He realized that he was not the only one; the insect was not attacking her.  Unlike the ones that attacked Jodi and Niki, this one seemed different.  Martin wasn't sure how he could sense this, but the insect was enjoying the view.

Emily was a gorgeous woman, and she knew how to play her cards.  She lowered her hands to the soft ground, discreetly shrugging off her shoulder straps.  Leaning forward, she gave the insect a grand view of her magnificent cleavage.  Her blue eyes stared at it once more, almost pleading with it, before she looked down and pulled her bra off her large tits.

"Mmmm..." she purred, leaving her bra hanging under her spectacular breasts.  Her hands began sensually caressing her face, with a finger slipping in and out of her mouth.  Emily's eyes continued to stare at the monstrous insect, pleading for it to come for her.

The monster finally took her up on the offer, advancing and wrapping its arms around her voluptuous body.  Emily gave it a coy, pleased smile before casually removing her own panties.  The insect's own hands easily removed Emily's bra, somehow displaying a working knowledge of how to do so without ripping or cutting the garment.

As strange as Martin found this, his confusion faded at the sight of the insect's tail splitting open.  The pale pink shaft slid free, dripping with slime and terrible intent.  This time was not like before; when the insect attacked Niki, Martin had a poor view obscured by the poor girl.  Now he could see the insect's member clearly; it was only a few feet from the hiding place!

It was as terrible as he remembered.  The only truly fleshy part of the insect, it was a sickly pink color covered in heavily throbbing veins.  The tip of it looked like an un-blossomed flower, and Martin recalled how it splayed out before it plunged into sweet Niki, stealing her virginity.

But unlike Niki's monster, this one did not immediately attack Emily.  Unsure whether or not this was because Niki resisted or because Martin was right about this one being different, he merely watched as Emily rose onto her knees and offered herself completely to the insect.

The insect's mandibles opened and its mouth descended towards Emily's breasts.  Martin found himself briefly alarmed (maybe the bug actually did want to eat Emily) until he saw the bug's tongue slither from its mouth.  It wrapped around Emily's right boob, tasting her.

"Oooh..." Emily moaned when the tongue flickered against her nipple.  The monster's tongue flickered again before it spread its mandibles wider and engulfed her entire breast in its mouth.

Cammy covered her mouth.  "Disgusting!"

"Oh yeah..."  Her eyes ablaze with dazed arousal, Emily continued to moan at the sensation of the insect's mouth sucking fiercely on her large breast.  Its mouth pulled with such force that Martin feared the insect would tear her boob right off her body!

Not only did it do no such thing, but Emily seemed to love it!  She moaned and cooed with delirious pleasure as the monster released her breast with a loud pop before immediately going after the other one.  It placed a clawed hand on each of Emily's glistening breasts, fiercely fondling her orbs.  Only when its tongue slithered around one did the hands relent, only for the tongue to pick up the slack.

"Oooohh....!"  Emily through her head back, but the insect refused to relent.  Her huge tits were covered in its spit, and her nipples were nearly red from the strain.

Even with the lingering memories of Niki and Jodi's screaming, the insect's treatment of Emily was strangely arousing.  Martin shifted himself uncomfortably, hoping that Cammy didn't notice his erection.  She might think poorly of him, and she might tell Brea about it!  If that wasn't bad enough, this insect was doing what Martin had done in his dreams many times!  It wasn't fair!

"Gahh!" Emily cried out, sinking to the ground exhausted.

The monster finally released Emily's breasts from its mouth, turning its head away from the nubile woman.  Martin figured it finally tasted her enough, and the insect's head twisted so that he was able to get a good look at it.  Its long tongue flickered around its mouth before it closed its mandibles.  Aside from the mandibles and antennae, Martin realized that its face looked remarkably human...at least enough to recognize the expression.

It was pleased with Emily's taste, yet had mixed feelings about whether or not it wanted to stop.  Martin couldn't blame it; oh how he envied the monster during all that!

But the insect seemingly decided against tasting her again...or worse, eating her outright.  Instead its pink member finally curled forward.  Martin cringed, but the member instead shot towards Emily's face.

He met Cammy's bewildered look.  "It can't be serious..."

Martin couldn't answer her; the insect clearly was!  Its hands turned Emily's head towards its approaching member, and her glazed eyes found it easily enough.  It pushed against her mouth, and Emily's luscious lips parted before it willingly.

"Oh my god..."  Martin shook his head in disbelief.  Not only did this monster suck on Emily's titties for minutes, but now she was giving it head!  Unbelievable!

Emily's mouth worked its member like a pro.  This didn't surprise Martin one bit; Emily always did strike him as sexually adventurous.  He doubted that she ever considered this scenario though...

With her skillful mouth and deft hands, Emily easily made the monster cum.  Martin saw the jizz shoot through the slightly translucent member into her mouth.  The insect held her head in place as its semen flooded into the brunette's mouth.

"Mmmpffhh..." Emily moaned, but her throat kept gulping down the bug's juice.  No matter how much she swallowed, the insect delivered more.  To Martin, it seemed like a lot of semen...

"How much more can she take...?" Cammy muttered out loud.  Martin said nothing, wondering the same thing.

The answer came quickly when Emily's cheeks bulged.  Her eyes squinted, and some pale green fluid splurted past the insect's appendage.  Sensing that she had enough, the insect quickly withdrew its member.  Martin found a sense of relief as it pulled back away from her.

"Gaahh..." Emily gasped, wiping the fluid from her lips.  Her blue eyes blinked in confusion, but the insect did not leave her alone for long.  Its powerful hands grabbed Emily's body, turning the voluptuous vixen onto her hands and knees.

"What's it doing now...?" Martin wondered out loud.  Cammy had no answer for him.

But the insect did, moving to just over Emily's back.  Its hands reached around, seizing her large breasts again and pulling them both together.  Martin wondered if it was going to penetrate her pussy, like its brethren did to Jodi and Niki.  Instead, he saw the beast's tail curve towards her ass.

"No way..."

Holding Emily tightly, the insect slid its member into her ass.

"UUuaaghh!!" Emily cried out, but the insect was good at this.  Its member was already well lubricated, and slid inside with ease that startled Martin.  Yet even as the insect used its large weight to push Emily towards the floor, she twisted her body to get a look at what was happening.  Her eyes were still dazed, yet the pain had given them a semblance of clarity missing before.

Even so, Emily made no effort to stop the insect.  Not that she could anyway, Martin decided.  It was too big, and clearly had her in a dominant position.  When he saw the fluids flow down its penis, he also knew it was too late.

The insect's started thrusting, and Emily squinted her eyes from the renewed pain.  Its semen found her ass, and the insect's thrusting sent more and more of it into Emily's prone body.  Its hands held her breasts with such strength that again Martin wondered if it would actually hurt her.

But its clawed hands never broke her skin.  Instead they held her tits tightly while it pumped as obscene amount of cum into Emily's amazing ass.  Only after what seemed like a minute did the insect stop pumping her body, and its hands relaxed their brutal hold.

"Uaaghh..." Emily moaned when the insect's member finally slipped free of her anus.  The monster flicked its member free of its cum while its hands turned its victim onto her back.

"I don't get it...," Cammy said quietly.  "If these things are trying to impregnate women, why did this one cum in her mouth and butt?"

"I have no idea," Martin admitted.  Whatever its reason was, the insect was clearly done with it.  It's middle legs wrapped around Emily's thighs, just like Niki's did earlier.  Still under its power, Emily reached down with her fingers and spread her pussy lips invitingly.

Martin finally saw the insect's member unfurl, splaying open just like Niki's insect did with her.  The sinister flower bloomed, splaying its ends outwards.  Green ooze dripped from its opening, yet it was the fact that it was hollow that startled Martin the most.  He thought that it was the insect's dick, but it didn't look like one.  It was more like a thick, fleshy tube.

"What the...?" he murmured, eyeing it cautiously.

The insect's dick closed up again, and the tail curled it towards Emily's eagerly awaiting pussy.  Her fingers continued to stroke her completely bare pussy, and her body was already lubricating itself for the insect.

"OOoouughh...!"  Emily seized her breast tightly with her free hand when the insect's shaft found her opening.  Her fingers parted her lips, and the insect did not hesitate.  It's member slid inside the voluptuous woman, and she cried out louder.  "OouaaghhHH!!"

Cammy didn't like the sight of this any more than he did.  "Martin?  Are you...sure we shouldn't try...?"

"To help?" he finished for her.  He watched as the insect gave a few thrusts, driving its pale fleshy appendage inside Emily's writhing body.  Just like he saw with Niki, the insect's member didn't entirely vanish into Emily's pussy; several extra inches remained outside its victim's body.  It started giving her short, shallow thrusts...just like Niki's rapist did.

For her part, Emily was enjoying this far more than when the insect fucked her anally.  She caressed her breasts, enjoying every second of this, yet he was not.  She was Brea and her sister Tracy's best friend.  They might never forgive him for leaving her like this, but he didn't have a choice.

Or did he?  He looked down the passage ahead, where Jodi and Niki were taken.  Their screaming did stop; maybe they were okay now!  They had to be!

The only other alternative was something he didn't want to even consider, yet their screams echoed in his mind.  Cammy said their screaming sounded like they were in tremendous pain, but that didn't mean anything.  Did it?

No, it didn't.  He had to think positive here.  "No, we got to get out of here.  Jodi and Niki...will be okay...and so will Emily!"

Although not convinced, Cammy fell silent.  Whatever sort of triumph he felt vanished the instant he saw the first shape push towards Emily's violated pussy.  His eyes narrowed; he saw it moving!  But both Cammy and he were sure that the insects pumped Jodi and Niki full of their eggs!  Eggs didn't move, so what the hell was this?

Cammy saw it too.  "What the hell is that?"

"I dunno..." Martin said unhelpfully.  It wiggled and squirmed its way down the insect's tube softly gyrating in and out of Emily's soaked pussy, clearly alive.  Martin felt his breathing stop as the dark shape got closer and closer, and he nearly lost it when he saw another shape start its journey down the tube.

Martin had an awful feeling that his worst guess was the correct one, but he shook his head free.  He had to think optimistically here!  It's what Brea would want him to do!

"OOaaghh!?" Emily moaned, surprised when the shape found her impaled pussy lips.  It pressed what must be its head into Emily's body, and began to wiggle around violently inside the tube.  Emily grabbed her breasts, fondling them fiercely as she cried out in ecstasy.  The dark shape's aggressive squirming, combined with the insect's gentle thrusting, allowed the shape to slide more and more of its length into Emily's body.

Without saying a word, Martin just watched as more of the shape pushed its way into Emily's body until, with seemed like a slurping sound, the last of it vanished past Emily's parted slit.

His mouth was dry, yet Martin swallowed.  He wasn't stupid; whatever that dark shape was couldn't have been good.  Niki and Jodi were pumped with these same things, and they ended up screaming for it.  He felt nauseous, and nearly jumped when Emily screamed out her orgasm.

Reluctantly, he returned his attention to her.  By now the second dark shape was pressing against Emily's body open before it, while the first had to have reached her womb.  Martin saw a third working its way down the shaft, and he suspected more were being churned inside the insect's long thorax.  A deep pumping sound was coming from inside the insect's tail, echoing hand in hand with the insect's pale dick throbbing.

"Ooooh..."  Emily raised her hands over her head, blissfully unaware of the potentially serious nature of the insect's intentions.  One of its hands continued to stroke her breasts, this time almost tenderly, while the other rubbed her tummy softly.  Unlike its victim, the insect seemed to be pleased with what was happening.  Martin glowered at the ugly bastard; it was enjoying this!

"I..."  He struggled to speak, turning away from Emily.  "I can't watch..."

Seeing exactly the same thing that he was, Cammy's eyes were horrified.  "Martin...it's putting its...babies into her..."

While Emily cried out with pleasure, Martin just flinched with shame.  "Yeah..."

He couldn't watch, but Cammy kept on going.  "They're like...worms...grubs...it's disgusting!"

Martin sensed the question coming, but he was getting tired of answering it.  "We can't stop this Cammy.  Do you really want to be next?  How will you find Darian?"

Although horrified, the thought of the insect getting her kept Cammy sober.  He knew it was a low blow to bring up Darian like that, but it did keep her mind focused.  When she responded, her voice was calm and steady.  "No."

"We need to get outta here...for Brea and for Darian..."  Martin fell silent, flinching every time Emily indicated she was impregnated with another...grub.  When he spoke up again, it was more for his benefit than Cammy's.  "Emily will be fine.  She'll be taken to where Niki and Jodi were.  They'll...give birth to the monsters until they're rescued.  It...It's up to us to get them help..."

Rather than argue, Cammy remained quiet.  Aside from a nervous looks around the warped caves (and Cammy's occasional guilty look towards Emily) the two of them remained in their hiding place.  Somehow Martin kept count on the number of times Emily cried out, only looking up once he reached twelve.
