 It was a cool night in October; I was taking the garbage down to the road as I did every Wednesday night. My wife and I live out in the country on a gravel road and the only house nearby is an abandoned one at the bottom of my lane. It's about a quarter mile down to the road and sometimes I must admit a little scary. 

It was a cloudy evening so it was darker then usual; as I got near the bottom of the lane I thought I smelled something sweet. I didn't give it much thought since my wife wasn't home from work yet. I knew I wasn't baking anything and there wasn't another living soul for miles. I left the garbage can on the side of the road and headed back to the house. 

That's when I noticed the smell again, this time there was no mistaking what it was. It reminded me of my childhood, I would spend weekends with my aunt and every year around this time she would always make the most mouth watering pumpkin cream pie. I don't know what I enjoyed more eating that pie or watching her bake it. 

She had died in a car wreck when I was in college, it was a very bad time for me. She was always my favorite aunt, we had a lot of great times while I was growing up. I can still see her in her sun dress, it seemed two sizes to small on top making her large breasts seem even larger. It would taper down to her narrow waist and then bow out at her almost perfect hips. I was too young to really appreciate how great she looked; all I know is it made me feel tingly down in my private area. I would try to make small talk and seem interested in her baking so she would let me stay and watch. She always teased me that I would make someone a fine wife some day. I didn't mind as long as I got to watch her bend over showing her ample cleavage and round bottom.

I was snapped out of this trip down memory lane by a loud thump, I recognized the sound but couldn't place it right away. I walked toward the abandoned house and as I got closer I noticed a light coming from one of the first floor rooms. I had done some exploring in the house so I was pretty sure the light was coming from what would have been the kitchen. The smell of pumpkin and spice got stronger as I got closer to the front door. 

I don't know what drove me to continue, I am not the brave type and to be honest I dread the weekly walk down to the road in the fall and winter when it's usually dark. I make myself do it though to try and get over my fears. I took the flashlight out of my pocket that I carry in case I see a deer or something. I pushed the front door open and looked inside; I could hear my heart pounding. As I made my way through the rubble and old furniture I heard the thump again and realized that it was the sound of an oven closing. 

I froze in my tracks, this was not smart, there could have been a bum staying in the house and he might not want any company. But I asked myself why a bum would be baking a pumpkin cream pie. So I turned off my flashlight and crept closer to the kitchen, what I saw was unbelievable. The kitchen was just the way I remembered my Aunt's, and standing at the stove with her back to me was my long lost Aunt. I cleared my throat to get her attention as she turned she said "I've been waiting for you to get home, what took you so long".

I remember falling and hitting my head and when I awoke I was sitting at the table with a bag of ice on my head and my Aunt by my side. She looked just like I remember her from my childhood so I decided I must have fallen taking the thrash out and this must be a dream. She caressed my head and pulled me to her bosom and asked if I was alright. My face was pressed up against the boobs that I fantasized about through all of my teenage years. I felt that same tingle in my dick that I got the first time I noticed her as a woman. I told her I felt fine but I wasn't sure where I was or how I got there. 

She laughed and said you must have hit your head pretty hard when you fell out of the tree outback. I remembered climbing the tree behind her house, but that was thirty years ago. I could still smell the pie and asked if it was about ready to eat. She let go of me and went to check on it, as she bent down to open the oven I noticed her dress was shorter then I remembered it. It was so short that I was able to see the pretty satin panties she was wearing. I also noticed a little wet spot in the crotch. 

She turned around with the pie in her hands and said I could have a piece as soon as it cooled. She said the only problem was she didn't have any whipped cream and knew how much I liked her whipped cream. I said I could go up to my house and see if we had some. She said that wouldn't be necessary, I started to ask why but before I had the chance she came and kneeled in front of me. As she placed her hand in my lap she said, I think you have all the cream I need right here. I was as hard as I had ever been and as she unzipped my pants I thought I would cum right then and there. 

I was able to control myself as she pulled my pants and underwear off. Her breast were about to fall out of the top of her dress so I reached down and helped them the rest of the way out. They were much better in real life than they ever looked in my jerk off sessions, the nipples were hard and I just had to bend down and suck one into my mouth. She moaned softly and told me there would be plenty of time for that, but right now she needed to make some whipped cream.

She licked the end of my dick savoring the pre cum that had been there. She reached behind her and grabbed a measuring cup and started to stroke me. She moved her hand up and down my cock methodically, I wanted her to move faster but she didn't. I was going nuts, I never experienced anything like this, and her grip was very tight, almost painful. She looked awesome , but at the same time she had a distant look in her eyes. Instead of stoking my cock it was like she was mixing ingredients. She held the cup close to the end of my cock and in a low sexy voice she said "cum for me now, Auntie needs some cream". With that I came harder than I ever did, and somehow she managed to catch every drop in the cup. 

When I was finished she held it up to the light and with a disappointed look on her face she said "that's not going to be enough" I was not fifteen years old any more and I told her that I didn't know when I would be "up" to supplying more cream for her pie. This was the first time the dream started to worry me, I mean if it was a dream then you would think I would be able to go as long and as many times as I wanted. But what if it wasn't a dream, no it had to be, there was no other explanation. 

My Aunt stood up and said she would just have to help me get back in the mood. With that she took her dress the rest of the way off, leaving her in her blue satin panties. She asked if I would like to take them off. I reached for her and she slapped my hands, not so fast mister, you can only use your teeth. I bent down and tried to grasp her panties with my teeth, it was not easy but I finally got them. I could feel my dick stirring as I got my first look at her pussy. She had trimmed it down to just a small patch above her clit. After I finished removing her panties I lifted my head up and started to lick her pussy, she spread her legs slightly but then closed them again. I was confused and filled with lust for her. She on the other hand had only one thing on her mind, "judging by the size of your cock you appear ready to supply some more cream. This time she had me get up on the table, as I lay back I felt something clamp around my wrists. She had cuffed me to the table; I thought to myself that Auntie was a little kinky; she then cuffed my ankles and got up on the table with me. 

She straddled my chest with her pussy just inches from my mouth. The sight was unbelievable, I wanted to reach up and grab her ass but of course I couldn't. I strained my neck to try and lick her pussy but it was just out of my reach. Just then I felt her start her slow agonizing stoke, it felt so good but at the same time I was going out of my head again. 

Faster I yelled, but her tempo didn't change, she was like a mixer set on low. She said she didn't want to spill a drop and this was the best way to accomplish that. Thankfully between the vision in front of me and her tight grip it wasn't long before I was shooting my wad into the measuring cup again. She milked me like a cow getting every last drop out. I was exhausted, and asked her if I had given enough yet. She looked at the cup and with another look of disdain she said I hadn't. I asked her to uncuff me, she said when she had enough cream for her pie I could get up. 

I was starting to get a little worried cause I could never remember a dream lasting this long or being this real. I was also feeling pain in my wrists and that didn't seem right either. She saw the look on my face and said "you don't still think this is a dream do you". I asked what else it could be, she just smiled and picked the measuring cup back up. I think one more time should do it with a little luck. I was spent and it was going to take more than luck to get me hard again. 

But Auntie wasn't worried, she took the cuffs off of my ankles one at a time and put them in a stirrup type contraption that brought my legs up above my head when she pulled a rope. This bought my ass straight up in the air with my dick pointed down at my face. It was a little painful but I forgot about that as soon as my Aunt started licking my ass hole. The feeling was unbelievable, I had seen this in videos but never experienced it myself. She didn't touch my dick at all but she caressed my balls and then licked them also. I couldn't believe I was getting hard for the third time in less than an hour. 

The pre cum was starting to flow and it dripped down on my mouth. Auntie noticed this and told me to lick it up, I hesitated but she insisted. It's not like you've never eaten it before, your uncle supplied the main ingredient in my whipped cream for years. I couldn't believe my ears, could she be telling the truth, wait this is a dream, none of this is happening. So I figured what the hell, I licked the slippery substance off my lips. It was a little salty but not too bad, Auntie smiled and took my cock in her hand and started jacking, this time she didn't take her time and I was a little concerned with what she had in mind. She reached behind her with her free hand and scooped up some of the pumpkin pie that had been cooling. She smeared it on my mouth and told me to eat it, it was warm and tasted just like I remember. 

She continued to jerk me off hard and I could feel my balls swell with my cum. When she slipped one of her fingers in my ass I knew it wouldn't be long. She started laughing and said "now that you've had your pie here comes your whipped cream" and with that I started coming and she made sure it all landed in and around my mouth. When I was through she grabbed some more pie and crammed it in her mouth. She then kissed me and licked the rest of my cum off my face. It was the most erotic moment of my life. My wife and I have had quite a few daring adventures so that was saying a lot. Her pumpkin pie always made me sleepy and even though I was still tied to the table I fell asleep.

I awoke to the sound of my wife calling my name, her car was parked in the lane and I was sitting by the creek. I called to her and she came over to where I was sitting. She asked what I was doing, I said I wasn't sure. She said I was going to catch a cold and to get in the car. As I closed the door to her car she looked at me and said I smelled like pumpkin pie.