 Sheriff Jacob Creech was really looking forward to retirement at this point. The desire to make this someone else's problem was only getting stronger with each passing minute, especially with each passing new case that came in. Alan "walked out" of this a while ago with vague promises to come by if he heard something, Jacob isn't going to pretend that what they were doing was in any way legal. They've broken confidentiality, they've withheld evidence, they've gotten testing from unapproved places where the chain of evidence hasn't been respected, and now the only reason they can honestly say they haven't faked or falsified any reports is that there haven't been any.

For over a decade the only thing Putnam had that approached what could be called a sex crime was a couple teachers from the community college up the road were caught having sex in a public park. Now over the past 8 days there's been 6 of these brutal gang rapes. 6 of the women of this town - of HIS town. And what do they have? Officially they don't even know about them, none of the victims want to file a report or press charges. Just a couple anonymous rape kits and even that took a devil of a time to talk those women into. Unofficially, no progress for 8 days - no life threatening injuries, or even particularly bad ones when considered individually, but at least 3 attackers who don't use condoms and after the whole group is done they shove something into their victims like a police baton or a baseball bat - something that's never been recovered or identified. Hell, the one lucky break they've caught this whole case was that Dr. Richard Panson and Dr. Alice Swain - the teachers from the college he agreed to make their file disappear in exchange for their help - turned out to be a chemist and a biologist respectively.

The part that used to be the weirdest part to him out though is that when he or Dr. Crowe tries to get a description of the attackers from any of the 6 women they get the same basic description every time no matter if she knew any of the others or not. Only 1 rapist - A large man with horns growing out of his head. And the victims also say that there's no object, his penis was just that large. Nobody's taken any pictures or caught any images of these attackers on a camera even unofficially, the closest was coming from Julie Jackson when she was raped at the Gas'n'Go. Why the girl erased the security footage he had no idea, he wrote it off as trauma.

No cameras, no official recordings, but Julie drew a picture of who she said her attacker was. One man, with horns, goat legs, hooves, and a very large manhood. He managed to get a copy of the picture with her permission and now it sat on his desk. The part he was uncomfortable with was that the drawing doesn't seem to be something such a "heavily traumatized" woman would draw. Hell, it looked like Julie was being almost playful with it. Double Hell, maybe there was one perp and it was the Devil himself. He was on the clock, but drinking some whiskey anyway.

Alan at this point goes up for a sandwich whenever he sees Dr. Crowe walking in, not needing to say a word. Dr. Crowe doesn't say anything at first either, just sits down and they both stare at the drawing for a little while. Dr. Crowe is the one that finally breaks the silence.

"Melanie had an appointment this morning. Apparently she knew she was ovulating a week ago." Angie starts not needing to say 'when she was raped', "She's pregnant. And then I got a call from Natalia to set up an appointment. Apparently she left the house to get a pregnancy test, and it came up positive. She wants me to confirm it."

Jacob grunts. Of course they are. He takes another drink.

"The weirdest part is that I could tell, they were both trying to act depressed about it but they weren't doing a very good job about it. I think they're both excited to have babies from their attacks."

"That's not the weirdest part." he simply replies as he pulls up a the email he got from Dr. Panson an hour ago, which led to him pulling out the whiskey bottle.

"I looked it up. Normally you'd need to wait at least 2 weeks for these kinds of test results if you've got the luck of the devil, and up to a month isn't weird - but that's mostly just due to backlog. Our professors say they've tested all the semen we've given them three times, including one particularly sensitive test they pulled out just because of the results of the first test."

"And?"

Jacob pauses to down his drink before he tells her, "In all that goo there's only 1 set of DNA, and we ain't looking for identical triplets - not that there has been any triplets in or around Putnam in over a hundred years."

"But that's impossible! You can't get this much semen out of one man in only 8 days, that's just a basic biological fact!"

"I figured you'd say something like that. You want to talk to Dr. Panson and Dr. Swain I'll give you their email, but right now - this unofficial investigation of ours is switching tracks. They say they only had one rapist, we'll believe them."

"This is insane, a Man can't do this!"

"And yet here we are," he finishes, holding up the picture Julie drew while pouring another drink, "Staring the bastard in the face."

Angela just shakes her head, and Jacob passes her the drink he was pouring. She downs it in one dramatic go.

"Something Melanie said has me wondering too. See said she wasn't planning to have a Putnam Baby - what was she talking about?"

Jacob sighs, and leans back to figure out how he's going to say this.

"There's a term I haven't heard in a while. You know how our Birthrate is maybe a third of what it should be, statistically speaking? Well, the only reason its even that high is - how am I going to put this - sometimes the women of our town adopt, and sometimes they have Putnam Babies."

"Ah. Hell of a secret to hold down in this kind of town. How often does this happen? And how come you know about this and I didn't?"

". . .First day I took this job my last call of the day was to the Burns residence, Gloria said a suspicious character was lurking around. When I got there she answered the door only in her underwear, and when I started to leave she literally got on her knees and begged me to make love to her. Apparently her husband hadn't made her 'feel like a woman' for years at that point."

"You didn't. . ."

"I was a young man and while I've been to the mines I've never worked there, and she was older then me at the time but she was still a beautiful woman. I did, ashamed to say."

"But that was the only time, right? Putnam Babies are pretty rare, right?"

"Sorry Angie. But truth be told some years I wonder if any of the babies born in Putnam aren't Putnam Babies. And when I was a younger man - well, they weren't all mine but during my first 30 years as Sheriff we sometimes got as high as Half the birthrate we should of had."

Angie gets up, with a sigh, "They trusted you, and to repay them you treated their wives like your personal harem. If this had been in any other context. . ."

"Dr. Crowe?"

"I'm still with you on this Sheriff, at least what you did was consensual - but I'm going to need a bit of time to process all this. We'll talk tomorrow."

---------

Dr. Angela Crowe may of been officially bound to patient confidentiality but she had been dropping hints that maybe it was a good time to get a gun or mace - and she had taken that advise to heart herself as she finishes up at work. Natalia Youngblood and Melanie Saldana, both raped by a medically impossible complete stranger, both potentially pregnant from the rape, and yet somehow Angie is getting the impression that they're actually happy about it if trying to hide it. Was that something else they had in common? All the victims weren't on birth control? She was going to have to make some calls in the morning to the other victims to check that idea, for now she's just going to do her duty as a doctor and start setting up pregnancy check-ups and tests for the women who want to be mothers despite how little sense that makes.

The mace she had in her purse right now was meant for Bears, it definitely should handle a rapist even if he does have super-balls and horns. She still shakes her head at that but there's no other conclusion that can be reached. Somewhere out there in her town of mostly sterile men there was a beast-man who was not only fertile but super-humanly so, able to produce multiple times the amount of semen a normal healthy man can make. And that man, over the last 8 days, has brutally raped 6 of her neighbors. The fact that none of the victims have felt like complaining, a couple even coming off as glad that it happened, was weird to be sure but ultimately irrelevant.

She curses herself when she realizes that she can hear a sound like someone wearing cleats is out in the hallway. Julie got a good look at him and drew him as having hooves, and Dr. Angela Crowe has a sinking feeling about who he had picked to be victim number 7. Angela pulled her Bear Mace from her purse and held it in front of her, having no intentions of finding out how exactly the beast-man kept the women from complaining.

Stepping from her office, she sees him - for a fraction of a second out of the corner of her eye. He dashes into the records room before she can even turn her head to get a good look at him, but there's no mistaking it - horns on his head and a monstrous dick hanging loose between his legs easily silhouetted in the light behind him. Her heart skips a beat at the possibility that it was all true. Suddenly she wishes that she had brought something with a little more put-down power then just Bear Mace.

The next thing she sees makes her heart sink, it looks like Doc Stevens collapsed just as he was leaving the office himself - so perfectly timed that his body had blocked the back door open. Perfectly times, or planned. There's even a bruise on his face like someone grabbed it to hold his mouth shut, Angie can see it from out here in the hallway.

Of course she heads to try to come to Doc Stevens' aid, but with the Mace pointed toward where she saw the thing try to spring away - an empty hallway. She turns around then to where that hallway circles around and sees him once again, holding the Bear Mace up to stop him in his tracks. She tells herself that the reason she can't turn her eyes away from him was to make sure he doesn't make any sudden moves as she checks the breathing and pulse of Doc Stevens with her fingers. No, nothing. The old man was dead.

"You set a trap, for me." she says to the beast, trying to be angrier at him for killing Doc Stevens then she was and trying to tell herself that the fact that just looking at the beast-man was making her nipples hard and making her a little wet was just the excitement of the moment.

"You set a trap, you attack when the women least expect it or are least able to defend themselves, you open doors and fences, you make distractions, you cover your tracks, you even know what this is, or at least that it is something very bad - you're not just the random rapist or dumb monster you want everyone to think you are, are you? You're intelligent - at least on our level."

The goat-man doesn't say anything about that, but smiles as he takes a step forward and Angie feels it like he's playing her body with music. She raises up the Bear Mace but as he steps closer he gets more excited too, and his inflating cock seems to just pull her eyes downwards at it to watch his forming massive erection. She hardly notices anymore when he steps forward, and when he knocks the canister of mace out of her hands she knows she's got nobody to blame for that but herself.

He grabs her hair and starts pulling her into one of the examination rooms. The one with the gynecological chair, and he's pushing her toward it - not that she's fighting back. She's too busy just starting at that cock, that monstrously huge cock that seems to be silently promise a whole world of carnal delights.

When he forces her into the chair, rips open her shirt, and lifts her skirt while strapping her legs in she doesn't fight him - she can't fight him. For the rest of her life Dr. Angela Crowe would know that not only was she the 7th victim of this monstrous rapist but that she would be the one who didn't fight back in the slightest, and with every passing second that seemed to be perfectly okay with it more and more.

Angela doesn't get the quick pumping of a dumb beast. He aligned carefully, his first thrust something slow and exploratory and Dr. Crowe can't help but give a whimper of pleasure. Was that how he was keeping the women from reporting the attacks? By making it feel good? Surely that wouldn't be - 

His next thrusts were just as hard as he could muster and would leave just as much bruising on her body as she saw on the 6 other women she examined if not even more. The difference is that they're carefully timed and planned to send her over the top as much as he can while he takes what he wants. The first orgasm rips through her pussy and is the first smashing rock against her resolve to resist the monster, the second hits her harder, the third, the forth. . .

After an hour her body joins her mind in giving up anything resembling resistance and she passes out from the overwhelming pleasure that had taken her beyond the limits of what human endurance and tolerance should be capable of. And he kept going to wake her up with even more pleasure. "HRAH!" grunts filled the air, but he keeps an even pace as long as he could to "torture" her with it even more- not that it helps the first time he cums in her pussy and the resulting orgasm in Angela sings across her nerves and feels like she's been injected with liquid pleasure-fire.

Its almost dawn when he decides he's done with her, unceremoniously pulling out and spilling the fluids of the semen of three of his own loads along with the vaginal juices of so many orgasms Angie has lost count.

"The Evidence. Destroy it." he gruffly orders as he steps back, leaving Angie in the chair as a sort of sick mounted trophy.

"Oh God, that was. . .want me to kill the Sheriff?" Angela barely manages to ask out from under her cloud of sexual bliss and exhaustion. So THAT's how he kept the other women he raped from complaining! That was, there weren't words to describe how that felt.

"No, in fact- keep helping him. Just not too much. Understand?"

"Yes, Master. What do you want me to do with Doc's body?"

"Don't worry about it. The Hearts of Old Men, and all that."

Angie nods, and it was true. The only doctor in town, she could have cause of death put down as a heart attack - and some small rational part of her mind noted that with how he could play her body there was actually chance that it was completely true. Finally, she gets some sleep in. Normally, having the doctor's office open late was an incredibly bad thing, but in a Slower-then-Slow town like Putnam. . .