 Hi readers! This is my third go at this vampire story, please leave me some comments good or bad and I will try to learn from them all. Thank you

The end of the beginning

"You fucking idiot," the countess screamed in my face. "You killed her, didn't you, you fucking killed her." As she screamed she lifted me off my feet, her hands around my throat. My head jammed against the wall. I was shocked I had never seen her this angry and yes I was a little frightened at her speed and strength.

"Screw you," I yelled back trying hard not to let my fear show. I quickly moved my arms upwards in a chopping movement, which broke her grip and I pushed her away from me. She staggered, but quickly regained her balance. 

"Yes," I snarled, "you see Countess I have grown. I do when I want."

The Countess made a throwing motion with her arms and I flew across the room landing heavily on my side. From the old carpet came a puff of dust as I hit the ground. Screaming I went to get myself back up, regaining my feet after taking a large step backwards to avoid falling over again. Feeling a little dizzy and waiting for my head to clear I considered my options. I hesitated further because at that moment April and May, her daughters, joined the Countess. The three ladies stood glaring at me daring me to make another move.

"You have grown," the Countess said struggling to regain her composure, "but not in wisdom. How many times have I told you drink a little, screw them if you want, but do not leave a trail."

"I am sorry," I said also calming down, "I lost control."

"No," the Countess said sadly, "its not about control you enjoy the hunt that's the problem. I am sorry we are going to have to stop you before you bring ruin on us all."

I gulped and without thinking ran at the window, leaping through it, scattering glass everywhere. Taking a deep breath and not quite believing what I had done I ran away as hard as I could. Behind me April and May went to pursue me but the Countess stopped them.

"No, my loves," she said. "He has chosen he will not return. Who knows he may learn. I did."

Daymares

My first problem was the time, dawn was upon me and I needed cover from the daylight. You may think like the movies I was about to burst into flames, but no like so many things about vampires the movies have it wrong. Of course daylight burns my skin, but as soon as I am back in darkness it heals immediately. However, no one likes sunburn do they and it comes on a very fast. This speedy reddening of skin is a good way of bringing attention to oneself. So it is always better for us to hide.

I knew where to go though there was an old abandoned bungalow nearby. I had poked around in the other day when travelling to and from the convent. You can't feed every night and those nights can get boring and lonely. So often I wandered around exploring and that's how I found the old place. 

The bungalow had lain empty for years. The door had holes in it, the roof had a huge gap in it and weeds grew everywhere. The white exterior was peeling in huge chunks as nature and the elements worked on slowly destroying it. What always amused me was that the front door mat was still in place. On the mat the word "Welcome" was just about readable. Still it would do. I made the short journey to the bungalow without incident. As ever it lay empty, dank and deserted and so I settled into a corner where daylight would not reach to rest.

I could see them both in my mind as I tossed and turned in my sleep. They were both naked. She was on her back, both arms above her head, a duvet over her body. He lay restlessly on his front, the duvet lower, exposing his back. His eyes slowly opened and he smiled as he saw his wife still sleeping beside him. He moved slowly towards her, hesitating, not to wanting to wake her yet. He gently kissed her neck and then her cheek, rubbing his lips across her cheekbone he nibbled on her ear. Her mouth opened slightly revealing bright white teeth.

He sat up. Putting his left arm across her body to support him he returned to kissing her neck and then using his hand he slowly pulled the duvet away. Pausing to rub his face up against her left breast loving the roughness of his overnight stubble against her hardening nipple. He continued to kiss down her body pulling the duvet away as he went. She finally opened her eyes and as he kissed across her tummy she began to twist and writhe on the bed. Slowly her hand reached down and gently stroked his hair as he kissed her.

He brought himself back up her body and kissed her on the neck as her hands caressed his shoulders and lower back. Her legs lifted slightly into the air as he entered her, they slowly rocked together as they kissed first gently then passionately before she rolled him over onto his back.

Reaching down she slipped him back inside her pussy; lifting her body up and with the lightest of touch she ran her fingers up his body and over his chest. Her nicely manicured nails rubbing against his skin. Lowering her body slowly onto him he gasped as her breasts touched his chest and she kissed him. Her tongue began to explore the inside of his mouth.

As she kissed him his hands reached down to her bottom and he pushed it against his groin. The two of them kissed and kissed as she slowly began to ride his cock. 

I sat bolt up right breathing hard with frustration boiling over. 

This was going to a day of little sleep for this vampire. God I wanted her, but who was she. I went back over the events of the night before and then remembered a particularly lady who I shared a hard stare with. It happened as I was leaving the hotel after my latest victim's unfortunate death. As I recalled she was in one of their function rooms making a little speech as I walked in on her. To be honest after killing my victim I was in a little bit of a daze and I got confused about the way out. Normally, I would be more in control, but I guess I linked our minds accidently. She was gorgeous though and from what I had just seen a pretty good fuck.

She must have been having some kind of business function. She was dressed formally as was her audience. I remembered a little of her speech and the audience laughing at her jokes. 

My plan for some while had been to leave the convent and I had been searching for a place to live. I had quickly decided residence in a hotel was the natural place to be. The search had led me from hotel to hotel looking for the best one to live in. Naturally I had indulged in more than the odd snack too. 

Hotels were perfect larders for vampires. Full of business travellers or other people alone in their rooms just waiting to be fed upon. Easy access easy escape. The idea of living in one had come to me as soon as it was clear I needed to escape from the Countess. True I had not expected it to come quite so soon but never mind I had escaped.

I wriggled around on the bungalow floor. God it was uncomfortable but I just needed to get through this one day. The old place was open to elements so I could hear birds singing and the odd car in the distance. I felt sad at my lost life now I was just driven to drink blood and seduce victims, but like any addiction it was all encompassing and it had to be satisfied.

As I have said several times before the movies get so many things wrong about vampires, but one thing is right we are loners. We can neither live with each other or with our former human friends. Some creatures feeding off other animals such as the lion hunt in packs, and others like the Tiger hunt alone. For vampires it had to be a solo hunt. The Countess had spent a year teaching me all she could. Her final gift had been a large monthly payment into my bank account so I had independent means. Now though life with her protection was over. She had threatened to kill me so I had fled. I knew in my heart she would honour the bank account and as long as I stayed away she would leave me alone.

She was in the shower now. Wet hair hanging down, as she shampooed it, fingers vigorously massaging her scalp. I could feel the touch of her skin as she soaped her breasts and stomach. Her nipples were hard from the spray of the water. She was singing although I could not hear it and glowing with happiness from her husband making love to her. It struck me how much she loved him and that made me want her even more. A desire to take her from him grew within me. I watched as she turned off the shower, stepped out dried herself with a white towel and again frustratingly I awoke.

Interrupted dreams. God its so annoying how you can never get back to a dream you had been enjoying.

I must despite it all have slept the rest of the day because when I next awoke it was quite dark. I had continued to dream about all kinds of things from my new life and my old, but the lady eluded me. Except now I had one word in my head "Fortness" and that it seemed would be my first step to finding her.

A new home and a new victim

There was one 5 star hotel I had yet to hunt in, it was really well located midway between the town and the airport. The Comet as it was called was a favourite haunt of people wanting to travel in style or those wanting a little pampering in its fully equipped spa. It was just part of a whole collection of hotels built up to serve the airport. Some budget hotels full of students and aircrews, family hotels for those from far away with flights at difficult times or wanting to explore the city. There were the usual business hotels cold and functional and The Comet, different, special, the standard in quality for the area.

I hurried to the station took the train to the hotel and booked myself one of the penthouse suites for a month. Once settled into the room I looked at the piece of paper and map the hotel staff had given me. The hotel had been very helpful in finding me the address of the company called Fortness and directions. Apparently they made baths and showers. I hurried over there.

It only took a while to find her. The building was modern and all glass so a little wandering around the outside led by my telepathic link to her meant I tracked her down. Fortunately she worked late and happily her office was on the ground floor on the outside, so with my fantastic vampire sight I had a good view.

There she was a vision in purple standing up, headset on, talking animatedly on the phone. She was complaining at a supplier for late delivery. 

"We need those taps by 9am tomorrow morning," she said firmly to the hapless supplier on the other end.

I stood transfixed by her beauty and as usual lust and the desire for her blood overwhelmed me.

Her shoulder length blond hair was pinned up revealing her neck. For obvious reasons necks always got my attention. A few strands of her hair fell across her face and I imagined pushing them gently back into place before kissing her and biting her. 

Her purple dress was plain, sleeveless and just above the knee in length. A black bra strap slightly poked out of her right shoulder. Her black-heeled shoes set off the outfit perfectly. Her earrings were silver and dangly and her only jewellery apart from wedding and engagement rings.

Since that first time I have watched her everyday in and around her office. Each time wanting her more and more. Enjoying my building desire for her. After that first dream I decided to play a little game with her and really take my time. This would be more of a seduction than one off hunt. There is no reason to rush, time is all you have when you are a vampire. My knowledge bank on her was building as I learnt more about her working hours which were long and her movements.

I also had become convinced the Comet would work as my new home. The hotel offered easy pickings either inside or locally. It was straightforward to find a quick snack or if I preferred a long fuck and feed. So taking a little time off from my stalking I managed to secure my little penthouse as my residence for a whole year.

The Comet team were very efficient so the paperwork and formalities took little time. They seemed a little confused I had no stuff to move in with but otherwise it was easy. The deposit was paid and the direct debit set up. Despite having already been there a few days the reception insisted on explained how the keys and facilities worked. Fortunately everything worked twenty-four hours a day. Perfect for a night owl.

It was delightful to find her dressing smart was no one off. In fact I fell in love with her style. Everyday she wore formal dresses for work and I looked forward to seeing each new outfit. She clearly loved short skirts as each dress showed off her shapely legs to perfection and an occasional hint of cleavage, often more than a hint. I was hooked. There were wondrous things I could do with those legs.

One late evening watching her as usual I realised how to take the next step. The following afternoon I phoned her from my room, managed to convince her secretary to put me through and using more than a little of my psychic persuasion managed to book a late meeting with her. 

When the time of the meeting arrived I was so excited and I sat waiting for her in the reception area. "Hi, I am Sarah," said my beautiful victim as she came out to meet me in the lobby. "I am the Operations Manager here," she continued. "I understand you believe you can help us out with a little supply problem we are having with our taps.

A suited and booted colleague hovered in the background. Today it was a pale blue dress, short sleeves and as ever short skirt length and blue shoes with a heel. 

"Sorry the meeting had to be at 7pm," I said, "its my only free time, thanks for staying late."

She smiled and said, "its not a problem."

For the first time I was able to gaze deeply into her blue eyes, reaching into her mind and making her both dismiss her colleagues and suggest we did the meeting in her office where we would be alone.

I did nothing to her during that first meeting other than make sure our minds were strongly connected. She showed me their brochures of baths and showers of all sizes. Explaining the types of taps and components they would need and the quantities. I of course knew nothing of what she was talking about, but when there was one picture of a particularly larges bath. I suggested it was big enough for two and put into her mind a picture of us sharing a bath full of bubbles. She blushed, stuttered and pushed her hair back before turning the page. This made her look prettier than ever.

At the end of the meeting a smiling Sarah shook my hand and I made a promise to come back with prices and details. A promise I would of course have to break but events would of moved on by then. I took the liberty of kissing her hand and again she blushed beautifully. I delayed leaving long enough to ensure she gave me her home address and a set of keys. She would of course later assume she had lost her keys and remember nothing of this exchange. I was both horny and hungry and I was about to wait any longer to move our relationship onto the next level.

As we walked out through reception together I silently reached out to her telling her, "One more thing Sarah. Do not let your husband make love to you tonight." She turned, looked at me confused, went to say something, shrugged and then shaking my hand again turned to walk back into the building. I smiled at how much her hand had been shaking. I least I would be spared dreaming of her and her husband screwing.

Her apartment was nice. Her sense of style extended to the way she decorated her home. It was minimalistic, but smart. Modern colours adorned the walls, with the kind of furniture Ikea specialised in dotted all around. Blinds rather than curtains covered each window. A modest sized Bluetooth speaker sat on a shelf with a small range of books and DVD's alongside. Photographs of them on holiday smiling and tanned. Photographs of other people too, parents and maybe nephews and nieces I guessed. A large television seemed to be the only excess but that was maybe an indulgence of her husbands. Hope you like it I thought, it will be your source of comfort as I take your wife from you.

She lay in bed. A duvet across her stomach. It was a warm night and so she was wearing a thin white nightdress. It had very narrow white straps across her shoulders and a decorative lacy pattern across her chest. The neckline was perfect allowing just the right hint of her beautiful breasts.

Her husband beside her slept soundly. His slow methodical breathing was loud in my ears, but to humans he would have been almost silent. I made sure he was not going to awake and spoil my feast by sending him into an even deeper sleep.

She turned over now, sleeping on her side, a larger part of her left breast on view as rolling over made her nightdress ride up. I had only seen her in work attire so this vision was captivating and helped my excitement build to a crescendo. I was now so close to finally having her.

She began to stir in her sleep as I reached out to her. "Sarah. Sarah, you will awake now. Sarah," I ordered.

She rolled over onto her back still fighting me as she struggled not to awake. Her left hand pulled the duvet away revealing more of her body. She was breathing deeply now as she continued to resist my call. I stood still admiring her breasts as they slowly rose and fell while waiting for her to awake. Finally her eyes flickered open.

Slowly focussing and blinking rapidly she took in her surroundings with the slightly confused air of someone unsure as to why they had awoken. Realising there was someone in her bedroom her head turned sharply towards me.

I smiled and said quietly. "Hello Sarah." 

"You, how did, what, oh god no" she said lifting up her head looking confused and then frightened before she began trying to shake her husband awake.

"David, wake up David." she called as she shook him hard. David under my control continued to just lay their lifeless. I watched her struggling and begging her David to help her.

"He will not awake Sarah," I eventually commented.

This was enough to turn her attention away from her husband and back to me. She initially rested on her hands leaning forward towards me. Staring as though believing I could not really be there. I smiled as she crossed her hands across her breasts. Shaking her head and saying no she lay back down again. I slowly walked to the bed. She lay very still arms still crossed over her chest. I gently sat on the bed smiling. I looked her up and down.

My fingers stroked her cheek and then I ran my finger gently across her lips tracing their outline with my fingers. She pressed her face against my touch and I was reminded of how wonderful the Countess's touch had been in the field at home. Gosh that felt like so long ago.

She continued to shake her head but she lay otherwise quite still.

"Shhhh my darling," I said. "You are mine now. My nourishment, and soon my lover too. This life of yours," and I waved my arms airily around, "and that," I said pointing at her husband, "will be nothing to you."

She continued to shake her head and say no, but she did nothing to impede what I was about to do.

I gently placed my hand on her neck. My left hand then took a firm grip on the top of her nightdress. Grabbing it now with both hands I ripped it opened as she threw her head back onto the pillow. Pulling the nightdress apart I kissed her stomach just below her breasts. She arched her back, writhing on the bed and pushing my head into her body. I kissed her over and over. My left hand caressing her right breast whilst I took the left one deep into my mouth.

I lifted myself off of her and allowed my left hand to rub across her left breast and down her body. Pulling the duvet completely off her I completed ripping her nightdress apart revealing her nicely trimmed bush and shapely legs. My hand rubbed across her bush and then up her body. Again she arched her back so my hand was pushed hard against her body. Now both my hands squeezed her breasts hard before kissing her them and I slowly rubbed a finger across her nipples.
