 It's been a few, guys, but it's here, chapter 6! Real life has gotten to butting it's ugly head in the way, but I should get 7 finished pretty soon. As always, comments, reviews, and critiques are always appreciated. Pop a comment in the box below, or send me an email!

Chapter 6

Parker stirred, opening his eyes. He took in his surroundings. He was in a large bed, with the sheets strewn about. "Aw, fuck." He murmured.

The night rushed back to him. Of going to the bar, Alyse. He shot out of the bed, looking around. He was naked, and the cold air of the house made him grab one of the sheets. He rummaged around, and found his pants. He put them back on, and checked his pistol. 

He heard a crackle come from outside of the room, and the smell of cooking meat floated into his senses. It was so vivid, incredibly sensational. It wasn't that the food smelled better, but it was the most intense scent he'd ever smelled. 

Parker exited the bedroom, letting his nose lead him through the cabin towards the kitchen. 

Alyse was already there A black robe was tied around her waist, with occasional peaks of ivory cleavage. Her chestnut hair was loose, and she cast a beautiful little vision as she looked back over her shoulder.

"Parker." Her voice was soft, almost lazy in its manner. "Did you sleep well?" 

When she spoke, tingles rolled along his body, centering in his thumb and neck. Memories of what had happened last night rushed back to him, and he shuddered. "You...you bit me." He said.

"You seemed to enjoy it." 

"How do you have the nerve?" He reached up to his neck. To Parker's surprise, he couldn't feel any wounds. "What are you?" Parker asked, confusion in his voice.

She moved the pan off of the burner, and chuckled. "I would think that would be readily evident, Parker. I'm a vampire."

Parker drew his pistol, chambering a round faster than he could think. It wasn't a matter of different actions. A single fluid motion had him ready. "Bullshit. You're going to tell me exactly what's going on, Alyse. No fucking around."

"What do you call last night?" A laugh slipped from her perfect pink lips. "But in all seriousness, Parker, put the pistol down. You saw what happened to Fisher last night. I will not harm you in any way, but I would prefer to not to have to restrain you." 

Parker flicked the safety on the pistol, and then set it down on the small table. "Fine. I'll play nice if you will."

"Excellent. How do you take your coffee?"

"That's it." Parker remarked. "Coffee?"

"Your clothes smell like coffee. I don't think you're a tea drinker."

Parker rolled his eyes. "Uh, black. I think I need to sit down..." 

She nodded. "Indeed. Parker, I suppose I have some explaining to do..."

"No shit." He said, and watched as she flinched. "I'm sorry, but this is a bit of an info OD here."

"Understandable." She walked over to the kitchen table, carrying a plate and a mug that had the words "Mornings Can Die" on it. She set it on the table for him. "You'll have to forgive my cooking. I'm not that good with an oven."

"I'm guessing 'vampires' don't need to eat." He formed air quotes with his fingers around the name of the mythical creature.

"We eat, but my butler usually cooks." She sighed, rolling her eyes. "You're not the most agreeable person."

"For a woman walking out of my dreams, you're a bit crazier than I expected. There's no such thing as vampires." 

Alyse groaned, and walked back to grab a plate for herself. "I drink blood. I have fangs expressly for the purpose of piercing flesh."

"It's ten in the morning. You should be a pile of ash on the tiles."

"Oh, that's grand." Alyse laughed as she sat down at the table. "Old wives' tales, Parker. We are somewhat sensitive to sunlight, yes, but I just need to put on sunblock sometimes."

"A stake to the heart?" Parker asked.

"My, you are full of questions." She remarked. Parker thought about the way she spoke. It was antiquated, much like a movie star from the thirties or forties. The detective and the vamp, a part of him mused on the double meaning of the latter word, if what she was saying was true.

"So? If you're a vampire, will a stake kill you?" Parker asked after a minute.

"Let's save some questions for another time, Parker." She gave him a little smile, and took a bite of her bacon. 

Parker finished his breakfast in quiet thought. He started to wonder, just to himself. If Alyse really was a vampire, what did that mean? Eric Standwell had been bled dry. What if she was the murderer? Had he really just slept with the woman who was his best prime suspect?

"So," Parker broke the silence after he was done with breakfast. "Are there others like you?" He asked.

She nodded. "There are about twenty of us in town. I'm the oldest of our kind here."

Parker hadn't even considered how that might work. "So, you're immortal?"

"For most intents and purposes. I'm eight hundred years old."

"Oh, uh, wow." Parker said. "So I'm guessing you weren't born here."

She laughed a little. "No, certainly not. I was born in a village in southern France, and moved to America in the early ninteenth century."

"So how long have you lived in Colorado?"

"About ten years." She said. "It was...odd in how I came here."

"Odd, how?"

She sighed, as if not wanting to go into the subject. However, she relented. "Vampires use a very complicated political system. Each vampire tracks their lineage through who sired them, and their position in society."

"Okay, so you guys are eugenecists?" Parker asked.

That brought a laugh to Alyse's lips. "That's a ten dollar word for you."

"Too much Star Trek." He said. 

"Well, in any event, yes. We also inherit titles from our sires. I inherited Cold River as my land. Or, at least, rulership over its vampire populace."

"So that makes you a...what?"

"A queen vampire, but only of this nest."

"Oh, wow." Parker murmured. That was pretty crazy. "Alyse, I, uh, have an odd question..."

"Certainly, Parker. Go right ahead." She said.

"Do vampires ever kill their prey?"

Alyse seemed to not move at all, frozen on the spot. "None of my vampires kill." She said, her voice a harsh whisper. "I don't stand for it."

Parker relaxed back into his chair. Maybe it wasn't the answer he was looking for, but at least she didn't freak. He'd half expected that, to be honest. He could try pushing the issue later. 

"So, what now?" Parker asked.

"I beg your pardon?" Alyse quirked a brow at him. 

Parker sighed. "Well, you're probably wanted for assaulting an officer, you kidnapped me, and I still have a murderer to catch."

"Well," Alyse shrugged. "To be honest, I wasn't thinking this far ahead." 

"Oh, that's just great to know." He remarked.

"Your sarcasm is appreciated, but not helpful." Alyse replied. "This is... Well, it's rather unlike how I usually work."

"And how do you usually work?"

"I plan things out!" She said. "It's not exactly like I planned for you to be at my bar last night and be there all, all..."

"All what?" Parker asked.

Without any warning, Alyse leaned across the table and soundly kissed him. 

Her lips were soft and pliant, eager for whatever he had to offer. As he thrust his tongue into her mouth to return the kiss, a moan bubbled from her throat. Fire shot across his body, her simple kiss sending him into over drive. All those feelings centered in an ache in his groin. 

He stiffened for her as if on command. Parker wanted nothing more than to take her down to the floor and mount her like a wild beast.

But before he could act on it, she pulled away, leaving him only with the scent of wild flowers to linger. "That is what I'm talking about." She said. "There is something...different about you, Parker."

"Different?" He asked. "I'm just a cop for the state investigators."

She shook her head. "I...I don't know how. But when I look at you, I feel different. Different than I ever have with a lover." She said. "Could you stay for a bit? I have someone I'd like to call. See if he can shed some light on the situation."

"Uh, yea, sure." He nodded. 

"Excellent. Damon will be able to offer something..."

"Wait, Doctor Christie? That guy's a vampire too?" Suddenly, to Parker, the world seemed a bit upside-down. Vampires were real? What was next, werewolves too?

***

Sheriff Amber Kelly walked into Rhett's, surveying the situation. She had just gotten off the phone. What the hell had Fisher been thinking, taking Parker into Rhett's. She wanted to keep him away from Alyse, not push him right into her hands.

Fisher was sitting on a barstool, an ice pack on his head. "Hey, boss," He said.

Kelly felt her entire body tense. "She did this to you?" Her voice was sharp, almost a growl now. She wasn't a Mama Wolf for nothing. 

"Yea, clocked me real good. Alyse moves faster than most vampires."

"She's older and more powerful than most vampires." Kelly growled. "She took Parker, I take it?"

He nodded. "Don't know how, but I can't smell her or anything."

"She didn't leave a scent?" Kelly felt herself bristle a little at that. Alyse must have been planning something. But what, and for how long?

"She took Parker, boss. I'm sorry." Fisher winced as he twisted his head to look up to her. 

She placed a hand on Fisher's shoulders. "We'll get 'em, Rick. Parker's in over his head, but we'll get him out." It didn't make much sense for Kelly. Parker wasn't one of her pack, and neither was he even a werewolf. But she felt, inside her gut, a distinct need to protect him. But the man was human, not even a bit Arcane. 

It was confusing, to say the least. But Kelly couldn't help but wonder why the hell she felt this way. "We need to find Alyse, Rick. Go home, get some sleep, and we'll try to find anything we can."

"What about you?" He asked. 

"I'm going to go crack some skulls. A vampire can't exactly claim police brutality."

Kelly had been careful not to break anything. That had taken active attempts to avoid, as she was in Damon Christie's lab. She'd hate to destroy whatever it was the vampire was working on. The floor, however, had a new occupant. Kelly had her foot on the vampire's chest, the work boot planted firmly down 

"How the fuck a pint-size like you ever got to be sheriff is beyond me." Damon spat at her.

"It's quite simple." She grinned. "When your pack consists of ten percent of the population of the town, it's easy to swing votes." She took her foot of Damon's chest, and knelt down next to him. "Let's talk, vampire."

"About what?" Damon grunted as he sat up. 

Kelly took a seat on one of the lab stools. "Alyse. She kidnapped a state agent earlier this evening."

"McLaren?" He shook his head. "No, no...that's not right. Why would she do that?"

"I have no clue. But she seemed fixated on him. I didn't know he would be going to Rhett's tonight, and when he was there he met Alyse. She's disappeared with him."

"No, no." He shook his head. "This is all insane."

"Tell me something I don't know." She scoffed. "Why is she so interested in Parker?"

"I wish I could tell you why. She..." He looked down at the floor. "No, that makes no sense..."

"What?"  

"She's been interested in some research I've been doing...in mixed-breeds." 

"Mixed-breeds?" She furrowed her brow. "That's insane. Vampires can't procreate."

"So far that we knew. But my research proves otherwise." He shrugged. "You weres have your mates, why can't we have them?"

Kelly shook her head. All weres supposedly had a mate, a human or were who was biologically and spiritually compatible. A lot of her pack had mates, but she had always thought it something to solely belong to weres.

"Is that why Alyse is so focused on Parker? She thinks he's her mate or something?"

Damon shrugged. "I don't know at this time If I had access to both Alyse and Agent McLaren, and could run tests..." At Kelly's glare, he added. "I'm sorry, Sheriff, but all I can offer is supposition right now. I have no hard data."

Kelly stood up. "If Alyse calls you, call me. Got it?"

"You're asking me to choose between the law and my loyalties as a vampire?"

"Put plainly?" Kelly nodded. "Yea. Trust me, I would have no problem staking you." 

Kelly turned and walked out of the lab. Kelly started to review everything. Parker was Alyse's mate? Maybe he wasn't entirely human after all.

--

Well, here we go! The aftermath. I'd like to thank Heather, the evil editor who is in all respects actually awesome.