 Hi readers! This is my fourth go at this vampire story, thank you for earlier comments, please leave me some comments good or bad and I will try to learn from them all. Thank you 

Another daymare




The girl knelt by the door crying. She was young, maybe 20, with long, straggly hair. She wore a jacket and a tee shirt with brown corduroy trousers. Someone had tied her hands. It looked like she had been crying for a long time.

I stirred in my dream watching myself moving quickly towards her. I could still sense my utter confusion. I had just become a vampire, although I did not realise it. The world seemed changed. Everything was so loud, so full of fragrance and inside I felt so angry, although I did not know why. Blood and lust for the girl in my room was overwhelming. Confused, but very driven I didn't think, I just acted.

She was aware of me now and turned in her terror towards me, still slumped against the door.

"What do you want? Leave me alone!" She wailed.

I smiled and then shocked myself by growling at her. This animalistic noise had come from me, but I did not know where from.

Seeking to control myself I gently rubbed my hand against the side of her face. At first she turned away trying to avoid my touch and then she seemed to calm a little and let me caress her cheek. I looked her up and down as my finger traced across her lips.

"No, please," she said shaking her head.

She began to struggle, but I forced her tied hands above her head. I nearly ripped her arms out of her sockets not being used to my new vampire strength. In the end I used just my left hand to hold her hands out of the way. My right hand tore her tee shirt apart. She wore no bra so I was able to admire her small breasts. She screamed as I reached down and sucked first on one nipple then the other. Using my right hand I grabbed her hair to hold her still.

Kissing her tummy I undid her belt and trousers and then yanking her onto her back I pulled her trousers and knickers down. Using my arms to lift her legs I briefly licked between her legs before stripping all her clothes off. She lay naked on the ground beneath me. She was panting and gasping as she struggled to control her breathing.

Slipping my own trousers and boxers off I pushed my cock into her tight pussy.

She moaned, raising her legs so they were either side of mine, her heels bumping into my ass as I began to fuck her. She moaned each time I thrust into her. My hand grabbed her neck and forced her head to one side. I bit into her neck.

In my dream I felt again the sudden shock of "what am I doing" but I continued loving both the taste of her blood and the way I was screwing her. We lay together, me fucking her and draining her blood as she lay struggling on the ground. I awoke with a start, sitting bolt upright before flopping back down again.

Thankfully I was actually safe in my hotel room. I remembered what the Countess had said. A vampire to be born has both to die, and to kill. I didn't know what I was doing but I killed that girl and so became a true vampire. Sadly what I also knew was the desire to kill was always there, a deep-seated rage waiting to burst out. Yes, I had killed another girl and Sarah's husband. To be honest I liked it, but am trying not do it again. On the other hand I am top of food chain now. Humans are my prey, do they let the cow or sheep survive out of guilt. No they don't. So I guess there are no guarantees and eventually I will get carried away or someone will be in the way of what I want. I'm a vampire and killing is now part of my DNA.

An interesting encounter

My early evening ritual when Sarah wasn't able to join me was to take a mineral water in the café at The Comet. This allowed me to watch the world go by before planning what to do with my night.

The Café's was out front so you could see people walking past the building, the whole of the reception area and the main entrance. The soft chairs offered a pleasant way to while away an hour looking for a likely snack or to watch someone of interest checking-in. It was normally busy at this time, so I was able to watch, without anyone taking too much interest in me.

It was a few weeks after Sarah's husband had jumped from the top of their building and so she was still busy with the aftermath. So I restricted myself to occasional late night visits, sneaking into her apartment so we could make love. It had been important to keep our relationship low-key so as to avoid unwanted interest. No one had expected David to jump, lest of all David I thought smiling, so there were a few suspicions.

When chilling at the café with a mineral water. Water was the only thing I could tolerate apart from blood. Marco, one of the concierges, would come over for a chat. It was nice catching up about normal things. The weather, football and other things men discuss. He was a nice guy, easy to talk to, and someone I could learn more about The Comet from.

As we were discussing his favourite soccer team, Manchester United, I noticed an elderly couple followed by a young lady walk into reception. David also noticed this new arrival and with a quick apology rushed off to greet them leaving me alone again. I watched interested as he fawned over them, arranged porters to carry bags and a member of the reception team to get a lift.

The girl seemed to hang back as this all happened. She wasn't someone who particularly interested me but with nothing else to do I checked her out. It wasn't that she was unattractive I could just afford to be very choosy. The girl had short reddish brown hair with a pair of black-rimmed glasses. She wore a brown coat, it was unbuttoned, showing off a pink and black patterned summer dress with a flared skirt. Around her neck was a delicate necklace with a small diamond. She had bare legs and black flat shoes. The dress was low cut at the front allowing a good view of her large breasts. As I watched she removed her coat and pulled a flesh coloured bra strap back under the shoulder of her dress. We exchanged a brief look and then she looked back at me over her shoulder as she headed for the lift. Her hand straying to her neck as she turned away.

Marco was now alone again so abandoning my drink I walked over to him.

"Friends of yours Marco? I asked.

"Oh that was Mr and Mrs Garrod, they own the hotel," he replied. "Actually they stay in the penthouse next to yours, but they are often out of town."

"And the girl?" I queried.

"Girl? Oh you mean Birgit," he continued. "She works for them. A bit like a PA I think. She's lovely, very chatty."

"Does she stay here too?" I queried.

"Hmmmmm no I don't think she has ever stayed." He answered looking thoughtful. "I guess she goes home."

So I returned to my café, ordered another mineral water and began what I hoped would not be too long a wait. It was horrible to drink water, but it provided cover and a reason to be in the café. Eventually after an hour and a half Birgit reappeared coat on, waving to Marco as she headed out the door. Marco gave me a hard stare as I abandoned my second mineral water of the day and walked quickly after her.

Letting her get to the point where she would cross an alleyway a little bit down the road from The Comet I called her name.

"Birgit, wait up." I called. She heard me immediately as I knew she would. Birgit turned around looking at me confused.

"Surely you remember me?" I said trying to look affronted.

"No, no, I'm sorry, I don't think so," she replied. "Oh wait you were in the café in the hotel. Sorry have we met somewhere else?"

I had been staring into her eyes the whole time. Her glasses making her eyes seem unnaturally large but I could feel they were no barriers to me taking control of her.

"Come with me," I said and grabbing her hand I walked her down the alleyway. 

"Where are we going?" She asked anxiously, but after an initial reluctance she allowed herself to be led down the alley by what was a complete stranger. My mind worked overtime on hers ensuring she co-operated.

When we are out of sight of the main road, I stood in front of her and slowly undid the buttons of her coat. She stood still, hands at her side as I took it off her, and placed it on the dustbins nearby. 

"What are you doing, no, its too cold," she complained, but she let me do it anyway.

Holding her face gently with my left hand I kissed her. She hesitated at first then kissed me back. I kissed her across her cheek and down her neck whilst unzipping her dress at the back.

As I went to pull her dress straps off her shoulder she began to shake her head.

"No please don't," she said and crossed her arms across the front of her chest.

However, when I pulled her hands away she offered no resistance. I lowered my head to kiss her breasts whilst I removed the top half of her dress. Using my hands I lifted her breasts to a more comfortable height, to kiss them and to bury my head between. I loved the sensation of the soft supple flesh against my lips and feeling her hardening nipples through the material of her bra. Using her right hand she pushed my head into them.

I smiled partly because I was enjoying her breasts but mainly because I had noticed the wedding band on her finger. Fucking married women was becoming a habit I thought.

Using my hand I pulled her necklace off, the thin chain breaking easily and placed it carefully beside her coat.

Moving quickly I used my hands to undo the belt, button and fly of my trousers, pulling my trousers and boxer shorts down. Kicking a shoe off I managed to get one leg free. There is no elegant way to speedily undress is there? I continued to kiss her breasts and neck and guided her hand down to stroke my cock. After some guidance from me she enthusiastically took over running her hand up and down my shaft.

I lifted my head to look deeply into her eyes briefly allowing myself to enjoy her stroking me. I took her hand in mine and made her do it a little faster and I kissed her one more time. My hands reached up under her skirt and ripped her knickers off. She gasped at this and gasped again as I lifted her skirt and picked her up. Lifting her to waist height I guided my cock into her. She put her arms around my neck and her legs around my ass. 

I slowly rocked her up and down, putting my arms under her legs to get a better grip and to allow me to lift her higher. She put both hands behind my head staring deep into my eyes and slowly kissed me. Scared of slipping she grabbed my neck, paused a moment and continued to kiss me some more. As she bounced and kissed me I could feel her breasts against my chest. Pausing from kissing, she mouth open, began to gasp with pleasure. Putting her head to the side she pushed me into her neck.

"Oh god yes," she moaned. "Fuck me." As she pulled hard at my hair and dug her nails into my neck

I fucked her as hard as I could. Her groans becoming screams as I bounced her up and down at a faster and faster rate. One of her shoes fell off and a breast fell out of her bra as we continued going at it. I stopped fucking her briefly to take off her glasses before they fell off and then continued.

"Oh yes," she continued to moan over and over.

I pulled her head back so I could suck on her bare nipple. Reaching her orgasm she screamed out. As she came I lifted my head from her breast to her neck and bit into her. My mouth quickly filled with her blood, as ever it tasted delicious. Once I had taken my usual drink I lowered her down onto the concrete. She lay on her back, her breath coming in rapid pants. Smiling I lifted her legs, pushing them onto my shoulders as I knelt on the ground. I slipped my cock inside her again and banged her until I also came.

Kissing her one more time I lifted her off the ground and pulled her to her feet. I dressed myself, dusted myself off and then helped her clean herself up, zipping her dress up and putting her shoe back on. Finding her glasses she put them back on. I spotted the remains of her knickers on the ground. Placing my foot under them I hooked them into the air, caught them, and threw them into the nearby bin. 

I watched as she put her coat back on and popped the necklace into her pocket. Birgit moved to stand in from of me and grabbing my arm she said, "will I see you again?" and after establishing her working times I arranged for her to come and see me an hour before she would start work with the Garrods.

"Now you should probably go home to your husband," I told her.

"Oh god my husband," she groaned, "I have never......." But I had begun to walk away so I never heard what she had "never". I knew what was in her head though. Of course she had never been unfaithful to her husband before but then she hadn't met me till now. Whatever guilt she felt, she had liked being taken in a dirty smelly alleyway. I knew that much at least.

Time for a new plan

Sarah arrived at my room a short while before Birgit was due to arrive. It was true to say I was very excited to see her. However, since Marco told me about the Garrods I had been more excited by my idea of taking over The Comet. The question was how and the reason I had taken Birgit was to find out if there was a way.

Sarah as ever was looking stunning. Her purple dress was a satin material with a strap across her right shoulder but the major turn-on especially for a vampire was that her left shoulder was strapless and so bare. On her neck I could just see a couple of marks where I had tasted her blood. The skirt length as ever was above the knee. I had long since banned her from tights. Her shoes this time were animal skin with the usual heel to set off her incredible legs.

Although she seemed tense she smiled at me. I knew she could sense my desire to fuck her and of course she would make love with me if I asked her too. However, I forced myself to settle for a long kiss. I promised to take her to bed soon and we ended up chatting about how things were going on the home front. Her husband's parents were still worried about why their dear son had jumped that day. They were trying to create interest in an investigation into what happened. So the police had been to visit, a woman police officer had been particularly insistent apparently, wanting to go over and over what Sarah knew. It seemed though there was only confusion, no hard facts that anything untoward had happened. Despite all my strength and power I found that a relief.

Exactly on time the doorbell rang and Sarah went to answer it. Moving to the sofa I sat down. I heard Birgit's voice the second the door was open.

"Oh, is he here?" she said sounding disappointed; she obviously had just pushed past Sarah without waiting for an answer as she appeared in the room almost immediately after she had spoken. 

"Darling," she said as soon as she saw me and rushed over to kiss me. After a couple of long lingering kisses she stopped as though realising what just happened.

In the meantime and as arranged Sarah had made herself scare so Birgit saw no one as she scanned the room.

Finally Birgit asked suspiciously, "Who answered the door?"

"That's not important," I told her. 

She went to kiss me again. I pushed her away. She looked as though I had slapped her.

"Now what I want is you to tell me everything you know about the Garrods." I said commandingly.

"The Garrod's?" She replied obviously surprised at the question. "What do you want to know about them for?"

"Never mind, just tell me everything you know," I said.

What followed was a struggle as Birgit wanted to kiss, cuddle and to fuck again, but I needed her to talk. So it took a long time to get her to tell me everything she knew but eventually we got there. Much to her disgust I then kicked her out telling her I would call her when I needed her.

The vision of Sarah in her purple, one shoulder bare dress was constantly drifting into my mind. I was supposed to be the master and Sarah the slave, but she had a strong effect on me especially when she wore those amazing outfits. Her legs were to die for and they stirred me very intensely when I saw them poking out of a dress, tanned and bare, begging me to touch them and kiss them. The police interest meant it wasn't wise to go too early to see her, so telling myself to be patient I waited. I ended up aimlessly wandering around the apartment, drifting from watching the world go by or reading or turning the TV on. From the window I could see the people outside continued to rush by, well except a red haired girl on the phone.

It was the early hours of the morning when I finally let myself into Sarah's apartment, finding her asleep in bed naked.

"Master," she said as she awoke smiling. "I didn't think you were coming so I undressed and feel asleep. Sorry, forgive me."

I smiled, "I was hoping to get to undress you, but I guess naked will have to do."

Grinning back she replied, "you liked my little purple number then, I thought a bare shoulder would get your attention. Come and take me." As she spoke she open her arms to me. The bed sheet fell away revealing her breasts.

She knelt up in bed and I noticed she had put her hair into a ponytail. Quickly I stripped off my clothes kneeling on the bed in front of her. Her arms wrapping around my neck as I kissed her. She immediately kissed the top of my chest and down my tummy before licking back up to my neck in an upward motion. At the same time her hand lightly stroked my cock. Neither of us could stop our hands from running over the others body as we kissed and kissed. I took her left breast and then the right one into my mouth sucking and kissing it.

I gently pushed her onto her back and pushing her legs into the air I knelt down and began to lick on her pussy. Gasping she wrapped her hands around her legs to help pull them back. I licked and licked as she quivered with the intensity of the sensations my tongue was giving her. She pulled hard on my hair and begged me to carry on just like that. In long slow sweeps I licked up and down her slit. She began to chew on her fingers and groan.

Standing up I told her to kneel before me, which she immediately did and she began to suck on my cock, making circular motions with her hand on my shaft as she sucked. Grabbing hold of her pony tail I held her head in place as I face-fucked her making her gasp as my cock moved rapidly in and out of her mouth.

Moving her onto all fours I entered her from behind. Placing both hands on her waist I fucked her hard from behind.

"Fuck, yes," she began to cry as I continued to fuck her hard.

Her arms reached forward giving her more support as I gripped her waist even harder. Her breasts wobbled delightfully with the motion. As she had her second orgasm her head fell briefly onto the sofa before she pulled herself back up, resting first on her forearms and then her body came up higher as she straightened her arms.

I paused, and then very slowly moved my cock inside her, reaching down between her legs to stroke her clitterous. Kneeling back into me she used her hand with mine to stroke it too. Her breaths coming in gasps, until she came again. Finally she collapsed, lying completely flat on the sofa. I fucked her as hard as I could until I exploded inside her with a gasp.

We lay together, my head resting on her chest. The sound of her heart vibrating through my head but I didn't mind, the afterglow was wonderful.

"God I miss you master when we are apart," she said and lying back onto the pillow she lifted my head and pushed it into her neck. I bit her, taking a short delicious drink of her blood.

Later both dressed in gowns I began to tell her what I had learnt.

The Garrod's it seemed were the sole owners of The Comet. The hotel founded by Mr Garrod's grandfather. Naturally they were very rich as the hotel had always been very successful. They had few other business interests apart from a resort hotel in Turkey, which they had owned for a couple of years.
