 "Where are you? I'll find you bitch!" his snarling voice echoed through the decayed domicile. "I know every crack and corner of this house. You can't hide for long."

Alice had woken in a rotten bed within a mold-encrusted bedroom, not understanding how she had arrived. Four wooden beams jutted up from the corners of the bed, each one as termite ridden as the last. A fixtures that looked like it could have once been a fireplace peered at her with gaped maw malevolence. Sheets squirmed underneath her body causing her to fall off the bed in fright. 

Laying on the floor, she had first heard the voice from below. A deep gravelly man's voice, booming out influencing weak walls to shake. "Welcome to hell!" That was all, nothing more. For several minutes there was silence until footsteps pounded ominously across wood flooring. 

Remember, Alice thought, remember. How the fuck did you get here? Her mind drifted back to the library, the largest in the state. Wandering through hallways of knowledge always seemed to calm her mind. The last several weeks had been extraordinarily painful for her and because of that she had decided to go to the only place that could consistently calm her mind. 

Among authors old and new, famous and infamous, she found a calm surrender to nothingness. Randomly picking books, reading a few random pages before placing them back upon the shelves. Every once in a while one strange forgotten text sparked her interest. Whisking it back home to sooth her mind, she would devour the text with her face planted squarely in it. 

It wasn't her looks that made her feel the pull of the house of books. Although she did have somewhat of a librarian aspect to her appearance and style of clothing. Dark brunette hair pulled back into a bun, glasses that curved ever so slightly around her face. No makeup at all, refusing to use it on grounds of feministic beliefs. Truth was she just didn't like the way it felt. Alice preferred earth toned button up blouses, sweaters, long skirts or black docker pants. Never had she felt the need to dress up and blend in with the ever-increasing wave of boring self-indulgent Paris Hilton wannabe's. Despite all her attempts at looking plain, she really was a very attractive girl and kept herself in shape. Enjoying the retreat to the apartment complexes workout room almost as much as her house of books. 

Alice was toned and shapely while striving for plain and forgotten. Mostly she wanted to be left on her own.

Wait, the light! The memory struck her in painful stride. That circling white light! Alice was referring to something that had happened to her in the midst of scouting through the non-fiction section, attempting to find a titillating biography of Poe. Shortly after running into and conversing with her friend Chris, he bad departed to separate section, then a brilliant white light had surrounded her. Air sucked from her lungs and her vision receding being replaced with white. It had caused her eyes to feel as if in a centrifugal force and her whole body tearing itself apart. Alice had blacked out and awoke here.

Inside the home that time forgot or didn't wish to remember.

Feeling there was lack of time to completely figure out what had occurred she leaped to her feet, looking around the room to find escape. Two windows, both covered with what looked like aluminum panes. Two doors, one that most likely led out into the hallway the other slightly ajar showing a bathroom. Nothing inside besides rotten chunks of black goo staining the toilet. The rank stench alone was enough to make her gag and back away quickly.

The footsteps were getting louder, closer. One in front of the other mounting what sounded like creaky stairs. He's big, got to find a place to hide or run to. Despite surroundings that could confuse or disorient a normal person, Alice was finding herself very adept at dealing with her strange environment and circumstances. Deal with it now, figure it out later. The mantra continued to repeat in her mind.

Alice waited for the right moment, trying to circumvent the worst, hearing the steps get closer to the door. He knew where she was. He knew exactly where to find her. Use it, grab a hold of it and use it. The flooring in front of the door creaked, sighed and a shadow slid underneath as he stopped, reaching out a hand to open it. 

At that moment Alice burst through the door, throwing it as forcefully as she could into her attackers face. Wind escaped his chest audibly giving Alice a bit of extra courage to continue her blind run down the hall in the other direction. Toppling to the floor the loud smack, he made shook the dwelling, flakes of paint detached and rained down onto the floor.

"You sneaky little bitch. I'm gonna make you suffer so much more for that!" slowly rising, no fear of his prize escaping from his grasp. Shudders sounded out as he regained his composure and slammed the door from its hinges, barely getting a peak at Alice's bare feet slipping from view around the corner.

It hadn't struck her til then that her clothing was barely fastened to her body. Somewhere along the way before she had woken her shoes had gone missing. The white blouse was torn up one side and down the other so that her bra could be easily seen beneath. Ripped straight down the side seam, and about a good foot shorter than before, her long dress had now become a skirt showing off her powerful long legs. Her hair was no longer in its normal bun but flailed around her head with each movement of her body. Finally, accepting into account these inconsistencies, Alice rode the sentiment once again for all it was worth. Deal with it now, figure it out later.

Knowing full well she was attempting to stay alive was of great help to her. Now, having turned the corner barely getting away from the giant man following her, screaming out at her, the scenery in the house began to flux in appearance. Changes were becoming more and more predominant; instead of rotting walls lavishly designed and painstakingly clean areas were seen to almost seep into moldy spots. Shortly afterwards the moldy sections would return causing Alice to lose a small grip of spatial understanding. Sections were melding and shifting back and forth from the dank infection that was obviously from the man following her to the serene beauty of a Victorian home. Which one was real and which one was false was not a question easily answered. 

Several doors lined the hall and she picked one at random bursting into a scene of torture. In front of her was the corpse of another woman, and that was only barely recognizable. Half the skin from the body had been removed, cleaved from the meat. No precision knife marks lay about the grisly scene. Alice's resolve had not been broken by this discovery, but it wavered for just enough time to test her nerves. She did not register the lumbering behemoth yelling out that he would find her. Seeing the corpse in front of her etched upon her mind a lasting impression. Quick sharp glances across the body told her everything she needed to know about the beast attempting to catch her.

Very large bite marks covered the body. Muscle and sinew were dangling from exposed areas. Skin had not been torn off by hand but with teeth. The bellowing pursuer ate this woman. Looking at the dead lady's face calcified the terror in Alice's bloodstream. Pain, despair and loss of the utmost kind reverberated from the tortured visage. The woman had died of shock, blood had not pooled around the body beyond one area immediately behind the corpse. There Alice saw the hole shaped by the creature coming after her. An asshole gaped open, holding congealed blood within it as a chalice of the damned. The vaginal opening was gaped equally as bad and red with blood.

The sight was too much, her breath was lost and bile seeped up into her throat, Alice turned bolting towards the door only to run straight into a slab of solid muscle. As she fell back a gigantic hand grabbed a hold of the blouse and bra underneath, attempting to steady the nineteen-year-old girl. Instead, because of the previous lacerations across the clothing, it merely ripped apart and Alice fell onto her back hard. Already hurt, half naked with only a dead woman to witness, Alice was afraid she was going to die.

With her eyes closed she had as of yet not seen the man that had been following her. She opened them with a bit of strain as the dull ache of her fall receded. In front of her was a horrifying visage. She figured that the man following her would be large, but not this huge. Technically, although his pronounced erection showed similarities, it wasn't even a man. Large horns emerged from the forehead towering above the top of his bull head. Eyes of gold, missing the pupils, were shining brightly amid cold black sockets. His feet, which she had half expected to be hooves, were very large with immense thick nails. A word popped into her head from mythology, a Minotaur. Here, completely naked and ready to do to her what it had done to the corpse at her side. This was a beast that was not even supposed to exist.

"I told you I would catch you." The eyes of the Minotaur shifted looking over at the corpse on the table with its exposed ass propped upwards in the air, "I have been growing tired of her. She died a couple of days ago. Though she has stayed surprisingly warm." The beast looked back at Alice, crouched onto the floor, one arm covering up her nipples, "Thankfully, though, the gods have sent me you as a prize for my long time here in this...oh I don't think so."

Alice had leapt up from her spot on the floor, attempting to dart past the creature while he was talking. It hadn't worked. With great ease and swiftness the Minotaur that stood at seven feet in height (minus horns) grabbed a hold of her torso lifting her off the ground. His enormous right hand almost completely encircled her waist, pushing away her arm allowing her breasts to bounce freely. One finger from his left hand began flicking each of her tits, causing brief stabbing pain to run through her. Each bounce of her breasts caused the Minotaur to let out a low growl of delight.

"My, my...you certainly are spirited. That one over there had begged for her life, voluntarily bending over for me to impale her." Smiling his teeth were exposed showing pieces of flesh stuck in between them, "That wasn't as much fun as I hope you will be." 

Alice felt the massive tip of the beast's cock rubbing against the inside of her leg. She squirmed against the tough flesh but it merely seemed to excite him more. Only once had she had sex, finding it not as enjoyable as everyone told to her it would be. A cock with girth and length like this seemed impossible to accomodate. Looking over her shoulder she saw the corpse behind her and saw that it was possible, but the price was extremely high.

Immediately presented in her mind's eye was a solution to her grave predicament. Pulling her left leg as far back as she could, eliciting another slight moan from the giant as it rubbed against the cock, she plunged her foot deep into his large dangling testicles. The Minotaur's body went taut; his right hand let go as both hands went to cover his damaged sac. With only a moment to spare, Alice dashed through the door. Unfortunately though, the beast was still swifter than her. With a grace unusual to its huge mass, it grabbed a hold of her long dark hair. Pulling her taut and with a flick of the wrist throwing her through the hallway and into another room. Alice's back smashed through the rotted wood door, digging splinters into the exposed skin.

Tossed so forcefully through the now splintered door had raked up new pains throughout her body. Scrapes and cuts were beginning to bud small droplets of blood across her bared chest. Her legs, having not been completely covered by the skirt, had a few gashes and wounds on them as well. Trying to get back to her feet she saw the Minotaur was standing in the doorway again, limping a bit from the bold strike she had landed against his balls.

"You fucking bitch!" His mighty arm swung out and grabbed her torso again, flipping and shoving Alice onto her stomach. Ripping apart the flimsy skirt and underwear beneath gave him the display of her well-toned rear. With but one hand he splayed her legs apart just enough to plant his cock right at the entrance of her tight pussy. Trying to squirm didn't help, at this point his grasp was tight and getting away was a fevered dream that just wouldn't happen. 

Bending over her the beast spoke into her ear, slightly starting to edge the tip of his colossal cock into her pussy. "You will pay dearly for that attack." Pushing it inside her was problematic at best, with its dick being as large as it was and her cunt being so little used. Only enveloping half the tip Alice let out an ear-splitting scream as her pussy stretched to its limit. Laughter burst out of the monster, enjoying her continued squirms to resist, taking great pleasure from the pain inflicted on her.

It was enough to get his first gush of pre-cum to flow freely from the tip, shooting hard into her tight sheath. It was too much, Alice felt sick as his thick juice shot into her. When no more could be held, it poured out of her from around the edges of her tight pussy, oozing past the mere tip of his cock. It flooded all over her legs, coating her cunt and asshole as thick white cream covered her behind.

Lubricated better now, the Minotaur pushed the tip all the way in, sending another shot of his warm spunk into her belly, this time without an escape. A sigh escaped from his mouth as the warm wet juices and lips from her pussy squeezed tightly around his rampent cock. 

"Ohhhh, god, you're tighter than the last girl." The Minotaur jabbed harder into her until he couldn't physically go any further. Alice tried to scream, but the beast's cock had knocked the wind out of her, causing her to choke on nothingness. "That's bad news for you. You won't last long."

He began to pump his hips, pushing her entire body up and down in time with thrusts of his huge cock. Exposed breasts scratched against the decomposing wood floor, nipples stinging at needle-like shots of pain. His left hand held her against the floor while the right one tilted her head back, holding firmly onto her hair, ripping away stray strands. The cum had helped out. The whole thing didn't feel as bad as Alice had expected, but her pussy still felt ready to split apart with each piercing thrust. Dealing with the pain, she found a small fraction of solace in the fact that he had cum right away so the shredding of her pussy wasn't worse.

Surging up through the throbbing shaft inside her, Alice felt his second wave of cum and braced herself against the impact. Arching his back, the beast let go of her as he shot his hot load deep into her abused pussy. The power from his orgasm jolted her body and she pulled off of his squirting cock. The Minotaur continued pumping cum at her and she became soaked with his sticky goo. It squirmed; she felt it actually squirm along her body like a living thing. Small bits of it entered her mouth, tasting of rancid meat bringing about regurgitation of her breakfast.

"Oh, you are good. You're taking all of it well. I kind of wish you were fighting back harder, though." The Minotaur was on his knees, still towering above the crouched girl, right hand holding him in place, "I guess I just can't have everything."

Deal with it now, figure it out later. Fuck it, she thought to herself, he's bigger, stronger and faster than me. I'm completely exposed and he can do whatever he wants. Despair didn't brim in her, but instead calmness. I must stay alive. I may get fucked up, but as long as I breathe I can heal and survive.

Alice, using her reserve strength, took a giant leap at the monsters cock. Her naked body shivered as she flew through the air. The Minotaur was surprised by the continued vigor of the abused girl. Her arms wrapped around its enormous cock, her mouth suckling on the piss hole at the tip. Tasting even more of that vile rancid meat flavor from his cum, she didn't care. Desire to live; necessity to continue life functioned beyond that discomfort and repulsion.

"Wha...what are you doing?" the beast was confused. Girls had offered themselves but none had wrapped themselves around him, none had done it with such gusto.

Mouth removed, wiping the cum from her lips rubbing it into her tits, "I can't get away, I can't stop you, so I might as well enjoy the ride before I die." mixing truth in there to get him to believe. Alice had to do this, it was essential to survive. 

With her body enclosed around his cock, it separated her breasts apart. Cum had now lubricated her entire body and she was able to hump it with her entire torso. Her silky soft skin rubbed against his erection as dribbles of semen splashed onto the floor. Letting his guard down, enjoying a full body fuck, he laid back against the hard wood floor. Alice let her clit rub against the base of his cock, trying to enjoy but failing. Let him think you like it, let him think that his manhood makes your pussy squirm.

Alice let out a fake moan, just light, nothing like loud porn girls. His cock swelled further with new found excitement. She dragged her lips across it, striving to lavish it with saliva. Slick with spunk, her tits fucked it, her clit grinding against the shaft, his enjoyment becoming overabundance again. Never had he felt something as erotic and arousing as this. Alice's eyes darted about the room, surveying it as best as she could, trying to drink up the surroundings. Trying to find her next survival step as she swallowed the bitter cum gagging her deep inside.

There, against the wall, an axe. A rather large axe. No chance she could lift it, but it was the closest possibility to a chance. Timing this perfectly would be difficult, but possible. Moving, slinking up his body, twisting this way and that along his greased up abdomen, causing him to move it the exact right position. Straddling the top of his cock, separating her ass cheeks but never entering. Humping up and down along the shaft, clenching her muscled cheeks to grasp harder onto the sides.

"Oh, little bitch, you're gonna live just that much more." he meant it. Enjoying every moment as much as he could, feeling the rewarding softness of her gorgeous rear. Feeling the slickness of her pussy (which in truth was merely his own cum) rubbing against the top of his dick. Letting his guard down too much, but it was well worth it. Grabbing a hold of her sexy ass he moved her back end up and down the entire shaft, figuring he should enjoy the voluntary fuck before he shoved his prick into her ass, impaling her.

Rubbing her legs across it, wrapping them around his cock, stroking the massive thing with her thighs. In other circumstances it might have been possible to take pleasure in such a strange sensual encounter. Yet every time she attempted to enjoy it the taste of his thick spunk came back to haunt her. Pulsing of the shaft began separating her legs a bit, indicating that it wasn't long before he would cum once more. With his mighty hand thumping her whole body across his cock she tightened her thighs, speeding her own actions as much as she could. 

She slid back down his body, his hand letting go, wrapping her arms around the monstrous flesh, putting her face to the tip, sliding it between her tits, between her thighs. The Minotaur felt his orgasm coming strong, stronger than previously, it would be a flood. The eroticism of her ready to take the whole amount on her chest and face excited him doubly.

He bellowed and began to pump his powerful orgasm all over Alice's face and torse. She retreated away towards the far wall. Her eyes stung powerfully, hair dowsed in a cum shower, tits sliding together with creamy juice. Unable to open her eyes, she blindly reached to the right, feeling the steel handle of the mammoth axe. The cum hose just wouldn't stop drenching her body. No shower would ever make her feel unpolluted after this wretched day.
