 A difficult day

The men looked at each other nervously, their flatten noses, scars and physical bulk betrayed the fact they were former Special Forces. They never said whom for, but from their accent people would guess Eastern European. Generally at this point people cared more about the gun pointing at them than to inquire further. Used to working at night they hated the fact it was noon and were feeling very exposed in the daylight. The boss had said it had to be daytime and he was not someone even they argued with. Normally life for them now was dull; security work, keep the boss safe, but occasionally their more specialised skills were called upon.

The Ford they were driving slipped down the side of the convent building and into the quiet parking area that lay beside it. Pausing to look at each other, but not speaking, they both opened their car doors. It was hard to say if they were friends. There was definitely respect between them. They knew they had each other's backs, but perhaps friendship in their line of work would be a mistake. However, there was a shared telepathy from their training and the operations they had done, this made them a very efficient team.

Breaking in to the Convent was easy, especially as they already knew it was empty. The job had to be done now because the nuns were away for the day. Once in they had to think on their feet, to make a plan, but as they looked around they realised they were in luck. There was a gas supply, so that was easily the best way to do it. The building and everything in it was old and ill kept. There was lots of old furniture too, that would burn very well. They were in and out in no time, preparing the area and testing the charges as only professionals can. It would look like an accident.

A mile away from the village they finally relaxed, called the boss and told him the job was done. They were certain no one had seen them.

In the Comet it was now mid afternoon and I should have been enjoying my daytime rest, but I was awoken suddenly by the most unbelievable pain

It came completely out of the blue with no warning at all. I was absolutely crippled by it. It was excruciating. I think I thrashed about for a while, finding it unbearable, before passing out. 

Looking back the only thing I can compare it to, was when as a human, I hit my thumb with a hammer during some DIY. One minute I was bashing the last nail in and then wham the pain was so over whelming that I literally saw stars. You know like they do in cartoons? Ice, painkillers, screaming, nothing could stop the agony. I literally did not know what to do with myself!

As a human you have the comfort of knowing help is always near by, whether just for comfort or for medical issues. Of course with my thumb I did get help and eventually the pain became bearable. As a vampire when you are in trouble you are alone. What do you do? You can't call an ambulance.

Eventually I must of drifted back to sleep, but an unrelated thought kept appearing in my head. 

"It was not an accident."

When I finally woke up properly I was exhausted and unsure whether it had been a dream or real. Sarah was there, one of my brides always tried to be there at wake up time, making sure I had everything I needed for the night. Often we would make love before I went hunting, but I was too thrown by my "dream" for that. Again that message was there in my head. 

"It was not an accident." 

For now I parked that thought realising I was very hungry, in the back of my mind was the terror that the pain would return.

Pulling Sarah towards me I pushed her patterned black and white V-neck top off her left shoulder, pulling her bra strap with it. She eagerly co-operated loving the fact I was going to feed from her. I pushed her blond hair out of the way as I bit her. Her hand pushed my head into her neck, as she moaned in delight. I wanted to drain her, her blood tasting so good, but I forced myself to stop and instead told Sarah to find me someone else. This night I had no energy to hunt for myself. The joy of owning the hotel and having my Sarah running it for me, was victims were easy to find. Sarah kissed me on the forehead, told me to wait there and that she would sort it out.

A little later she returned with a lady who Sarah told me was a new receptionist. I shook hands with Sandy as she was called, my eyes locked on hers. She was quite stunning, Mediterranean looking with black hair and dark eyes. Sandy was about 5 and a half feet tall. I wanted her immediately and could tell my silent persuasion that she wanted me too, was working.

In my mind I ordered her to undress. Sandy face showed surprise, she nervously looked at Sarah before reluctantly stripping to a white bra, white knickers and white stockings. Stockings rarely did it for me, being a bare-leg man but these white holdups on her olive skin turned me on. So I made her leave them on and also told her to put her white shoes back on. 

My eyes took all of her beautiful body in, she was lovely, but my hunger was so overwhelming that I immediately grabbed her and bit her neck. This drink from her and the earlier one from Sarah would take the edge off my thirst. Sandy was such a turn on I wanted to screw her without my hunger getting in the way. 

Finally releasing her I sat on the sofa motioning for her to sit beside me. I felt some of my tiredness lifting. Sarah at this point finished tidying up Sandy's discarded clothes and quietly left us to it.

Sandy went to speak, but I put my finger to her lips and she fell silent.

Using my left hand I stroked her cheek and hair. She smiled at me and ran her hand down my chest. We kissed; quick short kisses at first, before longer and deeper. While we kissed she ran her hand over my chest and legs. My hands running through her soft silky hair.

I pulled her left bra strap off her shoulder, cupping her breast through the white lacy material before slowly pulling the cup away and running my hand across the hardening nipple. Holding the back of her neck I kissed her again. Her hand had now found my hardening cock and she was rubbing it through the material of my trousers. Her touch was amazing and my erection was already pushing against the restriction of my tight trousers. Her left hand reached up and gently pulled my hand away from her neck as she interlocked fingers with me. I reached down kissing and sucking on her breasts. I loved her dark olive skin.

She moved to lean back onto the sofa lifting her leg up and over me so I was between her thighs, as I turned sideways to pull her knickers off, tossing them onto the floor. Watching her intently I rubbed the flat of my hand across her pussy as she smiled back at me, her fingernails gently running up and across her breasts. She reached up and pulled my head down between her legs and using my tongue I slowly licked her clitterous as she guided my head with her hands. She began to moan. Moving back up her body I kissed her one more time.

Pushing me into position where we were both sitting up she continued to rub my cock through my trousers. She helped as I removed my shirt, her hand rubbing across my stomach before she held my face and kissed me. She ran her fingers down my whole body before resuming rubbing my erection, pausing; she undid my belt, button and fly. A smile across her face she ran her hand down into my trousers and pulled my cock out. Leaning over me she began to suck it, moving vigorously up and down. I rested my hand on her back as she gave me an amazing blowjob. I leant back lost in the pleasure of it. She paused briefly slowing rimming the tip with her tongue and giving me another wonderful smile.

I could wait no more I pushed her onto her front, removing her bra and entered her from behind. Supporting myself with one hand on the back of the sofa and one holding her waist I fucked her with long slow strokes.

She began to gasp. Wanting to enjoy her legs and feel her stockings I moved her onto her back and entered her again. Making her lift her legs into the air behind me. I fucked her faster and faster, using my waist to push in as hard as I could. Pausing occasionally to lift myself off her and run my hands up and down her legs. The stocking material was very erotic to the touch, her beautiful shapely legs helping to make the whole thing such a turn on. I especially loved the feeling of the tight muscles in the back of her thighs as I stroked them.

She began to moan, "yes baby. Yes baby." 

Pulling me back down she wrapped her arms around my back and held me tight. I licked and nuzzled her neck. She briefly dropped her left leg to the floor as I bit into her, harder than before. The shock of the bite made her gasp and lift her legs up again. I drank deeply as we both came. It had been a wonderful fuck and all the blood I had taken that night had made me feel more like my old self again. 

The words, "it was not an accident," appeared in my mind again.

We lay together for a while gently kissing and then stroking each other's body and holding hands. Turning her onto her back I took another long drink from her before Sarah arrived to help her dress and leave. Sarah had sensed I would drain this one more than usual so Sandy got to have the rest of the night off to recover.

Leaning back on the bed in the warm after glow of the fuck I was surprised to find Millie also coming to my room. Millie was now a Detective Inspector as with my help she had solved a good many cases. A telepathic master is a good thing for a policewoman to have. Today though she looked worried and so I sat up.

"I have some strange news," she said. "The convent in your old village has burnt down. Looks like a fault with the gas supply. There were the remains of three people found in the building. Nobody knows who the deceased are, as all the nuns were away. I fear it could be..."

At this point she stopped.

"You think it could have been The Countess, April and May," I said reading her mind. Both wives knew all about my turning and what had happened to me at the convent. The Countess had threatened me, but had not made any attempt since I fled to contact me, and had kept paying me the income she had promised. My feelings were pretty mixed as I considered the idea that she might be dead.

The words, "It was not an accident," came back into my mind, not to mention the pain and agony of the day before.

"Oh god," said both Millie and Sarah together, as they read what was going through my mind about my interrupted rest and the message.

"You think The Countess was calling you?" They asked. 

"I think," I began a hesitant reply, "its more like in this extreme moment I was connected to her mind. Yes that's how it feels. I could feel her agony and also her realisation someone had set the fire deliberately." Suddenly some things made sense and I began to get very angry. My vampiric rage that I fought to control rising inside me. Someone had caused me to suffer that horrendous pain and killed my vampire mother and sisters. 

"Someone was going to pay for this if it was not an accident." I announced. "We have work to do." I said solemnly to my brides.

Who did it?

The GP walked purposefully towards the car, got in and backed out of the parking bay. It was her, she was the nun's GP, having been briefly able to search her mind I was sure we had the right person. Now we needed to follow her, but also I needed to get out of the daylight. It was hurting. So as Millie drove off in our van I jumped from the front seat into the back allowing my burns to quickly heal, as they always did when I got out of the light.

It had taken us quite a long time to work out the Nun's GP must have been the one who gave away the fact that the convent would be empty that day. Millie had worked hard trying to investigate. There was no official investigation, it had been written off as an accident, and so she had worked on her own. Although I had helped her get promotion she really was a very good detective. I was so proud of her. She and I had focussed on the fact someone had known the nuns would be out that day. We worked slowly through various options; cleaners and postmen and others until finally their GP, "Rosie Round", had come into our sights.

It was becoming a frustrating evening. We had hoped to follow Rosie home and using Millie's police ID, get to talk to her at home, where I would search her mind. Unfortunately she had not gone home. She had come out of the surgery wearing a blue dress and this had given us a sinking feeling that it might be a long night.

So it was after midnight when Rosie finally walked up the street to her house. We had been following her the whole time. I knew immediately from her mind, as we got close, that she lived alone, so with Millie's help this was going to be straightforward.

"Dr Round?" Millie said holding out her warrant card. "I am DI Brown and we wondered if we could have a quick word with you inside."

"Oh... ok," replied Rosie before asking the usual anxious questions, things like was everyone ok? Millie smoothly calmed her fears and told her it would not take long. So we ended up seated in her lounge my eyes locked on Rosie's. She smiled warmly at me, allowing me to appreciate we had lucked into having a very lovely GP to question.

She was slim with bobbed blond hair and blue eyes. A nice curvy figure was being shown off well by the blue short dress she had picked. It was knee length and her bare legs were shapely. The deep V-neck allowed a nice view of her cleavage. I began to get both horny and hungry. Who cared if she knew anything?

Millie's voice in my head told me to focus and so I entered her mind, taking control, ordering her to tell us everything she knew. It didn't take long to learn, yes someone had asked her about the nunnery and she had let slip that the nuns were going away on a trip. He said he was planning to do some heavy work, drilling and digging outside on the road and was worried about the nuns being able to access the property. Using the fact they seemed so old and fragile as his reason to talk to her. It had seemed very odd to Rosie, but the man was physically large and intimidating, her nervousness making her play along. However, the way he had scared her, had made her watch him as he left and so she had seen his car. It was a Mercedes she said and she had written down his number, eventually discarding it, after she had calmed down. Unfortunately now she had no idea what the number was.

We left not really any the wiser and a bit depressed. Millie was going to see if she could locate any Mercedes in the area at the right time and place, but this was an affluent area. Mercedes were plentiful. 

It was a day or so later that I wondered if making Rosie drink my blood and so really tying our minds together would allow me to help her remember the number plate. This would of course make her my third bride. Sarah, Millie and I experimented with the idea that I could make them remember things they could not normally and amazingly it seemed to work. So we agreed it was worth a try. The need to convert the stunning Rosie into my bride was going to be such a chore for me Sarah and Millie commented dryly.

I phoned Rosie and got her to come to see me at the hotel. Determined to have a good time with this beauty, I made sure Rosie would come dressed to kill or at least to screw anyway. She was about to be my bride after all.

However, my other ladies had their own plan because I had the pleasant surprise of slowly coming out of my sleep to find Rosie standing over me looking anxious.

"The girls said you would like me in this," she said. She was wearing a red satin chemise, which was very short. The cups were lacy setting off her breasts beautifully. Admiring her whole body I had to agree the girls were right. I should of realised I did not need to arrange anything, Sarah and Millie would take over.

"Come!" I said holding my hands out.

Smiling she slowly pulled the duvet off me. My hand gently stroked the inside of her thigh as she knelt on the bed. Her skin was so soft the sensation of touching her inner thigh was incredible. She began to climb on top of me, my eyes appreciating the sexy red knickers she was wearing as she lifted herself over me.

We kissed as she wriggled on top of my naked body. The chemise rode up her body as I stroked her back and ran my hands down into the back of her knickers. Her kisses became more frantic as she pushed her tongue into my mouth. I kissed her cheek and neck.

She sat up, rubbing her ass on me, a look of pleasure on her face as she felt my erection. Her hands resting on my chest as she moved up and down my body. I grabbed her waist encouraging her to wriggle on me harder. She began to get excited her breaths coming quicker as I ran my nails down her legs and then up inside her chemise.

Lowering her body onto mine, our tongues touched, as with her hand holding my face she kissed me. Rubbing her hands over my face as continued to kiss me. I loved the feeling of the chemise on my chest as the material rubbed against my skin.

"I'm so pleased you called me," she commented and gripping my arm as she spoke she said, "I want you to fuck me." 

Holding her short blonde hair I made her kiss me long and hard before kissing down her neck and across the top of her chest. Moving the bra cup aside and the strap off her shoulder I took her left breast deep into my mouth. Kissing the nipple with short sharp kisses made the chemise fall down and so with her other breast now bare I kissed that too. She tensed her body above me moaning with pleasure; her hand pushed my head into her tits.

Kissing me again on the lips, she wandered down my body kissing as she went. Reaching my cock she began to kiss and lick it, rubbing her hand all over its shaft. I reached down and touched her cheek, smiling at her. She continued to suck me. I loved the slow way she was licking me, a serious look on her face, as though she was concentrating hard, focussed on pleasing me, trying to understand what gave me most pleasure. I lay back letting her work her magic.

Eventually feeling like I would explode I sat up, and made her sit up too. She lifted her arms up for me so I could take her chemise off. Loving the look of her naked body I smiled and kissed her.

"Your so beautiful." I said.

"So are you," she replied laughing, "I love your dick."

Pushing her giggling head back down I made her continue to suck my cock. I leant back on my arms, tensing my body to heighten the pleasure.

She let out a "mmmm" noise and continued to suck and stroke me. 

Lifting up her head she pleaded, "fuck me." 

Smiling I slowly turned her around and got her onto all fours. Pulling her knickers down I began to lick her ass, making her gasp and moan. As I continued to lick her I guided her knickers down her legs, removing them completely. I then licked her harder, holding her ass tighter, and making her rock forward.

I pushed my cock into her. 

"Oh, god that feels so good," she moaned.

She initially fell forward, but then raised herself back up. My hands resting on her back as I moved in and out of her. We fucked like that for some while, my speed of stroke building, making her gasp louder and louder. I could sense this was one of the ways she really liked being screwed.

Finally getting uncomfortable being in one place for too long I rolled her onto her side. We slowly fucked, Rosie lying on the bed, with me behind her, holding one of her legs in the air. She reached down and pulled both her legs up so she was in a ball. A new experience for me, but it was amazing one. Her pussy feeling so tight, meaning I had to drive into her harder than ever. 

"Oh fuck, yes." I said in approval

She began to yell." Yes, yes," in return.

She smiled and begging me to carry on she closed her eyes. 
