 Her sleep had come to her more easily that night than would have been expected. When she woke up in the morning, she felt tender and sore in all the pleasant ways one might expect after having a good fucking. But she couldn't accept what had happened the night before. That some invisible intruder had used her was just unthinkable and insane. Mostly insane. Her fingers crept down to her pussy where she fingered her still sensitive folds, feeling all that extra dampness that wasn't just from her. It was slimy and salty, with that tangy taste that can only come from a man's cum.

But it had to be just from her. It had to be. Because the reality of anything else was more than she could accept right now. So for the time being, Rebecca pushed all thoughts of what had happened to the back of her mind. But still it would creep in, flashes of that hot, degrading and terrifying encounter causing her to stumble all over her thoughts. She found herself more desperate for sex and touch than she had been before she got to the house. Days passed into a week and then two weeks. Nothing happened during that time to arouse any real alarm. Except occasionally she felt as if someone had brushed past her and in those moments she had experienced the most intense of her flashbacks. She would have no other recourse then but to relieve the tension with her fingers, working herself to orgasm wherever she was in her home. Watching tv, against the counter as she was interrupted making dinner, in her car in the garage. It didn't matter as long as she got that sweet relief, even if it did feel like someone was watching her. She ignored those feelings.

She couldn't push aside those needs. And that's what landed her back at her creaky old house two weeks later, in bed with a man named Bryan that she'd met at the bar after work. He was exactly what she felt like she needed. He was tall and broad shouldered, not classically handsome but with a strong jaw and plenty of sexy stubble. After a few shots of whiskey she let him drive her home. Then she let him passed her doorway, up the stairs and soon he was naked and she was down to just her skirt and bra. With him on his back against the rumpled sheets, arms under his head as he enjoyed the sensation of her wildly riding him and tits bouncing, threatening to spill out of the cups restraining them.

Rebecca was caught up in the moment, but not so caught up that the feeling of an ice cold hand onto her back didn't shock her. She gasped, which her partner took as one of pleasure. Then there was pressure and the sensation of being urged downward. "Don't. Say. Anything." The voice harshly whispered into her ear, cruel and demanding. The position she was pressed down into made it hard to bounce, but she rocked on her partners rock hard shaft, mouth pressed to his ear and neck, panting heavily. She squeaked once more when she felt that frozen cock again, pushing up against the tight entrance to her ass. Her breath quickened and she moved her hips quicker to try and escape, but it just created more delicious seductive friction. The voice chuckled just before it jammed its way into her asshole. She cried out, but to her new sex toy from the bar it sounded exactly like she was on the verge of cumming. She wasn't yet, but the very idea that it was spurrned him on. Bryan began to fuck back into her pussy as the invisible attacker continued to ravage her ass, brutal in the way he plowed into her. All she could do was cling on and groan into his ear, nearly delirious from the pain and pleasure of them mutually using her.

"Slut." The voice called her and she felt her cunt tighten and become even more moist from the naming calling. Rebecca couldn't help it, she was enjoying this more than she should or could even explain. Bryan pushed her away then, gasping. "I want to fuck your tight ass." He told her breathlessly as he moved out from underneath. She felt a stab of panic, the other one was already in that hole. But as if on cue, the cold hard cock withdrew just as the living man grabbed her hips and aimed his cock at her asshole. When he slipped inside with little resistance, he laughed mockingly. "Oh, what a slut! You're loose. How many men have you been letting fuck you like this?" 

She couldn't even find the words to protest, almost never! And she'd never had two at the same time. That he didn't have to fight his way in didn't seem to turn Bryan off, if anything it made him ride her even harder. "I guess I better give you a good fuck then. So you'll remember me from all the other dicks that have been in you." She moaned through the haze of all the alcohol she'd had earlier and the degrading insults. This was like that another night, a dream. It couldn't really be happening to her, just like that other thing couldn't. Rebecca was beginning to doubt her own judgement even as she fell down the rabbit hole of desire and submission.

She wanted to beg for him to give it to her harder, she was on the cusp of giving in. He grabbed her hair just then and yanked it back, causing her mouth to drop open. With her lips parted and a lustful cry about to escape them, she found herself gagged. That cold cock rammed its way down into her throat and she was being taken from both ends. Her ass was being ridden by a sexy but complete stranger and she was now servicing the invisible assailant. "That's right, take my cock in your mouth. Gobble it up while he fucks you." Only able to get out garbled moans and grunts, she pushed her ass back to take his dick even deeper inside of her. How was it possible that Bryan couldn't tell he wasn't alone in screwing her? There was a sting and it felt as if a hand had slapped her face. "Good girl. Whenever you bring someone back here to fuck from now on, I'll be screwing you too. Get used to being double teamed on your knees." The voice sounded like he was enjoying himself, enjoying how humilating this was for her. Bryan's grunts intensified behind her as she sucked on the dick in front of her, drool running down her chin as her eyes watered. "Finger your cunt. I want you to cum when he does." He commanded her.

Rebecca obediently slipped her fingers past her stomach and between her legs. It was all she could do to keep balance as she was rocked back and forth from either end. She flicked her clit and began to rub, faster and faster as the two cocks ravaged her. Bryan's balls were slapping against her pussy, the only bare contact he had since he was wearing a condom. He leaned over her back, digging his nails into her hips. "I'm going to cum in her ass, you fucking bar whore." He whispered harshly as the voice laughed. They pushed her over the edge and she began to twitch, the spasms of her orgasm tightening up her asshole and pussy. She almost choked as the cock in her mouth exploded down her throat and she gasped for air when it withdrew. Bryan blew his load while inside of her, filling up the condom with his hot seed. 

"Next time, you fuck them bare. You leak cum out of all of your holes." Her new master told her as she began to sink into the mattress, exhausted.