 Fifteen people. That's how many had simply vanished in the past 10 years. And all of them had gone into the abandoned mansion on the top of the hill. 

After the first six disappearances, a pair of police officers had been sent to the mansion. One male, one female. Their car was found parked outside 3 hours later, but no trace of them. 

Two more officers were sent in. They disappeared. After that, the police stopped sending officers to check it out. 

Three punks had tried to light the mansion on fire on Samhain two years back. They vanished, and the mansion was untouched. One of them had concerned parents, who went to the mansion and were never seen again. 

Since then, not a soul would approach the place.

My parents had both died years ago. I was an only child and had no other family in the country. At age 24, I had an unimportant part time job and no romantic entanglements, hardly even any friends. So I figured I was the perfect person to find out, once and for all, just what was going on in the mansion.

I dressed in my all-black stealth outfit with the body cam that was continuously sending its recordings to the cloud, and simultaneously to my personal web site. I made sure the cam was in working order, picked up a stout cudgel to use for self defense if necessary, and marched my way to the mansion. 

I looked around the perimeter of the property. No sign of danger. I carefully circled all the way around, checking behind every tree and bush. Nothing. 

I took a deep breath, marched up to the front door, and carefully pulled it open. I peeked cautiously into the hallway. Not a soul to be found. I eased the door closed behind me and started moving slowly along one of the walls. The hallway turned right and entered into a large living room. And I do mean large. My entire studio apartment was smaller. 

An enormous bed, that could easily fit 20 people on it, was in the center of the room. I carefully edged forward.

"Hello."

The voice was soft and feminine. I turned my head. Standing near a corner was a tall, curvy redhead with a very pretty face. She was wearing something silky and filmy.

"Hello yourself. I'm Benny."

"I have no name. But you may call me Fiona. And you can discard your weapon."

"15 people have disappeared in here, Fiona! Of course I need my weapon!"

"I will protect you. Set down your bludgeoning stick."

I thought about it briefly. The cops, at least, were fully armed. That hadn't stopped four of them from vanishing like smoke in a windstorm. Perhaps weapons were of no use here.

I set my weapon down, hoping Fiona would be able to protect me if it came to that. She smiled. 

I walked closer to her. "So, what do you know about the fifteen people who vanished?"

"I will tell you all, Benny," she promised. "Later. But for the moment, I am lonely. Let us spend some time in the bed."

Fiona slipped out of her filmy silks. Her naked body was gorgeous. Firm but plump breasts, thick curves without being overweight, long muscular legs, grabbable ass. I removed my own clothes and climbed onto the bed as she climbed on from the other side. We met in the middle.

"I will admit that spending time naked with a beautiful woman isn't exactly something to whine about."

Fiona giggled. "You're not exactly ugly yourself." Then her lips met mine. The kiss was very soft and very sweet. And it felt like my body was tethered to hers. Not that I would have tried to get away from her in any case. 

I initiated the second kiss. When our lips parted this time, Fiona murmured, "I didn't expect it to work this fast."

"What's that?"

"Most people make me initiate a second kiss."

"You looked like you were waiting for one. Plus, you said you've been lonely. I'm not about to deny a gorgeous naked woman badly in need of sex."

With that, I moved my lips to her neck and she shivered and moaned. And I seemed even more firmly attached to her.

I slowly kissed down from her neck to her upper chest. She let out a series of soft purrs. I looked into her red eyes and smiled.

I teased the upper part of her cleavage with my tongue. She quivered with excitement. I zig-zagged downwards through her cleavage. Her body seemed to soak energy from me as she got more and more stimulated. 

I left a helix of kisses from the base of her breast to her nipple and repeated the process with her other breast. When I latched my mouth over her nipple, she wrapped her arms around me and locked her glowing eyes on me. Her pupils seemed to be burning, like two hot red coals. 

"Keep suckling, honey. You're the best lover I've had in several centuries."

I switched my mouth to her other nipple. She appeared to be drawing strength from me. 

"Mmmmmm. That makes me feel so hot!"

Her body did seem to be flushed. I kissed my way down her belly while reaching down to caress her legs. She was in fact warm to the touch. 

"Benny, how'd you get so damn good at pleasing women?"

"It just comes naturally when I'm with you, Fiona."

I moved my hands up to her thighs and my tongue to the edge of her slit. By now Fiona was panting with excitement. I teased her for an instant longer before touching my tongue to her engorged clit. She let out a lustful howl. 

I licked along her labia. Her fluid was sweet and hot. Not enough to burn my mouth, but definitely noticeable. 

I slipped my tongue inside her. Her legs wrapped around my head, securing me in place. I could feel the heat from her thighs as they pressed against my cheeks. I greedily began lapping up her honey. Her screams of pleasure were loud enough to waken the dead. 

When she gushed into my mouth and covered my face, her fluids seemed to be even hotter than before. Her thighs now felt like they were burning. 

She released me from between her legs. "That was awesome. Allow me to repay the favor."

I lay on my back. Her glowing-red skin now matched her eyes. A pair of short, curved horns emerging from her temples added to her sexiness. My body felt very weak, but my cock had never been harder. 

Fiona slipped her long, forked tongue out and licked the head of my cock. I gasped with pleasure. 

"If you liked that, you'll love this."

She slipped her lips downward, enveloping all of my rod. Her tongue traced a sinuous pattern downward from the head to the base and back. I quivered with excitement and let out a series of mewls. 

When her long, claw like fingernails raked across my filling balls, I thought I'd cum right then and there. But Fiona expertly kept me close to the edge without going over it. 

She suddenly popped her head up. "I want you to cum in my pussy, not in my mouth. You just let me do all the work."

I wasn't about to refuse that. She lowered her very hot box down onto my twitching pole. My body felt so weak now that I don't think I could have moved even had I wanted to. Her wings flapped excitedly as she slid up and down, gripping my pole tightly with her internal muscles. 

"So that's what happened to the others."

"Once you closed that front door, you were severed from your world. I am merely preparing you for mine."

I lay there and watched Fiona bounce herself up and down. Smoke was literally coming from her vagina now. She leaned forwards and wrapped her arms around my drained body, pressing my head against her breast. I obligingly latched my mouth onto a nipple and suckled weakly. I felt like I was about to cum.

"Go ahead," Fiona purred. Her voice seemed to be coming from farther and farther away. "Give me the last of your human bodily energies. Let me complete the transformation." I didn't resist. My cock pulsed and throbbed. I released my sperm into Fiona's box, and faded into oblivion.

When I came to, I looked... different. My body was red all over, like Fiona's. My cock was longer than I remembered it being. And it felt like I had a tail and horns. A look at the mirror on the wall confirmed that. 

"I'm merely the gateway succubus," Fiona informed me. "Now that you are a sexual demon, you would overwhelm me. Please go through the door over there and enter the Red City, where you will find succubi that can handle the new you."

I pulled open the glowing red doorknob, blew Fiona a kiss, and closed it behind me. I started walking down the street, which seemed to be made of glowing coals. Several blocks down, but approaching me, was a gorgeous, naked female demon. I figured I should be able to have a lot of fun with her...