 This is my entry for the 2016 HALLOWEEN STORY CONTEST 2016. I have never entered one of these contests before but I thought it might be fun. 

I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I've enjoyed writing it. If any editors out there have comments or suggestions I'd be happy to hear your thoughts as well.

* * * * *

Penny Zhang was married and happily so for a few years now. One of the best things about her marriage was that her husband and her had a great sex life. They were adventurous to try new positions and new situations. Recently Penny had mentioned to her husband that she was interested in trying bondage. Not the kind where the girl is completely incapacitated but where she was given the feeling of being helpless. She wanted be "taken" to be overpowered and for him to take full control of her.

She had explained this desire to him and he was listening between keystrokes of his latest proposal for a new client. He had to work late and was trying to get new clients for his company. Penny wasn't sure how much he caught of her desire but she went to sleep that night both excited and also a bit frustrated because she was not sure if he even heard her. Her husband kept working on the proposal and she fell asleep before he returned to bed with her.

The next few weeks were a blur, fall was a busy time at work preparing for the holidays and they needed additional help working a later shift. Penny volunteered when she heard that there would be overtime. The premium pay meant that she and her husband could afford that trip they were planning sooner than later. The new shift was exhausting and it left her and her husband on different schedules.

He would wake up in the morning to go to work and give her a kiss on the forehead then head out. A few hours later Penny would wake up and go to work but by the time she got home he would already be exhausted and ready for bed. They hadn't done much more than sleep in the same bed for several weeks. The days were flying by but the pay was good and it was temporary so it made sense.

Today Penny went to work as any other day and found that several of her coworkers had put some decorations up. Pretty cheesy to be honest but they were a few stretched cotton fake cobwebs and a clearly fake spider in the corner of the office. It was then that Penny realized what day it was. Halloween already! How could it sneak up on me? Ugh, she didn't have a costume and no party was planned for the evening. The house was far enough away from the city that they never even got trick-or-treaters. 

Halloween was a new holiday to Penny since she had only immigrated to the US from China a few years earlier but she did like dressing up every year. She quickly sent a text to her husband "Sorry babe, I didn't even know it was Halloween. Can I make it up to you later?"

A quick reply came back "Sure, I have another client meeting today anyway"

Penny went through her day feeling a bit guilty for not remembering the day. She and her husband had some great times for their first few Halloween. Costumes added an extra spark to their sex lives. One year he had dressed up as a cop and ordered her around all night. Then there was the year she dressed up as a sexy nurse and "took care of him" and his every need. These kinds of games were exactly the kind she loved to play.

Remembering all the fun activities from previous Halloween's she decided she should pick up something on the way home to surprise him. Penny started thinking through several options in her head and with her mind busy, work flew by in a hurry. On the way home she stopped by the costume store. She had been there before and found what she was looking for right away. A "sexy red riding hood" outfit with all the complimenting accessories. She went to try it on in the dressing room. It was perfect! On her narrow frame the short miniskirt with ruffled edges climbed so high that it made her blush. She slipped on the leggings and garter with the teeny tiny lace panties that came with it. Now she was turning red thinking just how naughty she looked.

The top which laced over the skirt was a lace up corset in the back with a white blouse underneath. The corset was a nice touch to push up her small breasts. As is the case of most Asian woman she had the slender waist but paid for it with a less than ample set of breasts. He husband complimented her nipples and breasts all the time but she still felt a bit self conscious about them. The last part of the costume was a hood and short cape that flowed over her back.

She looked in the mirror and was quite pleased with the look. Her husband would freak. She snapped a few pics into the mirror and sent them to her husband with a message "My what big eyes you have!"

While she took the pictures she had spun around to take a pic of the back of the outfit and noticed that the skirt flew up exposing her teeny panties. Penny thought that she better be careful with that. This was Halloween after all and she was already wearing the costume so she decided to bring the packaging up to the front and pay for it without changing back into her original clothes.

This seemed like a fairly regular practice at a costume store but when she walked up to the front to pay the man behind the counter had his eyes glued on her the whole way up. She thought maybe he was going to scold her for not putting it back in the package before going to pay but when he said nothing but had his mouth wide open and stammered while trying to run the register she realized he was just gawking at her. Yes this really was a great look for her. 

Leaving the store she twisted her waist playfully to tease the guy behind the counter. He must have gotten a nice view but she was too embarrassed to look back and see his reaction. Once Penny got back in the car she couldn't believe what had just come over her. She was a pretty shy girl but to flip her skirt up and show the teeny panties to that poor boy. She realized immediately that she was getting wet. She needed to get home and fast. 

Penny peeked back at her phone a few times while rushing home. Still no reply from her husband. Had she sent the pictures to the wrong number? No, she was relieved it was to him. Why hadn't he replied?

When Penny finally pulled into the driveway she was starting to worry a bit about her husband. Why had he not replied? The lights were off inside. Had her husband gone to sleep early? Strange, he usually was a bit of a night owl. Had he gone to sleep early and missed her sexy text? That sure would put a damper on her plans for the evening.

When she got to the door something felt a bit fishy... she couldn't quite place it but she just didn't feel safe at that moment. She fumbled with the key in the door in a rush to gain entry into her house. At least there she would feel more safe once she got inside. She threw the door open and shoved the key into her purse before she could even flick the light on she closed the door behind her. She reached for the light switch and flicked it but nothing happened. The power was out? Now she was really starting to panic. 

She was standing in complete darkness in the skimpiest Halloween costume she had ever picked out with no idea where her husband was. Penny started to feel that uneasy feeling again that she felt when she got to the door. She felt like someone was stalking her. Just then an arm wrapped around her waist and another hand brought to her mouth to keep her from screaming.

Penny was lifted off the ground by the strong arm and she was carried into the dark house. This was her home, her sanctuary but now it was a prison. Her eyes hadn't adjusted to the dark light but clearly her assailant was waiting for her because he walked freely and without bumping into anything along the way. She was struggling against the strong arms holding her but it was no use. He was very strong and held her quite tightly.

She was lifted and felt the arms release her. She flew through the air and landed on a bed. Before Penny could escape, the man was on top of her. She let out a quick scream before her mouth was again covered by his hand. Reaching his other arm to the table aside the bed, the attacker picked a few items off the table. Penny's head was lifted off the bed and an eye mask was being slipped over her head. 

"Please don't do this, " Penny pleaded.

No reply came only a ball moved to her mouth and tied being her head. She was gagged and could not speak anymore. Only let out mumbling noises. The attacker then reached to the table again and started to wrap restraints around her wrists. What did he plan to do to her? 

One wrist then the other was wrapped and rope was run through the hooks attached to them. The attacker then flipped her over onto her stomach on the bed. Penny tried to struggle but this man was very strong and she had absolutely no way to stop him. The ropes around her wrist restraints were tied off to the bed frame and she then realized she must be in her own bedroom. She was going to be attacked like this in her own bedroom? Where was her husband? Had the attacker done something to him. Tears started to well up in her eyes but she was helpless to protest or fight back.

Once the restraints had been sufficiently tied to the bed the attacker started to attach restraints to her ankles. She tried to kick but his hands were holding her legs down and there was no way to keep him off of her. In the same way her hands had been tied to the bed her legs followed and before she knew it she was laying on her stomach with her arms and legs spread to the four corners of the bed. With no way to escape she was losing hope. What was going to happen?

Although her eyes were covered she noticed the surroundings got brighter. The attacker had turned on the lights. She was laying on the bed with no way to cover herself or fight back or escape. She started hearing the clicking sounds of a camera. This creep was taking pictures of her! She wriggled around on the bed and struggled but the bonds were quite tight and the ropes did not yield. 

The attacker moved his hand softly from her ankle up her leg. This was much less rough than his powerful hands had been before when he was restraining her. His finger traced its way up her leg and under her tiny skirt and flipped up the fabric exposing her panties.

She really was regretting that she'd decided to wear this stupid costume home. This creep was getting a rise out of this and it was meant for her husband. More clicking noises followed and she knew he was taking more photos. At least that was all he was doing right now. She wished her husband could return home at that moment and startle this attacker. Scare him off and protect her from what was about to happen. What was about to happen?

The attacker now brought both hands up the back of her legs again slowly and sending shivers down her whole body. This man was trying to excite her. And it was starting to work. She remembered back to when she had told her husband about the fantasy of being tied up. This was a similar idea but this wasn't her husband. Oh how she wished it would just end.

The man's hands continued up and squeezed her butt then he hooked his fingers into the hips of the panties and started pulling them down. She tried to struggle but with her hands bound there was not stopping him. A pair of scissors could be heard and the panties were gone in an instant. He had cut her panties off! He started working now on the laces on the back of the corset. 

Penny wriggled her butt back and forth but that was about all the movement she could manage. Soon he had removed the laces on the back of the corset and taken it off of her. He stepped away from her and she heard clicking from the camera again. Then she heard a zipper and clothes dropping to the floor.

Was he going to fuck her? Just like this! Penny tried to scream out but the ball gag in her mouth kept her from making any intelligible sounds.

The man moved onto the bed and move his legs on either side of hers pinning her down. He reached under her stomach and began undoing the buttons of her white blouse. She struggled but it only made her aware that this man was on top of her and she could feel his hard dick now firmly grinding into her bare ass. 

The buttons of the blouse were undone one by one without breaking any of them and when he had them done he opened the front and reached up to squeeze her breasts through her bra which felt like the last bit of coverage she had. The man leaned down and breathed onto the back of her neck. This had always driven her crazy when her husband did that. Now this attacker was doing it. He got close to her ear and whispered to her "I want to Fuck you! Right now!"

This was the first words she had heard from the attacker during this whole attack but for some reason this voice sounded a bit familiar. It sounded like her husband... But in a whisper who can tell?

Penny started to wiggle her butt, was this her husband? Was this the familiar dick she had come to know and love? How could she know? Penny's mind started to go wild, how could she figure out if it was him?

Before she could work out her thoughts the man started to move again. This time he was guiding his dick along her ass cheek. He was moving it into position at her pussy opening. He was leaving a trail of pre-cum along the path and she could feel the thick liquid sticking to her skin. Had her husband done it this way before? She was struggling to work out any thoughts in her head of a way to be sure this was him.

Penny was not struggling anymore. She was encouraging the attacker by slowly wriggling her butt back and forth. She was hoping something would be the tell tale movement that would make her sure it was her husband. The attacker move his engorged cock head to her opening and started to trace its way up and down her entrance.

Penny's pussy was soaking wet, she hadn't been so aware of it to this moment. She was not just wet she was dripping wet it was running down her leg and she could feel the man's cock sliding back and forth across her entrance. This was a movement that her husband had done before but was this enough to be sure it was him? The attacker leaned forward again and was laying on top of her. His breath again was on the back of her neck and then to her ear. He began to whisper into her ear again "Take my dick Penny, you horny little slut." As he said this he slowly slid his dick past the slick entrance and kept sliding his dick into her without withdrawing until he was completely buried in her.

An involuntary moan escaped as he breached the entrance of her pussy and as he slid into her she could barely register what the man had said. He started a slow motion pumping in and out of her pussy and then she made sense of the words he had just said... "He knows my name!" Penny thought. Was this my husband? The dick inside her felt the right size. His pace felt right, And! He knew her name. Penny decided it had to be him. She started shifting her weight back against him as he entered her to meet his thrusts.

The attacker was encouraged and started to pick up the pace. He grabbed her hips with both hands and was squeezing her body into his as he thrust into her. Penny felt her body being used as a toy and she loved it. This was exactly what she wanted. Exactly what she needed. She started moaning and was reminded of the ball gag in her mouth. She tried to talk to the attacker "Please, remove the gag."

It must have been slightly clear because she felt the buckle on the back of the gag unclip. The man never stopped fucking her pussy while he removed the gag but expertly took it off. Once it was off Penny moved her jaw back and forth feeling how sore her jaw really was from having that thing in her mouth. "Fuck me Hubby, Fuck me hard" Penny said.

Still being bound to the bed and with her eyes covered this was her way to be sure it was her husband. He remained silent but increased his pace and started longer strokes. Sliding almost all the way out and then ramming his cock deep inside her. After a few more strokes she felt herself getting closer to orgasm. She looked back to the man riding her hips but the eye mask was still around her head. 

The attacker reached for it and pulled the mask off her head. At first the light was so bright that she couldn't see much. The man was now fully ramming his cock into her shaking her whole body with every thrust. Penny looked back again and saw a muscular man's body, It looked like her husband's body but the man was wearing a mask. It was a wolfs head. Once he saw her look back he slammed into her again and again and Howled into the air. "Awooooo"

Penny knew this had to be him. It was too perfect at that moment. She cast her doubts away and concentrated on the assault on her pussy. The man, Her husband?, was still working hard and soon she could feel his dick start to spasm in her pussy. The wolf now started to moan. "Ahhhh, Fuck, I'm cumming baby, I'm cumming"

Molten cum was filling her pussy and her orgasm overtook her. Her body started to involuntarily buck and Goosebumps covered her whole body. The fire from his cum spread across her whole body and she shook violently as the orgasm of her life overcame her. She shook and lost track of everything but the euphoria of the orgasm that went on and on. 

When it subsided, Penny lay exhausted on the bed. The wolf collapsed on top of her and they lay there like that for a few minutes. Neither saying a word. Only the rise and fall of their breath moving them up and down. 

Penny was the first to move, and she said "My, what a nice dick you have."

"All The better to Fuck you with my dear" her husband replied and pulled the mask off his face finally revealing his identity.