 For those of you new to Redemption, here is the following quick info to help situate you: Redemption is part of a series, Alpha Angels Series, that started out in Scifi/fantasy. It is the 6th book in this series: 1) AOD 2) Dark Prince 3) Angel of Retribution 4) The Witch and the Dragon 5) Dark Angel and 6) Redemption.

Redemption was scifi until chapter eleven when I chose to remove it from that genre. The last chapter fit very well within group sex because this story is about a triad relationship between a closet bisexual, a woman, and an alien hermaphrodite. Kinda complicated-eh? Yup. This chapter, due to the amount of outright gore and fighting with devils and zombies and things that go bump in the night is definitely a good candidate for erotic horror. For those of you returning to Redemption, there are allot of things happening in this chapter you are definitely NOT going to like. I apologize before hand, but please realize that this story writes itself. There are things that are going to happen that you won't understand or like, but there is a reason for everything. Please bear with these characters as they find their way around very difficult situations. Since this intro is getting way too long, I leave you with chapter twelve. Please don't forget to vote, please don't forget to comment and please leave your light on as you read this. Whatever you do...don't look under your bed if you hear anything weird. It might be Sammy...lol!

*******

Devon had opened a portal to his brother. Rayne saw the area just before him swirl like water, reality distorting into a deep dark vortex. She didn't know exactly where he was headed but she followed, locking all of her sensory input on him.

The second she traversed the cold black portal, Devon's entire image changed. He turned into a beacon of light, wings of flame almost blinding her. Devon turned his head, blazing blue eyes focusing on her. It was then that she realized the moving shapes around them. The temptation to look almost overwhelmed her, but Devon's hand seized hers and she was propelled forward...into a cavern filled with devils and the sight of Boy leaping from the top of a tall archway.

Zak rushed past her. She hadn't realized the others also followed, but when Seth's tiger-striped form flew past in a blur, she propelled herself into action too.

Angel had given her weapons. Rayne drew a heavy, salt canon strapped to her back and stood, legs spread and braced. Her pupils dilated and the chips in her brain took over. The enemy turned red in her vision, her allies green.

Her knees bent, and her finger hit the trigger. Screeches of agony filled the air as she sprayed rock salt at the devils. One hand remained holding the weapon and the trigger pulled, the other pushed fresh cartridges into the open loading chamber until she ran out of amo.

A huge devil ran at her when her gun stopped firing. She swung her cannon last minute and knocked him or her to the ground. She couldn't tell what gender it was, nor did she care at the moment.

The hideous creature roared in fury and snapped back up, gigantic grey wings spreading out about fifteen feet from tip to tip.

Rayne grabbed the short swords at her hips and hacked them off. Black blood sprayed everywhere. She barely felt it. She really didn't feel anything.

The creature was so stunned by her actions, it stupidly stood there as she beheaded it as well.

More were coming for her.

Rayne just moved, whirling and hacking away at anything coming close enough to dismember; tails, wings, claws, heads, and legs. A mountain of carcasses was building around her.

Rayne leapt, using Seth's back as a trampoline to propel herself closer to where she sensed Lucien and Boy were. She doubted Seth would mind her stepping on him since he was currently a twenty-foot-long white tiger ripping devils to shreds with claws and fangs.

She landed smack in the middle of a horde of devils. One devil's tail wrapped around one of her arms. Her nanos reacted by imbuing her with more strength. Dropping one sword, she wrapped her fingers around that tail and swung the devil. He wasn't very big, but was quite useful in clearing the immediate area around her. Rayne jumped and twirled in the air, releasing the devil and cutting it in half as she spun.

She landed on her feet and immediately severed the tail of another devil creature that tried to bind her legs.

Teeth gripped her left forearm and the damage registered. Rayne kicked the creature off but it tore off part of the skin on her arm, revealing synthetic muscles and glowing wires. Current sparked and nanoblood leaked from where pseudo-arteries had severed.

Reaching into her boot, she pulled out a pulse pistol and fired. It would stun the creatures, not kill them, but it might give her time to reach a third sword she had strapped to the middle of her back.

Maybe.

Devils swarmed around her, rushing in with teeth and claws bared.

"Rayne."

She heard Lucien shout at her and turned just as he tossed her one of his divine blades.

The sword arched, spinning in a glowing circle of blue fire as it sailed closer to her. The devils rushing toward her ducked and screeched in protest at its presence. Just as Rayne reached out to grasp the beautiful flaming weapon, a black-haired angel appeared and snatched the blade, its glowing blue eyes narrowing at her before turning and laying waste to the horde of devils closing in on her.

Lucien and Boy fought back to back, but soon the cavern was empty, except for the Alpha Angels and a river of devil carcasses.

The angel that stood before her, disappeared in a flash of glowing sparkles along with Lucien's sword.

Rayne stared, befuddled before looking down at her damaged arm. She grimaced. It looked hideous.

Yelling caught her attention then.

"What the fuck were you thinking?"

Lucien's enraged bellow echoed through the abandoned subway tunnel.

She stiffened, her legs beginning to shake at his tone, her defense mode suddenly abandoning her. Looking up, she was relieved to find that his rage was not directed at her this time. It seemed like Boy was about to get his ass paddled for once instead of her.

Boy flashed fangs at him, but at the same time tears leaked down his face. "I was trying to help you escape," he growled back.

"Escape?" Lucien gripped his own hair, his eyes bulging. The others stood close, looking unsure as what to do. "You actually thought I'd run my ass to safety and leave you behind?" Lucien dropped his hands and clenched his fists, stepping right up to Boy's face, "Do you think I'm a fucking coward, Boy? Do you?" he snarled, giving Boy a shove.

Devon gripped Lucien's arm and Lucien turned and shoved him away as well. "Don't fucking touch me."

"Calm down then," Devon snapped.

"I want them off this mission," Lucien continued to shout. His pale eyes darted to her and then to Boy before looking at the rest of them. "I don't give a fuck who escorts them back, but I want them gone."

Angel turned and stalked toward her. Rayne scowled at the girl, but she still gripped her good arm and began leading her away from the others.

"Let's just give him some time to blow off steam."

Slowly Rayne's emotions surfaced. She'd fought, defended herself, and had received minimal damage. Looking at Angel, she saw the girl had cuts on her thighs and arms and four deep scratches on her left cheek.

Anger surged.

"Will I be sent away?"

Angel's big blue eyes settled on her face. "I don't know. Luke's pretty pissed right now."

Rayne halted their progress down the tunnel. "I've proven I can fight and won't be a burden on this mission."

Angel smirked and looked at her from head to toe. "I was impressed." She touched her cheek, her fingers smearing the blood that dripped there. "I got these because it was hard to keep my eyes off you." Angel shook her head slowly from side to side. "You were fucking amazing, Rayne. Where did you learn how to fight like that?"

Rayne blinked. It was just information she'd downloaded and stored away.

Movement caught her attention and she turned to see Zak approaching. He slid the sword he'd been holding into the sheath strapped to his left hip. The darkness cloaking them all couldn't hide the shimmer of his golden waves. He towered over both women when he finally stopped next to them.

"Devon just wanted to make sure you were alright."

Angel nodded. "Just wanted to diffuse Luke's rage a bit." She nodded toward Rayne before crossing her arms over her breasts and tipped her nose up at Zak. "Is he still unreasonable?"

Zak frowned down at her, his eyes darting briefly to Rayne. "I think he has a bit of reason in his argument. These types of missions aren't for..."

He tapered off and just scowled at the both of them.

Angel had become rigid. "Aren't for what?"

Rayne could hear him grinding his teeth.

Angel snorted, planting her fists on her slender hips. "Zachariel thinks all women were made for males to protect. That we're too weak to defend ourselves."

Zak's eyes just narrowed and he squared his broad shoulders a bit more.

"If I didn't love Alluna so much, I'd whack you over the head and drop you off on Utudou for a spell. Let you see what real women are like."

His eyes narrowed to slits now. "I was already there for three hundred years."

Angel grunted. "Yes, but you were frozen inside a suspended animation orb."

Rayne wasn't the least bit interested in their heated bickering, and stalked away a few paces. Pausing around a bend, she leaned against the filthy, crumbling wall and hung her head in frustration.

Boy had leapt from the high arch, using himself as a distraction so Lucien could get away. It seemed good in theory, but had backfired terribly for him. Lucien would never have run away and left him there. Even if it had been his brother, Rayne was sure Lucien would have jumped into the fray as well.

It wasn't fair he wanted to send her away as well for Boy's stupid mistake. She had proven herself.

Her mind replayed the battle waged against probably thousands of devils. The odds had not been in their favor but they'd managed to slay a good number of them, causing the others to scatter and flee when they realized they were not dealing with ordinary demon hunters.

"Poor girl," a soft voice sighed.

Rayne reached for the third short sword she had strapped to her back and held it at the ready toward a shadowed figure across the tunnel. Squinting, she made out the form of a young boy, no bigger than herself. He slid from the ledge where he perched and slinked farther along the wall, keeping his distance from her.

"I'm not here to hurt you, Girl Rayne."

"Who are you? What are you?"

How did he know her name?

Her eyes grew accustomed to the gloom and she saw him better.

His face was still slightly rounded with youth, but his body already showed the signs of advancing manhood. Sleek muscles lined his arms, chest, and belly. Well formed thighs cradled a cock that could already do damage to any maiden. He grinned, soft plump lips stretching to reveal tiny dimples in his cheeks beneath an arrow straight nose. His golden cat-like eyes blinked, showing how long his jet lashes were, lashes that matched the color of his satiny skin and riot of glossy corkscrew curls bouncing just above his shoulders. Furled against his back were large wings boned in red and a long tail with a red point swished behind him. He licked his lips with a tongue as black as the rest of him and ran his claws across the cracked tiles of the wall behind him grinning flirtatiously.

"You shouldn't let him run you off like that."

Rayne frowned. "You haven't answered me. Who are you?"

His grin grew wider, sharp teeth glowing white in the darkness as he leaned against the wall and crossed his ankles. "I am Samael. I can't tell you what I am though. If I did, I'd have to kill you."

Rayne sneered at him. "You're nothing more than a devil."

Samael grew somber. "Do I look like the creatures you just battled?"

Rayne blinked, remembering the human-like creatures she'd battled. Their faces had been twisted into evil visages, their mouths frothing and eyes blazing red and gold. None had hair and their skin was scaly or leathery.

Samael resembled the angel that had materialized in front of her when Lucien tossed her one of his divine swords.

She frowned, wondering why it had intercepted her catching the sword, but pushed away the troubling thought for later dissection. She focused on Samael.

"What do you want? Why are you here talking to me?" she spat.

Samael pouted. "I just have a soft spot for Lucien. I think he'd be happier with you than he would be with the hermaphrodite."

Rayne blinked in confusion. "What?"

Samael chuckled. "You haven't gotten a good look at him?" Fangs flashed in a razor sharp smile. "It has male and female genitals. If you're not careful, Boy Rayne may become the center of Lucien's entire existence." The little devil shook his head. "He'd never be fully happy, though. Lucien wants to deny he's bisexual. He'll push Boy into becoming more female and Boy will eventually resent that."

Rayne scowled. "I know Boy has male and female anatomy, but..."

"Rayne?"

She jumped and turned to look behind her. Angel approached slowly, a concerned frown pulling her perfectly arched brows together.

"Who are you talking to?" Angel said looking around.

Rayne turned back to look at the devil, but he was gone. Her eyes scanned the entire area before her, but he'd vanished.

Angel's hand on her arm made her jump. The pretty girl gave her a sympathetic smile. "It's been a long morning, but it's time to go. Seth wants to keep working on your training."

Rayne felt pleasantly shocked. "I'm not being sent away?"

Angel smiled and shook her head as she led her back the way they'd come. "No."

"And Boy?"

"Has been soundly rebuked for his selfless act." Angel's expression turned sad a moment. "He's just in love with Lucien. We all can see it. He only wanted to save Lucien, which is so sweet of him, but it was dumb. Had he waited a second more, we would have handled the situation."

Boy was in love with Lucien?

Rayne gulped. Had she lost the battle for Lucien's heart already?

She wanted to cry out her frustration. As she approached the group of Alpha Angels left in the tunnel where they had fought, she saw Devon off to the side speaking with Lucien. The raven-haired brother had his hands shoved in his pockets and his head cocked to the side as he tried to look into Lucien's face. Lucien leaned one arm against the wall in the tunnel, his tousled blond hair creating a curtain over his face with his head bowed as it was. His other hand was resting on the gun strapped against his left hip.

Boy was sitting up on the ledge that ran the length of the tunnel, pale blond head in his hands as he rested his elbows on his knees. He seemed very upset still and Anniel looked like she was doing her best to soothe him.

They approached Seth who stood between the two separate groups just observing, arms crossed over his chest. His tiger's stripes had disappeared, but he leveled wild pale blue eyes on Rayne's face as she approached with Angel and Zak.

His eyes snapped to Zak's face and he snarled, showing sharps fangs. "This is all Fyre's fault. I think we should kick his hot-headed ass off this team."

******* 

Lucien's back was killing him. He'd slept on the floor of the apartment for two days straight. Boy and Girl were very quiet around him. He was still seething at Boy's stupidity. He couldn't believe he'd think Lucien would just run away to save his own ass and leave him behind.

That morning, two days ago in that god-forsaken tunnel, Lucien had been opening his mind fully to Devon. His twin had been locking onto him to teleport into the tunnel and help with the horde of devils swarming below him and Boy. The walls had shaken with Devon's use of powers and the sound of the portal opening had made the hairs at the back of Lucien's neck stand on end.

Worried about Boy, he'd peered over the lip of the ledge he was curved around to see Boy's pale head rising from his own hiding spot. Lucien's blood had frozen in his veins when their eyes locked together. He could see nothing but desolation in Boy's beautiful violet eyes. Lucien wanted desperately to communicate to him that Devon was coming with the others, to not fear. Lucien would never allow anything to happen to him, but Boy's upswept brows had drawn together over eyes filled with determination. Lucien immediately knew he wanted to cause a distraction...that he was going to throw himself down into the middle of that roiling horde of devils below them. He'd never survive. They'd eat the flesh right off his bones before he touched the ground.

Lucien soundlessly mouthed "don't you dare", but Boy had moved and then gasped, clutching his stomach. The sound had caused a pause in the commotion below, or maybe it had been the portal finally opening that made them sit up and take notice.

None of that mattered, because Boy whispered "Forgive me," and flung himself over the edge.

Lucien followed without blinking and was momentarily blinded by Boy Rayne's wings popping out of his back in a burst of sparkling glitter.

Lucien landed on his back, swords withdrawn, Boy had a gun in each hand already firing. He was pure beauty in motion. The minute his feet touched the ground below, Lucien hopped off him and began hacking away at the devils that tried to tear them asunder. To his horror, he saw Girl twenty paces away, a whirlwind of death, firing a salt canon in an arc at the wave of devils trying to get at her. The chunks of anointed salt blasted the devils into a black bloody pulp, leaving them writhing and screeching in pain or just dead.

Lucien had to admit, he'd been impressed underneath the horror he felt seeing her there. She still managed to get hurt during the scuffle.

Remi had patched up her arm after Cyn had fixed the severed mess left of her cybernetics.

Lucien tried to force her to go back to Garethiel's condo, but she'd refused. To his utter annoyance, the others had backed her up. Boy and Girl were deemed worthy to stay on in the mission.

That's why he slept on the floor, because he was outnumbered and pissed off. No one cared that he wanted them safe. Only Zak was lucky enough to have a mate that respected him.

The siren, signaling the approach of devils during the night hadn't sounded and Boy was standing out on the balcony even though he knew Lucien wanted the window shut and shuttered after dark. They were openly defying him at every turn.

Lucien sat on his pallet on the floor, pretending interest in the holographic monitor showing images of the day's news.

Rumors about a spike in telekinetic activity had the citizens of Earth demanding their council look into the possibility of a hostile alien take over.

Lucien snorted and shook his head. They worried more about aliens than the infestation of devils that still plagued Earth from his father's days as dark prince.

Rayne knelt next to her tub of hot water, her lithe little body completely bare.

Unwilling, he surrendered his attention to her. Her newly shorn hair exposed the graceful slope of her neck as she leaned forward and dipped a washcloth into the steamy water. She began to wash, slowly, her sweet lips in a little pout. The suds cascaded past her perky breasts with their pale pink nipples pinched tight. He could almost imagine them pierced, with little silver hoops decorating them...maybe with cute little bells that would jingle when he fucked her, or a chain hanging from each hoop making it easier to pull her closer to him.

She was still a virgin, little unused pussy tight and cherry flavored.

His cock began to throb.
