 ***********

Author's Note - This is my entry for the 2016 Halloween contest. It contains themes of straight, nonhuman and human supernatural sex with both tricks and treats. 

Many thanks to Todger65 and ThisNameIsntTakenYet for their timely edits and helpful comments. 

***********

Mira stood in her bedroom completely naked underneath the white silk robe draped around her nubile body. Moonlight shone through the slits in her window blinds, casting parallel lines across the carpet. The illumination was just enough for her to see her reflection in the bedroom's floor-length mirror. Her figure floated within the rectangle of black glass like a ghost, but Mira was too preoccupied to notice the eerie appearance of her reflection.

She was trembling with anticipation. Tightening the robe around herself, she shivered at the anxious longing between her smooth, dusky thighs. She bit down on her lower lip to keep herself focused and made herself critically examine her reflection. Her dark pretty face with its prominent nose and large brown eyes was thoughtful. She adjusted her long raven-black hair and lifted the slender chin she had inherited from her father. She pushed out the full bosom she had inherited from her mother, wondering if she should let the front of her robe open just a touch more.

Mirati Vazquez had an unlikely heritage consisting of ancestors from both Spain and India; although she had been born in America. She never even visited another country, but she would like to see more of the world someday. Preferably on a lengthy romantic vacation with a certain individual who would ensure there was as much sex as there was sightseeing on the trip. That individual was the reason Mira was nervously standing in her bedroom wearing nothing save a thin and naughtily short robe while trying to decide if her hair looked better draped over her right or left shoulder.

Finally deciding her hair looked more alluring over her right, Mira stepped closer to the mirror. Her bare feet brushed quietly over the carpet. Standing only inches away from the mirror, she bent until the tip of her nose was almost touching the glass. She took a deep breath, the motion along with her bending position making the front of her robe slip open even wider and revealing the inner curves of her breasts. Mira paid no attention. She closed her eyes for a moment, trying to steady the rapid, excited pounding of her heart. She re-opened her eyes and stared straight at the mirror. In a breathless voice, she whispered.

"Mistwalker. Mistwalker. Mistwalker."

Mira remembered the first time she had read about the Mistwalker. She had been browsing websites filled with creepy stories and urban legends. She had thought the Mistwalker was just another silly ghost story, and a rather derivative one at that. One was supposed to stand in a dark room, stare into a mirror and call the Mistwalker three times. People who did this claimed a black mist filled their vision, something Mira had thought was a perfectly normal optical illusion caused by straining one's eyes in the dark. The stories also claimed that sometimes after the third repetition, an evil being made of the swirling mist would appear to steal away one's soul.

She had never expected the stories would turn out to be true. Or mostly true.

Mira straightened up and stepped back from the mirror. She felt a chill grow in the room, but she made no motion to close her half-open robe. She waited, and she knew it was not an optical illusion when thin tendrils of inky mist began to flow out from the edges of the mirror's frame. The semi-transparent lines of darkness began to writhe in the air, flailing wildly like branches caught in a high wind. There was no sound save a faint sigh as the tendrils of mist abruptly plunged downward like a waterfall of smoke in front of the mirror. They wove themselves together in crazed, intricate patterns too rapid for the eye to follow. A pale glow began to shine within them as they formed into the huge shape of the Mistwalker.

He was inhuman, he was unclothed, and he was gorgeous. His heavily muscled form shimmered with a silvery light, much like the moonlight shining in the room. His head rose higher than the top of her bedroom's doors, almost brushing the ceiling, and it was crowned by a wild mop of pure white hair. The features of his demonic face were ruggedly chiseled, and his ears came to long points. His huge hands ended in cruel-looking claws.

The Mistwalker was not entirely naked. The dark mists flowed around his body and followed the movements of his silver, glowing limbs. He turned his face toward Mira, and his lips parted to reveal twin rows of sharp, white fangs. He let out a low, rumbling growl, and his pupilless eyes burned with a yellow light which would have made most people recoil in terror.

Mira did not recoil. She quickly stepped toward the towering apparition and flung her arms around his taut waist. She buried her face against the hard muscles of his torso. He was so tall her head barely reached his expansive chest.

"Oh Brook, I haven't been able to stop thinking you!" she exclaimed. She held onto him tightly while the spectral mists flowed over her arms, tickling her skin. She no longer felt unsettled by their touch, just as she no longer thought 'Brook' was a very odd forename for a supernatural being who had become a minor meme on ghost story websites. She had grown to regard the caresses of the dark mists sensual, and she found the name Brook to be absolutely adorable.

"It's felt like an eternity waiting to see you again," the Mistwalker who called himself Brook replied. His voice was deep with a hollow-sounding echo. His thick arms wrapped around Mira's body.

Brook leaned downward, and Mira raised her face. She rose up as high as she could on her toes to meet the fanged kiss he pressed eagerly against her lips. A much too long tongue pushed its way into her mouth, but she opened wide to accept its hot and probing length. Her own tongue followed it back and slipped past the rows of fangs, eagerly stretching into Brook's mouth. Mira sighed at his strange inhuman taste; a taste which she had grown to relish.

His powerful arms hugged her close, and Mira pushed herself against him. Her generous breasts were squeezed against his hard body. Each of her increasingly passionate breaths caused her globes to rub against Brook's bare skin through the thin robe, making her already aroused nipples stiffen even more. She felt one of his hands hold the small of her back while the other slid down her spine and cupped her rear. His fingers tightened around her buttocks, grasping her cheeks under her robe. Mira could sense the hungry desire in his touch, and she could feel the even more obvious desire in the thickening length of his cock hidden in the swirling mists between his thighs.

Unexpectedly, Brook broke their kiss. His tongue withdrew with difficulty from Mira's mouth. Mira tried to prevent its withdrawal with a murmur of disappointment, but Brook pushed himself back. Mira was left breathless and stared at him in confusion.

"You're so beautiful," Brook murmured in his haunting voice. One of his clawed fingers stroked the side of Mira's face. "But we need to talk."

"Later" moaned Mira, finally catching enough air in her lungs to speak. She reached up to grasp his neck and tried to pull him back down.

"We keep putting it off," protested Brook. "There are things you should knnn-!"

His words were cut off in a surprised clenching of his jaw as Mira gave up trying to tug his head down. Instead, she dropped her hands and slid them both into the swirling veil of mist between his legs. Her fingertips found the bulbous head of his warm member, and she slid her hand along its length. She shivered at the feel of the smoothly veined rod of flesh. She felt his penis instantly respond to her touch. His cock was already engorged with arousal and when she wrapped her hands gently around the girth, it swiftly swelled up stiff and hard.

"Oh Brook!" Mira moaned leaning against his chest. She turned her head up back up toward him. "I want you so-mmmmhh!!"

It was her turn to have her words cut off as Brook's arms enveloped her body and he fiercely renewed their kiss. He crushed her against him, pushing his hips eagerly against her stroking hand even while lifting her up from the floor as if she were weightless. He carried her toward the bed. He had become familiar enough with her bedroom that he could find the way to her mattress without stopping their passionate kiss.

When he reached the bed, he flung them both down onto it, making it creak loudly under their weight. His claws tugged and pulled her robe off. Mira squirmed and helped Brook fling the garment away while she still fervently kissed him. In a moment, she lay naked on the bedsheets, her exposed dusky flesh tingling with excitement at the touch of his silvery skin and the feathery caresses of the supernatural mist surrounding his limbs.

One of his hands moved down to her thighs, and Mira willingly opened her legs at his touch. She arched her back at the heightened pleasure as Brook's claws carefully and gently tickled around the mound of her flushed pubis while his long tongue explored her mouth and wrapped around her own wriggling tongue.

"Mmmmm!" Mira moaned.

One of her hands dropped to guide Brook's hand in its exploration between her legs while the other was wrapped behind his muscular neck, trying to pull herself deeper into the intoxicating, inhuman kiss. Mira could remember how her tongue had been hesitant when she had first touched the fangs filling his mouth, just as she had been fearful of his claws when they had stroked her. But even when she had been afraid of Brook's unnatural features, they had also been fascinating and alluring to her. Now she felt nothing but desire for them along with his more ordinary, human traits like the erection rising up between his legs.

Not that there was anything ordinary about the length and width of his pulsing shaft. Mira hungrily pushed Brook's massaging hand away from her already sopping vagina and shifted herself so her legs could wrap around his narrow hips. She drew him towards herself, feeling him shift until the hard knob of his cock was pressing against her labia.

"I want you inside me," Mira husked. She kissed him again, seeking his long tongue and feeling the sharp points of his fangs.

Slowly, Brook pushed his thick cock against her slit and entered her, inch by delightful, excruciating inch. Mira arched her back on her mattress and moaned as the whole length of his enormous, rigid organ sunk inside her. She lifted up her legs until her thighs were above Brook's hips. Wrapping her hands around the back of her knees, she hiked her legs further up until her feet were pointing at the ceiling. Her position allowed Brook to push even deeper into her, and her moaning grew louder as he began to move hips.

"Ohhh! Yes! Yes, that's it!" Mira gasped.

The bed started to rock under his heavy, pumping weight, swaying Mira's much smaller body under his ardent motions. She let go of her upraised legs and slid her hands downward, seeking Brook's naked buttocks. Grasping his working tensing rear, her fingers began squeezing his hard flesh in encouragement. Her eager grasping made Brook thrust faster, driving his inhuman penis wonderfully far into her ecstatic slit.

"More! Ahhh-Brook! I need you!" Mira cried out in her acute desire.

She felt his large hands slide underneath her hips, tightly grasping her own buttocks in turn. His claws dug into her wriggling derriere, and he held her in place while he thrust at her. Mira cried out loudly. She wanted Brook to fuck her even harder just she wanted his claws to bite into her bare rear cheeks, but she was breathing too hard to speak any intelligible words.

All this while, the spectral mists which surrounded Brook's tall form had been enveloping Mira like moving sheets of feathery warmth. Mira thought their touch was comforting and intimate. The gentle brushing over her flushed skin was a contrast to Brook's nearly painful grip on her rear and the growing ecstasy of his impaling shaft

Mira gyrated her hips in the way she had learned Brook liked, and he cried out in carnal appreciation. Mira was always amazed at how responsive he was to her. She seemed able to instinctively find the right things to inflame his passion and escalate his pleasure. It made her feel sexy and alluring in a way that no other lover had ever managed.

Ecstasy rapidly grew within Mira. Sex with Brook was crazy and bizarre and arousing, and she did not want it to stop. She needed it to go on. She could feel Brook holding himself back, and she didn't want him to. She wanted to make him cum, but she could tell he was not letting himself reach that point.

He had slightly slowed down his movements, and he was shifting and wriggling his cock within her after each thrust, sensually grinding his pelvis against her. He would almost lift her hips up from the bed, and then he would plunge her back down again, sinking her deep into the mattress before grinding against her once more. Waves of pleasure overcame Mira, and even as she grew dizzy, she knew what he was doing. He was not going to let his own lust loose until she had climaxed.

She did not know how long this went on, but eventually she raised her hands away from greedily grasping his thrusting rear and slid her palms up his long, lean, silvery-skinned body. She clung to his shoulders and then his neck and up past his pointed ears before running her fingers into his wild, white hair. She tugged at him. It was like trying to move a swaying mountain, but he let her draw him down so she could kiss him.

His inhuman tongue tickled her lips, but before she could stretch out her own tongue to wrap around it, Brook suddenly dropped his head away. He moved down to her breasts, and Mira felt his mouth envelope one of her nipples.

"AHH!" she cried at the sensation.

Brook was careful as he nipped at her tender globe, lightly and tenderly biting her skin with his fangs while his hot, long tongue wrapped completely around her aroused nipple. His sleek tongue slid and brushed over her stiffened, sensitive tip, heightening her pleasure even more. Mira loved how Brook carried on with her tits, combining the playful bites with the intense, fervent licking. She grabbed the back of his head, unable to decide whether to try to pull him up to renew their kiss or drag his demonic face harder against her pleasure-filled breast. The sensations of his thrusting cock became too much, and Mira buried his face in the cleavage of her breasts.

Her whole body shuddered, and she bucked upward. "AAAHH!" she cried out as she reached her climax. Pleasure surged through her, and her mouth opened wide, her tongue stretching out. She longed for Brook to kiss her. Then suddenly he was there kissing her, his tongue sliding into her grateful mouth even as spasms of ecstasy flooded her body.

Brook kept up his constant, pumping pace, each powerful impact making Mira swoon. When he pulled away from their kiss, Mira sucked in a huge breath of air. She leaned her face against Brook's shoulder, savoring the feel of his body as her orgasm slowly faded. Slowly Mira realized his thrusting was getting faster. His face was buried against the top of her head, nuzzling into her hair. His gasps were becoming heavy and fierce. His fangs bit at her earlobes and the side of her neck.

Mira felt him thrust harder at her with growing urgency. Then he let out a rumbling, echoing exclamation of pleasure. His huge body heaved against her, and she let out an answering cry. She felt his cock convulse within her, jerking upward as hot gouts of cum sprayed over her wet, inner walls. He tensed and flexed for what felt like an endless number of times before he finally stopped and swayed over her. Mira felt him subside, and she pulled him against her. With shuddering quivers, he settled down gently on top her with a grateful sigh.

For some time, they lay together on the bed recovering. Brook had rolled onto his side, and now Mira rested her head on his broad chest. She sighed contently, awash in her post-coitus delight. These were the moments when she wondered how she had become the lover of a supernatural, urban myth. She never would have suspected such beings browsed the Internet, much less visited chat rooms and dating sites. What had started as a playful dare from a charming stranger online to recite the Mistwalker incantation had led her to so much more.

Mira was not a prude, but she was not the kind of woman who slept around with men. It had been a great surprise to her how much she had wanted to have sex with Brook from the first moment he had appeared before her. It may have been the unreality of it all, or some buried fascination with the occult she had never known she had. Brook had responded to her not exactly subtle hints. After their initial meeting, they had ended up having a wild night of feverish sex. That had been little more than two weeks ago, and their sex had continued to grow more intense.

Mira felt the mists caressing her flow around the curves of her nude form. They pulled back, leaving her only in the warm embrace of Brook arms which he held protectively around her. He reached down to tilt up her head.

"Mira," he said. His demonic features were serious, but there was a warm, soft cast to his glowing eyes. "There..." He paused, an unaccustomed hesitation in his rumbling voice. "There is more I need to tell you about myself. About the place I am from."

"Wait, first there's something I want to show you," she said with a bright smile, brushing back the tousled strands of her black hair. She untangled herself from his unresisting arms and slid off the bed.

"Mira-" Brook started, but his words stopped short as she stood up and walked toward her closet. She smiled privately to herself, knowing his glowing eyes were capable of seeing clearly in the darkness and that he was drinking in the sight of her naked backside and bare, swaying buttocks. It warmed her knowing how her nudity affected him, and when she reached the closest, she bent over much more than was necessary to slide open the door and take out the clothes she wanted.

"Look what I bought you!" she exclaimed, holding up a large pair of jeans and black T-shirt with a golden saxophone design across it. "You can wear them to the jazz concert next week."

It took a few moments for Brook's gaze to move away from a languid perusal of her nude front side, but Mira did not mind. When he finally noticed the clothes she held, his lips widened with a fang-filled grin.

"You didn't have to buy me anything. I have normal clothes I can wear," he told her.

"You do? I mean, I suppose you must," Mira said, a bit downcast. "It's just I've only ever seen you naked, even when you've made yourself look,you know, human."

"I haven't had reason to wear human clothes. Until now," he told her warmly. "It has been such a long time since I've listened to a concert. I am looking forward to going to one with you, and I would love to wear those to it."

"Really?" Mira said happily. "Try them on! I want to make sure they fit you. When you are in your other form, I mean."

She flicked on the bedroom light, blinking at the sudden brightness. She wanted the light to see what Brook looked like in the clothes, but she also wanted the chance to see him as he slowly rose up from the bed. Mira was always enthralled by how large he was. And she did not just mean the glistening organ hanging between his legs. He was a lean, nude figure that seemed to take up half the bedroom.

The black mists flowing around his bare limbs had recoiled when she had turned on the light, but now they began to grow thicker and swirl in dense, twisting tendrils. They swiftly flowed around Brook's body engulfing his shape and wrapping around him. The bedroom lamp flickered and dimmed. When the light returned to its normal brightness, the mists had disappeared and Brook stood in the same place. He was still very naked, but he was now very human.
