 Part 1: Lilith Returns

Chapter 1

The Abyss. Formless and shapeless nothingness. How long have I been in the darkness? Years? Centuries? Eons? Too long.

It began as a gentle tugging, an undercurrent drawing me down, down, down. The current became far more forceful, an irresistible pull. Dragging me toward a single point of light.

A Summoning.

Chanting, I heard the distant lull of chanting. Opening my eyes. I could see a dark room lit by several candles and robed figures standing around a circle. Eyes! I have eyes! I touched my face gingerly. Eyes, nose, lips, it had been so long since I was corporal. Slowly I became fully into being on the mortal plane.

The chanting ceased as the robed figures watched me materialize in the summoning circle.

"We bind you demon, by the Greater and Lesser Keys of Solomon." Intoned the magi holding a leather bound grimoire.

"Solomon? That blowhard?" I said, my long slender tail swishing back and forth seductively. "He was an imbecile." I summoned the grimoire to my hands, causing it to fly from the magi's hands. "You four have been reading entirely the wrong kinds of books," I said. The spell book was genuine but these magi were too inexperienced to know how to properly use it.

"You didn't summon a succubus, you summoned THE succubus. I am Lilith! Mother of Demons, Queen of Darkness, wife to the First of the Fallen and one of the Four Queens of Hell." I flexed my wings and all the candles went out at once. One step and the protections of the summoning circle broke with a pop and fizzle. Then the screaming started. The magi screamed in a language I didn't quite understand. The four magi ran about in the darkness bumping into one another in their haste to escape the room. I stalked them in the darkness.

One by one I leapt upon them. The first was not a virgin but neither was he experienced. I stared down at him with pitch black eyes as I sat atop him. Hungrily my mouth found his, my tongue questing for his. Then I began to feed. All his desire, I fed upon it all, not just his sexual desire but his desire to live. I took everything, drawing it out through his mouth till he was a shriveled husk that turned to dust between my thighs.

I fed on the next two magi in much the same way until one remained. He cowered in the corner, muttering something. Prayers most likely. Too little ,too late I thought. He was already mine. A shaft of moonlight filtered through the window and when I stepped into it I knew I had him. Once he saw me all thoughts of fleeing left him, all that remained was his all consuming lust and desire. I watched my visage in his eyes as I slowly stalked toward him. All wings and horns and sex appeal. Long black curls spilled down my backside between large draconic red wings. Pale alabaster skin shown in the moonlight, highlighting large matronly breasts. The black patch of curls between my legs glistened as my nether lips grew moist, engorged and began to undulate of their own accord. Wetness coated my thighs in anticipation of the feeding that was to come.

****

Sometime later feeling my hunger sated for the time being, I decided to venture forth into the world of man for the first time in a long time. What a world it was! Much changed since the last time I walked the world.

Men rode in horseless iron boxes and lived in glass towers in the sky. It was a strange world I had awakened to but it was a world I was intent to rule. Shielding myself from mortal eyes, I took to the night sky in the form of an owl; streaking toward the highest of the glass towers.

I circled the glass tower, watching a mortal man inside with interest. He seemed to be holding his hand to his head and speaking into the air. I assumed he must be speaking to a familiar of some kind. However I could sense no demonic presence beyond myself. The man himself was not unpleasing to look at, no matter how strange he was. It was in that moment I decided I would visit this man.

I allowed my form to pass through the glass walls of the tower, landing softly in a large room of sparse furniture. The mortal must be a king because his abode was lavishly furnished. I assumed a more human form. My wings, tail and horns faded from view and eyes took on a much more human appearance. My eyes changed from soulless black pits to a warm amber color.

I could hear the man speaking in the next room although I could not understand the language. The language issue was a problem I planned to soon rectify with a little help from the man himself.

I stood in the doorway watching my prey as he continued to speak into a device he held in his hand. He had dark hair and eyes, a broad chest and arms and the lean build of a warrior. He dressed strangely but he was undoubtedly handsome as far as mortal men went.

He must have felt my eyes on him because he finally seemed to notice my presence. His eyes grew wide as he took in my nude form. He spoke but I could not understand him, nor did I need to; I always preferred to let my body do the talking.

I crossed the room in a span of heartbeats, stopping just a hair's breath away from him. The apprehension in his features melted away as he inhaled my scent. Lightly I caressed his cheek and with that he kissed me as if I was a long absent lover.

Slowly we sank to our knees, bodies entwined. There was a bed in the room but we never made it there. He was still clothed as he attempted to climb atop me. Growling I grabbed him and rolled us over till I was on top of him, pinning him to the floor, my eyes flashing dangerously. I saw fear in him then. Not since Adam himself had I lain beneath a son of man.

Seeing the fear in his eyes I bent and kissed him, pulling him back into his lust. I tasted his desire in the air, it surrounded us. With a low growl I ripped his shirt open and dug my nails into his bare chest as I rocked my hips back into his stiff manhood.

Reaching back I easily freed his manhood from his pants. Rising slightly I positioned his manhood at my entrance, my moist lips teasing the tip of his member. I sent a pulse of demonic power through my fingertips and into his manhood. It would insure he could spill his seed inside me as much as I wanted him to, or not at all if I so chose.

Slowly I impaled myself upon his impressive member. I savored every inch as more and more of him disappeared inside me. For one agonizingly long moment I sat motionless enjoying his girth.

Slowly, rhythmically I swayed back and forth on his cock grinding slowly. I could feel him bucking beneath me as his cock twitched inside me. Then I began to chant softly, hauntingly. The spell I wove would allow me to consume his soul leaving his body intact but most importantly it would allow me access to his knowledge and memories and thus the language.

I rocked back and forth on his cock in time with my chant. Both my chant and his orgasm building toward the inevitable. My nails dug into his chest once again leaving tiny rivulets of blood. The coppery smell of blood awakened my demonic nature. Dark red leathery wings sprang from my back fully unfurled, bone like recurved horns grew from my head and a long serpentine tail spouted from the base of my spine and a rush of demonic energy flooded the room.

I couldn't hold back any longer. I rode him with reckless abandon. I sensed his orgasm rising and slammed it back down with a pulse of energy and still I rode him. Each time he was about to spill his seed I forced it back down until his eyes rolled back in his head.

His cock was as hard as granite as he pushed his hips up seeking to get deeper into me as my dripping sex literally drained the life from him. My chant reached a crescendo as I ground my hips into him careful not to shatter his pelvis.

This time when I felt the heat in my sex rise as he neared orgasm I let him unleash it. I threw my head back in an unearthly roar that rattled the walls as a torrent of his seed erupted inside me. At that exact moment I completed the spell. The rush of energy from his climax lit all my nerves on fire.

I clamped my lips down on his mouth and inhaled. A flood of images filled my head. It was disconcerting but intoxicating all the same. The faces of dozens of women flashed through my mind. It had been so long since I had consumed a soul, I preferred to simply drain the life force of my victims. The assimilation of a soul could be uncomfortable and entirely unnecessary for nourishment.

Desires.

Desires always came first. His were of prestige and power. The faces of loves and lusts conquered and unconquered. More faces and images exploded in my mind.

One face struck me...a redhead. Naamah? I thought.

All the thoughts were a blur after that. That one face stayed in my mind. Summoning my own memories... A redhead with blood red lips and icy blue eyes smiling as I was cast into the Abyss. A knock at the door pulled me from my reverie.

The mortal's cock flopped free of my still slick sex with a soft sucking sound as I stood. The musky odor of sex hung in the air as the mixed juices of our coupling ran down my thighs.

"Rise mortal," I commanded. The soulless shell of the man I now knew was David Grant rose.

Now that I had consumed his soul the sum total of his knowledge and memories were mine, although the integration of his memories would be slow. A byproduct of the process left his body intact and susceptible to simple commands.

Grant's body stood, slick with perspiration. I couldn't help but admire it as an excellent specimen of the human male. I'm glad I didn't drain him. It would have been a shame to waste a body like that. Walking to the closet, I opened it and commanded Grant's lifeless body inside and closed the door as the knocking at the other door continued.

I opened the front door unconcerned with clothes.

"Honestly David I was knocking for ages." said a young blond woman who pushed past me into the apartment.

Yum, dessert; I thought as I closed the door behind her.

Still fully nude and in my demonic form she continued as though everything was perfectly normal.

It was an after effect of consuming Grant's soul, for the next few hours mortals would perceive me as David Grant no matter what I looked like. Humans could rarely see the truth right in front of them, choosing to see what they wanted to see.

"You should have called me sooner David, I didn't even know you were in town." she said.

"I'm sorry Natalie," her name coming unbidden to my lips. I pulled her in close, wrapping her in an embrace.

"Oh David I didn't come here for that." she said half heartedly pushing me away.

Leaning in close I kissed her, a small moan escaping her lips.

"David-," I cut her off with another kiss my tongue snaking inside her mouth. Effortlessly I lifted the demure woman into my arms and carried her to the bed.

I lay her on the black silk sheets of the large bed; with a pulse of power and a snap of my fingers the woman's clothes vanished. I ran my tongue over my fangs as I looked over the naked flesh displayed before me. I spread her legs easily and buried my head between them. My tongue found the hot wetness at her center. Her back arched and she gripped the sheets as my tongue probed her depths.

"Oh David!" she said breathlessly.

It had been so long since I tasted a woman. I lapped gently at her folds teasing sweet wetness from them. She tasted marvelous.

My mind wandered back to the past once more....

Slender fingers gripped my hair as I lapped at her nethers. Her juices ran freely coating my lips and chin. She tasted impossibly sweet. I looked up at her, flame red hair pooled around ram like horns. Finally her icy blue eyes opened and she smiled with blood red lips.

"Why'd you stop?"

"Just enjoying the view." I said.

"Lilith? sentimental?"

"Naamah I-"

Naamah's sudden gasp brought me back to the task at hand. Her tail had wormed it's way into her sex and was burrowing its way into her.

A wicked grin crossed my lips as I grabbed the wiggling appendage, pulling it from within her. I wrapped my hand around it just below the spade shaped tip and sucked playfully, drawing a sharp moan from Naamah.

The rising need in my own sex drew me back to the present. I whipped my tail around between my own legs and slipped it inside myself as Natalie's legs began to quiver from my attentions.

I wrapped my lips around the tender nub of her clitoris and sucked on it at the same time that my tail pumped in and out of me. Natalie moaned and crawled back away from my mouth as I sucked harder.

"Oh David! Ahh!" she moaned. She could barely speak as she inched back more and more, fighting to escape my hungry mouth. A soft thump told me she had reached the headboard. I smiled into her pussy. I took my mouth off her clit and plunged my tongue deep into her.

Hmmm...clit and pussy. Delicious new words. The assimilation of David's knowledge was taking hold. The tension in her legs told me she was close to climax.

"Not yet my pet," I whispered.

I sat up on my knees and reluctantly withdrew my tail from my own starving sex and slipped it inside Natalie. I muttered the words to an incantation as I did so. The blonde girl shuddered as my tail slithered inside her.

She thrashed about as my tail thickened inside her taking on a much more phallic shape. Once the spell was complete I moved my hips back and forth slowly as my dark red tail slid in and out of her.

The slim woman grabbed a pillow and buried her face into it as she moaned as my tail worked its way deeper into her with each thrust of my hips, its unnatural ridges and spirals undoubtedly sending thrills of pleasure throughout her body.

I grabbed hold of the small mounds of her breasts as I continued to tail fuck her. The pink nubs of her nipples hardened between my fingers as I pinched and rolled them; bucking my hips faster now, I breathed in her lust and desire taking the energy into myself.

As always the energy gave me a rush and heightened my senses. The sensations made my hair stand on end and my wings unfurl. Using one hand I traced the lines of my seal on her smooth taunt belly. The lines appeared in thin red glowing lines.

Fangs fully extended now, I furiously fucked her. Feeding and fucking; an endless cycle that could go on forever but her mortal body could not take much more. Her eyes had already began to roll to the back of her head, spittle forming on her lips and if she thrashed about any harder she would hurt herself.

Her climax had long since been at hand, simply held back by my unholy demon magic, magic I now released by slipping my tail out of her. The end of my tail was slick and glistening. The dam inside Natalie broke and Natalie cried out in ecstasy, shuddering involuntarily then growing very still as the seal on her belly began to glow.

The seal on her belly flared. The energy from her own orgasm fueled the spell that would bind her to me. She was mine now and forever. The glow of the seal dimmed to cool black lines that would let all who gazed upon her naked flesh know to whom she belonged. Enthralled to me for all time.

Utterly spent I wrapped us in the warmth of my wings and drifted off to a dreamless sleep.

Chapter 2

The light of the sunrise filtering through the windows of the bedroom woke me. I stretched languidly. Rising, I walked to the window and gazed out to the stunning vista before me. Clouds drifted lazily by, backlit by golden light, the top of the city skyline peaking through the clouds.

Absentmindedly I wondered if this is what the angelic city looked like that Samael would often speak of in his more wistful moments. Of course thinking of Samael conjured images of Naamah and that made me think of the redheaded girl from David Grant's memories.

I concentrated on the image of the girl in my mind and it summoned lust and wonton desire from Grant's soul but nothing more.

"Shit!" I swore. This girl looked so much like Naamah but could it be her? Why would a mortal man know her?

I carefully searched the house. Nothing here held particular memories for Grant. It appeared this was just a place to sleep between business trips. My search had ended in the kitchen.

I drummed my nails on the granite countertops as I thought. I need answers, in that moment I knew how to get them. I tapped one black nailed finger on the silver serving tray on the counter. I dumped the food it held on the floor, I stared at the reflective surface. Reflective surfaces often made summoning easier. I extended one black taloned finger and began to etch the lines that would form a seal to summon a demon. I just hope I wouldn't regret the decision to summon this particular demon. I placed my palm on the completed seal and faced the west before beginning the invocation:

"I summon you Valak, I summon you to this place." I pushed a pulse of power through the seal to punctuate the summons and continued.

"I summon you Valak, High-Steward of Hell." Another pulse of power. I waited. Still nothing happened. Begrudgingly I continued.

"I summon you Valak, Keeper of Serpents and finder of lost things great and small." I smelled the acrid scent of brimstone. He was here, I scanned the room. My temper flared, the insufferable imp was refusing to appear. He just wanted his ego stroked.

"Great Valak, The 62nd of Samael's personal legion appear before me now and serve me as you serve your master."

Oily black smoke rose from the floor and the electricity began to crackle and flicker. I rolled my eyes. Suddenly all the lights went out and all the glass and windows exploded inward in a shower of sparks and glass.

"Who summons me?" boomed a disembodied voice.

"Enough of this!" I growled power radiating off me. The smoke cleared leaving a chubby looking baby floating in mid air on too small wings with a bulbous head, elongated limbs and beady black eyes.

"Ah Lady Lilith," stammered Valak."Had I known it was you summoning me I would have come post haste."

"Enough posturing Valak I have need of you."

"Yes my queen, how my I serve you?"

"I need you to find out everything you can about this man," I said summoning David Grant's ID card to my hand and passing it to Valak. The key to finding the redhead was triggering more of his memories; to do that I had to find out more about him.

"Yes my queen," said Valak bowing deeply.

"You may leave," I said dismissing the imp. "Valak tell no one about this or me."

"Of course my queen," said Valak as he faded into the Aether. Of course Valak couldn't actually be trusted to keep silent.

"David!" called a voice, "What the hell happened last night? When did I get a tattoo?" said Natalie running a hand over her stomach and looking down at the markings there.

Once her bare feet hit the broken glass scattered around the kitchen she looked up. "What the fuck happened in here?"

She looked at me in confusion.

"Oh my poor pet, I didn't realize you were awake." I said as she carefully stepped around the broken glass.

"David?" she said looking at me quizzically.

"Oh my pet, I'm not David."

I placed a finger on her lips to forestall more questions.

"Look at me, really look." I said lifting her chin to look into my eyes.

It took several moments before realization dawned.

"Oh God! I thought that was just a dream." she said, her hand going to her mouth.

She went weak in the knees and I caught her before she collapsed.

"What are you going to do to me?"

"What would you like me to do to you?" I said smiling seductively.

"Please, I just want to leave." She whimpered squeezing her eyes tight refusing to meet my demonic gaze.

I waved my hand and the door in the hallway opened.

"If you wish to leave you may go my pet. There are no slaves in the House of Lilith."
