 Lizzie awoke the next morning and despite the events from the night before she was not sore. In fact, she was dressed in the pink tank top and black shorts just like the night before and everything in her room appeared to be in order.

"Could it all have just been a really fucked up dream?" Lizzie asked herself.

She slowly sat up in bed and pulled down both her shorts and panties to examine her rogue sex organ.

"Hey, are you there?" She said while lightly poking her vagina.

"Okay, Lizzie snap out of it. You just had a really vivid and fucked up dream. That's it. There are no such things as fairies, magic, or especially talking vaginas. I wonder what the hell possessed me to dream such a thing though." Lizzie took a deep breath, pulled her shorts and panties back up and got out of bed.

She walked inside her bathroom and sat down to pee when she felt something rather odd. Her vaginal lips seemed to clinch themselves when she sat down on the cold toilet seat. Nothing else seemed to happen so she shrugged it off and continued relieving herself. She got up from the toilet and caught herself in the mirror, noticing that her breasts looked a little bigger.

"What the..." Lizzie said as she proceeded to take off her top. In just a bra her cleavage was noticeably more defined. Strangely enough, though, the bra did not feel any tighter than usual. She took off the bra and sure enough her breasts were the same size, but they seemed to be held in place. They didn't bounce or drop at all when her bra came off. She cupped them in her hands and shook them, but even though they jiggled like normal they resumed holding themselves up without her bra's assistance.

"What the hell is going on here?" She thought to herself.

She slowly walked to the kitchen.

"I just need to wake up. This is all in my fucked-up head." She said as she poured her a bowl of Special K flakes with soy milk. After finishing her breakfast, she drank the remainder of soy milk from her bowl and felt a strange tingling in her nipples as they randomly became erect. She slowly put her bowl down and gasped as she felt her right boob move on its own until her right nipple was facing her as she looked down. Frozen in astonishment she just watched as the tip of her nipple began to move like a tiny mouth.

"Silly girl, that's not real milk. This is." Her right boob said with a tiny female voice as it continued to spray milk into Lizzie's mouth while it was wide open. Lizzie fell out of her kitchen chair and spit the milk out onto the floor. She rolled onto her back and watched in horror as both of her breasts let out tiny girlish giggles.

"What the fuck?!" Lizzie exclaimed.

"Oh come on, it wasn't' that bad now was it?" Both her breasts said in unison in identical voices as they turned around to face her. Her heart sank when she then felt her vagina begin to move as well.

"Good morning my humble servant. I got a little bored while you were passed out so I brought the girls to life for some extra fun!" Her pussy exclaimed.

"Wait, so last night wasn't a dream? Oh, fuck!" Lizzie yelled as both her breasts began bobbing up and down with laughter.

"Well of course not dummy." Her left breast said as it turned around and sprayed Lizzie in the face with milk once again. She spits and sputtered, wiping her face while her breasts giggled some more.

"What do you say, girls, wanna show her what that milk of yours can really do?" Her pussy grinned.

"With pleasure." Her breasts said in unison. Lizzie's shorts and panties flew off from her and floated in mid-air just like the night before. Her breasts then sprayed just below her waist as her pussy began lapping it up with its new tongue, making her squirm at the sensation.

"What the hell is going on?!" Lizzie yelled as she suddenly lost control of her legs. She hadn't lost sensation and could still feel everything, but she could no longer control anything from the waist down.

"Oh yeah, that's more like it!?" Her pussy exclaimed as Lizzie's legs began kicking and moving around under her pussy's control. Her legs then stood her up off the floor and her pussy began walking her back to her bedroom.

"Hey!" Lizzie yelled.

"Shut up bitch. I gave you time to nourish yourself. I wanna have more fun." Her pussy said seductively.

"We do too!" Her breasts shouted as they began rotating and bobbing up and down without stopping. Lizzie gasped as her nipples suddenly became just as sensitive as her clit and started rotating again. When back in the bedroom, Lizzie was met by her gloves from the night before. The right glove proceeded to grab her ass while the other dipped two fingers into her pussy, soaking them.

Lizzie flinched and struggled to no avail as the gloves then spread her vaginal juices like a ring around her waist.

"Wait ... what are you..." Lizzie stammered as the other glove spanked her ass.

"You don't ask questions bitch you follow orders", her pussy snapped at her.

Suddenly her body from the waist down began to glow and the gloves began to lift her up from under her arms. Once the glowing subsided, her legs began to walk toward the bed but Lizzie watched in horror as somehow, her lower body from the ass down had somehow separated itself. She never felt anything detach and she still felt everything from the waist down, but her lower body was standing by the bed without her tapping its toes as if waiting on her.

Curiously she brought one hand underneath her torso and felt around to feel skin underneath her as if nothing had ever been there. The same was with the top of her separated lower half.

"Well, come on. Set her down on the bed." Her pussy demanded. The gloves carried her over to the bed and laid her down face up. Her lower half climbed up on top and straddled her face.

"What the fuck have you done to me?! What are you going to do?!" Lizzie yelled in horror.

"Simple. I used some of my magic to free myself from you so that we can have a bit more intimate fun." Her pussy smiled as it forcibly kissed her on the lips. Lizzie flinched and then yelped as her pussy's tongue intertwined with hers. It was the strangest but yet most stimulating feeling she ever had as she felt her own clit being rubbed against her nose. Lizzie had never been more aroused or scared in her life and laid there while her own pussy assaulted her mouth.

"Bitch, I didn't go through this trouble for you to just lay there and take it. Eat me!" Her pussy exclaimed as it spits vaginal juices in her face. Lizzie slowly slid out her tongue and grazed her pussy's entrance, and then gasped as she felt her tongue on her pussy.

"For fuck sake..." her pussy sighed as her lower half wrapped her legs around her head, forcing her mouth onto her pussy. Lizzie jerked as her pussy sucked her tongue out of her mouth and into itself. Seeing no way out other than to comply she started sucking on her clit, while slowly licking her own canal. As strange as this situation was, it felt amazing and she became aroused quick. Her pussy began to moan as it stuck its tongue down her throat. Lizzie gagged as her pussy growled and sucked her mouth harder. Feeling her orgasm build she began sucking her clit harder and she felt her inner walls contract around her tongue.

"Oh goodie she's about to cum, we should join her!" Her breasts yelled as they began squeezing and pumping up and down on their own. Her nipples felt like tiny penises about to ejaculate as her breasts pumped harder.

Lizzie was right at the tip of the iceberg and her orgasm was hitting harder than she ever thought possible. The closer she got, the more her pussy attacked her face like a wild animal. Both Lizzie and her pussy grunted loudly into each other and let out a shrill as her orgasm hit. Her nipples sprayed milk as they somehow had an orgasm of their own and Lizzie choked as her pussy sprayed inside her mouth.

"Mmmhmm, that was good shit." Her pussy said as her lower half climbed off of her. Lizzie's upper half was soaked with vaginal fluids and breast milk as she laid hyperventilating on the bed. Just when she thought she was getting relief, she felt her lower half part it's legs and the vibrating penis from the night before teased her entrance.