 Once upon a time...

Three massive wolves stalked through the village streets, growling and snapping at the frightened citizens that dared peer through their windows. A young beggar ran across the street and the largest wolf, wind rushing through the shining black fur, pounced, pinning him with one large paw and leaning his head down, tearing out the young boy's throat. He let out a howl and his companions joined him, howling up at the moon, full above them. The eldest of the three, who was as black as his nephew, though the smooth fur bore streaks of silver, paused, lowering his gaze to a young woman who stood calmly in the middle of the street. A long hooded cloak of vibrant red silk hung from her slender frame and beneath the hood the wolves caught glimpses of soft blonde curls and blue eyes, dark as the sky above. She stepped back and they stalked closer, sniffing curiously.

"Creatures of the fullest moon, great wolves, I offer myself, my body in exchange for the safety of my village," she called to the three. The third wolf, a handsome brunette, growled, offering a wolfish grin to his pack mates. They seemed to converse among themselves for a moment before approaching the girl. She led them through the village and into the woods, towards a clearing marked by herself and her mother the evening before. Her back never faced them, for she had memorized the route long ago. The alpha stepped forwards, gaze sweeping over the attractive female. She slipped the cloak off, letting the golden waves tumble over her shoulders, almost to her waist. Her lithe frame bore no other cloth, exposed for their pleasure. They circled her slowly and then the brunette nudged his head between her legs, knocking her back against the elder who lay down slowly, lowering her to the ground. She lay there watching as they shifted to the typical appearance of their kind, human in stature, animal in appearance with muzzles and tails still apparent. The three stood over her, growling and snarling, though not in threat, simply in warning, for she knew what was to come.

The alpha took her first, thrusting his hardened length deep within her, claws tearing across the tender flesh of her back. He was delighted to see her enjoying it, eyes closed as she clung to him, legs wrapped as well as they could around his waist. He thrust into her a few more times before jerking out to spray his load across her nude body, howling, his body shaking as more and more left him to coat her pale flesh. He collapsed atop her, licking her chest clean before moving aside to allow the elder his turn. The graying wolf was gentler with their gift, one furry hand pinning her wrists above her head, while the other moved carefully over her exposed breasts, the nipples standing proudly at attention as soon as he touched them. A proud erection poked out of his sheath and he guided it to her entrance, thrusting his hips forwards to penetrate her, his gentle pace the complete opposite of his nephew. He licked her neck as he moved within her, drawing soft gasps and sighs from the full lips. They seemed to inspire the alpha, who promptly moved above her head, offering his already stiffening length to her lips. She accepted eagerly, drawing him into her mouth. He gripped her hair as she suckled gently upon him, watching the elder move his own shaft within this strange girl. Growing impatient, he began to thrust into her mouth, pre-cum oozing into her throat. She swallowed what she could, nearly choking when both he and his uncle came at the same time, filling her mouth and her womb with the thick white cream. They moved away from her, thinking at first that she'd be exhausted, but the girl instead eyed the brunette.

"Bet you'd like me on all fours," she breathed, her voice carrying a sultry tone. The wolf moved forwards as she shifted to her hands and knees. He moved behind her and gripped her hips tightly as he guided his excited man (wolf?) hood towards her entrance. But then he stopped, moving one hand to rub gently at her slit, the juices slick on his fingers. He moved the fingers to the puckered asshole and rubbed the liquid over it. She attempted to crawl away, but he jerked her back towards him, entering her tiny rear in one smooth motion. He seemed to enjoy the cry that passed through her lips, for he pulled back until the tip teased the edge of her hole, then pushed back in, his claws ripping deep gashes in her hips. Picking up a steady rhythm, he slammed in and out of her, listening as the pained cries turned into excited moans and soon enough, the girl was pushing back against him. He reached down and brushed a single claw over her clit. It was enough to push her to climax, the slender body shuddering and jerking beneath him. As her ass clenched around his length, he tensed, then let loose a yowl as he unloaded into her. The wolves cleaned each other and left, leaving the girl shivering in the middle of the clearing, covered in their semen and deeply satisfied.

 * * *