 There's an imperceptible difference between safety and security. One is a lack of danger, and one is just a feeling. What is security without true safety if not a saccharine lie? But likewise, what is safety without security if not a mental prison of invisible torment?

Can one meaningfully exist without the other? Are we ever really safe? Or do we just sometimes choose to forget that the peace and tranquility we experience is in no way reflective of reality, and everything we thought we knew could come crashing down at any second in a cacophonous collapse?

Similar to being woken by my roommate kicking open the bedroom door. I shrieked a bit louder than I meant to and leapt out of bed preparing for the worst. Was this it? Was this the end? Was she finally going to kill me?

"Good morning David." Melissa greeted as she blithely stormed into my room. Recalling the events of the day before, I stiffened in terror as I remembered her showing up to my workplace yesterday, and my cock stiffened upon recalling what had happened shortly thereafter.

Indeed, my roommate was a homicidal witch who had the power to both command and destroy monsters in the palm of her hand, and she had come to the steel mill looking for me yesterday. She had laid down some heavy revelations about my past, before heavily laying me right then and there.

Holy shit, I had sex with my roommate! This was the same woman I'd watched slit peoples throat without batting an eye, and I had thrown her down and fucked her like a sack of potatoes on prom night! What the hell was I thinking?!

Covering my unreasonably optimistic erection, I glanced around for escape routes, before turning my attention to the dangerous spellcaster who stood before me.

She glowered at the room.

"Not much stuff in here." She criticized.

Of course it looked sparse when compared to the train wreck of room she kept. To be fair, I hadn't really brought much of my old life with me when I moved in, so there wasn't much here for me to keep tidy.

"I see you never changed you boxers after work yesterday." She commented. Glancing down, I realized that she was right. "Well aren't you going to do that?" She inquired with a smirk.

"Oh, uh sure." I mumbled out, still trying to wake myself up. But as I crouched awkwardly on the bed waiting for her to leave, she only stood there grinning. "What, like right now?" I stammered.

"Now." She ordered.

"But wait, can't we-" I began

"Do not make me wait David." She warned.

Her voice made me tremble. I was very uncomfortable with stripping in front of this woman. Things could go very badly in a hurry, but if I played my cards right, things could also go quite well. It was a slim chance with a lot that could go wrong, but it was a chance that my foolish pillar of morning wood was clearly willing to extort me into pursuing. She had her arms crossed as she waited. Her possibly naked body hidden under her beige bathrobe, and her intentions hidden behind that amused grin.

Shaking, I slipped my fingers into my boxers, and reluctantly slipped them down. The elastic strap caught on my erection, flinging it back into my stomach with a meaty slap. I blushed as it dangled helplessly in front of her ravenous gaze. I had no idea what she was thinking, while my clueless boner was up and bouncing around with out a care in the world. She could very clearly see it, quietly chuckling at my humiliating arousal. I was completely on display while she remained veiled in disheveled lounge wear and mystery. I wanted to run, I wanted to hide, but I felt like I couldn't even move. I've never felt so exposed.

"Aw." The witch cooed condescendingly. I flinched as she approached, her head only coming up to my waist as I remained standing on the bed. She placed her finger firmly down on the tip of my manhood. I stifled a groan her as she strained it downwards, my erection only painfully hardening under her touch. "Looks like someone neglected to take care of you last night." She teased. I gasped as she suddenly slid her finger off, loudly flicking my cock back into my gut once more.

It was clearly even more amusing to her than it had been the first time. I averted my face in humiliation. But despite the discomfort, my stupid dick was begging for more like a retarded Labrador at a barbecue.

"Why don't you take care of that." She recommended indifferently.

"Okay." I acquiesced sadly. Mostly I was just glad she was going to leave me alone, but a part of me was disappointed she didn't abuse me more. Anything if it meant her putting her hands on my cock again.

Yet to my confusion, she did not walk out the door, instead sauntering over to the laundry basket.

"Well?" She inquired, hands on her hips, standing next to it expectantly. With out her actively holding it closed, her bathrobe drooped open, partially revealing her corpulent, pendulous cleavage, and exposing her bristling genital crevice. "This is where you usually do it, isn't it?" She suggested.

"Wait, you mean now?" I exclaimed.

"What did I tell you about making me wait David?" She reminded me.

I'd had reason to believe she had been spying on me occasionally in my room. Standing next to the place I did my business into, she all but confirmed that she had been avidly watching every time. I'd done some pretty weird shit in here. Acts I was not exactly too proud of. Acts I was not eager to repeat in front of a more active audience, but it looked like if this was to continue, I didn't really have a choice.

Furtively, I got down and removed my boxers from my ankles so I could walk. Leaving them behind at first, she scolded me.

"No, you're going to need those. Go back and get them."

Obeying quickly, I grabbed the dingy undergarments from the bed and dashed back.

Assuming the position over the basket, my roommate leaned against the wall next to it to get an immediate view of my disgrace.

"Now wrap them around yourself." She commanded. I obeyed without question, enveloping the greasy rag around my junk while gripping firmly. "And stroke." She demanded.

With no other option available, I slowly began to pump.

"Good start." She assured me sarcastically.

The witch slid down the wall, spreading her legs into a lurid squat. Her legs spreading to reveal her dark chasm from whence pleasures both profound and profane beckoned enticingly. He fingers crept down her stomach, slowly slinking towards her nether regions.

I could not look away. I wanted them to pounce, to sink into the succulent flesh they patiently stalked, and dig in with reckless abandon. But they held back in cruel refrain.

"I'm not feeling it." She criticized. "When you usually do this, your face looks different. Intense. Angry. And your is mouth always moving, as if your saying something, or talking to someone."

Shit. I normally got a lot of catharsis from bitterly vocalizing my frustrations into the corner while beating my meat into the rags I knew she would rub on her face later. I usually said some pretty fucked up shit. All things considered, this morning had been going pretty well. It certainly could have been going a lot worse, and it could do so very quickly if I were to repeat any of the things I usually said about my roommate to her face.

"I'm not sure what you're talking about..." I lied weakly.

"It seems I was wrong." She responded abruptly, standing up and closing her bathrobe. "This isn't as interesting as I thought. I guess I'll just leave then." She threatened callously.

"No wait I-!" I began, looking about as dumb as I felt with my shorts wrapped around my dick. "I can do it. Just, don't go." I requested weakly.

"Fine." Melissa relented as she crossed her arms and turned away crossly. "But I'm not looking until I hear something worth my time." She warned me.

My cock throbbed through the clothe, beseeching me to hasten my efforts. I attempted to meet its need clumsily. But try as I might, I couldn't get into it without her watching me. The only reason I'd been able to get off in this apartment at all was because I had known, or at least assumed she was watching me.

Now she was undeniably refusing to observe, and I was overtly aware of how I was increasingly; no longer a vengeful inseminator performing for a hungry cum slut, so much as a fucking loser jerking it alone into his own smelly underwear.

Indeed, if this didn't end soon, the fabric was going to make me chafe. I had to give her a taste. I couldn't be completely honest about the things I said because she would probably kill me. But I had to give her something to make her turn around soon, or this was going to go very badly for me.

"Y-you're not a very nice person!" I stammered out.

She blatantly snickered, but did not so much as flinch her gaze from the far corner. I was clearly going to have to do better. So I swallowed my fear as best I could, and tried again.

"I am not happy with you as my roommate." I began. That one only got a condescending grunt. "Ever since I showed up here, you have been nothing but, unkind, unpleasant, and impolite. You have made my life a living hell!" I gradually escalated, increasing the intensity of my grip with the ferocity of my voice.

"Oh? Has it really been that bad?" She inquired, turning her head slightly.

"Oh it's worse!" I rambled as my rage began to pick up momentum. "I have been nothing but civil with you, but you refuse to pick up after yourself, neglect to warn me about the monster growing out of the damn walls, and invite a demon from hell into our fucking living room!"

She whirled around angrily, but I was just getting started. There was no putting the lid back on this one, and the stirring in my balls reflected the imminent nature of the oncoming outburst.

"You steal my laundry, spy on me, refuse to even give me the time of day, and then you fucking expect me to just forget about it and stick my dick in you?!" I demanded.

"Are you saying you're not going to?" Melissa challenged, dropping her bathrobe completely to the floor, unleashing the total splendor of her prolific body upon me at once. It was too much for my balls to handle as their contents vigorously initiated a hasty evacuation.

"You are..." I huffed as the first spurt of cum pulsed out of my throbbing groin. "The worst..." I emphasized, recklessly grabbing her boob as my seminal torrent continued. "Person I have ever met..." I growled as the semen seeped through the cock rag, soaking it around the tip and dripping onto the floor. "You fucking, bitch!" I roared.

Spit went flying from my mouth onto her face from the ferocity of my shout. My dick throbbed weakly as the orgasm faded and silence took it's place.

"Oh fuck, what have I done?" I quietly thought to myself as she stood there glowering. I hastily removed my hand from her breast.

With out a word, she took her finger to the spot where my spittle had landed, and wiped it. From there she took that finger tip and simply brought it to her lips where she licked it clean.

"Feel better?" She smirked condescendingly.

"Well I feel like I-" I began, but my words were cut off as she grabbed my dangling member from where it hung, helpless, sore and sensitive from post orgasm. I cringed, preparing myself for more pain. But she instead pulled the damp cum rag from my aching penis, her caress pervading through the clothe into my trembling manhood, where it sluggishly stirred at the possibility of further stimulus.

My roommate took her prize and left me standing there naked. Her ass rippled as she crossed the room to my bed. Turning to face me, she plopped down and spread her legs once more. Taking my cum sodden boxers, she draped the garments across her face, gaving them an audibly deep and lecherous huff.

"Now that's the good shit." She sighed. "Nice and fresh. Straight from the source." She added as she began to fondle her breast with her free hand. Her finger moved from her nipple, down to her crotch, where she was fully splayed to exhibit her self-pleasuring to me.

My dick sorely complained about being reawoken so soon, but could not help but return to life in the wake of such an overpowering spectacle. I wanted to touch her. I wanted to plunge myself deep within her. But I felt paralyzed as her lusty breaths through the fabric crossed the room and invaded my mind.

My roommate's hips began bobbing and thrusting invitingly under her placative caresses, as she adjusted from rubbing her pudgy clit' to roughly penetrating herself with two, then three fingers. She never took her eyes off me as deep, unabashed moans began to leak from her facade of composure. She seemed on the verge of letting loose unto ecstasy, when she pulled her hand out wetly and gave me a scolding glare.

"Well?" She demanded.

"Huh? Wait, do you want me to-" I began in confusion, was she seriously asking me to fuck her?

"David, I can clearly see that you're ready to go." She accused me, accurately referring to my swaying boner. It had had a lot taken out of it, but was not down for the fight. "I swear to fuck David, this is the third time you've made me wait today. If I have repeat myself one more time, I will fucking kill you." She threatened impatiently.

I didn't need to be told again. Dashing to the bed, I lept upon her. Her mouth hungrily sought my own, plunging into my vulnerable oral orifice. I vigorously lanced my member, seeking pelvic insertion but clumsily crashing into her thighs instead. She exasperatedly snatched my blundering trouser snake and fed me to her ravenous carnal passage. It devoured my meat without restraint, sucking me deep within her fleshy confines.

I drew myself outward slowly, but she locked her legs behind me and forced me back in. She braced her legs around my waist, she bucked her hips as she desired, forcing me to match her pace and intensity.

Indeed, this was the expertise I'd seen a glimpse of through the keyhole that fateful night I'd witnessed her and that nameless suitor, and been thrust headlong into this world of death and debauchery. Were I not protected by my refractory period, I would have lost my seed on the spot. But with a strained grimace, I maintained my performance.

I wrapped my arms around her, I squeezed her covetously as she milked my pounding thrusts below.

"Now that's how I like it!" She yelled jubilantly, still holding that disgusting cum rag right next to my face as she nuzzled it lovingly.

"Can you not do that right now please?" I asked weakly, throwing off my rhythm a little.

"Just let me do my thing, and don't stop humping!" She demanded dismissively.

"Hey, those are my shorts you know!" I complained as reached out and grabbed the cummy underwear. "I didn't say you could use them!" I added giving them a tug, but she maintained her grip against me.

"Yeah? And the fuck are you gonna do about it?" She dared me. We struggled for a few moments, both naked and sweaty and my penis squished around loudly inside of her.

"You know what? Fine!" I snapped, suddenly tearing the boxers from her grip. "You want my dirty dick rag, fucking take it bitch!" I growled, violently cramming them into her face.

She tried to turn her head and pull away, but I didn't let her. Chasing her face with the semen stained garment, I didn't give her even an inch of respite, more so when I resumed my sexual pounding harder than ever.

Her hips bucked instinctively, but she could not even come close to keeping up as she gasped for air. I took the opening and crammed my fingers into her mouth, and slowly began force feeding my roommate her beloved cum rag. She gagged and choked but I didn't let up until the entire thing had been fit into her mouth, cum, sweat, and all. She tried to cough it out, but I just put my hands over her mouth and pushed. She tried to drive me off, she tried to pull away, but my grip remained firm. She desperately pulled air in and out of her nostrils, but the blood vessels in her panicked eyes told me it wasn't enough.

"How's that bitch?! That enough for you!" I barked vengefully.

There she was, without her dagger, without her monster, and without her spells. The look she gave me was one of pure fear, and her moans quickly turned to terrified yelps. I could see her questioning if I'd finally snapped and was really going to kill her. It was foolish to think that Melissa was ever helpless, but I wasn't about to look a gift horse in the mouth, especially not one one choking on dirty shorts.

I felt a tugging at my genitals as Melissa's whole body started clenching, and her legs twitched and flexed with orgasmic euphoria. I forgot how quick this sick slut came when she had her air supply cut off.

Speaking of which, my dick had had just about enough, and was straining for a release as well. Roaring bestially over her muffled screams, my cock echoed her body's powerful grasp as we mutually pulsed, throbbed, and spurted our way to orgasm.

Finally done throbbing, I lost my grip on her face and collapsed. Melissa frantically pulled the now sopping wet boxers out of her mouth, coughing and gasping for air next to me.

I was so exhausted that I blatantly lost my balance and rolled onto the floor next to the bed, but I didn't care, I was far too fucked up to stand again.

We both laid there panting and catching our breath until she finally stood. Realizing that she might be a little upset, I frantically got up and tried to explain myself, but she wasn't having it.

I'd barely gotten two words out when she simply pointed her palm at me menacingly. No sooner had she lifted it than I felt the familiar grip of that thing in the corner wrap its slimy tendrils around me, squeezing the air out of my lungs and straining my bones.

I know that the thing in the corner had known Melissa a lot longer than I he had known me, but was he really willing to kill me? I realized horrifically as Hank's limbs contorted and adjusted to every little movement of her fingers, that Hank didn't have a say in the matter. Hank's independence was instantly stripped away by her malevolent abilities, and every inch of those powerful, sinuous appendages was now under her direct command.

My previous suspicions were correct: Melissa was never helpless. She had been in control the whole time. She'd let me get away with thinking I could do any harm. Just like the hapless suitor from all those nights ago; I had underestimated this woman, and now it was time to pay for crossing her.

I tried to beg for my life, but I couldn't breath. Lifting me off the ground, Melissa adjusted her wrist to force the vine to lean me forward right next to her face.

"If you EVER fuck me like that again..." She began, but paused to to give me the longest kiss she'd ever delivered; sincere in it's passion as the tingling sense of blocked circulating began crawling up my limbs. "I just might have to keep you." She whispered finally.

Her wrist fell as she walked away, and the moment it did, the vines dropped me to the floor in a clamorous thud. It probably would have hurt if my arms and legs weren't numb.

I tried to get up and follow her, but just crashed back to the floor as the blood hadn't returned to my feet yet.

"Wait!" I choked out. She stopped just outside the door, turning back impatiently.

I floundered as I realized that I had no idea what I actually wanted to say. I had so many questions, such as why had she busted in on my bedroom just to demand sex, and why had she waited so long to do so? Was this going to happen regularly, or was this going to be a one time thing?

With her patience wearing thin, I just decided to blurt out the most pertinent question on my mind. "Does this mean you're not going to kill me for having sex with you?"

"If I kill you David, it won't be for that. I might consider killing you for not having sex with me, but never for that." She reassured me. "And you would never see it coming." She added.
