 I went up the wooden stairs of an old hotel heading to my room. There were only two hotels in this remote town. The other hotel were fully occupied and this was my only choice. Earlier on, at the counter, I was told by the old lady in charge that only two rooms were taken. So I made a random choice and took room 107. Upon reaching the top of the stairs, I found out that room 107 was at the far end. The first room was numbered 100, and the adjacent room was 111. There were ten rooms on either side.

The first two adjacent rooms were taken and as I walked pass, there were voices indicating that there were more than one occupants in each room. Then a few doors away I came to room 107. I opened the door and stepped into the stuffy room. Leaving the door ajar, I went straight to unlatched the windows. It was an old fashioned twin window. A gust of wind blew into the room.

I turned around and got a shock of my life as I came face to face with the old lady. She doubled up as a receptionist and the housekeeper. She came in silently and caught me off guarded. She handed me a towel and a mini bar of soap. All the while she was staring at me with very unfriendly look. I took the two items from her and watched her reluctantly walking out. Upon reaching the door, she turned to have another stare at me straight in the eyes. I went to lock the door. What an eerie encounter that was like some scenes in a horror film. 

Feeling fresh after a good bath, I intended to hang around the town. As I walked to the stairs, I noticed the neighbouring rooms were still unoccupied and their doors remained locked. I won't be surprise if no clients checked in after me. The rooms at the second and third floor were rarely taken I presumed. By the poor maintenance of the interiors, one could tell that business wasn't good.

The town was quite busy though it was late in the afternoon. I came across some friends in a cafe. Upon seeing me, they invited me to their table. So there we updated ourselves. There were so many interesting things that took place in my absence. From the afternoon coffee we chatted right to dinner time. We ordered our dinner and it looked like a reunion.

As they wanted to know where I was putting up for the night, I told them the hotel I checked into. One of them suggested the other hotel with a simple reason that mine was dilapidated. I told them that I didn't mind much as I don't have the choice, the other being fully occupied. Our focus was then diverted to our after supper activity, that was a session in one of the pub. So it was pub affair till midnight. I had to leave the group and be back at the hotel before it closed by 12am.

I had to hurry before the hotel closed its door. In cities, hotel operates 24hours, so we do not face problems of being shut out. I reached the main entrance just as the caretaker was preparing to close. She was at the door and didn't even bother to step aside to allow me in. I had to squeeze side ways to get in. I went upstairs and headed straight to my room. The other occupants might have been asleep as it was silent up here.

I took a shower before bed. It didn't take long for me to fall into a good night sleep. I could say the night was peaceful as I had an uninterrupted sleep or was it that I slept like a log. 

The morning sun shone directly into the hotel room. I had the windows opened the whole night as it could be very stuffy inside a box like room. After a shower I was on my way down for breakfast. I went to the nearest cafe and read the morning papers while waiting to be served. I should be on my way to the airport by noon, but somehow I changed my plan to stay for another day. I strolled through the town just to enjoy the busy market scenes. My friends knew of my earlier plan and perhaps they thought I was somewhere at the airport waiting to fly back to my home town.

After an early lunch, I returned to the hotel to extend my stay. The caretaker thought I was checking out, but to her surprise I requested another day and promptly paid for the room. After writing something in the guest book, she handed me a receipt. I proceeded to my room. I saw the first two rooms now vacant with doors wide open. The caretaker who was also doing the housekeeping came up behind me and proceeded to tidy up the rooms. I could be the only guest left though I didn't give it much thought. Probably some guests may check in later.

I was walking pass room 105 when I noticed that the door was ajar. I peeked inside and saw a young woman sitting on the bed. She looked up and smiled. I nodded my head and went straight to my room. I can't help being attracted to her at first sight. She seemed friendly an approachable. I couldn't be sure if she was alone. Somehow I can't get her off my mind. So I started drafting a fool proof plan to approach her. If she should have a partner with her then my approach would be totally casual. So I proceeded to walk by again. If someone was with her then I will just walk straight on like I was heading downstairs.

I took a few slow strides making sure I looked casual enough should I upon any chance might enter her room. The door was still open and I took a peek. She was still sitting on on her bedside. She looked up and nodded her head. I smiled and walked casually in. I started by asking if she had just checked in. She nodded with a smile. You can imagine how her smile melted my heart. Skipping all other casual questions I asked if she was alone to which she answered yes. I felt relieved and took a seat next to her on the side of the bed. She was a person of few words. She didn't asked much. Very soon I had both her hands in mine. As we chatted I was gently massaging her palms hoping she would get the message. I hoped that this body language got across to her. I was so attracted to her that nothing else mattered but to get her laid. I mustn't miss this precious opportunity otherwise there might not be another. 

I walked to the door and had it locked. Walking back to the bed, I sat real close to her. I wrapped one arm around her shoulder to bring her closer. She didn't resist. Words were no longer necessary. I kissed her cheek. She didn't resist but only hung her head and looked very shy. I tried to kiss her lips but she turned her head to avoid my lips. I diverted my kiss to her neck instead. I brushed her neck tenderly with my lips. She responded by clenching her hands. 

Everytime I move my hands to her breast she would remove them. I ended up using my lips to caress her. As I pressed my face flat against her breasts, I could hear her heavy breath. The more I moved my face against her breast, the harder she clung to me. My hands ran all over her body. Her hands were ever ready to catch mine should my hands traveled to her "restricted areas". I had to confuse her defensive hands with my two hands and lips, working all over her sensitive zones. Slowly I managed to free her tits. She really did have a nice round boobs with pinkish tits. 

From her tits I worked my way down to her crotch. There I met some resistance. But after spending more time exploring her sensitive zones between her thighs, I finally managed to remove her panty. Her pubic hair was soft and silky, I guessed she never shave them. Pressing my face hard between her thighs, I managed to slide my tongue to her slit. I had to press my face flat against her soft fleshy thighs to be able to probe her slit with my tongue. When my tongue found her clit, her thighs parted and I could hear her moan a little. Having more space now, I could venture deeper into her pussy with my tongue. She was very wet inside.

Her hands began to wander. While I was giving her an oral job, she found the zip and began undoing my jeans. She held my erect cock and began jerking me. I didn't want to cum in her hand so I quickly pushed her down and went on top of her. Her hand was there to guide my cock. I pushed my cock and felt it sliding slowly into her tight pussy. I began fucking her slowly. 

Her breath was heavy and she moaned every time I pushed the whole length of my cock in. Her legs went up to lock my waist while she pushed her crotch up to allow my cock sink deep inside her pussy. I could feel my time was near, my cum may gush anytime now. I didn't try to delay instead I quickened my tempo and rushed headlong into climax. Ejaculating powerfully into her tight and wet pussy. I guessed she must have cummed too as she loosened her leg grip and lay with knees wide apart. We were both catching our breathes with me on top of her. 

I rose slowly pulling out my soft cock from her pussy. The moment my cock was out, thick cum oozed out of her pussy onto the bed sheet. I washed my cock while feeling very lucky and totally satisfied. I came out of the washroom and began dressing up. She took her turn in the washroom. When we both were done, I planted a kiss on her forehead. Before I walk out, I gave her a single note of $100, 

I proceeded to the nearest cafe to enjoy a cup of coffee. I planned to have an early dinner later and get back to her. I wanted her tonight, the whole night. So I spent the rest of my time at the supermarket going from shelf to shelf with nothing in mine except that young lady.

After dinner I hurried back to the hotel. I didn't notice the caretaker at all. I went straight upstairs. As I came to room 105, the door was closed. I turned the door knob and found it locked. She might have gone out I thought. So I went into my room.  

After an hour, I went to check on her room again. The door remained locked. I tried knocking it but there wasn't any response. I put my ears to the door hoping to catch some sound, but everything was silent. I presumed she was still out there somewhere shopping or having her dinner. Did someone took her out? That thought made me a bit jealous, I preferred to think she was out there alone. I could only wait for her to return.

Pacing up and down the space of my room waiting for the next hour wasn't easy. The clock ticked slowly. It was 8 pm, i went to check on her room again. The door remained locked. I knocked softly but again there wasn't any response. I pressed my ear against the door, not a sound could be heard. I went downstairs. 

The lady at the counter was busy searching for something in one of the drawer. She didn't bother to look up. I didn't want to ask her either. I preferred secrecy. I went out and casually strolled along the pavement hoping to catch sight of that young lady. I came to a cafe and my eyes searched the faces inside. Negative. There were three nearby cafes. She wasn't around. I made up my mind to wait in my hotel room.

The clock at the counter showed 9pm. I went straight upstairs. I walked towards my room. I stopped at room 105. It was still locked. I repeated my actions, turned the knob, knocked and then placed my ear on the door and listened, nothing showed that there was someone inside. I returned to my room and sat on the bed.

One more hour then I'll go to check her out again. Finally the clock on the wall struck 10. I locked my room door and walked over to 105. My heart leapt, the door was ajar. I peeked and saw her looking out of the window.

I entered her room and locked the door behind me. She turned her head and gave me the heart melting look. I joined her at the window. My arm went round her waist and held her close to my body. I asked her where she went. She just gave me a shrug. My hand moved from her waist down to her ass. I gave her ass a gentle rub. My cock stood rock hard.

I stood behind her with my cock touching her waist. I pulled her closer. My right hand reached for her breast while my left reached for the crotch. My hard cock was still trapped in my jeans. I lifted her gown up to her waist with one hand, while the other hand unzipped my jeans. I wrapped my left hand around her waist and with my left hand I held my cock to her ass. I used my cock to move her panty down planning to penetrate her from behind. She turned and move away from the window. I make her rest both hands on the bed, and in that position I slid her panty down to her knees. She did the rest with her legs making her panty dropped to her ankles. I bend my knees to lower myself so that my cock was level to her pussy. She moaned as my cock slid in. Her hands clenched the bedsheets tightly. I parted her soft fleshy ass to reveal her asshole. It was a pinkish rose bud asshole. I touched it and her body arched, she was sensitive there. I managed to push only my finger tip in. I lubricate my finger with her pussy juice and tried again. This time it went in an inch. She wriggled her ass as I tried to probe further. I pulled my finger out and this time I intended to lubricate the whole finger. I took my cock out and inserted my finger into her tight pussy. I ventured a little inside her pussy with my finger reaching as deeply as my finger could. I inserted my finger back in her asshole. She arched her body while her hands clenched hard at the bedsheets. I managed the whole finger in this time. I couldn't move my finger much because her asshole was tight. Leaving my finger there, I proceeded to fuck her. She let out a moan as my cock penetrated her again. I felt her asshole tightened, so I responded by finger fucking her asshole. She wriggled her ass signalling me to resume my cock action.

I fucked her more vigorously this time. Her asshole tightened once more and her moan became louder. Her moans now became oohs and aaahs. I fucked on and this time I felt the urge to ejaculate built up in me. I made a final thrust and exploded inside her. The throbbing were strong making my body jerked each time my cum shot into her. I didn't observe how she got along all this while as I was engulfed in my own desire. When the frequency of my throbbing ejaculation lessened, my focus returned to her asshole. There I could still feel with my finger the sporadic throb of her asshole. I withdrew from her and headed to the washroom. She followed me in. She helped me wash. Taking my soft cock in her hand she gently ran water over and delicately cleaned it. 

I put my clothes on and gave her $200. She took the notes and stuffed it back into my jean's back pocket. I told her I wanted her to have it but she just shook her head. I held her hands and planted a kiss on her forehead. She looked sad. I told her I would see her the next day. So I left her room.

I woke up and the clock on the wall showed that it was 10.30am. I took a quick shower. I packed up my bag and planned to have coffee first. I left my bag in the room and went out for coffee. The door of room 105 was locked. I knocked but there was no answer. So I proceeded downstair.

Passing by the counter the lady asked if I was checking out. I told her I would come back for my bag then I will checkout. I went to have my breakfast. A pat on my shoulder shocked me. I looked up and saw one of my friend, a local guy in this town. He was surprised that I actually haven't left. If he knew I was still around last night he would have invited me out.

He sat down to join me for coffee. He was surprised I didn't change hotel. He told me that given a chance, nobody would want a second night there. According to him, the hotel was haunted. I probed further and was told that a young lady used to come to this town to see her boy friend. She was deeply in love to him. They were all set for engagement. One day she travelled here to see him. She couldn't find him so she asked around. Then someone she knew through her boy friend told her that her man had left town with his former lover to work abroad. She was so devastated that she returned to the hotel and took her own life. The town was abuzzed the following morning when the hotel cleaner found her hanging in her room. The door wasn't locked and that made the cleaner easily spotted her. I wasn't easily convinced by this friend because he was a known joker. Then he added with a chuckle, you should have taken room 105. That was the room where they found her hanging from the ceiling fan. I almost choke when he mentioned room 105. You're a real joker I told him. I stood up and shook his hands. Told him that I should be on my way and we parted with a goodbye.

I hurried back to the hotel. I went upstairs and took my bag. Room 105 was locked. I knocked but there was just silence. An eerie feeling crept up my spine. I hurried down to the counter. I handed the room key to the lady at the counter. She thanked me and commented that I should have had a good night sleep. Being the only occupant in the hotel, since the other two rooms were vacated yesterday morning, I should have enjoyed the total privacy and tranquility upstairs. I asked her again to be totally sure, that I was the only occupant since yesterday. She replied with a confident yes. She showed me the guest book. My name was the last in the guest book. Why? She asked, did you see anyone up there?

I didn't answer her but my face might have said it all. I was agaped and ashened faced when I heard her statements. I had not only encountered a ghost but had taken her for a real person.