 Present day

The sire vampire had seen the young man make eye contact in the club.

He was at the club for two reasons — to find a young man to fuck, and then to Turn him.

The other three vampires in his coven — Adrian, Carden and Kieran, all appearing young, all handsome — were elsewhere in the club, waiting for their leader to make his pick. 

The sire introduced himself as Magnus. His target said his name was Mikhail.

Magnus chose well. Mikhail was almost impossibly handsome and fit, with dazzling sky blue eyes. His pants fit tightly on his lean muscled legs, with a suggestive bulge between his legs. He wore a similarly tight black shirt. He was lean, chiseled muscle from head to toe.

Magnus had to resist an urge to fuck him right there in the club. He would have plenty of time to ravage him, all four of them. And then Magnus would Embrace him, and the beauty would be his forever.

Magnus bought Mikhail a drink, surreptitiously spiked with the date rape drug. He watched Mikhail fall under the influence of the alcohol and the drug.

Once Mikhail said he needed some air, Magnus led him out the door, followed by the other three.

Once outside, the four held up Mikhail as they walked to where they were going. It looked as if the four vampires were simply helping their drunk friend, which was slightly correct. 

They went to an abandoned church. The four walked in, and the last closed the door. Adrian produced a cigarette lighter, lit it, and walked up to the altar. The flame was the only light in the building, until he lighted four candles on stands off each corner of the red cloth-covered altar.

They lay Mikhail down on the floor and removed his clothes. Even in the flickering light Magnus could see Mikhail's smooth body as his shirt was pulled over his head, the globes of his ass and his cock bobbing as his pants were pulled off, and his neck, where Magnus' fangs would drink in the Embrace to cement Magnus' newest possession. 

The other vampires took off their clothes. Their cocks hardened as they anticipated what was to come, looking with lust at Mikhail's body, feeling the Hunger rush through their veins.

Magnus went to the other three, He grabbed each of them by the back of their head and kissed them hard. Their cocks touched as he simultaneously excited them, holding their cocks together as his tongue pushed deeply into their mouths, to remind them who would lead the Embrace, and who led them.

The four went to Mikhail, lying on the ground. The only sound had been his soft moaning.

Two vampires picked up Mikhail by his feet, while the third and Magnus picked him up by the shoulders. Magnus held Mikhail's head as they slowly walked to the altar, head in front.

The four reached the altar, walked up the three steps, then rotated to lay Mikhail lengthwise on the altar. His legs were opened with his feet pulled to opposite corners of the altar. His arms were stretched open the same. His cock lay on his stomach, pointed to his head, growing. He was not restrained. The drug ensured he wouldn't resist until his body overruled his mind.

Magnus began to breathe harder as he regarded the beauty. He ran his hands over Mikhail's chest feeling his heartbeat, strong but getting faster. He bent down and took the nipple over Mikhail's heart into his mouth.

Magnus stood up and ran a finger along Mikhail's lush lips, and smiled when the lips pursed, reaching out to the contact. Magnus pushed the finger into Mikhail's mouth, running it along his teeth, touching his tongue, pushing down his throat, previewing how Mikhail would service the coven.

Magnus' own cock was rock hard, as it was when he fucked and then Embraced the other three vampires waiting to follow him to plunge into Mikhail's body. The moment when he sank his fangs into a throat while he was inside a pussy or ass produced a sensation around his own cock that was almost other-worldly.

Magnus rolled Mikhail over onto his stomach. He ran his hands over Mikhail's neck and shoulders, including the wings of a tattoo that covered both shoulders. Magnus then traced Mikhail's spine down to the cleft of Mikhail's ass. He then ran his middle finger between Mikhail's buttocks. He traced the outline of Mikhail's anus, and smiled when he felt a slight shudder. He pushed his finger inside, and watched Mikhail arch his ass to invite him in further.

Mikhail's balls hung down between his legs. Magnus caressed them, then he rolled Mikhail back onto his back. Mikhail's cock sprang upward, now moving imperceptibly with his quickening pulse.

Magnus put his hand over Mikhail's groin, holding his balls with the tips of his fingers. His thumb and index finger formed an O around his cock. Magnus' middle finger reached behind Mikhail's balls to reach the nerve between his balls and his ass.

Magnus lowered his lips to Mikhail. Magnus ran his tongue along his boy's lips, then pushed inside, all the while fondling his genitals. Mikhail arched his hips to push further into Magnus' hand. Magnus squeezed Mikhail's cock, making it even more engorged with blood, as Mikhail breathed faster and harder.

Magnus looked at Adrian. He came over and placed his hand on Mikhail's genitals, replacing Magnus. Magnus went over to the side of the altar, where Mikhail's head lay. He took Mikhail's head in his hands, and gently touched his cock to Mikhail's lips. 

As if by instinct, Mikhail's tongue reached out and touched his seducer's cock. Magnus pushed in farther, the head of his cock pushing through Mikhail's lips. Magnus reveled in the sensation. Soon Magnus' cock was fucking Mikhail's mouth all the way to his throat.

Magnus looked at Carden and Kieran. They were French kissing each other, their cocks touching each other's. Magnus then looked at Adrian. He lowered his head to Mikhail's hard cock, and started licking his cock. Mikhail arched as he was being fellated, and as he did Adrian's middle finger pushed into his ass.

Magnus got up and went to the other side of the altar. He got up on the altar and picked up Mikhail's legs, opening them. 

He crept forward on his hands and knees, then pulled Mikhail's legs back to expose his ass. He lay between Mikhail's legs and resumed kissing, their cocks touching as Magnus started to thrust his hips as though he was fucking Mikhail.

Mikhail breathed harder and faster and then jerked, climaxing, his cock shooting out white fluid, 

Magnus leaned back, lifted Mikhail's feet into the air, and pushed his cock, covered in Mikhail's cum, into Mikhail's ass.

He pushed into him as he lowered himself to Mikhail's face again, kissing and licking himi as his cock pushed deep into Mikhail. Mikhail's genitals bounced forward every time Magnus thrusted inside him, getting hard again.

The sensation was incredible as Magnus pounded Mikhail's ass, his balls slapping Mikhail's buttocks. It was what made turning males better than females, the unnatural nature of raping a boy, made more exciting with an unwilling victim, just as had done with the other three vampires waiting their turn. Their sexual preference at the beginning of the night didn't matter: Magnus had then cumming into the air as Magnus ravaged their asses, and then fed from them, their asses throbbing around Magnus' cock.

Mikhail's legs were wrapped around Magnus' ass to pull him in farther as though being fucked was more important than breathing. Magnus pushed into Mikhail's heat until he could hold back no more.

Magnus arched and climaxed, letting out a blood curdling scream as he let go. Mikhail orgasmed again, shooting his cum on his own chest.

Magnus lay on top of Mikhail, enjoying the sensation of his cum flowing into Mikhail, kissing him tenderly. Then he got up to to let the other three vampires rape Mikhail. Magnus flipped Mikhail over, face down, ass up. Kieran immediately jumped onto the altar, opened Mikhail's buttocks and plunged his cock into Mikhail's ass, lubricated by Magnus' cum.

After Kieran seeded him Adrian then got behind Mikhail and pulled his hips back and then pushed into his ass, taking Kieran's place. Kieran walked to Mikhail's face, pushing his cock into Mikhail's mouth. Carden got behind Adrian, kissing and licking the vampire before he pushed his cock into Adrian's ass. Adrian turned behind him and kissed Carden while Adrian himself thrusted into Mikhail's ass.

They took turns raping Mikhail's face and ass, filling his mouth and ass with their seed. The only sounds were flesh slapping flesh and the grunts, groans and cries of sexual release.

After three rounds of fucking and climaxing, Magnus turned Mikhail over onto his back, his cock again pointing at the ceiling. He opened Mikhail's legs and swiftly pushed his cock inside Mikhail's ass again. Mikhail's legs raised to allow Magnus to impale him, testicles up to the globes of Mikhail's exquisite ass. 

Then Magnus bit down on Mikhail's neck. His fangs punctured the blood vessel and the sweet, salty taste of blood flowed into Magnus' own bloodstream. Magnus felt Mikhail's ass close on his cock, throbbing, warm, wet, soft yet tight.

The other three vampires were overcome by their own Hunger. Adrian bit down on the opposite side of Mikhail's neck. The other two found veins on the back of Mikhail's knees and fed there.

They fed for several minutes. Mikhail bucked and orgasmed again. Magnus climaxed again. He was feeding on Mikhail and returning it with his cum.

Magnus ended feeding, pulled out of Mikhail's ass and looked into Mikhail's eyes to see his soul's surrender to his new lord. The other vampires stopped feeding, knowing Magnus wanted to Turn Mikhail, not kill him.

None of the vampires feeding on him noticed that their bite marks healed immediately. Mikhail's eyes were closed.

Magnus heard a crashing sound and turned to look. Adrian collapsed to the ground, his eyes wide, breathing hard. And then he stopped breathing.

While Magnus stared at Adrian, Carden slipped to the floor on the opposite side. Kieran stared at Carden, then followed him a few seconds later.

Magnus got off the table and went to Kieran. Blood covered his mouth. Kieran looked at Magnus, and then his open eyes saw nothing 

Magnus felt his heartbeat accelerate. His chest tightened. Breathing became progressively more difficult. He stumbled, fell down the steps leading to the altar, and then lay still. His eyes stared at the ceiling, empty.

Moments later Mikhail opened his eyes, still dizzy from the rape drug and weak from blood loss, his naked body covered in blood and semen, his stomach rolling

He swung his legs to a sitting position, waited until the room stopped spinning, waited longer until he felt he could stand without collapsing, waited still longer until he felt he could move without vomiting, and then carefully got off the altar avoiding tripping over a vampire's body. He stood and breathed deeply for a minute, then looked around the room.

The candlelight danced over the bodies of four naked dead young men, mouths covered in blood, cocks still turgid, eyes open but not seeing, having died without understanding what was happening to them.

The abandoned church had a chair, presumably used by the minister, behind and to the side of the altar. Mikhail picked up the chair and then suddenly smashed it against the nearest wall. It shattered into several long pieces. He picked up one with a sharp end and then walked over to Magnus' body.

Mikhail stood over Magnus, who initiated his rape hours earlier. He picked up the sharp piece of table and thrust it into Magnus' heart. He grabbed more wood and repeated the process with the bodies of Adrian, Carden and Kieran.

Suddenly a screaming sound, followed in succession by three others, filled the abandoned church. The dead souls of the four vampires abandoned their bodies. A giant spinning cloud formed over their bodies, blowing around every loose item in the church. Mikhail stumbled backward and fell as the cloud became a tornado, shaking the old church and bouncing Mikhail off the ground before the tornado retreated into the ceiling of the church and then disappeared, abruptly ending the demonic chord.

Mikhail got up, his ears ringing. The bodies were still there, but they were macabre dried mannequins, drained of all liquid, looking like dust-covered ancient leather.

Magnus and the other vampires' bloodlust had found a carrier of Sangue Debolezza, the vampire disease. Their exposure to Mikhail's blood through sex and feeding had fatally sated their lusts. Those who raped Mikhail's ass saw the tattoo of wings on his back without realizing that the wings belonged to an avenging angel.

In a blessing falling asleep, grant, o Lord, eternal rest unto Thy departed servants and make their memory to be eternal.

Mikhail looked at the four carcasses, each with a wooden stake in the middle. Sangue debolezza or not, he wanted to make sure the vampires were permanently dead.

Memory eternal! Memory eternal! Memory eternal!

Mikhail then went to the altar around which the four candles were still burning. He took one and ignited the red covering of the altar. The fire came to life with a whoosh, brightening the room. He used that candle and the remaining three candles to light anything that seemed flammable on fire. 

As the fire began to consume the building Mikhail found his pants and boots and put them on over his dried blood and semen covered skin. He grabbed the black leather jacket Magnus had worn and put it on rather than walking through the night with his torso covered in blood. 

He left the beginning of the inferno, closing the door.

By the time Mikhail walked back to where he lived, there were two glowing parts to the night sky — the church on fire, and the first hints of sun in the eastern horizon.

Mikhail unlocked and opened the door to his house, walked inside, closed the door and locked it. He leaned against the door for several moments, eyes closed, before quietly walking to the bathroom. 

He grabbed a mug and poured himself a beer from the tap in his kitchen. In the bathroom he turned on the shower, took his clothes off, and got in. He turned the water as hot as he could stand.

He watched as the blood washed down his body, some flowing off his cock, and swirled down the shower drain, followed by his urine. He soaped up all the parts of his body he could reach, including between the cheeks of his ass.

Then he sat down on the floor of the shower, water flowing over him, arms wrapped around his legs, head resting against his knees, eyes closed. His penis, hanging out from between his legs, stung slightly from the water and soap flowing over abraded skin.

The vampires' sexual selfishness had gotten them killed, he thought. None of them had orally serviced him, and none offered their own asses to him. The one who would have caught the disease would have warned the others, but they were so focused on fucking and feeding that their hunger and Hunger ended their lives.

Mikhail lay back in the bathtub, letting the hot water beat on his sore body. He had been drugged, raped and bitten, but he was still alive. Four vampires had fed their urges for the last time.

When the water stopped feeling scalding he shut off the water and got out, toweling off his body, skin now red from the hot water. 

He finished his beer, turned off the light in the bathroom, walked to his bed and got in.

"How did it go?"a sleep-filled voice asked.

"Fine," he said.

"How many?"

"Four."

There was no audible reaction, but he could guess the silent reaction. "Are you all right?"

"Yes."

The voice slid over to Mikhail's side of the bed. It was too dark to see her dazzling sea green eyes, but Mikhail knew they were there. It was too dark to see her porcelain body and her full breasts, but he could feel those on top of his body. Despite his fatigue, his cock stirred.

"I love you," she said, and kissed him hungrily. She pushed the sheets off, found his growing cock, and put it at the entrance of her vagina.

It found the rest of the way in. They made love as the sun started to reach the horizon and fire trucks raced to a burning old church. The four corpses inside would never be discovered, their ashes assumed to be part of the wreckage from the fire.