 One year earlier

Mikhail Barrachiel lay on the bed in the hospital operating room, naked and alone, both in the room and in the larger sense of his life.

From the observation area one floor above, a group of doctors viewed him, on the bed, his eyes closed. He looked about 20 years old, a specimen of male beauty to fuel fantasies of women and gay men. He had dark thick hair and tan skin, offset by dazzling cerulean eyes. He appeared to have hardly any fat on his young body.

He had spent more than a day on the bed, isolated from the rest of the hospital, while undergoing tests, frequently painful, to explain what had happened to him, or more accurately had not happened to him, one day earlier.

"It's quite extraordinary, Dr. Derocher," said one male scientist, whose full beard offset his lack of hair. "We have never seen anything like this. We wouldn't have thought this possible until we found him."

Mikhail's family had been attacked by vampires in their home. His parents were dead. His twin sister was missing, feared victim of The Embrace and turned into a vampire like their attacker.

But if that was the case, she was still alive somewhere, and Mikhail was definitely alive here. The vampire who attacked them was not.

"You're certain that the vampire is dead, Dr. Pallas?" asked Derocher, who also had a beard but had a flowing head of gray hair. "How can you be sure?"

"Based on our tests and our scientific knowledge of vampirism, there is no way he could be reanimated," replied Pallas. "Not with all of his internal organs burst from within."

"Cause of death?"

"He wasn't killed by the usual means - stake to the heart, silver, fire, water, sunlight. All his major organs burst; death was by internal bleeding."

"So the vampire bled to death."

"Yes, the irony did not escape us doctor.And whatever caused that was is a means we have not seen before."

"Perhaps Sangue Debolezza," said a female scientist. She wore a lab coat, like all the scientists. Her severely pulled back hair and glasses obscured her attractiveness, including her dark eyes.

"The vampire disease?" said Derocher. "That's a myth, Dr. Darrah."

"A myth, or just something we don't know about?"

"Well, I admit we have had no opportunity to determine if it even exists."

"Well, I submit we have that opportunity right now," said Darrah. "From what we see from the body there is no reason the vampire should be dead. And yet he is. There is no reason this boy should be alive given the circumstances. And yet he is."

"You're certain he is not a vampire?"

"Would you like me to stab him through the heart for you?"

Pallas smiled. "That would be foolish. Our young man may be the most valuable person in the world for our objective."

"What do we know about him?" asked Derocher.

"Other than his surviving a vampire attack that his family did not, we don't know much," said Pallas. "He is 18 years old; he certainly seems to be in fine health."

"We've tested his blood extensively," said Darrah. "We cannot determine that he is a carrier of a disease when we don't know what the disease looks like in the blood. His organs all appear normal" — especially his genitals and his rear, which look much better than normal, she thought to herself — "but there is something in his blood that we can't identify. It's neither red cells nor white cells. It's not an infection or a disease; his white cell count is normal."

"Do we know that the vampire attacked him?"

"That's what he said happened." She paused. "We know one other thing he told us. ... He was raped. By the vampire."

"Raped?"

"It took us some time to get that out of him. We found semen in his rectum and on the skin near his anus. The blood in the semen is an exact match for the vampire's. Between the sexual contact and the feeding, the vampire may have picked up the disease ... if that's what it is. It appears as though he died quickly ... and I imagine painfully."

She didn't mention another detail, that they had also found semen from the boy on the boy's body. Based on the physical evidence he had ejaculated during the vampire's attack.

"Interestingly, he said the vampire bit him — and we have no reason to doubt him — but there are no bite marks," she added. "That could mean he's ... mistaken about the bite ... or that the bite healed itself. There are no injuries consistent with an anal sexual assault either, though one clearly occurred based on the semen evidence."

"This discovery has two possible ramifications, and both of them are enormous," said Pallas. "If he is a carrier of Sangue Debolezza, he is the only person we know of who can not only survive a vampire attack, but kill a vampire who attacks him, by natural means."

"The other, and we still have to determine this," said Darrah, "is whether a lower dose of the disease might cure vampirism. Sort of a homeopathic treatment, or similar to using a weakened disease as a vaccine."

"There is no cure for vampirism," said Derocher.

"There was no known survivor of a vampire attack until today," said Pallas.

"How are we going to validate your theory?"

Pallas and Darrah looked at each other. "We're still working on that. Sangue Debolezza was a theory until, well, right now."

"Intriguing," DeRocher finally admitted. "Potentially extraordinary indeed. What are your next steps?"

"More tests," said Pallas. "Dr. Darrah will be supervising them."

"I eagerly wait the results. We've thought we've had breakthroughs before."

"Indeed. But if vampirism were incurable, we'd all eventually be dead."

Pallas, Derocher and Darrah all left the observation area to walk back to Pallas' office.

"I'm going to check in on our ... patient," said Darrah, turning toward a stairway down to the first floor as Pallas and Derocher moved to an elevator.

Darrah walked down the stairs, feeling progressively worse as she descended. Not for their potential breakthrough, but for the subject of their work.

Darrah pushed open the doors of the operating room. It was the most convenient place to do tests of an extensive nature on a live patient. But it had been set off from the rest of the teaching hospital — the room was off limits to all but those from the project. And so the day after the worst trauma of his life, Mikhail had stayed there most of the day, naked and alone, not even fed.

She didn't exactly know what his new loneliness was like, but she knew loneliness. Her work was her life. The world needed to be rid of vampires, and she'd made sacrifices in pursuit of that goal that had given her a solitary existence, so work substituted for her non-work life. 

Tears filled her eyes as she looked at Mikhail. She felt empathy for him that she rarely felt for the subjects of her research. He was so beautiful, and now he was all alone in the world.

His eyes were still closed. He seemed to be asleep, his hands folded behind his head. His lying on the bed showed the fine definition of his chest. His body was hairless except for a dark fringe of pubic hair, through which his penis lay, resting just below his navel.

She had seen literally every inch of his body that day, including his back, as well defined as his chest, and his tight muscular ass. Thanks to the tests she had seen all of the inside of his body too. X-rays, MRIs, CAT scans, blood work, bone marrow samples — everything that could be determined about him in a physical, medical sense, they knew, with one exception that she was there to secure..

They also didn't know what he was going through. His parents were dead, and his sister was missing, and because of that his life had changed forever. It was probably changing even more than he knew, but she knew.

He had said little the entire day. He had endured the tests without expressing pain or discomfort though she knew there was plenty of each in some cases.

She touched his face. His eyes opened. He blinked, and then the dazzling eyes focused on her.

"I'm sorry I woke you," she said, blinking away the tears.

"It's all right," he said. "There isn't much else to do here."

She looked at his body, the sculpted midsection, the chiseled legs, and ... his genitals.

The hypothesis she had formulated since the potential discovery of Sangue Debolezza and that he might be a carrier was that it could be transmitted through exposure to a carrier's blood, and perhaps other bodily fluids, possibly similar to sexually transmitted diseases. Urine was sterile, but semen was not. Semen carried with it fructose, amino acids, citric acid phosphorous, calcium, sodium, zinc, potassium and magnesium ... and blood.

Might it also carry the disease to a vampire? Or might a small amount of the disease cure the disease?

The first way to find out was to see if it was indeed transmitted through another source of blood besides blood — semen.

"We have another test," she said, walking over to the door. She locked it. And then she walked back to the bed and took off her lab coat. "It's not like the others."

She licked her lips. She was there to obtain a semen sample. How she was going to obtain it was not exactly science. Nor was it something she was used to doing. She obviously knew how men and women had sex, but because she was a scientist, not out of her social life. Though she had had encounters with men and women, she had never had sex with a man to intercourse.

She took off her glasses and set them aside, then pulled her surgical scrub top over her head, revealing a white bra. She then pulled off her scrub bottoms, revealing white underwear.

He stared at her.

"It's all right," she said. She stared back at him and then finally said, haltingly, "You are so ... beautiful."

She put her hand on his face. "It's all right," she repeated.

And then she carefully got on the bed, on top of him, and kissed him. First tentatively, then more firmly.

Mikhail had been raped and bitten by a vampire one day earlier. He didn't say it had made him orgasm, but he now believed she knew that it had. Now she was kissing him, and he started to respond between his legs.

He started to respond more between his legs when she put her hand there. And then she rose up, reached behind her, and removed her bra. Her full breasts spilled out. Then she let her hair down. It cascaded over her shoulders. The scientist transformed herself into a woman who was going to be Mikhail's first lover, not the vampire who raped him one night earlier.

She returned to her lab coat and produced a small square package. She looked at him, and then pulled off her underwear. She was now as nude as he was.

She said nothing, but got back on the bed with him. They kissed again, this time more urgently. She could feel his heart race, and it made her heart beat faster. She took his free hand and put it on her breast over her heart. She could feel his erection start to bounce off her thigh. She held her breast up to his lips. From 18 years earlier, when he was a baby, he knew to suck on her nipple. It made her wet between her legs, along with the forbidden nature of what they were doing and her realization that she was turning him on.

She broke off the kiss and then crawled underneath him on the bed, looking into those eyes the entire time. She opened her legs and rubbed his ass. His cock and balls hung down, the cock firm. She opened the package, removed the condom, and quickly rolled it on his erect penis. The plain condom would collect the semen she needed for her sample, but she, and he, would get much more than that.

She took his penis in hand and pushed it inside her as far as her clitoris. She rubbed it along her clit and arched at the sensation. Her legs widened as she rocked as his cock made the woman go wild.

Her hand went off his cock. He started pushing in and out himself. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his hips, her hands running down his back and ass. The natural urge that produced more than 100 trillion babies overtook both of them. Nothing else mattered but he to her and she to him.

She broke off the kiss to breathe harder and harder as her orgasm, denied for far too long, overtook her. For only the second time in his life, but for the second time in as many days, the pressure in his balls could wait no more. He thrusted hard into her, then arched his hips as his orgasm overtook him, and his sperm came shooting out into the condom.

Finally he lay on top of her between her legs, spent. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him on the lips. She held his head on her chest, rubbing his back. From where she lay she saw over his muscled back to his ass between her spread legs.

She reached between her legs and carefully removed the condom from his penis. It was full. She looped the open end to not lose any and tied it off. She reached over to a table next to where they lay.

He looked into her eyes. She thought if he asked her to do anything, she'd do it instantly and without a second thought.

So she didn't have to think about it, she kissed him — a long, deep kiss.

She then put her hand up on his face as he looked down at her.

"Now it's just us," she said.

He smiled. It was the first time she had seen him smile. It melted her heart. Her legs reopened. She could feel him grow hard again. This time, just for her.

The next day, in the lab, Darrah looked in the microscope, then stood up with a rush.

The hypothesis was proven correct. The same mysterious cells in his blood, which they now knew to be Sangue Debolezza cells, were present, though only about one-fourth as many. He carried Sangue Debolezza in his semen.

And she in her own womb, she thought, given that they had made love twice more, unprotected by condom, the previous night — a second time in the operating room, and then back in his room, where there was less chance of their being discovered. The third time she went on top of him, impaling himself on his cock, her breasts bouncing as she went up and down his manhood. After they had climaxed a third time, they slept, her on top of him. She got up and left the hospital around dawn, while he was still asleep, blaming her disheveled appearance from working all night. As with all convincing lies, it had some semblance of truth.

The next step would be to see if indeed Mikhail, now known to be immune from vampire bites, could cure a vampire. Inside a room on another floor was the body of the vampire that had attacked Mikhail and his family. But there was also another vampire — a woman, kept in a tank full of water to keep her in suspended animation, but not to kill her. The next test would be to see if Mikhail could bring back the woman from the undead.