 It was time to find out if years of research and days of intensive research in an unexpected direction would work.

Mikhail was standing in a room in the hospital looking down at a shallow tank filled with water, and a nude body of a female vampire, skin white against the clear water. Her long blonde hair floated around her face. Her sea green eyes were open, and she stared out, disconcerting him.

"We kept her in here so she couldn't awaken," said Darrah. "She's still alive. She won't awaken until we let her out."

Next to the tank was a padded table with restraints hooked to the legs of the table at each corner.

"We'll take her out and restrain her," she said. "We can't have her bite you. Or me."

"I thought I couldn't be hurt by vampire bites," he said. 

"You can't. She can ... by you. Your blood will kill her if she bites you. But a little of your blood, in your semen ... it might cure her."

She walked toward a wall phone. "I'll get help to get her out."

"No," he said. "I'll do it."

He reached down into the tank, picked up her body, and lifted her out of the water, which cascaded over her nude body back into the tank.

He carried her onto the table and set her down. Darrah put the restraints on her ankles and her wrists.

She, too, was beautiful, in an icy blonde sort of way. She was taller and thinner than Darrah. She looked to be in her 20s, perhaps a few years older than Mikhail.

Or at least she was four years ago.

"We've had her here for four years," said Darrah. "Her name is Natassa."

Darrah noticed that Mikhail, naked again, was getting aroused. She felt a twinge of sadness that he was becoming excited by another woman, and yet his arousal also excited her.

Or something did. There was a presence in the room that felt almost physical. Darrah could feel her nipples hardening. Her heart was beating faster and harder. She could feel without touching that she was starting to get wet between her legs.

Suddenly a vision appeared in Darrah's head. Mikhail was lying on the bed. Natassa was on top of him, lowering herself on his hard cock, her breasts bouncing, her hair flying.

The vision changed. Mikhail was down on all fours on the floor. One man, who looked as young and as handsome as Mikhail, was fucking Mikhail in the ass. Another similarly handsome man had his cock down Mikhail's throat. The two men fucking Mikhail in turn had men behind them fucking them in the ass. Natassa was lying on Mikhail's back, pulling his erect cock, milking it like a farmer would milk a cow by hand, as Mikhail spilled his semen on the floor.

Darrah heard a voice in her head. He's mine.

The vision changed again. Now Darrah was on the bed, her legs open, gyrating in ecstasy as Natassa licked her to orgasm. Mikhail was behind Natassa, fucking her, pumping her full of his cum.

The vision changed again. Natassa, standing, picked up Darrah and held her in her arms in the air like picking up a child. They kissed. Natassa held her impossibly high as her tongue snaked out and penetrated Darrah's pussy.

The vision changed again. Mikhail was on top of Natassa, fucking her. Darrah head was between Natassa's legs, licking as Mikhail thrusted inside, drinking Mikhail's cum and Natassa's juices, then licking Natassa's ass, her tongue down between her buttocks.

Darrah heard the voice again. You're mine.

Now Mikhail was fucking Natassa again. As he pumped inside her, Natassa bit him on the neck. Natassa screamed and a baby was born, emerging from between her legs. It was Darrah, nude, first kneeling, then lying on her back, spreading her legs, offering herself. Natassa picked up Darrah and embraced her, their lips touching, their tongues battling for sexual control. Natassa bit Darrah on the neck, then Mikhail bit her on the other side of her neck.

You're mine.

Darrah looked down at Natassa. She hadn't moved. Then she looked at Mikhail. His eyes were wide open. His cock stood at attention, its head shiny with precum. She knew his mind had seen the same things hers had.

"We need to revive her," said Darrah. "I'm going to try breathing into her mouth."

Darrah started taking off her clothes, her vision cloudy in her sexual haze.

"What are you doing?" asked Mikhail.

Darrah took a deep breath, ready to do something beyond reckless.

"I'm going to get her to bite me," she said.

"What?"

"I'm going to wake her up, and she's going to bite me. Then you ... fuck me. Make sure I don't bite you, but make sure you cum. And if it works, fuck her too."

"That's crazy." That was an understatement. "What if it doesn't work?"

"Then let me bite you."

"You'll die!"

She paused, now naked. "Yes, my love." Then she went to him and kissed him hard.

Darrah bent down, opened Natassa's mouth, covered her mouth with her own, and exhaled into her mouth. Then she stood up.

"She may be a little confused when she awakens," said Darrah.

For a few moments, nothing happened. Then Natassa breathed in a huge lungful of air. Her eyes popped open wide, frantically looking around the room. She tried to get up, found she couldn't, and started struggling wildly against the restraints.

Darrah became worried that Natassa would break the restraints. Even though she was weakened from four years of not feeding, vampires were still stronger than humans.

Natassa opened her mouth and hissed at them. Her fangs were the first thing Darrah saw. Despite herself, she flinched backward.

Darrah licked her lips, her skin flushed from a combination of excitement, arousal and fear. She moved from next to Mikhail to the end of the table where Natassa's legs were. She gently but firmly pushed her knees open. She reached toward Natassa's groin, covered from above with fine golden hair, and touched inside her lips. She found the spot that she had taught Mikhail to find, and ran her finger up and down.

Once Natassa's legs were open Darrah started fondling Natassa's breasts with her free hand. She bent down to lick and suck Natassa's nipples. 

Natassa's hips moved in rhythm to Darrah's stroking, and she turned her chest toward Darrah's teasing mouth.

Natassa exhaled and then inhaled loudly, arching her upper body as Darrah stroked her. Her breathing became deeper and faster and louder. 

Natassa gave a hoarse cry as her body convulsed in orgasm.

Darrah then got up on the table opposite Natassa's body. She bent down and followed her finger to Natassa's clit, and started licking it. Natassa's body started writhing again.

Then, with Darrah's head between Natassa's legs, Darrah lowered her own groin to Natassa's face.

Darrah started to rock her hips against Natassa's face. Each woman now was being pleasured by the other, and the room was now full of moaning sounds from different muffled voices. Mikhail watched, wide-eyed and fascinated.

Suddenly Darrah called out — first a short sound, then longer, then longer still. She threw her head back as Natassa fed from her bite inside Darrah's thigh.

Natassa drank for a few minutes, quenching a four-year thirst. Her body stiffened and then relaxed.

Darrah lay silent on top of Natassa, her head between Natassa's legs, Natassa's head between hers. Mikhail went over to them.

Darrah turned to Mikhail and smiled, showing her new fangs. Her eyes were red.

"Let's fuck, lover," she said in a voice that didn't sound like her. She licked her lips. "I want your cock in my pussy."

"Yeah," said Mikhail, who however was leaning backward.

In a flash Darrah was off the table and advancing on Mikhail. "I wanna fuck you," she said seductively. "Natassa wants to fuck you too."

Mikhail backed up toward the wall of the room, trying to figure out how to avoid getting bitten by Darrah — because that would kill her — and that meant turning down Darrah's offer.

Darrah came into Mikhail's arms. And then she lunged at him. Mikhail spun away at the last millisecond to avoid being bitten.

"Biting me is going to be very bad for you," he said. "I want to fuck you too, but my way."

Darrah hissed at him, then came back at him. Mikhail spun at the last moment, then tripped her as she went by. She fell on the floor.

Mikhail jumped on top of her, pushed her shoulders down so her face was pushed against the floor, and kicked her legs open. He bent her arms so they held her face to the ground.

"YOU MOTHERFUCKER!" she screamed. "FUCK YOU!"

"That's the idea," said Mikhail in the wittiest thing he'd ever said in his 18 years of life.

"FUCK YAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!" she screamed as he pushed inside her.

She tried to squirm out of his violent embrace, her ass sticking up in the air. His weight on top of her prevented her from moving. And then she started rocking not of her own volition as he pumped inside her.

After the stimulation of seeing Darrah and Natassa together, it didn't take Mikhail much time to orgasm. Darrah screamed again as his semen pumped inside her, she shook, and then she lay still.

Mikhail breathed heavily for a few moments, squatting on the floor. And then he turned her over. Her eyes were closed. He checked her mouth. No fangs.

She was so still that Mikhail was afraid he had killed her. Then her eyes opened.

"Darrah?" said Mikhail tentatively.

"Mikhail," she said. "Oh my god."

"What ... happened?"

"I guess I Turned. It ... it was incredible. I think. How long was I ..."

"Only a few minutes. You were ... not yourself."

Her face turned red. "Natassa bit me?"

"On the thigh."

Darrah looked inside her legs. The bite mark was still there. She ran her lips over her teeth. The fangs at least were gone.

"I didn't get a chance to feed."

"Good thing. Are you all right?"

She thought, then said, "Yes. It works." Then she kissed Mikhail, the two of them on the floor. Mikhail started to get turned on again.

Then they heard something that sounded between a scream and a growl. It came from the table.

Natassa was lying there, still in restraints. Her mouth was covered in Darrah's blood. After feeding on Darrah, she was fully awake, and hungry again. She pushed at her restraints.

"STOP!"

Darrah was startled. She had never heard Mikhail raise his voice in the few days she had known him. Now his command echoed through the room.

Natassa hissed again. Despite herself, Darrah stepped backward.

Mikhail did not. "I SAID STOP!" and grabbed the top of her head with one hand and her jaw with one hand. He put his face down to Natassa's. Her eyes were wide open and red. Her face had a look of unrestrained hatred on it.

"Don't let her bite you!" cried Darrah.

Mikhail ignored her. He also ignored the look of pure venom on Natassa's face.

He held her face with both hands, immobilizing her head.

"This is your choice," he said to her. "You're either going to be cured, or you're going to die. I am your cure, or your destruction."

Mikhail walked over to a drawer and pulled it open. He grabbed the head of the vampire that had killed his family. 

"Take a good look," he said, holding his head up. "If you bite me, this is your future. He bit me. I killed him. He's never coming back to life. Ever."

He slammed the vampire's head down and banged the drawer door shut. "If you bite me, you will die, right here, right now. No one will bring you back to life. Nothingness. Forever."

The look of hatred remained, but fear and confusion also appeared on her face. Her full breasts swelled as she breathed rapidly and unevenly.

Then Darrah came over.

"I cured her," said Mikhail. "You don't have any power over her anymore."

Uncertainty showed on Natassa's face.

"You have to trust me," he said. "You have no other choice. You trust me, or you will be as dead as he is."

"She's afraid," said Darrah. "You have to make her not be afraid."

Mikhail put a hand to her face and stroked her hair, soaked with both water from the tank and their sweat. Natassa's breathing slowed slightly, her chest heaving a bit less.

"I will help you," he said. "Don't be afraid."

He reached to her breasts and caressed them. He went to her breast over her heart and kissed it, and then sucked on it, like Darrah had. The wild look on Natassa's face faded.

Mikhail then ran his lips down her heaving chest. Her body rose to meet his mouth. He ran his tongue around and inside her navel, and then looked up to see the reaction. Natassa's eyes were closed, but her mouth was open slightly. They could see her fangs, blood-stained against her red lips.

Then he turned to Natassa and got up on the table over Natassa's body. He put his hands down under her shoulders so though restrained she couldn't get at him to bite him.

Darrah took Mikhail's penis, hard again, in her hand and guided it inside Natassa. She pushed it against Natassa's clit, and then Mikhail pushed further inside her. Natassa gave a long moan.

Mikhail thrusted slowly. Darrah untied Natassa's feet from the restraints and pushed her legs upward so Mikhail could go deeper inside her. He closed his eyes and felt her close around his erection. He started thrusting longer, his balls slapping against her ass. Natassa's breasts moved up and down as Mikhail fucked her.

Suddenly Mikhail stiffened and arched his back and groaned. He filled Natassa with his semen just as he had filled Darrah a few minutes earlier.

Suddenly Natassa shrieked. She thrashed around on the table, held down by the restraints on her hands and Mikhail's weight on her. Her legs bucked wildly around his hips, but he stayed where he was, his large cock inside her. She hissed at him again and screamed. Then she went completely limp.

Mikhail pulled hurriedly out of her. Had he killed her?

Darrah ran and got a stethoscope. She felt for a heartbeat. There was none. And then she heard it, first one thump she wasn't sure she had heard, then another, and then another until a normal rhythm returned.

Darrah opened Natassa's mouth. The fangs were gone.

Then Natassa opened her eyes.

The first thing she saw was Mikhail. The first thing she felt was Mikhail's body against hers.

She looked into Mikhail's sky blue eyes. He looked into Natassa's sea green eyes.

Darrah broke the silence. "Hello, Natassa." Darrah unlocked Natassa' hands from the restraints.

Mikhail and Natassa both looked at Darrah, who was momentarily dazzled by their eyes. They were remarkably unselfconscious for being naked and appearing in flagrante dicto.

"I'm Dr. Darrah," she said. "You're safe here."

Well, unless Mikhail restarts sex with her, she thought. Of course, she doesn't look like she'd mind that. Natassa was looking at Mikhail with something close to adoration. Does love at first sight really exist?

"His name is Mikhail," said Darrah. "You might say he rescued you."

"She figured out how to save you," said Mikhail.

"Where am I?" said Natassa.

"You're in a hospital," said Darrah. " You ... used to be a vampire."

Natassa had no memory of being a vampire. She had no memory of her previous life, though she knew she had a life before the lab in which she awakened.

Darrah found a hospital gown for herself and Mikhail and Natassa, because they were just too distracting naked. Darrah found herself wanting to sleep with either of them, now that she had done just that.

They sat on the bed, Mikhail holding Natassa from behind. Darrah explained to Natassa what had happened to Mikhail, and how Natassa was no longer a vampire.

"So I can kill, or cure," said Mikhail.

"Yes, but we don't know to what extent," said Darrah.

Darrah hesitated. If vampires found out what Mikhail could do to vampires, they would undoubtedly try to kill him. Mikhail was immune to vampire bites, but he wasn't immortal.

There was danger for Natassa and Darrah too. No one knew if Mikhail's antidote was permanent. Vampires might try to re-Turn Natassa, or kill her, or Darrah too for the same reasons. Survivors of her victims might assume Natassa was still a vampire and try to kill her.

"I have nowhere to go," said Natassa.

"Yes, you do," said Mikhail. "I will protect you."

"I think that's best for you, Natassa," said Darrah. "You're probably going to need some time to transition to the world."

Even through her hospital gown Darrah could see Natassa's hardening nipples. She could see Mikhail's erection too.

A few days later Darrah was sitting in the living room of Mikhail's house staring at medical test results.

Mikhail and Natassa had invited her to dinner. After dinner they had disappeared, though from hearing brief laughing sounds Darrah could guess what they were doing.

It was just as well they weren't in the room. It seemed that whenever the two were together there were three people in the room — Mikhail, Natasha, and their combined sex drive. 

Darrah wasn't staring at Mikhail's or Natassa's test results. Theirs were perfectly fine. Natassa appeared to have no ill effects from her four years as a vampire in suspended animation, or her cure. Mikhail seemed to have no ill effects from what he'd experienced in the past weeks.

Darrah was looking at her own blood work. The same cells in Mikhail's blood were now in her own blood. She now was a carrier of Sangue debolezza.

That will make her research personally safer at least, she thought, though she wasn't a disinterested observer anymore.

Darrah went into the bedroom to say she was leaving. Mikhail and Natassa were in the bed, Natassa lying on top of him. They appeared asleep and unselfconsciously in love.

That's the way it should be, Darrah thought to herself. Natassa owed her life to Mikhail. And this way Mikhail need not be alone anymore. She had to continue to work to find a cure for vampirism, one that did not necessarily require Mikhail to have sex with a vampire, or have the vampire bite him and die. That would require her to travel all over the world; it had brought her here in the first place.

Darrah knew that even if she loved Mikhail, beautiful Mikhail, they were not fated to be together. She would go wherever her research into vampirism took her, and he would go wherever fate led him. The natural tendency of a man would be to seek out his family's killer, except that he had already, unknowingly at the time, killed their murderer. He'd be likely to want to find his twin sister, now a vampire.

Darrah turned to leave. And then a hand grabbed hold of hers.

Mikhail looked up at Darrah.

Then another hand softly took her other hand. Natassa looked up at Darrah.

Without saying anything, the two pulled her into their bed.

Darrah's clothes disappeared while Natassa was deep-kissing her. Boundaries disappeared as lips kissed lips, hands fondled bodies, fingers and tongues stroked and licked clitorises and penises. Mikhail and Natassa made Darrah scream in ecstasy. Darrah and Natassa made Mikhail climax inside them, one after the other. Darrah licked Natassa to orgasm while Mikhail was fucking her from behind. 

Mikhail's family was dead, but he was alive. Natassa had been dead for years, but she was alive. Darrah had found a way that vampires might be brought back to life, or at least prevented from ending others' lives.

And now none of them were alone in the world. Mikhail slept in the middle of the bed, Darrah on one side, Natassa on the other, his arms around each. The women's heads rested on his chest, their legs touching over Mikhail's, and they were holding hands with Mikhail's penis.