 Billy looked to the stars, to the full moon hanging above. She sighed, what a come down after a truly wonderful night. She had been to the annual Halloween Festival at the old Glastonbury hall. Goblins drank blood red punch with lofty spirits. Ghouls ate crispy finger foods with Witches. Wizards floated on the dance floor with beautiful deathly visions. A cauldron of colour mixed with the macabre. Fun and laughter immersed with the bizarre. Unnatural foods and toxic drinks mingled with raucous conversation and mystical games. 

But the unheavenly night had drawn to a close. Billy was making her solitary way home, through the dark leafy lanes of the English countryside, when her car had suddenly ground to a halt. She was searching the night with her eyes now. Looking for answers of why tonight of all nights and of all places did her car have to give up the ghost. She chuckled at her own silly pun. "Never mind," she spoke softly to herself, as she walked gracefully back to the car.

As her luminous face, eyes smudged with ash, lips stained in red, scoured the grim lane ahead for her saving grace. "The Recovery Vehicle." Her dark hair began to hang in limp ringlets down her back. Demons brushed by indifferent to her presence. Echoes of a solitary owl's calling, summoned the mist to circulate and dance silently around her. Listless bats hung from the withering autumn branches of the thousand year old oak trees. 

A wild doe sniffed hungrily at her foot for a moment. Billy bent down to take a closer look. But in vain, as it scurried quickly back into the maze of woodland. She rose back upwards where figures had flickered by. A church stood in the distance wavering, beckoning, in the still night air. The god and goddesses who waited in the light looked past Billy, waiting for the lost souls to make their way to the ethereal gates they guarded. 

Billy believed she was meant for the darkness. She wasn't afraid or worried at all. Just annoyed this had happened now, she was tired from all that ghostly partying. 

She looked deep into the woodland surrounding her. Eyes shimmered through the trees with intricate being. Spirits of those long dead walked drearily by. Feathery hands seemed to be reaching out to her. Phantom choruses serenaded her from the dark liquid blue sky above. 

The spectre walked silently up behind her, blending with the shadows. A firm, seemingly warm, masculine hand placed itself down on her shoulder. Billy hissed a sharp intake of breath, and then turned around. She wandered slightly, in confusion, looking for the being that had just touched her. Then she glided into the bosom of the forest, a bewitching unknown force beckoning her. 

She came across a small brook, with just enough murmur to lull her still further and deeper. Billy seemed to be entranced by the invisible force, driving her ever onwards. The still of the night became intoxicating; the fear became enthralling, as she ventured deep into the heart of the blackness. She was oblivious to the peculiar character of its inhabitants scuttling by. A grey wolf followed solemnly, its golden/yellow eyes never straying far from Billy's path. His blunt claws creeping ever slowly, silently, through the mass of undergrowth. 

Then a strange sight beheld her eyes. She stopped and peered through the thick beech trees in front. A small farmhouse, with a deathly aura, nestled within shrouds of bushes. A huge elm tree spread its broad branches over the roof of it. A labyrinth of sweet smelling flowers surrounded the imposing rustic door. Two grotesque Gargoyles guarded the entrance, their statue eyes watching Billy. The lingering brook swirled around the back of the house, with its sweet delicate waters seeping its way through the grass. The owl had followed her too and was now chorusing his and Billy's arrival from the thatched roof top.

A flickering orange glow fell straight from the trestles window as Billy edged nearer the house. The mass of trees began to stoop as if beckoning her towards the slightly ajar front door. A sudden gust of wind opened it further inviting her in. She gingerly walked inside, and then stopped to survey her surroundings. To the left was a large room running through the house. Dancing flames from the fireplace toyed with her eyes as she walked closer to the warmth. Wood pigeons bubbled their delight in the loft above at their guest's arrival. The main door creaked shut causing her to withdraw into the seclusion of the dark influence surrounding her. 

A mass of thick, silky grey cobwebs spiralled all around. Its occupants seeking refuge back into the small nooks and crannies of the dilapidated walls. More exotic flying rodents appeared and swooped swiftly up to hang from the oak beam above Billy's head. Rats and field mice scampered across the wooden floors. Scurrying to seek solace in the broken furniture and floorboards. 

Then suddenly a quivering lip lightly brushed her neck. Billy wasn't startled this time, her breathing remained calm, her aura remained serene. More kisses with delicacy were placed on random spots of her neck and shoulders. Her pretty face slackened for a moment as she closed her eyes. Fingers grazed across her hips and then moved slowly upwards past her stomach and towards her chest. A quiet moan seeped from her at the silent sensual touch she was receiving. 

The dominant apparition slowly began to undress Billy, her clothes drifting to the floor as the fire in the hearth blossomed into an inferno of wickedness and sorcery. A hand enveloped her right breast and her soft brown rose peaked upwards with desire. Her cavern became damp as her awakened bosom became excited. Billy was laid gently down onto an old withered rug on the wooden floor. The spectre languished on top of her, as his hands roamed freely across her glistening body. 

This prudish in life woman, glowed warmly in approval of the carnal act she was embarking on. The musky odour of her arousal pervaded across the room. Her walnut eyes twinkled through the shadows hovering. Her porcelain face became suffused in pleasure as fingers slid down her Venus mound and floated up her folds into her palpitating lips. Warm fluids began percolating from her as the pistoning of the spectre's fingers went deeper. Billy's loins melted in a fusion of fire and brimstone. 

Her staccato breathing continued as the spectre spread the warm flowing liquid around her erect pulsating bud. Moans emulated from her mouth and danced off walls within the room as multiple sensations erupted inside her. She became light headed as she tried to regain her breath. Then she whimpered slightly as the spectre's lips claimed hers. He sucked her tongue into his mouth and caught it between his teeth. Then he let it go and teased it around both their mouths. 

Billy felt her legs open wider, and then his twitching member touched her entrance. She gasped sharply as his thick log entered her. A shiver shot down her spine as he entered and withdraw in quick succession. Each thrust in went deeper and each withdrawal came sooner. As the rhythm of lust unfolded, their hips joined and in unison pumped wildly. The spectre suckled on her breasts as she writhed beneath him, passion shaking her yet again. 

Her chest heaved at yet another explosion of fire inside her. Cheeks tinctured with the brightness of her flame. Then suddenly and for the first time, Billy heard the spectre's sound as his release engulfed her. His powerful cry, as he implanted his seeds sent the wood pigeons above into a frenzied panic.

Feathers spiralled down as Billy lay quivering in her twilight world. The spectre lay beside her, gazing at her slim, finely honed body. She looked up at him, her face flush with contentment. 

"You are beautiful, sexy, everything I always wanted in a woman...in life. Now I find you in death." He smiled. "A vision of beauty in my lonely abode."

The phantom rose up, his aura renewed and dazzling. "Come, we don't have long." He stretched out an arm, wanting Billy to place her hand in his. 

Billy stood back up, slightly dizzy from her experience and confused as to how she was dressed again. "Where are we going?" 

He looked at her, and then turned his head. Billy followed his eyes, and then glanced at the scene ahead. Her body stood rigid, her breathing deep. She was back at the lane, but the scenario was different to how she had last remembered it. Her car was crumpled beside a tree; her body lay on the stony gravel. An ambulance and a police car flashed their dominant presence. She moved forward to take a closer look. A medic hovered over her body, as another medic gave her the kiss of life. Her hair was matted in thick red substances that trickled into a puddle beside her. 

Billy stood there watching the event unfold before her. She shook her head as if wanting to see clearer. She was watching herself, how could that be?

"Time stands still for the dead, what has just seemed like hours spent with me, was in fact a few moments in life," the spirit spoke gently as he held onto Billy's hand. 

"Am I dead or alive?" 

"In between two worlds at this precise moment in time, my precious angel."

"What do you mean?" 

"We are in the midst of the bewitching hour; you have a choice not many lost souls get to make."

"We're losing her," the medic cried out. 

"And you must make that choice quickly now." The phantom took Billy's hands in his and looked deep into her soul.

"Do you want to go back to your body and carry on your life? Or do you want to enter my world of passion, lust and love and live eternally with me?" 

Billy thought for a moment of her pitiful and lonely existence. A life bereft of any love, lacking of any lust. A passionless an isolated life, filled with emptiness. Apart from a few invites to parties, that filled her with hope but always left her with despair. She lived in a reclusive world. 

Then her mind filled with the memory of her lovemaking with the spectre stood before her. Her thirst for desire had been quenched, her need for love had been met, her lust aroused instantly. She had felt more alive then, than she had ever done. Feelings and sensations never felt before had been drawn from her spirit. Thoughts and emotions lain dead deep inside rose forth from the ashes. 

"I will love and look after you always," he whispered. "The afterlife is so much more than you ever thought possible. I will awaken your desires and feed them endless passions." 

Billy looked at her broken body laid stricken on the damp gravel and in an instance had made her mind up. 

"I want to be with you," she cried. "Let's go, I have no doubts." 

The Medic stood up, his face disgruntled. "She's gone, we can't do anything more."

"Probably is for the best." The other medic frowned. "Every bone in her body seemed broken, her back definitely was." He placed a blanket over her face. 

A chilling wind blew autumn leaves across the medic's path as he went to fetch a body bag from the Ambulance. He could have sworn he heard cackling coming from the woodlands. He shook his head and reprimanded himself for being so silly as to think such a thing. Billy took one last look at her crumpled body, and then turned to the Spectre. Smiling she took his hand in hers, and in that moment, two lost tortured souls forged into one bright, peaceful soul. 

**********************************

Wild doves start to coo from the wispy branches of the Elm tree outside the rustic retreat of Billy's new home. Her spirit renewed, she wraps her silky legs around the phantom's. Dawn begins to break in the woodlands, a signal to his feathery friends to sing their welcome to his hearts desire. She ruffles his ear with her fingertips, and then traces his outline down to his own unique woodland. His whole being tremors, as she takes hold of his log, now aching with desire. She clamps her mouth down and swallows him. A crushing bliss fills him as she begins to devour his hardness. 

Such a passionate woman, engulfed in complete joy only adding to his high state of intoxicating arousal. Her eyes widen with the wickedness that has invaded her, as she continues to bring him ever closer to the brink of sexual madness. Ever teasingly she flicks her tongue around his tip, backwards and forwards, up and down. Swallowing any traces of his arousal as soon it appears.

Billy toys with his sac with her hands, gently manipulating him into an explosive orgasm. Sliding her wet, delicate tongue up his stem, and then down again to his base. Her teeth would touch his raw skin sometimes and she would quiver with pleasure. His torture begins to reach a peak as she sucks hard and deep. His aura shimmers as his molten rock erupts, sending slivers of hot lava deep into her throat. 

She keeps him hard, as she straddles him; her cauldron is bubbling over with sweet treacle as she lowers herself down on to her new love. He enters her pot, and her passion boils over. Billy's purring resonates throughout the house, as she draws her sweetheart's earlobe in her mouth. He massages her nipples, as they twist and turn with their thrusts. She trembles again as another breathy moan escapes from her. Each tremor brings more exquisite feelings as the devil inside her erupts. 

Another lingering kiss, another spiritual shock wave as the phantom turns Billy over and enters her fire from behind. Her glow from within stirs the shadows back into the darkness. He flickers like a snake in and out, torturing her cave. Her undulating orgasms send her into a state of pure ecstasy. She reaches a place of paradise, never felt before, sending her into a quivering trance. Her aura is like a rainbow, changing colours as she changes dimensions. 

Both shudder with the pleasure and passion they give to each other. Their spirits weld together into a single mass of phantasm. Their souls fuse as their ghoulish love grows. Gone is her passionless life, now Billy lives an afterlife of love and lust, of passion and pleasure, the sins of the flesh replaced by the sins of the spirit.