 I'll be watching; just do your job; follow the money... or I'll finish this my way!

Turning the piece of paper over; scribbled hastily in pen were two words: Nice dress!

She realized as the fine hair on her body stood up and her heartbeat quickened, "He's here, and he's watching!" Controlling her fear, and not wanting to scare him away, she leans into the cars' open window, and holding up the ledger, she turned saying into the air, "I'm taking this as a sign of trust; a start of communication, maybe we should talk?"

Hidden within a shadow, a darker shadow moved, causing her to instinctively reach for her weapon.

Grasping her wrist, and preventing any chance of her succeeding; Trent, in human form, said calmly, "Detective, that would be the last and stupidest thing you ever attempted to do, but I'm not here for that. You say you want to talk?"

Jerking her wrist in defiance, she asked, "The note said, not to try and find you; so, what changed?"

"The realization that revealing my identity to you makes no difference at all. You can't go around spouting nonsense about some "guy" you know that can change into a monster; look what happened to Marcelo, or, would you prefer a little vacation locked up next to that piece-of-shit," letting go of her wrist, having made his point.

"You hurt my wrist," she spat in defeat.

"What did you expect, you went for your gun, you're lucky it's attached; but, if you insist, that can still be arranged," he replied, while stepping close and answering aggressively. It couldn't be seen, or rationally able to be justifiably described; standing this close, she came alive with an unimaginable feeling of absolute power; intuitively understanding, he's never one to be trifled with, and genuinely terrifying when angered.

"Who are you," instantly regretting she asked, and fearing his animalistic answer.

Closing his eyes, he leans close, deeply inhaling her scent; after holding his breath momentarily, he whispers, "Maybe your hero, possibly your nemesis..., then, opening his eyes and pulling her against him, letting her feel his wanton hardness. His hungry lips touched her ear, while whispering ever so soft, "your most secret desire."

She blushed at a forgotten childhood fantasy; a helpless maiden being ravaged by barbarians, and then rescued by an imaginary hero. He would be tall; he would be handsome; and he would definitely be dangerous.

Close enough to exchange breaths or steal a kiss, she says softly while staring at his lips and her heart racing wildly, "I should arrest you."

Removing his hands from around her waist and placing them on her hips, he says with teasingly mock exasperation, "Before you sample the goods? What in the world is the matter with you girl! And on what charges; putting a fire in your veins and your mind in the gutter? Well, that was easy, I had to run to keep up! Now that we've established, we're "birds-of-like-feather"; I'd like to say, it's still a nice dress," before dragging her into a bone dissolving kiss, and crushed against her car.

Desperately needing air, she pushes him back by his shoulders, and between gasps for air, says as if possessed, "I don't care who the fuck you are anymore, where do you want me," and plunges her lips against his for another greedy taste of his insane power.

Trent, breaking the kiss, and moving his wet tongue instantly to her ear, circles her delicate lobe, catching it between his teeth and in a tumbling throaty growl, says, "My new place...," moving down her neck, and claiming delicate spots with soft kisses, "just recently acquired, I might add...," kissing, all the while moving, kiss a little here, a little there, claiming her by bits and pieces, "has a Jacuzzi; what say we...," kiss, kiss, suckling her neck and leaving red marks along the way, followed again by another fantastic, lip-locked, toe-curling, multi-minute, near orgasmic kiss.

Hearing a passerby yell "get a room", he smiled mischievously while backing away, and concluding in a tender sigh, "pick up some Chinese take-out, drink plum wine, and see if we can keep from drowning while getting to know one another Jacuzzi style."

With a weak smile and shrugging his shoulders, added, "A hero needs to find someone to be a hero for," then with a bright smile, offers, "With the application process you've just so enthusiastically completed, I'd say you're more than qualified!"

Lured by the danger, distracted by his boldness, captured with his genuine honesty, and longing with secret desire; Celeste, eyes locked with his, says in delightful surrender, "So, you want to be my hero huh?"

~~~ 

His "place" was immaculate; a little too Spartan for her taste, but impressively wealthy. After pouring each a glass of wine, and placing the bottle on ice; Trent hoisted his glass, winked, and then said suggestively, "To you, and our newfound ways of communication!"

Clinking their glasses, and taking a sip, he says with authority, "Before we get carried away; you must know, this comes with a price." Gesturing toward a laptop on an island kitchen counter, he played the recording of his first transformation.

Celeste watched in stunned silence, unable to pull her eyes away. Trent, noticing her wine glass sitting on the dining room table, retrieved it; and while sitting it next to the laptop, she placed her hand over his and held it there, intensely watching the video until the end.

Closing the laptop, he clears his throat, and then says, "This is what you're dealing with, a nightmare come true. I can help you with the ledger; obviously, it can show how much money was exchanged; but I can help with the why, where, and on the majority of its contents, what was said: I was there! When pressured about how you know all of this, answer with the truth! You've found an inside snitch!"

He stopped her with a raised finger when she started to speak, "There's this unspoken attraction we share, am I wrong?"

Celeste shook her head no.

"I'd like to hear you speak the words," he requested.

"No, you're not wrong," she responded trembling.

"Do I scare you?"

"Yes, no, maybe," said in quick succession, and ending with her staring at her hands.

"I'll take you home..., if that's what you want," he said earnestly, and then with a hint of a tease, "Then again, depending upon how you look at it, you haven't heard the best part, I'll save that for last.

Unfortunately, the first price you pay Celeste, is having been in league with a monster when all this nasty business is over. Every name in the ledger has a checkmark beside it, every single corrupt motherfucker counted for; and is either rotting in jail or feeding the swamp 'gators. It'll be just you and me, throwing a worn-out, and godforsaken ledger into some fire burning the remaining evidence; and hardest of all to hide, especially from ourselves, a wall of secrets; I wouldn't want us to be destroyed that way, I'm sure you agree."

"Us? Like a couple? What are you asking..., err..., saying?"

Pointing toward the take-out containers, he responded, "Start opening those while I get utensils and plates, our food is getting cold," and then flashing his devastating smile, continued, "Besides, if you're persuasive enough, I might tell you my name."

Mimicking hundreds of teenage porn stars; head tilted slightly, wide beautiful-blue eyes looking up, coupled with a smiling expression loaded with absolutely devious false innocence, she asks, "Is this when we get to the good part and break out the cuffs mister!"

"God damn! You're good," he exclaimed while roaring with laughter.

~~~ 

Open containers littered the dining room table, the delicious plum wine nearing empty: he told her about his childhood, the shady neighborhoods growing up; where you learn to be a "badass motherfucker" or live in a predatory nightmare, forever remaining a victim. Being a cop, she had seen those kinds of neighborhoods up close, where being a girl; stripping, prostitution and slut are popular choices.

"It seems we have a decision to make, and I'll grant you ladies choice!" Offering his hand, and leading her to a smoky glass wall, he said, "Close your eyes, and no peeking!" Celeste is giggling. "I don't know if I can trust you, God dammit" he struggles to say while laughing. Celeste is still giggling, but eventually her eyes close after being placed directly between him and the wall, her back to his chest.

She could tell when he leaned toward his left, picked something up, and returned up right. Putting his chin on top of her head, he asks, "You ready?" Nodding her head, he crosses both arms below her chin, and atop her breasts, cocooning her against his hard body.

"Okay," he says delicately into her ear, "Open your eyes...," and while swaying her softly from side to side, as young lovers do, pushes a small button.

The smoky glass swirled, and turned solid black, their reflection clearly visible in the mirrored darkness. He was behind her, hands now on her shoulders and looking directly at her. He smiled, flicked his eyes in rapid succession to a particular spot, up and off to her right; indicating she should focus there.

At first, she was certain it was a sort of screensaver, slowly blending into an image of some wild assed Jacuzzi straight out of Hollywood; but soon realized it wasn't an image, there was a wild assed Jacuzzi straight out of Hollywood, and right behind this glass wall!

"I have nothing to wear," she gushed, both knowing it didn't matter.

"I'm not calling a cab, but there's a safe word," he said shocking her.

With a slight hesitancy to her movements, and unable to look him in the eye; she slipped the tiny straps to her silky dress over her shoulders, and he watched it float to the floor. She was exquisite! Her body, toned and trim; well defined dancers' legs attached to the sweetest ass he's seen in years!

Staring at her nude body, he again says softly, "Close your eyes."

Pushing herself back, she grinds shamelessly against him, wanting him badly, willing to do anything, when he said, "Wolves mate for life."

"I know," she concurred while circling her hips against him.

Dropping his pants, and grabbing his turgid member, "This will change everything," wetting his manhood along her swollen vaginal lips, and entering her slowly, he begins speaking a hidden ritual aloud, "Will you be my mate, mine and only mine, for I am your mate...,"

"And I will be yours, yours and only yours, for I am your mate," he hears inside his head!

He anxiously projects a thought at her reflection, hoping some of the myths were true.

Her mouth dropped open, and eyes widened in lustful surprise when she received his wicked thoughts. She sent back, "Now who's mind is in the gutter?"

Slamming back against him, and building toward a mind-altering climax, any barriers left between them vanished; pictures flashed, bringing attached emotions associated with the event. The old saying is true; pictures are worth a thousand words.

Their lovemaking was slow, steadily approaching liftoff; his staying power approached phenomenal. With their conversation instantaneous, she lost count of the dirty things he said, the forbidden places he greedily dined, not to mention, the orgasmic bliss each time he jack-hammered his seed into her, and her screaming,

"WHAT'S YOUR FUCKING NAME!"