 CHAPTER 1

I hate waiting for people. I am way too impatient and I hate that about myself. My brother isn't even late and really we're not on any sort of time schedule. He said he would be here around noon though, and now it's ten after so I can feel myself starting to get in a mood.

I sigh, loudly I guess. I don't even realize I had, but Stephanie looks over at me.

"He'll be here any second. You know Tim. Always late and I think it's because he knows it drives you crazy," she says.

"I know." I sigh again.

I shouldn't have agreed to come. I love Tim. He's my favorite sibling, but he drives me crazy. He's Mr Spontaneous. Casual, laid back,. I feel like I have to have set in stone plans for everything.

Last week, he was talking about going camping, hoping to find an old abandoned estate. Rumour has it it's haunted. Nothing I would ever do, but of course Tim couldn't wait to go exploring and then he dared me to, chiming in that it's not too far from home as though that would somehow seal the deal. Of course that didn't work, but well honestly he dared me and that's what made it impossible to turn down. 

So here we are, sitting in front of our dorm, waiting for him to pick us up.

I dig around in my backpack until I feel that familiar shape. My pill bottle. I get it out so I can take one. I pop the cap off, fish a pill out and put it on my tongue. Xanax are just about the worst tasting pill I have ever taken. I quickly take a drink of water to swallow the pill down. It leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. Stephanie is rolling her eyes at me.

"One little xanax won't hurt. It's either that or I slip into a crappy mood, which do you want?" I ask, leaving out that I'm beginning to feel anxious thinking about what Tim has talked me into.

She doesn't reply. She looks down the street at the van coming our way, then smiles and looks at me. The van stops in front of us. "I told you he would be here any second."

The driver gets out and comes over to us. He hugs me.

"You're late Tim," I say.

"I'm not. And don't get in a mood already, we haven't even left yet. But let's go because we have about a four hour drive," he says. 

So much for it being nearby I mumble. No one hears me.

He grabs our stuff and puts it in the back.

The passenger window rolls down. "Hi Mara. Stephanie," Becca, Tim's girlfriend, says.

"Hi," we both reply, Stephanie sounding far more enthused than my murmured reply.

Tim comes back over to the side of the van where we are. He opens the side door.

I look in the van. Tim's friend Spencer is sitting right by the door.

"We gave you guys the very back, it's bigger than this seat," Spencer tells me, smiling.

"I told them to let you guys have the very back, since the seat is bigger. Spencer is just being a suck up..." Tim says rolling his eyes at his friend.

The guy sitting next to Spencer is kind of slumped over on the other door. Half of his face is covered. He moves, and I recognize him.

"No. No fucking way am I spending five days with that asshole," I say.

"What? Who? Spencer or Eddie?" Tim asks.

Eddie kind of wakes up more since he heard his name. He sits up, takes his sunglasses off. "What?" Then he sees me. "Oh god no. Not her."

"Do you guys know each other?" Tim asks.

"I've had the pleasure of meeting this pretentious little bitch," Eddie tells him.

"You mean my sister," Tim says pointedly.

"Tim, your sister is a pretentious bitch," Eddie replies scowling in my direction.

"How the fuck do the two of you know each other?" Tim asks.

"It's a long story..." I start to say.

"It's not," Eddie says.

God he's an asshole and I really hoped I never had to see him again. I think back to the other night, when I did meet him.

Like I said, I'm not spontaneous. I'm a planner. So I really don't go out much unless I have a lot of advance notice.

Stephanie and I had been studying all day. I was falling asleep. She was starving. One of our friends, Sarah, called and asked if we wanted to hang out at her boyfriend's. Not a party she said, just twenty or so people.

Anything to keep me awake sounded good at this point plus, she said there would be food so Stephanie wanted to go.

It was fun. I didn't really know anyone there. Had met a few people before, some I had seen around.

By midnight there were only about ten or so people still there. Somehow we all started discussing college and school because Sarah was trying to decide if she wanted to go to college or what to do in life. I was telling her so far I really liked all the classes I was taking and maybe she could try for a year and see if she liked it and if it was where she wanted to be going in life.

And then this jerk starts mouthing off about how you can't learn shit from a book or teacher. School of any kind is a waste of your time and money. If you want to learn anything in life you have to experience it first hand, not read about it.

This smug guy and I went back and forth for about forty five minutes arguing about it. I even asked him if I wanted to learn about terrorists should I be one? Should I go experience it first hand? He told me maybe I should go read a book and figure out the answer. He acted like he knew everything and now he's calling me pretentious! Fucking asshole.

I really thought I would never see him again and now I'll be spending the next five days with him.

"We had a discussion the other night at a party. We just didn't agree on everything," Eddie tells Tim.

"Or really anything..." Steph says.

"Well fine, you two don't have to be friends. This place is big enough that you can stay away from each other," Tim says, trying to keep the peace. 

"Oh believe me I plan to stay as far away as I can," I add, staring Eddie down.

I climb into the back seat, sit down and put my seatbelt on. Steph does too.

Eddie laughs slightly, puts his sunglasses back on and lays back against the door. He pulls his hood down as far as it can go covering most of his face. "Immature little baby," he mumbles.

"You always have the last word don't you?" I say.

"When I'm right, yeah." he replies.

"And I guess you're always right," I say snapping at him.

"Pretty much. I was the other night..." he says.

"Who said you were right? I don't remember anyone saying that!" 

"You got up and left. I figured you finally realized you were wrong," he answers smugly.

"No, I just got tired of arguing with an idiot."

"It does get tiring arguing with someone that can't see beyond their own little world. Thinks only of themselves..." He lets the end of the sentence linger in the air for a moment.

"Are you serious? I think only of myself?" I ask him.

"Will you two knock it off. I'm not going to listen to this for four hours. Mara, he thinks you're selfish and stuck up. Eddie, she thinks you're an asshole. We all get this. So Eddie go back to sleep, Mara shut up, it's over. You two don't ever have to talk to each other again," Tim interjects.

Steph, Becca and Spencer all laugh. I bite my bottom lip. God he's an asshole. Now I'm in a mood. Fucker is sitting right in front of me. I really want to smack him in the back of his head.

"You're both immature babies. Fighting like you're two. Jesus. It's over." Tim adds, re-affirming his earlier point.

Eddie pulls his hood down even more over his face. I cross my arms across my chest and sigh. Even if he keeps his stupid mouth shut, it's going to be a long four hour ride, And a long five days.

We stop two hours later so we can all stretch our legs, get something to eat and take a bathroom break. Everyone gets out, except Eddie. He's asleep.

"Should we wake him up?" I ask everyone.

"Just leave him alone, His own fault if he doesn't wake up," Spencer says.

I look at Steph, she shrugs her shoulders.

They all walk away heading inside Okay yeah he's the biggest jerk I've ever met, but I feel bad if he needs a drink or has to pee or something.

I get back in the van. I look at him for about thirty seconds. I poke him in the shoulder. He moves a little, but doesn't really wake up.

I poke him again. "Hey umm Eddie..." I say.

He takes his sunglasses off and looks at me. "Yeah?"

"We stopped to get drinks or whatever. If you want something..." I tell him, trailing off noncommittally.

"Oh. Uh...thanks. I'm good," he says with a yawn.

"I'm sorry I woke you up. Are you okay? You've been asleep the whole trip," I say.

"Yeah. I get car sick so I took some pills to help me sleep. It's just hard to get comfortable in this seat," he says.

"Do you want the backseat for the rest of the drive? We can sit up here," I say.

"Really? That would be great. You sure you don't mind sitting up here?" he asks.

"No we'll be fine. I'm going to go get a drink, do you want anything?" I ask him.

"Will you get me some Gatorade or something like that?" he asks.

"Sure. Does it matter what flavor?"

"No anything is fine," he replies.

I walk into the convenience store connected to the gas station. I get myself a diet soda and then try to figure out what flavor Gatorade to get Eddie. While I'm standing there, Steph comes over.

"What are you doing?" she asks me.

"I felt bad and woke Eddie up. He said he just wanted to sleep but asked if I would get him a Gatorade. What flavor should I get?" I ask her.

"You mean you talked to him, like talked without you two bitching?" she asks.

"I did. I felt bad. I mean what if he had to pee or something? He may think I'm self centered, but I'm not. I...um...also told him he could have the seat we were sitting in. He told me he gets carsick so took pills to help him sleep on the drive," I tell her.

"Great we all get to sit smashed together and the jerk gets to lay down on the biggest seat," she says.

When we're all finished and go back out to the van, he's laying in the backseat already asleep. I put his Gatorade in one of the cup holders back there.

Since he's in the back asleep, the rest of us talk for the next two hours and the trip goes by really fast.

When we get there we all slowly get out and stretch, except Eddie who is still asleep.

Tim opens the back and we all grab our stuff.

"Hey asshole, are you going to get up?" Tim asks Eddie.

"Are we there?" Eddie asks him.

"Yeah."

"Shit," Eddie says. He climbs out of the van, lights a cigarette.

"So how did you get the backseat?" Tim asks him.

Eddie smiles. "I told your sister I get carsick and had to take pills so I would sleep the whole way."

"But really you just stayed out all night and have a hangover," Tim says.

"Yeah."

"I know my sister can be a pain in the ass, but she's my sister so don't fuck with her or I'll have to hurt you..." Tim tells him.

"Don't worry about me I can take care of myself," I say to Tim since I heard their conversation.

"And you're the biggest fucking asshole I've ever met. Fuck you," I say to Eddie. I grab my stuff and walk away.

"I think she's starting to like me," Eddie says sarcastically.

"I mean it, don't fuck with her, or I'll fuck you up," Tim reminds him.

CHAPTER 2

We loaded up on sub sandwiches and snacks because we knew no one would want to make anything to eat tonight. I wasn't convinced there'd be many volunteers to cook over the next few days anyway.

Tim and Spencer get the coolers out of the van. I have no idea where the asshole has disappeared to.

"Want me to start a fire?" I ask Tim.

"Please. We brought some wood, so start it with that, then we'll go look for some more," he replies.

I clear a place for a fire. I get some of the wood out of the box and start arranging it in the clearing. I add some small sticks to get it started, and a couple pieces of cardboard I tear off of the box.

I light the cardboard. It burns, then goes out.

I put more cardboard in with the wood and try it again. I get the same result, a flame that quickly smolders. 

"You're not doing it right," someone says.

Of course, it's the asshole.

"Let me do it," he demands.

"I've been camping, I know how to light a fire," I tell him.

He looks at the pile of smouldering wood. "Yeah? Are you sure?"

I give him a look. "Yes I do."

"You didn't stack the wood right," he says and kicks it over. He kneels down and starts moving the wood around.

"What are you doing?" I ask him perplexed at how rude he is. 

"Stacking it right so we can actually have a fire. You have it all piled and no air can get under it."

Tim and Spencer come over to us with more wood. Stephanie and Becca start getting the food out. Of course they're all listening to the conversation between Eddie and I. 

"My dad taught me how to build a fire, do you want me to tell him he's doing it wrong?" I ask.

"I guess so. Where did he learn, in a book? Or did he actually learn by doing it?" he asks.

He makes me so mad. I just want to scream or better yet punch him. I find myself smiling at the thought. 

I throw the lighter at him.

"You really do think you're always right don't you? Just light the damn fire then. I'm sure it will be perfect," I say.

He ignores me. He lights the cardboard. In about two minutes there is a huge roaring fire. He stands up and smiles at me with this stupid smug half ass smile. I really want to punch him. Instead I take a deep breath, bite my bottom lip and walk away.

I keep walking. No idea where I'm going, but I have to get away from him. Why does he have to talk to me? He could have left me alone or just offered to help. Not tell me I'm doing it wrong.

I hear someone coming up behind me. I swear it better not be him. He better be back at the camp enjoying his damn fire.

"Hey you can't wander off alone, you'll get lost," Tim says.

"He pisses me off," I retort. 

He smiles and slightly laughs, "yeah I could tell."

"How do you even know him?" I ask him.

"He's Spencer's friend. He seems like a nice guy though. I've known him for almost a year," 

"Well why is he such an ass to me then?"

He mules over my question for a minute, seeming unsure of an adequate response. "I'm not sure." He finally says, running his hand through the front of his hair. 

"Tell him to keep his big mouth shut and leave me alone. Or I'm walking home. I'm not dealing with his shit for five days," I tell him.

"I'll have a talk with him later. Come on, let's get back and eat. I think we'll all feel better after we eat," he says.

We start walking back, then Tim stops.

"What? You're not lost are you?" I ask.

"No. Look," he says pointing down.

I look. All I see are bricks beneath our feet. "Okay...bricks?"

"Yes, bricks. This could be part of the driveway, or maybe even from the house. I wish we had time to go look tonight, but we better wait until tomorrow," he says excitement at the edge of his voice.

We walk back to the camp area. Everyone is sitting down eating.

"Are you okay?" Steph asks me.

"Yeah I'm fine," I reply.

"I think we found it! We saw bricks on the ground. They have to be from something," Tim tells everyone.

"Are we going to go look after we eat?" Spencer asks.

"I think we better wait until tomorrow. We have only about two hours of light left," Tim answers.

"We could at least go check it out. At least see if there is a house near here," Spencer suggests. .

Tim looks at us. "I don't know. What do you guys think?"

"We can take a walk to see if there's anything close. But that's probably it. It is going to be dark before we know it," Becca says.

"Alright. But only if we eat fast enough. I really don't want to be lost in the woods in the dark," Tim replies.

We all finish eating pretty quick. Well they all do. I'm not really interested in finding this house and looking around in it. I sit and eat but I can't get this jerk off my mind. He really knows how to upset me.

I look over at him. ***He's not bothered by anything. He's sitting there drinking a beer, laughing at something Spencer is saying.

He looks over where I am and realizes I'm looking at him. He looks at me for a few seconds, then swiftly looks away. About thirty seconds later he looks back at me. When he sees I'm still looking at him he smiles slightly, an edge of nervousness in his eyes. I keep staring at him, refusing to let him intimidate me and look away first. He must really be getting nervous now. He licks his lips absentmindedly.

I still won't look away only now I think it's because even from about ten feet away I see that he has the most beautiful blue eyes. I find myself lost in their depths. He smiles at me. Dammit he has a dimple.

His hair is beautiful, about to his shoulders. Brown and curly. Perfect curls. My hair just gets all frizzy and has no curls.

He's the perfect size, well for me. Only slightly taller. Much nicer build though of course. A perfect hard body. Not fat. Just the right amount of muscle.

I hate my figure. I think my hips are too big. Steph tries to tell me that I have the perfect hourglass figure, tries to make me feel better, but she's tiny and thin.

He could really be cute if he wasn't such a jerk. I can't help but smile though. I smile and shake my head at him.

"Are you about finished?" Becca asks me.

I shrug my shoulders. "Why don't you guys go, I think I'll stay here."

I look back over at Eddie, he's talking to Spencer again.

"You're not. You said you wanted to come and find this house, so you're going to. And I'm not going to let you stay here alone. Too dangerous. Come on, we'll be gone like an hour maybe," Tim says.

"Fine. I'm coming back here in an hour," I tell him.

I put the rest of my sandwich in one of the coolers. We bag up our trash and put the trash and coolers back in the van.

They throw dirt on the fire to put it out. Wonder if that asshole will build it again tonight. I love fires, they smell so good. There's something relaxing about sitting by a fire, getting hypnotised by the flames.

We get flashlights and start walking towards where Tim and I found the bricks.

Tim and Becca are walking together a couple feet in front of the four of us. I wish the jerk would go walk with them. He better keep his mouth shut. I wonder if Tim said anything to him yet?

"So little sister, how have you been?" Spencer asks me.

"Good. Getting in a nice routine. Too busy to ever relax though," I say.

"Are you guys liking school?" he asks us.

"Oh yeah. It's kind of neat to not have classes some days, but then on Tuesday I have three classes," I tell him.

"Yeah it's been great. She studies way too much though and I wish she wanted to go out, at least on the weekends," Steph says.

"I just want to really work hard the first year. Maybe next year I can relax more. I want to figure out which way I want to go with my classes next year," I respond, kicking leaves as I walk.

"I've kind of been thinking about taking classes next year. I've got to do something with my life," Spencer says.

"Yeah? I think you would like it. It's like there's a lot of work at times, but there's also tons of off time too," Steph tells him.

"And you really learn a lot. At least I have," I say.

Eddie makes a scoffing noise. "Jesus," he says.

I refuse to let him get to me. Taking the higher road, I ignore him.

"If you ever want to talk about it, come over or call," I tell Spencer. I have a dead leaf stuck to the sole of my shoe that I kick away.

"I will. Maybe when we get back home we can have dinner or something," he replies.

I stop walking. "Oh shit."

Spencer stops and looks at me. "What?"

"Mud," I say.

"Yeah, so?" he says.

I lift up one of my feet. "I have sandals on."

"Why did you wear sandals?" Eddie asks me.

"They're cute and match my clothes," I reply. 

He rolls his eyes and shakes his head at me. "Why would you wear sandals though? You said you've been camping before, you know it's going to be dirty, probably muddy."
