 Seduction of an Entity, The Serial

Chapter 2: Mystic Shadow and the Furies

Mystic Shadow and the warriors stood on the beach of the island not saying a word as the winds became stronger, lightening bolts striking into the water and across the sky. Mystic Shadows wrath could be felt through the energy her soul was penetrating around her and her warriors. A loud screeching noise could be heard coming from within the woods and Mystic Shadow located the three fallen Furies.

"Lets go rescue our sisters." She said as they all vanished into a golden fog.

Mystic Shadow appeared at the feet of the three Furies who were barely alive, she knelt beside each one healing them with Guardian Casters gifts to heal. The Furies opened their eyes seeing their High Priestess knelt over them dressed as they were. Slowly they sat up and each one looked around at everyone smiling and kissing Mystic Shadows hands. With the Furies back she and the others returned to their warrior uniform and began their search of the Amazon witches to make them pay for their attack on The White Light warriors.

Raging Storm looked at Mystic Shadow and was more amazed with this beautiful creature and felt so humble to be in her presence. Before he knew what was happening the Amazon Witches were standing before them dressed in black tight leather pants and halter tops, with matching thigh high boots. Mystic Shadow's wrath could be felt even stronger then before, her eyes glowed a brilliant purple, her smile was almost evil looking and with one swipe of her hand sending all twenty of the Amazon Witches flying through the air. When they landed hard on the ground up against trees, the call of the Banshee could be heard before the rest of the warriors attacked and sent the Amazon Witches to the fiery lake of hell. 

That night back at the Palace Mystic Shadow had to go her spot where she use to go when troubled, She sat on the dock watching the Light house as it searched into the night.

"How can I go on here without my soul mate?" she asked in almost a small child voice as tears burnt her eyes as she slipped her rings back on her finger that she found in her lock box.

"I remember when you gave me these rings baby, we were in the islands and we were in the hammock making love, I tried not to fall off of you or the hammock, when you grabbed my hand and slipped the rings on. I was so shocked that I fell off onto the ground." She said as she began to weep as her heart crumbled into tiny pieces.

"I can't go on without you baby, I don't want to go on without you." She cried harder then ever when a bright light appeared next to her and Knight Shadow sat beside her holding her.

"You have to pull your self together Mystic Shadow, they need you more then we do up there. Its not my time to come back yet."He told her holding her in his arms, but she could not see or hear him.

"Knight Shadow I need you so much! Please, let him come to me, love me and fight by my side!" she cried up to the Heavens as Knight Shadow held his beloved wife in his arms the rest of the night.

The next few weeks were very busy for Mystic Shadow catching up with her grand children and her great grand children, Raging Storm stood in the shadows longing for Mystic Shadow to give him some kind of sign, while Knight Shadow held his wife in his arms as she cried herself to sleep.

Mystic Shadow, Natanne and Kathy were working with the other warriors getting them into the shape that Mystic Shadow expected of her warriors, she went so far as having demon attacks by the ones she created with her magic so her warriors would know what to expect. Raging Storm and Fierce Caster watched with folded arms.

"I think I will test her Highness." Raging Storm said as he vanished and reappearing behind Mystic Shadow only to be thrown onto the ground and Mystic Shadow on top pinning him down.

Knight Shadow watched smiling at the two and proceeded to push their heads together forcing a kiss. Neither could break loose and when Knight Shadow freed them they both just stared at each other without making a sound. 

To be continued...