 Seduction of an Entity, The Serial

Chapter 3: Billy Jean

She wasn't more then twenty-three and had just ridden the bus in from West Virginia to start a new life in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. Her hair was long, blonde and wavy, she hated the glasses she had to wear and swore she would get contacts. She squeezed her tall thin body in the back seat of the cab pulling her green mini dress down.

"I need to go to 405 North Ocean Boulevard please." She said with her southern drawl.

The cab driver never answered, just drove her to her destination. She was like a child looking out the cab's window at the beautiful ocean. "Lord, all we ever saw was the Blue ridge mountain's back home." She said aloud to herself.

The driver pulled up in front of the ocean front condominium as Billy Jean hurried and paid the driver his fee and then grabbing her bag off the seat next to her she hurried into the lobby, turning around and around smiling at everything around her with the look of an angel. Her smile was ear to ear as she approached the smiling security guard behind the glass window.

"Hey, my name is Billy Jean and a nice man by the name of Stonehenge has arranged for me to move into his apartment 1901." She told him in her trusting southern accent.

The guard, an older man smiled at the lovely girl who reminded him of his beloved granddaughter. His smile became almost full of pain as he remembered her death.

Billy Jean noticed the pain in his face. "Hey, are ya all right sir?" she asked as her green eyes sparkled up at him.

"You be very careful up there. He is strange." He told her not wanting to say to much out of fear.

Billy Jean took an instant liking to this kind soul. She looked around in the lobby at the beauty of the whole place as she caught the elevator up to the penthouse. Her key opened the door to the richly furnished condo with white carpet that her feet sank into. She removed her shoes and continued out to the balcony where she was in total awe of the ocean view that looked like a beautiful picture.

Billy Jean turned around thinking someone had entered the apartment for she felt eyes upon her, but saw nothing. Suddenly the warm balmy breeze turned to a bitter chill cutting through her like a cold blade. Billy Jean hurried inside the apartment where it felt as if the pictures were watching her when the phone began to ring. "Hello?" she said answering the phone when the only thing she heard was heavy breathing and then an evil laugh. Billy Jean looked fearful as she remembered the Security guards warning.

Trying to shake it off she went to shower in the black and gold bathroom with glass shower doors. She opened up the closet that was full of beautiful clothes and a note which read, "WELCOME ABOARD BILLY" She smiled thinking she was just being silly, Mr. Stonehenge was very nice.

Very nice indeed, the dancer before her disappeared off the face of the earth and the question is who was behind it? Billy Jean was dressed and ready to go when she got called by security to let her know the limo was there to pick her up. She came down stairs wearing a beautiful red sequined dress cut very low and just above her knees and tight fitting, and she smiled at the guard feeling like Cinderella. She was in awe at the limo and the driver was a tall busty blonde in a very seductive uniform.

"Dern this is fancy, if momma could see me now." She said feeling like a princess.

Billy Jean walked into the club and was shocked when she saw the women dancing and removing their clothes, she panicked and was stopped from leaving by the driver and then was knocked out by a huge man in black who had a rag in his hand under her nose. Billy Jean came to with Mr. Stonehenge raping her, she tried to scream and nothing came out of her mouth and the only thing she felt was his cock inside of her that felt so cold it burned her. She wanted to get sick as he grabbed onto her breast and was chewing and biting her nipples. She felt a burning sensation in her arm and saw the huge man injecting her with some drug. Her vision became blurred, his touches were making her body tingle and she gave herself to him, wanting more of his vile cock that she came so hard with his raging cock deep inside of her hot wet pussy. He moaned so loud as he planted his mark deep into her hot pussy.

The huge man helped her to her feet and then out to the bar where he locked her into a steal cage and her body began to move to the beat of the Jamaican music. Her hands roamed her body, she looked at the men watching her feeling so sensual and she began smiling as her fingers began playing with her pussy that still had his cum in it. She was rotating her hips around so slowly as her fingers pleasured her burning pussy, her eyes closed as her tongue slowly licked her ruby red lips as she seduced every man in the club with her act of pleasure. Mr. Stonehenge smiled as he smelled her scent from her juices on his fingers. She came so hard on her fingers that she dropped to the ground of the cage as she trembled with a hard gushing orgasm. The large man in black came to the cage and removed her taking her to the limo after shooting her up with more drugs.

He watched her sleeping in her bed as he laid next to her playing with her nipples and then began eating her pussy as she was out cold. He lapped up his bosses sperm along with her own cum and then watched as she begins to respond to his tongue and then he stuck his huge cock hard into her pussy and she moaned out, but she could not fight off the drug induced, sleep and he filled her pussy up with his hot cum, repeating the oral sex position known as 69 with him on top ramming his cock into her mouth, over and over until she screamed out from such a hard orgasm that she began sucking his cock that was deep in her throat until he unloaded his cum in her mouth.

That after noon she was dressed all in black, her complexion was pale from the drugs, she wore dark glasses and a black scarf as she was led by the arm by the large man who had marked her his slut. He roughly made her get into the limo and she weakly smiled and waved good bye to the sweet guard. They tested her by letting her loose in the club, she danced and groped the customers earning more than five hundred dollars that night. The big busted blonde drove her to the condo where she would be tested to see if she could be trusted not to run away. She stumbled up to the doors of the lobby as the limo pulled away when he grabbed her shoulder.

"What are you doing here?" She asked giggling.

"Walk with me." He told her.

Arm in arm they went across the street and stood at the shore watching the waves come crashing in onto the shore. Suddenly he had her by the throat strangling the life out of her. She struggled, but soon only blackness enveloped her whole being. He threw her in the water smiling.

"Now it is over for you." He said watching her body bobbing in the waves when a hand grabbed his shoulder and when he turned he began screaming.

Billie Jean stood smiling evilly at him. " Grandpa, I am here to take you to hell for the white light power." She said turning into Mystic Shadow as Raging Storm brought the real Billy Jean to shore where Mystic Shadow placed her healing hands over her.

Billy Jean came too coughing from the oxygen hitting her lungs, she saw Mystic Shadow blow the Security guard up as the warriors collected his soul to be delivered to hell. 

Billy Jean looked into Mystic Shadows eyes and tears formed in her eyes.

"Go home to your mother now, and we have answered her prayers." She told her and then in a golden mist the girl was delivered to her front door in West Virginia.

Raging Storm looked at Mystic Shadow remembering their kiss and without warning had her in his arms kissing her so passionately, she tried to fight it, but then gave into her feelings wrapping her arms around his neck tightly.

To be continued...