 Mystic Shadow hungered for his kisses and the caresses his hands were giving to her breast and ass, his mouth softly sucked her neck causing a wetness between those powerful thighs of her's. Their bodies slowly ended up on the sandy beach with him on top of her, kissing the woman he fell in love with the moment she opened her eyes. Mystic Shadow stripped them both of their clothing and straddled him with her long dark hair flowing in the tropical breeze as he entered her hot thick juices with his throbbing erection that Mystic Shadow could actually feel him pulsating deep inside of her. As their passions were building to an explosive climax the winds blew harder the closer they came to having an orgasm. Lightening bolts danced around the two lovers mixing in with the sounds of their moans until they both were over come with the most powerful explosion of pure erotic pleasure. The sky became a brilliant purple and pink as they vanished into thin air, the older man rubbed his eyes not believing what he had just witnessed when a hand tapped his shoulder.

"Yes?" he asked turning finding himself standing in front of Hank Thompson.

One swipe of Hank's hand and the old man was sliced into a thousand pieces, Hank blew air at him laughing as his body fell into pieces to the ground. His laughter was pure evil as he to vanished into thin air leaving the mans body behind to be found by beach goers. Hank showed up in front of the Manor where Mystic Shadow and him spent many years together.

"Bitch I am going to kill you before I allow anyone else to have you!" He said as he blew up the door to enter with glowing red eyes, dressed all in black.

Hank floated through the Manor as he looked around hearing the voices of the past playing over in his mind as he past each room and then he came to Knight Shadows room and anger filled his entire body.

"A shame they don't send you back so I may eat your heart!" he cried out blasting the door open to the empty room, somehow he almost thought Knight Shadow would be awaiting him.

"I almost miss you Knight Shadow." Hank said laughing making his grotesque demonic features even more noticeable wishing he could be alone with the man who had stolen his wife from him.

"He would just blow you up like before." Gore Warrior told him laughing.

"I seem to recall you losing the same battle with him and his brother." Hank retorted at Gore Warrior.

"Shut up before I blow you up!" Gore Warrior hissed at Hank making him cower from Gore Warrior.

"Nothing worse then a testy demon." Hank said under his breath as he hovered in his corner of the room.

Gore Warrior had his own plans for Mystic Shadow and him to rule the Dark side together or she dies a painful death. Without her beloved warriors he knew she would weaken to him and her lust for him. He would kill Raging Storm so there would be no one for her to turn too. Gore Warrior stared out the window that Mystic Shadow had spent hours sitting in trying to deal with her loyalty for one man and her deep love and devotion to Knight Shadow.

Mystic Shadow and Raging Storm ran through the palace like children shooting the other with water guns as the other warriors watched the High Priestess playing like a child. Mystic Shadow saw her father reading his paper from Paris on the terrace of the palace when she suddenly appeared in front him and shot him between the eyes. She was laughing hysterically at her father who was steaming.

"You two think this is funny? Well then I will show you funny." he told them standing up and a huge fire hose soaked the two love birds back into the palace knocking Guardian Caster over with the powerful water . Fierce Caster seeing what he had just done quickly vanished into gold smoke before Guardian Caster could reprimand him with her wrath. He stood at the lake laughing remembering the look on her face when a broom stick hit him in the back knocking him into the water and Guardian Caster's laughter could be heard throughout the palace and valley.

Flame Caster and Mystical Caster stood watching their grandparents and Raging Storm drenching each other, the palace and the valley with water. Flame Caster looked at his twin sister," Should we ground them after they clean up their mess?" he asked with his arms folded.

"If they will take their punishment." she said laughing as Raging Storm scared her grand mother by dropping out of the tree and shooting her with water.

Knight Shadow watched from the distance feeling pain as his beloved played when a hand was placed on his shoulder. " She doesn't know we were sent back." Rain Caster told him as the other warriors stood behind the two huge warriors as Knight Shadow was trying to conceal his rage with in.

To Be Continued...