 “Hello?” Caroline said in the phone receiver removing her earring, but no one was on the phone. Caroline looked around her apartment with her big brown eyes holding a fear that most of us know. Damn it she thought to herself and hurried out the front door grabbing her purse on the way out. Dressed for work in her gray slack suit, with gray pumps, she was going to be late for court and she never noticed the pair of eyes following her every move. Caroline ran through the parking lot of her building to her little red convertible driving away and oblivious to the stranger smiling at her.

Caroline ran into the court room already in and processed with her brief case in hand. Great impression when the DA is late to their own case. She thought to herself taking her seat at the DA’s table looking over at the defendant and his defense lawyer. Dirt bag she thought to herself and again unaware of the same stranger sitting in the courtroom watching her prosecuting her case. Caroline was happy when the Judge called a lunch break and had lunch with her assistant Paul Jefferson at the courts café and once more unaware of the stranger smiling at her as she bit into her sandwich in between giggles with Paul.

Back in the court room this strange admirer never took their eyes off of Caroline as she made her closing statement to give this perpetrator the death sentence for the rape and torture of two seven-year-old twin girls while their mother who was forced to watch everything, he even raped her next to her dead children’s bodies. This monster needed more then death, unfortunately the law would not up hold what he deserved to get. No one noticed the angel of death and the spirit warriors waiting to remove him from this world to a private cell in hell. As soon as he stood up to be sentenced and the judge said not guilty since he received a fair payment the angel of death reached into the mans chest and crushed his heart with his hand. The Judge saw the angel and the warriors and knew he had made a mistake that was going to cost him dearly. 

Caroline smiled knowing that Justice had been served, yet she could not feel the eyes burning into her back, they began to glow red from the desire that was consuming her admires body, the desire to bash her head in and slashing her throat when they were finished with her. Caroline quickly walked through her parking lot of her condo, smiled at the security guard and rode the elevator up to the sixteenth floor to her apartment. She unlocked her door when she remembered she forgot to check her mail and without thinking only shut her door and took the elevator once again to the lobby to retrieve her mail. In the lobby the guard smiled as this was a nightly ritual for her, she waved as usual and once again rode the elevator back up to the sixteenth floor and then into her apartment, she laid her mail on the table to go over as she ate dinner, she walked over to open the curtains so she could look at the view from her balcony as she ate. They stood there with the rope in their hands, and an evil smile on their face, she did not have time to scream when they were leaping through the air knocking her breathless when they hit the ground and shoved a white rag in her face and then the black blanket over came her.

She woke up in her cars trunk, she was bound and gagged in her trunk being driven to an unknown location with an unknown person, she still felt groggy as she tried to stay awake, but the chloroform was still causing her to black out. When she awakened this time she was in a dark, damp room where she stood chained to a large beam in the middle of the room and she could hear the sounds of rats squeaking around her and then one ran across her foot, she tried to scream, but the gag muffled her sounds and tears streaked her face as she could smell her own fear.

Mystic Shadow sat straight up in bed with Raging Storm sleeping next to her and began to cry for it was only a dream that Knight Shadow and the warriors had returned to her.