 Abbie loved being on the bottom. She enjoyed staring up at the man's face as he tried desperately to pleasure her. Sometimes they were decent, but mostly she just played along to give them what they wanted. In the end, it wouldn't matter, seeing as how she'd kill them right after. 

Tonight, her victim was a young, blonde haired boy in his mid-twenties. Abbie could tell it had been a while for him. He was breaking out in a sweat and his face had a blank expression, almost as if it took every ounce of concentration for him to not cum. Poor thing, he'd only been in her for about thirty seconds and it was still too much. 

"Mmm baby, please don't stop," moaned Abbie. She reached up and caressed the boy's face. Her long red nails scraped across his soft flesh leaving marks. The boy bit his bottom lip and Abbie could feel his body tense. She figured she'd finish him off and squeezed her pussy lips around his cock, trying to milk him. It was more than enough as the boy jerked forward and let loose a stream of cum inside her. 

"Oh God Marie!" cried the boy. His body jerked as his orgasm washed over him. Abbie never gave her real name. There were few who earned the right to it. 

"Just relax sweetheart. Let it come," said Abbie. She pulled the boy down to her breasts, letting him rest his head on them like pillows. Everything was peaceful, filled with bliss and soothing passion. That was, until Abbie sank her razor sharp claws into the boy's back, ripping at his flesh.

"What the fuck!?" Shouted the boy. He jerked up, trying to pull away from Abbie, but it was no use. She had her legs tightly wrapped around his waist, his cock still within her. There was no way he was getting out of her alive. 

"Sorry darling. I'm just doing my job," she dug her nails deep into the boy, tearing at the muscles, scraping along his nerves. Despite this gruesome pain, there was something else the boy noticed that was making him even weaker. It was like all his energy was being sucked right out of him. That, along with Abbie playing doctor on his back, caused him to finally embrace his eternal slumber as his eyes rolled back. 

Abbie smirked as she kicked him off her. He fell to the floor, lifeless, like a rag-doll. "God, I hope next time Tyrius sends me out on an assignment, the guy lasts longer than one minute," said Abbie as she got dressed. She slid on her purple satin thong along with matching bra, stepped into her red dress that came an inch above her knees and stepped into her candy apple red stilettos. Walking over to the boy's mirror, she adjusted he hair and reapplied lipstick. She took a moment to admire how damn sexy she looked before she walked out the door, leaving the boy naked, dead and alone.

Outside on the streets, Abbie stood at a phone booth and put in the numbers. 

"Who's callin' this number?" came a deep voice on the other end.

"Tyrius, its Abbie. I took care of that job. You got anything else for me today or can I go home?" Abbie waited for a response. She'd been working all night, walking the streets for money. You'd think for a succubus this line of work should be easy, but not when you were forced to sleep with filth.

"Yeah, go home kid. I'll call you when I need another person... taken care of," with that Abbie hung up the phone before Tyrius could change his mind. 

It was nine in the morning. After a few hours of sleep Abbie was looking forward to the entire day free. Maybe she'd visit her sister and nephew. It had been a while since she'd seen them. Her sister, Rosa, knew all too well the kind of work Abbie did. Abbie often suggested they should team up. They'd make a killing working together. Rosa, being a witch and not a succubus, was fully capable of taking care of herself, but the whole pregnancy thing was still an issue with her.

Abbie arrived at her sister's place thirty minutes later, holding a pizza. Rosa opened the door. She was a mid-30-sih lookin' woman, same age as Abbie, with long brunette hair and emerald green eyes. 

"Oh good you brought food!" said Rosa as she took the box from Abbie and let her inside. Her nephew, Tony, was sitting on the couch watching old episodes of the Flintstones... for whatever reason. "Tony, come here and say hello to your aunt," said Rosa.

Tony was eighteen, so, naturally he had long hair and dressed like shit. He had a Bomber Man 64 t-shirt on with a small stain at the hem, which Abbie assumed was cum from his long nights of jacking off to XNXX videos.

"Huh? Wha?" he said. Slowly, he got up and staggered towards the kitchen, his long hair made it a wonder he was able to see where he was going. Rosa frowned at him but Abbie just smiled. She kinda liked Tony's "I don't give a fuck" teenage attitude.

"Ah hell Abbie! The pizza's cold," said Rosa as she lifted the box lid to reveal stale pizza. Before Abbie could say anything, Rosa pointed her finger like a gun, mimicking pulling the trigger. Suddenly, steam rose from the freshly heated pizza.

"Show off," said Abbie," Rosa smiled as she cut a slice.

"I'm glad you came over. I have to leave for a while. You mind staying with Tony until I come back?" Tony was too busy eating pizza to care what the women were talking about.

"Why? He's old enough to stay here on his own," said Abbie. Rosa leaned closer to Abbie so only she could hear.

"I've been sensing something around the neighbourhood... it's a strange feeling, like someone is stalking around the house. I never can find them though." Abbie didn't bother asking why she didn't call the police. Her sister knew what line of work Abbie did. Getting the police involved was a worst case scenario.

"I gotcha. I'll watch after him. If I sense anything myself then I'll take care of it," said Abbie. 

About ten minutes later, Abbie found herself sitting next to her nephew watching cartoons. Being a succubus, Abbie knew exactly when a guy was horny, and by how much. Even though Tony was sitting perfectly still and looking straight ahead, she knew that, despite her being his aunt, he wanted nothing more than for her to get down on her knees and suck his cock like a vacuum cleaner, hard and fast. The kid had some interesting ideas, and his image of what he thought she looked like naked wasn't far off either. Abbie sat there enjoying watching the cheaply made porno his mind constructed. 

Something other than the image of Abbie's tits wrapped around Tony's cock caught her attention though. She couldn't make it out but something felt... wrong. She didn't know how many there were, but it was certainly a group... enough so that even Abbie would have trouble dealing with them.

"Tony, let's you and me go to Barns & Noble. Maybe that got some Ramones albums out. You like the Ramones, right?" 

"Who?" asked Tony?

"Oh my god. Never mind. Come on, let's go." 

Tony dragged behind Abbie as they walked down the morning streets. She really had no desire to go to Barns N Noble, but at least it was far enough away from the house that whatever was lurking around there wouldn't follow them. They made a shortcut into an alley.

"Alright lady! Hand over your money!" Three crusty lookin' guys came out from out of nowhere. They were all wearing hobo clothes and smelled like a subway, damp and thick with piss.

"Does it look like I have any money on me?" said Abbie as she placed her hands on her hips. Her red dress clung to her body. Tony just stood there, not sure what to do.

"Maybe your kid would like to contribute," said the man in the middle as he pulled out a knife. Abbie put an arm out, pushing Tony back a few steps. 

"I really think you boys should just clear out of here before you get hurt," said Abie, her hands still on her hips.

"Come on Aunt Abbie, let's leave these guys alone," said Tony as he back away from what was about to be a street-battle.

"Listen to the kid doll-baby. You wouldn't want me to cut you up would you?" said the man with the knife. Abbie just stood there and laughed.

"Look, if you wanna throw down then let's get this shit over with. I got things to do!" she said. Her body was relaxed, almost swaying from side to side like a dancer. 

"Fine! You're dead!" The man with the knife charged at her but Abbie easily dodged him. He swung across wildly, but Abbie just leaned back, making the knife miss her by a few inches. Before the man could attack again, Abbie grabbed his wrists, twisting it causing the knife to fall. In the brief moments of the man's confusion, Abbie made her fingernails grow into sharp claws and quickly lashed at the man's face. He fell to the ground, a good piece of his face being torn off. 

"Any of you other boys wanna fuck around?" said Abbie. She was calm and collective, despite just slashing a man to pieces. She got her answer when the two men charged at her. Before they knocked her down, Abbie grabbed hold of their shoulders, pushed herself off the ground and flipped behind them. The two men staggered forward, almost losing their balance. It was too late though. Abbie followed up with a hard double-kick to each of them, knocking them the fuck out. 

It was around this time that a black car pulled up with the window rolling down. It didn't take Abbie long to realize what was about to happen. With lightning fast reflexes, she charged towards the car, dodging the rapid fire coming from the window. With one slash from her sharp nails, she cut off the gunmen's hand. Before she could open the door to see who it was, the car bolted forward, leaving Abbie in the alley covered with bullet holes and blood. Abbie turned around, and to her horror, there was an extra body lying on the ground, covered in blood. 

She rushed towards Tony, but it was too late. He had been caught in the crossfire. Abbie held the boy in her arms, not sure how she'd explain to her sister how she got her only son killed. 

Later that afternoon, Abbie reached Rosa's house, carrying Tony's body in her arms. 

"The hell happened!?" shouted Rosa when she came to the door. She quickly took Tony from her sister as she walked back in the house. 

"I'm so sorry Rosa. I was attacked and... Tony got caught up in it," said Abbie. It was all she knew to say. And honestly, what else could she say to Rosa after her son was just killed. There wasn't much time for talking as just then there was a loud bang at the door. "I'll get it," said Abbie as she got up and went to see who it was. What she found when she opened the door took her completely by surprise. Five heavily armed men dressed in tailored blue suits stood at the door way, their guns all pointing at her.

"We're here for the witch," said the man in front.

"Step aside Abbie. I'll take care of this," said Rosa. There was an edge in her voice Abbie had never heard before. She did as her sister told, "You want me? Well, here I am!" Before the men could do anything, Rosa raised her hands up and shot pink lightning from her fingers. It caught the group of men and slowly burned them alive. Rosa just stood there, watching as she shot death from her fingers and into the men that dared to threaten her. After they were all dead, Abbie turned to face her.

"Those guys in the alley... they were probably after Tony this entire time... just to get to you," she said.

"Do you know who they are?" asked Rosa. 

"I'm not entirely sure... but my boss might," Rosa knew all about Abbie's "boss," but at this point, she didn't care.

"Maybe, I'll come work with you after all. Anything to find out who killed my son."