 Tears streaked her face as the pain in her heart sharpened for her beloved Knight Shadow and the guilt that she betrayed his love. She walked to her window and sat on the sill wrapping her hair around her finger when an object caught her eye darting through the woods off of the Palaces property. She strained her eyes with the old feeling from her pass running through her blood like ice.

"They brought you back!" She hissed with such hate flowing through her and transformed into Mystic Shadow the warrior and vanished from the room reappearing in the woods in front of Hank Thompson.

"My wife how are you?" Hank sneered at her throwing a flaming arrow at her.

The arrow exploded in air from Mystic Shadows anger was radiating all around her. "Fuck you asshole!" She hisses flinging him into a tree. His body hit hard and the oxygen could be heard rushing out of his body.

Hank's body fell to the ground as he gasped for air to fill his now empty lungs. He tried crawling to get away from her, but again she sent him flying through the air and into another tree never laying a hand on him. Hank was becoming weak and his face turned purple from lack of oxygen when he disappeared and huge massive arms surrounded her body. Gore Warrior had her in his arms as she broke down into tears knowing he too was sent back, but not Knight Shadow.

For this moment his heart over ruled him and he held her as she cried like a baby in the arms of Gore Warrior. In his demon heart he did love Mystic Shadow and would not attack her in her weakened moment. 

"Pull your self together woman, I can not battle you like the true warrior you are when you are so weak. I want your death to be worthy at my hands." he said kissing her forehead as he held the back of her head in his huge hand.

She did not fight to get away from him for some odd reason she knew right now she was safe in his arms and laid her head on his massive chest and cried. He closed his eyes as he held her feeling his heart race for this woman who had branded his evil heart. 

Caroline was becoming weak from hanging in this room with rats running over her feet. She heard the door creek open behind her and felt their gloved hands on her breast as they now stood behind her and the leather hood that covered their head against her shoulder, she tried to get away, but could not go anywhere being bound as she was. Then she felt heat near her ass and the intolerable burn from her assailant burning her flesh with a branding Iron that sent a blood curdling scream from her very soul. She felt a punch that landed up side of her head and she almost blacked out as her vision became blurry as her eyes rolled in they're sockets. She felt something going into her ass causing pain as her assailant rammed a twelve inch dildo up her ass causing more blood curdling screams from her, she could feel her attackers body moving against hers and then a moan from being sexually satisfied. She heard their foot steps leaving the room and the door closed. She cried from the torture that was being delivered to her from this sick disgusting person.

"Oh God bless save me, I don't know how much longer I can hang on." she cried until she finally succumbed to sleep to escape the pain she was in.

Her head was hanging down when the attacker came back in to do more torture to her body, this time using an electric rod before sexually gratifying them selves. The rod had not even touched her skin when her head flew up quickly and long brown hair flowed around her face.

"Mother fucker I got a lot of issues to get over!" Mystic Shadow told Caroline's stalker as she flung them through the room hitting the wall. 

Without a word as her uniform covered her body she walked to the attacker ripping the hood off to discover the assistant D.A. in Caroline's office was the attacker, Madeleine Cramer. 

"No don't hurt me please! I just had to have her, I love her." she cried up at Mystic Shadow.

"I think that you going to prison with those you sent there will be a worse death then if I do it." She told her smiling as she dialed 911 for the police to come get this trash.

Mystic Shadow erased her memory of her and changed into regular street apparel as Caroline was sleeping on the couch in the living room When the Detectives arrived. Mystic Shadow almost lost her emotional control when the police arrived and the detective with them was Knight Shadow! Her eyes widened as she was speechless and he smiled at her. 

TO BE CONTINUED. . .