 Mystic Shadow and Knight Shadow stand alone in their bedroom they had shared forty years ago. Not needing any words between them they were in each others arms and the passion was more intense then ever before. Their clothes flew around the bedroom and their bodies reunited in their wedding bed with perfect non stop rhythm. Knight Shadows body so muscular and tanned his hands caressing Mystic Shadows perfect body as their mouths pressed together with fiery kisses, passion filled moans, she taking his hard erection as deep and hard as she could within the moist warm sea of her body, his tongue hungrily searching the crevices of her mouth, his hands molding and massaging her hard large swollen breast, his mouth finding the flesh to her neck, down her shoulders and chest to her swollen nipples that he sucked and bit on. She caressed his back and ass with her hands as her legs tried to spread wider to receive him deeper and then the most powerful orgasm rocked both of their worlds sending lightening bolts throughout the palace and around the grounds as the King Of The Supernatural beings had just been conceived unbeknownst to his parents who lay in each others arms full of bliss.

Guardian Caster stopped in her tracks knowing that the King had been conceived as she watched the dancing lightening bolts throughout the palace. She smiled as she continued on her way to start decorating the nursery. Guardian Caster was humming a lullaby that she had hummed to Mystic Caster and to the twins even to Mystic Shadow, She had transformed the twins nursery into a nursery fit for a king, White silk curtains in the windows with musical mobiles decorated with fairies playing harps. A golden crib with satin sheets, pillows and comforters. 

*Now Natanne must conceive, so his bride will come into the world at the same time.* She thought to herself smiling as she was turning this nursery into something so beautiful and secure no evil would get to their king. She kept humming and smiling as she knew a secret so precious.

Mystic Shadow and Knight Shadow changed into their white warrior outfits, they met all the others in the council room where Mystic Caster noticed the glow about her mother as did Raging Storm and Fire Caster. 

“Mother you can not go with us.” She told her and having Knight Shadow and Mystic Shadow look strangely at her.

“And why not may I ask?” Mystic Shadow questioned her daughter.

“You carry our king in your womb mother” She told her with wide eyes.

“Did you bump your head Mystic Caster?” she asked her daughter feeling a weird twinge in her stomach. She knew Knight Shadow would not let her go if he knew she had indeed conceived. 

“Mother please.” She tried to convince her but Mystic Shadow looked at her daughter in a way that told her it was useless to try.

Natanne described the fearful Skinwalker * The skinwalker, known well to the Native Americans who do not even like to speak of them. The SkinWalker can change into different forms from human to animal and they are similar to the vampire, shape shifters, and are deadly, they wear the skin of their kill, and change into a bear for brutal strength or a cheetah for speed. Be on your guard as it may appear to you as one of us.” She said before they all descended onto the last known place it claimed its victim.

Mystic Shadow walked to the spot where Joni had last lived in her body and saw the attack occurring to Joni how it came to her in the form of a huge bear with red glowing eyes and green slime running from its mouth, the evil creature with a swipe of its huge claw snapped Joni’s neck and she died instantly. Mystic Shadows eyes watered as she saw the thing turn into a huge vulture and began removing the skin. She covered her mouth as she watched it stepped into her skin and lastly it plucked her eyes out and placed them in its eye socket. She then saw the eyes looking at her from out in the woods and Mystic Shadow vanished coming up behind the creature.

“So Joni’s killer I guess you know what I am going to do huh?” she asked as it quickly turned with large fangs protruding from its mouth.

The creature lunged at Mystic Shadow at the same time a bolt of lightening shot out from her stomach hitting the creature and knocking it to the ground as the other warriors watched in confusion. Mystic Shadow looked down at her small stomach smiling and laid her hand on her belly feeling the babies heart beating. Tears formed in her eyes as she realized she was truly pregnant.

“Mystic Shadow how did you do that?” Jada Caster asked her.

Mystic Shadow turned looking at Knight Shadow. “ I didn’t our son did it.” she told them with a huge smile across her face.

The skinwalker laid listening when it leaped on top of Mystic Shadow as a wild tiger trying to bite into her neck to claim another victim.

To be continued....