 *Gore Warrior's Revenge*

Natanne could not resist the seduction of Justin Parker, her body trembled underneath his, his kisses felt like velvet on her own. His fingers stroked her body causing a moistness to escape from her soft velvet vagina. Their moans and heavy breathing sounded to her what the music of love is made of. Her taut body moved with the grace of a cat wrapping herself around his when he exploded deep within her body. Lightening and thunder rocked the earth's very foundation, balls of fire flew through the nights air as Gore Warrior succeeded in planting his demon seed within Natanne. Natanne was mortified when she looked at her lover's face to see the demonic face of evil drooling over her. Fear over took her as she tried to escape from him. It was useless as he was too powerful for her to fight. Looking into his eyes for just a brief second he was able to erase this night and Justin Parker from her mind.

One month Later

Natanne begins to feel dizzy and sickened to her stomach. I must be catching something I feel horrible. She thought to herself trying to pull herself out of bed. What is happening to me? She wondered. She walked down to the palace's kitchen where the smell of sausage and pancakes had her running for the waste basket.

"I am sorry, but I don't feel well." She told them trying to clean up her mess.

"I think the doctor better come look at you." Knight Shadow told her.

"I think so as well." Mystic Shadow said sensing something horrible was taking place.

Natanne was examined by the doctor who could not find anything because of Gore Warrior's shield around his child that would protect him until his birth. Natanne would experience all of the symptoms of pregnancy except for the growing belly would be blocked from anyone detecting it. 

Gore Warrior sat smirking in the demon's den in hell, he watched through his child's eyes what was happening outside of the womb. He had planned this carefully, just as he had when he impregnated Mystic Shadow. For a moment his demon heart weakened thinking of her. The only woman he had ever loved as a demon. He thought back to the warrior son who still walks the earth today. Feeling angered by these emotions, he smashed the glass he was holding against the wall letting out his loud demonic utterance.

Knight Shadow and Mystic Shadow worried something terrible was growing inside of Natanne but could not detect it. Mystic Shadow stayed near Natanne who for three months experienced horrible morning sickness. Mystic Shadow was sitting with Natanne when she felt her labor pains just as her water gushed from her.

"It's time, its time for my baby to be born." Mystic Shadow told Natanne.

Natanne summoned the doctor and Guardian Caster."She is ready to deliver our new princess." She told the women as they orbed into the room.

They rushed her to the palaces operating room where Knight Shadow appeared taking his wife's hand into his. Word spread across the land that the new princess would be making her appearance to the world. Gore Warrior unleashed the skin walkers and evil of all kind onto the innocents of the land. Knight Shadow knew he would have to leave as soon as their daughter was born to help his warriors to restore peace amongst the land. Mystic Shadow screamed a blood curdling scream as her little daughter made her entrance into the world. Mystic Shadow held her small child in her arms as she cried tears of joy. Mystic Caster along with her husband and their children witnessed the birth of another warrior.

"We will call you Kana Shadow." Mystical Shadow told her daughter.

"It means Powerful." Mystic Caster said as she touched her little sister's hand.

Kana's name was fitting for she would be as powerful as her mother and father to battle the dark side in future wars to come. In the days that followed Knight Shadow and his warriors battled the dark side while Mystic Shadow regained her strength and cared for they're newly born. Mystic Caster fought side by side with her children for the next six months. Mystic Shadow had joined them with Guardian Caster caring for Kana.

Six months later

Gore Warrior knew his son would be born anytime now and abducted Natanne during one of the battles. He held her in one of Hell's cave's where she was induced into labor so his child could make his entrance. Gore Warrior watched as his son's head appeared from Natanne's vagina. Once his son who he destined to be the king to Mystic Shadows new little princess. He took his son from Natanne's vagina holding him high in the air over his head and his booming laugh could be heard throughout hell. Gore Warrior had his son as Natanne lay on the table looking at her son that she would not remember having or of his existence. Gore Warrior would not make the mistake as he did with Mystic Shadow and his son Alex.

He orbed Natanne back to the war zone where he had taken her, it was as if she had never left or had a child as she blew up hail falling from the earth that was the size of comets. Bolts of lightening danced along the streets as the dark side celebrated the birth of Orthamos.

The birth of a killer . . .

Orthamos was not the only demonic being to cause destruction. Mason Grey was born to Maggie, a single teen who had just turned 18 years old. Maggie did not like looking into the eyes of her new born son, something evil lurked within them. That was twenty years ago and now Mason cruised the streets in his black hearse looking for live bodies to place in his grave yard. Masons a huge man with gray hair and beard had a nervous twitch in his right eye. He saw Sandy Miller a thirty-year-old house wife, with long brown hair, black eyes, olive skin, a model's figure began walking down the dark lonely road with her groceries. Sandy's husband was too lazy to fix her car so she had to walk the ten miles to the grocery store. Mason pulled next to her.

"Let me give you a lift home." He told her with his boyish smile.

Sandy smiled to welcome the ride home from the local funeral director of their town. The music in the car sounded eerie to her as they drove on. Mason turned suddenly onto highway 70 taking them away from town, away from life. Sandy heard the locks on the doors click, she tried opening the door only to find out she couldn't. Sandy tried the window only to find she was trapped inside with Mason Grey.

Mason's evil laughter boomed over the music and Sandy's screams. The only thing that could be seen going down the darkened road were the red tail lights of the hearse. Mason turned into a dirt road that was in the middle of the woods. 

It led to Maggie's burial place with the other forty women. Mason stopped the car in front of his cemetery, and his large hands grabbed Sandy by her neck. He began squeezing and squeezing until her eye's flew from their sockets. Mason let go as her lifeless body fell back against the car door window. He dragged her body out of the car to the open grave he had waiting for her. He dropped her body into the grave with the sounds of breaking bones heard throughout the air.

One week later . . .

Mason needed his fix for a kill as he drove down the dark streets in the light drizzle, he was anxiously looking for a victim to add to his collection. He got an erection when he saw Connie Lang walking down the street, she was perfect just like the others who could have all been clones. Mason pulled up beside her as his erection was now throbbing inside of his pants.

"Want a ride home?" He asked her seeing she was upset and this excited him even more.

"Sure and thank you. " She told him climbing into the hearse.

Her mind wandered back to her husband and his cruel hateful words to her. Tears stung her eyes as she was unaware of Mason rubbing his crotch through his pants. Mason could not contain his urge to satisfy himself. He pulled over to the side of the road where he grabbed Connie by her neck. Connie struggled against this evil man until she lost consciousness. Connie's eyes opened as Mason made his last thrust inside of her and moaned loudly in her ear.

"Please God , please help me!" Connie begged when a white light appeared in the back seat.

"Mason get off of her now you piece of shit!" Mystic Shadow yelled as her hand waved causing Mason to fly into the car door.

Mystic Shadow used her powers to open the car doors allowing Connie to escape. Mystic Shadow slammed the doors shut where she beat Mason unconscious. Knight Shadow appeared as Roger in his detectives car to make the arrest of Mason. Mystic Shadow erased the memory of her from their minds and replaced them with Roger pulling up on them as Mason was raping Connie.

Six weeks later Mason Grey was sentenced to death by electrocution. His electrocution was expedited immediately and the spirit warriors carried his screaming soul to hell.

Mystic Shadow was worried as the wars between evil and good were becoming more and more violent. She sat watching her baby daughter Kana playing with Mystic Caster when Natanne orbed into the nursery. Her face was pale and Mystic Shadow knew something horrible has taken place. 

"Mystic Shadow I don't know how to tell you this." She began to tell her as tears appeared in her eyes.

"What has happened Natanne?" She asked when a vision of Knight Shadow appeared before her eyes bleeding. "No!" She cried out stumbling backwards.

"He exploded into lightening bolts during the battle." Natanne told the women.

Mystic Caster dropped to her knees as tears flowed down her face as she held Kana close to her body. Kana sensed something was wrong and began to cry.

"Oh daddy no, not again! My heart cannot bare losing you again." She cried into her little sisters shoulder.

"Not my Knight Shadow, no I will not accept he is dead. No he is not dead, he is hurt somewhere, but never dead. Please don't take him from me again." Mystic Shadow fell to the floor weeping when Guardian Caster appeared With Fire Caster.

"Today we lost our king." Guardian Caster whispered taking her Granddaughter into arms. "I am so sorry my child." She said kissing Mystic Shadow's forehead.

Mystic Shadow orbed out of the room and to the inlet where she and her love spent many hours. She cried and prayed for hours for her beloved. Knowing that he had to be dead to have been blown up by lightening bolts. She rocked back and forth remembering his kisses and touch, his laughter and smile.

"Oh Knight Shadow how do I go on without you?" She cried out to the heavens.

Her sobs carried through out the nights air and into heaven.