 David Conway sat at the bar of the smoke filled, crowded club, sipping from a glass of rum and coke and wincing at the loudness of the thundering techno music blaring throughout the place. Club Highwire was supposed to be the hottest dance club in town. From what his best friend and partner, Jimmy Chang, had enthusiastically exclaimed, it was also a great place to hook up with single women...not that David was in any mood to hook up tonight.

Beth, his girlfriend of almost three and a half years, had broken it off with him last week, after a particularly routine domestic disturbance had become not-so-routine, and one of the people in the house had opened fire on he and Jimmy. David had been on the police force for four years now, and this had been a first...he'd never once been shot at before. They had been lucky...the guy had been drunk, and had not connected with any of the wildly fired shots, and they were able to wrestle the gun away, but it was enough to scare Beth enough to give him an ultimatum. Leave the police force, or she was ending their relationship. Being a cop was all he had ever wanted to be and he wasn't prepared to give it up...and so, she had made good on her threat.

All week, Jimmy had been trying to convince him that he should use his off-work hours to get out and quit moping around his mostly-empty apartment. Although he'd tried to turn Jimmy down when he'd mentioned coming here this evening, Jimmy's down-to earth nature and relaxed coaxing had finally worked it's magic and here he was. The place was packed, people crammed tightly onto the dance floor, rubbing against each other in an almost erotic way, but in David's dark state of mind, all he could think about was getting out of the cramped club. Jimmy wouldn't notice...the last he'd seen of his diminutive oriental partner, he'd been dirty dancing out on the dance floor with a big breasted redhead.

He set a couple bucks tip down on the bar for the bartender and was about to leave, when he raised saw her from across the room. She was staring at him with an amused smile on her face, her gaze seeming to freeze him into inaction as their eyes met. She was beautiful, but different in appearance from the girls he'd been interested in in the past, her dark hair, pale skin, and sexy, low-cut black dress giving her an almost "goth" appearance. Their gazes locked and held...for how long, he didn't know. Looking into her eyes, he felt like a deer in the headlights, and felt a longing he never experienced before, and he felt almost as if he were drowning in her eyes, falling away from himself...

Suddenly, the strobe lights came on, and the deep bass beats of the techno music intensified, the crowd seeming to go wild, throwing their arms up and dancing with abandon, causing him to lose sight of her. It was like awakening from a trance. Shaking his head, as if to clear it, he put his jacket on, and fought his way to the entrance and walked out into the cool night air. Jimmy had drove him here, so he'd probably have to walk home, but it'd give him time to clear his head...something he desperately needed right now. Besides, he wasn't all that anxious to get home to his empty apartment all that quickly anyway. He started to walk, when he heard a sultry feminine voice come from behind him.

"I saw you looking at me."

He turned and she was standing there, a playful smile gracing her beautiful face. His eyes met hers again, and he felt that sensation of falling again, as she walked towards him. "I know you want me," she said, as she walked forward, taking his hand, her slender, fine boned fingers feeling cold to the touch, "I want you too, David."

He felt confused, his thoughs seeming thick and clouded in his mind, and he heard himself ask, "How do you know my name?" She smiled again, and said, "No questions, lover. Tonight is about pleasure. Come with me." She led him to a small apartment nearby, leading him as if he were sleepwalking. She motioned him to sit on the bed, and began to light candles, giving the room a soft flickering glow. She then slowly began to take off her clothing, her body stunningly beautiful, the candlelight playing across her alabaster skin. She began to walk towards him, and said, "It has been so long since I've been with someone, David...I've been so lonely. I need..."

She reached him, and began to kiss him as her hands began to undress him. He mouth met his, her tongue slipping between his lips, touching his, and the numb feeling was replaced by an overwhelming lustful desire. His arms began to move to wrap around her, but were met by her hands, pushing them away. "Lie back, my love," she said, and he felt compelled to to ask she asked. She finished stripping away his clothing, her eyes hungry with desire as she saw his erection standing at full attention.

Moving to the top of the bed, her eyes playing along his body, she took his arm and tied a silk scarf to his wrist, tying it to the bedpost. Part of his mind cried out in warning, but it was overwhelmed by his desire to please this goddess before him. She moved to the other side and tied his other arm, and then his legs as well. She smiled, seeming satisfied and then climbed atop him. Her hand wrapped around his hard cock and began to stroke, and David moaned in pleasure. 

Her eyes burned in need, and she looked down at his face and said, "Love me, David...make me feel...make me warm." She straddled his hips, her hand positioning his rock hard penis at the entrance of her wet pussy and she with no hesitance, she slowly impaled herself on his shaft, moaning in pleasure.

She began to buck her hips, and he met with steady thrusts, his eyes staring deep into hers. She moaned, her body shivering, her beautiful breasts bouncing, her hair moving wildly as she tossed her head from side to side. She began to buck more urgently, and he felt his own orgasm nearing. "Cum for me," she commanded, panting in arousal "fill me, David...I want it inside me."

It was as if his words were all he needed....he felt a wave of sheer pleasure wash over him, greater than he ever felt before, his body tensing, his muscles feeling like they were about to rip through his skin as his orgasm overtook him. With a loud, animalistic grunt, he felt himself shoot his essence deep inside her, and she moaned loudly, her body shivering...

"Ahh....mmmm....so warm," she moaned, her pussy muscles clenching all around him, seeming to greedily milk every last drop of semen from him, as he shuddered in pleasure, shooting over and over again.

She collapsed atop him, and he slowly slipped out of her. She moved up to kiss him, and he felt inflamed with desire for this strange woman yet again, kissing her passionately. Her lips met his, and then moved to his cheek, then his ear, then his neck....nibbling gently, before moving lower, licking his nipples then slowly trailing lower tongue flicking against his belly and then, her mouth found his slowly reawakening member.

She engulfed it, sucking enthusiastically, her hand stroking the base, and it wasn't long before he was hard again, moaning loudly, his legs quivering in pleasure. Her mouth left his cock, and he moaned in disappointment, until her hand began to stroke faster and her lips kissed along his inner thigh, tounge darting, mouth sucking, teeth biting...

He felt a sharp pain as she bit his inner thigh, but the pleasure she was giving him as she stroked him, dulled it, and he moaned with the combination of pain and pleasure. He could hear her mouth sucking wetly against his skin, her mouth seeming to draw all the heat from his body as his cock throbbed hard with arousal...it wouldn't be long before his next orgasm would arrive.

He heard her voice whisper, "Cum for me, my love..." and it didn't feel at all strange to him that this time her voice had not been spoken aloud, but had been in his mind. He was starting to feel weak, but the sensations she was bringing about in his body were more than he could bear any longer, her hand stroking faster, her mouth hot and wet against his inner thigh...he felt himself exploding, his semen shooting from him, landing wetly on his nude body...and then a wave of darkness washed over him, and he knew nothing more...

She retracted her fangs from David's femoral artery, watching as the last beats of his heart cause a small steam of blood to squirt from his wounds, and quickly bit her wrist, moving it up and placing it against David's mouth, dripping her lifeforce into his unconscious and dying body. She smiled in satisfaction as she saw him involuntarily swallow, secure in the knowledge that she had saved him from death...and given him eternal life.

She moved back down, lapping at the last vestiges of blood on his skin, and then, in impulse, licked the warm semen from his body as well, smiling in satisfaction.

Mortals were so easy to manipulate...so easy to control....so easy to feed from and discard...but this one was different. This one had something special about him...she had sensed it about him since she first had laid eyes on him at the club. He would have to be prepared, buried in the ground until the sun set and night fell tomorrow evening...but after that, he would be hers forever. He would be her mate....and she would no longer walk the night alone.