 In His wisdom, God gave man the seed of life … and all of the demons of Hell crave it.

Waking in the middle of the night from a sweet dream of finding yourself in the bedchamber of a virgin, something slithers at the foot of your bed. Red eyes open and, (in fixing on your person,) begin to glow fiercely. A low purr that reminds you of far-off thunder fills the air and you feel your manhood responding … jumping in welcome beneath the sheet. Dark hands grip at the mattress as she rises to stand before you. Her rounded, naked form glowing softly in the moonlight seeping into your room, she smiles. The curve of her mouth is sensual and promises pleasures you have never known but it is not the seductive, knowing smile of an experienced mortal woman nor the demure blush of the mortal virgin in your dream. It is cunning and sly and just the mere sight of her and in spite of knowing what she is, you shiver and feel your mouth fill with water in anticipation.

She flicks her hand and the fabric covering your body slides from you and cascades onto the floor. She laughs deep in her throat seeing your proudly eager erection, but her cruel, mocking laugh only excites you further.

You watch as she folds her leathery wings down against her back, as she runs a hand up her body from the full curve of one hip, over the slight swell of her stomach, through the valley between her ample breasts, and over her neck. She slides a finger into her mouth and strangely it feels as if it is your cock in her mouth in place of her finger. You moan loudly, your eyes closing and fluttering open as you look up at her in shock.

She moves her finger slowly and your hips begin to buck to match her pace.. You can feel her forked tongue tickling at you … wrapping around your head and squeezing gently. Unfurling her tongue, she slides it down the length … her fangs seem to graze your head lightly and you feel the warm, velvet wetness of her mouth as she slowly moves lower and lower.

The pleasure envelopes you and steals your senses. You accept the strangeness of the situation and you feel something else … something infinitely precious rising within your body. You break out in a sweat as she moves her mouth up and down on her finger. The pressure on your cock increases. Over and over your hips thrust upwards. She moves her finger faster and faster … deeper into her mouth and your body matches her rhythm perfectly. You feel her mouth closing on you tighter.

The sensations sweeping over you steal your breath from you and you feel the familiar sensation of your balls tightening and your cock becoming even more rigid. So close … so very close and she hasn't even touched you. Your eyes close and your head falls back against the pillow as you scream out in rapture. You open your eyes and, (lifting your head,) see that she is there between your legs, greedily drinking down your cum … her mouth finally wrapped around you in truth as you shoot volley after volley of your hot seed deep within her throat.

She doesn't stop and you remain completely rigid as she continues to suck at you. Quickly, you feel the unidentified thing within you focusing in your cock. She reaches one claw-tipped hand down and gently massages your balls and you whimper as you feel a portion of your purity leave your body via your cock. The loss of it is staggering, but before you have the time to contemplate it further, the succubus begins to moan around your cock and the fiery sound of it licks at your spine and sends a chill through your body.

Releasing you from her mouth, the succubus looks up at you and you can see the dark pleasure building within her. She gnashes her teeth and her claws curl within the sheet. You hear it ripping and despite the pleasant feel of her cheek against your cock you turn limp seeing the evil glee in her eyes. Her moan grows louder … louder. You wince in pain as the sound of her climax beats against your ear drums.

As her breathing normalizes, she sits back on the bed and spreads her legs. Almost of their own accord, your eyes leave hers and fix on the sight of her perfectly shaped pussy. A ragged moan escapes your lips as you feel your cock hardening and your desire to sink into her increases as your fear begins to fade.

When you move to mount her your limbs fail to respond and a desperate sound escapes your lips as you fight to make your body obey you. She chuckles and faintly shakes her head as she drinking in the confusion written on your face. You see her tail come around and the tip of it press against her outer lips and you feel the heat of her body against the tip of your cock. You cease your struggling as comprehension dawns within you and you watch in fascination as she teases you by slowly rubbing the tip of her tail along the wet length of her slit. She slides it slowly in, making you gasp for the almost unbearable heat that surrounds the head of your cock. She moves it slowly out. You feel tears forming in your eyes as she continues to tease you in this way … moving only a little deeper each time. You begin to weep silently with need before she finally plunges her tail deep within her gloriously tight hole.

"Fucking Hell!" you exclaim as you fight the need to cum already. She laughs loudly at your choice of words and the infectious loud of her mirth causes you to giggle like a giddy child. Your laughter is quickly replaced by a steady moan as she begins to pump her tail in and out of her and, (again,) your hips move to match her pace. Faster and harder you thrust as she enslaves the will of your body. You witness the dark perfection of her pussy being filled with meat and are mesmerized at the sight of her breasts bouncing with the ever deeper thrusts.

You fight the desire to close your eyes again as your pleasure builds higher and higher. You know she will mount you when you cum and you want the satisfaction of seeing it, but as your pleasure builds closer and closer to fulfillment your eyes clamp shut against the sharp pleasure that borders on pain. You feel her mount you suddenly… her claws digging into your chest, and you hear the steady, loud slap of her thighs on yours as she rides your cock. You pump furiously into her impossibly wonderful pussy as stream after stream of cum finally shoots into her and you cry out in triumph … and as before, she continues to fuck you and you feel the same sensation of loss as she takes her payment from you.

Her orgasm this time is less frightening but this time her eyes are closed. The pain in your eardrums is not as sharp and when you concentrate you find yourself forgetting that she is a hellish beast and you take a wicked pleasure in making her cum. She slides off your body and the smile she grants you is almost affectionate. You feel pride knowing that you have pleased her. You want to please her more and your still hard cock attests to this.

Grinning, she turns away from you and lowers her upper body on the bed. Her plump, firm ass seems to beg for a smack. You attempt to lift your hand, and are amazed that it answers you. Quickly, before she has a chance to change her mind, you smack her ass as hard as you dare. You feel some presence tickling at the dark corners of your mind and you know then what she wants you to do … God cannot help you because you want it too. You spread the globes of her smooth cheeks and can't seem to help bending down to taste her puckered hole … but your cock is aching and while you relish the strangely sweet taste of her flesh you position yourself to penetrate her asshole because you dare not try her patience further.

You press hard against the resisting flesh and shudder when you finally feel your head slide down into her. You move slowly forward not daring to hurt her, but she pushes back on you impatiently and sheaths you fully inside of her. She sets the rhythm this time by pushing back on your cock hard and fast and you match her thrust for thrust as you revel in the steady pull on your cock.

You pound into her harder and harder and you laugh insanely as you hear her finally moaning in response to the brutal treatment. Yes … if I can make her moan then I can make her scream! You use her asshole as roughly as you can and one hand leaves her hips to spank her hard as the other digs bruisingly into her flesh. Then you feel something snap inside of you and a devilish grin plays on your lips as you grab the lower ends of her wings and use them to pull her back on you.

She screams out in delight and you pull harder on her wings. You no longer care if you hurt her. You no longer think of her punishing you. You want to hurt her and you want to take the pleasure out of her scream. You grip her wings tighter and you feel the fragility of the membranes. You have your answer. You push your fingers through the membranes and curl your fists around the bone frame causing her to let out a blood-curdling shriek of pain and you smile as the blood drips down to coat your hands.

You continue to pump her ass for a few more strokes, but her cries of pain tell you that you have broken her … you have turned the succubus into a weeping girl and the incredible sense of power that fills you makes it impossible for you to wait any longer. You push hard into the depths of her bowels and dump your cum. You feel the last shred of the pure thing inside you rising and you grab onto it and push it out with your seed … demanding that your whore take her payment … and despite her cries of pain, you feel her shudder under you as you continue to pump her through her climax.

You move off of her quickly, suddenly disgusted by her now that you have had your fill of her, but you still take pride in the sight of her crumpled posture, the blood on your hands and the gaping hole in her ass.

But then a change comes over her and your smug smirk fades from your lips as you see the rends in her wings heal themselves. She turns and fixes you with a deadly look. You feel yourself tremble as you realize that the power never was yours and you wonder what horror she is about to do to you. She crawls on hands and knees up the bed and covers your body with hers. She bends her head to bite your lip and the coppery taste informs you that she drew blood but the terror within you prevents any sound from forming in your throat.

She sits up and straddles your waist. She touches a finger to your bleeding lip and then to your blood-covered hands. She swirls the blood together and then traces a thick line down the center of your chest. She repeats the mixing of blood and then paints another line across the width of your chest over the last, forming an inverted cross of blood.

She moves off you and the bed and begins to chant something … you have no idea what language she speaks but the snake-like quality of her voice and the raw evil in her tone paralyze your body. Then you see three separate lights coursing in her body … each light originating from each of her holes and you realize with a sinking feeling of dread that it is your soul she is gathering.

And she will come to you as a thief in the night, tempting the weak as the serpent did tempt Eve. Woe onto he who partakes of the unholy trinity of her fruit for it is filled with damnation everlasting.