 After a long, hard day of work in the law firm where he was made partner past autumn, Thomas enjoyed the prospect of having a cool beer on his apartment's balcony soon. 

Whistling, he walked from the low rise office park, crossing the parking lot towards his car. It was a hot day, air wavering above the black asphalt, yellow weeds sprouting from cracks and potholes in the ground. 

An old fence, the paint peeling off and covered in rust, separated the lot from the adjacent commerce buildings. Spotting his car broadened the grin on his face. 

He just had purchased the red Audi convertible the previous year, after making partner with his firm. "What a great day!" he thought, humming as he walked. 

The car complimented him perfectly: tall and handsome, gray hair, white at the hairline. His chin and jaw line pronounced, he was considered quite the catch among the single girls in his apartment building.

He tossed his document case and laptop on the Audi's backseat, jumped into the driver's seat without opening the door, slumped back, arm stretched out behind the passenger seat's headrest, resting for a moment. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the hot afternoon sun on his face, taking a deep breath.

A few spots over two women in a black SUV observed him as he walked from the office building over the parking lot. On the SUV's driver seat sat a busty blonde with large, dark sunglasses. 

Her facial features were well defined and beautiful, her cheek bones naturally high, her lips soft, and her skin smooth like silk. 

She wore make-up, pink shades above her eyes, red lipstick. She turned her head to face the woman next to her and said, with a voice used to exert authority, "This is him. Let's get a sample and verify the quality". 

The black haired woman nodded briefly and opened the door. As she stepped onto the hot asphalt, her long, black hair fell loosely down her slim neck and distinctively pointed out her female elegance, and together with her deep, green eyes giving her a mythical, almost magical beauty. 

The blonde had walked around the car and together they started walking over to Thomas' red Audi parked a few spots over.

He opened his eyes as a shadow fell over his face. "Can we get a ride?" the blonde hottie asked, bending over to show her impressive cleavage. 

The black haired beauty next to her smiled and nodded "We'd love to go for a quick... ride", a teasing expression in her eyes, voice luscious. 

She breathed the words more than she spoke them. Thomas could not find words for an answer. He risked a glance at each girl, careful for his gaze not to remain on the blonde's cleavage for too long. 

He did not want to appear too desperate. 

The women were dressed in expensive clothes, most certainly no hookers. 

Although not versed in fashion he could tell the difference between an outfit bought at the Walmart around the corner or in a designer boutique in downtown New York. 

His mind was racing, his mouth dry- was this a joke? The blonde was just hot- everything about her screamed Sex! 

How she stood in next to the car, bent over inside, almost like to challenge him, her purse hanging cool down her shoulder, bouncing against the car door, her hair bound back into a pony tail, giving her a strict look that he liked so much. 

Although leaving much to imagination, her light blue blouse fit snug around her breasts, almost too snug. 

Her full breasts pressing and squeezing against the garment, almost as attempting to rip open the delicate fabric and then jump out in front of him, presenting themselves. 

Her flat belly below was emphasized by the blouse, fitting tightly into the pair of jeans below that clearly outlined her swung hips and triangle pointing down towards the gap between her thighs. 

The black haired girl was less of an obvious sex bomb but more like a delicate flower, an exotic beauty queen, a sex goddess. There was definitely some foreign influence in her facial features. Thomas couldn't say which. 

Less aggressive, more delicate facial features, her clothes not as tight, she was beautiful in a natural way and she knew it. Her long hair fell down in loose waves, a dark screen against her neck and shoulders, head slightly tilted to the side, still the teasing smile, big, green eyes the color of a tropical lagoon, she was dressed in a creamy white skirt and green spaghetti top complementing her eyes, an unbuttoned yellow cardigan loosely covering her shoulders.

He decided to risk becoming the victim of a weird office hoax. The potential reward was simply too great. 

Without saying word, of which his dry mouth and trembling lips would not have been capable anyway, he leaned over and opened the passenger door. 

The blonde giggled happily and swung her incredible behind skillfully onto the passenger seat. 

Behind him the black haired girl took a seat.

Thomas could smell their perfumes. Their female odor and close presence let his imagination run wild with pictures of what might come, made his knees go soft. 

He cleared his throat and attempted a deep, masculine voice "Ladies, where do you want to go?" he squeaked. 

Both girls giggled, the black haired girl breathed in his ear "No need to be nervous. We don't bite, normally". 

Embarrassed he cleared his throat again, said "Thanks. Where do you want to go?" The blonde bit her lip softly, gave him a deep look that sent his pulse through the roof, said "How about your place?" 

He nodded, started the car and pulled out of the parking lot, into Boston's rush hour traffic.

"Maximum red, of course" he thought and cursed inwardly. The car had stopped at the fifth red light in a row. 

Thomas was nervous, afraid the girls would change their minds, get out of the car. 

Little did he know of their true intentions, the dark sect that had them under control, sent them to find him. 

The blonde next to him opened her purse, took out some sort of lipstick and ran it over her red, full lips, upper first, then lower, finally pressing them together, smacking content at a glance in the mirror. 

The lipstick had made her lips shiny and glossy. 

Inevitably, Thomas had to imagine what they could do to his dick, how they would part slightly to allow his thick head into her mouth, lips sticky with lip gloss sliding around the tip of his dick, kissing and sucking. He shuddered.

The girl in the back leaned forward against the back of his seat, her arm extending towards the radio, brushing against his side, making him shiver, tremble almost visibly. 

He was praying that they would not see the bulging lump between his legs. She turned up the volume slightly, whispering into his ear "Do you have some Rock'n'Roll music? I would do anything! for some Rock right now." 

Her hand touched his thigh, sliding back to remain on his hip, making it unmistakably clear that that's exactly where she wanted it to be.

The car behind him beeped and he jerked up. The light ahead must have been green for a few seconds already. 

He cursed, hit the accelerator, too hard. The beauty behind him was thrown back in her seat, her hand pulled away from his hip. 

She shrieked in delight, the busty blonde next to him grinning, giving him a cocky look from the side. 

"Samantha, you better hold on to something hard, we don't want you falling out the car, right?" 

The black haired girl leaned forward, chest pressed against his seat, her lips brushing against his ear lobe, breathing softly "Can I hold on to you?" 

He nodded, eagerly. Her arms circled his seat and came to rest just below his belly button, dangerously close the lump in his jeans. Her thumbs caressed his abdomen. His belly muscles spasmed and he felt his dick moist against his pants. He almost lost it, innerly cursing the long way home.

Thankfully traffic on the Pike wasn't too bad, unusually for a Tuesday afternoon, maybe a sign, a helping hand? Who knew. 

The blonde with the glossy lips turned her head , gave her friend a smile, raised an eyebrow mockingly and said to Thomas "I'm Susan, by the way." 

"And I'm Samantha", the girl in the back exhaled, her breath filling his nostrils, the female smell and hope for sex blurring his mind. 

A thought of deceit and prostitutes crossed his mind but he brushed it aside quickly- too expensively dressed, and no prostitute could pull off an act that long. 

And he was too aroused to stop anyway. Also, he thought, if that was a hoax then someone had to have paid them, and if they were professionals they would not be cheap. And no one in the office would spend that sum on a stupid hoax.

He replied "Nice to meet you! I'm Thomas" Nice to meet you- what a moron! He scolded himself. What a ridiculous thing to say in this situation. 

"I'm Thomas." he heard himself repeat, wanted to smack himself with a fist on the head. 

"Thomas... I like it- like a Tomcat, a male cat, a male lion, leader of his pack of lionesses- rawrr" Susan formed her hand into a mock paw, scratching his side. 

Samantha giggled in the back and softly spoke into his ear "The lion can f**k any of his girls whenever and wherever he wants... Isn't that envious?" 

She was so close that his ear was moist from her breath. Hot and cold waves run up and down his body, he trembled, his dick pressing so hard against his crotch that it hurt. 

He stepped on the accelerator. The girls giggled, exchanging telling looks.

Finally he pulled into the roofed garage of his apartment complex, found his spot, parked the car. A lousy job! Too close to another car on the passenger side. 

He looked at Susan, concerned that his failed parking attempt shied them away. She did not mind squeezing out of her side, apparently.

"Finally!" Samantha said and opened the door in the back, getting out. Susan raised an eyebrow, returning his looks, asking "are we going?". 

He almost jumped to open his door. Samantha stood so close, he had trouble getting out. He had to brush against her, again taking in her sweet smell, feeling her silken skin as he brushed against her arm. 

She took his right hand, gently pulling, whispering "let's go! Come on!" Susan meanwhile squeezed out through the passenger door, coming around, taking his left, smiled "Yeah, let's go!" She said determined with a nod in direction of the entrance door. 

The trio crossed the garage floor, Thomas in the middle, soft knees, like in a dream. 

He wanted to pull the keys out of his pocket, realized he was holding a girl's hand in each of his. 

He slightly twisted and pulled his right hand to for Samantha to let go, but she only smiled at him and reached into his pocket, searching for the key. 

She was bumping into rock hard flesh, looked up at him, gave Susan a wink, smiled and stroked his shaft with the back of her hand. 

Both girls smiled at him, Samantha still fishing for the key, bumping into his shaft again, harder. 

Did she do it on purpose? She must feel it, Thomas thought, his entire body trembling. 

Finally she found the key, opened the door and they walked through into an empty, gloomy corridor. 

Thomas nodded to the right, towards the elevators, said "This way" and they started walking down the corridor, towards the elevator doors. 

The lights had come on automatically and Susan found the call button. 

They stood, waiting. He looked at the elevator doors as if he expected something important to happen that required his full attention, unsure whether to start a conversation or not. 

Gratefully, the elevator doors opened, relieved him from awkward silence. They got in, shuffled to face the door, the girls not letting go of his hands, making Thomas feel slightly awkward, almost as if it they were afraid that he would shake himself free and run. 

"Which floor?" Samantha asked? "7" he replied, watched as she depressed the button, admired her graceful, fluid movements, took in her well defined muscles that added to her incredibly sexy, female outline, her smooth skin, her smell. 

The elevator stopped at floor 7, the doors opened, and following his nod they stopped in front of his apartment door. Samantha opened the lock and together they entered.

Thomas' apartment was a modern condo, the entrance door opening into a wide living room with a huge window front overlooking Boston downtown. 

An open kitchen to the right, a closed door leading to the bedroom to the left. Contemporary, marble floors worked well with high ceilings, a dark rug underneath a white leather group in front of a fireplace. An oversize flat screen TV above it. Neat, tidy. No clutter, no unnecessary plunder, no decorations. Minimalistic. 

The girls looked around. Smiling, nodding approvingly. Susan let go of his hand, took a step to stand in front of him, turned to face him, a canny smile on her lips, head slightly bent downwards, eyes looking up, directly into his. 

He heard the door fall shut behind him, the lock snapping shut, Samantha brushed up against him, kissing his neck, reaching forward to take both his hands, pulling them towards her until his fingers touched behind his back. 

"Just in case you decide to play the gentleman and pretend to struggle against her", she hushed into his ear "We can't wait any longer!" 

He did not really understand what she meant, he did not even wonder, nor care. He only had eyes for Susan who slowly went down on her knees before him, until she reached out towards his crotch, her hand finding the lump in his pants, depressing it, caressing it, and then she slowly unzipped his pants. 

The expression on her face curious, questing, almost greedy for his flesh. 

He could only gasp as her hand intruded through his underwear, finally found his pulsating shaft, reached around it, her nails sliding along his hard, throbbing cock. 

She grabbed him firmly, pulled out, admiring his enormity. She slid her loosely closed hand up and down a few times, admired how hard it was. Then she peeled back his skin, exposed his head.

Thomas drew in air, his stomach muscles contracting, panting.

Samantha pushed against him firmly, her head coming alongside his, trying to catch a glimpse of his pipe. 

"Wow, so big!" She whispered into his ear "I bet it's as hard as Rock". She bit into his earlobe, sucking at it, breathing against him. 

Susan meanwhile had come closer. She opened her mouth to caress his exposed head with tongue and lips. 

In circular motions she licked around his purple tip, then kissed it. Slimy strings stretched between his moist tip and her glossy lips. 

Finally, she took it in, first only the tip, then the whole shaft. He could not believe that she actually got it all in! She didn't even struggle or gag. 

Samantha let go of his hands, reached around, cupped his balls, massaging them gently, then came forward, went down next to Susan, her cheek brushing against Susan's, waiting her turn. 

Susan pressed her forehead against Thomas' belly, the entire length of his dick in her throat. She still did not gag. 

Then, she closed her lips firmly around him, pulled her head pack and with a loud "plop" his cock came out of her mouth. She gasped for air as Samantha shifted and took it in immediately, almost greedy for his flesh. 

She was at least as skilled as the blonde. Her head slid back and forth along his shaft, her mouth wide open, looking up into his face, kissing, sucking, moaning. 

Susan came on from his right, kneeled down, one hand on the floor, and with trained tongue brought his right testicle into her mouth, sucking, caressing, licking with her tongue while unbuttoning her blouse. 

Thomas was moaning, arching his back in pleasure and ecstasy. He wanted to lean back against the door but he was afraid to pull out of the girls hungry, sucking mouths. 

Samantha grabbed his butt cheeks from both sides, squeezing hard, saliva running down her chin and dropping on the floor while her head was bobbing back and forth rhythmically, along the entire length of his penis.

Susan, his testicle still in her mouth, caressing with lips and tongue, had taken her blouse off, her full breasts barely held in check by a black push-up bra she wore. 

Samantha pulled her head back until his thick, wet dick slid out in between her lips, swaying up and down in front of her. 

A final kiss to his tip and Susan took over, greedy, like a calf latching on to her mothers udder, she latched on to his cock, glossy lips feeling sticky on his most sensitive parts. 

Samantha came up behind her, reached around her waist and opened the hooks that held Susan's black bra together against huge tits. 

Finally, she wrestled it open and enormous breasts gushed out like water through a flood gate, nipples pointing slightly upwards. 

Perfect breasts. Samantha cupped them with her hands, massaging, lifting them, then taking Susan's nipples between her thumbs and index fingers, pulling them until Susan moaned. 

The blonde let go of his dick, exclaimed in mock outrage "Hey, careful!" 

While she was still hungrily ate his dick, Samantha twisted around her, shifted in a good position to caress her tits with her mouth. 

She took the right one in between her lips, sucking gently while she curled the other between her fingers, moaning softly. 

The smacking sounds of his cock gliding in and out of the blonde's mouth and the kissing sounds that Samantha made while working on erect nipples drove Thomas deeper into ecstasy. 

His legs were twitching and his back arched so hard that it hurt.

Both girls stopped before he reached a point of no return, stood, turning to each other, their sides facing towards him, allowing him to take in the full beauty of their amazing bodies. 

Susan smiled at him, the same mischievous smile as before, laughed mockingly and uttered "I think we should give him a break. 

"I'm not quite done yet." She bent forward and kissed Samantha, lips closing upon each other, tongues caressing, hands sliding up and down, finding exposed flesh and nipples, tucking, pulling, caressing. 

Susan went down on one knee, opened Samantha's skirt, pulled it down. Thomas could see that she wore no underwear beneath. Her pussy was clean shaved except for a neat landing strip above her slit. 

She put Samantha's knee on top of her shoulder, allowing for better access to her silky pussy. 

First a soft kiss, a lick of the tongue, then a firmer kiss, hands holding on tight, digging into Samantha's buttocks. 

Susan's head pushed into between her legs, forcing them apart, opening her up wide. 

Samantha's head flung back, her hair flying, uttering a moan towards the ceiling, grabbing Susan's head, pulling it in harder towards her. 

Thomas could see the blonde's tongue flicking over exposed flesh, wetting, parting, probing in between spread lips.

In between gasps Samantha turned towards Thomas, moaning "Help her!" Unsure what to do he stepped forward. 

He decided to kiss her, grabbed her neck, pulled her head towards his, kissed her passionate, his other hand sliding up against her belly, underneath her top, feeling, searching, finding her breast, no bra!

He caressed her hard nipples, twisted and squeezed them. She pulled against his grip, back from his kiss, gasped for air, moaned loudly, shuddered. 

He could hear Susan's smacking kisses, saw her mouth open and close for each intense kiss, tongue thrusting deep.

Samantha pushed Susan's head away, taking her leg down. 

Susan's mouth immediately found Thomas' dick, opening to take it in again, her lips wet and shiny. 

Her head jerking back and forth and Thomas placed one hand on her head to help her find the rhythm that he liked, the other hand firmly gripped her pony tail for additional control. 

He looked down, fascinated about how her lips slid along his member, her breasts swaying with every thrust. 
