 Good evening Boils and Ghouls, and by that, I mean readers over the age of eighteen. Tonight's gory is about a man who is hoping to have the fright of his life, but soon finds that he is in over his dead and has bitten off more than he can goo. I would like to hacknowledge my deaditors MagicaPractica and margarita for treading through a terrifying maze of madverbs, comma slices, sentence gagments, and strangling modifiers. Enjoy and Happy Halloween!

The anticipation is starting to get the better of me. To avoid pacing, which is a guaranteed way to get on my wife's nerves, I'm testing and retesting the traps around the house: the killer clown, the haunted kitchen, the backyard maze, and my favorite, the coffin ride to hell. 

Satisfied with the traps, I head down to the wine cellar for a pre-game drink. A sliver of light escapes through the crack of the cellar door and casts itself against the brick basement wall. Did I really leave the light on again? I've spent so much time and effort creating frightful illusions that I'm quick to scare if I find something out of place that wasn't by my design.

I open the door slowly and peek into the wine cellar. "Who's there?" I ask.

Nothing but an expansive collection of wine, of course. Quit being ridiculous. I grab a bottle and turn off the light on my way out, making a mental note of it this time. 

With two wine glasses in hand, I return to the second floor. Approaching the master bedroom, I see Livia putting on her lipstick in front of the mirror. Her jet-black hair and icy hazel eyes make her an especially intimidating accomplice. Livia isn't just dressing up as a Hungarian tonight, she really is one. When I met this gorgeous Eastern European model with a sadistic temperament that rivals mine, what choice did I have but to make her my wife?

"How do I look?" Livia asks. She never fails to excite me with that accent of hers.

"You are equal parts gorgeous and dangerous. Why don't you give me a spin?"

Livia cracks a smile and does a spin, as requested. She is quite a sight: a crisscrossed ribbon laces up the front of the dress, her big bosoms bulging at the bust line, and silk gloves extend to her elbows. Livia is dressed up as Elizabeth Báthory, the legendary, bloodthirsty Countess and I couldn't imagine a more suitable costume choice for her.

"Come test your fangs, Clive. You don't want them falling out."

Livia presents her neck to me and I take in the intoxicating scent of her perfume. I kiss her on the neck and press the plastic tips of my fangs against her skin. She moans with approval and cringes slightly, waiting for me to give her a hard bite. There will be time for that later.

I turn to check myself in the mirror. My costume is a classic Bela Lugosi Dracula with a black tuxedo and white bow tie. I look intense and downright handsome with my hair combed back and my dark eyebrows furrowed in anger. The Count and Countess are officially ready for a carefully orchestrated night of costumed debauchery.

"This isn't going to be like last year?" Livia asks.

"Of course not. I double checked every single detail," I reply, defensively. "You can't let one bad year ruin almost a decade of tradition. It was a fluke. Now, let's toast."

I lift my glass and Livia does the same.

"To our new slave girl."

"To our new slave girl. For one week," Livia reminds me.

"Yes, just a week. We'll be bored with her after that," I say, picking up on a hint of jealousy. Livia was only twenty when I met her and here we are ten years later, still going strong on a steady diet of sadistic, sexual thrills. She likes the young women just as much as I do, perhaps even more.

We make our way to the balcony and notice two tiny headlights in the distance. One of our drivers has nearly completed his climb up the hilltop driveway with one of our special guests in tow. I'd like to see the looks on their faces when they pull up to this ominous looking estate. We have several homes, but I am partial to this hilltop mansion in western Massachusetts, which I refer to as Castle Atwood. With the unmatched foliage scenery and the eerie nearby cemeteries sporting old tombstones, jutting out from the hills in every which way, it is truly a Halloween lover's paradise.

I remain at the top of the staircase and Livia carefully descends to answer the front door, filling the lofty foyer with the reverberation of clicking heels. 

Rhea is the first to arrive. She is a nineteen-year-old Filipina cutie. Her tan breasts and bubble butt were on display in the pictures she sent us earlier this month, but nothing beats seeing her in person. Livia proceeds with a necessary frisk and phone check, as this troublesome teenybopper is a self-professed selfie and social media addict.

"Hi Mr. Atwood!" Rhea calls up to me with a wave. The schoolgirl costume is an excellent choice and made even better with the addition of nerdy glasses. Already I can see that her plaid skirt is probably not long enough to cover the bottoms of her butt cheeks.

"Good evening, Rhea. You can refer to me as Count from this point forward. Allow me to show you to your room."

She climbs the stairs with her travel bag and stands before me. Her nipples are poking out of that tie-on white top of hers. I want to help myself to a feel, as is perfectly acceptable in our arrangement, but I resist. I like to at least put on the guise of being a gentleman, even if I am anything but. I lift my cape in a dramatic fashion and drape it around her shoulder.

"Right this way."

"Count, is it okay that I didn't wear any panties?" Rhea asks me upon entering her room. She lifts her skirt to show off her bare pussy and then turns to reveal to her butt, giving me an innocent smile over her shoulder. It is quite bold of her to think I will be so easily seduced.

"Panty free is perfectly fine for tonight. However, Livia will dress you as she sees fit, assuming you are offered the job."

I overhear the second guest climbing the stairs and make an abrupt exit, catching a glimpse of Rhea's frown as I slip away. I rush into the bedroom down the hall, pulling the door closed behind me, and I turn off the lights. Soon enough there are two small shadows at the bottom crack of the door and the knob begins to turn.

Our second guest opens the door and lets out a scream of surprise when she sees me standing a few feet in front of her with my cape extended. My wife is standing behind her and lets out a laugh at her expense. I can see from the blonde hair that it is Emilia.

"Sorry, sir. You scared me," Emilia says, flustered and blushing. She is wearing a German beer maid costume and hiding her huge natural breasts behind a ruffled white top. It is an astute costume choice, considering how many drinks she will be serving me if she lands the job.

I step forward and take Emilia's chin into my hand while my wife put her hands up the back of her skirt for a feel of her ass. Something about this girl looks familiar to me. I wonder if I spent too much time ogling her pictures during the recruiting stages. 

Emilia is a bit paranoid and perhaps ashamed of this highly unusual arrangement which is—let's face it—-tantamount to prostitution. Unlike the other girls, I get the feeling that innocent Emilia has never done anything close to what we have planned for her.

"I haven't scared you yet, Emilia. Would you like me to scare you?"

"If it pleases you, sir," she responds.

Livia raises her eyebrows with approval from over Emilia's shoulder.

"That was a good answer," I tell her, still scanning and trying to figure out how I know that face.

The sound of the doorbell interrupts us and Livia rushes off to go answer the door. I stay for a moment to take in Emilia's big blue eyes and bleach blonde hair. 

"Does anyone know that you are here tonight?"

"No, sir. I'm following your rules," she assures me.

"I think you are going to fit right in. Do you like to do as you are told?"

"I do, sir."

"Well you can start with this—I want you to call me Count. Understood?"

"Understood, Count."

I let go of her chin and rush past her, my cape flowing behind me as I approach our final guest at the top of the stairway.

"And you must be Zoey."

"Hello, Count," she says, unenthusiastically, chewing her gum. "I already met the Countess. Nice place."

Zoey is the brat of the bunch. She's only eighteen and has plenty of attitude to go with her emo style. Her banged black hair outlines a pasty face which is highlighted in dark purple lipstick and eyeshadow.

"I'm a sexy witch," Zoey explains. That is no lie. Her black gown is tiny and revealing and she does well to match it with fishnet stockings and a lace choker around her neck. Aside from the witch's hat, I imagine this is her normal everyday attire.

"Your room is right around the corner, third door on the... fright."

Zoey rolls her eyes and makes her way to the room. Livia and I stand in the hallway and look over the three occupied guest rooms with a sigh of relief. All three girls made it on time and are now officially ours for the evening.

"They are pretty much like we expected," I comment.

"The slut, the saint, and the bitch," Livia adds with a giggle.

"Any favorites?"

"I like Zoey. Punishment is always more enjoyable when they deserve it," Livia quips. "And you?"

"Emilia scares easily, which is a plus in my book. Rhea will do anything that we want. Tough choice."

I call the girls into the hallway and they quickly exit their respective guest rooms to line up in front of us.

"Ladies, I would like to officially welcome you to Castle Atwood on this fine Halloween Eve. We ask that you not refer to us as Clive and Livia, but instead Count and Countess from this point forward. By the end of the evening, only one of you will be chosen to spend the next seven nights with us for the sum of fifty thousand dollars. This is very serious money for a very serious job. No one will ever know about what takes place here. You have offered up your bodies to us this evening in exchange for this opportunity, and we will gladly indulge ourselves in due time. Are there any questions?"

"Have you done this before with other girls?" Emilia asks.

I share a glance with my wife and clear my throat. "We have hired college girls like yourselves in the past and sent them on their way safely and in a much better position to afford their costly tuition. However, it turned out that some were not ultimately up to the task. This why we are hosting our first ever competition. Tonight will be a trial run to see who, if any of you, would be a good fit for the job."

"When are you going to pick a maid?" Zoey asks.

"Slave," I say, correctively. "The girl that we select will have maid duties, but I don't want to be misleading. We are looking for an obedient sex slave to serve my wife and me, nothing less."

"When do you pick the slave?" Rhea chimes in with the change in terminology, cementing her status as teacher's pet and highlighting her sharp instinct to undermine the other girls.

"At the stroke of midnight."

I ponder my statement for a second, wondering if I won't literally be stroking my cock at midnight and cumming all over their pretty faces.

"Count," Livia says to me with a nudge, noticing that I've lost my train of thought.

"Ahem, now, the Countess and I are going to make some preparations. We'll leave you to get settled in to your rooms, but don't get too settled. You are all expected in the study at nine pm."

"Where is the study?" Emilia asks.

Livia and I shared a wicked smile and she responds.

"Finding the study is part of the fun. Good luck!"

