 Jason looked once again at the girl's naked body, barely visible in the twilight. She was staked to the ground in an "X" position, her arms and legs outstretched and splayed. They said her name was Xiana, and that she claimed to have walked down from Manitoba and to be free of the virus. But they did not believe her and had tortured and raped her.

Jason looked up the mountain. The fortress of the Dominion gleamed in the moonlight, a dark citadel of death. He had been called here as he wandered alone through the Barrens, inexorably pulled by scent of pheromones, just like the other males in the loosely bonded "tribe" that surrounded him. He had once lived in such a fortress, but his memories of that existence were dark and hazy, decayed over the course of seven years' wandering in the desert. They said the Fems ate most of their sons, but released some into the Wilds when they achieved puberty. To propagate the race, he supposed, although the thoughts of the Fems, if indeed there were any, were opaque to members of his sex.

It had not always been that way. Some of the old-timers still spoke of a time before the Gene War, when men and women lived in relative harmony, at least in comparison to the way things were now, although the thoughts of women were as impenetrable to men then as they were now.

But that was before the DCCB, the Dirty Cuban Commie Bastards (whoever they were) unleashed the spider retrovirus upon North America. Now to mate with a Fem was death. Just like female spiders, they would eat you the moment you deposited your seed in their belly. Their venom was powerful enough to paralyze you with a single bite. They could inject their gastric juices in you, liquefy your guts while you were still alive, and suck your insides out as easily as a kid downing a milkshake through a straw. If you were fast and clever enough, you might escape the Fem's clutches, but she would track you down relentlessly, never resting content until all of you resided in her belly.

Parts of Canada had been spared the virus, and the girl Xiana claimed to be from Manitoba. Jason thought that she might be telling the truth. Anyway, no one, not even a Fem, deserved the treatment the tribe had meted out to her. He slowly walked back toward the camp, ready to set things right.

When Jason began to pull up the stake holding down her right arm, the girl began to shake her head back and forth and to mutter something unintelligible through the ball gag and tape that covered her mouth. Jason began to remove the gag, and Xiana whispered, "No. They are still watching. You must wait until they are asleep."

As Jason began to rise, the girl said, "No. You can't go. They have seen you coming here. You must use me as the others have and then come back later, or they will know your intent."

Jason had not seen a woman's naked body (or even a woman's clothed body) since he was released from the Fems' fortress seven years ago. Xiana's words had a powerful effect on his groin, which suddenly sprang into action, just as it did when he dreamed. 

"You must take off your clothes," Xiana said, and Jason complied. When he removed his breechcloth, he was startled to see his pee-thing standing at attention, jutting into the air. It throbbed and filled him with desire.

"You must place that in me," Xiana told him, indicating his cock with her eyes. There is a place between my legs where you must put it. It should be easy, the way they have my legs staked."

Jason bent down to replace the ball gag in her mouth. 

"No, leave it off," she said. "I must tell you of my plan."

"I'm afraid that you might bite me, liquefy me," Jason said.

Xiana whispered, "Honey, I'm from Manitoba. The virus didn't reach there. Besides, even I were from the Dominion, I would be a fool to liquefy you. You are my ticket out of here." 

Jason slowly lowered his body upon the girl's. She arched her pelvis up to grant him greater access. He felt the curls of her pubic hair brushing against his throbbing and pulsating cock. Every instinct in him cried out to enter her naked flesh. He lowered his body so that the tip of his cock brushed against the lips of her passage. Then he shoved forward so that his cock was buried in her up to the hilt.

"Now move it in and out of me," Xiana whispered. Jason moved it a little way out at first but could not bring himself to leave the tingling walls of her cunt, and then moved it back it as she had told him to. The pleasure surpassed anything that Jason had thought possible.

As he began to move back and forth, Xiana arched her back and he could feel her breasts as they rose to meet his chest. With some trepidation, he lowered his head down to her face. Her mouth opened as it rose to meet his. Their lips touched and Jason felt her tongue flicker out to meet his own. They explored the wonders of each other's mouths as Jason began to move faster and faster in her inner passage. Her tongue exited his mouth and traced its way down his cheek. Xiana took his earlobe into his mouth and caressed it tenderly with her tongue. She arched her back and Jason could feel the tips of her breasts brushing against his skin as he began to fuck her even more intensely. His hands explored her skin, his fingers tracing their way over the bones in her ribcage. Then he cupped her firm breasts in his hands, feeling her erect nipples as he began to pound his way in and out of her cunt at a faster and faster pace. Her tongue explored his inner ear as she arched her body to press it tightly against his, straining against the ropes that bound her arms. Jason could feel the pleasure mounting so that his cock, not his mind, controlled his body. Finally, he shoved it in violently up to the hilt, burying himself in her as he shot his seed into her womb.

They rested for a while, the girl's soft hair brushing against his cheek as she whispered her plan into his ear.

Two hours later, they were running through the forest, leaving the startled cries coming from the camp behind them. Xiana's nude body glistened in the moonlight as she ran before him. Despite his terror, Jason could almost feel himself getting hard again. That's when he ran into the web. Jason suddenly found himself suspended helplessly like a caterpillar in a cocoon, as he watched Xiana's naked body bounding away into the forest.

"Hey there, bright eyes. I see you're awake at last," said a cheerful female voice. Jason looked at the intense whiteness of the ceiling high above. He was strapped nude on some kind of hospital gurney topped by a metal apparatus, his chest and legs tightly bound by strands of spider silk. He knew at once where he was. The Dominion.

"Are you going to eat me?" he asked in a terrified voice.

"Oh, no sugar, you've got valuable genes. They tested you. Don'cha worry about a thing, cutie pie. They'll keep you around for two years. Then they'll eat you. That's the policy."

Jason looked around at the sterile chamber. "Do you think there a chance that the policy will be rescinded?" he asked.

"No, I don't think so. Not unless we find the right genes," said the nurse. "We have to eat you. It's in our instincts. Nothing personal, you understand. Hi. My name is Millie, and I will be taking care of you tonight."

Just then, seven naked girls ran into the room and began to lick and explore every inch of Jason's body with their extremely active tongues. One licked his ear, while a second climbed on top of him, her wet cunt sliding on Jason's naked chest as she took Jason's rigid cock in her mouth and began swirling her tongue around the underside of its hood. A fourth and fifth took Jason's left and right balls in their respective mouths. A sixth slithered upon the gurney and began to probe Jason's anus with her tongue. The seventh forced her tongue down Jason's mouth, while the second took the full length of his cock in her mouth and began nipping it at the base of it as though she wanted to chew it off. The fourth and fifth began to alternately nip and lick Jason's balls, and the seventh tightly grabbed his tongue with her teeth.

Suddenly, the door to the chamber opened, and in strolled a very tall Fem in a formal uniform of some kind. The seven girls quickly scattered away from Jason's body. "We're sorry, Captain. We just can't help ourselves sometimes."

"You must forgive these skelldings," the Captain told Jason. They have not yet mastered the mental discipline of kung pao. They will not bother you again."

The seven girls slithered out of the chamber as quickly as they had entered.

Three Fems in sterile white uniforms then entered in the Captain's wake and quickly assembled behind her.

"Good Evening, Jason," the Captain said. "Let me explain what we're going to do here and why.

"We Fems are trying to find a way of dealing with the spider retrovirus. We don't like this situation any more than you men do. We have found some promising gene variants on the Y-chromosome that we might be able to tweak in a way that will alter the structure of the pheromones you males emit after fucking us, so that we will not be driven so crazy with hunger that we eat you. We want a cure as much as you do.

"So you see Jason, despite what you may have hear about us, we are not monsters," she exclaimed, thrusting her mandibles forward as if to emphasize this point.

"To conduct our research, we need fresh live sperm and plenty of it. But not just any sperm. It has to be exactly the right type, your type. So we are going to milk you, Jason, so that we can have an endless supply of your sperm for our laboratory. So you see, you will be serving mankind by donating this precious bodily fluid and perhaps even saving the world itself. And at the same time, you will be feeling intense pleasure, far beyond anything that you may have experienced in your pathetic wanderings through the Barrens. So you see, it's a win-win situation that will benefit everyone."

"What about the two-year policy?" asked Jason in a shaky voice. "How is that a win for me?"

"You make a good point. But if this works and we find a cure, we won't feel compelled to kill you. We would let you go." 

"Allow me to introduce Lola," the Captain said, indicating the voluptuous and very human-looking redhead standing behind her. She will be serving as the Receptacle tonight. It is great honor among our people to chosen as the Receptacle. Only the most beautiful and voluptuous of the Sisters may serve in this capacity. We want to extract the most sperm possible, and she is going to help us."

Lola, looking very human and a fine exemplar of her sex at that, stepped free of her robe. Her body was perfection, natural breasts that would make the most perfectly molded silicone implants turn green with envy, flawless alabaster skin, and long wavy dark red hair that reached down her back to the tip of her perfectly shaped ass.

Lola climbed up on the table of the machine, where she was at once strapped in with her firm legs splayed apart for the coming festivities.

"You see, Jason, we could just zap your balls and shoot your jism into a paper cup. But we have found this method to produce the highest volume of top quality sperm for our research," the Captain told him.

Jason felt the framework beneath him begin to rotate to a vertical position. Then Jason heard someone climbing a latter behind him and then belting herself into a position slightly behind Jason, with her hands reaching under him to touch his balls.

"Also, allow me to introduce Grabbag," the Captain said. "She is our very best ball girl. She will be massaging your testicles tonight to ensure the best extraction possible. She has very talented hands and years of experience. 

"Now allow me point out some of the new features of your body," she said as she moved forward to touch a bump on the top Jason's head. "This is the radio receiver for the electrodes we have placed in your brain. If I press this button, you will become completely aroused." She stepped forward and casually pressed a button on the remote control she held in her hand.

Jason became instantly erect, with the hardest and longest boner he had ever experienced in his hitherto unremarkable life. His body throbbed with desire as he looked down at Lola's nude body lying below him, her firm legs strapped and spread, just waiting for him to fuck her. He wanted her as badly as he had ever wanted anything in his life.

"And this," the Captain continued, "is the catheter we have implanted in your thigh to ensure the maximum sperm production. You will be truly amazed at your capacity to produce gallon after gallon of high quality jism.

"OK, girls, let's begin the festivities." 

Jason felt Grabbag's hands reach underneath him to clasp his already throbbing cock. She began to apply some type of lubricant to it, running her hand up and down the length of his hard shaft, then encircling it with her thumb and index finger, forming the familiar "OK" gesture. Then she ran her circled fingers up and down his cock, from tip to root, smoothing the oil that coated him.

"This is to prevent friction burns," Grabbag told him as she continued to apply the oil to his already-lubricated, rock-hard dick.

Then Jason heard a motor behind him begin to whir, and he felt the framework to which he was strapped beginning to rotate again. Soon, he was poised directly above the feminine perfection of Lola's naked flesh, with Grabbag behind him already going to work on his aching, hungry balls.

The apparatus was then lowered so that the rose-colored tips of the Lola's breasts brushed gently against his chest. Then the machine drew him backward, and Grabbag squeezed his balls and re-oiled his cock with her circled fingers.

The machine clicked into a higher gear, and Grabbag carefully steered his cock into Lola's already dripping cunt as the apparatus holding him began to move. The machine thrust Jason forward violently, burying his steel-hard rod up to the hilt in Lola's cooz. The machine then began thrusting back and forth as Jason's body was pressed tightly against Lola's voluptuous torso. 

Lola flicked her tongue against the side of his nose on each upthrust. Her fingertips stroked his ribs, and his body was moving forward and backward at an increasing speed as it was pressed firmly against her naked flesh. Lola guided his hands to her soft breasts, and he began to stroke the sides of those mounds as Grabbag increased the intensity of her expert massaging of his aching testicles and then began to run her tongue up and down the crack of Jason's ass as well.

Lola's tongue met Jason's own, drawing it deeply into her mouth, as the machine continued to thrust his throbbing cock in and out of her dripping cunt. He kneaded her breasts, and then Grabbag lifted his sac and began to run her tongue back and forth across his balls. The machine increased the speed at which he was being thrust in and out of Lola's body. He felt his balls getting ready to shoot and the walls of Lola's cunt beginning to spasm as Lola reached up with her arms to hold his head tightly against hers, burying her tongue in his mouth just as Grabbag thrust her own tongue all the way into Jason's anus and gave Jason's balls a definitive squeeze as the machine buried Jason's shaft up to the hilt in Lola's cunt.

Jason's balls leapt in Grabbag's hands as he shot what seemed like gallons of sperm into the Receptacle's eager cunt, which milked him dry in the throes of her own orgasm. 

After a well-deserved forty-second breather, the process started up again.

Fourteen hours later, even the machine was having trouble keeping up. Its gears were grinding and its thrusting movements were becoming erratic.

"Captain, the sperm extraction rate is down to 1.37 liters per hour. We're losing him," cried out a lab-coated technician looking up from her computer monitor. 

The Captain walked over and kicked the malfunctioning equipment, which was starting to smoke. Then she walked over to the wall and flipped on an intercom device. "Scotty, we're losing speed in the main thrusters. None of us are going to make quota if this continues."

"Aye Captain, I'm trying," replied a voice in a delightfully feminine Gaelic brogue. "She's not gonna take it much longer. The dilithium crystals are beginning to overheat."

"Scotty, just give me fifteen more minutes at 2.5 liters an hour. Do what you have to do."

"Aye, Captain. Will do. But you may not like 'er in the morning." 

Scotty came through as always. 

A few hours later, Millie the night nurse popped into in Jason's room. 

"It looks like that they worked ya' pretty hard today," she observed. "Don't worry. It gets easier once you get used to it."

She dealt out the top three magazines from the stack she was holding and offered them to him. "Here, these will help you pass the time while you rest," she said, handing him old copies of Guns & Ammo, Popular Mechanics and Field & Stream. "Our research department has determined that you guys like this stuff. Sorry, that there ain't no TV, but the cable service has kinda sucked since the Gene War."

"Well, these are OK, I guess," Jason replied. "But we mostly hunt with crossbows now, and it's been a long time since I've seen any cars."

"How about these then," she asked, offering him dog-eared copies of Hustler and Juggs."

"You have to be shitting me," Jason said. 

"Well, how about this Xbox?" she asked. "And I can bring you some Miller Lite. Our research indicates that you love that." 

"That would be cool," Jason replied.

A soft, cloth-covered kiss on the cheek woke him in the middle of night. He looked up to see a shrouded woman standing over him. 

A familiar voice whispered into his ear, "It's me, Xiana. We have to get you out of here now. I pretended to be one of them and heard them talking. They're going to eat you tomorrow. They only told you that you would be staying for two years to keep you calm. Just how much of your jism do you figure they need anyway? Here, put on this burqa."

"Where did you get this from?" he asked, indicating the burqa. "Neither you nor the Sisters here seem like the modest types."

"The Sisters keep them because a lot of the Muslim guys out there dig it. They think it means the woman wearing it is pure and untainted by the virus. It's just a way of luring them."

"OK, I'm coming, but do you mind if I just take a minute to finish this article on the history of buckshot in Lithuania?" he asked, lifting his copy of Guns & Ammo.

"Come on," she said, throwing the burqa over his head and dragging him by the hand out into the corridor.

When they were finally alone in the peace of the moonlit forest, Xiana turned to Jason and said, "Now, I will teach you how to make love to a real human woman, not one of those spider things back at the Dominion.

"I dunno. I'm kind of spent down there," Jason said, his eyes indicating his crotch.

"Oh, don't worry about that, baby. I've got that situation totally under control."

Jason felt a sudden surge of lust coming over him like a tidal wave. His cock, just a moment ago a withered and forgotten appendage, was suddenly rejuvenated. It began to grow to a hitherto unprecedented length and thickness.

"I thought that might happen, so I took the liberty of borrowing this," she said, brandishing the cock clicker that controlled his brain implant. "I set it on max. That Lola pussy had it on medium, but honey I am going to take it all in. Now take off that burqa."

Jason quickly stripped off his shroud, and Xiana just as quickly shed hers. Her body gleamed in the moonlight. She shook out her hair, a strand of which came to rest on her perfectly formed left breast. Her athletic legs bent as she kneeled to take Jason's gigantic shaft into her mouth. She took the head in, teasing him by sliding her lips over it and then withdrawing them, repeating this process slowly as her hands lifted Jason's balls. She licked her way up and down the front of his shaft, then ran her tongue up and down the skin of his thighs next to his balls, teasing him before finally licking his sac furiously while her right hand gripped his cock tightly and began stroking it. She squeezed his shaft and released it, then squeezed it again as she engulfed his sac in her mouth, squeezing his balls with her lips as she began to stroke his cock more violently and at a faster rate with her right hand.
