 She pulled her bags out of the trunk of the taxi, silently wishing she could just leave them there and hop back into the car. She dreaded being back here, this pit of hell where she'd grown up. This house of living nightmares where shadows moved of their own accord and the hall light always stayed on. This shithole of a house – a house, not a home – where her deepest fears lay hidden some where under her childhood bed.

Sabrina shivered, hauling the last of her bags onto the pavement. A gust of winter air rushed past her, raising goosebumps on her skin. Wearing a skirt was not the wisest choice she had made for this trip. She pulled her jacket tighter, her teeth chattering quietly. She turned and walked to the front of the cab, digging in her purse for her wallet. She paid and tipped the cabbie who smiled back and winked at her. He eyed her with interest before driving off, something she had seen dozens of times but never got used to.

She understood the action. She was a pretty girl visiting from New York, with shoulder-length chestnut hair, creamy skin, a heart-shaped face and soft grey eyes. It was no surprise that men found her attractive, she just wished they could be more cordial when they approached.

Sighing, she picked up her suitcases, hauling her overnight bag onto her shoulder. She took cautious steps over the long, snow-cover driveway, slowly making her way to the front door. Another blast of chill air whipped past her. She seethed inside. New York winters were bitter where Seattle winters were damp. She'd rather be back in her condo enjoying a good book by her furnace while sitting next to her bedroom window. Instead, she'd been called back here by her mother to spend the first Christmas with her family in three years. 

Fuck it all. 

Finally, after many near wipeouts, she hauled her bags up onto the steps of the front entrance of the house. Her family had been wealthy enough to buy a house just outside of Seattle, but not rich enough to buy anything bigger than a three-story home. A majestic building built in the 1920s made of brick, sweat and a few lost fingers according to her grandfather. The old glass windows drooped and sagged, giving the house the impression of always being tired.

She smiled, sweet childhood memories of backyard barbecues and races flooding her mind. Shaking her head slightly, she rummaged through her bag until she grabbed her ring of keys, flicking through each of them until she found the old rusted skeleton key the unlocked the front door. She stepped up, unlocked the deadbolt, and pulled her bags inside.

Warm sunlight spilled in from the French doors leading out into the vast snow-blanketed yard, illuminating the beauty within. Granite counters in the kitchen, a massive tile staircase, warm carpet on the upper floors. A spacious living room with dark leather furniture, enormous fireplace and a grand piano tucked into to far corner. Dark wood floors, work with age and foot traffic, squeaked under her feet. All in all, just like home.

Kicking the door closed, Sabrina dragged her suitcases into the foyer, dropping them off by the cold fireplace. Thankfully, her grandfather had remembered to set the heater timer, so the house remained cozy even when to weather turned sour. Her family wouldn't be here for another three hours, so she might as well rest for a while. She leaned back, stretching her arms above her head and cracking her vertebrae back in to place. Eight hours on and off planes can fuck up your spine like nothing else.

She slipped her coat off and draped it over one of the leather-clad chairs. Turning, she began to climb the stairs, her sneakers making almost no noise of the hard tile. She climbed the steps quickly, taking them two at a time. She stopped at the top step, breathing in the warm smell of wood, fresh breezes and cinnamon that always hung in the air. A smile cracked on her lips. Cold and distant as it was, this place always felt like warmer and more inviting than New York.

Her smile faded when she peered down the hall. There, the door at the very end of the hallway marked her childhood room. The birthplace place of the nightmares that had plagued her since her youth. She turned to face to door, taking in the familiar color scheme of crimson red with yellow stripes. Colors that her mother abhorred. A shiver raced down her spine, a silent warning from her body. She shouldn't go anywhere near that unholy place.

Taking a deep breath, she took tentative steps toward her old room. Curiosity overruled reason. She wanted - no, had – to see if anything had changed. To see if her nightmare still lived.

As she came closer to her room, memories flashed through her mind of her darkest thoughts and fears... 

