 Author’s note-Incest in this chapter. Why? Because the twins in this story are in a sexual relationship with each other. And their cowardice led them to being alone. Everyone in the ship seems to get sex when they’re alone with another person. Just as usual when people don’t like putting on a sex show where others could see them with their own eyes.

Last chapter, Irene, much to her dismay, found what’s been lurking out of her friends’ knowledge. Also, she dropped the knife at some point while going to Tucker. 

Since she killed the monster, she might be more capable than Tucker.

But we’ll see.

Onwards.

All characters in this story are at least eighteen years old. 

......

Kyle and Amanda sat beside each other in a room lit by a sole lamp plugged into a wall, the two eighteen-year siblings on a comforter-covered mattress.

They took bites out granola bars that had been in their pants pockets. Bottled waters the twins had taken from the ship’s kitchen sat on the floor.

His arm placed around his sister’s shoulders, Kyle let a contented sigh lose, as if he hadn’t heard the inhuman-sounding roar earlier.

“This isn’t too bad.” Kyle said. Tucker entered his mind. “But if we didn’t hear that weird noise, I’ll be a lot less scared to find Tucker. And everyone else.”

“Pussy.” Amanda said, teasing her brother, which was not unusual for siblings to do to each other.

It was unusual for siblings to engage each other in sex.

But Amanda had proposed the incestous sex offer to Kyle first, explained how it would be great if they lose their virginity to a partner they knew were both “clean”, a partner they both knew.

There was no better option than sibling sex.

Amanda was on birth control then and now.

Kyle could use his own sister as a cum dumpster. But the boy, like many boys, had the urge to wrap his arms around the girl he loves, press his lips against her warm, soft ones.

That girl was his sister.

He viewed her as more than a cum dumpster.

If he could, he would marry her, let her have his kid, let every person outside his current hideout room become aware he was in a sexual relationship with his sister, have those people applaud.

But despite the relationship not hurting anyone, the twins’ sexual relationship with each other would make others view them as repulsive outcasts.

Unknown to Kyle, Cassidy lied in her bed nude, fingering herself as she filled her mind with Kyle.

Unknown to Amanda, Kyle had been in a threesome Tucker and Cassidy participated in. Kyle had slipped his penis into Cassidy to be able to cherish the fact he had sex with a girl who was not his sister.

Be normal.

He gritted his teeth, his deep longing to trash his latest thoughts rampant.

After chewing his granola bar’s last piece, Kyle said, “I’m not a pussy, because I had a girl’s pussy from behind. Pussies don’t get laid.”

Kyle tossed the granola bar wrapper onto the floor.

“You’re not wrong about that. Did the girl’s pussy feel good when it squeezed your cock?” Amanda said before sinking her teeth into her granola bar.

Kyle’s cock hardened. He said, “Better than the pussy belonging to the girl I knew since birth. And before that.”

But Cassidy lingered in Kyle’s mind.

Society’s main opinion on incest lingered in his mind.

Amanda hurried her eating pace. When she finished swallowing, she threw her granola bar’s worthless wrapper onto the floor before saying, “Please kiss m-”

“Stop.” Kyle said, his head aimed forward.

Amanda turned her head to him.

Before she could speak, Kyle said, “You want me to kiss you. Why?”

Amanda tilted her head a bit, like a dog listening for a sound they had heard.

“Because I love you.” Amanda said, giving Kyle the most basic answer to his question.

“As what?” Kyle said, sinking into a personality belonging to high school male teacher keeping his eyes trained on his eighteen-year old girl student’s huge breasts.

Brother or lover?

“My brother, first and most important.” Amanda said.

That was the label: brother.

No matter what happened, Kyle would always be Amanda’s brother.

Even when her heart stopped forever.

Amanda took a heavy breath before saying, “Then my man.”

“See? It’ll never just be me and you. That’s the problem.” Kyle said before removing his arm from around his sister’s shoulders. He rose from the comforter-covered mattress, crossed his arms, rubbed them, despite not having chill goosebumps. He gritted his teet, opened his mouth, closed it. “I had to take a girl. Just have normal sex for once. Nothing gross. Tucker helped. It was a... threesome. Yeah. It was. With Cassidy.”

That was the truth’s uncovering that made Kyle more terrified than he had been when he heard the inhuman roar.

His sister could be furious enough to tell their parents Kyle had raped her.

“Cassidy? Cassidy Make? She has a boyfriend. And you have someone too, Kyle!” Amanda said. She stood, turned to face Kyle’s body’s right side, reared her palm back, preparing to slap her brother.

Kyle did not speak, keeping his eyes trained on the door.

He had slipped his penis into a girl’s pussy that did not belong to his sister. As gross the fact would be to anyone not in the room the two twins shared, Kyle had a duty to provide his sister Amanda his cock.

Just Amanda.

“What we have isn’t normal?” Amanda said, her voice trembling as she kept her hand ready to slap against a certain boy’s face. “The holocaust was normal to the Nazis, but did that mean Hitler was right? You had sex with me, because I offered it to you. You didn’t rape me. I love you. You love me. That’s what makes what we have with each other normal.”

Amanda lowered her hand, Kyle not having had said anything to prevent him taking a slap.

“We’re incestous bastards. But I’m sorry, sis.” Kyle said after turning to Amanda, aware she wouldn’t hurt him with a slap.

Amanda hugged him with love, caring more about Kyle than Kyle cared about her.

But that did not mean Kyle had no love for the girl.

He wrapped his arms around her waist, closed his eyes.

Amanda had her eyes closed.

The lamp’s light continued glowing, active, like the twins’ love for each other.

Kyle opened his eyes, the warm joy coursing through his body, the sweltering arousal flowing through him making his hands slam against his sister’s ass.

He squeezed her ass.

“You need to fuck me right now.” Amanda said, her voice trembling with rampant desire.

They stripped into their underwear.

Kyle, his hard cock forming a tent in his boxers, peppering his sister’s forearms with kisses almost as sweet as her.

When Kyle had his hands on the feminine hips he viewed as perfect, he shut his eyes before pressing his lips against his sister’s soft ones as she let her hands stay against his bare back.

Their eyes closed, they focused on pleasing each other with the shared kiss, Amanda’s bra-enclosed, huge breasts smashed against her brother’s chest.

Amanda pulled away, stopping the kiss.

The twins remained in the room, eyes open, Amanda moving onto her bare knees.

She got Kyle’s boxers off.

“I finally get to have this in my mouth again.” Amanda said before letting her mouth and throat please her twin.

“Fuck, sis.” Kyle said, hesitating before moving his hands to Amanda’s head. He pulled her hair back, savoring his darling sister’s warm saliva, her warm mouth, her body, her love.

Amanda kept bobbing her head back and forth, letting her saliva coat Kyle’s cock more.

Amanda used her hands to massage the boy’s balls, making him groan.

“My God. I need to fuck you. Right now. On this bed. Now!” Kyle said, forcing Amanda’s mouth off him.

Amanda stroked her brother’s hard, slick cock with strokes that almost made him shoot cum.

Kyle picked up his sister.

With Amanda’s legs clinging to him, Kyle led her onto the mattress.

They held onto to each other, kissed with the same passion they had shared the first time they lost their virginity to each other.

“Remember you held me before?” Amanda said when the kisses stopped. Kyle planted his lips against her warm neck. 

Kyle kissed her forehead. He said, “I won’t ever forget.”

They grinned at each other.

Kyle brought his lips to his sister’s. He slipped his tongue into her mouth.

Twenty seconds passed.

“Please, eat my pussy.” Amanda said, making her legs fall onto the mattress’s comforter. 

Amanda gave Kyle another kiss before the boy moved backwards until he had his hands on his sibling’s panties.

He kissed Amanda’s bare stomach.

“Get ready.” Kyle said, his cock throbbing, longing to slip into a wet pussy. The boy stroked himself three times, aroused in a way that made him almost beg with his sister to let him skip licking her pussy.

He needed to be inside her.

After taking off Amanda’s white panties and tossing them onto the floor, Kyle licked his sister’s thighs with slow, teasing strokes.

Amanda moaned when Kylie licked close to her pussy. She said, “Come on. Please.”

Kyle attacked he clit.

His tongue assaulted her without care, leading to Amanda emitting noises that made Kyle work her clit harder.

“Brother. Kyle!” Amanda said, squirming on the mattress. She slammed her hands against his head, gripped his blond hair hard.

The girl writhing, Amanda’s huge breasts jiggled.

Her wetness continued leaking on Kyle’s tongue, his mouth.

Amanda’s legs trembled.

“Make me squirt all over your fucking face!” Amanda said, close to cumming.

Kyle stopped.

“What?” Amanda said, drowning in pleasure. She moved into a sitting position. “I... you stopped. What the hell? Kyle?”

The girl didn’t speak when Kyle kissed her with his lips covered in her pussy juice.

“Let me have your perfect, huge tits.” Kyle said, kneeling in front of his sister with his cock throbbing.

“Okay.” Amanda said before smiling. She stripped out her white bra, threw it onto the floor.

Kyle massaged Amanda’s huge breasts, savoring their weight in his hands. He sucked on her left nipple, used his other hand to grope her right breast.

Amanda stroked her older brother’s head with affection.

Kyle’s cock throbbed with an rampant impatience.

“I’m going to fuck you. I need your pussy, sis.” Kyle said after departing his mouth from his sister’s pink nipple.

Aroused but gentle, Kyle pushed his sister onto her back, placed a hand against her hip, used his other hand to grasp his cock.

Making eye contact with Amanda, Kyle slid his eager cock into her leaking pussy.

“You’re so fucking wet. I love it.” Kyle said, his hand off his cock. He let his free hand drop onto his sister’s free hip, started thrusting. Amanda’s huge tits jiggled in a way that was obscene but amazing. She let loose a sweet moan while staring into her brother’s blue eyes, the twins unable to stop loving each other this way.

Kyle’s mouth gaped a bit as Amanda’s pussy hugged his cock. The boy said, “I know you like this! You brother-fucker bastard.”

“And you like fucking your sister, pussy.” Amanda said before giggling.

They stopped teasing each other when Kyle gave her a kiss and didn’t detach his lips from her lips as Amanda’s pussy hugged his huge cock.

The kiss did not stop as Kyle didn’t fail at continuing to dominate his own sister.

Amanda had her hands roaming along Kyle’s back, her wonderful breasts mashed against Kyle’s chest, the tits soft.

Kyle used his left hand to stroke Amanda’s cheek.

When he pulled four inches out his sister, Kyle detached his lips from her. His eyes open, Amanda’s eyes open, the boy in the room said, “Riding time.”

The twins made movements.

When Kyle was on his back with Amanda grasping his cock, he waited.

“That’s what I’m talking about it, sis.” Kyle said with glee when Amanda rode him. The girl’s huge tits jiggled with amazing movements that made her brother smile. Kyle squeezed the girl’s breasts. “You’re truly the best.”

Amanda placed her hands against the back of Kyle’s hands, gave a soft moan that made Kyle closer to blasting his cum.

Amanda moved quicker after bringing her hands to Kyle’s chest. She twerked her hips, let her pussy slide against the cock in her. 

Each time she moaned, she came closer to orgasm.

For her brother, the feeling was mutual.

Kyle slammed his hand against his sister’s ass, giving her a spank.

“Ow! Incestous bastard.” Amanda said before laughing.

Kyle laughed, groaned six seconds later.

“I’m going to fucking cum,” he said the moment before heated, white cum erupted from his cock.

“Me too, bro!” Amanda said a second before she squirted, wetting Kyle with her pussy juice.

Kyle moved into a seated position. Without speaking, the twins hugged.

“Next time I want your butt.” Kyle said, satisfied, confident.

His newfound bravery that was temporary made him determined enough to consider heading out the room to search for his friends.

Amanda laughed.

Kyle smiled.

“I feel brave enough to open that door and peek outside.” Kyle said before ceasing his embrace with his sister. Amanda released him, watched him leave the mattress. “Stay here, my pussy.”

“No. I’m braver. Let me, pussy.” Amanda said.

Naked, the girl reached the door, swung it open.

“Fuck! What the fuck?!” Amanda said before Kyle grabbed her from behind. Kyle’s soft cock made contact with his sister’s right ass cheek. “Kill it, Kyle!”

The red monster kept its eyes trained on Amanda, a paper sheet duct-taped to its left arm, the creature seven feet tall with yellow eyeballs.

Kyle’s newfound bravery drained out him faster than he hoped.

He threw Amanda onto the floor, put distance between himself and her, moving towards the wall.

Amanda, on the floor, sobbed.

When he pressed his back against the wall, Kyle took heavy breaths as he longed for the monster to focus on his sister.

He could live, have a dead sister while having sex with Cassidy Make, be normal.

“Kyle, help!” Amanda said, crabwalking backwards towards the comforter-covered mattress. Kyle walked at an slow pace towards the open door as the monster moved at an creeping pace towards his naked sister. “Don’t leave me! I-I’m your sister!”

Kyle stopped walking, gritted his teeth.

The door was six feet away, but that fact was irrelevant, since Kyle filled his mind with the various memories involving him and his sister, both twins happy in the memories the brother chose to savor.

Escaping the room meant living without the girl you love, who happened to be your sister.

“What the fuck would Irene do?” Kyle said in a low tone, his voice trembling with dreadful terror.

He turned his body, focused on the comforter.

Tucker’s dad had a pet parakeet. Near midnight, the dad would put a cloth over the bird’s cage.

“I’m going to save you, sis!” Kyle said before moving into a sprint, headed for the comforter.

He grabbed the comforter, lifted it off the mattress, tossed it onto the towering monster’s head.

A black pistol sat on the bare mattress, near a corner.

Amanda seen the pistol first, grabbed it, aimed.

Through her wet tears, Amanda pulled the trigger.

The monster had ripped the comforter off its head, roared at Amanda, who had missed the shot.

Amanda pulled the trigger again.

No bullet fired.