 Author's note-A bit of incestous content in this chapter. 

All characters are at least eighteen years old.

***

Devon fired.

The bullet tore into the monster's skull, penetrated its brain.

Lowering his revolver, Devon trained his eyes on the twins, who sat naked near a wall while holding each other.

The Black boy shook his head. He said, "I was right."

The twins were in a sexual relationship with each other, which Devon had joked about but was ignorant to the fact the twins were in love and had fun with each other via sex.

He had departed from Jenna, who had told him she would sleep after having her first Black cock. After Devon checked on Carlos, he ventured out to find his Mexican best friend's shotgun and shotgun ammo.

He had found a red terror, discovered an incestous pair.

Incest did not make him have the longing to vomit or hurl insults at the twins.

"I don't care if you two fuck each other. That's your parents' problem. I need both of you to get some clothes on, be ready to grow some balls." Devon said before moving to the spot near the monster's corpse. He moved onto one knee, examined the duct-taped paper sheet's writing. "I don't know how much time I have. We're a weird group of people. We drunk the blood from the footprint of the predator. I'm sorry, family. If you're reading this, please kill me if I wasn't able to do it myself. And this pen is really running low. Dammit, this fucking pen. And I."

Devon scoffed, moved the paper sheet into his pocket after folding it.

"Got your wish," the Black boy said.

The twins didn't stop putting their clothes on. 

Devon brandished his revolver while saying, "I have a sister, too. We're not having sex, though. She's almost twenty. Is sibling sex good?"

The twins didn't respond.

Kyle turned his focus to the revolver. He said, "It's not about the sex. I just love her."

"And fuck her." Devon said. He shrugged. "I won't bash it. Look, I get it. No one is the victim here, but please don't fondle your sister's ass while we're making our escape."

Kyle nodded, a frown on his face.

He bowed his head while saying, "Thanks, Devon. You really saved us."

Devon nodded.

"You're welcome. I'll tell Carlos to stop with this gold shit. We found horror gold. We didn't find actual gold. And if there is gold here, it's not worth having to pick through these red things to get to it." Devon said.

The twins put their coats on after donning their clothes.

"Thank you." Amanda said when she hugged the Black eighteen-year old. Devon wrapped his arms around her, the revolver in his pocket.

"You're welcome," he said, his coat sleeve torn by the cougar. When the hug ended, he tapped his revolver. "The cougar got away. But I later found it dead. Someone ruined the fuck out of it."

"And now we have these red things." Kyle said, lifting two bottled waters from the floor. He gave one to Devon, took turns drinking from the other one with Amanda. "We're fine as long as we have bullets."

Devon closed the door.

He didn't intend on having another red creature stalk into the room.

"Irene, Stacie, Tucker. I don't know where they're at. One of them had to kill the cougar. Should be the same person that stole the shotgun and ammo." Devon said before opening his bottled water. He drunk the water without pausing to breathe out his mouth. "We need to let everyone else know what's here."

"Then what?" Amanda said.

Devon dropped his empty bottled water. He said, "Then I tell Carlos we're done. No more hunting for gold anywhere."

Carlos and Devon had been neighbors to each other almost their entire lives, spent time playing war video games together, having threesomes when Devon turned eighteen years old, searching for gold to make themselves wealthy in an attempt to be seen as influential minorities.

Unknown to Devon, Carlos's sole motivation was greed.

"Carlos is a good one, believe it or not. My sister cried as much as a baby, because Carlos kept rejecting her. We'll all be fine. And when he has his shotgun back, we'll mow down these red horrors and make it back to the boat." Devon said. 

The boat they had used belonged to Carlos's grandpa.

One minute passed.

Devon swung the door open, pointed his revolver.

His heart pounded as the twins took steps near him, the brother and sister holding hands.

At the spot with four halls connected to it, Devon turned to the hall at the left. He said, "I came through that door. It leads to some stairs that go up to a room with a lot of crates and military uniforms. Let's go."

A roar met their ears, not close to them, which made the three teenagers fortunate the moment before they rushed towards the door Devon had emerged from before he rescued the twins.

Another roar, followed by a woman yelling.

The teenagers stopped running.

"Who is that?" Amanda said. Kyle shook his head, pulled his sister, hoping to get her to a place that was safe.

Devon pressed his free hand against Amanda's back before tapping her ass. He said, "Get moving, pony."

The Black boy had a duty involving getting his friends to safety.

A stranger he never seen before wasn't worth enough to save at the moment.

When Devon moved through the open door to safety, the twins ahead, a roar sounded that was soon cut short. 

"Someone must've saved her. Hurry the fuck up." Devon said.

While ascending the stairs, Amanda tapped Devon's shoulder before saying, "If something was going to kill you and your sister, would you escape or save your sis?"

Devon scoffed.

"Please don't tell me Kyle was a sister-abandoning pussy," he said.

Kyle stopped holding Amanda's hand.

Amanda grabbed Devon's free hand, her brother as irritated as a serial killer with no social skills.

Kyle walked ahead a bit, weaponless yet furious.

"I wouldn't leave my sister. And between me and you two incestous, White people, I hope she shows up to my wedding. I recently found this nice piece of White girl." Devon said, his last sentence referring to Jenna.

"Tucker's okay, then?" Kyle said, his rage not preventing him from asking about his best friend. "Do you at least think he is?"

"I think he stole the shotgun and ammo. Stacie is a pussy. And Irene is too innocent. Tucker took Carlos's shit, which might make Carlos mad. He'll be fine, as long as he had a good reason for it." Devon said. "He killed the cougar."

After entering the room containing crates with hanging military uniforms, Devon pointed his revolver's barrel to the open door across the room.

"Right there. Then we make our way back to Jenna." Devon said, sounding more joyful than usual.

Amanda didn't stop holding his hand. Kyle turned his head to the joined hands as he took steps.

"Amanda, come to me." Kyle said, speaking to Amanda like a boy speaks to his female puppy.

Amanda stopped holding Devon's hand, grabbed her brother's after going closer to him.

Devon flashed a grin the twins couldn't see.

He stopped walking, aware the twins needed him as their guide, but Devon did not view that as relevant in that moment.

When he turned to the open door he had emerged from with the twins, Devon filled his mind with the red terror's corpse.

"What the fuck was that thing?" Devon said in a low tone. "Predator's blood. Cougar. Red terrors. Red terrors and incestous twins. Fuck me."

He turned, moved to the spot ahead Kyle and Amanda.

"This is the floor below where Jenna should be. We have another set of stairs to go up." Devon said. "Everyone needs to avoid the floor we just left from."

The last sentence was an obvious fact.

Outside the room, Devon aimed his pistol around, prepared to open fire on an red terror.

No monster unleashed itself into view.

"Okay. Maybe I'm one-hundred percent correct about this floor and the floor above us being absolutely fucking safe." Devon said.

He gestured to the hall's section that had a ship statue placed against a wall. Exposed stairs near the statue, Devon said, "And that's our way to our lovely friends. Jenna, at least."

"You fucking idiots!" a voice said in an brutal yell.

The teenagers moved closer to each other.

"Drop your gun," a woman said, taking steps towards the small group, inside the room Devon and the twins had left a short moment ago.

Donning a mask covering her mouth and nose, the redhead woman wielded a blood-adorned sword.

"I'll blast you." Devon said, pointing his revolver at the woman.

He didn't shoot.

"Will you really shoot someone who has breasts and a vagina?!" the woman said, taking quicker steps.

Devon furrowed his eyebrows, yet lowered his gun.

He couldn't argue with that last statement.

"Strip. All fucking three of you," the woman said.

The twins turned their eyes to each other.

Devon placed his revolver on the floor, kicked it against the wall.

"If we're being robbed, you should hurry up and tell us what those red things are first." Devon said when the woman stepped into the hall.

"Shut the fuck up. Give me a line-up. And then take your clothes off, BBC," the weird woman said. She turned to Kyle. "You and the girl too."

Not intending on angering the person holding a sword, the teenagers took their clothes off, had the audacity to cover themselves with their hands before and while they formed a line-up.

"Spin for me," the woman said. The three naked teenagers spun, stopped when the woman told them to stop. "No red skin. But that doesn't mean none of you aren't infected. Any of you get cougar blood on your mouths at all? Any blood from a predatory animal?"

The teenagers shook their heads.

After crossing her arms, the woman nodded, dressed in black jeans, boots, a black coat, a red hat, a sword sheath.

"BBC, raise your hands," the weird woman said, her green eyes trained on Devon.

Devon, aware the woman must hunt the red terrors, raised his hands.

Aroused by being nude in front of a commanding woman, Devon's big, Black cock grew bigger.

"Fuck. I'm sorry," he said.

"I'll just have to fuck the shit out of you right now," the woman said.

Devon's cock grew its hardest.

Standing between Devon and Kyle, Amanda turned her head to Devon, moved her hand to hand to her mouth after training her eyes on the Black boy's, larger than Kyle's, cock.

"Wow," the girl said.

"Wait. Wait, wait. And also why?" Devon said as the woman stripped. "And what if I object? I have someone already."

"If you don't have sex me, I'll leave you to deal with our red friends by yourselves. And I won't give you any info on what they are," the woman said.

"Take one for us, Devon. Just do it." Kyle said, urging his friend to let a redhead woman rape him.

"It's been some time since I had cock," the weird woman said when she had no object on her body, naked with large breasts, her face mature.

Unknown to the teenagers, the woman was forty-five years old, infertile.

The woman moved to the spot in front of Devon, turned, bent over, placed her hands on the floor, offering her dripping wet pussy.

Devon massaged her round ass, slipped his huge, Black cock into her as the twins watched.

"Oh, my God. I missed Black cock so much," the woman said, making it known Devon didn't give her the first big, Black cock she ever had.

Devon had Jenna, at least.

"Holy shit!" the weird woman said in an loud tone as the big, Black cock inside her stretched her pussy. She moaned as the Black boy she met a short moment ago took her from behind. Her round butt cheeks slapped against his body with each penetrating thrust.

The twins watched the interracial sex, Amanda stroking her brother's hard cock while fingering herself.

Devon had Jenna as his love, but the older woman's pussy was something he could savor.

After two minutes passed, the weird but beautiful woman stood straight, still impaled by the big, Black cock in her, as her whole body shuddered.

Devon's hands went from her hips to squeezing her large, bouncing breasts as her orgasm erupted.

The older, White woman's pussy clenching his still thrusting cock, Devon felt her cum flood out around his thick shaft, over his and her thighs. 

As Kyle's cum shot out his penis, Devon's own cock launched warm cum into the pussy the boy had been forced to please.

Amanda squirted onto the floor, being fortunate to miss the clothes on the floor, released Kyle's cock.

Devon emitted an contented sigh before pulling out the weird woman's pussy, his cock leaking, wet with the woman's female cum.

Without shame, Kyle grabbed Amanda, gave her a passionate kiss.

"I'll take you all to my hideout. Along the way, do not speak. Don't react if you hear one of those red things roar. I know what they're really called, but I won't tell anything important until I know we're completely safe," the woman said, her voice trembling with post-orgasm bliss.

Devon turned his head to the door that would lead to him traveling to Jenna's location. 

"We need to at least get back to our friends. They're going to be worried. And we need to let them-" Devon started saying.

The woman slammed her palm against his face.

"Shut the fuck up. This is more urgent. I need to get some things before you all can regroup anyway. I know one of the cougars is dead, but there's another one loose. And I'm going to be one sorry bitch if you dumb kids end up being like my own friends," the weird woman said. She shook her head, shrugged. "Sorry. Just go with what I say, stay alert at each and every second. All three of you will need to be tough."