 Author's note-Here's another chapter of Shady Ship.

This chapter contains lesbian sex.

If you love Shady Ship, make sure you leave a comment, tell me what you liked and give me some appreciated feedback.

All characters in this story are at least eighteen years old.

*****

"Jenna, wake up." Irene said, waking Jenna while shaking her with the hand not holding a shotgun.

On the bed she had slept in earlier, Jenna put a bit distance between herself and the shotgun-armed Irene.

"Isn't that Carlos's? What's going on?" Jenna said before moving off the bed. She spotted Tucker standing beside an unconscious, bedridden Stacie. The girl was in the bed between two others, her coat on. "Is she sleep?"

"Not the good kind." Tucker said, his hand against Stacie's head, as if she was his best friend.

"What? What the fuck happened to her?!" Stacie said, longing to slap Tucker and Irene, enraged at them, enraged at herself for having had sent Stacie off to let herself have Devon's big, Black cock. Jenna took quick steps, shoved Tucker a bit, almost making him fall. Jenna held her best friend's hand, warm tears blurred her vision. She wiped them with her free hand when they were near her lips. "My girl. What the fuck did you two idiots to her?!"

She turned her head to Tucker, made eye contact with Irene. 

Jenna gritted her teeth before saying, "You're smart. Answer the question!"

Irene had a shotgun, but Jenna viewed her as a girl who deserved hurt.

Irene handed the shotgun to Tucker, gave him shotgun ammo. She said, "Sorry, Jenna. Tucker told me she fell in the cougar blood. He killed it, but Stacie's sick now."

"Whatever." Jenna said, turning her head to Stacie, who had been her friend for almost her entire life. "Stacie, wake up for me. Please, girl."

Stacie's eyes did not open.

Jenna cried a bit harder.

"Where's Devon?" she said, her voice shaking. She turned her head to Tucker.

"We don't know." Tucker said. "And Irene told me she ki-"

"I don't fucking care what Irene did!" Jenna said in a yell. "Both of you just get the fuck out!"

Irene shook her head, left the room without throwing Jenna an insult.

Tucker made no move to exit the room.

"I'm sorry. And I really don't know where Devon is. The twins are still missing, too. Also, I-" Tucker started saying.

Jenna glared, as if she had no issue with murdering Tucker if she had to.

Tucker forced a smile before saying, "Okay. I'm going."

He left.

"Go to a different room! I want to be far away from both of you!" Jenna said, far from longing to hug her two friends. She brought her focus to Stacie, stroked her brown hair. "I love you, Stacie. You're always going to be my best friend. And my sister."

Jenna and Stacie did not have the same parents, but Jenna wished they did.

Jenna would die for Stacie, if she had to.

What Jenna felt for the girl was a friendship that transcended labels.

She pressed a kiss to Stacie's hand, kept standing, watched the girl remain in what could've been a coma.

"It wasn't worth it." Jenna said, referring to the fun she had shared with Devon. "I should've let you stay with me. I'm the dumb bitch, Stacie. But I promise I'm never sending you off. You're going to wake up, then I'll tell Carlos to take all of us away from here."

Jenna kissed Stacie's forehead after moving the girl's bangs.

She stayed standing.

"Jenna, we really have to talk. And I'm the one with the shotgun, so don't tell me to fuck off." Tucker said some time later. Jenna turned, trained her eyes on Tucker stepping into the room as Irene accompanied him. 

Jenna released an burdened sigh, but she didn't release curse words or insults.

"A red monster attacked Irene. She killed it. She has a video and pictures of it too." Tucker said before running a hand through his hair. "There might be more. We don't know."

"And I don't care." Jenna said.

"I let it have sex with me." Irene said.

Tucker lowered the shotgun to the floor, wrapped his arms around Irene while saying, "You didn't tell me."

Jenna turned her head to Stacie after Irene hugged Tucker. The blonde said, "She killed it. So, we're all fine, except for my Stacie. Both of you made her like this. We were looking for you, Irene. And Tucker, you were with Stacie. You could've done fucking better."

Tucker and Irene didn't respond.

"Hug's over. Time to deal with Ms. Angry." Tucker said.

Irene laughed.

"Jenna, sorry. I keep apologizing. I'll keep saying sorry. But Stacie will be fine. She's just sick from swallowing dirty animal blood. We'll take her to the hospital if she needs to go." Tucker said when he moved to the spot next to Jenna. "We'll make it through this. And Devon and the twins will be back."

Jenna shrugged.

Stacie was in what could've been a coma.

A pep talk wouldn't change that fact. It wouldn't make everything normal.

"Devon's not here. Me and Irene are. There's nothing stopping us from getting what we want. I know what I want. I was close to death today. And life is too short for me not to do this." Tucker said before forcing Jenna to face him. He grabbed her hips, pressed his lips against her lips. Her heart pounding with rage, Jenna brought her hands to Tucker's chest, tried forcing him off her as he kept his eyes closed.

"Irene! Help!" Jenna longed to say, not intending on having Tucker force her to have sex with him.

"Tucker, stop!" Irene said in an urgent tone. "I'll shoot you!"

Tucker forced Jenna to the floor. On top of her, the boy unzipped her coat, groped her breasts through her clothes, Tucker deciding having Jenna's pussy is better than not having his best friend kill him with a shotgun.

"Tucker, get off her!" Irene said.

Tucker detached his lips from Jenna, flipped her onto her stomach, raised her hips off the floor, roamed her jeans' front section, found her pants button near the zipper.

"Get off me!" Jenna said, struggling.

"I need this pussy. I need you, Jenna!" Tucker said, his voice filled with determination, as if a girl in the room didn't have access to the stolen shotgun. "Irene, fucking leave n-"

Tucker stopped trying to get Jenna's jeans off, stood.

When Jenna stood and turned, she spotted Tucker standing with Irene behind him.

Irene held the shotgun, had it against the back of Tucker's head. The Italian girl said, "Really Tucker? This is the type of person you really are?"

Tucker shook his head without hesitating. He said, "I kissed her. And it was too amazing. When she was on the floor, underneath me and everything, I couldn't fight the urge. I needed her pussy more than anything. I love her, Irene."

Tucker sobbed.

"Fuck. I fucked up. What the fuck did I just do?!" he said, regret and terror shrouding his voice, his terror directed at himself.

Glaring, Jenna zipped her coat. She said, "Take him out of here. I don't want him around any of us. Definitely not around my Stacie."

"I swear to God I'm a good guy, Irene. You know me. We're best friends who have nothing but love for each other. You can't just fucking kill me." Tucker said while Irene escorted him out the room. "Jenna, I'm sorry! So sorry!"

Jenna bent over, moved her hands to her knees, her heart hammering. She said, "Oh God. What the fuck? What the fuck?"

"Jenna," a voice said, weak.

Jenna turned to Stacie, who moved off the bed.

They didn't speak, wrapped their arms around each other after taking quick steps.

Holding Stacie, Jenna said, "You're fine. You're fine. I shouldn't of made you go like that. I love you."

"I love you, too." Stacie said, weak but loving, hugging Jenna as she seemed to savor the embrace more than Jenna did.

"Everyone's all gone. Not dead. Maybe. Some more than others, I guess. I don't care. I just needed you to be okay." Jenna said as the two girls cried. "Please don't cry. Don't cry."

"But you're crying, too." Stacie said.

Jenna laughed, stroked her best friend's long brown hair.

She cherished the warm joy coursing through her body. After what Tucker tried doing to her, Jenna was grateful she could hold Stacie.

After the sweet hug ended, Jenna pulled her own bed sheet off her bed, took Tucker's bed sheet, laid both sheets on the floor.

The girls sat on the top sheet, which was Jenna's.

"Is Tucker okay? Please tell me he's alright, Jenna." Stacie said, placing her hand on Jenna's thigh, which she touched many times before.

Jenna glared. While clenching her fists, she said, "He tried to fuck me. And I didn't want him to. But he kept trying after forcing me to kiss kiss."

"What? But he was really nice. He is." Stacie said. She bowed her head. "Or not."

"Irene's going to deal with him. She might kill him. If she does, it's going to be all of our words against a dead Tucker's." Jenna said.

"Anything else happen?" Stacie said.

"Apparently, Irene had to have sex with red monster she ended up killing. It's dead. So, we're fine." Jenna said, Stacie's hand on her thigh.

"Tucker had..." Stacie said but didn't continue.

"He had sex with you?! I'll kill him myself. Get up." Jenna said, preparing to move.

"No." Stacie said. "He took my virginity after I kept complaining about my stomach hurting. It was rough, but he was sweet about it afterwards. We hugged. He said he loves me. And I told him I love him. And I..."

"What? You what?" Jenna said.

Stacie shrugged. She said, "Nothing."

"You had sex with that fucker named Tucker. I had sex with Devon. I wanted you to go to Tucker, because I needed to have Devon. It's all my fault. You got sick because of me. I'm so sorry, Stacie. I just need you to know I love you more than you'll ever know." Jenna said before tears left her eyes.

Stacie took off her own coat, placed it beside her. She said, "Jenna, take off your coat."

Without questioning Stacie, Jenna took her coat off, placed it next to her.

Stacie snuggled against Jenna. 

"We're closer now. There's no coats getting in the way." Stacie said, her head on Jenna's shoulder. "My stomach doesn't hurt right now. Maybe I'm fine. A bit weak, but I'm fine. I have to tell you to stop crying now."

Jenna laughed.

Her other friends were gone, split from her, but the friend who mattered the most was next to her, making her laugh.

"What we would even do with all that gold?" Stacie said. 

"It doesn't matter anymore. This entire trip was a big waste." Jenna said. 

"No. We have this moment. I'm grateful for this." Stacie said, her hand no longer on Jenna's thigh. She had moved it to take off her coat. She lifted her head off Jenna's shoulder. "Jenna, how happy are you to see me up?"

Stacie turned her head to Jenna.

Jenna turned her head to Stacie.

Jenna grinned before saying, "Obviously very happy. It's an understatement though. When I seen you earlier, I was so mad. I wanted to hurt Tucker and Irene."

"And now?" Stacie said, making eye contact with Jenna.

"I can't remember when I was ever this happy." Jenna said.

Stacie grinned. She said, "Jenna, you make me so happy. I... I'm so happy I can... do this."

Stacie gave Jenna a quick kiss.

Jenna brought her fingers near her mouth. She said, "Wow. I can't believe you just kissed me. But if you're that happy, I won't get mad. I can't wait to get back. We'll find you a boyfriend, I swear."

Stacie bowed her head. Jenna moved her hand to the girl's back. 

"No. No boyfriend. Tucker was just that one. I'll never have that ever again. And it was just a friendly thing. I was sick. Sex made it better." Stacie said. A pained noise left her mouth before she moved a hand to her stomach. "It hurts. My stomach hurts again. Oh my God, Jenna. Help me."

"I don't..." Jenna said before moving to the spot behind Stacie. Kneeling, she massaged her best friend's shoulders. "Feel better? I don't know what to do. Fuck. Stacie."

"Before, Tucker helped me by..." Stacie said but didn't finish talking. "God, Jenna. I need to see you, focus on you."

Her heart hammering, not having the urge to see Stacie unconscious, Jenna moved to her previous spot next to Stacie, held her hand. 

Making eye contact with Stacie, Jenna said, "You're fine. You're always going to be okay. The pain will go away."

Stacie shook her head. She said, "Please, listen to me. Don't forget. You were literally the only person I always wanted. The only fucking one."

"You're cussing? And stop talking like you're dead. That's not until you're old." Jenna said.

Stacie emitted an frustrated sigh, made a pained noise. She said, "Jenna, you. I need to have you. I'm gay."

Jenna caressed Stacie's cheek. She said, "I love you anyway. And I don't care what you are. You're my best friend."

Jenna didn't lie to Stacie. The blonde didn't have the urge to prank her or tell her false statements.

She had to make the girl with the brown bangs smile, be in less pain.

"If you love me, you need to make love to me. Trust me, I wouldn't make you if there was another option." Stacie said before groaning. "Please."

Jenna didn't hesitate to plant a kiss against Stacie's lips.

Jenna moved her lips against Stacie's soft ones. Stacie moved her lips against Jenna's.

Stacie broke the kiss before saying, "It feels so wrong to make you do this."

Jenna brought her hands to Stacie's cheeks.

"I want you to get better. I'll do this a million times if I have to." Jenna said before kissing her best friend.

Jenna broke the kiss, removed Stacie's red shirt. She placed her hands on the girl's hips, showed her love by kissing her.

"You're not bisexual at all?" Stacie said after the kiss stopped.

Jenna's hands roamed the skin on Stacie's back. She said, "No. But that doesn't matter."

"Maybe I shouldn't take off my bra. We don't have to do everything. Maybe this is enough." Stacie said, Jenna's hands against her blue jeans. Jenna moved her hands from Stacie's hips to the back of her bra.

"We need to do the whole thing. No question about it. Sex made you feel better." Jenna said. "And I want to touch you. We were always helping each other, Stacie. One day, you'll help me.. But you already did, really."

"Jenna." Stacie said before the blonde kissed her. 

Jenna took off Stacie's bra, placed it on the sheet's material.

Stacie covered her breasts with her hands.

"You're too beautiful and sweet for this. Let me kiss your boobs." Jenna said, the straight girl more eager for the lesbian sex than the gay one. She held her arms with love. "I need you to be okay. This is my fault, remember?"

Stacie didn't let Jenna see her tits. She said, "This is enough. We should stop."

Jenna stood, stripped out her clothes. She fingered her pussy.

"Isn't this what you want?" Jenna said, warm joy spreading through her body from masturbating. She moaned loud to arouse Stacie. "You like seeing me naked, putting my fingers in my pussy and watching me play with my clit, too."

"Jenna." Stacie said as Jenna played with her own clit while fingering herself. She groaned in pain before pressing a hand against her stomach, pulled her hands from her tits. "Please, make me okay."

Jenna went closer to Stacie. Naked, she played with her best friend's tits, pinched her brown nipples.

"Oh my God." Stacie said while Jenna's fingers trapped her nipples. "Please keep doing that to me."

Jenna played with Stacie's brown nipples for forty seconds. 

She stopped, sucked on a nipple. Stacie rubbed Jenna's long blond hair while saying, "You need to do this in my room one day."

After sucking Stacie's nipple, Jenna used her hands to massage the girl's breasts, kissed them, moved her tongue along them.

Jenna kissed Stacie, shutting her eyes. Both girls' eyes closed, they kissed while Stacie stripped out her clothes.

When Stacie was naked, she lied on the sheet.

The kisses ended.

Both girls opened their eyes, taking heavy breaths, their pupils dilated, their pussies wet.

Jenna leaned in, sucked on Stacie's pussy, tasting her wetness. Stacie released a little moan, thrust her hips upwards. 

Jenna worked her mouth on Stacie's wet, hot pussy.

She inserted her tongue into Stacie's hole, moving it in and out, penetrating her opening, feeling it get wetter. She placed her hands under Stacie's warm ass. Jenna suck Stacie's clit, teased it while the brown-haired girl rocked her hips.

"I fucking love you, Jenna." Stacie said.

Jenna pulled back. Her mouth and lips soaked in her best friend's pussy juice, she said, "I love you, too."

"I promise I'll return the favor." Stacie said, sincere.

Jenna focused on Stacie's pussy. She sucked hard on her clit, alternated between sucking and teasing with her tongue's tip.

Stacie moaned hard.

Her best friend continued using her mouth to please her pussy.

Jenna removed her mouth from the other girl, brought her hand to Stacie's pussy.

She teased her clit.

She rubbed Stacie's pussy lips before inserting a finger into the opening.

Stacie sighed.

Jenna slid the finger back out, re-entered, using two fingers this time.

Jenna's fingers slid in and out Stacie's pussy with ease.

Jenna did not stop using her fingers to fuck Stacie's wet pussy. 

While fingering her own best friend, Jenna put her mouth to Stacie's clit, kissed it, sucked it.

Jenna used her fingers to fuck Stacie's cunt harder, pushed her fingers into her best friend as deep as they could go.

Stacie moaned without restraint. 

As Jenna sucked on Stacie's clit, her best friend let loose a loud moan.

Stacie squirted, her orgasm making pussy juice soak her best friend's face and mouth.

Stacie moaned loud before saying, "Look what you do to me, Jenna."

Jenna eased her fingers out Stacie's pussy, which dripped with wetness from the release. 

Jenna used her tongue to lick the wetness on Stacie.

She kissed her pussy, planted kisses up Stacie's body, which heaved from what her best friend had did to her.

"Thank you." Stacie said. Jenna reached her mouth, kissed her with an deep intensity, letting Stacie taste her own wetness. "I love you."

"And I love you," Jenna said before giving her best friend another kiss.

They lied beside each other, kissing, caressing.

Stacie pressed her lips against Jenna's cheek, like a sister would do.

"I'm going to return the favor." Stacie said before caressing Jenna's cheek. "Can I, Jenna?"

Stacie giving Jenna pleasure wasn't planned, but Jenna nodded before saying, "Of course. I need you to make me happy, too."

Stacie grinned before giving Jenna a deep kiss.

Stacie planted kisses along Jenna's body, each new kiss closer to Jenna's pussy than the previous one.

Stacie moved.

When her head was near Jenna's pussy, the blonde kept her eyes trained on the ceiling, waiting for another girl to please her pussy with her tongue.

"You're the first girl I've ever had, Jenna. I hope I'm good at this." Stacie said.

"I don't care. Just love me, Stacie." Jenna said.

Stacie inserted a finger, fingered Jenna's pussy at an slow pace. 

She added a second finger, a third.

Stacie pumped three fingers in and out her best friend's pussy, bringing a wet, slapping sound it as she fucked Jenna's with her fingers.

"Oh, Stacie. Fuck." Jenna said. "If being with another girl feels this good, I wish we could've done this with each other at our houses."

Stacie smiled, pulled her fingers out Jenna's pussy.

Stacie moved her face closer to the pussy, licked Jenna's clit, flicked it with her tongue. 

"Fuck! Yes, Stacie. Yes!" Jenna said, her pleasure obvious.

Stacie moved her tongue down to her best friend's opening, fucked her with her tongue.

She brought one hand down to play with the clit as Jenna moaned in pleasure.

"Make me cum, Stacie." Jenna said.

Stacie moved her tongue to Jenna's clit, put her fingers into her best friend's wet pussy.
