 Author's note-Last chapter contained the first lesbian sex of this story. I will say I've become attached to almost each character in Shady Ship. 

If you love Shady Ship, make sure you leave a comment, tell me what you liked, what you think so far, give me some appreciated feedback.

All characters in this story are at least eighteen years old.

...

"You won't kill me, Irene. I'm your best friend." Tucker said in the dining room, his second closest friend aiming a shotgun at his head from behind. 

"You're right." Irene said.

"Do you still love me?" Tucker said.

"I seen what you were going to do to Jenna. But somehow, I love you more. But I couldn't let you have her. It aroused me, seeing you do that to her, though." Irene said, sincere.

Tucker chuckled before saying, "It aroused me, too."

"The Italians are big on friendship." Irene said, lowering the shotgun. "But I won't kill you. It won't change much. Jenna and everyone who loves her will say you tried to rape her. I'll be forced to do it, too."

"I'll be out in a couple years. I'm not scared of prison." Tucker said before shaking his head. "Jenna really is a bitch. I thought I could've had her. But I ended up trying to take her pussy by force. I'm stupid."

Irene placed the shotgun on the nearest table, took off Tucker's coat, which had shotgun ammo in its pockets, placed the coat on the table. She said, "You know, the twins are in a incestous relationship. It was so easy to tell."

"Kyle wouldn't bang his sister. That's dumber than what I did to Jenna." Tucker said.

Irene shook her head. She said, "They were always touching each other weird. The kisses close to the lips. His arm around her shoulders a lot. Sometimes he would grab her hips. They're having sex with each other."

"So, our last normal night together." Tucker said, turning to the Italian girl.

The two eighteen-year olds sat at the table with the shotgun and coat on it, both sitting backwards.

"Consensual?" Tucker said.

"Consensual. Amanda is obviously in love with him." Irene said. She shrugged. "But I don't care what they do to each other. Stacie's a lesbian."

"Who I had sex with." Tucker said. He shrugged. "She practically made me. Stomach pain."

"Anything about that monster you showed me?" Tucker said.

"Werewolves can be turned by drinking rain from a wolf's footprint. They're not real, but I was considering the fact the myth might be a bit similar to Stacie's situation." Irene said. She chuckled. "The girl drunk blood from a cougar's footprint. Now she'll turn into whatever I had sex with. This night was something special. I'll tell them when the time comes. Don't talk to them about it. Not that Jenna or Stacie will want you to talk to them."

"I understand." Tucker said. "I really wanted to get some pussy tonight. Jenna pussy. Not secret lesbian pussy. I knew what Stacie was."

Tucker ran a hand through his hair before saying, "Being on this ship made everyone have a bad night. If I could've had Jenna with no one around, just dominate the hell out of her, she probably would've liked it and wouldn't tell anyone."

"She's still my friend. And I didn't want to be in trouble myself." Irene said, her eyes trained on the wall.

"Seems like the best night happened to Kyle and Amanda. They're probably safe, fucking each other hard. The forbidden aspect of it would just make them fuck each other harder. Everything's easier when you don't care." Tucker said. He shook his head. "I'm happy you didn't kill me. After I get out of prison, I'll change everything around, make amends."

Irene smiled before saying, "I'm glad. You're a good person. You just kissed Jenna, but it was so great you needed her vagina too."

"That's exactly what happened. I knew you would understand. And I knew you loved me so much you wouldn't pull a Kennedy assassination on me." Tucker said. "It's like I'm in prison and already missing you. Cassidy Make was the last girl I had sex with. It was a threesome with Kyle, too. Now I wish we didn't even share."

"And Cassidy might be married by the time you're out." Irene said. "Don't worry. I'll always let you into my home."

"But you won't let me inside you." Tucker said before shrugging. "I won't try anything. I just want to sit here, keep talking until everyone sends me off to the police station."

"The last penis I had was monster penis." Irene said. "It would be nice to have human."

"Sounds like you're flirting with your best friend." Tucker said, patting Irene's thigh in a playful gesture. "Don't. I just want to sit here, think about how Amanda and Kyle can bang each other every time their parents go to the grocery store."

"Dominate me." Irene said.

She had to make Tucker bend her over, like Carlos had did.

She had to make Tucker dominate her, like what he had did to Jenna when he tried having forced sex with her.

Irene had the longing to have a good human's cock slipping in and out her pussy.

Not Carlos's.

Not a monster's.

"Seeing you dominate Jenna earlier made me want to fuck." Irene said, including a curse word in her sentence. "Fuck the girl you knew since you were little."

"But-" Tucker started saying.

"I said dominate me." Irene said. She sat on Tucker's clothed cock, grinded. "You love my ass rubbing against your dick."

"Irene. Come on. Stop. You're like my sister. And we didn't even kiss yet." Tucker said, having complained about not getting sex tonight but rejecting his beautiful best friend's offer. His cock hardened. He grabbed her hips. "Seriously. I don't want you getting me too excited."

Irene didn't stop grinding.

Tucker groaned before standing, forcing Irene to stand, too.

"Beggars can't be choosers," the eighteen-year old boy said before turning Irene around. Tucker took Irene's glasses off, set them on the table, held the girl's hips. "I was wrong. You were the real treat this entire time."

Warm joy coursed through Irene's body. She cherished it, cherished Tucker.

She brought her hands to Tucker's cheeks as she said, "The feeling is mutual. But if you don't dominate me, I won't be pleased."

Tucker gripped her neck while he gave her a deep, long kiss.

They took each other's clothes off.

Tucker used his hands to force Irene to turn away from him, slammed his palm against her right ass cheek.

Irene made a surprised noise.

She grinned.

Tucker would give her what she longed for.

"On your hands and knees, ho." Tucker said.

Irene moved onto her hands and knees, as naked as Tucker.

Her crucifix necklace was near her glasses.

Tucker's crucifix necklace rested on his discarded shirt.

After slapping his own best friend's ass twenty times, Tucker entered her pussy from behind.

Tucker grabbed Irene's hips, savored the way her butt shook with each impact.

Irene smiled after Tucker yanked on her long, black hair.

Tucker smacked her ass, Irene under his control, which she cherished.

"I never seriously thought about fucking you, but now that I'm doing it, I'm really glad I met you, fucking slut." Tucker said. He laughed. "Bet this is way better than that monster's cock."

"Yeah, Tuck. This is better. I wish you didn't have to be on your way to the prisoner's path soon. I... fuck... keep fucking me." Irene said, hoping her dad would never become aware how promiscuous she was.

She shut her eyes, aware her dad had to have sex with her mom to have her. If something was sexual immoral or not depended on the person judging it, not the universe.

She was a girl. Boys had to fill her pussy with their cocks.

It was nature.

"Good, I. Very good." Tucker said as he increased his pace. "Your pussy works wonders. To hell with Jenna's penny value pussy."

"Love you pulling on my hair, Tuck." Irene said, her hands against the cool floor, her best friend thrusting in and out her.

Tucker kept dominating her as he clenched her hair.

Irene moaned, let Tucker's skin continue slapping against the skin belonging to her ass.

More time passed.

"Almost there, I. This is all for you, my Italian wonder." Tucker said before smashing her ass into his hips. "Going to force all this cum into your dollar store, Italian pussy."

He flooded her pussy with cum that seemed too eager to swim through a vagina, heated cum that made Irene groan before squirting on the floor below. 

"God, Tuck. I think I love you in that Kyle and Amanda way." Irene said, her legs trembling.

Tucker pulled out, stood, used his foot to make Irene go onto her stomach. He slide her against her own pussy juice, dragging her along the floor.

A short moment after Irene became convinced Tucker intended on slitting her throat in the kitchen, the boy lifted her off the floor, turned her to him, gave her a post-orgasm kiss that lasted fifteen seconds.

Irene almost changed her plan.

"I don't know if we should go back to Jenna and Stacie. I feel like I need you to stay with me, be with me as much as possible." Tucker said when they donned what they had worn before they took steps into the room. Sitting backwards at the previous table, they savored each other's company.

A cougar prowled into the dining room.

Irene stood, snatched the shotgun from the table, her heart pounding at an quick rate.

The cougar turned to her, the beast intent on killing.

"I didn't know there was another one." Tucker said, his voice calm, as if he had full faith Irene would kill the furred creature with zero issues. "Shoot it when it gets too close."

"Of course." Irene said.

The creature lunged at her. When it was six feet near her body, Irene pulled the shotgun's trigger.

After the cougar dropped onto its side, Irene shut her eyes, opened them after taking a deep breath.

"The plan's going to start, Tucker. I need you to be ready for it." Irene said before placing the shotgun on the table.

"Yeah. The plan. Whatever that is." Tucker said when Irene moved the dead cougar's shotgun wound against the floor. She slid the warm, red blood against the floor, making a mess. "The plan to get Jenna and Stacie to shut the fuck up about what I did. I guess that's the plan."

Irene slammed the cougar's paw bottom against the blood puddle, moved the dead creature, stepped to the spot in front of Tucker.

"Turn Jenna and Stacie into monsters? I got it. Okay." Tucker said, not believing Irene would turn him into a savage monster. 

"I hope you can forgive me." Irene said before giving him a sweet kiss, gripping his shoulders. 

Tucker kissed her, putting his hands on her hips.

Irene ceased the kiss.

She slammed her leg into Tucker's ankle, making the boy hit the ground.

"Shit! No! Fuck! No!" Tucker said when Irene dragged him towards the blood puddle with the cougar's footprint.

"I'm so sorry, Tuck." Irene said as she took steps towards the blood puddle, tears descending her face, her glasses giving her a full view.

She forced Tucker's mouth against the cougar's footprint, placed her shoe bottom against his head, kicked her own best friend's side hard enough to make him emit a pained noise.

Tucker took the blood into his mouth.

Irene kept kicking him.

"I really love you. There was never enough time for us. I wish we had more time." Irene said, as if it was okay to talk polite to your best friend while you start the process to turn them into a red monster. "All those times I snuck you in my house in the middle of the night. Now, I wish we would've had sex each of those times!"

Irene pulled her foot off Tucker's head, kneeled, flipped the boy onto his back.

Tucker coughed cougar blood, took off his crucifix necklace. He said, "You gave this to me. Give it to Stacie, even if she's still passed out. It'll help. God always does."

He grinned after handing Irene the crucifix necklace, shut his eyes.

"The gold, Tuck. I need it all to myself. And Carlos is the main person who needs to die." Irene said.

She rested her head on his legs.

Later, in the room Carlos slept in, Irene hid the naked Tucker under the bed, aware her best friend had his marker-written first name on his forehead.

"Get the gold." Tucker said, holding Irene's hand as he lied under the bed. "Maybe this is better, I."

Irene nodded before saying, "I love you, Tucker."

"And I love you, Irene." Tucker said before groaning in pain. "La vita è più dolce con te. Life is sweeter with you. You told me that earlier."

"I wasn't lying." Irene said.

She shared a final kiss with him before standing, glared at the sleeping Carlos, whose lust for gold ruined friendships and gave people fates worse than death.

Carlos had fucked her ass in this room earlier.

Irene spit on the carpet before leaving.

She had to find the gold.