 Author's note-I'm glad that last pair managed to escape. Honestly, I considered killing them both off, but it seemed right to let that escape just happen. And I think they both deserved it.

So, what we know is Irene set Tucker on the path to becoming a Fin for nothing. 

Why?

Because Kyle ended up killing Carlos. Irene intended on having monster Tucker kill Carlos.

All the normal males in the story are now dead.

This chapter contains lesbian sex.

If you love Shady Ship, make sure you leave a comment, tell me what you liked, who you like so far, give me some appreciated feedback.

All characters in this story are at least eighteen years old.

*****

Dressed in their clothes, coats on, Jenna and Stacie remained in the room they had slept in earlier, listening to the roars bursting from monsters.

The two slim, eighteen-year old girls sat on the bedsheet on the floor, close to each other, Jenna's arm around Stacie's shoulders.

As she trembled, Stacie said, "I'm scared, Jenna. I don't want to die here. I just want to go home, forget all this."

Jenna furrowed her eyebrows, almost as worried as Stacie.

"I know, Stace." Jenna said. "Does your stomach hurt right now?"

Stacie shook her head.

"No. What we did together definitely stopped it," the less brave girl said. "Can you kiss me?"

Jenna pulled her arm from around Stacie's shoulders, moved her right hand to the girl's right hip, pressed her lips to Stacie's soft ones after shutting her eyes.

They kissed as Stacie had her palms against Jenna's cheeks.

Her eyes closed, Stacie filled her mind with a fantasy involving Jenna marrying her.

It was a fantasy as foolish as her cowardice.

Stacie was too terrified to slip her tongue into Jenna's mouth. 

But a monster might kill her.

That fact was enough to give Stacie the courage to move her tongue into her best friend's mouth.

The brown-hair girl's tongue slipping against Jenna's, Stacie's pussy became wetter.

Her heart pounding at an rapid pace, holding warm joy for the fact Jenna seemed like her girlfriend now, Stacie broke the kiss with reluctance.

"Jenna, I need you to sit on my face." Stacie said, resulting in Jenna laughing. The girl with the brown bangs held Jenna's arm. "Seriously. I want your vagina on my mouth while you sit on me. Please."

Jenna nodded, Stacie's best friend forever. She said, "Whatever you want, Stacie."

Stacie kissed Jenna on her lips, gave her cheek a one-second long kiss.

The girls stripped naked.

Jenna lied on her back, rubbed her fingers against her clit as she waited for Stacie to sit on her face.

Stacie stood above Jenna, brought her pussy close to her blond-haired, best friend's mouth.

The girl with the brown hair sat.

Jenna took Stacie's pussy in between her lips, sucked, causing Stacie to moan in sweet pleasure. 

Stacie grabbed her own breasts, played with her brown nipples, rocked her hips. Jenna sucked Stacie's wet pussy harder.

She grabbed Stacie's butt. 

Jenna sucked Stacie's clit, teased it, pushed her tongue in and out her best friend's wet cunt, squeezed her butt before rubbing it.

Stacie moaned as her favorite person in the universe pleased her pussy.

Her pussy juice leaking against Jenna's face, Stacie let loose rapid breaths.

Stacie grinded against Jenna's eager mouth.

Jenna took Stacie's clit into her mouth, sucked with determination, letting the brown-haired girl release more moans.

Jenna continued sucking, teasing, squeezing Stacie's ass, tasting her precious wetness.

Stacie's rocking became faster as she released bigger moans.

Jenna sucked hard on the other girl's clit, didn't stop.

Stacie screamed before unleashing her pussy juice on Jenna's mouth, face, hair, squirting.

Stacie's legs trembled.

She moved off Jenna when she breathed normal again.

Stacie lied close to Jenna, kissed her, let her best friend's tongue move into her mouth, tasted her own juices.

They kissed for two minutes.

"I want to do this with you literally forever, enjoy what you do to me." Stacie said after breaking the kiss. She moved her mouth to the girl's breast, sucked on a pink nipple. 

"We'll have more fun when we get back." Jenna said. "I promise you."

Stacie pulled her mouth off Jenna's nipple, its pinkness now wet with the brown-haired girl's saliva, her own female cum.

"Now we need to trib. I just can't get enough of you, Jen." Stacie said.

Stacie stood.

She moved over Jenna, straddled one leg, took her best friend's other leg, raised it into the air.

The brown-haired girl placed her pussy against Jenna's wet one.

She rubbed her pussy against Jenna, their wetness combining. 

"Oh, God! This feels so good! Fuck, Stacie!" Jenna said, the straight girl savoring lesbian sex.

While remaining on her back, her tits jiggling, Jenna cherished Stacie.

Stacie rubbed her pussy against Jenna's shaved cunt, her best friend's bouncing breasts, making her move quicker with excitement.

Their pussy juices continued joining together as the girls tribbed.

Their moans became louder, Jenna massaging her own breasts as Stacie didn't stop dominating her.

"I'm going to squirt so fucking hard!" Jenna said.

Her pussy exploded with girl cum.

While Jenna squirted while screaming, her best friend shook as her pussy blasted wetness against Jenna's pussy, into it.

Jenna screamed before saying, "Wow. Fucking wow."

Stacie spent twenty seconds panting, like Jenna.

The lesbian lied on top of Jenna, making her best friend's warm, soft skin press against her own.

"Will we really be okay, Jenna?" Stacie said, worried, which was an emotion far from being unfamiliar to Stacie.

Jenna brought her hands to Stacie's cheeks, stroked them. She said, "Yeah. They have to be."

Jenna kissed Stacie, initiating the lip-to-lip contact.

The door swung open.

Stacie scurried to stand, covered herself as his heart pounded in her chest.

"You okay?" Jenna said after standing.

Closing the door, Irene shook her head, dropped the shotgun.

"No. And you two shouldn't be having sex. We're all... in trouble. Oh, God. Fuck. Fuck." Irene said. She moved onto her knees.

Jenna and Stacie put their clothes on, including their coats.

Tucker wasn't in the room.

The twins were gone.

Carlos and Devon made no appearance.

"What the fuck happened, Irene? Is Devon at least somewhere else?" Jenna said, urgency rampant in her voice. "Is he?!"

Irene did not speak. She pulled a crucifix necklace from her pants pocket before placing it on the floor.

"Stacie, take that. Tucker wanted you to have it." Irene said before wiping at tears on her face. She turned her head to Jenna. "He's gone, though. Everyone else is, too. But I didn't see the twins."

Jenna took a trembling breath.

"What? So, Devon is really...?" Jenna said. Her hands shook. "You're sure?"

Irene nodded. 

"Carlos killed him. And I think Kyle killed Carlos." Irene said.

Stacie moved to the spot in front of Jenna, who didn't hesitate to wrap her arms around her. Hugging Jenna, Stacie let her best friend hold her while the blonde sobbed.

Warm tears leaked from Stacie's eyes.

Irene took quick steps to the spot near Stacie, hugged her embracing two friends, forming a group hug.

A minute passed.

Irene retrieved the crucifix necklace from the floor, put it on Stacie after returning to the spot near her.

"God and Jesus Christ will keep you safe, Stacie. Don't forget." Irene said.

Stacie fiddled with the crucifix necklace.

"Thanks, Irene," she said, appreciating Irene and Tucker.

"You're welcome." Irene said. She turned her head to Jenna. "Devon said he's sorry. And he loves you. Carlos killed him, because he wouldn't kill me. Devon wanted me to live, so I could get all of you out of here."

Jenna nodded before crying harder.

"Does the shotgun still have ammo?" Stacie said, rubbing her arms, despite not having chill goosebumps.

"Not anymore." Irene said.

Stacie frowned, trembled, more terrified than she was before.

Irene took quick steps to a spot near the bed Tucker had lied in, grabbed the hat from the bed.

She hugged it while closing her eyes.

"He was really sorry, Jenna." Irene said when she opened her eyes. She put on Tucker's beanie. "And I'm sorry that's what my best friend tried doing to you."

Jenna shook her head. She said, "It's all over now. The important thing is that we leave this damn ship as soon as possible."

"This is a Navy ship, which should mean there's a lot of boats we can use to escape. And I know of a room that has guns and ammo." Irene said, not intending on letting her and her remaining friends die. "But there's more monsters out there, too. We have to make it to the guns, though."

Stacie lifted the unloaded shotgun from the floor, intending on using it as a club for bashing.

"I wish we knew where the ship's armory was." Jenna said.

Irene opened the door a bit. She said, "Me too. But we need to get to that room I mentioned. You two ready?"

When they took steps in a hall with Irene in the lead, Stacie held the empty shotgun while shaking with fear.

"I think I should've stayed back in the room." Stacie said, not prideful enough to admit she had fear coursing through her body.

"Calm down, Stace." Jenna said before placing her hand on the brown-haired girl's shoulder. "Everything is going to work out okay."

Stacie nodded.

When they reached a hall where a red monster tore into Devon's neck with its jagged teeth, Stacie screamed.

The monster turned its focus to Irene, who was the closest person to it.

It ran on all fours toward Irene, as if it was the cougar Stacie had seen earlier, the monster fast.

Irene dived as the monster pounced.

The creature missed her.

While the Italian girl scurried into the nearby room, Carlos lying dead nearby, the monster turned its focus to Jenna.

"Don't look at her!" Jenna said in a furious yell.

She rushed, crushed the empty shotgun against the creature's face, Stacie determined to see Jenna survive.

The slim, red creature retreated six feet, roared.

A rifle's barrel slammed against its head.

Four bullets ended the monster, making it as dead as Devon.

"I wish my dad could've seen me do that." Irene said, holding a black rifle. 

Jenna crept closer to the dead monster, its head wet with its own blood. She said, "You weren't lying about this at all."

Stacie stayed standing in her spot.

"What is it?" she said.

"Humans aren't at the top of the food chain." Irene said. She took steps into the room, returned with a pistol, gave it to Jenna. When Irene loaded Stacie's shotgun for her, the Italian turned her head to Carlos's dead body. "We're putting your gun to better use, bitch."

Carlos didn't reply, dead.

Jenna brought her focus to the pistol Irene had given her. She said, "So, now we find a boat and get off this ship?"

Intense pain coursed through Stacie's stomach.

She moved onto her knees before pressing a hand to her stomach.

"It hurts worse than before!" she said, her stomach pain making her long to lie in a bed for hours. "Why am I still like this? Why?"

Irene and Jenna kept their focus on Stacie, not spotting the lurking red.

Through the horrible pain, Stacie pointed her shotgun.

Jenna and Irene put distance between themselves and the kneeling girl.

The creature lunged at Jenna, its eyes red.

A blast from Stacie's shotgun sent the menace dying on the floor, ruining its seven-foot tall body beyond repair.

It writhed, stopped.

Jenna rushed to kneel next to Stacie after pocketing her pistol. Irene glanced around the hall, ready to unleash her black rifle's bullets on any monster that might try attacking the girls.

Jenna let Stacie lean against her. She held her while saying, "It's okay. We're going to get out of here now."

Tears leaked from Stacie's eyes.

"I'm going to lie down. You and Irene should check the bridge for the gold. I think that's where it should be. Come back for me when you find it." Stacie said, not longing to depart from Jenna, but she was aware it would be best for her to rest. "You'll make it back to me. Don't worry."

"Me and Jenna will take you to the bed in that room." Irene said.

Stacie shook her head.

"I'll do it myself. You two just need to get to the bridge," she said before groaning in pain. She stood while shaking. "Go."

Jenna turned Stacie to her. Gripping her shoulders, she said, "Not without kissing you again."

Stacie brought her hands to Jenna's sides.

The brown-haired girl closed her eyes, moved her lips to Jenna's. They kissed for ten seconds before hugging, separating.

"I love you, Stacie." Jenna said, her blue eyes trained on Stacie's blue ones.

They both had blue eyes, which was a fact that made them more alike, such as the intense love they had for each other.

"I love you, Jenna." Stacie said before kissing her.

They stopped kissing, gave each other a tight hug, departed.

Irene gave a nod to Jenna, left with her after sharing a quick hug with Stacie.

The brown-haired girl was alone.

Stacie grinned, let tears leak from her eyes, warm her cheeks.

She turned to the latest dead monster on the floor.

It remained dead.

"Why did you and the other one ignore me?" Stacie said. She frowned, shook her head. "I won't be like you. The cougar blood made me sick. But... I am sorry that happened to you. If you used to be human."

She took trembling steps into the room, collapsed on the bed when she was close to it, her coat and shoes on.

Stacie writhed as worse pain ran rampant through her stomach.

Unaware to her, the skin on her stomach was red, like the skin almost dominating her back.

She groaned in pain.

"Stacie," a voice said.

The hurting girl turned onto her back, spotted a woman standing. The lesbian said, "You were under the bed this whole time?"

She focused on the rifle the woman held, put a bit distance between herself and the other female.

"Don't kill me. I'm already dealing with enough." Stacie said, pleading for the woman to spare her life.

The woman shouldered the rifle. In a soft tone, she said, "Don't worry. I won't hurt you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm Rachel, Stacie. That's my name. And you're going to become a Fin."

Stacie offered her hand to Rachel, as if she accepted her fate.

Rachel held the girl's hand. She said, "You fell in that cougar's blood, didn't you? I'm sorry."

Stacie moaned as a less intense pain shrouded her stomach.

"I don't want to die. I just want to sleep. And I really hope I dream about Jenna." Stacie said.

"Your cheek is turning red." Rachel said to the girl. She frowned. "And now your nose. I hate seeing this happen to someone who didn't want it."

Stacie shut her eyes, the pain in her stomach becoming less horrible as time passed.

Aware she would become a monster, but longing for well-earned sleep, Stacie said, "Please tell me the twins are okay. I need to know if some of my friends are at least okay."

"Kyle and Amanda are safe. They're far away enough from this ship." Rachel said, which made Stacie smile. "And Devon died wanting to let every other person you love live."

"Thank you." Stacie said, warm joy in her body, the pain almost gone.

She got her well-earned sleep.

Rachel stopped holding the sleeping girl's hand, which became red three seconds later.

"Bye, Stacie." Rachel said, wiping at a tear on her face.

When she left the room, Stacie was alone again.