 Katie had been hot for the last six hours, and it was only for the last forty minutes that she'd been doing anything about it. Naked on her bed, she was playing with herself roughly by now, her toys lined up on the edge of her king-sized mattress. It had been a long day, and a lot had been accomplished, her promotion from senior junior-executive of her department to senior executive not the least of them. She had staged a major coup and then took her friends and supporters out for dinner at a highly priced restaurant in the city. Katie had ordered veal scaloppini, which only made her hotter. Taking one of her friends home for sex wasn't an option, so when they were done, Katie got out her toys and began to masturbate. At thirty-one, she was single and liked it that way.

Reverently, she picked up her favorite toy, a neon green, nine-inches-long, three-inches wide, vibrator-dildo with an hourglass figure, except that this device had three spheres instead of two. At one end, a cord protruded so that Katie could stick her hand through and leave the cord around her wrist-an emergency failsafe to remove the dildo in case she were to lodge it inside of her completely. Katie had yet to do that after nearly two years, but she thought she was ready for it tonight. Gingerly, she pushed the device against her labia, turning on the vibrator. With a thrust from her hands and her hips, the first sphere was swallowed by her hungry pussy, plunging her into a sea of orgasms. Katie groaned loudly, exultant in the fact that she was doing this to herself and no one could hear her: not her parents, not her coworkers, not her minister, not her brother. To them she would always be good, little Katie, the one who follows the rules and gets the job done. The vibrator squished in and out, making her cum, making her squeal with delight. God bless the person who created this wonder, she thought.

Just then an explosion rocked her street-a real explosion, not caused by, nor the euphemism for, an orgasm as she knew it. Quickly throwing on a black woolen cloak-a family heirloom-and wrapping it around her, she flipped the hood over her head. Stopping at her door long enough to slip the vibrator in to the second sphere and turn off the batteries, Katie rushed down the stairs in a flutter of shadows, pausing as she passed the mirror on the wall of the stairway to admire her refined features: delicate bone structure, light blue eyes, golden locks, small nose, full lips. Enough vanity, girl, she thought, people may be dying. She reached the front door in time to see a subcompact hit a telephone pole with a fiery blast of light and heat. Her eyes were riveted to the images beyond the window. The telephone pole swayed violently back and forth, ripping out one, then two cables. The streetlamp attached to the telephone pole and all the lights in Katie's home abruptly went out. "Shit!" The electric cable dangled from twenty feet up, raining blue death on the street below, the car, and anything else. She saw three figures emerge from the wreckage, stumbling toward her house.

My God, it's a miricle they survived! As a side note, she thought: at least the power outage won't affect many people-the next home is a few miles away. Searching the kitchen for a flashlight, Katie opened each and every drawer. The only things she could find were a dozen long-stemmed candles and a barbeque charcoal lighter-the kind with a trigger and a long spout for the flame. Lighting a candle, she searched for candelabras, finding two triads, a single, and a quintuplet setting. Arranging the candles in their holders, she brought out a few cloth place mats and brought the quintuplet candelabra, a place mat, and her lit candle with her to the living room, which was near the front door. Setting these things down on the piano that had been her grandmother's, Katie lit the five candles, then went back for the two triads. She set these down on a redwood coffee table next to her favorite rocking chair and a glass coffee table that had been in her family for five generations, which sat in front of the living room sofa. She lit each triumvirate in its turn, standing back to admire the way the candlelight played on the glass, the brass frame of the ancient coffee table, the sofa, the walls, the stairway. Katie loved candles, and thought about finding more to light when a knock came at the door. "Hold on a moment," she told the strangers, walking slowly and deliberately to the door. She wished now that she had removed the vibrator when she had the chance, but this was an interesting game she was playing with herself now, if a bit kinky and exhibitionistic. Katie made certain that both spheres were still inside of her, then opened the door, holding the single candle in one hand and the doorknob in the other. "Hello?" She pulled back the hood to reveal her face.

In front of her stood three women clad in jeans. The one to her left was dark and tall, possibly Greek or Italian, voluptuous, with a model's face and compelling eyes. Her hair was raven-black and shoulder length, and it brushed the matching denim jacket she wore. Next to her stood a petite redhead with delicate green eyes in a purple velour blouse, wearing sandals. Her hair was cut in a long approximation of a crewcut, perhaps four inches instead of the military standard, and was highly mixed with pink, giving it an unnaturally red color. The woman on the far right leaned against the door frame, a lopsided grin on her face; she wore a faded t-shirt and a torn leather jacket; her hair was blond, but little remained save stubble. All of them looked disheveled, soot-covered, the one on the right winning that contest with a cut that ran from her forehead to her temple; a few drops of blood ran down the left side of her face. Katie thought they might be dykes, but didn't care. The redhead looked youngest, possibly twenty, but that was pushing it. The other two seemed to be in their middle to late twenties, perhaps early thirties, with the darker one to Katie's left definitely being the eldest of all four women there. The redhead said something to the dark one that Katie didn't catch, and the blonde said, "Our car seems to have blown up. May we use your phone?"

Without thinking, Katie replied, "Of course. Come in." She laughed at the woman's way of saying things. Why bother mucking around, Katie thought, just get to the truth and damn the social formalities. After all, she thought, the car had blown up. She directed them to seats in the living room, then went to the kitchen for her cordless phone. She tested it, then called, "Um, I'm sorry, but my phone isn't working right now. Can I get you anything?" She rummaged in the refrigerator for something to drink, found an unopened bottle of Chateau de Loure, one of her favorite, though more expensive, red wines. It would calm her nerves a little, and who knew, maybe she'd have something in common with these women. Probably not, Katie reconsidered, but the dark one seemed refined, even if she was traveling with rabble. And dressing beneath herself, Katie added, though how she knew that she wasn't certain. "How about some Band-Aids for that cut," she offered. The blonde called from the other room, her voice coarse, that it was alright, and thanks anyway.

Katie felt someone watching her and turned around. The dark-haired woman stood behind her, five feet away, observing her every move. Katie squeezed her legs together before the vibrator began to fall, squeezing her vaginal muscles as well; the sensations that spread across her lithe frame almost made her drop the candle and the bottle of wine. She blushed as her legs turned to jelly, and the stranger rushed to help her, taking her by her underarms and lifting her to her feet. "Thank-you," Katie whispered, immensely turned on by this woman's proximity. "I-" she blushed darker, glad that her cloak covered the toy between her legs. The dark woman was silent, appraising Katie; she seemed to know about the vibrator, even though she couldn't possibly see it. Katie stammered an explanation, setting down the candle and the wine.

The stranger put her index finger to Katie's lips, making her feel like a schoolgirl, and said, "Forgive my sister. She sometimes forgets her manners. My name is Elsabeth. I am glad to have been of service to you." Her voice was lush, rich with a European accent. Katie was more inclined to place Elsabeth as Italian rather than Greek now, but her guest could have been French. "Thank-you for your hospitality. May I help you pour?" Elsabeth removed her finger from Katie's lips, smiling as Katie would envision royalty smiling.

"Yes, please. I'd appreciate your help." She removed four wine glasses from the cupboard above her and set them on the counter. "I'm Kathryn, but everyone calls me Katie." She wanted so badly to ask this woman where she was from, why she was with those other women, and what title she held, certain that Elsabeth did hold a title, but she refrained, her business instincts telling her to wait, belay her curiosity, bide her time for the proper moment in conversation. She also wanted to wrap her arms around this woman and hold her, fuck her, but that was most definitely not going to happen, not if any of her parents' and her teachers' disciplinary actions had anything to say about it. No, that was, unfortunately, not to be her pleasure tonight. The most Katie could hope for was that these women would leave soon so that Katie could go back to her room and masturbate for a long, long time, fantasizing about the woman so close to her right now.

Elsabeth began to pour wine into each glass as Katie thought these things; she smiled demurely as she did so, giving Katie a picture that stood out as glaringly wrong. This woman should not be pouring wine, thought Katie. "Please, let me," she said, but Elsabeth would not relinquish the bottle, and Katie didn't want to spill any of the wine or break any of the glasses. Besides, struggling with this stranger would only make her look foolish, and Katie despised looking foolish, especially in the eyes of people whose respect she craved. Wringing her hands helplessly as Elsabeth continued to pour wine into the last glass, Katie took two of the glasses and walked to the living room, giving one to each of the two women on the sofa. The redhead bubbled a thank-you and the blonde inclined her head. Elsabeth came out of the kitchen holding the other two glasses, giving one to Katie. "Oh, thank-you," she said, surprising everyone there, including herself, with a curtsey to Elsabeth. She set her glass down at the redwood coffee table, near the right arm of her rocking chair.

"I didn't know what to do with the wine," informed Elsabeth, "so I left it on the counter."

"It's okay," Katie replied, "I'll take care of it." Of course you don't know what to do with opened wine, silly, thought Katie. You've never had to worry about it before. Her thoughts were beginning to disturb her as she found a cap for the bottle and replaced it in the refrigerator. The vibrator began to slip down the walls of her pussy as Katie turned around toward the living room, and she let out a little moan, confident that none of her guests would hear her. She came back to the living room to find them all sitting silently, looking at her. The redhead was sipping her wine, and her eyes danced mockingly. Did they all know, Katie wondered.

Before Katie could sit down, Elsabeth stood, "Katie, please allow me to introduce my friends." She motioned with her hand toward her companions. "This is Katie," she told her friends on the couch, "and these," she said, indicating the redhead, "are Sara and," indicating the blonde, "Leah. They are both young, so please excuse them for any breach in manners." Her eyes caught and held each of them reproachfully, seemingly reminding them of past transgressions. Katie thought it a bit old-fashioned and quaint, but it only helped her confirm that Elsabeth was definitely royalty. But Elsabeth had also used the term "sister." Did that mean that Leah and Sara were royalty, too? Katie hoped not. Just the same, she curtsied to each of them, and they inclined their heads silently.

Katie sat down, glad to be off her feet. Forgetting the device within her, she began to rock slightly, and quickly was overcome by a climax of such intensity that Katie wasn't able to remain silent. Her cry made all of her guests look at her askance, and Katie blushed hard in response, beads of sweat forming on her brow. She took a nervous sip from her glass, glad for the warmth it imparted and the sweet taste she was accustomed to.

"Did we catch you," Sara asked, prolonging Katie's embarrassment, her eyes sparkling with mirth, "at a bad time?" She stood, setting her wine on the glass-pane surface of the coffee table, walking around it, and approaching Katie. She was unbuttoning her blouse, smiling down at her hostess. She wore no bra underneath, and Katie saw freckles on Sara's pert breasts. Katie was appalled, but couldn't tear her gaze from the spectacle. She tried to look at Elsabeth for support, but Sara was in her line of sight. Out of the corner of her eyes, she saw Leah smiling from her place on the sofa, though she made no move to rise and participate. Sara had unbuttoned all the buttons she could without untucking the blouse, and now removed the bottom portion of the material from between her jeans and her skin. Katie watched as Sara's dark brown nipples grew hard, dimly aware of the moisture her pussy was secreting in response to this performance. Sara massaged her breasts, mashing them together as if to enhance the look of her cleavage, giving an exaggerated moan. Katie guessed that Sara might wear a 34B cup, were she so inclined-her breasts were just about the same size as Katie's.

Sara's eyes remained locked on Katie's, and Katie couldn't turn away, too caught up in what might come next. Sara grabbed her crotch through her jeans, rubbing quickly; she squealed in what Katie took for genuine delight. The redhead slipped out of her sandals and peeled off her jeans, revealing a lack of underwear; her pussy had been shaved. She stepped forward, completely naked, and took Katie's wine glass, setting it on the redwood board beside the chair. She took Katie's hands in hers, her grin mischievous, bringing Katie to her feet. The two stood, and Sara pulled the cloak off of Katie by the bottom hem, leaving the blonde executive stark naked except for her dildo, whose third, neon green sphere protruded conspicuously. "What have we here?" Sara laughed, turning her head to Leah and Elsabeth, moving so that both could see. Katie moved to cover herself, her body completely pink with humiliation. Elsabeth and Leah stood quickly, moving with the speed of jungle cats, pinning Katie's arms away from herself so that all three could observe her.

They looked at her in a way that reminded her of her brother during Thanksgiving one year at Grandma's house, his eyes full of hungry lust for the turkey. Katie felt like that turkey now, in more ways than one. Leah spread Katie's legs, exposing her pussy even further, and she had to grip the dildo-damn this dildo, it's gotten me into so much trouble, and they're going to rape me, now-tighter with her pussy muscles, or it would fall to the rug, slick with her juices. Katie tried to look away from all of them, but Elsabeth gripped her chin between thumb and forefinger, forcing Katie to look at her as she fondled Katie's tiny breasts. Tears were streaming down her face, and she tried to beg them to stop, to spare her, but her voice kept hitching in her throat. "Shh, hush child," Elsabeth told her, "we will not do anything we know you do not want us to, Katie. I promise you will enjoy this." Her voice and her eyes had a soothing effect, and Katie stopped crying. Her body was still flush with embarrassment, but Leah was starting to take off her own clothes, and Elsabeth was doing likewise.

Sara led Katie to the middle of the room by the cord which dangled from the vibrator, and Katie followed miserably. The feelings Sara produced by pulling on the cord almost made it worth Katie's while, but she didn't know these people, and she didn't know what they had planned.

Planned, she thought hysterically, do you really think they crashed into the PG&E pole on purpose, much less blew up their car, all so they could fuck you? Damn girl! Gettin' paranoid, aren't we?

Sara kissed Katie hotly, pushing her down to the floor so that Katie lay on her back. Sara splayed Katie's legs, taking a sitting position between them; her eyes lit up when she found the activator switch for the vibrator, and she turned it on, giggling. "Does that feel good? You'll have to let me try it later." The buzzing device crawled up Katie's pussy, making her gasp and moan in pleasure. Sara was pushing it deeper, twisting it from side to side, "I never had one of these when I was growing up. Where did you get this one?" Sara licked her lips, "I bet it makes you cum a lot, huh? Do you have sweet cum? We're gonna find out." She pushed the vibrating monster harder into Katie's pussy, making her scream. The orgasms were like explosions that fried every piece of her but left her intact so she could feel the next round. They pounded through her mercilessly, and Katie screamed louder. The vibrator squished through her, completely burying itself in Katie's hot, wet cunt.

When the last orgasmic wave passed over her, Katie looked down at herself and smiled blissfully. "It finally happened. The damn thing finally went in all the way. God damn. . . ." She lay back against the carpet again, smiling despite her predicament. 

Leah walked to Katie's left shoulder and knelt down, looking at her impassively. The woman was extremely pale, Katie noticed-they were all pale. Her breasts were moderately sized, though the nipples and areolae were huge, angry red points on her chest. A thick blonde tuft of hair stood ruffled between Leah's perfect legs, and despite herself Katie reached out to touch it. Leah didn't stop her, only arched her back when Katie found Leah's labia and clitoris. Katie smiled in satisfaction, believing she'd regained a measure of respect in these women's eyes.

Elsabeth knelt at Katie's right shoulder, smiling curtly. The aristocrat's skin was like smooth, creamy coffee, and her nipples were like dark chocolate. "There are only a few rules, Katie," Elsabeth informed her. "You are not allowed to say anything except 'yes' and 'no.' The words are for your benefit, as we are not obliged to listen to either, and we will speak freely. You may scream, murmur, moan, groan, or what have you, but remember not to speak. We will punish you if you do."

Katie's eyes were pleading, and she absolutely had to know: "How are you going to punish me?"

"Ah," said Elsabeth, "I was just getting to that. Rewards are like this: distributed as we see fit by your behavior, in the form of more pleasure, and possibly your survival. Punishments are similar: if you speak, do violence, or try to escape, we might cut you, bite you, beat you, or kill you, and if you are truly wicked then you will definitely survive," Katie's eyes lit up with hope, "but do not think automatically that this is a good thing." Elsabeth, Leah, and Sara all smiled as she said this, and Katie couldn't repress a shudder. "In all things, relax, and do as we say. Obedience is valued highly and will be rewarded. One last thing: this is for your enjoyment as much as ours. Do be honest when we ask you if you are climaxing or if you like what we are doing. We hope to give you the most pleasure you have ever felt, and the most pleasure you will ever feel." Katie listened to it all and was compelled to obey. Her every thought was directed not towards living past this event, but relaxing, doing as she was told, and enjoying the things they would do to her as much as possible.
