 The flame of the fire cast her in silhouette as I turned her to face me, the last of folds of the dress slipping away as she did so. Her eyes burned from the shadow of her, challenging and sexual. Her eyes demanded pleasure.

She pushed me back, grabbed my cock, felt its firmness all along its length. It was as though she were appraising my member, seeing if it was fit for her. Her thumb pressed against my frenulum, and the pressure of it was a little numbing but also exciting. 

I slapped her hand away and scurried forward, up onto my knees, pressing in close to her, feeling my erection against her belly, her breasts full and warm against my chest. I wrapped my arm around her shoulders, in a kind of embrace, pulling us close together, my cheek against her ear. And with my other arm I reached down between her legs and finally I felt her pussy, the full of it, plump and warm and wet.

I clutched her pudenda firmly, could fairly feel it pulse with desire in my hand, and wiggled my long middle finger between her lips and felt it moisten. I rubbed my finger back and forth, and felt it coated in her juices, and pressed it up in between the folds of her labia and felt my finger tip enter her. I felt my dick spasm, and all I could think about was how tight and delicious it felt.

Her hips thrust toward me more, and so I pushed my finger in deeper, felt the soft tight folds of her vulva resist and finally allow passage. I got my finger in past the second knuckle, and slowly started to finger fuck her.

Her head dropped into the crook of my shoulder and short gasps escaped her. Her arms went weak, and I locked her into position with my encircling arm. I couldn't see her face, now: her hair hung forward and loose over her head, tumbling down over her shoulders and breasts. There was only her gasping, the crackle of the fire, and the occasional whinny of the horses outside, and the lack of other resonance made the sounds of her pleasure all the more distinct.

I withdrew my finger, and she gave a moan of protest, looking at me with half-lidded eyes and parted lips. I kissed those lips, feeling their wantonness, and suddenly she slid down the bed, her head falling into my lap, her curls spread across my thighs, and those lips were on my dick, taking it in, kissing and wrapping the tender sponge of cockhead. Her tongue slid along the underside of my shaft, lusciously warm and wet, and now she arched her neck and swallowed my cock whole. It felt so fucking good I fell back and moaned long and low, my arms stretched out and my hands clawing the fur throws. 

After sucking on me for some time, bringing my blood to the boil and my balls tight and tingling, I thought it was her turn. I slid back out from under her, sitting up, but she quickly crawled up the bed and shoved me flat again. She continued to crawl up from body, pressing her cunny along me and teasing my cock with it. She left a trail of moistness over it, and I could smell her and wanted to fuck her so much right now.

My girl got up and over me, over my face, with her arms stretched against the timber of the yurt frame for support, and her thighs either side of my head, and that delectable ebony pussy right above my eyeline. The swell of her ass cheeks from down below was making my mind race. The curve of her thighs up towards snatch, and then narrowing between only to blossom into a beautifully curved derriere: all had me panting to taste her. She slowly lowered herself towards me, and as she did so, her thighs spread and so did her pussy, her lips parting to reveal a delicious pink slit. And when finally it touched my lips, and I gently kissed and suckled on it, I found it truly was delicious. I licked my tongue wide and flat up the length of her labia, and kissed down the sides of it, suckling into the nook between her pussy and her thighs. And then I returned to that heaven, that dripping pink centre and slid my longue between her folds and flick it up and down. 

My girl arched her hips and drove her pudenda down harder, and I was forced to breathe through my nose, smelling only her sex and her body, her sweat-slicked skin. I jabbed my tongue in and out, and she gave a surprised yelp, and so I nuzzled even deeper still and dug my tongue as far as I could into her pussy, using the nub of my nose against her clit, making slow circles with it.

I pulled back, and I saw the tension leave her. She looked down at me, lust in her eyes, and I put my hands on her hips, ran my hands along her skin, appreciating her body, feeling her ass and her back, my fingers down over her thighs. Back up again to her hips, where I gently pushed, and encouraged her to edge back down the bed. But when she'd got only as far as my cock, I suddenly drove it up, straight up into her soaked pussy, and it slid straight in with great ease, and her eyes went wide and her mouth formed an O, and it took a moment before she released her breath and with it a sound of surprise that died into a long and tremulous moan. And I continued to thrust, pulling out far but driving in deep. At first I was slow with this, but then I drove my cock into her pussy with a great urgency. I needed to fuck her, to know nothing but fucking her.

Her hands were on my chest, her hair like the branches of a willow as it hung forward. Her large breasts swung with every thrust, her nipples hard and nubby. I could see the flesh of her hips tremble as I rammed my cock deep each time. I was bouncing her up and down as I fucked her. She leaned her head back and groaned, one long continuous groan, and the fire flickered past the curtain of her hair, and her pussy suddenly clenched around my cock and suddenly the sight of her, the sight of her face in ecstasy, of her tits bouncing, of her pussy clenching, suddenly it was too much for me and I felt my balls grow tighter and a hot fire surge along my length and my cock exploded, and I was crying out from the intensity of it, as was she.

Curiously, there was an ethereal blue light beginning to emanate from her body as she rocked to my thrusting, and it came from her in waves. In it I saw the whisper of stars, of a celestial map, but my girls eyes were closed, her brow creased with the concentration of cumming. This show ebbed with my thrusting, but grew brighter with her climax.

We moaned together as we came, and I thrust my hips as I spurted, and finally we were done and we went still but for the heaving of our chests as we sought to catch our breath. The ethereal light dissipated from her, vanishing from the air like a fine mist that extinguishes itself. Her elbows quivered, and she chose to fall against me and slide in next to me, my arm under her and hers curled across my chest. Only the crackle of the fire and the force of our breathing could be heard. The night was deep now, and all slept but us.

After some time, she was looking up at me; her head still nestled against mine, but close to me. I was running my fingers down her spine. I could feel the scars there, that curious branding of scores and marks.

"I was going to kill them," she said to me. I gave her a curious look. "I had a dagger of my own," she explained. "I was going to kill the guards, or maybe Alexander himself."

"I don't doubt that you actually do have the ability to do this," I said. "But not with any dagger, I'd wager."

She frowned at me, pulling her head back quizzically.

"I saw your light," I said.

She fell still, staring at me hard, eyes guarded. 

I laughed suddenly, and she was looking at my fangs. She relaxed a little. 

"You saw," she admitted.

But before we could talk any more of it, there was a commotion outside, and I could see a great light fill the night, dancing orange against the wall of the yurt. There was screaming, and the smell of burning flesh suddenly, although that was probably too soft for my girl to smell yet.

And then the tent flap was flung back, and a Man charged in and stood inside the entrance, staring at us. It was not the Parthian farm-clan leader, I saw, but an altogether different breed of man. A warrior, and highly skilled. And in one hand he carried three heads by the roots of their hair, and in the other he brandished a large scimitar that dripped blood along its entire curved length.