 This is my first paranormal erotic story that I have ever written. I'm not usually a writer of paranormal erotica; while I'm a fan of vampire erotica. I was moved by an author who has submitted several erotic stories another site. I decided to write a short vampire erotic story, and I am unsure of creating a sequel, since I intended to create a short vampire story. However, I was respectively inspired by this song: "Hey Baby (Drop It To The Floor)" by Pitbull featuring T Pain ©2010; based on the hook lyrics by T-Pain. I really hope you enjoy.

*

He steps in the nightclub, making an attractive appearance to everyone alike; those who adore him and those loath him. Everyone takes notice. He is the most handsome man in the club; young boyish looks, dirty blonde hair styled in mousse, piercing green eyes, and a perfect build to make women go orgasmic if they were to see his chest. Every woman that he passes in the nightclub can't help but to take notice of him, and the men who are with their women can only give snares as the handsome man passes them by. He even appeals to the female bartenders that cross his path, but he disregards them because he is looking for that one particular woman; one in particular that separates from every girl in the nightclub. 

As he approaches to the bar to get his drink, several women approach him to either say hi, leave him their phone numbers, or propositioned him to fuck somewhere private. He rejects them in a more candid way, explaining he is waiting for someone. Who? It is unexplained. He even charmed a less confident heavy-set woman into happiness, when he said a few words to her. She displays an expression of disbelief that an attractive man would take the time to talk to her, and hold her hand as he gives a gentle kiss. Once the bartender serves his drink, he gives the bartender a $20 bill and walks away, unconcerned about his change because he signaled the bartender to keep the change.

His drink is a dark red-like color in a decent size shot glass. He walks to the steps of the club and looks around for that particular someone. All the other women that are nearby stare at him. While their men continue to snare at him, with such jealousy and insecurity. Once he finishes his drink, he sets his empty glass at an empty table, and walks through the dance floor to get a better view of a VIP section and takes notice to a group of guys toasting and acting obnoxious. There are four men are in the VIP section toasting and pretending to be a group of ballers, while an attractive woman, with such sex appeal, leans over the rail with her arms folded. She displays an expression of feeling dissatisfied of her obnoxious boyfriend that is toasting in the VIP section.

A young man comes out of the VIP to talk to his girlfriend that is waiting outside the VIP section. He is dressed in a very flamboyant style, and has an ego that is so huge he is a legend in his own mind. He tries to persuade his girlfriend to join the party, but she declines since she doesn't want to sit with his obnoxious friends. He gets upset and tries to argue with her. Then he becomes belligerent when he pushes away, calling her names and such. The attractive woman goes into tears; she walks away from the VIP section, and has had enough of him. Before she makes her way down the steps, she makes eye contact with him; the most handsome man in the club. She immediately goes into a hypnotic state of ecstasy; caressing her hair down to her cleavage. The man spoke with such a charm that made her feel all wet inside. 

"You are a very beautiful woman. Come and dance with me." He says.

Without any reluctance, she joins the very handsome man and dances with him. The beat is so outgoing, she loosens herself and sways to the beat in a sultry way; kind of like dirty dancing. Not only she is dancing with the most handsome man in the club, she discovers that this man can move and keep in sync; the way he touches her tingles her senses. There is much between these two; they are only moments away from making love on the dance floor, until she is grabbed by the arm from her immature boyfriend.

"Who the fuck is this asshole you're dancing with?!" Her boyfriend asked.

She yells in pain, "Ow! Let me go, you're hurting me!"

"Bitch, get upstairs!" To the handsome man, "She's mine! She belongs to me! You stay the fuck away from her!"

The handsome man doesn't react; he remains calm and says, "I don't see your name written all over her.

Her arrogant boyfriend becomes infuriated, so his friends from the VIP room surround the handsome man. It appears to be that he is going to have his ass brutally kicked in the club, and this fight might turn into a pandemonium. But the handsome man has anticipated something this, and he has some tricks up his sleeves, to deescalate the situation. What the handsome man noticed was his friends didn't have any women with them, so he uses his ingenious way to break up his clique, and to single out her abrasive boyfriend.

Nearby, is a group of pretty women that are dancing amongst each other, they walk over to the guys that are surrounding this handsome man. They work their womanly charm to dance with them and the plan worked; one by one they forget about jumping the handsome man, and leave the obnoxious boyfriend standing alone. He becomes enraged and tries to throw a punch at the handsome man; he misses when the handsome man dodges the fist throw. He tries to swing another punch with his other fist, but misses again when the handsome man dodges the second time. The third time becomes a curse for the boyfriend, when he tries to swing directly at the handsome man's face and his punch is immediately caught by the handsome man's impressive reflexes.

He cries in extreme pain, when the handsome man squeezes the metacarpals of his fist, submitting her obnoxious boyfriend to surrender; he does. The attractive woman stood and watched her boyfriend get humiliated by the very handsome charming man she set her eyes on. She takes off her ring and tosses it at her now ex-boyfriend. The handsome man extends his hand, offering her to leave with him. They leave together, leaving the obnoxious boyfriend to cringe in humiliation.

"Let's go somewhere private." He suggested, as he takes her to the rear exit.

She doesn't resist. The attractive woman lays her trust on him as she can't wait for what is next. They make their exit from the rear of the club, and enter the alleyway. The alleyway is filled with litter and steam, illuminated with one lamp that hangs over the doorway exit of the club. 

A sudden nerve works her up to kiss him. They become affectionate and passionate for each other. When they stop kissing, she looks at him with sex in her eyes and says...

"Take me... Take me here, right now." 

To avoid being seen, he takes her down to the alley next to a parked limo that appears to have no one inside. The chauffer is having a cigarette as he walks down another alleyway. He unzips his pants and drops them. She pulls down her thong and hikes up her night dress, for the handsome guy to hold her legs up and pin her against the wall.

A soft quiet gasp is let out by her, as he slides himself in her. She smiles sensuously as he pumps her passionately. The beast of passion drives through his nerves as he fucks her hard and aggressively. She tries not to be loud, but she can't help it but to moan. 

Suddenly, he grips her by her hair and presses against her when he cums inside her. She remains in suspension, as she can feel him pumping cum inside her; she closes her eyes in ecstasy. Once he finishes climaxing, he grows out his canines and he sinks his teeth down her neck. The attractive woman's eyes grow in shock of her mortality, as she feel her life getting suck out of her, but she is spared before she reaches death. 

Blood drips down her neck, over to her chest; she is weakened.

Faintly, she asks, "Who are you?"

His fingernails cross his neck, and replies, "I am the man you want to be with. Drink from me, and I promise to let you live a better life than what you had. I promise to love you better than anyone in your life."

"You promise?"

The handsome man nods, and extends his neck closer to her to drink.

The attractive woman is becoming faded, but she is able to gather a little bit of strength to drink from the handsome man, along with his assistance. Once she gets a taste of his blood, she is given a sense that she is aware of what she's about to become. But at least, she will be forever appreciated by a man like him. 

"Promise me that you will love me better?" She asked.

"Always." He whispered.

The attractive woman suddenly falls into a coma state and collapse into his arms. The chauffer returns, and tosses the cigarette away and asks...

"Have you found the right one?"

"I believe I have. I've searched all over for her, and now I have her in my arms."

The chauffer points out a remote starter in his hand, to start the car.

"Excellent Sir, where to?"

"Home."

The chauffer helps the handsome man carry the woman in the limousine. Once she's in the car, they all enter the limo and drive away from the alley.

THE END.