 She was a bookmark, a name on a card holding my place in a collection of short stories I was reading. I was on a plane, so intently involved with the story I had kept reading as we landed and then taxied up to the gate. In the rush to grab my carry on, stash the book, find my jacket and exit the plane I had just grabbed a business card and slipped it into the book.

Later, when I looked for her number, I couldn't find it and though I knew her first name, I knew nothing else about her. Well I did know that she gritted her teeth loudly when I ate her pussy and she'd moan delightfully when she came, but I didn't know where she was from, what she did or her last name. I didn't figure I'd need to know that, hell it was printed on the business card she gave me.

I continued reading my book but never thought to look at the card I used to hold my place, I mean hell, it was just a book mark. So there I was, really needing to call her, but there was no way to reach her. She simply slipped through my fingers.

It had all started on a bridge, where I happened to be walking one evening after visiting a bookstore near my hotel and then couldn't get a cab. It wasn't a long walk, in fact you could see the store from my hotel, so I just walked back. The bridge was an ancient arched stone bridge that stood far above the icy river waters. When I saw her, she was leaning far out over the railing as if about to dive over the edge. I rushed over, caught her arm and firmly pulled her back. Of course she wouldn't admit she was about to jump, she kept saying that she was simply, "Casting off some bad memories."

Glancing down into the dark, swirling water below, I wondered how long anyone could survive in the frigid river. I looked up from the water and said, "You look cold, I'm staying at the Belmont over there, why don't you come with me and we can get something warm to drink."

Surprisingly she nodded and we headed for the hotel. As we walked in silence I could see how young she was, maybe nineteen or twenty. She had long and straight blond hair that ran down her back. Though she was thin, when I grabbed her arm I could tell she was very strong for her size.

Once inside the hotel, we headed to the bar where she ordered a coffee and I asked for some hot tea. As she drank her coffee she opened up some, explaining she was a student at the university. Thinking perhaps she might have been distraught over her grades I said, "Yeah, I always had problems with my grades throughout college. Out of high school, I just wasn't really prepared for the classes and study."

"Oh, the classes are fine, even the honors courses are pretty easy for me. I've been on the dean's list on all but my first semester," she replied. "I just had a few relationship problems, but I took care of all that."

"At the bridge?"

"Like I said, I was casting off some bad memories."

"You sure that's what you were doing?"

She stared at her coffee for a long time and then finally nodded, "Yes, casting off bad memories and getting ready to make some new ones."

"Well, that's a good attitude," I said, wondering what she was doing.

She reached her hand out, placing it over mine and said, "So what do you say, do we start to make some new memories?"

"Isn't this kind of sudden?"

"Not really, like I said, I was at the bridge to cast off my bad memories. I'd been carrying them for some time, I finally decided to move on. So over the bridge they went."

"What kind of new memories did you have in mind?"

"Don't you find me attractive?" she asked, acting slightly confused.

"Of course, you are very attractive, beautiful in fact, it's just that... well I want to be sure what you had in mind."

"Let me make it simple. Let's finish our warm drinks and go up to your hotel room. I presume you are staying here."

"Yes, yes of course," I said, grabbing my tea and finishing it off.

After taking care of the bill, I led her to the elevators. Once on the elevator, we road up in silence, as I nervously jingled the spare change in my pockets, silently counting the floors. When we arrived at my floor, I led her to my door, inserted the key card and then opened the door, stepping back to let her enter first.

Following her in, I asked, "I don't have any drinks up here to offer you. Would you like me to call down to room service?"

She looked at me and smiled, "No, I'm fine, or will be when you calm down some."

"Sorry, this kind of thing hasn't happened very... hell, this has never happened to me before, I'm just not completely sure how to act."

"Well, you can take my coat for starters," she said handing me her coat as she began unbuttoning her blouse.

I moved away from her and gently placed her coat over a chair. Turning back I paused, just looking at her. This was the first I had actually looked at her, at least looked at her in any type of sexual sense. She was fairly slender with a sinuous curve to her hips. Her breasts had appeared small, but now that she had removed her blouse and bra I could see they were very small, basically just a slight rise off her chest to her nipples. Though her breasts were small, her nipples were very large, with dark areolas. I yearned to feel them rub across my face and then suck them into my mouth.

I continued watching her as she removed her pants and panties, looking at the thick patch of light pubic hair and the hint of pussy lips I began removing my shirt. My cock was erect and I noticed her eyes focusing on the tent it created in my pants. She smiled and reached out, clasping it in her hand.

She continued holding my cock through my pants as I unfastened my belt and slowly unzipped my pants, carefully working around her hand. Finally releasing me, she watched as I pulled off my pants and jockey shorts. We stood there in silence, just looking at each other's naked bodies.

She finally broke the silence, "I enjoy this part."

"What part?"

"The discovery, seeing each other naked for the first time, it's so... so revealing."

"Yeah, you want to touch, but you want to look too, wondering what you can do to please the other... to show off your skills, or I guess expose your inexperience."

We moved together to kiss, my cock sliding against her stomach to the side. Our lips touched lightly and then I moved my tongue into her mouth, while my hands grabbed her ass firmly, kneading the soft skin. The kissing became more passionate as I moved forward, pushing her backward onto the bed.

I began kissing down her neck, intent upon reaching her nipples. While I kissed, I moved my arm down between her legs, bending it at the elbow. Immediately she began raising her hips, grinding her pussy into the crux of my arm. Feeling the moistness from her, I could feel how she was already very turned on.

Reaching her nipples, I drew one into my mouth, sucking and licking it as I moved my arm some to increase the stimulation she felt on her clit. After sucking her nipple for a while I moved to the other one, then moved back and forth between the two, letting them roll under my lips and tongue. She continued raising her hips, grinding against my arm and moaning.

I moved my head, kissing down her belly and over her furry patch of pubic hair, moving between her thighs. The air was moist as I breathed in her fragrance and moving a finger to her cunt, it slipped into the wet opening easily. As I settled in between her legs, I was kneeling near her head and felt her hand grab my cock. When I felt her tongue slide over it, I moved my legs so I was straddling her face, my cock dangling above her. I felt my cock slip into her mouth just as I pushed my tongue inside her. She tasted earthy, with a slight salty tang. I haven't eaten many women, but she was certainly one of the best tasting women I have been with.

She was using her hand to stroke my shaft and balls, while her lips and tongue worked over the head of my cock. In turn, I sucked her clit into my mouth and toyed with it using my tongue. Once again she began raising her hips, grinding herself against me. I could sense she was getting close to coming when she moved her mouth off my cock and moaned loudly. She then did something that made my skin crawl, she gritted her teeth with a loud screech. I began trembling as she continued gritting her teeth until just as she was about to come, she moaned in such a melodiously beautiful moan that I thought she was singing.

Pushing my fingers deep into her pussy, I could feel it pulsing over me as she continued her moaning until the pulsations slowly faded. She then immediately returned her attention to my cock, sucking and licking at it wildly while she stroked my shaft and played with my balls with both her hands. In just seconds I came, shooting my hot cum into her mouth as she continued sucking. When she removed her mouth, I looked down and watched as she milked the last droplets of cum from my cock, letting the droplets dangle from the tip until they fell into her mouth.

Peeking back up at me, she smiled and then pulled on my cock, letting the last bit of cum splash onto her lips. Releasing my cock she grabbed my arm, pulling me to her. Sitting up, she kissed me letting my cum smear on my lips and tongue.

"Can you spend the night?" I asked her.

"No, I need to get back home."

"Are you sure? I want to spend more time with you."

"How long are you in town?"

"I fly out tomorrow after lunch, but I'll be back in a week. I fly in every couple of weeks on business."

"Well, perhaps we can get together then. I'll give you a business card," she said, getting up and walking over to her purse. I stared at her beautiful ass as she bent over and wrote on the card. "That's my home number, if you'll call me."

"Of course I'll call you."

"You promise? Because if you're just saying that to be polite, please don't. I mean if this is just sex and a one night thing, I am fine, just don't tell me you going to call and then don't. You understand."

"I truly enjoyed this evening. I want to spend more time with you, I want to get to know you better and I want to make love to you."

"Okay, I'll put this card by your wallet," she said, grabbing her panties.

I climbed out of bed and got dressed too. She called a cab and we rode the elevator down to the lobby. When the cab arrived I walked her out and then kissed her goodbye. Before the cab drove off she said, "You sure you going to call me? If you aren't, just tell me now... no strings."

"I'll call you." 

She smiled and said, "Okay, I'll wait to hear from you." The cab then left.

Well, I fucked up. I carefully put her card in my computer bag and flew back home. It was on the return flight that I misplaced it, absent mindedly using it as a bookmark. Once I checked into the hotel I picked up the phone, grabbed my bag and... and... and I couldn't find her number. I was sure it was in my bag so it took everything out of it and checked every pocket, shuffled through papers, looked all over. I then moved over to my suitcase, doing the same thing, even checking the pockets in every piece of clothing I had.

Finally after about thirty minutes I gave up, wondering where that card could have gone. Of course the entire time I was searching, the car was tucked neatly in one of the books I was reading. Unfortunately, I was reading another book and had gotten caught up in the story, so while I had the book with her card in it, I wasn't reading from it, I just carried it along.

Hoping that I might run into her on the street, I walked by the bridge every night, spending an hour or so just waiting on the bridge, but she never appeared. When I finished up for the week I flew back home, intent upon extending my search there. I didn't find it there so when I few back two weeks later, I again went out into the frigid night, just waiting at the bridge in the hopes of running into her.

That went on through the Christmas holidays until I returned in early January. I had finished one of my books, but sadly, instead of returning to the book with her card, I read a couple of others, until that first night of my trip in January. When I arrived, I unpacked and then tossed my books on the nightstand. One of the books fell on the floor and the bookmark was jarred loose. When I picked up the book I saw the card.

I sat down on the bed now remembering putting the card in the book and telling myself to be sure to remember where the card was. Elated, I grabbed the phone and dialed the number, but she didn't answer. I left an extended message on her voice mail, apologizing profusely, explaining what happened and asking if we could get together. Hanging around for a while, I took the card and wrote the number down in about five different places in my computer bag, and suitcase. I wasn't losing that number again.

About five I headed down to the restaurant and grabbed a quick sandwich and then rushed back to the room. Stepping inside I noticed the message light flashing. Damn she had called when I was out. Immediately picking up the phone, I dialed to retrieve my message and sure enough, she had called.

She sounded fine, but said she had an errand to run. Confirming she wanted to see me, she told me to meet her at the bridge at nine pm, which was about the same time as when I first met her. I grabbed my jacket and headed out for the bridge, feeling the first flakes of snow brush against my face. I arrived at the bridge early and waited patiently, watching for her to come from the eastern bank of the river.

"So you lost my number," she said from behind me startling me.

I turned and said, "Yes, I am so sorry. I slid your card into a book I was reading and then forgot where I put it. When I came back on the next trip I looked all over for it, but just couldn't find it. Hoping you'd come by the bridge, I came out here every night I was here."

She smiled, but I could see a tear running down her cheek. "I am a bookmark it seems."

Smiling sheepishly and shrugging my shoulders, "Yes, I am so sorry." I moved closer to her and took her in my arms. I could feel her trembling and wondered if it was the cold or her trying not to cry. Moving my head back, I kissed her, but her reaction was reserved and then when I pulled away she turned her head.

"You feel cold, do you want to go inside?"

"No, I want to look at the river," she said, walking over to the rail. She rested her arms on the frigid steel and leaned out, looking down at the icy floes rolling down in the heavy current.

I moved over next to her, resting my arms on the rail too. The water was mesmerizing, the way it tossed the huge chunks of ice about. "It's really..." I stopped as I felt a sharp pain in my back, like someone elbowed me. I turned quickly and realized she had done it. Hell, I deserved it, but damn it fucking knocked the breath out of me.

Trying to catch my breath, I went to move toward her when she screamed and slammed both her hands into my chest, knocking me back against the rail. I tried to catch hold of something when she slammed against me again and I felt myself suddenly tumbling downward. I looked up at the bridge as I seemed to fall in slow motion and watched her watching me. It was the same pose, the same face that I saw when I first met her at the bridge.

Icy cold knives stabbed me from every inch of my body as I plunged into the swirling water. Sinking down, down, down, I moved my arms and kicked my legs, finally stopping the descent and slowly, ever so slowly rising upward. When I finally broke through the surface of the water and took a breath, she was just a tiny image on a distant bridge.

A thought surged through my mind, something she told me when we first met. My arms and legs already ached as I realized she had done it again, she had cast off another bad memory. I wanted to turn and swim to shore, but my arms didn't work so good. Able to turn I looked at the nearby bank and forgot why I wanted to swim when I could just close my eyes and sink, sink, sink into her memory, into that frigid place she stores the bad ones.