 The door was set in an alcove about halfway down a grubby little back alley. Paul Cohen supposed these places needed to be discreet. Even so, he was glad it was early in the afternoon and a bright sun—a rare sight for much of this overcast and rainy summer—was high up in the sky. He wouldn't have relished the prospect of walking down here after the sun went down.

The door was answered by a statuesque blonde and Cohen resisted the strong urge to let his jaw fall open like a trapdoor. He couldn't resist staring at her bosom. It was hard to miss. She was over six foot; he barely made five-and-a-half. That put her chest right in his eyeline and it was certainly eye-catching.

As big as your head, Cohen thought.

Her boobs were wrapped in extremely tight black latex. The material was glossy and stretched taut by her considerable chest. There was nothing covering her midriff and below the waist she was wearing nothing more than glossy black panties and fishnet stockings.

Cohen guessed that meant he had the right place then.

"I'm Paul, Paul Cohen," he said. "I think we spoke on the phone."

"So we did," the girl who advertised as Mistress Erica said.

Cohen was surprised at how good-looking she was. Her body was obviously amazing, but a lot of girls of her stature tended to look a little too masculine. Too rough. Her body was so amazing that, by rights, her face shouldn't match. Why else would she be here? But no, Cohen was wrong on that. She had the heart-shaped face and delicate features of a real beauty. Her size was the only thing not feminine about her. Everything else was front-cover glamour model. Maybe it was her size that held her back. She was tall enough to be a catwalk model but was far too curvaceous. They preferred beanpoles. Their loss.

"Come in," Mistress Erica said. Her glossy red lips turned up at the corners in a sultry smile.

Cohen got to admire more of her figure as he crossed the threshold and followed her down a bland corridor. Her outfit hid hardly anything and Cohen's heart rate quickened as he looked at the enticing swell of her ass. She looked like the over-glamorised street hooker of film fantasy, but she was right here—in the flesh—before him.

"Um, I've never done this before," Cohen confessed as Erica led him deeper into her parlour.

Mistress Erica looked back at him and smiled. "That's no problem at all."

"I have problems with anxiety," Cohen continued. "I get stressed out really easily. Too easily. A friend suggested a session with you might help."

"They did," Erica said.

"Yes," Cohen said. "They said I had problems delegating and trusting others. They thought it would be good for me to cede control to someone else in a controlled situation."

"Mmm," Erica said.

She led him through a door and into what he assumed was her dungeon. It looked more Fitness First than medieval. There were benches, stocks and other unorthodox-looking equipment, but they looked modern and had plenty of padding. There was even a wide, low bed covered in shiny black material over by the far wall. Cohen looked around and saw an impressive array of tools on the walls and in stands, ranging from the expected whips and canes to more esoteric instruments Cohen wasn't sure he wanted to know the use of.

"Um, I'm not really into the pain side of this," he said.

"No?" Erica said. She sounded disappointed.

"I don't want to go that far," he said. "I don't mind putting you in control for a session but I don't want to get hurt or be forced to do anything really disgusting."

"Hmm." Erica put a finger to her full lips and pondered. Cohen noticed she had a false nail that was jet-black in colour and tapered to a long point like a talon.

They were interrupted by the door at the far end of the room opening and another girl walking in. Like Erica she was statuesque and amply stocked in the bosom department. As with Erica, her eye-catching bosom stretched her shiny rubber top almost to bursting. As with Erica, Cohen wondered what someone with such an attractive face and sexy body was doing working in a place like this. He wondered if they were related. They looked similar apart from the newcomer being a brunette rather than a blonde like Erica.

"Oh Eunice," Erica said. "I wonder if you can help Mr Cohen here. He's come in for a session, but he's new to all this and a little apprehensive."

Cohen nodded. "I don't want to be hurt," he said.

"We could start him on a little light bondage," Eunice suggested. "Maybe some tie and tease."

That didn't sound so bad, Cohen thought.

"Oh," Eunice's eyes lit up. "Why don't we try out that new vac-bed?"

"Oh yes." Erica ran a tongue over her bee-stung lips. "What a good idea."

"Vac-bed?" Cohen queried.

"Go and get Esther to fetch it down," Erica said. "Then we can see what Mr Cohen thinks."

Eunice went away and returned with another statuesque, voluptuous beauty. Cohen's eyes boggled. He was starting to wonder if he'd stepped through the door and somehow been teleported to Silicone Valley on the other side of the world. Where else would he see so many busty beauties other than on the set of an expensive porn film?

The new girl, Esther, was pale-skinned almost to the point of alabaster. She had blue eyes, long silky platinum-blonde hair and a shy smile. She and Eunice were carrying some kind of long metal frame with glossy black latex stretched between it. Eunice also carried a squat little vacuum cleaner in her other hand. Intrigued, he watched as they laid the framework out on the floor and attached the black rubber hose that ran out from the bottom corner to the squat little vacuum cleaner.

"Strip off and in you get," Erica said to Cohen.

"Uh?" He stared at her blankly.

Eunice lifted up a black sheet. Cohen saw that the item they'd brought down looked like a sleeping bag made out of black latex and stretched across a metal frame.

"You want me to get in there?" he asked. "Is it safe?"

He didn't want to get suffocated by accident.

"We're using the open face for your first time," Eunice said. She put her arm through a circular opening in the top sheet.

"Oh, okay."

The three women watched Cohen undress with amused smiles. Cohen knew he might not be the tallest man in the world, but he hadn't done too badly when they'd been handing out dicks. The women noticed too. Erica moistened her lips and Eunice nodded approvingly as he dropped his underpants to his ankles and kicked them away. He got down and lay between the sheets. The rubber felt soft and stretchy against his skin. Eunice pulled the top sheet over him, lining up the hole with his face. She fastened the sides.

"What's this supposed to achieve," Cohen asked.

The weirdness gave him pleasant little goose bumps, but he failed to see what was special about getting inside a rubber bag.

"It's about ceding control," Erica said. "Once all the air is sucked out you won't be able to move. You'll be completely helpless and under our control."

"Ah, that's what the woman said I should do, the one who recommended I visit here. She said my anxiety stemmed from trust issues and that was causing me to pile too much work on myself. She said I needed to learn to delegate. It's tough. You can't rely on employees nowadays. It's the kids. They spend all their time on their iPads and smartphones. I have to do their work to make sure it gets done. And then I get stressed out."

Erica crouched down next to him and pushed the opening down. The rubber stretched around the sides of his face and formed a tight seal. She brought her face closer, almost as though she was shaping up to plant those full sensual lips on his in a kiss, then pulled away at the last moment.

Tease, Cohen thought.

"The normal top sheet is closed off and only has a little breathing hose for the mouth. Some people get a thrill from being blind and helpless, knowing their air could be cut off at any moment."

"But not so good with someone that suffers with anxiety," Cohen said.

"We did take that into account," Erica said.

"So I get the training wheels," he said. It felt like he was staring out through a rubber porthole.

"This model is quite popular with our other clients," Erica said.

"Gives us much better access for when they want us to smother them with our asses," Eunice said. She turned and pinched the cheek of quite possibly the finest bottom Cohen had ever seen in the flesh.

"Is there a model with another hole, lower down?" Cohen motioned with his eyes to his crotch.

"That one costs extra," Erica said.

That meant it was possible then, Cohen thought. He might enquire just how much when arranging his next session.

Eunice flicked the switch on the vacuum cleaner and the motor started up with a whine. All over his body Cohen felt the supple surface of the latex sheets brush against and wrap around his skin. He shifted into a more comfortable position as the air was drawn out of the bag and the warm sheets moulded tightly to the contours of his body. The rubber was so tight it formed a second skin pressing all across his body. It felt a little unusual—but not really the kind of thing that would have him jizzing in his pants like it probably did for some fetishists.

With Cohen firmly constrained, Erica turned a valve on the bottom of the bed and Eunice disconnected the hose from the vacuum cleaner.

"How does that feel?" Erica asked.

"Like I've been shrink-wrapped," Cohen said, which was more or less the truth.

He wriggled experimentally. The rubber gave a little, but not much.

"A quite effective form of restraint, would you agree?" Erica said.

He wriggled harder. The soft latex had formed a second skin encasing him.

"I'm not going anywhere anytime soon," he said.

"That would be the point. Anxious?"

"A little," Cohen said. "But I'm guessing that's also the point—to enable me to get over it."

Erica and Eunice gripped each side of the vac-bed and tilted it up to vertical. Immobilized, Cohen watched them through the face hole as they lifted him up off the floor and attached the frame to hooks hanging down from the ceiling.

"I feel like Han Solo encased in carbonite," Cohen said.

The other girls said nothing.

"Not Star Wars fans then," Cohen said.

Apparently not. The girls didn't say anything as they stepped back to admire their work.

"What now?" Cohen asked.

"We've tied you up . . ." Erica started.

". . . now we tease you," Eunice finished.

Erica and Eunice embraced and came together in a sloppy and extremely passionate kiss right in front of him.

Oh wow, Cohen thought.

It wasn't a quick peck either. Their hands roamed over each other's bodies as their lips locked and their tongues tangled.

"Don't leave me out," Esther said.

She sat on the glossy black bed at the back of the room and kicked off her white stiletto heels.

"Of course not," Eunice said after breaking her amorous embrace with Erica.

"Don't go anywhere," Erica turned and said to Cohen with a smile that indicated she knew perfectly well he couldn't.

Cohen attempted a shrug. It was about all the movement he could manage at the moment.

Grinning from ear to ear, he watched as Erica and Eunice walked over and joined Esther on the bed. Were they really going to put on a show for him? It looked that way as Erica and Eunice sat either side of Esther. Esther turned to Erica and their full lips came together in a kiss. On the other side Eunice left a line of kisses down Esther's neck. Her hand pawed at and squeezed at the considerable bulge of Esther's breast. The girls started to moan and sigh as they got more into it.

Esther switched her attentions to Eunice and their lips met in another frenzied bout of kissing. The hands of the girls slid over and fondled each other's bodies. Cohen, suspended in the vac-bed, watched with mounting fascination. He'd never seen anything like this before, not in the flesh.

They peeled off the shiny rubber layers of their clothing, like presents unwrapped on Christmas Day long after the children had gone to bed for the night. Esther's vinyl bra was first to go. Cohen's smile grew broader as the pale mounds of Esther's chest became visible. They were an impressive pair—big and firm. Each round mound was topped with a pointed nipple surrounded by a pale pink disc.

That was some pair, Cohen thought. Erica and Eunice seemed inclined to agree. Their heads bobbed down and Esther tipped her head back and sighed as Erica and Eunice flicked her nipples with moist tongues.

Cohen watched them wishing he could join in. He supposed that was the point of the tease. Cohen squirmed as his swelling erection slid up against his belly. He would have liked to wrap his hand around it, but the vac-bed allowed no movement.

The three girls were really into each other. Things were getting well and truly XXX-rated on the bed. Erica and Eunice briefly stood up to remove their shiny panties and fishnet stockings. Esther didn't need to do the same as Erica and Eunice removed her clothes for her.

Now that all three were fully naked, Cohen was staggered by the perfection of their bodies. Top porn stars didn't look this good. What were they doing here, in some shitty little back-alley BDSM dungeon? He wondered how much Erica had meant when she'd said "that costs extra," because he'd definitely pay if he could afford it.

Erica and Eunice returned to the swollen goodness of Esther's boobs. The sucked on her nipples with sensual lips while their hands rubbed against the mound of her pussy. Esther gave out a series of short little gasps as nimble fingers crept between the folds of her labia.

Cohen was hard enough for the enveloping rubber sheet to feel uncomfortably tight around his straining erection. If only he could reach his cock. That was the point though, to keep him frustrated and let the sexual tension build and build. It was effective. Having his body constrained like this would normally set off his anxiety. Thanks to the girls' little 'show' he was too distracted.

Eunice went down on her knees between Esther's legs. She buried her face in Esther's crotch and worked her tongue against the other woman's pussy. Erica stood up on the bed with her legs apart and posed for Cohen as Esther tilted her head up and lapped at her sex.

"Like the show?" Erica asked Cohen.

"Loving it," Cohen called back. "You know, I thought she was mad when she suggested this. When I went into her shop looking for something to calm me down and relax me I thought she'd recommend some herbal bath, or maybe a massage. Instead she suggests I visit a dominatrix dungeon instead. Crazy."

Erica sat behind Esther. Her hands massaged the creamy curves of Esther's breasts while the other girl twisted her head to the side to kiss her. Eunice continued her merciless attack on Esther's pussy with her tongue. Both Erica and Eunice focused their attentions on the girl between them without thought to their own pleasure. Red flushes blemished Esther's otherwise pristine skin and her thighs trembled as her resistance crumbled beneath their ministrations.

"And brilliant," Cohen continued. "Who'd have thought it? Here I am, shrink-wrapped like a turkey and I don't feel any anxiety at all. Annette Brite is a genius."

Erica gave him a sly glance. "She has her uses," she said.

Esther threw her head back and moaned. Her body flexed and she pushed her hips against Eunice's face as the other girl continued to perform cunnilingus on her.

"I'm ready," Esther said, her voice breathy. "Bring the pipe."

Eunice stood up and walked over to the hanging vac-bed. She gave Cohen a teasing smile as she picked up the other end of the trailing air hose that led to the vac-bed. Curious, Cohen watched as she pulled an object out of a box and screwed it onto the end of the pipe. It looked like a mask, like maybe something a dentist might have given a patient to breathe from back in the old days. Or possibly an athletic cup. It had the same shape and was made out of black rubber.

On the bed Esther continued to frig herself towards orgasm. Her moans and sighs grew louder and louder. Behind her Erica continued to massage and play with the soft flesh of her boobs while kissing her on the back of her neck and shoulders. Eunice held the plastic funnel thing a little way from Esther's vagina, keeping out of the way while Esther masturbated. Cheeks flushed red, Esther nodded to Eunice and the other girl passed her the end of the pipe. Esther pressed the black rubber object tight to her crotch, making the resemblance between it and an athletic cup even more pronounced.

What was going on here? Cohen thought. It hadn't escaped his attention that the black rubber cup was attached to the end of the same pipe that led back to the bag he was currently sealed inside. Was she going to squirt into it, or maybe even pee? He'd told them he didn't want anything gross done to him.

Although he did feel a little thrill of excitement at the thought.

"Make it nice and thick and creamy," Eunice said, running a hand down Esther's pale arm.

"Mmm. It'll be really thick and creamy," Esther said. She writhed and pressed her hips up against the rubber cup between her legs.

Erica and Eunice walked towards Cohen with mischief in their eyes.

"What's going on?" Cohen asked.

Erica put a finger to her moist, bee-stung lips.

They were playing with him, that's all. More teasing.

Cohen wasn't sure. There was a prickly feeling on the back of his neck. Some atavistic sense was warning him of danger in the same way animals knew to find shelter before a storm hits.

No, no. It was more teasing. They were just playing with him.

Esther gave a loud orgasmic groan and flexed her spine as she pushed her hips out with the rubber cup still pressed to her crotch. Cohen heard an odd, thick, slithery sound—like thick mud moving through a pipe. Esther sighed and moaned and her body trembled. More liquid sounds vibrated down the pipe. It sounded like way more than a little squirt of love juice, more even than a good hard piss.

And far far thicker.

Cohen should have been excited—sexually excited—at the sight of a hot girl obviously orgasming right in front of him, but that prickly sensation on the back of his neck was growing harder and harder to ignore.

Erica kissed him on the cheek with soft lips.

Hot lips.

And hot in the boiling-kettle sense, not in the XXX-strip-show-hot sense. Almost hot enough to scald him. What was going on? No girl's lips should feel as hot as that.

Erica and Eunice gripped the sides of the vac-bed and lifted it up off the hooks suspended from the ceiling. They laid him flat on the floor.

"Hey hey," Cohen said. He tried to move his limbs, but his body was still vacuum-packed in place.

"Mmm, I'd like to sit on his face and smother him with my ass," Eunice said.

"And miss his sighs as Estrumpthia's cream fills his bag . . ." Erica said.

Over on the bed Esther gave another loud orgasmic cry. Erica crouched down, turned a valve at the bottom of the bag and the corner swelled up as something rushed in. Cohen's eyes widened as he felt a warm, moist and weirdly fluffy substance envelop his foot. What was that? It felt like the froth and bubbles from a bubble bath, but thicker—squishy like warm mud. His toes squelched through it and his skin lit up with a pleasant tingling sensation. Those tingles tickled up the nerves of his leg and nested in his balls. He liked it so much he started wiggling his toes to repeat the sensation.

There was more. The substance flowed down the pipe into the bag in a slow, thick wave. Surely this all couldn't be coming out of Esther's pussy. It wasn't possible. The corner of the bag continued to swell and the foam rolled up past his foot and engulfed his ankle.

Cohen blinked. More tingling pleasure pirouetted up his leg like crackly static electricity. He wanted more, wanted to be enveloped in it completely, wanted to bathe fully in whatever it was. But the hairs kept prickling on the back of his neck. The storm was coming and the force would tear him to pieces.
