 The creature, for lack of a better word, woke to an incessant, trilling buzz. Opening its eyes, it surveyed its surroundings for the cause of the annoyance, but couldn't find it. It lifted itself upright, before looking at the surface it had rested upon. White folds across a warm, soft padding confused the creature. Another layer of material lay in a heap towards its right. 

"Bed." 

The voice seemed to echo from deep within its mind, crying out from the dark muddle of its consciousness. Of course. This was the bed. In the room! The bedroom! Its bedroom! Marvelous, how that word was formed. It felt elated at its achievement, but then remembered the voice. It had helped it, but if it came from its own mind, shouldn't it still be its own success? 

No. The answer came suddenly to the creature. It was "Host". 

It was simply a matter of fact. There was no doubt in the creature, and it was accepted as truth instantly. It felt correct. Host was there. "It" was there, too. But "It" was in charge now. It crouched, peering over the side of the bed. Down below, a smooth carpet covered the floor. 

"Carpet. I know carpet!" It thought, "That came so quickly that time. Strange." 

It positioned its legs, and slid off the bed. Not expecting the sudden weight, the creature's knees collapsed under it, and It fell to the ground. A lance of pain shot from Its rear, but quickly subsided. As the creature peered down towards where the pain had come from, it surveyed Its anatomy. Two legs, two arms, strange growths, about five, on each arm and leg. They could all be moved. 

"Toes." 

It looked around more. Two strange lumps obstructed Its view of some of Its lower body. "Aha!" It thought, "Those are breasts! I'm a female, then." Peering below the breasts, It spotted an opening between its legs. A vagina. 

Something caught its interest. Leaking out of the vagina was fluid. A LOT of fluid. Sticking Its hands beneath its dripping mound, It pulled away after only a few seconds to find Its hand completely soaked. Tasting the fluid, it was neither sweet, salty, nor bitter. The fluid wasn't water either, as it had an almost thick, smoky feeling to it. Licking Its hand clean, the creature stood slowly, carful to not topple again. Heading shakily towards the exit to the bedroom, it saw a clear trail of the... fluid behind it. 

The buzzing began again as It entered the next room. It searched for the cause, and quickly found it. Hanging on the baby blue wall was a rounded rectangular object. The creature pulled the device from the wall sharply, hoping to break it to end the sound. While the sound stopped, a voice came through the other side. 

"Hello? ... sick...work ... home... feel better... alright...again!" 

Most of the words flew over Its head, but a few were recognized. It placed the device back on the wall. The voice stopped. 

"Phone." 

"Annoying thing. Glad it stopped." The creature searched the room. 

"Kitchen. Table. Fridge. Banana. Dishes. Mess. Phone. Remote. Suitcase. Picture. Family..." 

The creature quickly silenced the overwhelming stream of information from Host. It quickly reviewed each item, laying on the table, trying to open the fridge, tasting the banana, rubbing a dish, trying to open the suitcase, but nothing seemed to yield anything interesting until It came to the picture. Four creatures, similar in design to itself, stood side by side, smiling towards whoever looked at them. Four grown humans. Adults, but two were younger than the others. The first was easily distinguishable as a male, due to the obvious lack of the swell of breasts. The other three were clearly females, and very much alike in appearance. Slightly darker skin than the male, black hair, deep, brown eyes, large breasts and thin legs. However, the one on the farthest had much shorter hair than the all but the male. 

This was a family, presumably, the hosts. "I am likely controlling the older female. The Queen of the 'Family,' and eldest of the females. Possibly subservient to the male." 

Suddenly, a noise began to sound from somewhere deep in the home. A rushing of water, like a heavy rain, began back through a larger room and around a corner. 

"Shower. Adya." 

Only one of the words had any bearing on the creature. The first brought a picture to Its mind. A room, with a metallic object shooting water in a strong streams from its small holes. It looked like a strange penis, urinating pure water onto the floor. But, suddenly, a person walked into the shower. They were naked, and began cleaning themselves with the shower-water. 

Naked was vulnerable. As the wolf smells its prey, the creature dropped to its hands and knees, slinking towards the "shower room." A base instinct was taking over the creature, so powerful that it drove all other thought and desire out. As It came to the door, it simply pushed it aside; it had been left foolishly ajar. A blast of warm air and steam exited the door and into the home. The creature slipped through the doorway and closed it softly. It could hear the cascade of water, but couldn't see the shower or its occupant. The bathroom was shaped like an L, with a two sink counter and mirror running the length of the bathroom. Presumably, the shower was in the small indent in the wall the end of the bathroom. 

The creature stood, close to the wall, as to not alert its prey of its presence. It looked at the mirror. Though somewhat cloudy, It could make out a reflection. It was indeed the older female. Still at the tail end of her youth, Host had soft, heavy breasts, which remained perky despite years of feeding two baby daughters. Her hair ran all the way down to her waist, framing a face of mature, intelligent beauty. Her eyes especially stood out, sitting atop high cheekbones, as both alluring and dangerous. Her lips were full, yet delicate. A mix between mature beauty and youthful sexiness, Host was obviously an example of what an attractive female of her race should look like. 

Tearing its eyes away from Host's reflection, It stared around the corner and at the shower. Sure enough, one of the younger females stood under the stream of water, facing away and slightly to the side. She was the elder of the two, if her hair length was any indicator, and had all her mother's beauty, but lacked the sexual maturity that came with age. She definitely was attractive, with smaller, but perkier breasts, and a cute bubble butt. What stood out as the most, however, was how different Host's daughter's breasts and nipples were compared to her own. Stiff, and surrounded by smaller areole, they seemed fresh, vibrant, and untouched. 

The creature's body began to react automatically. Upon spotting the bathing beauty, Its folds parted slightly, as an incredible amount of pheromones began filling the room. The creature's slit continued to leak both pheromones and fluid, creating an ever-growing pool of juice on the now slippery floor. 

Within only twenty seconds, the girl began reacting to the powerful pheromones. The girl leaned against the far wall of the shower stall, screwing her eyes closed. The water began to rush onto the floor and down the drain. The girls hand slowly twisted a nipple, massaging the breast and arousing herself further. She continued the self-tease until her second hand reached for the other breast. The creature could sense her heart rate increase, and her pace of breath quicken. A hand dropped to her snatch, not quite inserting, but exposing and rubbing the vulva. Slowly, she slid down the wall and out of sight. The creature held still, unconsciously masturbating as it closed its eyes and pictured the girl using Its other senses. The girl was moaning now, occasionally giving out a sharper gasp. "Self-penetration." 

It crept forward, not revealing herself yet. A spurt of fluid shot out from its legs, covering the floor and caking its legs in cum. It rubbed itself harder, suppressing a moan of its own. It played with itself even faster, inserting a finger up to the second knuckle. Its tunnel was absolutely slick with fluid, making a wet shlick shlick shlick sound. It could feel it running by, lubricating Its hand. It tried a second finger, then a third. More and more pleasure came with each finger, until It had stuffed Its entire hand into its own cunt. It rocked silently with each thrust, feeling Its tunnel clench around its soaked hand. Unadulterated lust was filling the small bathroom, and it finally burst. With Its juice spraying the floor behind it, the creature risked a glimpse of the girl. 

The pheromones had done their job. The girl had obviously tried to use the shower head as a masturbation aid, but it was laid aside, forgotten, the girl had bottles of various cleansers and soaps around her, and a single shampoo bottle stuffed inside her ravaged twat. It was massive container, easily over three inches thick, and the girl was shakily trying to insert it. It was clear that she was imbibed on the pheromones, and wasn't coherent of her surroundings. Only one thing mattered now to her, and the very air she was breathing was both giving her that desire, and making sure only one thing could release it. The creature. 

Slowly, it rose to its feet, and pulled the shower door open. The faucet sprayed blazing hot water onto its legs and thighs, but it ignored it, stepping into the shower and towards the oversexed girl. She crouched languidly, feeling her own fluid mix into the water and running down the drain. She stared at the girl, who was looking at her, yet didn't seem to see her. 

"Adya," It murmured hungrily. The girl still didn't focus on her, frantically grinding her hips on the shower floor trying to achieve a climax. It closed its eyes, and leaned into the girl, wrapping her arms around her and drawing her in. Their breasts met, and the girl dropped the bottle, which slickly slid out of her hole. Trembling, the girl's arms trailed ran up Its sides, before crossing over at the neck. Her legs wrapped around Its body, bringing their hips together. Finally, the girl was completely pressed against her mother's body, sitting on her lap as she once did when she was little. 

"Mom?" she mewled unsteadily. 

It drew her into a heady kiss, Its lips pressing gently against Adya's. The girl inhaled, taking in a massive dose of pheromones. Her hands stroked Its hair, running through them and enjoying the silky feel of the hair running between her fingers. She rolled her lips over her mother's, their tongues meeting and swirling, pushing at each other. Finally, It drew away, leaving the girl gasping for air. 

"Oh God, Mom, help me..." Adya was starting to writhe in Its arms, desperate for release. Its hand slid down her back, cupping the girl's ass and traced the skin between both of her holes. The girl threw her head back, biting her lip and holding her head back as she sat on the edge of a climax. 

It denied her what she wanted, drawing her into another kiss, rougher, and more passionate. Adya winced as It nipped her lip, who purred as she used her hands to trace her cheeks and run up and down her spine. The girl shivered and quaked in her embrace, before turning her head and giving It a love bite, returning the sexual pain to what she thought was her mother. Adya leaned back, and lowered her head to her It's breasts. She began suckling on the creature's bud, surprised to draw milk from them. She quietly fed on the breast for a minute, before It finally inserted its hand into the girls opening. Two fingers expertly massaged the girl's tight love tunnel, making a "come hither gesture" to keep the girl at a sexual precipice. Adya drew away from the tit, a bead of milk running down her chin as she pressed her shoulder into It's shoulder, gasping as her cunt was fingered increasingly harder. Suddenly, Adya cried out. "Oh, fuck, Mom!" Her back arched and her legs spasmed as an orgasm hit her like a train, shattering her mind. 

It knew, then, that she was ready. It was time to feed. The body knew what to do, even if It did not. It laid the girl on the floor, where she lay in shock, her mouth still wide open. The chemicals she'd been ingesting throughout intercourse had her locked in an orgasm, her mind being ravaged by endless waves of pleasure. It crouched over her, and a long, dark, rope-like cord slid out of It's gaping mound. It slid across the girl's chest and quickly pierced her navel. Her stomach convulsed, stretching upwards and collapsing as the chord expanded to accommodate fluids entering into the girl, and her insides being sucked out. The girl gave a growing moan that fluttered out as she was drugged by the creature. Her hands were fingering her crotch and ass again, jolting uncontrollably in and out her body. It angled itself, and drew her feet toward It until they pressed against Its vulva. Then, in one swift motion, it pulled Adya's legs into its cleft. It gritted its teeth before howling in pleasure along with its prey. Muscles in Its body began to draw the girl into it, inch by inch, until her knees went were drawn past its shaved bush and into its uterus. 

The girl watched as she was slowly drawn into her mother's body. She smiled, one hand reaching up and massaging her breast until it squirted a small jet of milk onto the shower floor. She pulled out her other hand, sucking down the fluid from her pussy and licking her hand clean, before reinserting the hand once more. It drew her in further and further, until Adya's hips sere pressed tight against Its own. The muscles stopped their movement, and It drew the girl up to face her. 

"What am I doing? She's my pre-daughter, I just want to consu-love her!" 

Host pushed forward, holding a small grasp of her consciousness. Dian Hurst, mother of Adya Hurst, smiled at her daughter. 

Adya grinned back at her, one hand trapped between her thighs and her mother's, still massaging both of their slits. 

"I love you, my little star. I... you know I'd never try to hurt you? Right?" Dian choked. 

"Adya, still dazed and drugged from the pheromones and sex, nuzzled her captor's neck. She stretched forward, placing a delicate kiss on Dian's lips. 

"I love you, Mom. Thank you for this." A tear ran down her cheek as she stared into her mother's eyes. "I love you so.. so.. so much," she stuttered, her eyes fluttering as she was wracked by another orgasm. She stared at her mother's eyes, searching them deeply. 

"Now, please, please finish what you started, it feels so fucking good," she begged, leaning back and moaning huskily. 

Dian kissed her daughter's cheek, and reached a hand down to massage her clit. The girl shuddered, cumming to her mother's ministrations. It quickly took over again, locking Host once again. It continued fingering the girl lightly, giving a groan as the girls hips were gradually drawn into Its body, which had now bloated far beyond normal size. The girl's right hand was trapped inside Its body, and she giggled and closed her eyes as she slid past her navel and up to her breasts. It massaged one nipple as Adya twisted the other. Slowly, Its opening swelled open to accommodate the girl's breasts, and her shoulders slid past as well. 

It stood up, Adya's head and hair sticking out of her body. The fluid It had been producing before was running down the girls neck and into her mouth. She swallowed it greedily, before turning upwards to lick Its clit. It shuddered, and Adya was finally drawn into her body as she hummed pleasantly. 

The shower was almost silent. The shower head was still spraying at the wall, and the muffled sounds of Adya cumming inside Its womb could be heard dimly. She would stay there for almost five weeks. It knew this instinctively, as well as the fact that she would be slowly broken down into a reproductive fluid, different from the kind she retrieved from semen, that It could use to reproduce. It also knew, that it would need to similarly absorb males in this fashion. It stood, exiting the bathroom, Adya's hair still trailing between her feet, slowly rising towards Its body. Fluid ran down the hair, coating the floor. It thought for a second. It had likely consumed the male in the portrait earlier, hence the fluid running out of its body earlier. How had it "digested" him so fast? 

"You ate him through your mouth. Swallowed him. You were sucking his cock, and then you just started pushing fluid IN. Made him flexible, or numbed the pain as you folded him in half, and swallowed him whole, cock first. He was smiling the whole way down." 

It blinked, then smiled. 

"Thank you. Are you on my side now?" 

"Of course. That felt wonderful. My other daughter is on camp. She's with some friends, we could 'eat' them too." 

"Sounds like a plan. But first, let's experiment a little more." 

It bent over its stomach, now a massive, human sized balloon. Lying against the floor, it began lapping up the lost fluid it had been leaking earlier. 

"Wouldn't want to waste a perfectly good husband."