 Jessica opened the door gingerly and looked into the dim interior. There was the sound of a small tinny bell as she stepped into the small store and she looked on a cornucopia of leather-work and other bric a brac.

"Can I help you?" a soft voice asked startling the young woman. 

Turning her body she found a man next to her, his slight, slim body was smaller than Jessicas and seemed older though his eyes seemed even in the dimness to sparkle with a mischievousness that his whole body expressed. His woolly grey hair seemed to clump near his brow and he had a goatee beard and thin moustache that he stroked into points. When he walked he seemed to move oddly as though he was walking on tiptoes like a ballet dancer, even so he moved with a sensual grace that seemed to strike the woman. 

"Can I help you?" he asked again as he touched her elbow and lightly licked his lips.

Jessica started and blurted out she was just looking. Smiling he retreated to the wooden counter hidden amongst his stock allowing Jessica to browse and rummage to her hearts content. Everything seemed to expensive and well made. She marvelled at French-polished furniture and exquisite dresses and clothes. However what attracted her most was a corner given over to rich leather-work, she was amazed to find rich red leather corsets and boots of all sizes and builds. Yet it was a pair of highly polished black boots that would reach up to her thighs that seemed to attract her eyes most. 

They had narrow heels that were almost five inches high creating a high arch, the toes were pointed and the leather seemed to gleam with a black light that seemed to make the silver buckles shine even more. The buckles seemed to burn with a pale green fire and they shone in the boots. Jessica almost at once thought of them by the common phrase fuck me boots. They would show off her shapely legs perfectly and she reached out to touch them and gasped at how soft and smooth they felt.

Jessica herself was a very attractive woman, she was about twenty five and she had lustrous blonde hair that she had tied back. Her eyes were a bright blue that were above a cute button nose and sensual lips. Her body was slim though her breasts were firm and thrust against her white shirt. Her body flared out a little as it reached her hips and pert ass that led to her shapely lightly muscled legs. She wore a calf length black skirt which made her look what she was a fashionable young woman who worked in an office. She felt a strange excitement as she touched and stroked the leather.

"They are lovely aren't they, proper Cordovan leather and hand made. Why don't you try them on?" the old man whispered to her as he took the boots from her touch.

"What? Yes I would love to try them though they are probably too expensive for me," Jessica said.

"You never know, oh no you never know," the man muttered as he led the woman to chair near them and sat on a stool as Jessica took off her shoes. 

Slowly the old man twisted the buckle and the leather split along the side allowing the woman to allow the man to slip the shoe over her stockinged feet. If he took his time over tightening the buckle and leather over her calf Jessica did not mind. The touch of the leather was mesmerising. Her body felt so alive, so excited and his eyes seemed to have a wicked gleam as he smoothed the leather of both the boots and tightened it so that it was almost a second skin on her legs. Sighing he stood and invited her to look at herself in the mirror near them.

Jessica stood carefully at first as she wondered if she would be able to walk on those high heels. Yet when she moved it was with an almost erotic grace. Again she thought fuck me boots as she felt the way her body seemed to slink and promenade. She drew a startled breath as she looked into the mirror and thought that she looked incredible. She seemed to be taller and her legs slimmer and sexier. In fact she felt sexier. God she felt horny and she wanted these boots. Twisting in a pirouette she gathered her skirt in her hands and she watched the boots that encased her legs almost to her thighs. With each turn she pulled more of her skirt into her hands and exposed more and more of her legs, thighs and stockings. 

It was with surprise that she suddenly realised that she had exposed her stocking tops and ass cheeks to the shop keeper behind her. She was only wearing a pale thong that seemed to stretch over her excited cunt. Gasping for breath she dropped her skirt.

"So do you like them," the man asked as she sat on the chair and twisted the buckle easily and drew the boots off her feet. Something in her whispered that she should keep them on and continue to look at them in the mirror and she kept them in her hands as she looked at the man who seemed almost threatening in some indefinable way. She did know that she would pay whatever was asked to have the boots.

"Yes but they must be so expensive...." Jessica squeaked much to her embarrassment.

Oh they are only twenty dollars," the man said nonchalantly.

Jessica could barely believe her ears and quickly bought the boots and hurried from the shop clutching the bag which held them. All the time through the remainder of the day she thought about the boots and planned on wearing them tonight since it was Friday. It was with an almost physical pleasure that she left work and rushed home to shower and change. It promised to be warm tonight and she decided that she would do without stockings allowing her tanned skin to be seen. Taking out satin burgundy underwear she fitted the bra to her chest. Then as she looked at the boots she decided that she wouldn't wear the thong but be naked beneath the soft black leather skirt she was to wear. 

It felt so strange to feel the cool leather caressing the skin of her naked belly and hips. Quickly she dressed in her white shirt and she slipped a black jacket over the top. Then she slipped the boots over her feet and tightened the leather over her calves until she felt it tight to her naked skin. Standing she looked at herself in the mirror and was stunned at the woman looking back at her, it seemed as though someone else was gazing at her completely.

The Jessica that looked back at her seemed to be wild and incredibly sexy. As she looked at the reflection in the mirror she became increasingly frustrated as she looked at the skirt, it didn't seem right. Though coming to the mid-thigh she suddenly felt that it was not short enough and began to fold the waistband of the skirt until she was satisfied that it was short enough and that her legs were shown to her satisfaction. Now it was barely two inches below her cunt and barely covering her naked ass. 

A glance to the mirror confirmed to her that she looked intensely hot and sexy and with that thought she left the flat. Each step seemed to excite her, she could feel men looking at her with lust in their eyes. Feeling adventurous sometimes when she passed in front of one of the men who wanted her in her her new fuck me boots she would hike up her skirt to flash her pantyless ass cheeks, each time she did this she felt an intense thrill pass through her body. Unlike her usual bar she decided on a whim to enter a pub that had a reputation at being rougher than usual.

As she entered she felt eyes bore into her body as she walked to the bar, as she passed them she felt an increasing excitement coursing through her body. Usually she was so prim and proper. There would have been no way that she would have come near this place and if she had she would have fled these rough men at the first chance she had. Yet the feel of their eyes excited her intensely, she felt her cunt growing wet and she desperately desired cock in her body.

Seeing a group of men at the pool table she took her drink to them and took up a pool stick.

"I've never tried this anyone want to teach me," Jessica purred to the men.

Smiling with a grin looking more at home on a feral animal a man stepped forward and said," I think I might be able to teach you a thing or two luv."

As he spoke he took the cue in his hands and pressed her body against the table so that she bent over the cushioned edge. Silence seemed to fill the air as the others watched the two of them. Jessica felt his greasy hands over her much smaller ones and his belly pressed hard against her back and ass. Her cheeks were half exposed the way her body was over the table and she rubbed them against the growing bulge in his jeans.

When he felt Jessica rub her naked ass across his cock the man growled in her ear," I've got another stick which needs a hole to have it stick in luv."

Jessica could barely believe her reply even though she said it,"Fuck you, stick that cock in my cunt and I want all your mates too."

He stopped in shock and then called to his friends as soon as he realised she was serious about being gang banged. His hands pulled up her skirt and he began to stroke his short finger across her ass and pulled upon the wet lips of her cunt. He was fumbling and her cunt felt pain as he pushed three fingers into it opening her up for his cock. Before he pushed his cock into her cunt Jessica's hair was pulled until she was in front of a cock that pushed between her lips and into her mouth. 

Unlike other times where the man would only thrust his cock to her cheek this man pushed his warm, hard meat down to her throat. At first she wanted to gag but she suppressed her desire smelling the intense mixture of smoke, stale beer and man scent as he thrust into her mouth. He was so fast and aggressive that she could not use her tongue to help his pleasure. Then she felt cock violently invade her cunt and pump in and out of the stretched wet hole quickly and brutally. Orgasm ripped through her body as she realised that she was being taken like the slut she felt she wanted to be.

Cum spilled into her mouth and instantly Jessica swallowed the bitter liquor. The cock now spent was replaced by another slimmer yet longer that pumped between her lips as it sought relief. There was a sharp grunt behind her as the man who had been pumping his cock into her cunt spilt his cum inside her and pulled out of her in a casually violent movement. All too quickly she felt another body pressed against hers and the rapid fumbling at her cunt as a cock was pushed into it. 

Her cum dripped from her as the man thrust into her hot cunt, as he took his pleasure from her another man fucked her mouth with sure fast strokes. Cum again flooded both her cunt and mouth after a short time. and she waited for others to replace the departing men. Jessica's body burnt with an unholy lust that overwhelmed her usual inhibitions and morals. She lusted for cock, she wanted her holes filled and used until she passed out. 

Pain flared in her ass as she felt a man's cock push at the muscular ring that closed the hole. Though tight and never been used before Jessica felt lust spread through her body and she passionately desired cock in her virgin asshole. Through the pain of the pushing cock Jessica willed her hole to open. She felt the seal loosen and then as it loosened she felt the cock push past the ring and then sink deeply into her nether passage. The pain slipped away from her body to be replaced by the warm pleasure that spread through her.

"Fuck she seems to really like it," she heard a hard masculine voice remark as he pumped his cock into her ass.

After that all Jessica felt was the orgasms ripping through her body as man after man pumped his cock into her willing body until sated and tired they released Jessica in the morning. Jessica staggered home clutching the remnants of her clothing to her body. Thoughts flashed across her mind. In the back of them she was sickened at the way she had acted but mostly she felt a deep happiness and satisfaction as she thought how truly fucked she felt. Yet with every moment the shame and guilt spread through her body and she wept as she threw away her ripped cum covered clothes onto the floor. Desperately she started the shower and stepped into the hot water and tried to scrub the scent of her sex from her body.

Suddenly she looked down and realised that she was still in her boots, her fuck me boots as she thought of them. Reaching for the silver buckles they refused to budge and she strained trying to open the buckle so that she could take them off. Frightened she stepped from the alcove and hurriedly dried herself. When she touched the boots with the towel they seemed to be dry and if it was even more possible they seemed more lustrous from before and the buckles seemed to shine with an almost light that pulsed. 

Jessica tried to open the buckles futilely with her fingers and then tried scissors only to have the blades shatter against the leather. The leather itself seemed to have fused to her skin and there was no gap between her skin and the leather. Scared she threw clothes on her body and fled her apartment and almost ran to the shop she had bought the boots from. Desperately she searched for the owner as the tinny bell seemed to echo in the dim shop.

"Can I help you?" the man asked slowly.

Twirling about Jessica found the man next to her.

"You must help me, the boots wont come off," Jessica screeched.

"The boots, oh your the lady who bought the boots. Good workmanship those," the man said with relish," What is this problem about getting them off?"

Jessica sobbed quietly as the man took her back to the chair that was next to the mirror she had used only yesterday. Looking again in it her eyes were again drawn to the boots and she found her thoughts filled with them. How the arch made her feet look so dainty and sexy, how the leather was a second skin about her muscular calves. She stood and looked at the reflection again and she felt her body begin to burn with desire. The boots looked so good she thought and she felt warmth spreading through her cunt. Again her hands lifted her skirt allowing her eyes to admire the tanned legs that were exposed by her actions.

"Glad to see you better my Dear," Jessica heard the old man say as he walked towards her, his steps sounding so strange.

"The boots look so good on you my Dear they would really be set off by this why don't you take off those silly clothes," the man said as he held up a crimson corset the silver buckles on it burning green as the light struck them. 

Jessica startled drew a quick breath as she heard the clip clopping of his steps as he stepped towards her. As she watched his body being exposed as he walked around the furniture that blocked her view her fumbling fingers undid her skirt and allowed it to slide to the floor exposing her excited cunt and lower body. Though half naked she did not care about that as he stood before her. Like before he wore a crushed black jacket over a tartan waistcoat and a red bow tie but he too was naked on his lower body though thick black hair that covered his legs like hairy trousers but it was his cock that made her lick her lips and open her legs more as she waited for him to thrust it into her.

It was huge, at least twelve inches and four inches in width. Her lust burnt fiercely as she looked at what was being offered and she felt her knees weaken. It was as she sank to her knees that she saw his feet or what was there instead of his feet. For he stood on two cloven hooves that shone black in the dim light.

"That's much better my Dear," he said as he stepped to her and she started to take off her shirt as the tip of his cock touched the lips of her mouth.