 If it hadn't been for my grandfather who wanted to go fishing early morning the other week, I wouldn't have spotted her on the shore. 

Naked with bronzed skin and long legs and hair down to her waist. She had reminded me of the song "Piel Canela" where Bobby Capo crooned about his lover... "Ojos negros...piel canela que me llevan a desesperar..." "Black eyes...cinnamon skin that's taking me to the point of desperation." 

My grandfather didn't seem to notice her. He was like a lot of the other Puerto Rican men in his beachside hometown. A quiet retirement and a routine. He didn't notice much. It made hiding the bulge in my crotch that much easier. I hadn't had a girlfriend in hears, hadn't seen a naked woman (that wasn't on a computer screen at least) in a while. It was still embarrassing.

Soon after my grandfather rowed us to show and said that he was going to go grab a cup of coffee at the local store. I told him I'd walk around on the beach for a bit. He nodded and went on his way. When he was halfway up the sand, I sprinted towards where I had seen her. My legs were shakey and I wanted to see her. It was like being thirsty, a wanting I couldn't explain. It had started on the little boat and ricocheted around my head the closer I got to the cove where I had seen her. 

I turned behind some rocks and there she was. Knee deep in water wearing an old looking chemise kind of blouse, and a white skirt. She turned to me and grinned. The wanting made me walk closer to her on stiff legs. 

"Hi." 

She wrung out her long dark hair. 

"Hello." 

Her eyes were deep and black, like the song. 

"What are you doing out here this early?" 

She smiled and raised her left eyebrow. Her teeth glistened in the sun, and I noticed her dark nipples through the thin blouse. 

"I was just swimming...I saw you on your boat." 

I blushed. She didn't seem mad. 

We walked a little further onto the sand and sat down. I tried not to seem so flustered. 

I tried to stutter out my name, and she giggled into her hand. 

"You don't have to say anything," she laughed. 

My ears warmed up, and I turned to look at her. She leaned in and pressed her lips against mine. The wanting spread to the rest of me with each heartbeat. It felt like the first time I had been allowed to have rum at my uncle's bar years ago as a teen. I had wanted to run, or dance, or yell. 

This time the want made me pull her in by the waist, crushing her to me, as my other hand tried to clumsily explore her muscular thighs. 

I was on my back as she straddled me, a knee on each side of my hips. She leaned in and kissed up my neck. I arched my back, the wanting made me need her pressed up against me. 

"Sleep," she whispered. 

***

My head felt like it was stuffed with cotton; airy, lightheaded, but strange. I felt rocks digging into my shoulder blades and something cold around my ankle. 

She sat in front of me. I looked past her and saw the iron cuff that lead to a chain and a rusted metal ball. I opened my mouth to yelled, and she silenced me with her mouth, caressing her lips against mine and then deepening the kiss with her cool tongue. She tasted like the saltwater and like something sweet and bitter at the same time. 

The wanting feeling was making my head pound. I was afraid of her, but I wanted to see her naked again. I wanted to run away, and I wanted her to fuck me here on the rocky ground. 

Her fingers slowly trailed over my face, as if she was trying to memorize me. I didn't move. She then began to take off the thin blouse. She stood and undid a tie and her skirt fell to the floor. She had small but firm and round breasts, generous hips that gave way to her legs. There was a small scar on her left knee and a birthmark next to her bellybutton. 

And below it, she had a clef ornamented with thin dark hair, and glistening lips that were a combination of tan and pink. 

She straddled me again and fidgeted with the cords that held up my swim shorts. I bit my lip and moaned when her small hands gripped the base of my dick and rubbed the head against her. 

I wanted her. I wanted to run away from her. 

She leaned on the tips of her toes, lifted up slightly, positioned herself over me, and sank onto my length. My hands automatically went up and gripped her waist, pushing her down even further. Her skin felt like her lips, soothing, and cool. But her depths were warm, warm like the ocean on an afternoon. Warm like Puerto Rico's eternal summer. It almost scalded me, but I pushed up against her and felt her gasp as one arm went around her, and the other snaked its way to play with her nipple. 

It was only a few thrusts before I felt the need to cum rise inside of me. I tried to slow down. She groaned in frustration and bit my lip as she swirled her hips and ground her clit against me. 

I tried to pull away as my cum shot out, but her pussy enveloped my dick even tighter. She trembled and panted against my neck as her own orgasm overtook her. 

We sat there for a few seconds as I grew soft inside of her. The wanting was starting to die down and my legs hurt from sitting against the rocky ground and my leg hurt from being tied down by the ball and chain. 

"Can you let me go so we can do this again, but somewhere more comfortable?" I asked her. 

"No." 

I pushed her away from me. I saw the cum dripping from between her legs and onto the ground. 

"Let me go. Now." 

She smiled. It stretched from one side of her face to the other and formed a dimple on the left side of her lips. 

"You'll stay here with me from now on." 

A scream rose up in my throat. 

"Silence." 

It died down as quickly as it had started. My eyes watered and she walked away out of the cave putting on her blouse as she went. 

***

On the second day, she group me a small plate of rice and a mango. I scarfed it down along with a glass of water and begged for her to let me go. 

She responded by taking off her skirt and getting on all fours. The wanting rose in me again and I dropped on my knees behind her and shoved myself inside her pussy. 

She was so wet. 

I pounded against her and reached around to grab her breasts and pull her hair. I wanted it to hurt her. She just begged for me to pull hard, to fuck her harder. My knees began to bleed by the time I came. This time I pulled out and saw my cum decorate her full ass. 

She laughed and I begged for her to let me go. 

***

By the fourth day I realized that I had never seen her eat or sleep or drink anything. 

"What are you?" I asked. 

I wanted to know. I didn't want to know. 

"Sirena," she giggled. 

I sobbed. According to all of the folklore my grandfather had taught me, sirenas... or sirens never let their captives go. The stories always said that their bodies were found weeks later, tortured with gruesome faces.

"They are the taker of souls," he had told me one morning in his boat when I was in middle school. 

I panicked and tried to pick up the metal ball that kept me in the cave. My shoulder muscles screamed when I tried to deadlift it off the ground and run with it. 

I heard her laugh behind me.

"You like it here, stay with me," she whispered. 

"I want to leave," I sobbed.

I had already prayed over 100 times that my grandfather would stumble across the cave and find me. In my dreams, he'd bring others with him who would help me carry the ball and chain so that it could be removed. I always woke up crying whenever I felt it around my ankle. 

"You want to stay with me," she said, even softer. 

"I want to stay with you." 

The words came out of my mouth. I bit down on my tongue to punish it's betrayal. 

"Don't bite your tongue," she giggled. 

The siren laid down on the ground and lifted up her skirt and slowly stroked over her clit. 

"Use it here," she told me. 

I got down between her legs, ignoring how shards on the ground dug into my palms. My lips brushed over her sensitive bud a few times, and then my tongue circled it. She laughed and moaned. 

I stuck my fingers inside her, mimicking the tempo I used with my dick. She shuddered and I flicked my tongue even faster. 

She eventually came, washing my lips, tongue, and chin with the salty and sweet taste I sometimes felt when she kissed me. 

I pushed myself away from her. She sat up and crawled towards me, I crawled backwards, desperate to get away. My back hit a wall in the cave. 

She was on her knees in front of me, rubbing her hands over the bulge in my shorts, making me harder. The siren took my dick out of my shorts and wrapped her lips around the tip. 

I tried to clamp my mouth shut as she twirled her tongue around the tip. I wanted her to stop. I wanted her to shove it deeper into her mouth until my dick reached her throat. She didn't gag, only allowed me to go even further. 

Her throat milked my dick, and I came pouring myself into her as I whimpered and jogged my hips, trying to keep the sensation from stopping. 

"Do you want to leave now?" 

I nodded my head, but the words that left my mouth was "no." 

*** 

By the 6th day, anytime I tried to yell at her or ask for my freedom, my jaw clamped down on itself. I wouldn't be able to speak for over an hour and I'd be forced to hear the siren tell me how much she loved me as she sat on a rock by the cave entrance and braided her hair. She told me that she had wanted me when she saw me in the boat looking at her naked. 

My jaw loosened for a few seconds. 

"Please, just shut the fuck up," I yelled at her. 

She looked at me stunned, and then began to laugh. It wasn't her usual giggle. Her shoulders shook and some of her dark hair fell across her face. 

"Do you love me?" she asked. 

I cringed and shook my head, but my mouth said yes. 

She grinned from ear to ear again and walked towards me. I couldn't move as she sat on my lap. 

"Good, because you're going to be here with me for a while," she giggled.

"Please..." 

We kissed. 

"You won't leave me, right?" 

I shook my head as tears rolling down my cheeks. I tried to beg her through my cracked lips. 

"Good," she said. 

Her black eyes peered into mine. 

"We're going to have so much fun." 

***

Thank you so much for reading everyone! This is my first story on Literotica and I'd love to get some constructive criticism on this piece. 

Enjoy! 

-FF Merchant 