 I was dreaming...

I was standing in the corner of my room, deep in the shadows, watching myself sleep. My corner self was breathing very heavy. I wanted the me in the bed to wake up. This was weird, I knew it was weird, but the me in bed was sleeping soundly. I wanted to scream but I could not. I wanted to run from the corner and jump back into the me in bed, but I couldn’t move. 

I was starting to panic, my heart was beating hard and fast. I couldn’t believe that the me in bed wasn’t tossing and turning from this...this, to me, nightmare. Then a thought came to me that sent chills through my whole body, I must be dead. 

Then I saw her enter the room, and go to the bed. She pulled back the covers and ran her hand softly over, well, my face. I mean that was me in that bed wasn’t it? Bree, wake up, I am losing my mind in this dream, I can’t take it anymore. I don’t know this woman, I have never seen her before. 

She ran her hands down to my breast, rubbing my nipples as I stood and watched from my corner prison. Her hands continued softly down my body until she was at my pussy. She kissed then sucked on each of my nipples as her hand rubbed my pussy. Her mouth found my pussy as she ran her tongue across the slit. She was licking and sucking on my pussy lips. She took my clit into her mouth and started to suck it, bite it. Still no movement from the me in bed. Of course not this was a dream after all.

She stood up and rolled me onto my stomach. She moved my hair off the back of my neck, and bent down and kissed it. She started to suck my neck, then she bit it, and I mean she bit it hard, sucking while she was biting. I could see blood trickling down my neck.

The corner me wanted to laugh, I felt like I had been thrown into some vampire movie. Well, at least now I knew that I was truly dreaming and I wasn’t dead and stuck in some purgatory afterlife. 

Beep, beep, beep, I reached over and turned off my alarm. Damn, I felt like shit. I know I slept through the night but I felt as if I hadn’t slept at all. I was starting to get worried, this had been going on for about a month now. I had already been to my Doctor and everything was fine. Maybe I should stop taking the sleeping pills she gave me. Hell if I knew what to do anymore. 

While I was showering I felt something on the back of my neck. It felt like two scratches or something. I usually keep my nails cut short but I had been lazy and hadn’t cut them in a while. I knew from the past that I always scratch myself in my sleep so I blew it off. 

I called Tracy from work and told her I would meet her at the bar we always go to at 8:00. Damn, this was going to be a very long day. There was no way she would let me blow her off again. Tired or not there was no way she would let me out of it. 

I made it there by 8:20. Tracy was already there and sitting at our favorite table. From this table we could see the whole bar. Tracy was very attractive, and a very good lover, but she was also my best friend. We ended up in bed on a drunken night, both lonely, both needing sexual release. It never went farther than that, we both accepted it for what it was, and we never did it again. 

I stopped at the bar, got a beer and made my way to “our” table. Tracy raised and we hugged. She looked good. She had on a black cotton tank top, and black jeans. I was wearing a black leather mini skirt, a matching black leather cut off vest, with 4’ black heels. We both knew we looked good and we winked at each other as we checked each other out. I laughed.

“You know Tracy, people are going to think we are together.”

“Well, then sit way over there cause I need to find me a woman.”

“Judging by that bulge I felt in your pants when I hugged you, you obviously think that is going to happen tonight.”

She laughed and my pussy twitched thinking back to when she fucked me with that strap-on.

“So Bree, tell me, how are you feeling these day?”

“Not too well. I sleep all night but yet I feel like I haven’t slept. I don’t remember dreams anymore, nothing.”

That’s when I saw her. She was standing at the bar looking directly at me. My nipples got hard and I felt a tingling in my pussy. I couldn’t take my eyes away from hers. I think Tracy was talking to me but I couldn’t hear a word she was saying, all I saw was her. I felt lightheaded and I shook it off. When I looked up she had turned away from me. Tracy was looking at me in a concerned way.

“You okay? What’s wrong?”

“I’m fine. I just got a little dizzy is all.”

I couldn’t stop looking at her. She had long black hair pulled back into a braid. She had the bluest eyes I had ever seen. She was dressed much like my friend Tracy, all in black, but more elegant. Her tank top looked to be made of silk, as did her pants. Her body looked like it had been chiseled from some Amazon Goddess. Her muscles rippled with every movement and I found myself getting wetter with each passing moment. Tracy had followed my eyes.

“Now I see why you got so dizzy.”

“Yes, she does seem to have an effect on me, mmmmm.”

She laughed and grabbed my hand pulling me up.

“Then let’s go dance so you can strut that fine shit of yours.”

While we were dancing she walked to the dance floor, right to us. She bent down and whispered something in Tracy’s ear. Tracy smiled, winked at me and left us alone together. 

Her presence was overwhelming and I couldn’t bring myself to look at her. She cupped my chin in her hand and brought my face up, my eyes right to hers. They were beautiful, piercing, and without even realizing it, a low moan escaped my lips. She grinned as if she had heard it, although I couldn’t see how with the loud music.

I had the vague feeling that I had met her before. How could that be? Surely I would have remembered a presence as strong and as sexual as hers.

She placed her hands on my hips and pulled me near. The effect this single touch had on me was something I had never felt before. Once again a low moan escaped my lips, once again came her sexy grin. She leaned into me and placed her lips on my ear.

“My name is Fawn, and I think Bree is a very sexy name. As a matter of fact, I find everything about you very sexy.” 

She broke away from me and started dancing. She danced as good as she looked. Her hips moving to the music. I thought about her taking me with a strap-on, thrusting into me like she was dancing. I was lost in my wanting of her. The fact that she knew my name without me telling her it never crossed my mind.

All of a sudden I was dreaming again...

There I was in my corner prison, there again was the me in my bed. There she was at my bed again. Only this time it was different, this time I recognized her. It was Fawn from the bar. What the hell was going on? It was the same woman from the night before, only I hadn’t met her until tonight. Now I know why I had the feeling at the bar of knowing her. I didn’t understand how the corner me could remember everything but the me in bed remembered nothing about these dreams. 

She was beautiful, sexy, smart, and she had a darkness about her that I was very attracted to. She never left my side after our initial meeting. She was very attentive, wanting to know everything there was to know about me. She was a perfect gentlewoman with me. Never attempting to throw herself at me sexually. Once in a while she would run her hand over mine and this had sent chills through my body. I was amazed at how such an innocent touch could make me feel those things. She had walked me to my car and kissed me softly. I had that same sensation that I had when she was standing at the bar looking at me. 

Now here she was in my dream again. She sat down on the bed and slowly pulled the covers off of me. She ran her hand softly over my cheeks, her fingers over my lips. Her hand moved down my neck, down to my breast. She took my nipple in her fingers, pinching it, twisting and pulling on it. She took the other one in her mouth and matched the actions of her fingers. Just as last night the me in bed never moved. The me in the corner was not like last night. I was getting tuned on by watching her do those things to me. 

She ran her hand down to my pussy and slowly pushed a finger inside me. She took it out and licked my juices off her finger. She put her finger on my clit and rubbed it slowly at first. Up and down she went taking my juices and smearing them on my clit. 

The corner me could feel everything she was doing. This was different then last night, last night I didn’t feel anything. 

She increased the pressure on my clit, rubbing it harder faster, moving in circular motions. The me in the corner came, I came hard. The me in the bed slightly stirred. 

She stopped and looked at me in the corner. How could that be? I wasn’t really in the corner, I was in bed. Oh wait this is a dream anything can happen. Although in a very strange way it didn’t feel like a dream anymore.

She rolled me on my stomach and just as she had done the night before she bent down and bit my neck. Only this time the me in the corner felt it. It hurt but yet there was a tingling sensation also. I could feel her sucking the blood out of me. Not like it was being drained out of me, but more a feeling of release. 

The phone woke me. It was Tracy wanting to know if I had taken Fawn home.

“No, she kissed me goodnight and said she would see me soon. She didn‘t even ask me for my phone number so I don‘t know what‘s going on with her.”

“Well, I am sure she will find a way to get in touch with you. She seemed to really like you.”

“So, tell me Tracy, did you get to put that bulge in your pants to good use?”

“Bree, it hurts me that you think I would do that on a first date.”

“So that means no right?”

“You got it, no it is.”

We both laughed and talked a little more about nothing in particular. She asked me if I wanted to go back to the bar that night and look for Fawn. I told her no, if Fawn wanted me should could try to find me, it wasn’t my problem she didn’t ask for my number. With that, we said our goodbyes and hung up.

I was feeling very strange. Not sick, just a weird wanting inside of me. I was very hungry but when I ate I threw it up. I didn’t understand what the hell was going on with me. First the sleeping thing, and now this strange feeling inside. It almost felt like what I imagined junkies went through. Like I needed a fix and was having withdrawals. I was shaking and sweating, I had cold chills. I thought maybe I had the flu but it didn’t feel like that, it was different. I laid down on the couch and fell asleep. 

The phone brought me out of my sleep. I had been dreaming about Fawn. We were on a huge boat. We were using candles as lighting and our clothes looked to be from a time period that was foreign to me. I grabbed the phone, trying to shake off the cold chills that once again immediately took control my body. 

“Hello?”

“Hello Bree, how are you feeling?”

Her voice sent waves of sensations through my body. The cold chills momentarily left me, replaced by warmth. The fact that she asked me how I was feeling as opposed to how I was doing totally eluded me, even as I answered her question.

“I’m not feeling quite right.”

“I knew the feeling once.”

That answer snapped me out of my momentary trance. That was a strange statement. What did she mean by she knew the feeling once? As a matter of fact, she specifically asked me how I was feeling, I didn’t tell her of my recent problems last night. I didn’t drink enough for her to be asking me that in the pose of a do you have a hangover question. On a higher level, I am not listed so how did she get my phone number? Her voice stole my thoughts.

“I need to see you tonight Bree.”

“I need to see you too.”

“Then get up off the couch and open your door.”

I did as was told, and there she stood. Once again I was shook by her very strong, very sexual presence. Only it was stronger within me this time. I hung up the phone, and threw it on the floor. Before I even knew what I was doing I was in her arms on the porch. I was kissing her hard, biting on her lips. I moved my mouth to her neck and bit down hard. She grabbed my hair, pulling my mouth off of her, and pushed me into the house shutting the door behind her.

“I understand your desire, but before you give into it, we need to talk.”

She released me and I went to the couch and sat down. She sat next to me and took my face into her hands. She kissed me with a passion I have never felt from anyone before. Again I bit on her lip, again my mouth moved to her neck. She pushed me away before I brought my teeth down on her neck.

What is wrong with me? I was acting like an animal. Throwing myself at her, trying to bite her. She took my face into her hands and looked deeply into my eyes. Her eyes burned through me as if they were on fire and I felt a calming rush go through my body. 

“I want you Bree, I want to make love to you. In all my years there has only been one woman that I have felt this strongly about and she was taken from me.”

I couldn’t speak, I couldn’t move. Her eyes held me right where I was. The words would not come to my lips but I knew in my mind that I wanted her. I didn’t care that I had just met her. 

She leaned in and kissed me softly, nibbling on my lips, gently sucking on my tongue. Instantly I felt the flow of my juices and I moaned into her mouth. 

She picked me up and carried me to the bedroom, gently laying me on the bed. She laid on top of me between my legs and kissed me again. Harder this time, and with more passion. I ran my hands down her back to her ass. I could feel her muscles through her clothes. I grabbed her ass and pulled her into me as I thrust my hips up. 

She pulled my hair pulling my head back. She ran her lips down my jaw to my neck, she kissed it and sucked on it. She bit it and I felt a tingling sensation on the back of my neck where those two scratches were. My body started to tremble beneath her. I grabbed her head and pushed her harder into my neck. She bit harder and I screamed out in a mixture of pain and pleasure. 

She stopped and looked into my eyes. Her eyes had changed. They were so blue it almost looked like they were glowing. She got up and leaned on her knees. She pulled me into a sitting position and took off my shirt. She took her shirt off and I gasped at the sight of her body. It was beautiful, hard muscles, perfect breasts. 

She took my nipple in her mouth sucking on it as she pushed me back down on the bed. She pushed my breast together and took both of my nipples in her mouth sucking on them, flicking her tongue across them. 

She moved down my body with her mouth. Biting on my rib cage as her fingers were pinching and pulling on my nipples. Her tongue was swirling on my skin as she made her way down my sides. Alternating between both sides with mouth and hands. 

Her mouth was at the waistband of my shorts and she ran her tongue along it. Her fingers following her tongue just inside the waistband. She licked and sucked on the inside of my thigh, going to my knee and then back down again. On the way over to my other thigh she placed her mouth on my pussy. I still had my shorts on but I could feel the pressure of her lips as she kissed it. I thrust my hips up pushing my pussy into her face. She continued on to my other thigh teasing me with her tongue and teeth. Sucking, licking and biting all the way down my leg until she reached the end of the bed and was standing before me.

She slowly took off her pants, then her panties releasing her dildo from its confinement. My juices flowed more at the sight of her strap-on, knowing she was going to take me with it. Her hard body against mine as she fucked me. She reached down and slowly pulled my shorts off, her fingers running across my skin.

She leaned over me and kissed me before she made her way back to my now naked and very wet pussy. Her mouth was right at my pussy, I could feel her breath on it. She was blowing on it, teasing me. I took my nipples into my fingers and pinched them, twisting them. She ran her tongue on my pussy lips, down my slit to my wet entrance. She plunged her tongue in and out of me licking up my juices. My hips moving in rhythm with her tongue, fucking her face. 

Her lips, tongue, and teeth were all over my pussy but she was purposefully avoiding my clit, teasing me into a sexual frenzy. I needed to cum so bad. My hips were bucking wildly into her face. I was squeezing my nipples so hard they felt like they were on fire. 

“Please Fawn, I need to cum, please make me cum.”

She put her lips on my clit and kissed it. She flicked her tongue across it softly, barely touching it, teasing me still. She was driving me crazy, I couldn’t take it anymore. I grabbed her head and pushed her mouth down onto my pussy. She took my clit into her mouth and sucked on it. I could feel her teeth around it as she was sucking it. Her tongue moving up and down, back and forth while she sucked and nibbled on it all at the same time. 

Wave after wave of orgasms racked my body, my juices squirting out of me. She was relentless with her mouth, never stopping. Making me cum over and over. I lost count of how many orgasms I had and for a minute I thought I was going to pass out. As another orgasm took my body she slid two fingers in my pussy, moving them around in circles, pushing them in and out of me. My body shook uncontrollably as the juices once again squirted out of me running all the way down to my ass. 

She laid on top of me, kissing me hard. I licked my juices off of her face. She kissed me again and I wrapped my legs around her waist pulling her into me.

“Take me Fawn, I want to feel you inside me, I want you to fuck me.”

She kneeled on her knees and placed my legs on her shoulders. She placed the head of her dildo at my opening and slowly entered me. Halfway in she slowly pulled it out. She did this over and over, increasing her pace but never going more than halfway. She was teasing my pussy like she had teased my clit. Making me want it, again working me into a sexual frenzy. 

Just as I was going to beg her to fuck me she slowly pushed all the way inside of me. 

“Oh yessssssssss, give it to me, fuck me good.”

Slowly she was thrusting in and out of me. I started rubbing my clit and she sped up her pace. Thrusting in and out of me, faster, harder, and deeper. As my orgasm took my body she slammed in and out of me with such force that my body was sliding up the bed. 

My legs fell off her shoulders. She laid on top of me, her dildo still deep inside my pussy. She kissed me softly, her passion flowing through my body. She kissed me for a long time, our kisses getting more intense, harder, more passionate. I wrapped my legs around her waist and started thrusting my hips up towards hers. Slowly she matched my thrust, our hips moving in perfect sync with each other.

I ran my nails down her back, scratching her. She moaned in my mouth and bit down on my lip. That animalistic feeling I had earlier started to creep back into my soul. I started thrusting my hips faster and harder into her. I was digging my nails into her back, biting oh her shoulders, and her neck. 

“Harder, fuck me harder Fawn, I need it bad.”

She wrapped her arms under me and grabbed my shoulders. She was thrusting in and out of me hard and with a speed that I never knew was possible. As I started to cum her eyes locked on to mine, and I saw everything. The me in the corner, her visits to me and everything she had done to me. 

With my orgasm still racking my body, with our hips still thrusting together, and her orgasm taking her, she placed her neck to my mouth. As we came together, I bit her neck and drank her blood, sealing my fate with her forever. 

The End......