 I lay in the darkness, naked and trapped to the cold and dusty earth by the supernatural net of blue light, for what seemed like only half the night. My thoughts were only of escape, but also of how I had been betrayed by my girl. I couldn't fathom it, how I had not seen the situation back in Persepolis. But now it was making sense. I had unwittingly foiled an attempt by this mysterious tribe of magical women to assassinate Alexander the Great. And now here I lay, prisoner, in the dirt.

The drapes to the hut parted and someone entered into the darkness of the hut. It was difficult to strain against my bonds to see who it was, so I waited for them to reveal their identity. I could hear them shuffle closer, and heard the whisper of fabric slip from shoulders and fall to the floor.

A hand slid against the inside of my thigh, gently feeling along until fingers found my balls. They were cupped, and caressed, and I felt myself responding to the touch, despite myself. I willed myself to stay flaccid, but it was no use: when this stranger's hand softly took my dick and kneaded it like a lover would, I began to get hard. So this was it, then? The old garami had promised that the village would use me for my seed and they would birth a race of children that were half magic and half vampire.

Suddenly my hips were swept by a fall of curls, and they stroked my sensitive flesh and then my engorged cock head was all of a sudden enveloped by a warm wet sensation, and without meaning to I moaned aloud at the feeling for it was just too good not to give over to it. My mysterious night visitor swallowed my cock down deep and slow, and I wanted to cry out for how agonisingly frustrating it was to have such a wonderful sensation delivered so painfully and teasingly slow. I felt my cock spasm inside my visitor's mouth, yearning to be sucked again and again. I was obliged, and felt a hot tongue slide under my shaft as soft lips drew along the length of my cock and rested at the flange of my helmet, tenderly kissing the soft head. And then those lips, that warm mouth, was plunged down again the length of my aching cock and my eyes rolled back into my head and my moan escaped me a long and desperate way.

After a few moments, the fellatio had finished, and I was left panting and furious for more.

Then I saw in my periphery my visitor rise and step forward, descending on me to straddle her hips over mine. And in the darkness I saw her, Jyoti, looking down at me with such an expression of lust that I was tempted to want to forgive her just for the wonderful fuck that was ahead. But my mind was vexed, and I spat a curse at her for her deceit. 

She looked wounded by my words, and turned her head from me for a moment, so that the long tresses of her dark hair hid her face from me. 

"You don't understand," she said to me, so softly I almost missed it. 

"Then make me!"

Again, she seemed stung by the venom in my voice, but when she looked back at me this time, gone was the sorrow in her and in its place I saw a fury. Her eyes blazed in the darkness; indeed, I think even they looked brighter as if by some preternatural light in them.

"Why don't you just shut up, and let me free you!" She was glaring at me, her shoulders squared and teeth clenched.

I couldn't understand what she would mean. I opened my mouth to say as much, to rant at her and perhaps at her whole weird tribe, but she suddenly leaned forward and clamped a hand over my mouth. She pushed my head back to the ground and held me with a strength she had either hidden from me, or was simply now beyond my ability to overcome in this weakened state. With her other hand she reached under herself, and grasped my cock with it. I felt her steer me towards her, and the moment that she guided my cock head into her vagina was a glory.

She still held my mouth clamped, in case I should voice some protest, and her other hand she placed on my chest and locked her elbow and leaned into it, so that her whole body leant at an angle over me. Her hair hung down beside her face and reached for me, and her heavy breasts swung back and forth as she rode me in a hard rocking rhythm, slamming herself down on my cock with such vigour her ass-cheeks slapped my thighs each time. 

And the more she fucked me, the stronger I felt. In fact, I could see that there was again the same blue light emanating from her as was there during our first commingling. It came from the pores of her skin, from her breasts and her belly, and wafted from her open mouth, and this light fell slowly to the earth as if weighted, and when it met with the light that bonded me, then it seemed to vaporise those bonds. Was it that sex-magic was stronger than the bonds those women had collectively created through their fear or lust for power, or was Jyoti's light even more powerful than the tribe's united? 

Either way, I felt their strength slip and my own return. I was freed.

Jyoti was still straddling me, however, driving her pussy down on my cock, arching her hips with her thrusting to compel my cock-head to stimulate her how she yearned for it. I reached up and took her breasts in my hands, lifting their weight and rubbing my thumbs across her midnight nipples. I squeezed them hard between thumb and forefinger and she gasped, and so I continued this and watched as her thrusting became more wild and erratic, and her eyes became half-lidded. Her mouth was open, and I pulled myself into a half-sitting position to suck on her bottom lip. It was deliciously plump and soft, and her tits were now pressed against my chest and were warm. I felt her cunny restrict around my dick, and she bucked her hips and drove her ass down against my legs and began screaming in my ear as she came. 

It was too much for me. The pressure of her pussy squeezing against me, pulsing as she came in waves, caused me to cum, too. Without warning, I cried out, a sudden groan and we her arms were around me and she was squeezing the cum from me. I jerked my hips and unloaded deep in Jyoti's pussy, and when I was finally done, I fell back on one elbow utterly exhausted, and Jyoti fell with me, embracing me, and I could feel how sweat-slicked we were. She was grinning at me from the shadows that her hair made around her face, and I grinned back. 

"Okay," I said, "I get what you're trying to do now."

"Stupid!" she laughed, and playfully slapped my chest.

Then, we heard the voice of the old garami outside the hut. She was ordering the other women to ready their powers, and they were about to storm the hut and capture both Jyoti and I. But we had other plans, this time.