 Kalani couldn't remember what she imagined would happen when she decided to see Europe by rail. Something exotic with quaint villages nestled in the snow? Interesting and unique people from the foreign land who could change her own view on life? What does anyone think will happen to them when they make their vacation trips? It's just a way to escape the norm, an easy path to find yourself and to make your ordinary, sometimes painful or pathetic life seem validated. Whatever notions she had before hand, her trip eclipsed anything else she'd done in her life. She could blame it on booking the trip in a state of emotional duress. But that was really a sorry excuse. In actuality she had never been away from home before, how could her limited experiences compare to her adventures? 

Still, when you're born and raised on Maui, life is not really ordinary to begin with. Paradise. At least she thought so, and how many hundreds of tourists had to remind her every day? When one lives in paradise, where do they go to find themselves and get away? Some people would ask, 'why do you need to go anywhere else?' But, you cannot grow in stagnation, and you cannot grow without pain and change. 

Her home on the island burning down was the catalyst for all the changes. She'd grown up in that house, inherited it from her father and mother when they died. All the memories and the life she'd built, gone. That would be rebuilt, but there was nothing that could mend or rebuild the relationship with her fiancé, Meke. Not even a month after the fire she walked in on her him fucking her sister on his kitchen table. 

It changed her, not just seeing the act, but the fact that she didn't look away. It wasn't jealousy; instead another emotion, more forbidden swelled inside her and left her damp and aching. Laka, her darling little sister, far too young for Meke's advances, held down, rutted like a beast for his pleasure. 

It was hard avoid the memory even now with time and distance softening emotion. The healthy bronzed flesh sprinkled with sweat, both her sister and her fiancé's. Her blue-black hair unfurled over the spilled dishes and crushed pies and cakes set out for Kalani's birthday celebration. Laka's young body taunt and writhing while her cries rose in pitch with each plunge of Meke's cock. Darkly veined and curved like a blade, his meaty dick winked out, drenched, almost to the head and then sliced in deep and hard once more making dishes chime and clatter. Breasts, smeared with white cake frosting, bouncing furiously with each pump of hips. Meke's big hands, crusted with the sweet cream had left messy handprints on Laka's ass where he'd grasped each tight cheek and spread her wide. He bent over her, growling as one hand wrapped the ass-length dark hair around knuckles and wrist and forearm, pulling the pretty face up so he could bite along her arched neck. The china and crystal jangled with each thrust, accenting the whimper and cry from Laka as her head was twisted back by the hair. 

Stirring, Kalani groaned lightly, finding that her hand had slipped between her thighs as her thoughts wandered. Under her fingertips, she found herself wet, her juices soaked through both panties and slacks. Around her the train rattled over the rails, echoing the sound of dishes on the table of her memory. The movement of the coach reminded her that she was far from home. She'd escaped. Beyond the window the landscape was dark, gone from snowy sapphire to imageless black while her thoughts ran to her past. She imagined she could still smell the vanilla and coconut and the cum so fresh and hot. Those were memories, but the smell of her own hot pussy real as ever, and she was thankful that most of the other passengers had retired to the dinning car. 

She made her travel plans in haste, booked the flight and the rail pass, packed and left within a few hours. Leaving a message to explain she was going on vacation and not to worry about her and she would return soon. This would be her first trip away from the islands, the first holiday alone. The travel agent looked concerned, asked if she spoke Russian, but what did that matter? She had her visa in preparation for a honeymoon and since there would be no wedding now; she might as well use it for a trip to do some soul searching. Russia and China were worlds away from anything in her life. It's just what she needed. 

Perhaps having more than an airport purchased language 'how to' book and a tourist-map would have been the wiser choice, but there was no planning or thought to her escape. Getting from the Vladivostok International Airport to the Gavan hotel for her first night was quite an adventure in itself. The first bite of cold busted her little fantasy of her vacation and began to unravel everything. Nothing she'd packed would keep her warm in the ice-flecked wind that plastered her dress to her body. The cold of Vladivostok cut with a dry chill, so different than the lush tropical steam of home. And she thought she knew what a city would be like, but the swell of people and the foreboding sky with the ashen buildings hunkered over the colorless snow-swept streets, screamed how wrong her dilutions were. She hated it immediately. 

She thought the cold would never leave her when she finally made it to the Gavan hotel. The weather had soaked through the three layers of clothing she thought would protect her. She might worn only the sun-dress, the layers of cloth seemed only to soak in the wet and cold and bundle her in heavy, sodden mess. In the lobby of the hotel she'd stay in for the night, she saw everything as a blur. Polished marble, a fire blazing there to melt the snow and ice on her clothes, tourists like herself ready to tuck into their rooms. It smelled of wood smoke from the fire and oiled hard wood and something spicy like cardamom. Inwardly, behind the chattering of her teeth, she laughed at the dolphins swimming on a marble bust along one wall. No laughing creature here but seriously poised in stone. "You will do as I say." A voice, though amused and bored, cut through the buzz of foreign tongues. English. Heavily accented Russian but still English. She looked up from writing down the check-in information and squinted in that direction. 

There was a small group of tourists, two men and two women. The man speaking was clearly the eldest with his long white hair and a confident stance of someone used to taking charge. Kalani guessed him to be old enough to be her father, fifty or perhaps sixty from the lines in features, but he still had the carriage of youth. The broadness of his shoulder and chest and the twinkle in his pale blue eyes that spoke of life and adventure. He was speaking to a man who could have been his son, younger but with the same features and ice-blue eyes, save for blonde-red hair. The two women lingered by the elder of the men, looking bemused, one of them delicate and blonde, the other tall with fierce red hair. In the silence that followed the women exchanged an amused but otherwise unreadable look and the two men lapsed into a silent stare down, broken by the younger man as he jerked his head away and stormed across the lobby to throw himself into one of the seats by the fire. 

Something about them held Kalani's attention. It might have been the bristling energy connecting the two men, or maybe the way the women drew closer to the older man. The blonde-woman's bright green gaze caught Kalani's and held it for a moment. A warm tingle shot through her at that look and for a moment she felt trapped, as though drawing breath was an effort. Then that connection shattered as the white-haired man grumbled something and put a thick arm around each of the women and steered them towards the fire and the sullen man. Someone beside her giggled and Kalani snapped her mouth closed, fumbling with her paperwork.

Ah, tourists, Kalani had seen her share of them and even so far away from home, they were the same. Burned out from travel and expectations that fell short. The last thing that she wanted to be was one of 'those' tourists. She filled out her hotel information quickly, forcing her shivering hand to be still enough to write and grabbed up the keys to her room. All she wanted was a hot bath and a good meal and a full night of sleep. Though she did notice the blonde woman by the fire looking at her over one shoulder and that look warmed some of the chill from her.

Kalani rested her cheek against the cool glass window and closed her eyes. Had she done the right thing? Should she have remained to see what Meke decided? In the end, no choice would be the right one. If Meke decided to stay with her, Laka would be hurt and if he picked Laka, then she would have neither of them in her life. Though at least that way Laka would be happy and that was some consolation. So she'd taken vacation and booked this trip to Europe. No tropical heat to torment her, perhaps the cold and snow would simmer her lusts. So far from home, she would not run into sister or fiancé by mistake. She felt hollow and empty. Though she wished to avoid the realization, it was foolish to think that there could ever be a real future for the three of them. Laka hated her and Kalani was haunted by her own lusts that found no outlet as it slowly consumed her.

Without warning, thoughts of the blonde woman returned to her, brazen and heated, almost as awkward as her fantasies about her little sister. She'd never had such thoughts about women before seeing her sister and her fiancé. She thought it was just a twisted taboo fantasy, thinking of sandwiching her sister between Meke and herself. Now, however, the fantasy had altered and when she closed her eyes, she saw the blonde woman and the regal redhead pinning her down, holding her while the young man stripped her of her clothes and fucked her ruthlessly under the watchful gaze of the older man. 

At the hotel she'd bumped into that little group as they went to dinner. Rode down the elevator together with them and it was both exhilarating and awkward, so much a stranger and feeling so different. She was small, and bronzed skinned, her hair blue-black to match her eyes. Hawaiian. She felt so out of place. The women spoke together in French, their tones bright and lilting, the men silent and stoic. It felt too small, almost trapped, and she an unwelcome outsider. She wanted to melt against the wall as the older man pinned her with a look and then smiled easily at her. Bigger up close, stronger too. She could see that her estimation on his age had been wrong, he was not nearly so old. The elevator came to a stop too quickly and they left with a predatory grace, the younger man striding out first in a rush, not even bothering to spare her a look. The two women were escorted out, one huge hand on each of their lower backs. Elegant and lovely as they slipped out into the weather in their heavy fur coats, as though the cold did not touch them at all. 

She had lived her whole life around beauty. Sunsets and waterfalls and picturesque ocean beaches against tropical forests but this transcended all that. All through dinner and the following night and even now as she hunkered in her seat on the train, she felt more alone than ever in her life. The sharp scent of cedar and pine and the dry ice-cold piercing her. She wanted so badly to gather up the fur-coat in her fists and draw in close to them and bask in that primal, dangerous beauty. 

"Hello." The soft voice, lightly accented with French drew Kalani from her sulking. Blinking away fantasy, it shocked her to look into the face of the woman she'd been dallying with in her daydream, hovering at the empty chair beside her. How long had she been standing there? Curls of golden hair fell around slight shoulders and vivid green eyes gleamed with amusement as a smile quirked up the corners of her mouth, making dimples press into apple-round cheeks. She didn't have her fur-coat on now, just fitted black slacks and a crisp, buttoned-up blouse that was unfastened enough to show the swell of her breasts where a golden disk rested from a thin chain. In her hand she held a glass of red wine, swirling it casually. Her skin looked so pale against the luster of blonde hair and bright green eyes, like pearls. "I didn't mean to intrude on your thoughts." 

Kalani felt herself flush at the laughter in the woman's voice and the knowing twinkle in her wild-forest eyes. Awkwardly she withdrew her hand from between her thighs, hoping the woman would not notice or be able to detect the hint of arousal. "No, it's quite alright. Ah...." She glanced at the place beside her and motioned to the empty spot, "Care to join me?" 

The woman eased down into the spot, smiling a fraction more as she made herself comfortable. One long leg crossed over the other, showing off the leather high heels and the wink of a gold anklet around her leg. "Thank you." She saluted with her glass before taking a small sip of her wine. "I'm Lavina. My companions and I couldn't help but notice that you seem to be traveling alone. I know what it's like, vacation by yourself. I hope that you'll accept an invitation for dinner with us tonight."

Lavina watched her with keen and attentive eyes, the smile more hopeful now as she waited, sipping her wine. Once again she felt struck by the gaze, her skin tingling in response to the steady look directed at her, full of mirthful delight. Ah to be so wonderfully trapped and toss all caution aside and yet, there was an awful guilt and fear as well. Her heart pounded so wildly, like a trapped rabbit needing escape. "That is....wow..." her voice sounded strange in her ears, strained and uncertain. "I mean, thank you. For the offer. " It was so difficult not to let her own eyes trail over the lithe beauty of the woman but she forced herself to meet the other woman's gaze, horrified at her own reaction. "Sorry, I'm Kalani, I think I'm still suffering some jet-lag or the cold, or something. Didn't know it was so obvious. My being alone." She admitted, feeling utterly foolish. "I would be happy to have dinner with you and your companions," using Lavina's term, but thinking of her and the other woman being ushered from the elevator, the big white-haired man's hand pressed against the small of their back. 

"A woman with a name to match her beauty. One as lovely as yourself tends to draw the eyes and attention, so it seems out of place that a friend or lover does not accompany you. If you forgive me for being so bold, you seem so sad." The blonde, moistening her lips lightly, leaned in closer and as she drew in a slow breath. "There's no reason for you to be alone. Especially with this happy holiday." 

Kalani laughed awkwardly, trying to dispel the almost painful ache of desire that grabbed at her pussy and made a hot tingle spread down her thighs to curl her toes. She wanted so badly to lean in and meet those lips with her own, to feast from them and taste the wine on the pink, up-turned curves. But shame and guilt crashed down on her and she drew back too quickly, her laugh crackling some. "Well...ah..." she swallowed hard, dropping her gaze from the disappointment that she saw in Lavina's expression, "thank you, and I'm very flattered but I wouldn't want to intrude on your vacation." 

The thought of being with this exotic woman and her friends had a heady allure, but she feared she would leave a wet mark in the seat if she had to endure their erotic beauty through the whole meal. She thought of the elder man's cool gaze, the younger man's sullen silence and the playful taunting of the two girls and had to bite her lower lip. Even now, she felt the woman's eyes on her, making her flesh tingle. She thought only Meke or her sister could evoke a reaction from her. 

"Trust me, you would be doing us a favor." There was puzzlement in the blonde's voice, as though she didn't understand the other woman's reaction to her and the offer she'd tendered. "my husband's brother could use the company as much as you." She explained in a lowered voice, "We more or less had to strong arm him into going along on this trip. Ah but there's a longer story than that, will you come with me? I will make introductions." The plea was used like a weapon, wielded with a cunning power of seduction. 

Lavina leaned in closer and reached for Kalani's hand, taking it in cool, fine-boned fingers and slowly caressed her thumb-pad over the center of the palm. "We couldn't help but notice you didn't make it to breakfast or lunch today." She paused and flashed an apologetic smile when Kalani's head came up and she blinked at the blonde. "You must be starving." A flash of her white teeth and a glint of green behind golden lashes as she leaned in slowly. 

Starving. Kalani thought that she was, but from a completely different sort of hunger. The scent of Lavina was sharp like evergreen, fresh and clean. Closing her eyes, she saw windswept tundra, clean and pure, speeding past her, faster than the movement of the train. Her heart beat double time to the clack of the rails around her until it all became a pulsing ache in her bones. The woman's body slipped in suddenly close. Unexpected but welcome. The soft feel of her breasts against Kalani's, the steady beat of her heart in contrast to the dove-wing flutter in her own ribs struggling to be free. The warm, earthy pine scent sharpened, piercing her. 

One part of her cried out protest, the other yearned towards the steady, solid warmth of the beautiful blonde. "You are simply adorable." The woman's voice murmured into her ear, and the caress of velvet lips against her ear lobe sent a shiver rocking through her, "like a dark berry I just want to nibble all up. " Lavina drew in a slow breath, nose pressing against her temple, "you smell like flowers and waterfalls." 

How must a waterfall smell? Like the hot rush of juices that left her slick and steamy between her thighs? Whimpering, Kalani opened her eyes, banishing the shimmering brilliance in her mind's eye of sun over snowy forests and found instead the wilderness of Lavina's eyes and felt a startling jab of fear and desire in that hungry, haunted gaze. "Oh my God. I can't do this." The words came before she could censor them.

Golden lashes swept down onto her cheeks, shuttering out the brilliance of emerald and jade, disappointment and ache registering on Lavina's face only inches from hers, "Well, then I should go." 

Kalani didn't know what was worse, the fear of being consumed by that gaze, or the sudden cold that swept over her as the lovely woman released her and gracefully eased away. "I did not mean to be so forward. You just are so beautiful, I couldn't help myself." Standing now, the blonde look red-faced with embarrassment, and took an unsteady sip of her wine. 

Waves of shameful longing crashed up against Kalani, an angry and unfulfilled need. Her tongue wouldn't work and she felt dizzy and chilled by the departure of the warm body she so wanted crushed against her. "I....please, don't go." When Lavina looked back at her with such stricken humiliation it made her tremble all over and she forced herself to her feet. "I'm not...used to....I mean, we only just met. Can't we get to know one another?" She felt as weak as a kitten standing there, gripping onto the chair for support. 

For a moment they exchanged a gaze, tentative now but with an unspoken desire. The passion held in check for the moment but lurking just under the surface, ready to break free at any moment. Lavina's voice was very soft and subdued but her dangerous eyes flickered with a certain heat as she smoothed a hand down her body, fixing a stray wrinkle in her shirt. Her nipples were taunt, outlines of tight, pink pearls and she rubbed her thighs together while taking another sip of her wine. "Well, come with me." It's all she needed to say. Kalani would follow her just about anywhere after that, so long as her legs would support her. 
