 "Don't do it! Don't even think about it!

Judy opened her mouth to reply but Ben stopped her with a raised hand before she could speak.

"Take my word for it; you have absolutely no idea what you're playing with!"

"But Ben, it's only subconscious pressure on the top of the glass that moves it." Judy objected.

"No, it isn't." Ben's face showed genuine concern. "It's dangerous, it's evil, it's malignant, and if you play with it you WILL get hurt! Just believe me please, I really do know how treacherous the bloody thing can be"

"Prove that to me, and I'll leave it alone" She was still half determined to press on with her intention, but he had planted seeds of uncertainty in the back of her mind with his earnestness and she was challenging him to justify them.

"How can I prove it without putting someone at risk? Look, I won't even allow a ouija board in my house, doesn't that tell you something?

"So then tell me what has made you so adamantly against them, and, if I believe you, I promise not to try it." Judy's face still wore a defiantly sceptical look.

Ben hesitated, then.... "Ok, but what I tell you goes no further, yes?"

"Ok, if you insist!"

"I do insist! Absolutely! Now promise me?"

"I promise, but it'd better be good!"

"Good? There's nothing good about it, believe me!" Ben was irritated by her flippancy but he would have to tell her anyway!

He began. "You remember Louise, the girl who went into hospital with a mystery virus a couple of years ago, and then moved to Scotland for her health?"

"Yes.... You're not going to cite her 'cos I can't check with her, are you?" Judy was still dubious.

"She had no virus, she was in hospital with post traumatic shock, and then she went north because she was too bloody scared to stay here! No only that but three other people, and I'm one, were given sedatives and needed counselling for months, and it was a bloody ouija board that did all that! In fact I think Fiona still has counselling! Now, you can check with the other two if you really need to, but I hope you don't because we'd all rather like to forget it!"

He had caught her attention with that! She looked hard at him with obvious surprise on her face. "Fiona? Roger's wife? Now you really have to tell me, or I'll only go and ask her, won't I?" He had forgotten that Judy and Fiona were friends! 

He sighed and reluctantly went on. "One night the four of us, Roger, Fiona, Louise and I, were all leaving the 'White Lion' when Roger suggested going back to his place to end the evening with a bottle of wine. Anyway, by the time we'd emptied that bottle and a couple more, we were all pretty much drunk and it was near midnight, and so the conversation got around to 'ghoulies and ghosties and things that go bump in the night'. And I suppose with empty glasses lying around someone was bound to suggest using one to 'talk to the spirits', and this time it was Fiona who came up with the idea! But before our foggy minds could think it through, Roger butted in with 'I can do better than that', and fished a ouija board out of a cupboard. Now, none of us, except maybe Fiona, believed it was anything but rubbish, so we all sat down and, with a lot of giggling I might add, set it all out ready to start!

Ben stopped at that point, looking at Judy. "Look, it really isn't very nice, you won't like it. So do you really need me to tell you?"

"You can't stop now, can you?" Judy was intrigued with the story, true or not, especially as it involved her friend, and she wanted to hear the rest.

"Ok, well, we all put our fingers on the pointer, 'planchette' I think they call it, - but pointer will do, and started moving it around in slow circles like you're supposed to. Then Roger put on a 'voice of doom' and began asking 'is there anybody there' and the pointer promptly shot off the table and hit the wall!

'Alright, stop fucking about!' Says Roger. 'That could have hit my glass figures.'

He had a collection of little crystal figurines that he was excessively proud of, but of course everyone pleaded innocence and so with more drunken giggling we started again. Of course, had we been sober we might have realised that fingertips just resting on top of anything can't throw it across the room! Anyway, Roger starts up asking if anyone's there again, but nothing happened, not for a while at least. Roger keeps asking, but not a thing, and we all begin to get pissed off with it. Eventually he shouts out 'Look, if anybody's there, will you bloody well show yourself or we're packing this in, this is your last fucking chance!' Well, that got a response and the pointer started moving around the board, sort of any old how, at random I suppose you'd call it, circling round then darting across, but never going to any of the letters! We were all looking at each other wondering if it was for real or if someone was pushing it, and, I must admit, feeling just a bit worried!

Then Roger asks, sounding quite sober all of a sudden, 'Who's there?'

The pointer carries on going round but then begins to go direct to certain letters. I'm spelling it out as it does and we get 'n', 'o', 'n','a','m','e', I suppose meaning 'no name'!

'That doesn't exactly help' says Roger sarcastically. 'Who the fuck are you?'

At this the pointer went back into random mode, moving about all over the place, and much quicker than before, so quick that sometimes we had a job to keep finger contact with it. In fact I swear that I once saw it change direction without any of us touching it! After about five minutes or so, it settled down a bit, as if its temper had eased a bit, you know?"

Judy nodded and Ben went on. "Then the damn thing started to spell again and this time it spelled out 'I said no name, you stupid cunt'! Now, none of us had ever come across a swearing ghost, and we weren't sure if it could be for real or not, but I could see on people's faces that if it was real, then they thought it was a bit scary, - I surely did!

Roger wouldn't give up though, he asked it again who it was, and again it said 'no fucking name!' and the pointer, as it spelled that out, it moved really fast and jerky as if it was trying to emphasise the words. Next thing Roger said, 'you must have a name, you gotta be called something', and before we knew it the pointer was bouncing off the wall again.

Now, you've got to remember we we're still a bit drunk 'cos if we'd had any sense we'd have quit right there, but we picked it up and tried again. This time Roger sat quiet, like the rest of us, with his finger on the pointer wondering how to get any further with it and so it was Fiona who spoke next. She asked it, 'If you've no name, we can't ask who you are, so should we be asking 'what' you are?'  The pointer went straight to the 'yes' on the board, so Roger butted in with, 'Ok, so what the fuck are you?'

'Spirit' spelled the pointer!

'Whisky or rum?' Roger thought himself very witty sometimes!

But the answer we got was 'you would say incubus!' I don't know if you know it, but an incubus is supposed to be a male demon that copulates with women in their sleep! Apparently it was recognised in law in the middle ages and was often blamed for deformed children! I didn't know that at the time, and I don't think any of us had much idea, but Louise asked, talking to all of us, 'Isn't that a randy ghost or something, that seduces witches or turns girls into witches by seducing them or something?' I tell you what though, 'ghost' is not a word I'd use to describe it - 'demon' is nearer the mark!

Fiona took over from Roger in asking questions, mainly I think because she was less drunk, and more interested in the subject. So she asked. 'Are you a ghost?'

'No' said the board.

'What then?'

'Spirit'

'You've said that! But what kind? The sort that has sex with women?'

'Yes'

'Do you take on human form?'

'Sometimes, but have no body'

'And just how does a ghost, spirit, or whatever, that's without a body fuck a human woman, that's what I'd like to know' Roger was scoffing, but I think it was more bravado than anything. Anyway, I wish he hadn't 'cos that's when things started getting nasty!

'Shut up, Roger!' Fiona told Roger off, and then asked the board. 'But how DO you do it?'

I sort of wondered if the pointer might tell us, but it was not moving, though it seemed to twitch a couple of times as if about to start to! For what seemed like an age after that we all sat waiting to see if it would answer Fiona's question, but it seemed to have just packed in. In a way I think we all hoped it had, but just when we were about ready to give up and clear away, we got our answer. But it wasn't through the board!

Suddenly Lou shouted. 'Fucking hell, Fiona, your blouse!'

Roger and I turned our heads to look at Fiona. She was sitting rigid, white faced, and staring down at her blouse front, watching the buttons slowly and ever so deliberately undo themselves! I just sat there. I'll admit to anyone that I was too fucking scared to do anything else, but that didn't matter anyway 'cos when Roger tried to get up to help his wife, he found that he couldn't move, and nor could anyone else! It wasn't like being held back, or tied down, or anything like that, it was more like trying to move through infinitely thick treacle. It just needed more effort than we could give and so we were effectively pinned to our chairs. That's the only way I can describe it! No matter how hard we tried we just couldn't move a muscle, nothing! All we could move were our heads! It wasn't a psychological thing either, like being frozen with fright. That fucking thing had somehow paralyzed us, and you can take my word for it, there aren't many more scary things than that!

About now Fiona started crying, more from fear than anything I think, Roger started cursing, telling it to leave his wife alone. Louise sat quietly swearing, just repeating 'fucking hell' under her breath over and over, and me, I sat too fucking scared to do anything except look at Fiona's blouse unpeel from her body! Now, you know that Fiona's not very big built and she doesn't really need a bra, so she wasn't wearing one that night and her boobs were soon exposed to everyone's view. The reason I say that is because we all then saw finger marks, little dents in the flesh, like an invisible lover was playing with her boobs. This went on for a good few minutes with Fiona still sobbing, Roger just mouthing 'bastard' at it, Louise still swearing and me still staring! Then the demon started on her nipples, you could see them moving as if each was being rolled between finger and thumb. In different circumstances it might have been quite erotic, but not when you can't see the bloody fingers that are doing it! Then after a bit it began pulling on them, quite hard too! You could see her nipples being stretched right out from her body and then let go of so they snapped back. It must have hurt too, because Fiona was whimpering instead of crying.

Roger was now sitting as silent as I was, but Louise was still swearing, real obscenities too. Almost everything she said had some variation of the 'f' word in it. It was 'fucking hell, fucking bastard, fuck you, you fucking cunt,' all the time, and up till then I don't think I'd heard Lou swear very much!

Then all of a sudden Fiona's nipples began to glisten, as if they were wet, and she was speaking in her whimpers, saying 'it's sucking my tits, the fucking thing is sucking my tits' over and over! The strange thing is that her nipples were beginning to engorge and harden as if she were turned on, though she clearly wasn't! Stranger still, the moment it stopped sucking, the shine of wetness disappeared!

The next thing that happened was that teeth marks started to appear all over her breasts, big ones and deep too, and Fiona began to scream with pain. The bites began to draw blood and we sat watching, still unable to move, as it began to run down her chest in streams from her boobs. By now we were all making a racket, Fiona was screaming, Roger was calling it all the names under the sun and promising dire retribution, I was yelling at it to stop, and Louise was still swearing fit to bust! - Oh, and another strange thing about it was that afterwards Roger's neighbours, who regularly complain about his TV being on too loud, reckoned they never heard a thing!

The bites on Fiona's boobs got more and more savage until one particular bite went so deep that the 'teeth' met through Fiona's flesh and we all thought that it was going to tear a lump out of her breast. It might have too, if it wasn't for what happened next!

Watching what was happening to her friend's breasts got almost too much for Lou and she said something that changed everything."

Ben looked straight at Judy who was obviously fascinated by his story, if maybe still a little bit sceptical. "Never, ever, say anything to any spirit, ghost, demon or whatever else you might contact through a ouija board, that might, no matter how slightly, be construed, deliberately or otherwise, as an invitation!"

Judy frowned at Ben's earnestness, but he went on to reinforce it "Now, I cannot be serious enough about this. I sincerely hope you leave ouija boards well alone, but if you must meddle, then please, please, remember no invitations, ok?"

"Ok" Judy replied, "But why?"

"I'll tell you why" Said Ben and continued with his story. "What Louise did, by accident, damn nearly killed her. As part of her swearing she said 'fuck me', and the moment she did so the 'thing' let go of Fiona! Not so that Fiona could move, you understand, she was still as helpless as the rest of us, but it stopped abusing her! For maybe twenty seconds nothing happened and we all sat confused and wondering what next. None of us had really registered what Louise had said, it was just a long tirade of swearing as far as everyone, including probably Louise herself, was concerned. Understandable swearing maybe, but of no real meaning. Then Lou suddenly realised just what she'd said and what was left of her colour drained from her face. She looked more like a ghost than ever this fucking spirit could!

She began shaking her head as the implications sank in. "No! Oh no, oh dear God, no!" Then she screamed. I think she had just felt its first touch, for a second later she was lifted bodily from her chair and dumped across the table, knocking the ouija board off in the process as it happens. In fact, she was lifted and dumped so suddenly that I nearly got her foot in my face as it turned her round to put her down. But that was the only scream she made, because after that she just silently lay on the table with a look of absolute terror and helplessness on her face, as if she knew that nothing she could ever do would prevent what happening! And there was nothing she could do, nor anybody else. We were all still stuck fast like flies on fly paper!

With Fiona's blouse the demon – I've got to call it a demon, nothing else fits! - had unbuttoned it, but with Louise's clothes it just tore them off, just like that, all of them! It was as if everything she wore was made of tissue paper! There was no tugging or pulling and Lou wasn't mauled about by the force of the tearing, the things she wore all just tore off, even her cord trousers ripped apart with no resistance whatever! I've never seen anything like it! Within half a minute Lou was lying flat on her back on the table, totally naked! Then it pulled her legs open. You could see the muscles in her legs straining to fight it, trying to keep her legs closed, but they came open as easily and effortlessly as if she'd done it herself. She hadn't though, because from where I was sitting I could see two hand prints on the inside of her thighs as it pulled them apart!

Louise was, and still is I should think, a very beautiful woman, all the right curves in all the right places, you know? And there am I looking at her naked body from a viewpoint right between her legs. I would have given my eye teeth for that view in normal circumstances, but even now I feel guilty and dirty that I can mentally picture her pussy! Can you understand that?"

Judy nodded silently.

"So what I'm telling you is in no way titillating, ok?"

Judy nodded again. She wasn't thinking of it being so anyway!

So there I am sitting staring straight at Louise's nakedness, I can see everything she's got, from boobs to pussy. Fiona is sat to my left, and she can see almost everything, though she was still sobbing from her own pain and probably not taking much notice. Only Roger, who is sat behind Lou's left shoulder, has any part obscured, and he can see all but the most intimate bits. The reason I'm labouring the point is so that you know that you can check what I'm telling you with someone else.

The first thing that happens is that the same finger marks appear in Lou's breasts as did in Fiona's, but deeper, probably because Lou's got a much fuller figure than Fiona!"

"You mean she's got big boobs" Judy interrupted, trying to lighten a very frightening account!

"Well, yes! In fact she has a very nice figure altogether, but that's a bit beside the point. Anyway, after a while her nipples begin to pucker and shine, and it's obvious that they're being sucked just like Fiona's were. This starts Lou wailing, well, not wailing as such but sort of keening, you know, like a terrified animal! I expect she was waiting for the biting to start! But it didn't. Instead the demon, spirit or whatever you want to call it, started batting her boobs from side to side. At least that's what it looked like, as if it was using alternate hands to smack the sides of her tits, making them wobble from side to side. This fucking demon had a sense of humour at least. Not that we heard it laugh! In fact the whole fucking thing was all done in silence apart from the sounds of her breasts being slapped! It does this until her boobs are bright red from the mistreatment and stops, and then for a few minutes - nothing! All four of us, not just Louise, are now scared silly as to what might be coming next and we just sit there and wait. I know it's selfish, but all three of us were worried that it might be finished with Lou and moving on to one of us!

Then all of a sudden we hear Lou catch her breath, like she's just had a shock, which I suppose she had really, because both Fiona and me could see something happening from where we were. What we saw were Lou's pussy lips being parted and the marks of at least one finger exploring the entrance to her vagina. Not entering her at that point, you understand, just feeling her up, playing with her labia and then pinching her clitoris. It must be said that while Lou was looking very wild eyed and scared at this, her pussy was acting as if it was one big turn on, just like Fiona's breasts. Her clit swelled up and stood up, her pussy lips opened and she was obviously lubricating 'cos her hole was wet and slippery, in fact after a minute or so her juices were running from her cunt! Then it began to look as if the thing was fingering her! Her entrance was opening and closing just as if something near enough finger sized was being pushed in and out of it! Well, I looked at Fiona, Fiona looked at me, and we both looked at Louise, who was staring back at us like an animal caught in car headlights, sort of pleading! And, silly as it might sounds, both Fiona and I found the hardest thing right then was to pretend we weren't looking at her cunt! Somehow we were embarrassed for Lou to think we were watching her defilement! It was a bit like watching something fingering a corpse, because only Lou's head could move and that was fixed rigidly staring at us, but the rest of her body was held in a paralysis like ours, I guess, so there was absolutely no visible response, good or bad, to what was happening to her. That was one of the most awful things about it! Roger couldn't see from where he was, but I think he had a good idea what was happening, especially with what happened next!
