 Author's note: I wrote this story seven years ago and published it on a different forum. Since then I made some alterations to it which I believe has made it a bit better. Please enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

Prologue

Ulfr was a pure-blooded werewolf from the Forest Mountain. He was a large man, tall and muscular, black hair falling in thick locks over his shoulders. He was one of the most powerful of his kind, and leader of his Pack, an Alpha.

'Damn the woman!' Ulfr cursed miserably under his breath.

He gazed at the petite, slender female who tormented him through the window. The female produced a scent identical to the females in his pack and she wasn't even aware of it!

Adriana saw him through the window and he waved to her.

Without waving back, she pouted her lips and walked away angrily.

Ulfr was speechless. He was crushed by her unsympathetic dismissal. As leader of his Pack, he was accustomed to attracting a female's interest of both human and werewolves. His looks were above average. Ulfr was not a vain man, but it was rare for anyone to ignore him.

'Damnit! Now she'll never talk to me again.' He raked his fingers through his hair and spun away from the window.

Despite his superior strength and ability, he was hopeless at courting her. This female was defiant and strong-willed by nature. That's what turned him on all the more. None of the females in his Pack would've had the spirit to challenge him. Then again she wasn't from his Pack.

She was human!

In fact, she was a pure human female and that was the problem.

He could change her with a bite and mark her as his. The thought had crossed his mind so many times. It was his right as an alpha and he didn't need consent from the elders.

How would Adriana react if he turned her? Some humans became insane from the first transformation. In those rare cases, the pack were forced to kill the human in order to keep them from hurting others and to keep their secret hidden.

He could never kill her ...

He closed his eyes and remembered the episode which made her upset with him.

It had started well enough. Her hot, silky tongue invaded his mouth to spar with his. She'd liked it because Ulfr had smelled her scent pooling between her legs. He suckled on her lips. Adriana liked his tasting and groping.

Then, somehow, she had managed to awaken the werewolf in him. It was that bizarre sound rumbling in his chest, something like a growl. Another sensation eclipsed his arousal. Fear verging on panic.

He pulled his mouth free from hers, wrenched her hands off him and whirled around. His fangs had elongated and his eyes had changed. With his back to her, he trembled, his fists curling and uncurling as the claws grew bigger.

"I just remembered something—important!" He panicked with the lame excuse but it was the best he could come up with. His breathing was frightened with every hoarse breath. "I need to leave!"

"Are you serious???" She struggled to catch her own breath and buttoning her trousers. At last, she spoke hurt: "Did I do something wrong?"

"No!" He replied gruffly. "It's not you! It's me! I got to go!"

"Wait! Ulfr, please talk to me!" She tried to touch his shoulder.

He didn't turn around but only ran away to the safety of the mountain.

For a second he blushed with self-disdain at the memory of the only way he'd managed to satisfy his werewolf was by jerking off, but his need had swiftly overwhelmed his shame. He'd rubbed his cock hard and fast, his breathing strenuously as the strain intensified beyond tolerance. Ulfr continued to pump himself, roaring as his seed shot out to spill all over his belly.

That had been last night and although it'd eased some of the sexual pressure in him he still wasn't in the clear. The spontaneous transformation had scared the hell out of him! If he hadn't run away he'd probably have raped the woman he loved.

Throughout a werewolf's life, there was a strong balance between the wolf and the human; both were always aware of each other, but neither one controlled the other. The wolf would provide strength, power and agility while the human-provided freedom, nourishment and sex. The werewolf's surfacing was something the human could control at will, even when the pull of the Full Moon was strong.

It was all about maintaining the right balance, which worked for both man and beast. The human mind was always present, preserving some control, balancing the wolf's savage instincts.

According to legend if the wolf took complete control, the man became the passenger in the beast's mind. Nothing would stop it until it got what it wanted.

The werewolf was the stuff they told in ancient lore and legend. A genuine werewolf was that creature which walked on two legs craving for power. Keeping the beast in control was of the maximum importance.

A pure werewolf was extremely dangerous because it was completely uncontrollable. Some humans who'd been newly transformed weren't capable of controlling the beast and that's why they had to be put down.

Ulfr had never turned into a full werewolf form before. It had only happened a handful of times in the last two centuries. The outcome was always bloody and violent.

Last night, the werewolf had fought to get out and claim the female as his own. It had nearly won if he hadn't bailed out on Adriana at the last minute.

That wasn't him last night.

He was an Alpha and an Alpha was always in control. It was his duty to the Pack to maintain discipline and not to indulge in such stupid, irresponsible behaviour. He needed to mate and soon because of the full moon in three days time.

A good old fashioned ferocious werewolf fucking would keep him from changing completely.

Although mating rituals did happen between werewolves and humans they were rare. Mating amongst werewolves was intense. He could be gentle if he remembered to be, but most of his mates were perfectly content to have it rough.

As a pure-blood, Ulfr was expected to mate with another pure-blood, but it was not necessarily an obligation to do so.

He had considered using Adriana as his mate, but he was afraid of her reaction if he got too horny to control himself like the previous night.

It wasn't like he could simply walk to her and say: 'Hey baby I have a funny story to tell you. I change into a werewolf whenever you play with my penis! And I would really like to turn you into a werewolf too. So what do you say, baby?'

Ulfr groaned painfully.

Adriana's scent dangerously tempted him. If she were a werewolf he'd take her forcefully as his mate and that would be the end of it. A part of him feared that he was not going to be gentle when the time came ... assuming she'd accept to be his mate.

'Adriana!' His member sprang upright.

He needed her. He needed to come inside that tight cunt and fill her with his seed. Hunger liked he'd never felt before burned through the veins of his cock. He needed to be inside her. He needed to change her into a werewolf.

'No!' Ulfr took a deep breath. He loved her too much to bear her rejection. Ulfr would rather that Adriana hate him than fear him.

He'd leave for the mountains today so he could mate with a female of his own kind. The best thing to do was to stay as far away from Adriana as he could.

Werewolves were the protectors of humanity during the most dangerous time of the year. The gates of Hell were opened during that specific night and Incubuses were at their most powerful. The Incubuses were the servants of the Evil One and they used the blood of animals to weaken the veil between the world of the living and the Dark Realm.

It was a dangerous time and humans had no idea of the risk they put themselves during this day. There were other gateways around the world in Africa, Europe and other continents. They were protected by werewolves just like him and keeping humanity safe from the forces of darkness.

Still, he didn't want strangers roaming his mountain. Keeping werewolves a secret was hard to keep from the populace. It was bad enough that humans had hunted werewolves in the past, but a widespread panic was the last thing he needed.

The goddamn Incubuses were stealing cattle to make sacrifices to weaken the veil between our worlds. He would have to deal with them once he got to the mountain where the gateway was guarded by the toughest werewolves. Some werewolves were immune to the hexes cast by Incubuses, but only those who had been trained by a light witch were resist being hypnotized.

"Ulfr!"

He jerked his head up and realized the other person in the room was waiting for his response. "Uh?"

Ulfr felt grateful his long overcoat hid his erection tenting in his pants. It would've been awkward explaining why he had an erection for no particular reason.

"Have you been listening to what I said," asked Sigmund, the self-proclaimed mayor.

Sigmund was a potbellied bald little man with a thick bushy golden moustache. He was a keen businessman with a large acreage of land in the farming area.

"Yes, I heard you." He said absently. "You want me to hunt the creature killing your livestock and bring back the other five cows that ran away if they are still alive."

Two cows were killed last night. It made him uneasy to think that such an incident should happen so close to mating season and Halloween. They cows dying had nothing related to the werewolves, quite the contrary it was probably some Incubus.

Sigmund folded his arms across his chest and took a step forward. He needed to crane his head upwards to meet Ulfr's eyes. He leaned in closer as if to share a secret. "There's word going around."

"Oh, what's that?" Ulfr smiled pleasantly as he slung his rifle over his shoulder.

"William thought he saw a creature last night," he waited for Ulfr to ask him to appease his curiosity. When he saw that he wasn't going to get the question Sigmund spoke in hushed tones: "He thought he saw a... 'Bigfoot' running into the mountains!"

The two men watched each other for a few long seconds -- granting Ulfr plenty of time to observe the older man's emotions. Then suddenly Ulfr burst out laughing: "Sigmund, you sly dog. For a minute I thought you were serious. Bigfoot, really! What's next? Werewolves and witches?"

"Ha-ha-ha," Sigmund laughed nervously, but he had been serious about it. "Of course the Bigfoot isn't real, but William saw something."

"I think that as a mountain ranger I'd have seen one by now," he patted Sigmund friendlily on the shoulder. "No, William was either drunk as usual or he probably saw his wife naked again!"

He laughed heartily but inside Ulfr was cursing himself for being so stupid. He'd been the one that William had seen and he'd been lucky that nobody more credible had seen him.

He was an Alpha for crying out loud! It was his duty to protect the Pack and humanity.

"Yes," Sigmund wiped his bald head with a handkerchief. "But that creature killing my livestock is real enough."

"Don't worry," Ulfr assured him. "I'll take care of it, but don't spread any rumours about a Bigfoot sighting. We don't want pesky tourists littering our beautiful mountain."

Or stumbling onto the gateway to Hell, he felt like adding.

"Err, there's something else I need from you ..." Sigmund seemed reluctant to speak. Ulfr raised his eyebrows at the subtle request in Sigmund's voice. "It's something personal. It's more of a favour, really." Sigmund lowered his eyes. It was uncommon for Sigmund to be asking anything more than the usual mountain ranger business from Ulfr. "I was wondering if you were heading up to the old mountain trail? My grandaunt has a cabin there ... She's all alone for the winter. Foolish woman won't come down ... Says it's her home."

"You want me to look on her? No problem." Ulfr rubbed his chin calling to mind the elderly woman.

She was one of the few humans who knew of the existence of werewolves and she was in good standing within the pack. As far as he knew she was in good health. Her husband had been a practitioner of the white arts or a Light witch. He had died in battle against a Succubus nearly fifty years ago.

"There is something else," Sigmund cleared his throat when Ulfr turned to leave.

Ulfr's jaw flexed violently because he wanted to get moving up the mountain instead of wasting his time talking to Sigmund. Adriana's scent was still too strong in the village and he was barely able to conceal his erection.

With a calm voice and controlled rage he asked with a forced smile: "What is it, my friend?"

"My niece wants to spend the winter with the old woman."

"Tell her that's out of the question!" He snapped too violently, but then regained his self-control. "Excuse me, Sigmund. I have a terrible headache. Tell your niece that it's foolish to be roaming the mountain with a wild animal on the loose. Tell her to wait for a few days and then I'll come back to take her."

He didn't want any strangers walking up the mountain so close to the full moon or Halloween.

"Normally I would agree," he fiddled with his fingers. "But Adriana is adamant. That girl is a force of nature."

The mention of her name made his cock stiffen. She would be a fabulous fuck -- intense and sexy. The werewolf in him howled in his mind, his hunger for the female growing.

"Adriana?" He said casually while to control his urges. "The minister's daughter? She is your niece? Forget it! She can't come. I strictly forbid it!"

"You have to do this." Sigmund faced him, his eyes alight with alarm. "Please Ulfr! Do this as a personal favour to me."

"I said no." Ulfr declared the situation resolved. "Tell her to wait a couple of days..."

"She is just like my sister." He wiped his bald head with a handkerchief. "If you don't take her she'll go alone. I know her."

Ulfr knew she would too. What's worse she'd probably stumble on a werewolf fuck festival. There's no knowing the damage it might have on the Pack. Or even worse, she might encounter an Incubus who would probably place her under a spell.

The old lady, her aunt, would need to keep Adriana locked indoors. She might have to give Adriana a sleeping potion to knock her out.

'Damn the stubborn woman,' he cursed.

"I'll see to her safe journey, Sigmund."Ulfr rubbed his eyes and relented.

Sigmund nodded, visibly relieved and he nodded back his goodbyes.

Walking into the street Ulfr hissed in a low voice: "Fuck!!! That girl is going to be the death of me!"

Chapter 1

Ulfr dropped back his head and inhaled a breath of fresh mountain air -- but there was something else. It was something sugary and succulent; apple pie, his favourite. His heart pumped, his body feeling vibrant. It was a feeling like he had never felt before.

Without opening his eyes he identified the scent and said, "Adriana, you should stay here. It's not safe in the mountains on Halloween."

"I can take care of myself." She replied coldly.

The determined tone in her voice impelled him to open his eyes. He needed to see her face, the challenge in her eyes and the confidence in her posture.

She wasn't wearing her usual dress. She opted instead for practicality, a pair of trousers and a tight shirt which fitted her snugly. Her feet were enclosed in men's ankle-high working boots.

"So there are your father's pants," Ulfr remarked with a smirk. "I thought I saw him running around naked looking for them only a few minutes ago."

"How hilarious." The defiant lift of her chin made his cock stiffen. "By the way, I'm not wearing any panties ..."

Ulfr almost came in his pants. She would like it rough -- no doubt about it. It would be one fabulous fuck after another -- hard and fierce. The werewolf growled again in his mind taking more control. Using every ounce of his willpower he tamed the beast within.

Ulfr had sent a message to the other werewolves to instruct the old lady to feign illness and keep her indoors. Once Adriana reached the cabin she'd be looking after her sick aunt while he was fucking the brains out of another female werewolf. He had to get this out of his system and fast.

It was the only plan he had.

"Please, Adriana. Stay in the village. I'm begging you. I'll come pick you up at the end of the week." He looked at her for a long time and then sighed when she crossed her arms. She was going up that mountain with or without him. "I suppose you leave me little choice, right?"

"You're not as dumb as you look." She pouted still angry about the previous night.

"The only way up there is by foot. It's going to be a long hike." He frowned. "We'd better get going. I want us to reach the cabin before dark."

"Is that necessary," she nodded to the hunting rifle resting on his shoulder.

"It's to protect you from the Bigfoot roaming the mountain, or haven't you heard?"

"Ah," Adriana nodded. "So my uncle Sigmund told you."

"I'm not afraid of the Bigfoot but of the other creatures roaming this mountain, baby."

"Don't call me baby," she protested. "You know that I hate that."

"As you command." He grunted and began to walk. "Baby."

Adriana cursed loudly behind Ulfr's back as he trekked up the mountain trail. It was a beautiful day for a walk in the woods -- the sun was shining, a gentle breeze was blowing and a good-looking man with a tight ass walked in front of her.

However, she wasn't there to take pleasure in the landscape or Ulfr's tight ass. She was going up the mountain to look after her great-grandaunt.

She wondered why he'd left in a hurry yesterday. She was hot as well as horny, but then he left without as much as a goodbye. It was like she suddenly contracted the plague or something. She felt hurt by the way he ran away from her.

Maybe it was because he was of the mountain. The mountain people usually kept to themselves and her father would've disapproved of a romantic liaison with Ulfr. There was only so much defiance that Adriana could get away with.

Maybe it was for the best.

'It would've been a bad idea anyway.' She tried to convince herself. 'Ulfr probably had a dozen suitors on the mountain.'

She was from the village and Ulfr was the leader of the mountain people. They could hardly have a successful relationship if both their communities were against them.

"We're leaving the trail, aren't we?" she asked after some time of trekking.

"You're very observant."

"Why don't we stay on the trail," she asked. "In the movies that always ends up in trouble, you know."

"I know these mountains better than anyone alive." He broke a branch as he moved up. "Maybe I just want to kidnap you."

He sounded like he was joking, but with Ulfr one couldn't tell for sure. She asked: "So why the shortcut?"

Kneeling down he picked a piece of wood and broke it. "It's going to rain in a few hours. That's why we're taking this shortcut."

"You can tell that by breaking a piece of wood?" She picked up her own branch and broke it in half. "Is it because the wood is dry or something?"

"It's because I heard it on the radio," he turned around looking smugly at her.

"You're an asshole," she blushed.

Ulfr guffawed at the comment and moved on.

"You didn't have to come you know." She stretched out her pace to keep up with him. Adriana was in terrific shape but Ulfr had a lot of muscle in those legs. And they were walking mostly uphill. "I'm able of looking after myself."

"Of course you are." He said uninterested.

"I am you know!" She sounded like she was trying to convince herself mostly. "I'd brought my own rifle if you hadn't tagged along."

"If I hadn't tagged along!?" He said astonished, but without turning around or slowing his pace. "I'm here doing you a favour, baby!"

"Don't call me baby!!!" She roared and stopped. "Why the fuck did you run away yesterday? What were you afraid of? What did I do wrong?"
