 Mindy walked in circles around the large toy store, looking for just the right present for her new niece. Colorful displays stood throughout the store, attempting to entice buyers into purchasing something other than what they came for. Stopping at a strategically placed display of stuffed animals, Mindy picked up a bunny rabbit and examined it. 

Holding a carrot stick? she thought. Are companies getting so tight fisted that they can no longer be bothered to give the poor bunnies the entire carrot?

As cute as the bunny was, the carrot stick just looked too weird, so Mindy decided to buy a teddy bear instead. After digging through piles of teddy bears with bow-ties, fat furry bears, skinny nappy bears, polar bears on skis, and many other varieties, Mindy spied a pink teddy bear holding a baby blanket. 

Perfect, she thought as she carried the baby bear to the check-out. 

Mindy checked her watch and realized she was running more behind than she thought. She was driving up to see her new niece and hadn't had time to get her a present yet, so when she spotted the toy store just off the high-way, she couldn't resist stopping. The newborn baby wouldn't have a clue whether her aunt brought her something or not, but she couldn't just show up without a gift. After all, this was her sister's first baby and Mindy's first niece. 

She had spent more time in the toy store than she had meant to and she was already way behind schedule. If her boss had not made her work late, she would have had plenty of time to get there. Even though she would now arrive too late to see her sister and the new baby, at least she would be able to go visit first thing in the morning. If she had waited until morning to leave, she wouldn't have gotten there until mid-afternoon.

Mindy hurried out to her car and got back on the road. She still had a long drive ahead of her and it was already fast approaching 9 pm. At this rate, it would be 2 am before she arrived in her sister's town. She'd have to find a hotel to crash in until it was a more civilized hour to go visiting.

***

After driving for three hours, Mindy's eyes felt itchy and watery from the strain of fighting off sleep and she had caught herself about to doze off more than once. She decided to pull over for the night and finish the trip in the morning, her eyes scanning the road-side, looking for a sign advertising a hotel.

Just when she thought she would have to pull over to the side of the road and sleep in her car, she spotted a sign for a motel a few miles off the next exit. Thank goodness, she thought, eager to crawl into a nice warm bed and sleep.

Geez, this is creepy, Mindy thought as she turned onto the dark road that led to the motel. Tall trees lined the road on each side and Mindy felt a shiver travel up her spine. Spooky. The road felt like a bumpy country lane and no lights shone anywhere. She couldn't even see the lights from the motel.

"Damnit!" Mindy cursed as her car sputtered and died. Try as she might, the car would not start; turning the key only resulted in a grinding noise from deep within the motor. Slamming her hand on the steering wheel in frustration, Mindy couldn't believe her luck.

She reached into her purse for her cell phone and was dismayed to see it didn't have a signal. Realizing her only two choices were to wait in the car and hope for rescue or to get out and try to walk to the motel for help, Mindy decided she would have to walk. 

She had not seen one car since pulling off the highway, and she doubted one would come along any time soon. Besides, there was no way she was going to stay alone in the car on this creepy road. She had heard too many stories of lone women disappearing from desolate highways after having trouble, leaving no trace except for their deserted cars.

She got out of the car, looking around for any kind of marker that would help her describe the location of her car. Brief flashes of lightening lit up the sky, contributing to the sense of foreboding creeping along Mindy's spine.

Oh, just great, go ahead and start pouring rain, it would be just my luck, she thought.

This was just going from bad to worse. Mindy started off along the road, wishing she had a flashlight to keep the deep shadows at bay that the trees cast along the road. In fact, that was the only thing besides the road and her car that she could see, lots and lots of trees with gnarled branches which seemed to reach out as if to grasp her in their wooden clutches.

Wanting to get to the warmth and light of the motel as quickly as possible, Mindy walked quickly and purposefully down the road. She was starting to get really creeped out and was thankful that it would probably only take her about half an hour to walk the remaining miles to the motel. She was in good shape and worked out regularly, so this short trek was like a walk in the park. Well, like a walk in a very dark and foreboding park.

As Mindy walked, she began to feel like she was being watched, like there was a presence in the woods with her. The hair on her neck stood on end, and goose bumps rippled along her skin. Her steps quickened, increasing her speed to a jog. The further she went, the more scared she became, her heart thudding in her chest. 

Get a grip, she thought. The darkness and the fact that you are alone and surrounded by woods are getting to you. There's nothing out there. You'll be at the motel in no time and then everything will be okay. There will be lights and people and a nice warm bed.

Despite the reassurances to herself, Mindy continued to increase her speed until she ran swiftly along the road, occasionally looking behind her shoulder as if expecting to see something pursuing her. She screamed as she stumbled over a large rock and pitched forward, landing face first on the road. Certain she heard the snap of twigs, she jumped up and fled down the road.

Suddenly, the sensation of a presence felt so strong, it enveloped her, weighing her down and slowing her steps until she barely moved. Body trembling, she struggled to breathe as a dark heaviness settled upon her, squeezing her body like a vise.

Panic attack, was the last thought that ran through her mind as the blackness settled over her vision, and she slumped to the ground in a heap.

Mindy awoke some time later with the feeling something was very, very wrong. She no longer lay in the middle of the road but hung off the ground by her tightly bound wrists. Her heart almost stopped when she realized she was naked, her nipples hard in the cool night air. 

Roughness bit into the back of her body, and she understood she hung from a tree. Leather cuffs joined together by a d-ring restrained her wrists, and the ring hung on a spike driven into the tree.

Oh my god, I'm in deep shit, Mindy thought as she looked wildly about. "Help! Someone help me!" she screamed, praying she was close enough to the motel for someone to hear her.

The heavy feeling returned, weighing upon Mindy's body like a stone as a deep menacing voice spoke, "No one will hear you my sweet."

Mindy frantically strained to see into the darkness, looking for the origin of the voice, but she saw nothing except menacing trees, dancing in the wind.

"I have been watching you, waiting for the moment when I could make you mine," said the ominous voice.

Chills raced down Mindy's spine. She did not want to think about what those words might mean. Rustling leaves caught her attention and she looked wildly about, trying to catch sight of her tormenter amidst the tree trunks as lightening flashed overhead.

"My dear sweet Mindy, so beautiful, so alluring, so sexy, you've always been mine, you know. For lifetimes now, I've reclaimed you, only to lose you to the curses of fate. This time will be different; this time I will bind you to me forever."

A man, tall and broad-shouldered, appeared out of the trees in front of her; only as he got closer, Mindy realized her big mistake.

I'm in really deep shit, she thought as she saw it wasn't a man at all. An icy cold shiver raced through her body as her brain tried to make sense of what her eyes saw.

Black scales covered his sinewy arms and legs, and his ears pointed towards the top of his bald, scaly head. His full, blood-red lips curved into a devious smile as he approached her, pointy teeth revealed behind them as his smile grew wider.

"Do not be afraid, sweet Mindy. I am not going to hurt you. I am only going to claim what is mine."

Quaking with horror, Mindy looked at the creature, his ice-blue eyes standing out starkly from the rest of his ebony scaled body. Her eyes dropped, taking in the enormous erection sprouting from his abdomen. Her belly quivered in fear at the thought of what he would do with the monstrosity. 

Scrabbling for purchase at the ground several inches below, she flinched away trying to draw back into herself when she felt his cold hand trace a line down her side. He moved closer and fear engulfed her as his hot breath warmed her neck. A sharp pain bit into her as he gently nipped her neck with his pointy teeth before sliding his forked tongue up her jaw and onto her face. 

Tremors racked her body as his mouth closed over hers, the power of the kiss pushing her head forcefully against the tree. His tongue slithered inside her mouth, coiling around hers in an alien embrace.

His cold reptilian hands caressed her breasts and then pinched her nipples, sending involuntary sparks of hot pleasure through her. His forked tongue slithered down her body, first wrapping around one nipple and then the other before continuing down her belly until the creature knealt between her legs.

"Oh," she gasped as she felt the coarse tongue lashing at her clit. Even though her mind was terror-stricken, her body responded to what the creature did. Pleasure rushed through her as his tongue expertly teased her clit from its hood; her thighs trembling as her arousal made itself known by the swelling of her sex. 

Oh my god, she thought as the creature's tongue expertly caressed her slit. How can I possibly be enjoying this so much?

Oh, but she did enjoy it. The creature's tongue slithering about her sex felt like nothing she had ever experienced. Involuntary moans escaped her as pleasure swept through her body. Her hips strained towards his tongue, the intensity of her arousal threatening to overtake her.

Must fight, she thought, must not give in, must not.

Mindy knew she fought a losing battle, and she almost passed out from the pleasure of it as his tongue, so flexible and long, snaked around her clit. Her head thrashed about as the heat of her arousal spread through her body while her mind, which was still fighting for control, screamed, "No!No!No!"

Mindy tried to turn her head away as he moved up her body, his mouth capturing hers, the taste of her arousal strong on his tongue as it slithered inside to caress hers. His cold hands gripped her thighs and pulled her legs off the ground as his enormous cock rubbed against the entrance to her throbbing pussy.

"No, please, don't!" Mindy begged as the creature's cock pushed forward, seeking entrance into the soft, enveloping walls of her pussy.

"Always a protest before your body takes control and you begin to moan with pleasure. Always the same," the creature whispered in her ear, his hot breath sending shivers down her spine.

Her body quivered as he leaned down, his forked tongue flicking her nipples, and her back arched, as her body sought more of the pleasure his tongue wrought. 

Mindy cried out as his enormous cock speared her tight pussy, stretching it wide around his thickness, and she vainly struggled against his hard body. Each forceful thrust sent waves of pleasure through her trembling body, and soon Mindy was lost to everything but mindless bliss as the creature had its wicked way with her.

Her will to fight drained away by the power of the arousal flowing through her body, Mindy wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled him closer to her, driving her hips down to meet each thrust, forcing his cock deeper into her hot depths. Her body filled with need as the creature fucked her against the tree, uncaring as her skin rubbed against the rough bark while he thrust vigorously into her.

A cold hand reached between their bodies and stroked her inflamed clit, sending shockwaves of pleasure through Mindy, her cries echoing through the trees. 

"Yes, my sweet, come for me," crooned the creature as Mindy's moans grew louder. 

Another flick of his tongue on her nipple sent Mindy crashing over the edge and her body shook from the force of her shattering orgasm. Blackness washed over her as the intensity of the orgasm short-circuited her body.

The creature let out a snarl and slammed his huge cock deep into her limp body, spurting his hot unearthly come like an erupting volcano deep into Mindy's womb. Waves of come spewed over and over with each thrust as the creature filled Mindy with his seed. 

After the eruption ceased, the creature quickly released Mindy from the tree and laid her down upon a bed of leaves, kissing her tenderly and carefully redressing her. He swiftly carried her back to the spot in the road and then left her.

"Soon, my sweet," he whispered as he crept back into the woods. "I will return for you."

***

Mindy shot upright and frantically looked around, the vestiges of a nightmare crashing about in her head.

"It's okay, dear. You're in a room in my motel. The mister found ya out in the middle of the road a couple of miles away from your stalled car. Seems ya tripped over a root and banged your head pretty hard on the ground. He brought ya back here, and we got ya in bed. The doctor came out and looked ya over and said that ya'd be fine come morning."

Mindy saw a frail old lady, her lap covered in a quilt, rocking in a chair in the corner of the small, dingy room. The last thing she remembered was her car sputtering to a stop on the lonely road. The nightmare she had dreamed seemed so vivid, so lifelike. Boy, I had better stop watching so many horror movies, she thought. 

"What's your name, dear?" inquired the old woman, interrupting Mindy's thoughts.

"Mindy. Where's my car?"

"The mister got it fired up and brought it up here, so it's sitting out there in the parking lot. Not sure what was wrong with it when it died on ya, but it seems to be running fine now."

"Thank you. I appreciate all of your help, but I really need to get going. I am on my way to see my sister and her new baby."

"You're welcome dear. Ya can come out whenever you're ready. The mister has your keys at the front desk. Don't worry about the room. After your rough night, it's on the house."

Goosebumps sprouted on Mindy's skin as the old lady mentioned a rough night. Mindy wasn't sure what was going on, but a sudden spurt of fear had run through her body at the sound of those words. She jumped out of bed, creeped out and eager to get as far away from this forlorn place as possible.

As she jumped out of bed, she noticed that her pussy throbbed as if it had been used roughly and her nipples were tender as they rubbed her shirt. What in the hell is going on? she wondered.

Desperate to get away from the eerie hotel and the deepening sense of foreboding that seemed to ache in her very bones, Mindy rushed out her room to the front desk. Ignoring the puzzled look of the wrinkled little man behind the desk, she frantically grabbed her keys and rushed to her car.

Soon, she was on the road, a couple of hours away from seeing her new niece. She estimated that she would arrive at the hospital just as visitation hours began. By the time she reached her destination, the strange foreboding feeling that she had felt in the creepy motel room had disappeared, and she blamed it on the knock she had taken to the head.

***

Nine months later, Mindy lay in a hospital bed, waiting for the nurses to bring her new son and put him in her arms. The birth had been long and painful, and she had passed out as her new son had finally entered the world.

She had not gotten to see him yet. He had struggled a little to breathe and so before she had been revived from her swoon, they had taken him to the NICU to be checked out. Having pinked up fully after receiving a little oxygen and since all of his tests had come out fine; they were releasing him from the NICU and were bringing him to meet his mommy any minute.

Mindy still marveled at the fact that she had gotten pregnant the last night that she had slept with her now ex-boyfriend. They had used protection, but the condom must have failed because he was the only man that she had been intimate with for a time of several months. When he found out that she was pregnant, he hit the roof, claiming that it couldn't be his and that she must have been sleeping around.

Mindy had not heard anything from him since the night he stormed out of the house, saying he could not keep living with such a whore. At first, Mindy was upset but soon came to realize that if he could not accept the baby, then he did not deserve to be in their lives. 

The pregnancy had initially been a tremendous shock, but as the baby grew in her womb, Mindy could not shake the feeling that he was meant to be. As her tummy grew larger, she began to feel him moving about inside her, and he captured her heart as she eagerly anticipated his arrival.

"Here we are," chirped a nurse as she walked into the room, pushing the isolate. She picked up the bundled infant and carried him over to the waiting arms of his mommy.

Mindy joyfully opened her arms, eager to meet the little guy that had bounced around in her tummy for the past nine months. She had lived for this moment since the first time she heard his strong heartbeat at the doctor's office. Her wide smile suddenly vanished when the baby opened his eyes.

Ice-blue eyes, those of her nightmare, stared back at her and Mindy screamed - the words "Soon my sweet, I will return for you," echoing in her head.