 "Whoa...," Tim's eyes widened as he peeped out from darkness hidden behind a stone wall.

"Shhh...!" Brandon gave him an angry glance. "Keep your voice down."

He stood behind Tim watching an action that had disappointingly become a frequent sight for his eyes.

"Sorry man. But fuck!" Tim said heeding to his friend's command. "Your girl is hot."

Yeah, she is, Brandon thought.

Cathy Blake was a toothsome girl even on that first day of the college when she had brushed past Brandon Smith. But what did he do when he found her in the same course as his for the next four years? He let Garret Scarpaglia slide into an empty seat next to her, and remained a pussy himself, glued to his seat directly behind them.

They were on the first floor of the castle Beelzegard. The high, stony structure with pointed turrets and domes adorned with mythical figures stood within the college premises, barely half a mile away from their main campus and residential blocks, but not even the most formidable guards of their college were allowed near the gates of the Beelzegard after twilight, let alone the innocent, weak and impressionable students of the Academy of Occult Arts. Yet here they were, the four second-year students of satanic occult who had breached the Beelzegard at eleven o'clock at night. Two of them were involved in sexual act inside a sacred, sacrificial chamber while the other two were lost in voyeuristic pleasure. Either way, all of them were risking their lives; or so they had heard amid many myths surrounding the castle of Beelzegard.

Through a small window in the thick stone wall behind which the two men hid, cool breeze of the summer night found its way inside the castle and kept stroking the fire torches mounted on the stone walls of the castle. But the breeze could do no more. The flames quivered in delight; the torches were brimming with steady intensity and heat of a fire which kindled, every night as the sun dipped below horizon, from a mysterious source that confounded the understanding of ordinary people who had lived for many generations around the ancient castle—evading even those who studied satanic occult.

Garret-motherfucking-Scarpaglia! Somewhere deep down, Brandon was letting out a scream.

Of all the people in his class, Cathy had let that dumb-ass get close to her in more ways than one. Somehow, Brandon believed, he could see through that bewildering reality.

Cathy was an intellectual, an exceptionally talented girl who was easily a rarity among all the smart girls that Brandon had managed to befriend in his twenty-eight-years of miserable existence. Almost all of them had been bespectacled, socially-dysfunctional geeks, like Brandon himself. Though Cathy too wore glasses, hers was branded, black and stylishly-framed: an example of the kind of qualities she embodied or, at least, sought that made her different from others. The three attributes that nearly summed up her existence were style, ambition and curiosity.

The first was manifested in everything she wore, making sure to flaunt the beauty of her natural, curvaceous features. The second she possessed to such an extent—using everything from books to men to race ahead of all—that often it brought, along with much success, a lasting isolation. Finally, the third, and the most contrasting trait Brandon had ever seen in a brilliant student like her, was her curiosity in zestfully exploring every desire that other geeks chose to suppress or lost during their intellectual pursuits—sex and drugs figuring prominently in her case.

And Garret Scarpaglia was the kind of guy who could give her both in ample supply. In the first year of his close friendship Brandon had learned, among her many extreme choices, that she was a girl who had discovered, in guys like Garret, her portal to a radically different world, away from all the stress of her usual expectations. When she was tired from the adventures of her dark side she left her fuck buddies and milled about in the socially-dysfunctional crowd of the college, gaining acceptance and popularity while giving these geeks a whiff of what it felt like to be her in return. These pitiful creatures, Brandon had come to believe, deserved if nothing else then at least some sympathy of her friendship.

But he himself figured somewhere in the middle for Cathy. There was a relief and hope in knowing that he was not counted among those pitiful geeks and he contented himself whenever she affectionately termed their association a 'lonesome twosome'.  

"She's tearing down her top!" Tim whispered.

Cathy pulled frustratingly at the neckline of her white top.

Brandon sensed a peculiar excitement in Tim's voice; the same which they were used to while watching porn. Except this time Tim sounded a tad more cheerful.

Live action does that to you, Brandon thought. He had been a hidden audience to Cathy's many performances during this last one year.

In the center of the large chamber Cathy sat astride Garret with her body undulating while he gripped her waist and shoved his cock deeper into her pussy. They were perched atop a big, grey sacrificial slab that rose about four feet up from the floor of the chamber.

Just then, amidst their sighs, Cathy introduced a sharp sound that lasted only an instant but echoed loudly around the chamber before it vanished. She tore down the V-shaped neck of her top right to the very bottom until it split in middle exposing her full sumptuous breast to three pair of hungry eyes.

Garret rose up swiftly and clung to her right breast with his mouth. His hand was busy playing with her other breast as he groped, crushed and pulled it. He sucked and munched on her breast with the vigor of a thirsty man who had found a bottle full of wine in the middle of a desert.

Tim adjusted himself a little in his position. Brandon glanced at him as his friend undid the button of his shorts and slipped a hand inside.

"Dude, imagine Cathy on your cock rather than this dickhead's," Tim said caressing his balls. "It'd be like fucking a porn star."

Cathy, roused by Garret's attack on her breasts, began rising and falling over his cock slowly, building her rhythm as she used his entire length to massage the soft flesh inside her pussy.

Ah! Brandon thought. If only all of my imaginations could come true. But—

"You know something," Tim continued, "I've wished, like a thousand times, for you and Cathy to be together, doing all kinds of shit and much more."

"Hmm," Brandon let out a sigh. He had a few fantasies of his own with this girl. Night after night he drenched himself in those wet dreams where he grew from a sex-starved geek to a god of fuck. And in every wicked and sinful scenario it was Cathy who sat on his throne adorned as his sex goddess. Only Tim, his childhood buddy, knew the secrets of his heart and Brandon deeply appreciated their friendship which went beyond usual perceptions.

"Oh...," Tim moaned as a small tent formed over his shorts. "If only we can get our little chances with girls like her."

Cathy clawed the flesh on Garret's back and shoulders while he had her fixed in position with his arms round her waist and locked behind her back, pressing her body against his in a tighter embrace and filling her with shorter and faster strokes.  

Now Brandon unzipped his shorts and shoved his hand inside to get hold of his own growing erection.

"I don't get it," Tim said. "Why don't we get a fuck like Garret? It is, as if, something is wrong with us," his inner longing lent a sad tone to his voice.

No ifs, Brandon thought. "Something is fucking wrong with us," he replied pumping his cock in an attempt to match Cathy's bouncing body on Garret's lap. He was immersing himself in an illusion where Cathy was bouncing over his cock.

Garret was pacing his strokes with every second. His jaw and facial muscles contorted as he pounded Cathy's pussy ferociously.

Cathy travelled from moans and sighs toward deeper, huskier cries of pleasure.

Garret rocked back once more and then slammed his hips against hers with all his strength.

"Ah...Fuck!" she shrieked pulling at Garret's long hair. Her body rose up and she threw her head back, squeezing her eyes shut.

When she descended back into his lap she was still unable to come to her senses. Garret's cock was moving back and forth lovingly into her pussy as his big hands scrubbed all over her limbs, breasts and back.

He stopped moving inside her cunt and suckled his way up her neck. As he came up Cathy slid her tongue inside his mouth and locked him in a passionate kiss. Her hands brushed down the back of his head and came to rest over his muscular chest.

In one swift motion Cathy pushed Garret back, leant over him and pinned his back down on the sacrificial slab with the help of her weight. Her force surprised Brandon given that her physical strength was nothing compared to a heavy-built man like Garret; moreover she had just been hammered to a state of breathlessness.

It made Brandon quicken the tug on his cock. But his shorts came in the way and restricted free rapid jerks. He unhooked a button and pushed down the shorts a little below his hips.

Tim looked as Brandon's hand came out in the open wrapped tightly around his fully erect cock. He followed and dropped his shorts as well. Their eyes met and a smile appeared on their faces. The two buddies had their cocks out in the open, jerking quite desperately as they were consumed further in the sexual act unfolding in front of their eyes.

Cathy's fingers dug deep into Garret's muscular chest. Her face hovered above his. She stared at him from behind a pair of thick-rimmed spectacles with nothing except lust. She pressed her soft body on his hard muscular frame and slid down, rubbing her firm full bosom, tight thick nipples and soft flesh of her stomach over his torso, before grazing her body back up against his skin and repeating all over. Her pussy held his cock firmly during this slow cycle of pleasure. When Cathy pulled herself up she let the entire length of his cock slid out of her pussy except the big swollen head which remained buried between her moist lips. Then, she pushed her ass down allowing her pussy to swallow his cock excruciatingly slowly.

Her effect was immediate. Garret clasped her big, fleshy thighs and arched his hips in a desperate attempt to end the painful wait before his cock would once again submerge balls deep into her soft moist passage. She declined him the desire and quickly pulled herself up along his chest making her vaginal depths unreachable for his cock. The way he had controlled and dominated the manner in which she was fucked earlier now made her committed to dictate her own ways of fucking him.

***

He felt for Cathy on so many levels and yet Brandon never missed a chance to catch her with Garret every time they fucked. In fact, tonight he had let Tim accompany him in following the couple as they sneaked inside the castle.

Why? He wondered.

What Brandon realized was nothing new. The thought came to him every time he witnessed the girl of his dreams fuck like that.

No matter how much he hated the idea of Cathy fucking someone else or the painful fact that perhaps he would never be able to fuck Cathy, it still was the most glorious sight in the world for him. Every time he watched Cathy perform these delectable acts it released a blissful surge inside Brandon.

She had a lovely body that seemed like it was made for sex. He had never experienced two human beings so beautiful and complete, both as individuals and as a couple, until he had discovered the real act of love and seen Cathy fuck the first time. No, he was never ignorant of sex. He had his own steady supply of porn like any nerd while growing up. But the entry of Cathy in his life and her complex and wild nature had stirred such deep emotions which a geek like Brandon had never experienced before.

Cathy's arrival in college began a close interaction between them. At first, it threatened to transform into a fierce intellectual rivalry between two of the brightest students around. Then, one evening, strolling not too far from the Beelzegard castle, he saw her sitting on a stone bench, peering at the huge structure with tears rolling down her cheeks. She told him the castle resembled the house where she spent the most time with her parents while they were still together. They fought most of the times but sometimes they loved too. But then his father disappeared one night leaving behind all the wealth and his estate to her mother. Not long when jealous, never-seen-before relatives began showing up at their doorsteps. They roamed around the town talking about her mother as if she had a hand in her father's disappearance. The prominent lot of the town passed their verdict and she saw as her mother was burnt alive. In that same house where she was born and learnt to run freely ahead of an army of doting servants, she now served her relatives, the killers of her mother. She fooled them with her feeble appearance, absorbing their abuses. But in private, with a helpful teacher, she started her journey into the dark arts of occult. The day she took her revenge she was just nineteen-years-old but she had learnt enough to bring that house down which had become a symbol of pain and loss. That's why, she said, she hated the sight of that castle, and that she would not hesitate in ruining again all the resemblance it bore with her past.

Each moment spent alone thereafter took them away from the matters of the mind and toward the secrets of their hearts. Cathy realized in Brandon's orphaned upbringing that they both had struggle and suffering in common. In those moments he saw her truly vulnerable and sensed far more innocence in her than others might have liked to believe. Brandon couldn't recall when and exactly why he became her closest friend but their meetings became a necessity for both.

She went in details on her desires in life—from simplest and noblest to the wildest. Then, she began discussing her sexual adventures as well, ones she had taken in the past and the current one with Garret. He sensed she derived some kinky pleasure out of her telling the tales to him. She never invited him to watch and he never confessed to keeping an eye on her. But he was discovering a new side of himself altogether, the one where he was beginning to have increasingly complex and crazy feelings for Cathy. Strangely, in those moments when he saw Garret fuck her brains out, Brandon even forgot his hateful feelings for Garret for being a featherbrained bully and for having swept Cathy away from him. If Brandon could repress his ego further, he might even realize he admired that motherfucker for some unknown reason. It was a pleasure to watch her writhing, trembling and pulsating in the act. Her moans, sighs and cries were honey to Brandon's ears. From swaying of her breasts, hips and body to biting, nibbling and licking Garret's flesh, every move of hers left a deep ache of longing inside Brandon, and in time he even fell in love with that ache. Cathy had made fucking look like an art form to Brandon.

On other occasions there was a significant shift in his moods where he craved to be with Cathy. He didn't want to share her with anybody. From the moment she entered his life, he knew, he wanted to spend every second with her. Many female nerds in his circle of friends had tried to propose him and in the process had actually exposed their ridiculous personalities. But it was in Cathy he found everything that he was looking for in his potential partner. She was supremely talented, perhaps more than him; she was fun to be with and, for a change, a normal human being than all those other weird friends of his group. She was emotional. She was gorgeous and sexy. And perhaps she was the first girl who gave him an impression that she too understood him; that she could possibly see through Brandon and touch his real self. Yes, he wanted to fuck Cathy as much as he could! Yes, he wanted to spend time caring for her and making her happy in whatever ways it was possible! Yes, he wanted her to be his only reason for existence! Yes, he loved her.

Brandon returned to the same question wondering why he still felt immense pleasure in watching Cathy fuck Garret when he wanted her all for himself—physically and emotionally. Shouldn't he be horrified and rather pray for blindness every time she had Garret's dick plunged inside her pussy? No matter how much he questioned himself he was unable to sift through the clutter of his emotions and find what had truly latched onto his soul: the potent combination of Cathy and sex? Or just Cathy? Or just sex?

***

Cathy had developed a slow rhythm in grinding herself over his body. She sucked his tiny nipples, teasing dark areolas around it with her circling tongue before biting down hard on them like she was taking her revenge for Garret's attack earlier on her breasts. Poor Garret was caressing and pressing the flesh of her thighs, visibly anxious to release an urge building around his loins. She slapped his hands away every time he tried to clutch her by the waist or ass, or reach down to rub her clit. Whenever he bucked his hips to fully impale her pussy she pulled herself up, holding him inside her just by the head of his cock and stopping all movements briefly as she tugged at his long hair to pull his head back, dangling her breasts above his mouth, reminding him of her own rules. The lack of control his body suffered from while she fucked him went against Garret's innate aggression.

She stuffed herself once more with his cock and, with the support of her hands over his ribs, raised herself drawing her knees out to sit with her feet pressed against the stone slab.

Garret glanced down her sweaty body, from her swollen nipples poking invitingly like juicy grapes to the gash between her legs bound by moist pink folds. He saw the entire length of his own long and thick cock, hard as steel but very much alive with rich pulsing flesh and throbbing veins, jutting out of her pussy. The lips of her labia were stretched and wrapped around the head of his cock.

Garret had made up his mind by then. He wasn't going to let her slip without bearing the consequences of torturing him. He gripped her ankles tightly.

Cathy shifted her lush black curls on one shoulder. She lowered her big round ass all the way down his shaft letting out a deep sigh throughout. Her vaginal muscles rubbed against the veins on his cock. She lifted herself and bolts of pleasure dispersed from her vagina to every remote cell of her body as he slid out, inch-by-inch, of her wet cunt.

She felt Garret's heavy breathing, rising and ebbing below her hands that pressed down on his six-pack abs. He lay flat and unmoved on the sacrificial slab, seemingly content, even cooperative in letting her dominate him as he restrained the urge built in his body. She noticed his lewd eyes glued to her pussy while she rode him gently. Intoxicated, he was under her grips now, she thought.

She slid on his cock swiftly. Every succeeding push and pull of her body made her pussy swallow his cock entirely and then release it out with greater pace. She closed her eyes and tilted her head back drowning herself gradually in a pool of ecstasy while working harder on his cock. Her vaginal muscles contracted around his thickness, making his cock move in and out through a tighter and narrower passage. Cathy was moving so quickly that her large breasts were all over the place, bouncing up and tumbling down, appearing a lot heavier than they actually were. Her moans were getting louder and continuous. She rose and fell down once more with all her weight on his slick cock when she sensed a rapid surge, all too familiar, up inside her pussy, forcing her eyes open wider in surprise...
