 Her breathing was faint, and a thin film of nervous sweat covered her brow as she walked into the room, a cold winding closing the door behind her. Guided by an unseen force, she slipped out of her dress and laid down on the bed. Closing her eyes, she tried to control her breathing, remembering to keep in control of her emotions, the dual between fear and desire pulsating through her body. She looked up saw him looming over her, faint as the wisp of cloud, translucent, yet solid and opaque enough for her to discern his features. "Are you ready," she heard a cold, cryptic voice echo through the abandoned apartment building, seemingly emanating from nowhere in particular. She tried to speak "yes," but couldn't, and simply nodded, trying to keep her composure as she laid there naked, waiting for what she couldn't understand, but couldn't stop desiring. "Trust me," echoed the same voice, slightly warmer, but still unnatural, "you are safe with me."

*** 

No one ever noticed her like that. A shy girl, spending most of her time with eyes glued to 19th century novels and the books of long dead philosophers, she cared little throughout high school for the world of jocks and bimbos, football and binge drinking, parties and casual hookups that seemed to define the culture of her peers. It's not that she didn't have desires, but she fulfilled them through erotic fiction, and a rabbit vibrator delivered to her parents' home in a discrete Amazon delivery box, which came regularly for her and were usually filled with books. Where others stayed up late bonging beers and falling into bed with whomever happened to still be awake, her nights of passion and lust transported her across time and space. She shared her bed with untold lovers, from past, present, and future and never woke up filled with regret the next morning.

Things began to change when she went to university the next year. She assumed to find her dorm filled with peers of similar inclinations, especially as she was accepted to an honors program and moved into the honors dormitory. Her roommate was indeed intelligent, and even almost as bookish as her, but still would bring new bunkmates almost every weekend, leaving Andrea locked outside of her room, sitting in the lounge with her laptop or a novel, alone with her thoughts.

Or so she thought. On one such Friday evening, she heard a tapping at the window. Dropping her dog-eared copy of The Brothers Karamazov in a start, she looked out. She thought she saw a boy out there, with the rain beginning to poor down. Standing up, Andrea went to the window and scanned the surrounding field. Nothing. But she swore she saw someone out there. Assuming that a drunk hall-mate has gotten himself locked out, she walked out of the lounge to the nearest door to see if she could help the poor soul. Opening the door and peering out, cold rain blowing in at her, her rain jacket locked away in her occupied room, she swore she heard someone calling her name. Taking a step out into the rain, a burst of wind swept the door behind her closed. "God dammit," she yelled, as her t-shirt and shorts, now saturated in rain began clinging to her skin. "Anyone, help!" she pounded on the door, before she felt a hand on her shoulder.

Spinning around, she was paralyzed by what she saw. It was the boy she thought she saw at the window, but he wasn't quite there. He was about 6 foot tall, with brown curly hair, decently built, but not too bulky. But he was standing there in jeans and a sweater, looking completely dry as the deluge cascaded around them. The light above the dormitory seemed to pass through him, partially illuminating him, partially obscuring him. "Don't worry," she heard him say, or at least heard a voice, "Come with me, you can get out of the rain and dry off." Despite her fear and trepidation, she felt a certain comfort and followed him. Taking her hand, he led her across campus and then towards a series of adjacent apartment buildings to one that she could have sworn was abandoned. "Where are we going," she asked, noticing for the first time that the rain seemed to no longer be affecting her and that they had traversed campus far too quickly than they should have. "Who are you?"

"Don't worry, Andrea. You'll be safe here." He led her up a carpeted stairwell vaguely smelling of mildew and into an unlocked apartment unit. "Have a seat, I have some tea ready." "How do you know my name? Who are you?" she asked, refusing to sit down. "I know you, Andrea. I know you long to be needed. I've noticed what no one else has, and what you yourself refuse to," he responded as he ran his fingers across her wet face, moving a strand of soaked hair out of her eyes. His touch, which should have been warm flesh, instead felt like a jet of cold air. Confused and scared, she tried to slap his hand away, but found little resistance, as his body seemed to dissipate before reappearing in the doorway of the kitchen holding a mug of tea. Despite her confusion, she felt a strange calming sensation flow through her, as she took a seat on the couch, and graciously accepted the tea offered to her.

***

He became her secret. Every Friday night, she would come to his apartment, and they would talk. She would confide in him her own fears and insecurities, and he would regale her of tales of his life, and 30 year afterlife. He made her laugh, and she took comfort in his reassurances and reveled in his stories. It was like she had entered the world of one of her novels, a world of fantasy and mystery that she didn't fully understood, yet embraced. Though she should have been terrified by his incorporeal presence, something about him called to her and calmed her. In his presence, she felt almost like a different person. There she was appreciated, admired, maybe even loved. It mattered little to her that the person loving her would violate most people's definition of a person. In his eyes, she was recognized for who she was.

Her spectral secret admirer instilled in her a newfound confidence that she never had before. Where she usually slid through the crowds in unkempt hair and oversized sweatshirts, she now felt inspired to keep her hair brushed straight and smooth. Instead of the ease of leggings and sweatshirt, she began wearing dresses and skirts, fitted blouses and tight blue jeans, jewelry and makeup. She found a new pride in her body, her naturally thin shape, her perky B-cup breasts, her small but tight ass, her toned thighs and calves. She began running in little more than running shorts and a sports bra, and engaging in heated debates in classes where she usually kept her disagreements silent.

Hall-mates, who never noticed her, began asking her to lunch and joining her in the study lounge. But she never accepted their invitations to dates and parties on Friday night, usually making up some poor excuse. Her roommate, Sarah, told her suitors that she always left the dorm on Friday night at 7 and came back a little after midnight. Rumors soon swirled through the dorm that Andrea was having an affair with a professor, or was dating a townie. She smiled as herd people whispering about her. It was almost cute, how so many people now wanted to know what she did on Friday nights, when hardly 2 months ago, she was invisible. 

***

"I need something from you, Andrea," James asked her one cold fall evening. "Anything," she cooed as she let him stroke his semi-corporeal fingers through her hair, simultaneously making her heart rush and giving her peace, as the cold energy from unknown swept over her body. "I haven't felt the pleasure of human contact in over 10 years. I haven't had the joy of a warm hand on my chest, of a head against my shoulder. I haven't had someone squeeze my hand in comfort nor the softness of a woman's lips on my own." She drew back away from him. "How can I help? I can't touch you?" His evanescence moved away from the couch, as his dark soulful yet empty eyes peered into hers. "I need to inhabit your body, and mingle with the essence of your spirit. Only then can I feel the pleasures of embodiment. Only then can I take part in the carnal pleasures of the living. And only by joining with a welcoming host can I experience the pleasures of flesh." He draped his hands across her thigh, making every hair on her body stand slightly on end.

Her entire chest heaved as she exhaled. Her cheeks flushed, as a combination of fear and desire comingled in her heart. She squeezed her thighs together, bare under her skirt, and felt a welcome tingling sensation between her legs. As if another spirit had already taken control of her body, she let out a slight moan, laying her head back, closing her eyes. Her legs seemed to spread themselves, and her hands involuntary moved down her chest and stomach, and up her thighs, finding her panties already dampening. "Ooooo," she exhaled again, trying regain conscious control of her body from whatever spectral passion had overtaken her. She felt her nipples harden, as his formless form swept over her flesh, and she instinctively began to rub her clit through her wet panties, trying to clutch his hands to her own breast. Breathing heavily, her breasts rising and falling as her whole body swelled with every inhale, she moaned again, slipping her finger under her panties, and pressing it against her swollen clit. She opened her eyes to his surrounding presence; their eyes meeting in a seemingly timeless void. "Show me how," she gasped, as an orgasm overtook her, forcing her eyes closed, and her back to arch.

Opening her eyes, she saw him withdraw from her. "Not tonight," the voice echoed in her head, "I need more strength. Next week."

***

"Close your eyes, and empty your mind of thoughts as best you can," his voice pulsated throughout the room, echoing in her mind, as her naked body draped across the bed, chilled yet aroused, twitched and quivered under unnatural touches drifting over her skin. She nodded, closing her eyes and tried to focus on nothing but the overwhelming sensations pulsing through her body. She felt him swathe himself over her body, her skin tightening under the chill of his contact, covering itself with goosebumps. As the pressure on her skin intensified, coming seemingly from every direction, enveloping her in an energetic cocoon, she tried to gasp for air and cry out, but could not. From almost inside her own mind, she heard his voice, "Take comfort, Andrea; do not be afraid." His voice soothed her, and she began to focus again on only her breath and racing heartbeat, banishing conscious thought from her mind. 

Then it began, beginning in her toes and feat, a numbness crept up her body, paralyzing her limbs, followed by a strange warming sensation moving inch by inch up her claves and thighs. Her muscles quivered and pulsated, tensed and released, and as her thighs began to warm, she found herself inexplicably spreading them, a soft moan escaping her lips. Her finger tips soon experienced the same cold numbness followed by intense heat creeping up her arms. "Don't worry, I will not take complete control." The reassurance came from within her own mind, and her back began to feel as if it were being massaged with a warm compress. Again, her breathing sped up, and her body began to uncontrollably pulse through her heartbeat. Her back arched, as the first wave of intense sexual pleasure cascaded through her body. She cried out, "Oh God!" and closed her eyes.

The warmth of the spectral possession moved down her shoulders towards her breasts, her nipples hard and erect already. Her moans filled the air, as what felt like a thousand tiny tongues began to dance infinitely fast over her nipples and breasts. She experienced what could only be described as the most intense kiss against both sides of her neck, as her entire body began rocking back and froth, lifting her lower back and ass off of the bed. The feeling intensified, as she felt her nipples being squeezed and twisted without being touched, covered in a warm glow of unseen warmth and heat. Her exhales coming in bursts, alternating with moans as she felt an orgasm build within her, the scent of her arousal filling the cold night air. "Please, James, please," she thought, attempting to assert her will over her lover. Yet as she felt her climax approach, the warmth withdrew from her breasts, and began flowing down her abdomen from her chest.

Like an electrical surge, she felt him move his focus down her stomach, causing her to unconsciously pulse her abdominal muscles, her body still arched in the air, her pussy dripping arousal. She noticed her thighs again, as the same warm waves began cascading up her thighs, forcing her legs wider yet, squeezing and relaxing her muscles, soothing and arousing her. The two sensations. "Are you ready? I can stop if you've had enough," she heard his voice in her mind once more. Out of breath, she tried to nod, but could not as another wave of pleasure pushed her eyes closed and head back, drawing her to the brink of her orgasm, yet drifting back away like the rolling waves on the shoreline. "Yes," she willed, as the pulsing energy of lust and desire pumped through every inch of her body.

She felt him inside her now, in a way she couldn't truly understand or describe. She did not feel him within her body; she did not feel penetrated. Yet she felt the same warmth and energy flow from inside the depths of her soul. Their spirits co-mingled in a perfect intimacy, one that made bodily sexual contact feel like a betrayal. She felt fully at one with him, as their wills fused together, transcending the limits of individualized embodiment. Time stopped for her, as she felt the energy of the universe pulsing through her own being, fully connected with all the matter of existence. The cosmos was oriented towards their gnostic union, as she felt herself empowered and energized in a sublime dispossession.

"Oooooooooooohhh," she screamed, as she felt her carnal embodiment reassert herself, as the entire energy cascaded towards her pubic region. The electricity, warmth, and current of her lover's touch, the tenderness and attention of his spirit all flowed towards her swollen clitoris and drenched lips, as her body began to convulse in an orgasm that rippled through her body, tensing every muscle, pulsating every neuron, tightening every inch of skin. She felt herself lifted up and off the bed, suspended in the air, as she screamed and wailed, the sexual energy pulsing through her body and soul, uniting the depths of her being with his, as sweat and sexual arousal dripped from her body. Tightening and relaxing, every single fiber of her body was in sync, as waves of pleasure cascaded over, through, and from her. She never thought that such pleasure was possible, as she floated there, in violation of natural law, as her pleasure intensified. Her heart almost stopped, her vision blurred, her legs trembled uncontrollably, as her scream of pure carnality pierced the night air. Her orgasm pulsed through her, fluid pouring uncontrollably from her pussy, as the warmth of a supernova emanated from within her sex. 

Caught in timeless ecstasy, both fully immersed within her body and fully transcending it, entirely unique in the universe yet intimately connected to it, she felt the softness of the sheets again touch her quivering, trembling body. Finally opening her eyes she found herself back on the bed, the final waves of her climax dissipating through her extremities. She felt him withdraw from her, stopping her heart temporarily, as if her veins had frozen over without the warmth of his presence. Slowly her own energy began to flow back through her, as she again felt in control of her body, still tender and sensitive from the experienced. She looked at him and saw his form reassemble itself before her. "Shh," she heard, "sleep now," as her eyelids grew heavy and her vision went black.

Opening her eyes she found herself in her own dorm bed, naked, her body sheets drenched in sweat and female ejaculate, the air permeated with her arousal. She looked around. James was nowhere to be found. A nock rasped at the door, "Andrea, its Sarah; can Joe and I have the room?" She tried to regain composure, jumping down from her bed, in search of her dress. It was nowhere to be found. As she heard the lock of the door turning, she quickly slid a pair of jeans up her naked body, and threw a tank top on, her nipples still erect, pushing against the thin material. She brought her hand to her head. It couldn't have been just an imaginative fantasy could it? The door opened as her inebriated roommate, and this week's sexual partner stumbled into the room. Her pussy still damp with passion, she grabbed her phone and keys, and rushed out of the room, her cheeks flushed, her mind swimming, and began running through the night towards James' apartment.