 If you're under 18, these stories are not for you. Don't read them. Skip or erase the file. If you're over 18, you can officially decide for yourself.

The following is a work of total fiction and contains a scene of graphic nc sex and other weird horror stuff.

Content is my own (Monocle), copyright 2002, (as are the typos, and spelling & grammar errors), and any resemblance to persons or events living or dead or stories already written is purely coincidence. The reader is free and welcome to copy and circulate these stories within free legal forums, as long as this disclaimer is included and no alterations to it or the content are made.

Hope you like it.

Monocle

Feedback welcome at the link below.

Part 1.

---

"Piet... Omuloria Ojirun Osseriav... Piet.. Myancor uriogi fyronus... Piet... MMMmmmmm." Vala chanted the Ancient words from the heavy leather-bound book without fully understanding them. The spell was more complex than any she'd tried before. She wasn't supposed to have this book, having "borrowed" it from the coven library even though novices weren't even supposed to look at it. She'd gotten over the fear of being naked and alone in the unlocked boiler room of her apartment building. None of the other student residents had stayed in town this long weekend, and the landlord only showed up after the fourth phoned-in complaint. Nonetheless, it had taken her some time to relax, and longer still to summon the courage to start. Now, however, she was fully committed, and the mounting pleasure threatened to interrupt her incantation.

"Piet... ahhhh... Omuloria Ojirun Osseriav...  Piet. .mmmmMMMMM Myancor uriogi fyronus... Piet... nnssss.."

She knelt, knees apart, legs and feet lined up with two points of the carefully drawn pentacle. Her chant broke periodically with small sighs and moans as her fingers teased her pussy and breasts. The Ancient instructions translated to something like "The nectar of the soul at New Moon will open the lovers door for him. He will come if you call." Vala flushed when she applied her imperfect knowledge of the dead language to interpret the phrase. In plainer terms "nectar of the soul" were female sexual fluids. "New Moon" was midway between menses.

"Piet...Omuloria Ojirun hh...hhh hhhoooOsseriav... Piet.. Myancor uriooooohhhgi fyronuuuussss... Piet...."

Vala now squatted over the bubbling cauldron, the rising steam tickling her inner thighs like ethereal fingers. The heat radiated to her pussy and belly, but did not burn her. She stared at a smoky visage of Piet floating inches from her face, so beautiful. She willed the look of love into the apparition's eyes as her fingers danced over her nipples and clit. She was so close. Piet would fall for her and they would be so happy together. With that thought, Piets vaporous visage smiled at her. Vala's eyes widened at the response and she moaned. Her desire and self-stimulation pushed her right to the edge. She felt the first fluttering twinges of orgasm race through her body.

"PIET... hhh hhhaa Ooommulohhhria Ojirun Aaaahhosseriav... Piet..MmmmmMMMMya-!"

The world exploded. In a single terrifying instant everything went wrong. The cauldron burst below her, spraying hot, sticky goo all over her crotch and belly. Far worse, a huge red figure exploded from the small kettle, its terrifying face rising towards her through the steam. In one continuous motion, the creature sprang up and grabbed Vala with four clawlike hands, causing her to fall on her back and bump her head onto the hard cement floor, winding her.

When her eyes focused, she immediately closed them and screamed. A demonic face, straight out of the horror books stared down at her. Four strong hands held her - two encircling her wrists and pinning her arms straight above her head, two more gripped the backs of her knees, holding her legs spread wide apart. 

Realizing her vulnerable position, Vala opened her eyes and looked down in terror past the nightmare face and chest. There, between the creature's bright red muscled abdomen and her own pale, muck-splattered body, extended a misshapen red penis. In the time of a few shuddering breaths, she couldn't judge its size, except to know it was too large. The mottled red shaft had warty bulges unevenly along its inhuman length. The fat uncircumcised head poked through its foreskin, pointing at her open and defenseless vagina scant inches away. As she stared, the cock's unnaturally large slit drooled a drop of thick yellow-white fluid. Vala saw her own pelvis undulate underneath it and suddenly felt, just below her fear, the pending climax still clutching at her senses, her body aching for more stimulation, just a fraction more pleasure for total release. The dual realization turned her blood to ice and fire simultaneously.

"Oh! G-goddess Nnoooo! Help! HAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIII!"

With a lunge and animal growl, the demon drove into Vala. The hot shaft surged forward, splitting her trembling labia, stretching the tender tissue around the thick member. It plunged into her, forcing her open, tearing past the tiny resistance of her hymen to bury itself in her virgin depths. Vala screamed at the first contact of the cockhead with her flesh, unable to look away from her defilement. Her voice rose in pitch as she saw and felt the shaft open her and drive in. When it ripped her virginity, her cry peaked and she threw her head back in agony. When her body jolted with the hard slap of the demon's pelvis on hers, she lost her breath. In that terrible instant, her freshly deflowered body stuffed to bursting with infernal meat, instinctively filling her lungs for another scream, she felt her body clamp down, her overstretched vaginal muscles clenching around the thick invader. Pleasure and horror detonated together inside her. The sensation blended with, then overwhelmed the sharp pain of her deflowering. Her second agonized shriek blended unimagined pleasure and terror as her hijacked body exploded in orgasm.

"NAAAAAAAA! AAAAAAAAAAAIII! AAAAAAAAHHHHHH! AAAAAAAANNNHH! GHHAAAAAA!"

Vala's cries echoed through the damp room. Her stomach spasmed and her head shook from side to side. Her inner muscles squeezed the unyielding pole of the demon's phallus rhythmically and her body actually humped and itself onto the raping cock, the stings of her torn virginity mingled with the bliss of her grinding clit. Her body didn't so much betray her as be usurped by a power utterly beyond her control. The pleasure was greater than anything she'd ever felt in her masturbatory self-explorations. It was more intense, and infinitely more real than her fantasies of giving herself to Piet. It was also more horrific than her worst nightmares. Her back arched and she seized over and over in the demon's strong grip, eventually winding down until she was panting from exertion and shock. Her fear came back to the forefront of her mind as her climax subsided. Still, shuddering and trembling, she opened her eyes and turned her head back to face her attacker.

"Oooooohhhhh nnnnooo. Piet... Goddess.. What -ahh- happened? What is hap-NNOOOO!" She gasped again at its countenance. Its angular human-like head was fierce red, sharp featured, with two short, wicked horns sprouting where eyebrows should have been. Its eyes were yellow with slitted, reptilian pupils. It glared down at her, grinning, showing rows of pointed white teeth. Vala stared into its eyes, and then screamed again. The devil face was Piet's! It was warped and unreal, but the resemblance was clear. She didn't know what this could mean, but had no time to think about it, as the creature began to move.

The demon had kept rock-still as Vala came around its despoiling rod, letting her vagina squeeze and clutch at his deeply buried member. But now, locking her gaze with its own, it pulled back, slowly withdrawing its massive tool. Her guttural moan rose as each bump and wart dragged along her stretched inner walls, changing to a wail of denial when the cock reversed direction and sank back into her. Staring into the demon's feral gaze, Vala's eyes widened as she realized he was fucking her. This hideous corruption had ripped her virginity from her was going to be - was already - her first lover. Tears flowed freely now. Then, as it drew out again, painfully slow, the grotesque entity spoke.

"Young witch," Its voice was low and cold, like boulders crushing against one another, "You desired a lover. You summoned me, I have come." It spoke slowly, pumping its massiveness in and out of Vala's pussy over the course of a few words. 

"AHH, W-w-why?! Nnnh! Piet! Unnh! It was for Piet...T-too love mmmmMmmee.."

For a moment the demon paused, its hardness half inside her. Vala had a glimmer of hope that she might be able to reason or plead for a way out. But then the hot shaft burrowed into her again, a little harder than before. The slow, deep fucking resumed. 

"Witch, summoner. You spoke the words. You called a lover. You called. I came for you." The monster's grip didn't change as its in-and-out pace lengthened and sped up. Her body rocked back and forth with each long withdrawal and increasingly rough slams back in. Vala realized in passing that the creature was speaking Ancient, and somehow she understood it. She had no time to winder at it as she desperately tried to argue. 

"AAnh! Uh! No! NNuh! I fffollowed the wordsssAhh!"

Understanding flashed in the yellow eyes. The demon grinned maliciously. 

"You said the words. Words call. Time opens the door. New Moon for the Realm Above, Full Moon for the Realm Below. You summoned a lover. You called a name. I am Rigamaeous. I am Pyt I am Suum. I came through the open door."

Vala's heart froze. With her newfound understanding of Ancient she realized she'd mispronounced something - more than one thing - in her incantation. Worse, she'd mistranslated the Ancient text and mistimed the ritual critically. Then the demon's revealed name triggered a memory from her lessons and the true depth of her error dawned on her and she began to struggle desperately, futilely.

"PytOh GODDESS NO! Unh! You! AANh! You're one of uUUUhhh.. IIh- Inh- Incubus!!"

"Pyt, Horu, Asno, yes. Incubus, yes. And other names." The parody of Piet's face grinned wickedly at her.

Halfheartedly Vala prayed it was a dream, knowing it wasn't. The fiend crouched over her, skin hot against hers; rock hard cock plunging into her. Heavy, full testicles slapped against the cheeks of her ass. Its terrifying, too-familiar face leered down at her. It gathered both her wrists in one of its oversized hands so the other could grope and squeeze her breasts, alternating between them, pinching each nipple in turn. Its lower pair of arms held her legs wide, keeping her obscenely open to his cruel onslaught. Its voice grated on her very soul as it pierced her over and over.

"I am summoned. I come. Virgin blood is the sacrifice. I am tasked. I take and give..." It was an avalanche of guttural sound to her, descending to meaninglessness and then silence save for the slaps of body on body as he drove into her relentlessly, the head of his cock thumping into the end of her passage with each thrust. Sometimes he would lower his monstrous head to one of her breasts and suck a nipple hard into his maw, pricking her aureoles with his needle-sharp teeth.

"...goddess... goddess... goddess... help... heeeelllp..." Vala could barely whisper her beseechings between gasps. She was exhausted from climax and struggle, mentally battered by her failure and its consequence. Her body had never fully subsided from her orgasm and still sparked with pleasure through the haze of fright and incredible fullness as the lumpy pole pistoned inside her. But when she felt the cock swell inhumanly larger, she gained a desperate strength and thrashed frantically to escape. The demon was about to cum.

"Witch summons a lover. I come. You sacrifice. I accept. Tasked, I GIVE – AAAAAARRRRRROOO OOOOUUUUUUU!!"

She could not break free. His eyes bored into hers as he growled and rammed forward one more time. Vala felt him throb deep inside her, the phallus' bumps and bulges distending oddly and randomly in her overstuffed passage. With a rumbling surge, the penis spewed into her deepest recesses. She felt heat and pressure build inside as jet after jet streamed into her. Her screams, almost too hoarse to hear by now, were drowned out by the unearthly roar from the straining demon. She could almost feel the unholy seed seeking to root within her body. The demon's pelvis pressed Vala into the concrete floor with each powerful spurt, threatening to break bones in an effort to push still deeper inside her. The ejaculations continued long after a normal man would be spent, until the pressure inside her was almost painful. 

Finally he slowed, and then stopped, still hard, still buried balls-deep. His hideous head lowered towards hers again. A long forked tongue slithered out and tasted the beads of sweat and tears on her flinching face. The tongue withdrew and the devil-face smiled openly, almost happily. This was even worse than the earlier looks. He looked at her the way she'd imagined Piet would look at her, after they made love, but twisted into something perverse and wrong. 

"Summoned I come. Tasked I give." For a moment, his fierce face was almost tender, then it hardened, and he laughed low and menacing. "But you, witch. You erred. You sought to catch a soul from the Realm Above. In error you tasked I, Incubus with your sacrifice. I fulfill my task." Then, with a look that chilled her to the bone, he rumbled almost too low to hear, "I.. will.. give.. you.. Piet.." He withdrew almost completely out of her abused sheath. But it was not the end. With an animal snarl, the demon rammed into her again, thick yellowish cum spraying out of Vala's cunt as it was displaced. The demon Pyt fucked her faster and harder than the first time, if that were possible. Vala felt herself going into shock; body going numb, consciousness rising away from the assault on her body. The brute ceased talking now and concentrated on fucking. After an unregistered period of time, he readied to cum again. This time, though, instead of slamming viciously into her plundered body, he moved slowly, pushing carefully in to the fullest. Vala's detached mind noted the misshapen organ seeming to twist inside of her. The yellow beast-eyes locked onto hers again as he tensed and came, and the first thick stream of jism brought with it sickening understanding that yanked her awareness back into her body and trapped it there.

"NNNNN NNNNOOOOOOO OOOOOOOO!!!!"

He was injecting his sperm directly into her womb! She could almost see it in her mind as well as feel it inside. By some foul magic or black art, the demon had opened her cervix, and the aberrant cockhead was now pressed right up against it, spewing its putrid seed directly into her very center. She felt the weight of it surging deep, filling her. Each gush drove her terror higher.

There was no rest when the torrent of cum finally subsided. Unbelievably, the fucking began again, just as before. Vala was beyond screams now, beyond tears. She lay passive as the red, horned figure resumed rutting her raw, violated pussy. Thrust by vicious thrust, the depleted scrotum again grew heavy and full, ripening with a new load of demon-seed. Vala felt in her very soul the creature's burning sense of purpose. There was nothing she could do about it as the column of hot flesh advanced and retreated endlessly. Suddenly it was cumming again, long and powerful, filling her belly with its thick stuff, pumping and pumping until the fucking resumed again. Though locked in the terror of her body, she was thankfully at least somewhat inured to it by now. Nothing hurt, nothing felt good. 

Sometime after the monster's fourth climax, Vala felt something slimy poke at her anus - its tail, she realized. It felt like a hot, jointless finger circling and teasing her rosebud. While she'd fantasized allot about sex, she'd never thought of anything so vile as that. She moaned in fear and automatically jerked away from the wormy digit, in so doing turning her vagina more into the always-driving cock. Her efforts provided no escape as the tail teased its way past her clenching ring muscle to writhe around just inside the most sensitive part of nether passage. It was perverted, depraved, but it sent new shocks of sensation through Vala, re-awakening her numbed body to both its pain and pleasure.

"Nooo.. Please... no more... nnnnnhhhh... Nhhh..."

Head shaking slowly side-to-side in denial, she felt herself begin to respond once more. Her mouth emitted pitiful sounds of refusal and arousal which seemed only to excite and spur the demon on, until it hunched and came yet again, driving its tail deeper into Vala's rectum with each surge of semen from its cock.

Slowly, as the infernal rape continued unabated, the skin of Vala's stomach tightened. Each outpouring cum filled her womb further, dark magic allowing it to expand it unnaturally quickly. With her body twitching against the double trespass of penis and tail, she looked down her body in a daze of dread and arousal. Her belly bulged as if pregnant. 

Pyt's stomach slapped into her growing midsection as he rammed against her. The expression on its face began to change from the epitome of dark, angry lust to growing satisfaction. After two more heated injections, Vala's girth actually began to hamper its thrusting. With a grunt and growl, the creature suddenly withdrew its phallus from her. With four arms and inhuman strength it easily flipped her body around, its flexible tail remaining deeply buried in her ass. She barely had time or sense to realize that nothing - not one drop of anything - flowed or leaked out of her during those few seconds of emptiness.

Now her knees and head rested on the slick floor, arms lying limply, not obeying commands. One pair of demon hands clamped around her hips and another pair reached around her torso to grab a breast each. The brief respite ended when the fat glans splayed her slit, then plowed into her once more. If anything, Pyt could force itself deeper into her now, and could yank her back as it lunged forward, slamming into her so hard she became disoriented. The only things she could track where the hot grip of its hands the pinching and pulling at her nipples and breasts, the pistoning of its rod and tail, the periodic surging, stretching, growing sensations in her belly, and the sexual heat rising unbidden in her body. 

At intervals, the demon's tail would pop out of her ass and slide around the thrusting cock, tickling her stretched labia and teasing her erect clit, then it would slither back and shove roughly into her rear again. She wasn't compelled to look at the alien Piet-face now, but the image in her mind twisted into new and more terrible forms with each pounding thrust. Everything began to blur into a red haze of whirling sensations from her changing, desecrated body and mind. She trembled from fear, and exhaustion, and terrible growing lust. 

With a heave, the Underbeing drew Vala upward, so that she nearly knelt upright, With two claws pulling on her breasts, her shoulders pressed against his broad smooth chest. His knees jutted forward between hers, and he now lifted her bodily and dropped/pulled her straight downward onto his shaft. Her distended belly shook with the impact at the end of each impaling plunge. She found her now-free hands drawn down to the taught, rounded flesh, her touch confirming the reality she was unable to accept. His gravelly voice, whispered to her, tense with effort and energy, 

"I give to you. Omurloia Orjiun Osservia... Pyt.. Myacor urogi cyronus... Piet..." He was not speaking to her, so she did not understand him. The words of the altered incantation continued in a strange, sinister mantra, building to what Vala felt sure to be her doom. Her body now responding on its own, melting and moving to increase its own stimulation still further. Vala found herself wishing for death, fearing far worse was actually in store.
