 "George, I didn't do anything! It was all a mistake! I didn't do anything bad, I really didn't!"

"What are you supposed to have done, Silky? I though ya'll were studying at the library."

"We were, and there was a misunderstanding. Ask Jess."

"George turned to my sister and asked, "So what's up, Jess?"

"Silky got thrown out of the library. I didn't do anything."

"Ha! You got thrown out, too. I wasn't MY fault!"

George grabbed both of us by the arm as we glared at each other, green eyes on blue.

"Jess, you tell." I glared at him, then.

"Silky was talking too much in the library, and the lady told us to quiet down a couple of times, and then she started screaming and running in the hall, so they made her leave."

"And you came home too?"

"I wanted to be sure she didn't pretend it as my fault." She poked her ugly big nose in the air with that.

"Now Silky, what happened?"

"Jess and I were studying, and she started reading 'Lady Chatterley's Lover' and showing parts of it to me. We kept giggling and getting hushed, but I was reading 'Anatomy of the Chordates,' so I'm not the one that found the dirty book. Anyway, while I was just reading –quietly – Jess whispered 'look at the size of that one!' and she was pointing at a TARANTULA about the size of a PIT BULL walking down between the stacks. So I was scared for my life, and did get a little freaked out, and yelled and ran away from the monster."

"And what did Jess do?"

"First, she shoved the old porn in my face so I would get unfocused, and then when the creature appeared she didn't say anything until it almost bit me, and then tried to stop me from escaping! She was going to let me DIE!"

"For goodness sake, Silky, it was an ordinary Wolf Spider, harmless to humans, and it wasn't going to bite you."

"Ha! Who knows what a bug thinks. And you got thrown out with me!"

"Ok, enough," said George. "This needs to be settled on the Log."

My heart sank. The log was for whippings and bondage. If we went in there I'd never finish me reading assignment. However, when you are only 5' tall, and live with two big people (Jess is 5'6" but actually she's beautiful, I was just mad when she ratted me out) those people can force you to do many things. 

I struggled bravely as they undressed me, and I got Jessie's skirt off (she never wears panties) and George's belt undone before I was completely nude.

The log is padded, with lots of tie-downs on it, and it telescopes to fit short people (me) and tall people (them).

George patted it and said, "Ok, Silky, hop on up."

I knew he was more interested in his new toy, the 'multi-fucker' than anything else, this was just an excuse. Jess strapped my arms behind my back and my legs to the sides, with my pelvis out over the end. She knows how I feel about anal, so she got a slender butt plug just for my comfort, and slobbered on it, and slid it in. 

"All comfy?" She asked as she ran her hands gently over my ass.

"Let's don't stay here all night, puh lease, I've still got to finish my reading."

"Well, baby girl, I figure the sooner everybody comes the sooner you're through." She sat on a stool at the head, and turned to offer me her nipple with the pierced ring. I love to suck on that, and she goes psychotic from the feeling.

George was naked by now, and slipping his erection up and down my slot, opening me up and getting me wet. 

As my labia swelled, he pushed his large cock head in just a little, and made short thrusts that were for no purpose except to get me focused on that friction. It worked, because I began to feel the slight stretching and contraction around his glistening and lubricated bulge, which I'm sure was by now at its usual taut solferino purple. 

Once he had me gasping and dripping, the old sly dog knew I would be cock-crazy, and I begged him to shove it in me, so he obliged. 

Jess and I measured our vaginas once, being scientific people; we pushed cucumbers in until we couldn't take any more. She can hold a penis that's 8 inches long and 6" around. I can take a hair above 7" by 5" because I'm a smaller person. Guys brag about shoving a ten inch monster into a girl... not this girl, not without a lot of blood and a gun involved. George is 7" by 5" by the way. So we're all fine. Anyway....

S

o I was getting a nice doggie fuck, really hitting the old G spot, while I sucked Jess's tit. She pulled over the high chair and spread her legs so I could do some licking as well. I love the taste of my sister! Then George pulled out, just when I was really starting to buck and hump, but does anybody care about MY orgasm? No, Ha!

He walked around and stepped to my head, so now I was licking my own juices off his swollen member. I taste pretty damn good too. Jess went behind me, and started playing with that butt plug. It drives me crazy when she does that, but I've never cum from that alone, so I figured I was just going to be used as part of some sick and twisted torture. I couldn't wait.

Sure enough, Jess fed a plastic dildo into my pussy; it's a clone of George's. Then she did something, and I heard mechanical noises and the fake meat started pumping in and out just like a man! Now I had George in my cunt and my mouth at the same time. Neat! Apparently this machine was some sort of masturbator, as it just snaked in and out without variation. 

Then Jess did something else, and it started bumping into my butt plug! It wasn't the same rhythm; the penis was slow and steady, the anal was erratic, so I didn't know when to expect it. Oh, so good! Jess got a belt and started slapping my ass every now and then, again in a random pattern. Made me completely deranged!

I started mumbling obscenities and half-formed words around George's dick, and then he exploded in my mouth. It is very difficult to swallow cum when you are face down, so I had to suck and lick hard, which distracted me for just a second from my own stimulation. That allowed me to get to a tremendous edge before going over, and I was completely insensible for a while. I give it five stars, for a machine. 

Then of course, I was expected to help let Jess try it out, but I made it ass fuck her harder than me. She liked it as well, but George wasn't interested in our attempts to plug him up and suck him while it drove. He much prefers being the fuckor to the fuckee.  

I finished my reading lying in a bed full of snoring crumpled bodies. Did anybody care that I had to stay up late? No, Ha!

The next morning I was quietly eating some toast when Jess came into the kitchen. Our house is a pretty much clothing optional place, so she was naked (She is really a nudist who is forced to wear clothes sometimes) and she hopped up on the counter and drank a glass of orange juice. I glanced at her kootch, it being at eye level, and saw pubic hair! 

Now Jess is obsessive about staying shaved, way beyond style or hygiene, she just constantly checks for pubes. I think she goes pantiless so she can be sure none creep in without her noticing. SO her having visible pubes was a strange thing.

"Jess, you give up shaving three times a day?" I asked, pointing to her crotch.

"No, silly, you know I like it smooth."

"Well, I'm lookin', and I'm seeing big black hairy ones."

"What!" She craned her neck and lifted one leg. "That's not pubic hair, Silky," and she pulled it out with a flourish, "it's my pet spider." 

George had to personally bring me in from the front yard (I was in my undies, at least) and reassure me that it was a plastic spider. I'm still not going to eat in the kitchen again for at least a week. 

And payback is Hell.