 Act One

Come On!

Location: The scene commences one dark autumn afternoon. The wind is increasing in intensity and the autumn leaves blow across the path in front of two walking, recently graduated, high school students.

Ben: "Come on!" Short pause. "What have we got to lose?"

Reggie: "Just your dignity."

The two continue walking down a grey streetscape. Ben is shaking his head.

Ben: "This is a chance of a lifetime. Just think of those four beautiful bombshells and the gym jocks don't even know they exist."

Reggie: "Ben, you're the only one that knows they exist. No-one has even seen these mythical women."

Ben: "I'm telling you there are four hot babes that have moved in. They must be nurses or doing night classes at the secretarial school in Bradford Road."

Reggie: "Ben. I'm not going to do it. I'm not sneaking around that old place just to be humiliated by some stuck up night workers."

Ben looks at Reggie almost exacerbated. Reggie looks back and shrugs his puny shoulders.

Ben: "Look we don't have to approach them. Let's just check the situation out. All you really have to lose is your virginity."

Reggie ponders that thought for a moment, his mind is clicking over.

Reggie: "Ben have you even thought of how you are going to convince these women to take notice of you. They are college fodder and we're only high school slugs."

Ben: "Yeah, I know, I know."

Reggie: "You don't seem to know that Ben."

Ben: "Yeah but that's the beauty of it all." Another short pause. "They don't know it either."

Reggie just shakes his head. He is slowly giving up his resistance.

Ben: Gives Reggie a shove to throw him off balance. "Come on?"

Reggie: "No!"

Ben: "Come on?"

Reggie: "No!"

Ben: Looking at him pleadingly. "Come on?"

Reggie: "No way!"

Ben tries a different tack.

Ben: "What's wrong? You chicken?"

Reggie: Gives Ben a stern, penetrating look. "I'm not going to dignify that with a response."

Ben: Knowing he's hit a raw nerve. Starts with the clucking noises. "Buk... Buk... Begurk"

Reggie ignores the taunt.

Ben: Ben persists. "Just come and have a look."

Reggie keeps walking as leaves are swept up in the wind in front of them. The late autumn afternoon is getting darker.

Act Two The Stately House

A beautiful old neglected Georgian house stands against a grey darkening backdrop. The two teenagers approach the stately house from the overgrown bushes

Ben: Shifting a large bush aside to get a better view of the house. "Doesn't look like anyone's home."

Reggie: "Good. Can we go home now?"

Ben: "Will you quit it Reg. This is a perfect opportunity to scope the scene of our ultimate conquests."

Reggie: "Nobody lives here."

Ben: Climbing past the obstructing bush into the back yard of the house. "Let's get a closer look."

The two boys walk around to the back of the house where they discover that the garden is overgrown.

Reggie: Nervously looking around at the overgrown bushes and weeds. "Nobody's been here for ages."

Ben: "Don't be such a pussy."

They walk through an overgrown back pathway past an archway to a building set into an embankment. It is overgrown with leaves and partially conceals a sign. As Reggie passes it, he brushes the leaves away to reveal the name on a crypt.

Reggie: "Ben this place is spooking me out."

Ben: "You're such a pussy Reggie. Get some balls."

They move to the side of the two storey house where there is a large overhanging tree and a fish pond that are next to the narrow path. On the side of the house is a creeper lattice. Ivy has overgrown on it. There is a down pipe and tree branches extending near an upper storey window. As they move to get a better view of the window, Ben steps on a piece of broken glass.

Ben: "Mmm that's strange." He looks up and scrutinises all the windows closer. "No window is broken."

Reggie: Trying to change the subject back. "Ben you may have noticed that no-one actually lives here."

Ben: "Reggie that's only a minor detail. It will be disproved in the fullness of time."

Reggie shakes his head.

As the remnant light slowly dissipates, Ben looks up at a window with a small gap in the curtains.

Reggie: "Oh no. Don't get any ideas."

Ben: He moves toward the lattice and tests out its sturdiness. He looks over to Reggie dismissively... "What are you worried about? Nobody lives here."

At that moment the two boys are surprised by the sound of feminine laughter coming from the front of the house. They both look at each other in shock. Ben's lips begin to curl in a wry smile. Reggie is beginning to panic. Both scramble for the front corner of the house. They take care not to be discovered by hiding behind one of the many overgrown bushes.

Act Three Apparitions

Two heads peer around the corner of the house concealed behind a bush. Even in the fading light they can see enough. Both their jaws drop in awe. Walking up the pathway to the house are four stunning visions.

Girl One -- Lucinda: Dressed in a scarlet, long, medieval gown. The front is tie up laces. "Come on you guys, it's getting really cold out here."

Girl Two -- Olicia: A long white dress is showing under a dark velure cape. "Yeah I could do with a really hot drink."

Girl Three -- Veronica: She is dressed in a dark purple flowing dress. Ornate detailed beige lacing decorates the waste-line and the arms. As she jovially pushes Olicia off the path. "I bet you could."

Girl Four -- Ellouise: A feminine bustle in her dark green skirt. She has a cream blouse and even darker green jacket over it. The blouse has delicate buttons on the front. "Who's got the keys?"

Olicia fumbles in her handbag. In the darkness she has trouble distinguishing the keys. The contents then spill onto the ground. Two of the other three girls laugh, however Lucinda just complains.

Lucinda: Bending down to help Olicia pick up the contents of her handbag. "Oooh, it's getting cold."

Veronica: Also squatting down to help picks up one item. "What the hell have you got in that bag?"

Olicia: Embarrassed she snatches the object from Veronica. "I'll show you later."

Veronica: "Ooh I hope so."

The other girls help Olicia pick up the rest of the contents of her bag. Ellouise also gets down to help and reaches for an item. As she picks it up it jingles.

Ellouise: "Got 'em!"

The wind is picking up strength and the weather is deteriorating. The girls then hurry to the front door and Olicia fumbles at the door lock. Eventually she opens the door and the four girls pour into the front entrance-sitting room of the old house. After they enter, from outside the tell tale sound of a light switch being flicked on is heard. However no light accompanies the noise.

Lucinda: "Great no power!"

Olicia: Reaching into her hand bag. "Don't worry I have a candle."

Lucinda turns and looks at Olicia in amazement.

Veronica: "Is there anything you don't have in that bag?"

Olicia shrugs and then Lucinda offers a light from a gold plated antique cigarette lighter. The entrance lights up in the unusually bright glow from the small candle.

Ellouise goes to the fireplace and signals Olicia to bring the candle. She takes it from her and lights up the prepared fireplace. Almost instantly the entrance room lights up in a warm inviting glow.

Outside the two boys jostle for a position to peer through the gap in a window curtain at the front of the house. Ben wins out first watch of what's going on inside. He then takes a breather and drops below the window ledge out of sight.

Ben: Smugly shoving Reggie. "Ye of little faith. I told you there were beautiful girls here."

Reggie: Still in shock. "I... I... "

Ben: Interrupting. "You can thank me later Reggie."

Reggie: Regaining some composure. "I hate to ruin this for you Ben. But they are four beautiful creatures."

Ben: Smugly replies. "And?"

Reggie: "We're just grunts."

Ben: "Ah Reggie. Beautiful, young creatures like that have needs too, you know."

Reggie: Under his breath. "Yeah muscle bound, handsome multimillionaires usually..."

Ben: Ben shaking his head slowly. "Reginald. Don't worry 'cause our charm and intelligence will prevail. Anyway let's just savour this moment whilst we're here."

Ben then raises himself to have another look at what's going on inside.

Act Four Sneaky Peek

Inside the beauties are making themselves comfortable in the front sitting room of the old house. Three of the young creatures are sitting around in the lounges in front of the open fireplace, chatting and laughing. Veronica walks in holding an antique ornate bottle filled with a deep clear crimson fluid and four intricate crystal wine glasses.

Veronica: "We'll have to rough it tonight ladies. The fire and pot belly stove are on upstairs. I've put the huge pot of water on if anyone wants to bathe."

Lucinda: "Mmm, that sounds good, but how about a glass of wine first?

Olicia: "Hey this is just like the olden days huh!"

The girls all break into laughter and Ellouise takes the bottle and glasses from Veronica. She places the glasses in a line on the coffee table that sits in the middle of the lounges. Then she pours the deep red liquor into each glass. One by one she hands the glasses out to each girl. They all take a glass and sip the wine very slowly.

Lucinda looks over at Veronica and winks at her as she takes a deep gulp. Some of the wine spills from the side of her mouth onto her cheek. She has started a challenge. Now each in turn drinks the wine in a soft sensual fashion. Each trying to "out-sexualise" the act of drinking wine.

From the far corner window the boys are continuing to take turns at witnessing this ritualistic sensual spectacle. Reggie is transfixed. He can't even feel that it's freezing cold outside.

Ben: "What's happening Reg. Info. I need input."

Reg is gob smacked.

Ben: Pulling Reggie down by the shoulder. "Get down it's my go."

Reluctantly Reg gives way to Ben.

Inside the house the sound of laughing and joking fills the entrance sitting room. Lucinda takes Ellouise's empty glass and pours some more of the deep crimson liquor into it. This time instead of handing the glass to it she carries it over to her and sidles next to Ellouise. Ellouise moves closer on the couch positioning her mouth to receive the liquor from Lucinda.

Lucinda gently pushes the glass to Ellouise's lips. She then tilts the glass slightly sideways to allow a slight spillage on the side of Ellouise's inviting mouth. The crimson fluid trickles down her cheek and slowly streams its way to the soft skin on her neck. Ellouise giggles and the other three join in. Lucinda moves even closer and with her free hand brushes back Ellouise's hair, exposing her neck even more. Lucinda then drives a piercing look at Veronica and Olicia who both take a deep breath. Lucinda then slowly places her lips onto Ellouise's cheek. Then she gently and deliberately brushes her mouth down her cheek toward her neck. As her mouth moves across Ellouise's skin the line of red disappears.

The other two are transfixed on this display. They too move closer together.

Outside the wind is strengthening. Ben just melts away from the window and Reggie struggles past him to take his place at the window.

Ben: In a dreamy hypnotised voice. "We better get out here. This is getting dangerous."

Reggie: "What are you..." Before Reggie can finish his question he now can see what's happening. "Oh!"

Reggie's eyes then widen even further.

Inside Lucinda has placed her hand over the front of her blouse. Ellouise's bosom rises in a soft deep sigh.

Veronica whispers something into Olicia's ear that makes her laugh instantly.

Olicia: Looking over toward Lucinda. "Pass me the bottle Lucy."

Lucinda reaches over to hand Olicia the bottle. Her first attempt she misses passing the bottle. They giggle at her inability to accurately pass the target. When they are eventually successful Olicia looks at the bottle with consternation.

Olicia: "It's almost empty."

Veronica: Interjects instantly. "There's another one upstairs."

Ellouise then moves over to Olicia. A sneaky smile on her face. She moves toward and snatches at the bottle.

Ellouise: "Give me the last drop."

Olicia: Fighting back. "No, its mine."

Both girls struggle for ascendency of the bottle. They move their faces closer together both pulling the ornate bottle toward their lips. The other two watch with amusement the struggle. The result over the shrieking and giggles is another spillage.

Ellouise: Caressing the spill that now adorns her elegant blouse. "Oops."

They all laugh together and Olicia notices that she too has spilled the crimson liquor over her white dress.

Olicia: Holding the bottle up. "Oh look, there's only a drop left."

Ellouise: "Hang on a second."

Ellouise reaches over to the bottle and then sidles very close to Olicia. She crushes her soft cheek against Olicia's cheek and then guides Olicia's hand with the bottle in it. The bottle is held over both their anticipating upward facing mouths. The remaining liquid trickles out, firstly over Ellouise's mouth and like a thick treacle it streams over her cheek. The fluid spills over Ellouise's dress and trickles over Olicia's face toward her inviting mouth. Ellouise guides the stream, spiralling it over Olicia's mouth so that it spills over her lips, cheek and down her to her neck. The red liquor blotting instantly on the bodice of Olicia's white dress.

Lucinda moves toward the two girls.

Lucinda: "Let me help you two."

Lucinda then takes the now empty ornate bottle and leans over the pair. She rests her mouth on Ell's cheek and begins to lick the spillage across to Olicia's lips. She stops on Olicia's cheek just in front of her ear. She then gently moves along the spillage toward her neck. Olicia eye's open widely and takes a deep breath in anticipation.

Veronica: Veronica interrupts. "Come on you guys, let's go upstairs. You need a bath.

Lucinda: Withdrawing from her kiss she holds the ornate bottle aloft. "Hey, we can play a game of spin the bottle."

The three girls giggle their acknowledgement. Slowly they get up and move toward the staircase.

Act Five "Going Upstairs"

Ben: "Shit! Shit! Shit!

Reggie: "What? What is it?

Ben: "They're moving."

Reggie: "Move over, let me have a look."

Ben shrugs his shoulders and slides slowly under the window ledge. The wind is getting bitterly cold, but still the boys don't notice it. In the distance, lightning flashes light up the sky.

Reggie: Lowering himself below the ledge and looking up to the second storey. "They're going upstairs."

Ben joins Reggie's gaze upwards. The both note a dim light growing in intensity at the back of the house. The boys make their way there. As they walk carefully past the pond Reggie makes note of the lattice. He looks up and notices that it finishes at an eve line ledge that sits just below the upstairs window ledges.

Ben: Reaching the back corner of the house, his neck bent awkwardly upwards. "There's the room."

He looks at a smaller high window that is lit up. Its size indicates that it is a bathroom window. The sounds of water splashing confirms their assessment.

Reggie: "They're in the bathroom."

Ben: "Oh to be a fly on the wall."

The boys notice that the ledge from the lattice extends around the back of the house right under the small bathroom window that is partially opened. They both follow the line of the ledge to the lattice. Then they both look at each other. Sounds of feminine laughter and water splashing convince them simultaneously. They both head to the lattice.

Reggie: Arriving at the base of the lattice. "Do you think it's safe?"

Ben: Takes hold of it and gives it a firm shake. "I think for one at a time it should be ok."

Reggie: "I'll go first."

Ben: "It's Ok I'll go."

Reggie: Reggie bumps Ben over with his shoulder. "No I insist."

Ben: In an act of desperation picks up something from the ground. "Ok. Which hand?"

He places both hands behind his back.

Reggie: Shaking his head. "I'm not falling for that one. Put them out front."

Ben slowly puts both hands out in front. Reggie is about to point to a hand when the light in the room at the top of the lattice starts to grow in intensity. They both look upwards and, a moment later, turn simultaneously to each other.

Reggie points to Ben's left hand.

Ben: Reluctantly opening the hand revealing a small stone. "Shit!"

Reggie: "Don't worry I'll get up there quick."

Ben: Sarcastically. "Look who's reluctant about this house now."

Reggie ignores Ben and slowly makes his way up the lattice. Securing one foothold at a time, Reggie's progress is uncharacteristically reckless. He misses one foothold and slips on some ivy. The entire lattice shakes momentarily, then it settles.

Ben: "Watch out, you wanna ruin this for us."

Reggie: "Don't soil yourself, I'm almost there."

He steadies himself and continues upwards. The branches from the nearby overhanging tree provide him with some assistance to regain his balance. Eventually he reaches the eave line ledge and positions himself to one side of the window with the light. Reggie looks down toward Ben. As he turns back to face the window, he notices a piece of broken glass on the ledge. The window appears in original condition. He pushes against it to confirm it's fixing.

Reggie: He says to himself. "That's strange?" Then he kicks the glass off the ledge and returns his attention back to Ben. "Ok I'm off the lattice, you can come up now."

Reggie then returns his gaze to the small gap in the window curtains.

Act Six Play Time

Through the gap in the curtain Reggie can see Veronica in a long, deep green nightdress. Her hair is wet. She places four glasses at the corners of a large thick sheepskin floor rug. Opposite the window is an open fireplace and on the mantle above the fireplace is a beautiful ornate candelabra that lights the room with a warm red glow. Veronica sits herself on the rug in the position closest to the window.

Ben finally takes his position on the narrow ledge above the lattice. He positions himself to the right of and slightly below the taller Reggie. For a moment the dull roar of approaching thunder cancels out the sound of the wind whistling through the tree branches.

Ben: "What's happening?"

Reggie: "Shush! Just watch."

Ell and Olicia enter the room. Ell is wearing a red kimono and Olicia is in a white silk slip. Both also have wet hair. They each sit at a corner position of the sheepskin rug opposite each other.

Ellouise: "Where's the wine?"

As Ell finishes the question, Lucinda wearing a long black nightdress, enters the room holding two bottles. One bottle has been opened but is nearly full. The other is the empty bottle from downstairs.

Lucinda: Waving the full bottle. "Here it is."

Lucy takes her place on the far corner of the rug. Her back is to the fire. She places the empty bottle in the middle of the sheepskin rug where there is an embossed design that isn't visible from the boy's position at the window. She opens the other bottle by pulling the cork with her teeth. She reaches over and pours the red liquor into the empty glasses. She then replaces the cork on the half full bottle and places it in the middle of the rug next to the empty bottle.

Outside at the window, frantic whispering is happening.

Reggie: "Can you hear anything they're saying?"

Ben: In a dreamy voice. "Not a thing. It's too windy out hear."

Reggie: "What? I can't hear anything."

Ben: Provides Reggie a reality check. "Reggie, who fucking cares? Just watch..."

Inside each beauty picks up their glass and simultaneously they sip the crimson drink.

Veronica then reaches over and removes the half full bottle, placing it behind her.
