 We watch and we wait.

We search your world awaiting sign of one who attracts us, calls to us, want us though they know it not.

So soon we find another. Finding you is simple, we follow the trail of your desires and thoughts like a scent in the air, the radiance of your mind and unbidden thoughts like a nectar to us pulling us in.

As quick as a thought we make our way to you and begin your preparation.

Day 1

I am watching you sleep. You're restless and tossing about as I lay beside you in your bed. I trace a finger down your cheek, a smile as you turn away from the heat of my finger. A gentle breath in your ear startles you awake and I chuckle softly as you look about in the dark. My head is on your pillow as you fall back into a restless sleep, a cold shudder you cannot explain as you look unknowingly into my eyes. My hand passes through the sheets and I stroke your cock gently, feeling it swell with my touch. I wrap my hand about it, slowly pumping it, you're moving with me, your hips pumping in motion with my hand. I feel your desire build quickly and you try to awake and relieve the pressure. But you will not find any release. Not until we are ready for you.

You wake tired and sore in the morning, feeling as if you have not slept at all. As you stumble through the morning I follow. In the shower you are confused by my caresses of your balls, the random pinches and no matter how you try you cannot relieve the pressure building within you.

At work we are both with you, my chill sister watching from a distance as I hover around you. You are confused as your female coworkers look at you differently, flirtatious and friendly. Their longing gazes both confuse you and excite you. Of course you don't see us, playing with their minds and teasing their bodies when you are near. Some gazes are loving and passionate, these are my playthings. Others scare you with their intensity and hatred mixed with fierce desire. A chill seems to surround them that attracts and repels you. And still your desire builds.

Now it's night. Following a day of frustrated passion you are watching a video in bed trying to ease the pressure and desire growing within you. We are there as you stroke and fondle, a slip of the tongue on your cock, you are convinced your balls are receiving a tight icy massage yet nothing sets you free. Finally we grow bored and you drift into a restless sleep.

Day 2

You awake filled with desire. I lay with you throughout the night, toying with you while you sleep, licking your raging member, sliding my nipple in your mouth and grinding upon you. My sister watches throughout, her rage and desire building as I stoke the flames. In the morning you feel an odd chill in the air that seems to fill your home. You find yourself hurrying to leave as the feeling of pressure builds, matching the raging desire you are feeling.

Throughout the day you find the looks and conversations of your coworkers increasingly distracting. I hover about you, making them jump with pinched nipples, sliding up the legs of your boss during a meeting, licking her slit while she looks at you. As your desire grows you're constantly swollen now, trying to hide it while your coworkers try to touch you not knowing why.

That night you go out, trying to avoid the chill pressure in your home. We both follow you, touching you, touching your friends igniting passion in those around you, and driving you mad with the buildup of your painful desire. My sister's influence grows and the girls are increasingly aggressive, I ignite them and she drives them on with passion. 

You meet a girl. I tease her mind building her passion match your own. You go back to her place and attempt to mate. You tear off each other's clothes and she licks your cock, not feeling me on the other side, stroking and licking in time with her. As she mounts you I lick her nipples and she screams with one orgasm after another, but still no release for you my prey. The night ends with her happy and exhausted, you leave with a swollen aching member, tight balls throbbing in time with my grasp.

Day 3

Today is even worse for you. Your call in sick for work but find yourself desperate to get out of the house, the chill pressure seeming to grow stronger, oppressive, building passion yet no matter what you try you will not get relief.

Everywhere you go, women and men stare at you with undisguised lust. In the mall two women approach you and grab your balls laughing. I am as close to joy as I ever get, stroking desire in those around you and fanning the flames of your own. The vortex of passion that surrounds you increases the power of my sister and I building upon our control of you. Soon, oh so soon prey you will be ours.

You flee home, better to face the oppressive chill than the heated desire around you. Again you try to relieve the pressure, stroking your cock madly while I take it in my hot mouth. In the dark you startle thinking you see someone in the room with you, pausing your stroking even though I keep it in my mouth, teasing it with my tongue. A cold hand scratching your back makes you turn, you blink thinking again you see something. No, not yet, but you will see us soon.

Finally we let you sleep for a time, although you will not rest. My ghostly form rides you in the night, stoking your desire. Finally my sister is ready.

Day 4

The day begins quiet for you. The chill is gone in your home although the desire rages within you still. You're in the shower trying to relieve the pressure and although I watch, filling your head with visions of horrible passion, I don't touch you now. Not yet.

You give up trying to pleasure yourself and get out, moving to your room. I follow along lying on the bed idly stroking my slit while I watch you dress, waiting. 

You walking into your living room and you have noticed changes. You pause at the door as I walk behind you and brush your back. You spin expecting to see an intruder, seeing an odd shadow and recoil as you feel a hot kiss on your lips. You step back into the room and I follow you to your couch. You're looking about as you feel my hands on your arms, your torso, feeling me move you effortlessly.

You land hard and I sit beside you. In the morning light you see barely a shimmer, you would not even notice me except you feel a hand on your chest while fingers toy your hair. I see you staring at me, noticing for the first time the faint red shade of my eyes in the air. You try to speak, to cry out, a hot finger on your lips silences your words.

Holding you by your hair I kiss your lips, move down your neck planting hot kisses, gentle nips that make you jump. You try to pull away and look about again wildly at the whispery chuckle in your ear. I swing my leg over your hips and settle my weight upon you, pinning you to the couch as I continue to kiss you, my nails dragging down your chest. A twitch of my hands tear your shirt in half as you feel waves of heat as I run my hands over you. Your cock is so swollen now I grind against it through your pants. 

I shift my position and your pants shred, exposing your throbbing cock just for us. Trying still to cry out, I flick you from the couch to the floor. You land roughly but I am there before you can move away, painfully fiery hand rubbing your cock against your belly. As terrified as you are, you arch your back with the pleasure I am allowing you to finally feel. I look in your eyes as your head rocks, further igniting your passion. I roll on top of you, dragging my hot body down your torso until your cock is between my breasts, I move up and down, the heat of my body penetrating you until you feel about to explode. I move lower, rub my cheek and pull my hair over you, then move back up licking your member.

I am laying on top of you, whispers in your ear and slide back teasing you at the edge of penetrating me. My heat causes you to gasp but you are powerless under me. I slide up and down, my body dragging against yours, less gentle bites to your neck and barely heard whispers as I slowly ride you. 

The chill is suddenly sharper. You feel the pressure crushing you and an icy hand grips your hair as I ride you, pulling your head back sharply and lips cold as death strike yours. You try to pull away and your head raps on the floor while you hear a coarse growl.

You are pulled sitting upright as I slide off and wrap around you, holding your body tight. You feel icy thighs straddle you and try to cry out as my sister positions herself over your cock and takes it within her. The days of torment and sudden embrace almost makes you pass out from the intense sensation and you almost explode right away. But my sister has been watching you for days, your building need matching her cold rage and you will not find release until she is ready. 

She rocks her hips on you, fingers digging into your shoulders. I am biting your ear and whispering watching her come nearer, so close to her needed release.

Her hips rock faster, driving you deeper than you ever thought possible. The frigid embrace chills you painfully but your cock is harder and the pressure is building so quickly. I lick your neck while holding your head, my hot breasts on your back a stark contrast to my sister's deathlike chill. With an eerie drawn out growl she orgasms, blood drawn from your shoulders under her hands as you finally explode, the days of pent desire causing you to fight to stay awake. My sister sets free a silent howl, her head rocking back, her body tight against you she draws in everything you have, leaving you limp laying against me.

Finally she is finished. With a look of hatred she eases off you and steps back, turns away and fades, leaving you with me. I lean you back on the floor, feeling the chill of my beloved sisters embrace upon you. 

A passing feeling, some might call it pity, passes through me. I brush your cock causing it to swell again despite being drained and lay on top of you. The heat of my body draws out the chill of my sister and I take you in me, moving slowly. Gentle kisses ease the ice in your lips as my body warms your cock and body. 

As I look in your unseeing eyes I take my final pleasure, giving you the strength to recover over the next few days. With a shudder and a final kiss, I fade.