 The adult Halloween Bash at the Ethan's family farm was quite an extravaganza of sexual themes, references, and fetishes. Lusty partygoers were dressed in costumes ranging from skimpy playboy-type styles to impressive cosplay. Katrina nervously fiddled with the red suspenders that held her tight jeans up. She wore a lumberjack costume and carried a fake ax, more for her own security amongst the lusty crowd than as a prop for her costume. The air was warm, so many women her age comfortably dressed in minimal clothing. Katrina couldn't help but to check people out at the party. 

The instructions her mistress gave her were clear; come alone and find her in the maze. Katrina decided to stall for a bit before entering the dark maze, downing two monster-themed shots. 

When she found herself at the entrance of the maze, she took a deep breath. Many people were in groups and looked scary and sexy as hell. She did not like being alone.

The maze was full of twists and turns, with only one entrance and one exit. The exit was next to the entrance, and when she glanced over to a group exiting the maze, she saw one person who had fainted somehow being carried by her friends. Another had wet pants, but he didn't seem very embarrassed. She was not reassured. The maze's employees consisted of highly paid, consenting actors, fetishists, prostitutes, and other enthusiasts. They could not touch you unless you allowed them by raising your hands. Also, sex toys were being handed out within the maze; an adult trick-or-treat. Flashlights were not allowed. Katrina took a tentative step forward. She walked into the maze and took a left. The comforting lights of the party had now disappeared and she was left alone in the darkness. A right, then another left. She regretted drawing a map for herself. Then she found the first display.

A bald man was laughing madly in a lab coat at a large switchboard. Strapped to a hospital bed, a woman in a ripped paper medical dress was screaming and arching her back. Clamps were attached to her bare nipples, which were twitching from what seemed to be strong electrical currents. The man slowly turned toward her, revealing bloodshot eyes and crooked teeth. He winked at Katrina and slowly turned a dial as far as it seemed to go. The woman screamed until she collapsed, losing consciousness. The man grinned wickedly, unclamping one of her nipple clamps and beckoning to Katrina. 

"You're next," he cackled, and began walking toward Katrina.

Katrina ran as quickly as her high-heeled boots allowed back into the maze. She heard the woman screaming again as she left. This assured her some, to know that the woman was not actually electrocuted to death. 

The next scene referenced Phantom of the Opera. Organ music blared through unseen speakers. The Phantom wore his white mask over his face. The bulge of trousers proved a very large boner. Several large, impressive candelabras stood around the scene, holding real flickering candles. Playing Christina, a voluptuous woman wore a sheer slip of a dress that revealed much of her legs and cleavage. She was lassoed and tied to a bundle of the cornstalks so that she could not escape. The Phantom held a candle in one hand, trailing wax over her the sheer material. But instead of screaming, Christina sang in a beautiful, operatic voice, singing higher and higher as he dripped the wax over her fair skin. 

"Sing for me!" He shouted in a strong, bass voice. The Phantom caressed her arm with his other hand, and he moved his face close to hers, almost touching her forehead with his. And they began a breathtaking duet, voices swelling and harmonizing. The Phantom then offered Katrina a candle to take from a basket next to a candelabra. Katrina thanked him, and continued into the maze.

A left and another left led her to a dead end. There, she witnessed a female vampire dressed in a cape and a gothic dress backing a terrified-looking man up against the corn. She then pounced on him, pulling his trousers down and then going in for a bite..on his cock. She turned around with blood on her lips towards Katrina. Katrina could see that there were two bite marks and blood dripping from right over the man's erect cock. The vampiress then snarled and tackled the bewildered man. She sat on his chest and then began to suck and bite his cock, this time not drawing blood. The man howled and struggled, but the vampire seemed to hold him down with supernatural strength. She took his erection deep into her throat and began to bob her head back and forth at an impossible speed. Katrina, transfixed for a moment, moved on further into the maze. 

A woman was spread-eagled to a table, and a man in a construction worker's outfit stood over her. There was an array of power tools, but all with a sexual purpose. He held a drill with a huge, 10-inch dildo on it with vertical ridges running down it. He looked over at Katsa, then turned on the drill. It whirred loudly, spinning the dildo at an inhuman speed. The woman on the table was blindfolded and lacked underwear, her pink pussy vulnerable to the drill. She screamed, "No, not again!"

The man laughed a hardy laugh and plunged the dildo gradually into her pussy, letting the drill spin without mercy. 

"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh," vocalized the tied woman. The drill spun endlessly inside her pussy, and the construction worker started to pump it in and out repeatedly of her pussy. The woman struggled against her bonds, but the man persisted. Soon, she came a loud orgasm, but the man would not remove the drill. It only spun within her, no doubt stimulating her g-spot with the ridges on the dildo. Orgasms repeatedly hit the woman, and finally the man removed the drill. The woman became limp on the table. An eager, suggestive grin spread on the face of the man towards Katrina, but she ran in to the maze again. 

Suddenly, a giant, surely a man on stilts, appeared behind Katrina. An an impossibly long, 20-inch dildo was protruding out through his pants zipper. Katrina started running, the man in stilts chased after her. 

Suddenly, hands pulled her through a small passageway in the maze. The giant ran past her and his footsteps faded. 

"Took you a while," chastised a seductive female voice. It was her mistress. Hands closed around her throad, and Katrina gasped and fought for air. Surely her mistress wouldn't kill her, right? Katrina's vision faded into black.

When she woke up with her arms were extended straight out on the sides of her body. Her oversized flannel shirt was attached to her arms and a bar that went inside her sleeves, keeping her arms outstretched. Her shirt was unbuttoned, exposing her bare breasts. They stood up to the breeze. She had not worn a bra. Her jeans were missing, and her thin underwear was the only thing that covered her bare pussy. Her legs were spread apart with a 3-foot spreader bar, which was bolted to the ground so that she couldn't walk away. On top of that, she felt a weight on her head; a straw hat. She resembled a slutty scarecrow without pants and spread legs.

"The purpose of scarecrows is to scare predators away from precious crops. However, you only seem to attract predators.." said her Mistress. 

Katrina strained against her shirt, but the fabric was strong. She opened her eyes to see her Mistress' eyes right in front of her face. Her Mistress then kissed her deeply, massaging her breasts with her cold hands. Katrina closed her eyes again and accepted it, opening her mouth to her Mistress' tongue. Then she felt a bite on her lip. 

A 7 foot werewolf stood behind her mistress, wearing an 8 inch, black strap-on dildo over the costume. Her mistress broke the kiss and slipped Katrina's underwear to the side. "Will you take what I am about to give you?" She asked.

Katrina paused. It had been a terrifying night. There was a slap to her face. "Yes, Mistress," she replied. And then she saw the werewolf. The only human skin visible underneath the costume were dark, strong-looking hands. The werewolf stepped foward. Mistress nodded at the creature, and it then positioned itself underneath Katrina's dripping pussy. And then it started pounding her. Each stroke was in a different direction, stimulating Katrina's pussy. She started to moan. This was intense, weird, and terrifying all at the same time. The werewolf grabbed the stick holding Katrina's arms for extra support, stepping closer so that Katrina's breasts were lost in the soft fur of the costume. She gasped in surprise. The dildo seemed to penetrate her at an inhuman speed, driving her almost to climax, but the lack of clitoral stimulation kept her from orgasm.

"Please..touch my clit.." she begged as the werewolf snarled and grunted in effort. A minute passed. Then two. Then three.

Her mistress stopped the werewolf. She then walked around behind Katrina and whispered in to her ear, "Will you regret it?"

Katrina needed to cum so badly. "No," she desperately panted. And then she felt vibrations pressed against her clit. Her mistress must have been carrying a vibrating wand and caught her by surprise. She felt vibrations deeply, through her clit and up her vagina, throughout her whole nether area. She sighed, so close to orgasm. But then the werewolf stepped back towards her. He inserted his cock and started drilling away again while her Mistress held the vibrator against her sensitive clit. 

Some people walked by, staring at the scene. Katrina felt ashamed but excited at the same time, though she never thought herself to be a voyeur. And that was her last thought before her orgasm hit.

Her center exploded, and her whole body shook. She cried out as her whole body spasmed, sending shivers quaking through her bones. The vibrations ceased. But the werewolf did not stop. It kept pumping the dildo in and out of her, building her up to a second orgasm. Katrina did not know if she could stand this. Then she felt nipple clamps placed on her breasts, and she noticed that wires were attached to them. Then her nipples started to tingle. 

The man in the lab coat must be putting electricity on her! She was completely helpless. But the current felt good; if it went up one more notch, she knew it would hurt, but thank goodness it was kept on a low setting. Hot wax dripped down her leg. What was this? What was next? She looked down to see the Phantom. He winked at her. Her mistress did have a lot to do with setting up this..was she going to make them all fuck her? Then she heard a drill turn on. The werewolf stepped to one side. And a dildo entered her, twisting without mercy, almost instantly bringing her to climax. But the drill did not cease through her second or third climax of the night. It consistently turned and turned inside of her, and she then felt the vibration back against her clit. Lips bit and kissed her neck; the sensations were so overwhelming. The drill turned, electricity flowed, the vibrator hummed, and hot wax was flowing down the back of her legs. She shuddered with orgasm after orgasm, until she blacked out.

The next morning, she opened her eyes. She was still secured, but there was no one in sight. A crow cawed.