 This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Spirited (MF, HF, F-solo, 1st, anal, best, cons, inc, magic, oral, parody, impreg, reluc)

by Krosis of the Collective

---

18-year-old Heather fumed in the back seat of her parents' car. This had been their second day of traveling across the American Midwest, heading to their new home, and she was bored stiff. Even worse, it seemed that her dad had gotten them lost trying to find the world's largest ball of twine or something.

"I think it's just around the bend," he said for what she estimated was the dozenth time in the last hour. Heather sighed.

The dirt road they had been following ended at an old wooden passenger bridge. There looked to be a small town on the other side, though it was difficult to make out details in the summer haze. Her dad parked the car to the side of the bridge entrance and he, his wife, and Heather got out to stretch their legs.

"I'm just going to have a look on the other side," her dad said, and Heather's mom followed him as he started across the bridge.

"Hey!" Heather called after them. She didn't like this place, and didn't want to leave the car. Finally, after they got about halfway across the bridge she hurried to join them.

Across the bridge was an old-timey Western town with a dirt street, wooden sidewalks and old wooden buildings. However, there seemed to be no one around.

"Hellooo..." Heather's mom called out. The susurrus of the wind was the only reply.

They looked in a couple of shops. Still no one. Then Heather's dad stopped, pointing a building out to his wife. Heather's mom called to her, "Oh, Heather, go have a look around town, will you? Your dad and I will be checking out this store for a few minutes."

Heather gave the store a glance but it looked weird inside, with mannequins wearing tight-fitting leather clothing and feather boas. There were also whips on the walls. She had no interest in that, and so kept walking up the street as her mother suggested.

Her mother and father entered the old Western sex shop and perused the wares with interest. Leather chaps, whips, and...

"Hey, check this out!" Heather's dad said.

Heather's mom had a look. There was a small alcove with a small hole at about hip height in the wall and handles around it. Looking through the hole she could see another room. With a little searching they found the other side of that hole through another door.

Heather's dad gave his wife a wink. "Shall we?"

---

Heather ambled up the street, then turned and walked through swinging doors into what seemed to be a saloon, but again there was no one around. She sat down for a while at the piano and plinked some keys. After a few minutes she left and continued up the street.

---

"Ready?" Heather's dad called from the other side.

Heather's mom had pulled her shorts down and was waiting. "Yep!" she called back.

Heather's dad, similarly de-pantsed, pushed his hard cock through the hole in the wall. Immediately he felt a mouth surrounding it, sucking.

In the dark alcove, Heather's mom saw something poke through the hole and she turned around to guide it into her wet pussy. As she backed up onto it, she wondered only for a moment why her husband's cock felt different than normal, but as it started to thrust into her all rational thought disappeared from her mind.

---

Heather was almost at the end of the street when she noticed the stately manor. Oil gas lamps started to light around the property and she realized that it was getting dark, but hadn't it just been early afternoon?

A white stallion trotted around the side of the building, slowing as it spied her. She stared at it, agape. It was so beautiful! It approached her tentatively. She reached out her hand and it sniffed her. Visibly relaxing, it came forward and she caressed its nose.

Then a chill wind picked up, hitting her back. She turned and noticed that the street was almost dark now.

"You have to get out of here!" a voice said from behind her.

She turned and there was a Native American boy about her age standing there, wearing clothing that looked right out of an old Western movie, right down to the headband and moccasins. Where did the horse go? "Where did you come from?" she asked.

He repeated, "Go! Now!"

He was so serious and his tone so insistent that Heather turned and ran. She rushed into the weird shop that her parents had gone into but she didn't see them. She heard grunting around the corner.

There she found a monster, a horrendous caricature of a woman with no eyes or nose...just a huge slavering mouth, drooling as it slammed its naked backside against the wall again and again. "Uh...uh...uh..." it grunted, over and over.

Heather screamed and ran out of the shop. Other gas lamps were lit along the street now, and it was very dark. She ran toward the foot bridge...maybe her parents had gone back to the car?

The bridge was gone, and the ravine it had traversed was too deep to cross without it. She could hear the rush of a raging river below. Where had the bridge gone?

"Too late."

Heather turned and the boy was there again, looking sad.

"What's going on?" she cried. Looking further up the street, she noticed movement. Were there other people now?

"Quickly...this way," the boy said, pulling her into a space between two buildings. He was very strong, and this close she also realized he was kind of cute, and smelled nice.

He took her wrist and held her hand up between them. She could see him through it, as if she wasn't fully there!

"What...what...?" she stammered.

"You need spirit essence," he replied. "You have to trust me...kneel down and close your eyes."

"I will not!" she retorted. She was young but not naive.

He showed her her hand again. It seemed even more ephemeral! "You will fade away to nothing if you don't do what I say."

She got down on her knees in the dirt and closed her eyes. She felt sick, like when you know you're about to throw up, but nothing seemed to be coming up. She could hear the boy doing something...she heard a regular, repetitive slapping pattern. She was about to open her eyes, when...

"Open your mouth!"

She did so without thinking and a hot wetness splashed into her mouth.

"You have to swallow! Do it or you're finished!"

She opened her eyes to see the boy's cock pointed between her lips, blasting his cum onto her tongue. Feeling faint, she gave up and swallowed, as commanded.

She instantly felt better. The last few spurts hit her lips and she used her tongue to gather and swallow that as well. She had never tasted semen before...it was salty!

She looked at her hand and it was opaque again. His cum did that?

He pulled his pants back up and held out his hand, helping her to her feet. "You're trapped here now...I'm sorry," he said. "Come with me."

Heather followed the boy, who introduced himself as Johano, around the back of the manor house and to the stable there. He hid her under some straw and told her that he would be back later, as he had duties to perform. She stayed there, trusting him, and cried herself to sleep.

---

When she woke Johano had not returned but it was light out. She went around the back of the buildings, keeping to the shadows, looking at the strange people as they went about their day.

There was a being that seemed to be half man, half horse -- a centaur, she remembered from her mythology -- trotting up the street. There was also a dark blotch of...something...resembling three dogs glued together going the other way. What was this place?

A hand touched her shoulder and she almost screeched. It was Johano, motioning her to be silent. They returned to the stable.

"What is this place?" she asked him. "Where are my parents?"

He looked dour. "Your parents were captured by trapper spirits, employed by the lady of the manor. They have been transformed and become beasts in her menagerie."

She looked horrified. "Then...that creature I saw in the shop...was my mother?" She recalled now that, even though there had only been a huge mouth on her face, the creature had her mother's hair.

"Yes. You are now trapped in the spirit world. As an untransformed living being, you will need to absorb spirit essence regularly so that you do not fade away."

She put on a sour face. "You mean I need to swallow your...um..."

He shook his head. "Your digestive processes break the essence down too quickly. You will need to use another method to absorb it more effectively."

She looked at him, horrified. "You mean...?"

"Look at your hand."

She did. It was fading again.

"Remove your clothing." Johano was already doing likewise.

She stared at her hand for only a moment more before she started taking her clothes off. "I've...I've never..."

Johano gave her a reassuring smile. "I will be gentle." Then he pushed her back onto the straw and moved his mouth down between her thighs.

"Oh!" Heather gasped at her first experience with cunnilingus.

Johano seemed to be pretty knowledgeable for a teenager, and she was soon gasping in pleasure. Then he moved up her body and she felt insistent pressure between her legs. She tensed up, but the boy had done a good job down there and she felt him making headway.

"Oh!" she gasped.

Then he paused, pushed hard, and she felt a sharp pain down there.

"Ahh!" she cried out.

Johano held himself still so she could get accustomed to his invading member, though he was only halfway inside her. Then she looked at her hand again...she was fading fast!

"Quickly..." she urged him, and he started to move inside her.

The pain faded to a burning sensation deep inside her. Then it began to feel almost pleasurable, and then...

"Unghh..." Johano moaned, and Heather felt a throbbing deep inside her. She instantly felt better, not realizing through the haze of pleasurable sex that she had been feeling sick again.

Johano carefully extracted his cock from her previously virginal insides. He used the head of it to push a couple of rivulets of cum that were trickling out of her vagina back inside.

Heather suddenly realized the danger she was in. "I could get pregnant!" she whined.

"No, I am a spirit. I do not live, and therefore do not produce living sperm." He was pulling his pants back up, looking an awful lot like a living young man.

"Really?" She was hopeful.

His smile told her everything she needed to know.

---

Heather found that she didn't need to eat in the spirit world, though she would have to have sex with the boy at least once a day. She started to enjoy it, so she convinced him to do it with her a couple more times that day.

After another night of this he came to her in the morning, saying, "The lady of the manor is sending me on a mission. I will be away for several days and you cannot accompany me. I am afraid you will need to apply for a job at the manor and to obtain essence from the staff and clientele as necessary. I am sorry."

Heather was beside herself. She had to have sex with other people, now that she was just getting used to doing it with him? Johano apologized again, but had to leave. She kissed him goodbye, which seemed to surprise him. He rounded the house and was gone. She heard receding hoofbeats.

She approached the back door. Maybe she could assist the cook with kitchen prep? Then she realized that if she didn't need to eat then most likely nobody else here did. She knocked.

The door opened. "Who are you?" asked a pretty young woman with dark hair.

"Um, I'm Heather..." she replied, "I need a job."

---

The young woman escorted Heather up the main staircase and then up a side stairwell to the top floor. There she stayed behind, motioning Heather to go to the ornate double doors at the far end of the hall. Heather knocked.

"Come in!" said an authoritative female voice.

Heather entered carefully. Facing away from her was a tall, full-figured older woman behind a desk. The woman turned, revealing handsome features and a large chest within her tight blouse.

"You want a job, eh?" The woman had an appraising gaze.

"I...yes, ma'am..."

The woman gestured, and a massage table flipped out from a side wall. "You will address me as Lady. Show me how good you are with your hands." The woman removed her blouse, revealing large, pale breasts that made Heather jealous, and lay face down on the table.

Heather had learned to massage her mother's shoulders years ago. She started there.

"Hm, not bad, dearie," the lady murmured.

Heather continued to work, moving down the woman's pale back until she got close to the belt of her skirt, and then she moved back up, focusing on the shoulder blades.

The lady turned over. "Well?" she said when Heather paused.

Heather started from the shoulders again, moving down and to the sides of those large breasts. Then she moved down to the woman's stomach and did as much as she could for those muscles. All that was left was...

"Get right in there, dearie."

Taking a deep breath, Heather took a hold of those huge boobs and massaged them. The lady's eyes closed, a small smile playing on her lips.

When Heather was done massaging the lady's breasts she looked down the table. The lady had removed her skirt while Heather was distracted, but...

There was a hard cock protruding from the lady's groin! Heather stepped back.

"Keep working!" the lady commanded.

Heather hesitated only a moment and then started to massage the lady's legs, keeping an eye on that bobbing penis as if it was a venomous snake. After a few minutes she finished massaging the lady's legs and feet.

"Time for the happy ending," said the lady with a smile.

Just then Heather started to feel faint and sick. It was happening again! She needed spirit essence! She grabbed the lady's cock and put it into her mouth, licking and sucking.

"Hmm...not very good at that, are you? Climb on top and take care of it the natural way," urged the lady.

Heather moved to the side, examining the woman's masculine-looking testicles. "Um...Lady...may I ask, are you a spirit?"

The woman laughed. "Doubly so! Afraid I'm going to put a bun in your oven, girlie? Well, we spirits only look alive...our sexual physicality is only shadows...or memory, depending on the spirit."

Sighing, Heather removed her shorts and underwear and clambered onto the massage table. She didn't want to see the older woman's face for this, so turned toward her feet instead. She reached down and directed the lady's penis to her recently deflowered pussy. The cock was only a little larger than Johano's so she was able to get the tip in with relative ease. Then she pushed down and realized that her pussy was very wet. The massage had actually been quite the turn-on for her, and so she was able to get all of the lady's cock inside her without much trouble.

She heard the lady moan in pleasure and Heather took a moment to get used to the fullness inside her. Then she started to feel sick again and realized that she had to move quickly. She got into a squatting position and started to lift and drop as fast as she could onto that cock. She didn't want to fade away!

Faster, faster...her leg muscles were starting to rebel; they weren't used to this. She looked down at the lady's balls and gave them a tickle and a small squeeze.

"Oh shit!" the lady exclaimed, and Heather felt the cock throb inside her.

She continued to slam her pussy down onto that ejaculating dick, urging as much of the woman's essence to go inside her as possible. Soon she was exhausted, and sank forward. "Urghh..." she gurgled.

---

Avanyu, the girl that had let her into the house, was called to set Heather up with a cot and proper clothes as an employee of the manor, which was actually a massage parlor. She was given an old timey Western dress with a corset, except the skirt had snaps so it could be quickly removed, and no underwear. Classy.

Heather liked Avanyu, who revealed that she used to be living person 150 years ago but when she died she came to the manor instead of going on to the afterlife. She wasn't sure why that had happened, but she had made the most of it.

---

Heather's first client seemed to be a large, green hairy ape. He was very intimidating, but wasn't violent so she ushered him into her private massage room and started on his back (the massage table seemed to automatically adjust to the client's size). He didn't smell like a wild animal, which helped. His muscles were tremendous, so she had trouble digging into them, but he grunted in approval.

When he turned over his massive cock was ready. "There's no way I can handle that...the natural way," she told him.

He looked sympathetic but pointed to it anyway. She took a hold of it and started to masturbate him with both hands. The gorilla lay back with a sigh.

It had been a few hours since her last batch of essence. She wasn't feeling sick yet, but figured it would be best to make sure this gorilla's load got inside her. She was getting turned on, but not enough for intercourse with that monster dick! When the gorilla started to grunt she swallowed the head and sucked as much as she could down her throat. Then there was even more and she couldn't keep it all in her mouth. When she was done swallowing she gasped for air and realized that her hands were coated in the stuff, which was also green. She pulled her skirt up to push as much of the warm cum as she could into her vagina.

---

"I hear you did well with the gorilla," Avanyu whispered to her from the next cot after they went to bed. "I think the lady was testing you."

"Oh," Heather replied. Then she had a thought. "Avanyu? Can you get me into the menagerie?"

"You want to fuck one of those things? You could get hurt."

"What? Oh, no! I was told my mom and dad are in there."

"Oh Heather! I'm so sorry. We'll go at first light."

Heather tried to sleep but started to cry. She tried to be quiet but soon Avanyu was climbing into bed with her, holding her as she wept. It took some time but eventually both of them fell asleep.

---

Avanyu woke her early, as promised. They crept through the house and down into a dungeon level that Heather hadn't seen before. There was the faint smell of hay and feces.

There were cells lining the walls of the hall. Heather looked into each with the light of the lantern Avanyu had brought. There were many fuckbeasts, as Avanyu called them, and the light wasn't very powerful, but she found what had become of her mother alone in one of the cells, her clothes long gone. The mouth that took up her entire face whimpered...her intelligence had obviously been suppressed.

"I'll get you out of here, Mom," Heather promised, "And Dad too, when I find him." Where was her dad?

---

"Attention staff!"

All of the staff gathered in the main hall. The lady was at the top of the foyer stairs, looking down at them.

"All here? Good. I have been informed that Cockless has been hanging around. He causes nothing but trouble, so under no circumstances are you to let him into the building! Got it? Good." Then she turned back to her office.

"Who's Cockless?" Heather asked Avanyu.

"A chaos spirit, shaped like a man, but look for a cock and you won't find one," Avanyu replied matter-of-factly.
