 Author's note : First, I hope you enjoy reading this. I'm very interested in any feedback anyone has for me so please leave a comment or get in touch with any thoughts you have on what is good and what could be done better. All votes and comments are much appreciated.

Author's Note II : I have recently begun scribbling some stories again and in advance of submitting new material I've been revising all my previous stories. If anyone notices the difference in this story I hope they like it and leave a comment or send me a note to tell me about it but if by chance anyone misses the previous version, get in touch and I can get you a copy of the original. Many thanks to the wonderful kjplotts for editing this for me!

*

"Is that man supposed to look like that?"

Morden moved aside so his chief torturer could peer through the iron bars of the cell door. She threw back her head and laughed.

"Ah yes," she said. "That's one of my special projects. Just for my personal amusement. Don't worry, I made sure he had no potential use before I began his... conditioning."

Morden kept his face carefully blank and continued his inspection.

Katarina had what from one perspective could be called a gift and from another might be described as a mental problem. Morden had found her in one of his enemy's prisons and instantly seen the role she could serve. Her skill at extracting information, bending prisoners' wills to serve the kingdom and general sadism was extraordinary. In return she only asked for a few of the prisoners to be given to her as playthings.

The floor of the tunnel was covered in filth of uncertain origin. Morden knew she had arranged this deliberately, as this level of the castle was pristine when he gave her it to create her dungeon.

They walked past more cells, saw more men and women in various forms of agony and despair. Some screamed, some could only moan out something that was fast approaching a death rattle. Beyond the last cell the corridor opened out. The floor in the centre of the room had been lowered into an oval.

"This is my favourite torment," she said.

A banquet was set on a table. Half a dozen malnourished prisoners huddled at the edges of the ring. Between them two demon hounds were chained to the table. They were visions of hell itself, with raw red flesh that hung loosely from their bodies and eyes filled with fire.

"This group has only been there for a few days," she said. "It will be a week before the hunger gets too much and the first one tries to get to the food."

Morden looked down at the miserable souls in front of him.

"After that the fun really begins," she continued.

Morden noticed her hand had slid between her legs as she spoke. Katarina never wore clothes while in her lair.

"Once they have seen what happens, they will begin to fight among themselves. When the hunger gets too much to bear, they will try sacrificing one another to give themselves time to raid the table. And after that fails, they will start to consider feasting on each other."

"I trust you have taken precautions with those demons," he said.

"Yes of course," she replied. "The hounds don't have any real mind of their own but they are completely bound to that area and are contracted not to harm anyone in your service."

Morden nodded absently. He was going to have to get rid of her if she got any worse than this; as useful as she was, she was getting too erratic to safely keep around. The war would be over in the coming months and after that, it would be easier to get rid of her.

A young lieutenant in his army bustled into the room and abruptly came to a halt as he saw the bizarre scene. Morden looked at him expectantly.

"My liege," he said gleefully. "We have captured them."

* * *

The heavy iron door slammed behind Morden as he strode into the dungeon. The years of conflict had been worthwhile just for this moment.

The stone-walled room was windowless. Light was provided by torches in brackets lining the walls. It lay at the deepest level of his castle, several hundred feet below the ground. Iron had been painstakingly latticed across every surface to create a perfect magical vacuum. The perfect prison for a beaten warlock.

Morden surveyed his fallen rival with satisfaction.

"You should have taken my offer years ago, Pavon. Now look what you have brought upon yourself."

Pavon, shackled to the wall with heavy manacles, ignored him.

"I'm glad they caught you alive though. I wouldn't want you to miss the consummation of the union between our lands."

Morden let his glance wander to the room's other occupant and laughed as Pavon struggled hopelessly against the thick black chains.

In the centre of the room, a block of black marble in the shape of a Y rose several feet off the ground. Initially, he had asked Katarina to provide a suitable apparatus to restrain a woman for coitus. Her ideas of what was suitable had both astonished and dismayed him. She had offered to provide alternatives after he politely refused her initial suggestion but he had thought it best to conjure his own. A young woman lay on it, legs splayed down the forked ends, chained at the ankles and wrists and bereft of any clothing. Morden trailed his hand along her toned leg as he walked around her.

She had the same deep brown eyes and light brown hair as her father but her olive complexion must have come from her mother. Her figure was graced with full, fertile curves and her face was a vision of aristocratic beauty.

"What do you think, Alexa? Should your father have taken my offer and spared you from this?"

"No offer you make can be trusted," she said. She met his gaze steadily but the tremble in her voice betrayed her fear.

Morden laughed again.

"You recite his mindless slogans well," he said. "He must be very proud. Do you think he will still be proud when you are my Queen? When you bear my heirs?"

They both remained impassive but he didn't care. Having them at his mercy was reward enough.

Morden and Pavon had known each other all their lives. Their families owned neighbouring kingdoms. They had studied at the Academy at the same time. They had even ascended to their respective thrones within a year of each other.

Pavon was a fool. Always had been. Morden had known he was the better man when he was fifteen years old and had spent most of the intervening period plotting the conquest of his neighbour's kingdom.

If genetics had been kind to Morden, inheritance had been kind to Pavon. Morden ruled a kingdom barely half the size of his rival's and with fewer resources. He hadn't let logistics curb his ambition though. After years of planning, he had launched his assault and within six months had achieved an unassailable advantage in the war.

The idiot didn't surrender. Pavon's position was hopeless and everyone but he knew it. The outcome of the war could not be changed, but his stubborn refusal to see sense had dragged it out for six years and ravaged the kingdom he thought he was protecting. All the while he had locked himself away performing hare-brained experiments and dabbling with any dark art he could find, searching in vain for a way to fight back.

None of that mattered anymore. Morden had him now. Him and his precious daughter.

Alexa was an unexpected bonus. Morden had no idea how Pavon managed to find a woman prepared to bear him a child and he knew he lacked the spine to take one by force. The Princess was hugely popular among her people and her family. She served as Pavon's chief lieutenant during the war and acquitted herself far better than he had.

Now Morden would take her as his Queen. After he subdued her will, it would be a great boon in his efforts to solidify his hold on his new territory to have the peasants beloved Princess acknowledge his rule.

He shed his clothes, smirking as he heard Alexa's breathing quicken. Exultant, he stepped between her splayed legs. Morden was harder than he had ever been, drunk with lust, power and victory. He ran the tip of his cock up and down her slit. Alexa closed her eyes but he heard her moan softly and he could feel her wetness. He grinned broadly. This was one final victory he had not expected. He thrust inside her.

A cry escaped his lips as his cock was plunged up to the hilt in young, tight pussy. It felt fantastic to be encased in her warmth. Pausing for a moment, he looked up her flat stomach, over her delectable breasts and into her closed eyes.

"Are you enjoying the fruits of your labour, your highness?" he whispered.

"Very much," she purred. She opened her eyes.

Actually, she opened her eyelids. Her eyes were gone.

What the fuck?

Morden recoiled as he saw the black pools where her striking eyes had been. Instinctively, he threw himself backwards but he ended up snapping forward on top of her. He stood up and realised with horror he couldn't pull his cock out of her.

"You're not going anywhere," she said.

He continued to struggle but her tight opening clung fast to his girth. Inside her pussy he felt something thin and pointed tap against his cock. It ran across the head of his cock until it met his opening. Morden shrieked as he felt something shoot down the inside of his cock. Alexa moaned contentedly.

"Look, my King," she said.

A circle of energy shimmered between them, turning silver and then showing a close up of their locked genitals.

Impossible! No magic was possible in this room. Only a demon could perform magic here.

Before his eyes the view changed, somehow showing him first his cock inside her pussy and then the interior of his cock. A venomous green tendril had wedged itself inside. As he watched, it forked in two and he felt two sharp jabs as both ends found their way into his balls. The circle vanished again.

What the fuck was happening?

"What you see is the mostly deadly toxin on this plane of existence," she said. "My energy is holding it in place. If I were to die, it would immediately enter your body. You might have enough time to scream but not for very long."

* * *

Pavon looked on with sadness.

Several months ago, he had seen at last the final defeat of his forces. Pushed back into the valley surrounding his keep, there was nothing more that could be done. All his experiments had failed him and it was only a matter of time until the noose closed around him.

On that day she had come to him with a plan. Sweet Alexa, his only child. It had broken his heart to hear her offer. She knew Morden would plan to make her his Queen, so she would open herself to demonic possession in exchange for her demon killing him. He refused to consider it but she had spent many hours convincing him that it was their only hope and at last he had relented.

It brought him no joy to see their plan work.

* * *

The chains binding her to the stone snapped. Black pools of infinite depth stared into his eyes as she sat up in front of him.

Try as he might he couldn't pull himself out of her pussy. Gathering his strength, he stepped away from the altar and ran at the nearest wall. Her arms flew around his neck. They slammed into the stone but his cock remained trapped.

 "Oh, you want to play rough?" she asked.

He tried again but all he managed to do was make himself swoon with pleasure as the jolting against the wall caused her pussy to contract around his cock.

"You can save your life," said Pavon. "I will allow you to live in return for your throne."

"You must be addled," he scoffed.

Who did he think he was kidding? Morden wasn't about to be denied victory by a bit of demonic trickery in the closing moments of a victory he had worked decades for.

The mouth of her pussy squeezed at the base of his cock. For a fleeting moment, he thought she might release him but his hopes were dashed as rippling contractions massaged his cock.

It felt divine. He knew it wasn't. New fear gripped him as he realised he couldn't escape her vice and couldn't stop himself orgasming if she wanted him to. What would happen if he did? Would the toxin kill him? Even if it didn't, ejaculating into a demon was certain death.

"You're more useful to me alive than dead," said Pavon. "But I'm quite happy either way."

Alexa kicked against the wall and spun him around. He slumped backward. Planting her feet flat against the wall and somehow clinging on, spider-like, she began to move her hips back and forth. Hope filled him again but he quickly realised his foolishness.

Even as she slid down his cock until only her plush pussy lips kissed his tip, the tendril remained locked inside him. She slid forward and the wet heat surged down his cock. She slid back, all the way off and he ached to be back inside. An indescribable feeling shot through him as the tendril tugged at his insides as she rocked back, drawing his hips with it.

Great Gods, it felt good.

"I will only ask once. Release me and give me the access word to your fortress and I will let you live."

Morden was struggling to think coherently. She literally had him on a string. All he knew was he mustn't cum inside her.

"I accept your deal," he gasped out as she continued to rock back and forth.

Alexa paused mid thrust. Morden moaned at the cessation of her delicious torment.

"The access word?"

"Ronokaifriskel."

"Release my bonds please," Pavon said to Alexa.

Ribbons of black fire arced from her fingernails and disintegrated the manacles that bound him.

Pavon stretched his weary muscles and walked over to where Morden stood slumped against the wall with Alexa crouched against him, maintaining her death grip on his cock.

"You are an arrogant fool, Morden. You disgust me."

Turning away from them, he strode to the dungeon's iron door.

"Pavon!" shouted Morden. "Release me!"

Pavon turned to face him.

"You shouldn't trust any offer I make."

The door swung back and Pavon backed up into the corridor. The torches sputtered and died as he waved a hand at them.

"Have fun with him."

Morden saw the contempt in his enemy's face as the doors swung back and plunged them into darkness.

He couldn't see a damn thing. He could feel her though, the taut legs pressed against his sides, the heavenly pussy enveloping half his cock. Soft moans floated around the room and her intoxicating scent surrounded him.

"We can make a deal," he said.

"Unlikely."

Oh Gods. She started thrusting her hips again. A slow, luxurious down stroke till her hairless mons met his pubic hair and then the tortuous upstroke where she slid right back so the tendril linking their inner parts stretched taut and he shuddered with forbidden pleasure. As she pulled back, the brilliant green venom cast some hellish illumination on her perfect form.

"I rule this kingdom! I can get you weekly sacrifices. Daily sacrifices!"

"I have a contract to fulfil," she said. Her voice was sinister in the darkness.

Morden couldn't believe how slowly she was teasing him; he felt like he was made of jelly already.

"I'll offer you a better contract, I have access to many things, many people. Anything you want."

"Breaking a contract is frowned upon among my kind."

Sharp fingernails stroked his chest as panic and arousal quickened his breathing.

"I can help you subjugate them. I have many warlocks under my command; you could be Queen of your realm."

She sank right down on him and arched her back, her hot breath tickling his face.

"Your offer is tempting," she whispered. "But the hatred this host has for you is beautiful, and it would be a sin to deny its vengeance."

Her hips moved against him again. More forcefully now.

It couldn't end like this! Not on the cusp of his triumph!

Morden blinked rapidly as light returned to the room. It took him several seconds to work out what it was. The deep pools where Alexa's eyes had been were sparkling as she thrust faster and faster. Muscles squeezed up and down his cock.

"Please," he whispered.

The sparkle of those soulless eyes filled his world as his legs shook and he felt the spasm of orgasm begin.

Nothing happened. Pulses flared through his groin but no blissful release came with it.

Weariness overcame him and he slumped to the ground. Alexa fell with him.

He could just make her out in the gloom, lit only by the spark of her dead eyes. His cock was still lodged inside her as he lay on his back.

Strong arms wrapped round his back and pulled him into a sitting position. Lithe legs followed suit and locked around his ass. Soft breasts flattened against his chest as erect nipples rubbed against him.

"Your ejaculation is blocked by my poison," she whispered to him. "It's so much more satisfying to build you up till you burst."

Something brushed against his puckered anus but he barely had the energy to squirm away from its touch.

"Ssshh," she soothed, fingers massaging his back.

Having found its mark another tendril slipped inside his ass and latched onto his prostate.

"Please don't kill me," he whimpered.

Lush lips pressed into his. Alexa gently started to rock her hips.

Great Gods. It was too good.

An agile, hot tongue pressed through his lips and wrapped around his own, squeezing gently. Morden was close to hyperventilating as her pussy suddenly got hotter and squeezed tighter. Her pussy walls seemed to wind themselves around his cock and unwind again in a delicious shifting friction.

"Please," he begged but the words were lost in her mouth.

She moaned through her kiss and he felt climax approach again, felt scorching juices trickle down his balls from her arousal and once again felt the spurts of climax be held off by her dark arts.

Her eyes shone brighter, casting diabolical shadows of their coupling on the walls of the dungeon. Morden shook uncontrollably, helplessly flailing inside her full body embrace as another orgasm tried to escape his captive cock. This time there was no respite, his cock kept pulsing and his muscles seized forcefully as the pleasure his failing ejaculations promised stayed just out of reach.

Alexa rocked faster, gripped him tighter. The first sensation was the tendril inside his cock withdrawing. The sudden release of tension that had been stretching his innards made his whole body jangle. Then the tendril in his ass sent electrifying pulses through his prostate. Morden came at last. Her whole body squeezed rhythmically around him, pulling an ecstatic blast of cum from him each time.

A dizziness overtook him. The eyes in front of him were suddenly glowing white. Something was sucking on his insides, every nerve lit up with an alien, tugging feeling. He felt a ripping in his fingers and toes as the ties mooring his body and soul began to fray and then he had a last blissful eruption as a vast rushing, cracking roar filled his ears as the snapping accelerated and raced towards his core and his last sensations were jerking free of his earthly body and being sucked into her through his mouth and cock.

* * *

Pavon retired to his private chambers as soon as he had received the pledges of all Morden's lieutenants. They hadn't taken much persuading; Morden was not a popular man.

It felt good to go to bed with the knowledge there was no war to fight in the morning. Years of perseverance had paid off. The toll had been heavy but the future was ripe with potential. His heart was lighter than it had been for months as he slid under the silk sheets of the royal bed.

Yes, the future was definitely bright.

Pavon had almost drifted off to sleep when he felt a tug on the sheets. Ignoring it, he tried to return to the peaceful slumber that he'd been moving towards. Soft flesh slithered across him as a lithe body draped itself over him.

Feminine curves pressed into him and a warm, soft hand gripped his cock.
