 Saturday morning Jeff woke up to what felt like the worst hangover he'd ever had. He didn't remember what all happened the night before, all he could remember was going to the strip club watching strippers and cumming in some stripper's hand. He couldn't even remember what she looked like or anything else about the night. Why does my head hurt so bad? He wondered as he staggered to the bathroom. He knew all he had drank was 2 jack and coke's that tasted more coke than jack.

After brushing his teeth and getting dressed he made his way to kitchen where Sally was cooking breakfast.

"Good morning, honey." She said as she smiled and gave him a kiss. "You got home early last night no fun at the club?"

"I guess not," Jeff replied, while thinking to himself I wish I knew myself.

"Breakfast is almost ready." She said grabbing the plates, and putting them on the table. They sat down to enjoy breakfast.

Maybe eating something will help me, Jeff thought. Jeff and Sally talked and ate their breakfast quickly. After Jeff finished eating, he reached up in the cabinet to get an ibuprofen.

"Boy honey did you overdo it that much last night?" Sally asked with concern.

"I really wish I knew baby," Jeff said "All I had was 2 of my usual and I don't know what's wrong with me."

"Well I hope you get better by 2, remember we have to go to Steve's and Amber's barbecue." "I'm sure I'll be feeling better by then; I'm already feeling a little better now."

Jeff thought to himself maybe Steve can help me remember what happened last night. Steve was a friend and coworker of Jeff's, who was there last night, maybe he could help Jeff remember what the hell happened.

When they got there Steve and Amber greeted them warmly. They had been friends for years and were often at each other's homes.

"Here Jeff," Steve said handing him a beer. "No thank you Steve, I'm good for now."

They headed out back where Steve had just started cooking. As soon as they were away from Amber and Sally Jeff finally asked.

"Hey Steve did you or somebody else put something in my drink last night?"

"No Jeff, you know none of us would do anything like that. Why do you ask?" Steve said puzzled.

"I can't remember anything except for getting there."

"What???" Steve said. "You don't remember getting a dance from that gorgeous redhead last night?"

"No Steve, I don't. All I remember is getting there and watching the usual strippers."

"Boy I don't know how you could forget her; she was fucking hot dude!" Steve said with excitement "We were going to get private dances with her too, but we couldn't find her after you left like your hair was on fire."

"I don't remember any of that."

"Yeah you got an open dance, then y'all went in the back for what we assumed was a private dance. Then about midway through the song, you came hauling ass out of there didn't say anything to us."

"Oh shit! I got a private dance? Sally is going to kill me when she finds out."

"Relax Jeff, I'm not going to say anything and you know the rest of the guys don't want their wives to know that they're even out there. Look man, just relax I know you. You probably went back there and left just to tease her. You probably hauled ass because the manager had something to say to you or something. Just relax and help me drink this beer."

The barbecue went as goodas always, good food, good beer, good wine and good times. Jeff and Sally help cleaned up and then they went home. Back at the house Jeff decided to showered.

"I think I'm going to bed," he told Sally as soon as he finished his shower. As he got settled in bed, Jeff heard the door open and in walked Sally wearing a little see through white night gown with a pair of white lacy panties. Her nipples were poking through the thin fabric of the gown.

"I had different plans tonight baby," she said as she approached the bed.

"Mmmm, I can see that," said Jeff getting aroused. Sally reached up and pulled his boxer shorts down revealing he growing 6-inch cock.

"Mmmmm, there's my little man," Sally said as she reached up and took all of his cock in her mouth. Jeff moaned with extreme pleasure because Sally was damn good at giving head.

"Damn," he said as he grabbed her hair.

"Mmmmm, that's right baby I love it when you grab my head and hair." She raised up and as she did Jeff ripped her night gown off of her and started sucking on her erect nipples. "Mmmm suck on them hard as you want, I want it rough tonight." Jeff grinned grabbed Sally and threw her on the bed.

"In that case let's have some real fun," Jeff said as he grabbed some handcuffs from under the bed and handcuffed Sally to the bed.

"Mmmmmm yes baby that's right."

Jeff pulled her panties off and started kissing her ankles and worked his way up her left leg, all the way up to the inner thigh and then started on her right leg kissing and licking all the way up to her inner thigh. Then he worked his way up and started licking her clit. This drove Sally crazy all she could do was moan and scream. The pleasure was so great that she squirted in Jeff's mouth. Jeff didn't stop he sucked and hummed making Sally cum harder. Jeff raised up uncuffed her.

"Turn over," Jeff sad. As soon as Sally turned over, Jeff handcuffed her back to the bed and raised her ass up, positioning his cock where the head was just inside her pussy. He grabbed her hips shoved it hard inside her.

"Oh! Fuck Jeff!" she screamed as he pounded into her hard while slapping her firm ass.

"Oh, baby I'm about to cum!" moaned Jeff,

"Pull my hair and cum inside me baby! Fill up my pussy!" cried Sally as she was about to cum too.

Jeff grab a handful of blonde hair as he starting pumping cum inside Sally. This caused Sally to have a second gushing orgasm and then they both crashed together on the bed. Jeff uncuffed Sally gave her a hug and kiss.

"Thank you, baby that was so good," he said. "You're welcome thank you too."

They cleaned up and snuggled up and fell asleep together. Jeff woke up in the middle of the night he rolled over to hug Sally, as he rolled over, he looked up and at the foot of the bed was a dark figure. The only thing he could see was fiery red hair then a sultry voice.

"Mmmmmmm! Jeff you sure know how to fuck! Six more days and you'll be mine and not hers anymore!" Jeff woke up in a cold sweat. It was dream or was it? Jeff looked over and there was Sally sleeping soundly. It must have been a dream thought Jeff but he had a feeling they were being watched by someone or something.