 Sunday morning Jeff woke up and everything was back to normal. Sally was lying next to him still sound asleep. "Damn!" he thought "I need to quit drinking and maybe I'll quit having these fucked up dreams." Sunday was completely uneventful. Monday rolled around Jeff went to work and so did Sally. Everything seemed to be back to normal and nothing unusual happened. Wednesday Jeff was working at his cubicle when Steve came up to him.

"Hey you're still joining us for our Wednesday pool night tournament, right?" Steve asked. "Why hell yes Steve, I enjoy waxing Mark and Rod's ass at pool."

"Good, see you there at 6." Steve said as he walked away.

Jeff arrived at the pool hall where Steve, Mark, and Rod were already there warming up with a practice round.

"Hope you and Rod have been practicing more than that, because me and Steve plan on taking all your money tonight," Jeff said as he got his pool stick ready.

"Wish in one hand and shit in the other," Mark said. "Hey by the way we're working late in case Jill calls any of y'all."

"Mark, if she calls me I'm ignoring her because Sally knows where I am." Jeff said.

"Same for me," Steve said putting the quarters in the pool table. The pool games were going good Jeff and Steve were up 2 games to 1 for a best of five. Jeff was just about to knock the number 1 ball in when Mark turned around.

"Holy shit! Look at that!" Mark said. Jeff look up and the sight took his breath away from both fear and excitement. It was Brooke! She was wearing a flannel shirt low cut that had her breasts glowing and showing. She was wearing the shirt with jean shorts cut so high part of her ass cheeks were showing. As soon as Jeff saw her it all came back to him. He remembered what happened Friday night, he remembered everything that happened at the strip club, the cumming in her hands, her promise to him, everything and now he was petrified. However, something wouldn't let him move.

"Dude that's the stripper you went in the back with." Steve whispered in his ear. "I remember now, Steve I don't know how but I remember."

Rod and Mark were also mesmerized by her beauty. Mark walk up to her. "Hey sweet thing can I buy you something?"

"No, you're not the drink I'm looking for." Brooke said as she walked by paying very little attention to him. She sauntered by him and approached Jeff. She bent over the pool table showing her cleavage to the point where you could almost see her nipples. "This is more what I'm looking for." She said giving her devilish smile towards Jeff.

"Sorry I'm married," Jeff said as he realigned for the shot on the number one ball.

"It's ok." Brooke said as she moved around so he could see her. "I can keep a secret and what she doesn't know won't hurt her. So why don't you let me play with your other balls and stick and put them in some tight, wet, new places that they have never been before and they won't want to go back anywhere else."

That startled Jeff so bad that he hit cue ball so bad it hit floor bouncing.

"Damn Jeff that's going to hurt our win." Steve said in hope to calm Jeff who was shaking. "We're playing a game of pool ma'am," Steve continued "and if Rod scratches his shot we'll win."

"How the hell do you figure that?" Rod asked sarcastically "The 8 ball is right there and I can't miss let alone scratch."

"That's ok," Brooke said "I can wait till after the game for Jeff, but I don't know if these can she said as she squeezed her beautiful firm breasts."

Jeff trying to ignore her just turned his head (he was getting hard under his pants).

"Well baby if those can't wait for him, I'm free", Mark said handing her a beer.

"What are you going to tell Jill?" Steve asked being a smart ass. Mark look at him like shut the fuck up.

"Boys I'm after a real man, only a real man can satisfy my craving completely." Brooke said smiling

"And Jeff is that man? "asked Rod, getting aligned perfectly with the 8 ball.

"Why yes," Brooke said walking to the corner pocket where Rod was aiming. "The way he handcuffs his wife and fucks her gets me steamed up and makes me want to show him a better time than Sally ever could."

With that Rod hit the cue ball completely off causing him to scratch.

"How the hell do you know that?" yelled Jeff. "It was you watching me? That wasn't a dream it was you?" Brooke just smiled.

"Well I better be getting home" Rod said handing Steve and Jeff $20 each.

"Yeah I'm going too," Steve said "Amber just text me asking how much longer was I going to be out, which means she's ready for me to come." Steve hadn't really got a text, but he saw the tension between Brooke and Jeff and didn't want to witness anything he shouldn't see.

"Mark where's my $20?" he hollered.

"How did you get into our house?" Jeff said angrily.

"I have my ways," Brooke said "I really love how you fucked her from behind and how she squirted on your cock."

"I'm gone," Jeff said and he finished his drink and left.

"Hey!" Brooke shouted she sauntered over to him. "Why don't you fuck me now!" she said "it'll better than Sally ever dreamed of, I'll let you put him in places she doesn't!" Jeff ran to his car he had heard enough. "It's ok Jeff, today is Wednesday and Friday night you'll be forgetting her and fucking me."

Jeff sped out of the parking lot as quick as he could. Brooke watched him go while smiling devilishly at him.

"If you think Jeff is good, I'm better than he can be." Mark said as he walked up and put his arm around her.

"And what will Jill think?" Brooke said sarcastically.

"She doesn't care what I do and besides what she doesn't know won't hurt her he said moving his hand to her breast."

"Well you'll be a good snack, let's go to my car." Inside Brooke's car Mark wasted no time taking off her flannel shirt and sucking on her breast Brooke moaned slightly as he sucked on her nipples, she unzipped his pants and pulled them off with his underwear and started sucking on his cock.

"Mmmmmm, that's right baby suck that cock good!" he said "Suck that cock you dirty slut."

"You think I'm a slut?" Brooke said as she raised up. She started giving him a hand job.

"Yes, because you like fucking married men behind their wife's back. That makes you a dirty slut."

"Mmmm, yes I guess it does," she said as she slipped off her shorts.

"Mmmmm and no underwear either," Mark said.

"That's easy access" she said as she mounted him sliding his cock inside her pussy. It was the hottest pussy he'd ever had and it was hot and engulfing his full length.

"Mmmm baby you're hot!" he said as she continued to ride him.

"That's right," she said as she rode him harder. "I want you to cum inside me. I'm your dirty little slut. Give me your cum!" she yelled! Mark was not noticing her changing, as he grabbed her ass tightly. He began to cum, it was by far the hardest he had ever come before, moaning with each throb.

"Mmmm thank you baby that was good." Mark said as he sat back in the seat. "I'm not done with you yet," Brooke said in a harsh voice.

"Yes, I'm done I came," said Mark as he opened his eyes. He then saw what Brooke had changed into. Her beautiful face had turned red and horns came out of her head.

"What the hell is going on?" Mark asked terrified.

"I'm a succubus Mark and now you're mine," She said as she swallowed his dick up and started sucking the life out of him. Within seconds Mark was a shriveled-up corpse, after a few minutes Brooke returned to human form. She looked at him and said "Yep you were just a snack but my real meal will be Friday night." She picked up her cell phone and dialed a number she had on speed dial. "Robert there's a Jill for you, just letting you know."

"Thank you, Brooke, did you get your target quicker than expected?" "No, he is strong, so it'll still be Friday but you'll be the first to know."

Later that night Jeff and Sally were sleeping naked together under the covers. When the covers slipped off of both of them revealing their nakedness. Jeff's cock got hard being pressed up against Sally's ass, the head was almost entering her asshole. When she woke up and felt what was about to happen she woke and slapped Jeff.

"What the hell was that for?" Jeff asked as he was violently awoken. "You know I don't want that" she said.

"Don't want what?"

"You were trying to have anal sex with me."

"I was asleep Sally."

"Whatever!" she exclaimed "I'm putting on some underwear."

Jeff got up to use the bathroom when somehow, he heard a voice in head.

"I have no limits; you can have all three holes" the thought made him hard again and he masturbated in the bathroom. "Mmmmm! that's right baby!" the voice said stronger "I love it in my ass!"

Jeff was picking up speed he had no idea where the voice was coming from but it made him extremely horny.

"Mmmmm, that's right Jeff, the little wife doesn't need to know the fun we're having while she's asleep anyway so it's just us." said the voice.

Jeff was now getting little visions of DDD breasts a tight firm ass and fiery red hair and the visions excited him even more. So much that he was about to explode.

"That's right baby cum for me! It's just us in here spread your seed!" the voice exclaimed. That was all Jeff needed he picked up a towel and started violently cumming into it. After his intense orgasm, he heard the voice one more time

"Mmmmmm that was good, just think of how good it will be in person."

Jeff kind of wondered where or how the voice was speaking to him but he didn't care enough to find out. He felt very tired and drained he slipped on some underwear and went back to bed. Little did he know up on a hilltop overlooking their house was Brooke masturbating to Jeff. She rubbed her clit and massaged her breast till she came on her jeans. She smiled and said "2 more days and your mine and not hers." And then she slipped away into the darkness.