 Thursday morning Jeff woke up not remembering anything about what he had done in the bathroom. The only thing he remembered was dreaming that Sally accused him of trying to have anal sex with her. Damn another crazy dream he thought. Oh well can't really wonder about that and no need to wonder about it because, I feel good today he thought. He got up and got dressed, and walked into the living room where Sally was. He went to kiss and hug her goodbye but she gave him the cold shoulder.

"What's wrong baby?" he said still thinking last night was a dream.

"You remember Jeff!" Sally said scornfully.

"No, I really don't," Jeff said puzzled.

"You tried to have anal sex with me last night! How many times do I have to tell you no?" "Sally I was asleep, I promise you, if I was trying to have anal sex it purely involuntary." "Whatever!" Sally replied as she put some things into her bag.

"Where are you going?" Jeff asked surprised.

"Remember I'm going over to Tiffany's tonight and I'll be back Saturday sometime."

"Oh, that's right. I forgot it's your sister's bachelorette party and you were going over there tonight. I'm sorry I forgot" Jeff said trying to get a kiss and hug from Sally.

"It's ok" Sally said. "Look we'll talk about last night later, right now I have to finish packing and you have to go to work or you'll be late."

Jeff left without a hug and kiss which dampened his spirits. On the way to work he thought to himself, I was fucking asleep! I can't control what my body does in my sleep no more than she can control herself. He pulled up in his parking spot and he cleared his thoughts and entered the building, clocked in and began on his work.

"Hey Jeff." Steve said approaching Jeff from behind.

"Yeah."

"Have you heard from Mark?"

"Not since last night when we won the game," Jeff said.

"Jill has called me and Amber since 3 this morning asking if we know where he is. She hasn't seen him all night and he's not at work" Steve said with a worried look on his face.

"He probably found some tramp at bar last night; you know how he is."

"Yeah but usually he comes home and he's not usually out very late on work nights. Something tells me that something is wrong."

"Well did you tell Jill the truth?"

"Yes, I straight up told her we were at the bar shooting our pool tournament and we all left."

"Have you talked to Rod? Jeff asked.

"Yes, and he hasn't seen him either. I'm telling you this time it's different."

"I'm sure he'll turn up some time today with a BS story of how many women he got last night" Jeff said jokingly.

"I hope so," Steve replied. "Did you hook up with that hot redhead?" Steve said with a gleam.

"Hell no, dude that chick scares me for some reason. She knows things that she shouldn't know about me and Sally and it's very troublesome."

"Well troublesome or not she seems to want you for some reason my friend. She made that very apparent last night."

"Yes, she did," Jeff said "that's why I left in a rush." "Have you told Sally about the situation?"

"No, I would tell her something if I knew there was really something, I could tell her." Jeff said. "This isn't the first woman to hit on me and Sally has seen that before."

"Yeah, but I've never seen anybody get hit on like that last night Jeff." Steve said. "I think you could've fucked her right there on the pool table and she would've gone for it."

"Once again not much to tell. Sally has seen women hit on me just as I seen men hit on her."

"Ok my friend" Steve said." Let me know if you hear from or see Mark."

"You do the same for me" Jeff said as Steve walked away. Jeff did start wondering about Mark. When Jeff peeled out of the parking lot last night, he did see Mark walking up to Brooke and putting his arm around her. Surely nothing happened with the because she acted like she wouldn't touch him with a 10- foot pole.

Lunch came and went and it was going on close to a little after 3 when Jeff got a text message.

He ignored it at first because he was almost done with the report he was on when it went off a second and third time. Jeff finished the report he was on and pulled out his phone is a new number and when he opened it up the site was something to see. It was Brooke and she had sent pictures starting fully clothed and then taking a piece of clothing off till she was topless showing off her erect nipples proudly. "Hey baby hope work is going good for you today" said the last text.

"Was thinking of you ;).:

"HOW DID YOU GET MY NUMBER!!" Jeff replied in all caps. "Oh, honey I can get or do lots of things." Brooke replied back.

"Don't text or call either and don't send pictures either I'm married dammit don't you understand that!" Jeff replied.

"Yeah but Sally's not coming home till Saturday and her and Tiffany will be having way too much fun to be thinking about you."

"HOW THE FUCK DO YOU KNOW THAT????"

"Like I said Jeff I have ways of knowing things," Brooke replied.

"Did you do something to Mark last night?" Jeff asked with caution.

"Who your friend? No. He tried hitting on me after you left but I pushed him to side. I want a real man" said Brooke with a devil emoji.

"Brooke, I don't know how or why you got so wrapped up with me but you need to stop I'm married."

"And like I said Jeff, "Brooke replied "what she doesn't know won't hurt her. Besides, we both know you're getting hard texting me and seeing my pictures." Once again how did she know Jeff was so hard it was poking through his pants. "I didn't want to interrupt you too much at work just basically say hello and show you I'm thinking about you. When you are home and you're lonely or bored tonight you can text, me it'll be our little secret." Jeff put the phone away and he tried focusing on work for the rest of the day.

When he got home, he took a cold shower to help his erection. At 7 he called Sally to see how their night was going. Sally couldn't talk long because she was busy setting stuff up for Tiffany so they got off the phone pretty quickly. About 7:30 Jeff couldn't take it anymore. He picked up the phone and sent a text to Brooke's number

"Hey"

"Hey doll glad you finally text me. How are you? :)" Brooke responded.

"I'm ok" Jeff replied. "How are you?"

"I'm better now that you're texting me ;). What is your wife doing?" Brooke replied.

"Helping her sister get ready for her party I guess, but I think you knew that already." Jeff texted.

"Lol well maybe I did" Brooke replied. "So, is that cock hard?" Brooke asked. "Excuse me?" Jeff replied.

"I asked how hard is that cock of yours?" Brooke replied back.

"That's personal but it's fairly hard."

"Oh, relax Jeff. We're grown adults and I'm not going to tell anyone. Besides Sally and Tiffany are having their own fun. No need for us not have our own fun ;)."

"What do you mean?" Jeff asked very confused.

Just then Brooke sent wave after wave of pictures all nude and most of them doing something. Then she texted back saying we can have our fun while she's having fun baby. Jeff got extremely hard by all the pictures of Brooke.

"Are you sure?" He sent.

"Oh yes I'm positive she's not going to know and can make you feel so good baby." That was enough for Jeff.

"Ok let's have some fun." Just then there was a knock at the front door of Jeff's house. Jeff got up to answer it and there was Brooke. Before Jeff could say anything, Brooke came in and gave him a huge French kiss, Jeff was amazed at how well her tongue felt in his mouth. It was so amazing he forgot about asking her how she got there so quickly. He kissed her back embracing her close, before Jeff knew it, they were in his and Sally's bedroom. Brooke wasted no time as she pushed Jeff on the bed pulled off his boxer shorts revealing his erect cock.

"Mmmmmm, I can't wait till he's in my mouth: she said as she licked her lips. She started dancing slowly unbuttoning her shirt as she did.

"What if she calls?" Jeff asked totally ready for whatever was going to happen next.

"Don't worry about her" Brooke said as she slipped off her shirt and bra. "She's busy and she's not going to call besides it's just you and me and no limits!" With that she slipped off her mini skirt revealing her perfectly shaved pussy. Jeff raised up to kiss her when he was pushed back down.

"Not yet," Brooke said. "I want to be a little naughty." She walked over to their dresser. "Is this where she keeps her underwear?" Brooke asked as she pointed at a drawer.

"Yes, it is" Jeff responded. Brooke open it up and pulled out a pair of black lacy panties. She put them on and started rubbing her clit through the panties.

"What are you doing?" Jeff said very turned on by the whole scene.

"Oh, just a little something I do to get her all horned up without her knowing what's going on" she said with a devilish smile.

"What do I need to do?" Jeff asked while stroking his cock.

"Lay back and relax." Brooke said as she came up and put his cock in his mouth. Jeff's eyes rolled in the back of his head. It felt like a hundred small hands massaging his cock. It was by far the best blow job he'd ever had. Brooke went the full length of his cock swallowing the precum that was oozing out of it and caressing his balls at the same time. Jeff started moaning louder and louder he was about to cum.

"Wait baby" Brooke said. She quit sucking and made her way up his chest sucking and nibbling the whole way. "I want to fuck you while I'm wearing her panties."

"Mmmmm ok baby whatever you say" and with that Brooke slid the bottom of the panties to the side and started riding Jeff very violently. Jeff raised up to suck on her breasts as was getting the best fuck of his life. It was so hot and wet inside and it seemed to grab his cock with every thrust.

"Mmmmmm that's right baby suck on those nipples and bite them, I'm yours tonight" Brooke said. She was fucking Jeff so hard it was knocking pictures of Sally off the wall and nightstand Jeff was so close to cumming.

"I'm so close baby!" He shouted.

"Go ahead come for me! Cum inside me baby It's our night!" screamed Brooke with that she started gushing hot juices out of her, it was so hot that steam was rising from the juices. This was too much, so much that Jeff started cumming violently inside Brooke.

"Fuck me Jeff! Fuck me!" She screamed as she dug her nails into Jeff's back. Jeff grabbed her hair and bit down hard on her right nipple. It was so intense and Jeff was so turned on that he came a second time instantly. Brooke never let up she continued ride him letting her juices run on Sally's side of the bed. Jeff was completely lost as he was cumming, he stuck his little finger in Brooke's ass.

"She hates when I play with her ass!" he cried out.

"Mmmmmm I love it baby I have no limits." As Jeff's second orgasm came to a close, he laid back down on his bed.

"Wow that was the best sex I ever had." Jeff said as he caught his breath. Brooke got up and slipped the soaked panties off, folded them up, and put them back in the drawer.

"I told you I would make you feel better than you ever had." She said as she kissed his now limp penis.

"When can we do this again?" He asked.

"Wow, when do you want to?" Brooke asked as she slipped on her skirt.

"How about tomorrow?" Jeff asked enthusiastically. "If I remember right, I should be alone tomorrow night."

"If you remember?" Brooke said with a gleam.

"Yeah, I don't know why but something tells me that I'll be alone and for some reason. I'm thinking I'm not usually alone."

"Ok baby tomorrow night sounds great, see you then." She gave me him one last kiss this time with a little bit of her juices still on her lips and walk out the door. Jeff laid his head down, smiled big, closed his eyes with flashes of Brooke going through his head and instantly fell asleep. Brooke made her way off the porch and called Robert.

"Everything is going to as exactly planned" and hung up the phone. She looked around and seen that nobody was watching unveiled her wings and flew off into the distance.