 Friday morning Jeff woke groggy and tired. He looked at his phone and was startled, he had slept an hour with the alarm going off. He jumped up quickly. Shit! I'm going to be late he shouted as he got up. Oh, damn what the hell happened to my back he thought. He went in the bathroom and looked there were 4 claw marks on each side of his back. Oh, that's right he thought remembering what happened last night. He threw his clothes on got ready. He made it to office 30 minutes late then he clocked in and began his work.

"Damn!" Steve said noticing Jeff showed up. "You look like shit."

"I feel like it too." said Jeff.

"What did you do last night?" Steve asked hoping for a good story.

"I'd rather not talked about it." Jeff said with images of Brooke fucking his brains out and him fingering her ass, the whole works.

"Oh man you got with that stripper, didn't you?" Steve asked with excitement. "I'd rather not talk about last night Steve." Jeff replied.

"Ok man, sorry" Steve said. "Maybe later then."

"Maybe" Jeff said. "Have you heard anything from Mark?"

"Nothing man, Jill was going to the police station this morning to file a missing person report. I'm really worried."

"Me too." Jeff said "Even if he got him a piece of ass he'd have shown up by now and if he was in trouble, he would've called one of us by now for help."

"Exactly." Steve said "this is serious." Jeff struggled with work because he was so tired, he could barely keep his eyes open. Finally, noon came and Jeff went to get lunch and more coffee.

"JEFF!" A loud grumpy voice said from behind him.

"Yes, Mr. Smith?" Jeff said as he turned around.

"Jeff you look awful and you haven't been getting much done today, what the hell is the matter?"

"I don't feel good today sir; I don't know what's wrong with me." Jeff replied. "Are you clocked out for lunch?" Mr. Smith asked sternly.

"Yes sir."

"Why don't you go home then? You're not doing us any good here."

"Yes sir, I'll go right now." Jeff got home he went into the bathroom look in the mirror. Boy I do look like shit he thought. He took a hot shower which did make him feel a little better. As he dried himself off, he wrapped the towel around his waist and walk to the bedroom where he collapsed on the bed. About 5 hours went by when Jeff was awakened by his phone. It was Jill.

"Hello?" Jeff answered sleepily.

"Where is Mark?" Jill answered rudely.

"I don't know Jill, last time I saw him was at the bar Wednesday night."

"I swear Jeff if you're lying, if you know he's out with one of his bitch hoes both of you will be in trouble because I've reported him missing to the police and they know all about his adventures, so it's not just me you'd be dealing with it's the police too.

"Jill, I promise you if I knew where he was, I'd come get you and take you to him myself."

"Fine!" Jill said not convinced Jeff was telling the truth. "Maybe tonight I'll go out and find some strange man to take care of me. Maybe I'll go to Tiffany's bachelorette party tonight and we'll all have fun."

"Go." Said Jeff. "If he's messing around this time, he deserves it, but something tells me this is different."

"Ok fine!" Jill said before she hung up. Jeff got up to get something to drink as he was walking back from the refrigerator his towel came undone and fell to the floor. Jeff picked it up to fix it when he heard that sultry voice.

"Don't put that away I want him" Brooke said. Jeff looked up and there was Brooke, laying on his bed naked, her blue eyes almost glowing.

"How did you slip in here?" Jeff asked.

"Don't worry about that, just let me have him" she said as walked over to his half limp cock. She almost had it in her mouth when his phone started ringing, he looked at it and it was Sally.

"Oh shit!" Jeff exclaimed.

"Go ahead and answer it" Brooke said "I won't say a word."

"Uhhh hello" Jeff said nervously.

"Jeff are you ok? I called your office today they said you had to leave early because you weren't feeling good."

"Yes, I'm ok, I just wasn't feeling good today and came home and took a long nap." About the time he answered Brooke knelt down and started lightly licking his shaft with the tip of her tongue while gently cupping his balls. She started at the base and went all the way to the head. This made Jeff instantly hard. With Brooke doing that Jeff wasn't able to pay attention to Sally. Brooke's tongue slowly turned into a slender long forked tongue. She wrapped it around his cock and began squeezing it as her mouth went over his cock engulfing the full length. This startled Jeff and he tried to get away while on the phone but Brooke grabbed his ass holding him place as her mouth and tongue slowly went up and down on his swelling cock.

"Ok, I was just checking on you and wanted to see how you were doing." Sally said unaware of what was going on.

"I'm doing better" Jeff said as he tried to push Brooke off with his free hand. Brooke grabbed his hand and put it through her curly red hair which made Jeff grab it.

"How is everything going on your end?"

"Well it's going" Sally said. "Me and Tiffany hung up some decorations last night and then stayed up too late drinking wine and chatting about everything" Sally said.

"Well you have fun." Jeff said pulling Brooke closer to him finally enjoying what he was getting.

"Tell her you're going to finish your nap and get off the phone with her! It's our time!" A voice said in his head.

"Hey honey, I'm going to let you go, I'm going to finish my nap."

"Ok baby, we're about to start having fun so you won't hear from me till tomorrow when I come home."

"Ok." and with that Jeff hung up.

"Mmmmmmm good boy" said Brooke slowly turning and bending over the bed spreading her legs and cheeks apart. "Come on baby put it in my little hole." she said as she pointed at her asshole.

"Are you sure?" Jeff asked aiming his cock right at it.

"Oh yes!" she exclaimed "let me give you something that she'll never give to you". Jeff slowly entered her ass. It was the most amazing feeling he'd ever felt; it was super tight and incredibly hot feeling. Her ass was even hotter than her pussy. "Mmmmmm that's right baby, I'll give you what the little wife won't." She said hissing.

"Mmmmm yes!" Jeff said "She doesn't even like the idea of anal." Jeff said rather harshly. Jeff was quickly changing into something.

"Mmmm that's right I'm your naughty bitch!" Brooke exclaimed. "Fuck my ass!" She said picking up speed as Jeff started slamming his cock in her rectum.

"That's right bitch, take that cock!" Jeff exclaimed pulling her hair and spanking her firm ass. "That's right baby, fuck me hard and rough! Fuck me harder than your wife gets fucked!" Her tongue hissing as her face started turning red.

"Mmmmm that's right she doesn't like to be fucked like this."

"Mmmm tell me I'm yours baby." Brooke said grabbing the bed sheets.

"I'm yours baby!" Jeff yelled getting close to an orgasm.

"Tell me I'm yours Brooke." Brooke said squeezing her ass muscles harder on Jeff's cock. "I'm yours Brooke!" Jeff exclaimed and with that he started filling her ass with cum. Brooke clamped down on his dick as she started soaking up all the cum and his energy. Jeff was losing consciousness he tried to steady himself but he was falling, he tried grabbing the bed as he fell but it was no use. Brooke quickly jumped on him to finish him off. She got up with that devilish smile.

"Mmmmm you definitely a great meal." She picked up the remains and disappeared into the night. Saturday afternoon sally got home.

"Jeff I'm home" she said as she closed the door. No answer. She went into the bedroom and there was no sign of him. The bed was made up, there were no dirty clothes anywhere. I wonder where he is, she thought. He's probably gone over to Steve's she thought. Oh well. She thought to herself. She was kind of glad that he was gone. That meant she wouldn't have to try to explain her 2 days at her sisters. Things happened that were very hard for her to explain and she couldn't remember some of it. Well I try to find him later she thought to herself. Right now, I need a shower, a nap, and a good story to cover up some of the things I did. She grabbed a pair of black lacy panties and headed to the bathroom. The end.