 If you can make it there, you can make it anywhere...

NO FUCKIN' SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!

It started out as one of the best weekend plans I had ever had. My favourite band was going to be playing in New York, and thanks to a scratch and win lottery ticket, I had decided to go see them while making a weekend out of it. The plan was to hop on the bus, see the concert, then spend the next day or two sight seeing. And I was not alone.

Kitiara was with me. I had decided to look my best. I had spent some of my lottery money on a wee bit of liposuction and was now a slender 34 waist. My butt looked firmer, my stomach flatter, and looked damned hot if I must say so. All decked out in black I wore a pair of new cowboy boots, tight black jeans, dress shirt. Both my vest and blazer were leather. However as hot as I looked (if the wandering eyes of a few of the women on the bus told me) Kitiara left me in the cold.

She too was in pure black. Her boots had heels that added another 3 inches to her 5 foot frame. Tight leather pants made her ass the perfect shape that could turn a gay man straight. The sides of the pants were lace so you could not help but look to see if she was daring enough to wear them without underwear. We had been friends for so long that she loved to tease me by getting dressed in front of me, so I knew that a little black g-string was underneath .Her bodice was a lace number that heightened her ample cleavage and the lace in it hinted that you could see more. When I had tied it for her, she made sure that the back stayed open enough so that when she took her coat off at the concert, everyone would be able to see the chain tattoo that went down her spine. This ensemble was completed by a black leather full length coat. She always knew how to dress and the leather wrist cuffs with "O-rings" hinted that she liked being naughty. When we got to the Port Authority at the corner of 8th and West 41st, we were already stoked with excitement.

The concert was a blast. The guitars had been louder than a sonic boom and the drums had roared like a lion in your ear. The bass had reverberated so much that it felt like you skeleton was going to separate. While at the concert, we met Mark and Theresa. They were NY natives that had the same type of friendship as me and Kitiara. Friends who had thought about adding benefits, but had done nothing about it so far. We had agreed that if it was going to happen, it would be natural, and no thinking would be involved. The company of Mark and Theresa, combined with the energy of the concert and the amount of booze we had drank was giving the signs of this could be the weekend. Kitiara had on more than one occasion been head banging to the tunes while making sure that her ass pushed into my crotch. I knew it was on purpose because whenever I grabbed her hips, she pushed back harder. Sometimes she would pretend to let out a moan, and sometimes she would just turn her head and give me a smile. She also knew that when she whipped her waist length hair back so that it struck my chest, I got harder.

I, of course could not resist sometimes grabbing a handful of hair and giving it a pull so that her head stayed back while giving her ass a nice hard spank. I knew full well that this turned her on like no tomorrow. By the end of the night, I was ready to hump any passing stranger.

We had picked a hotel near Washington Square Park. We wanted to make sure that we were in Greenwich Village and were more than happy when we got one. We had said goodbye to Mark and Theresa at the end of the concert and gave them the address in Soho so we could all get together the next day. They had agreed to be our tour guides so we didn't look too much like tourists. When we got back to the hotel, I had just closed the door when Kitiara pinned me to it and gave my tonsils a savage beating with her tongue. "Welcome to the weekend of surprises babe!" she told me.

Our coats fell to the floor as we rushed to get undressed. However, she had different ideas. She pulled away before I could undress any part of her and slid down to her knees. She undid my zipper, leaving my pants on, took my hard cock out and engulfed it like a woman having a sausage as her last meal. The heat of her mouth as she slid her lips along me was enough to make my eyes want to bulge out of their sockets. She kept it fully lubricated with her saliva and I could hear the slurping noises as she sucked on me with full gusto. One hand was keeping my balls well cupped and fondled only adding more to the pleasure. I was too busy enjoying her masterful attentions to see what her other hand was doing. She stroked me and flicked her tongue along me that I felt I could come in mere seconds, but she seemed able to sense it and would touch my balls in a way that the juice would go back, but the erection would stay.

She finally stopped before I could blow my load and slid my hand down her pants. Without a word, I could tell she wanted me to know how wet she was because she kept me outside of her g-string. It was soaked to the point it almost dripped with her pussy juice. I finally learned what she had been doing with her other hand. While my attention had been distracted by what she had been doing with her lips, she had been removing the lace from her pants. She had left enough so that they would not fall off but would stay on as I rubbed my fingers between her thighs to ensure that the wetness both continued and increased. As I continued to rub her clit from outside the fabric between her legs she ripped my shirt open and sank her teeth into my chest. I barely had to move my fingers because she was pushing me right up against the door with her hips. Her moans were keeping me so hard that the blood was only in both my hard on, and my ears.

She backed up towards the bed, and I had no choice but to follow. Before she could sit down I grabbed the back of her neck and sank my teeth into her neck while my finger went down the inside of her panties. I was even more aroused when I discovered that inside was even wetter than the fabric and I was met with no resistance as I slid a finger into her deepest secret place. I pushed my finger as far as it would go and curled it to tickle her hymen as I sank my teeth into her flesh, but as quickly as I was in her, I pulled out and with the back of my hand moved her panties south.

I was on my knees with my lips only a mere inch before hers. I spread her legs and gave her clit a flicker with my tongue. Her moan caused her legs to go weak, and that was fine with me. I placed one hand on her belly and pushed her gently on to the bed so that her wet mound was there for me to enjoy unencumbered. I was only too happy to return the favour and started to lap up all the juices that had been dripping down her thighs. She wrapped her legs around my head to keep me there. She was as sweet as sugar cane fresh from Jamaica. Her thighs pressed against my ears so that I could not hear a thing and the only way I knew that she had come was from the flow of juices that had drenched my face each time she did. Her legs opened at one point and I used that advantage to take my face away.

My hard on was still aching to be used and I wasted no time sliding into her. As I pushed the head of my shaft towards her, she opened her thighs wider to take all of me in. There was no friction or resistance as my member penetrated her flesh. She let out a sigh of both pleasure and another orgasm as my hips met hers. This had been along time waiting and I was not going to rush it. Her lower lips kept me well lubricated as I slid back and forth into her. Each movement backwards brought out a gasp of anticipation that I would move forward again, and each thrust forward brought a moan of pleasure that I was not done. At one point she did push me away, but only for a second so she could reposition herself. I was all too pleased to see her get off of her back and place her ass in the air. She had told me in the past that doggie style was her favourite and I was only to glad to oblige.

I placed my hands on her hips and pushed into her from behind as hard and deep as I could go. She came right away. I was almost worried that the people in the next room could hear her as she let out a roar of pleasure. Her screams as she came again and again would have made the glass in the windows vibrate, if they did, I did not notice as I finally could hold out no longer. I dug my hands deep into her thighs and pulled her onto to me as hard as I could. The feeling of my legs buckling as I came inside of her almost made me fall out before I was done, but I managed to hold on and every last ounce went into her as she fell forward onto the bed. We lay there with her on her stomach and me on her back for a few minutes until we both seemed to feel that a cigarette was needed.

It did not take long for us to fall asleep after we finished our cigarettes. We had slept in the same bed with nothing happening before, so we had booked the one room for both of us. We were woken up briefly before sunrise with a call from Mark. He was calling to tell us that he was being called into work the next day but Theresa would still take us around the Big Apple. We told him to let her know that afternoon would be better, and he said no problem.

The afternoon with Theresa was a blast. She picked us up at 1:30 and we had a good time. We saw the Statue of Liberty and The UN building. But she also showed us the many sights that are not in the tourist books. There were little bistro's for coffee, pool halls where we racked up a few games. Bookstores that had rare and out of print editions. It was a fantastic time. She told us that Mark was going to meet us just after sundown and had a special evening planned. I teased Kitiara once Theresa told us that he found her attractive. 

Sure enough, less than 10 minutes after the sun set, Theresa's cell phone rang. She just listened and then hung up. "Mark is ready for us", she said with a smile.

We arrived at Mark's house and sat down with a couple of glasses of wine and munchies. Theresa got up to excuse herself while we continued to talk. I had no idea how long she was gone, and found my self totally forgetting about her until Mark told us that she should be ready for us now.

He rose and gave us a "come hither" movement with his finger. Curiosity got the better of us and we followed Mark to the end of the hall that I had seen Theresa start to walk down. There was a bed at the other side of the room, and in the middle of the room was Theresa. She was sitting on a simple stool in front of the bed, and had disrobed so that all she wore was a pair of underwear that we later found out was a thong. Mark walked up behind her and started to message her shoulders. She moaned with pleasure, so I stepped to my left where I had seen a chair. The lamp on the end table beside the chair helped set the ambiance for what looked to be an enjoyable evening. Kitiara was standing 2 feet in front of me, but off to the side a slight bit so that my view of the show was not interrupted. I noticed that as Mark massaged and kissed Theresa's neck and shoulders, that Kitira was rubbing her nipple through the fabric of her clothes and her hand was below her zipper on the outside of her jeans.

Mark pulled his captive's hair and pulled her head back so that her neck was fully exposed and brought down his mouth with complete gusto. He started sucking at her neck and I could hear the slurping noise as he used all his effort. I was only mildly stunned when I saw blood start to dribble down her neck, but figured it was just a bit of rough play that she liked. Mark raised his head and I looked into a pair of red eyes with fangs sticking out of his mouth.

Kitiara had stopped teasing herself and had stumbled back so that she was now in my lap. Mark lifted Theresa off of her stool and undid the ropes that had bound her. "She will make a welcome addition to our family once her transformation is complete." he said. He tossed her over his shoulder onto the bed with almost no effort and started to walk towards us.

I could not move. I was totally frozen in fear. This could not be happening. Vampires were not real. This had to be some sicko thinking he could "turn" us and was a little too kinky for my liking.

While I was stuck in my daze, Kitira must have come to because the next thing I knew was her hand reached out to the end table, picked up the lamp and smashed it over Mark's head knocking him down to the ground. I never saw her do it. All I know is that I he was on the ground, surrounded by broken lamp pieces, and she was pulling me up by my wrists.

We ran out into the hall way and made a break for the door. Other members of Mark's "family" came out of the woodwork and tried to stop us. Fortunately, the could not get a good hold of us, or those that did received a well placed hit from us that caused them to lose their grip. We were out on the street and running for our lives within seconds of seeing what Mark really was.

We were running down the street as fast as we could when I saw what looked to me like one of Mark's "family' members. I grabbed Kitiara and pulled her into the next alley we passed. There was a large dumpster halfway down the alley and I pushed her into it and pressed my chest against her back to keep us hidden as much as possible.

My heart was beating and her breath was racing. I could not believe what we had seen and was totally freaked out. I leaned my head back slightly to see if we had been followed into the alley, and felt slightly relieved to see that it was still empty.

I told her it was safe and she turned around to face me. I was about to pull away from her when she pulled me towards her and started kissing me. The excitement was totally overwhelming to me as well, and I reciprocated. The heat of the moment was more than either of us could handle. This was sex in its most raw form. There was no foreplay. I just had to have her. I grabbed her shoulders and turned her so that she faced the wall again and before she could say anything, pulled her pants down and pulled myself out. We were more like beasts in that alley. She was pushing against me as hard as she could as I pumped my shaft deep inside of her. We grunted with every thrust and showed no signs of stopping. 

I pushed myself as hard as I could into her. Her grunts only seemed to fuel me as her thighs dripped with her orgasms. She was so wet that I almost fell out a couple of times, but I managed to stay in her and kept trying to find the deepest parts of her until I could stand it no more. I felt my balls erupt with everything I had inside of me and felt it all push its way up into her. She let out a scream as she felt the come push into her. This only caused another orgasm that coated the inside of my thighs.

We quickly realized that we could not stand around. We had to get back to the hotel room and get our stuff. I looked around for a weapon of some kind and found a broken pool cue that had been discarded. It was only about 8 inches long, so I stuck it in my back pocket so that I could reach it if I needed it. We peeked out of the alley like 2 scared rats and ran as fast as we could back to the hotel.

We did not want to cause a stir when we got back, so we simply walked briskly through the lobby and tried not to appear too anxious as we waited for the elevator. As soon as the door opened to our floor, we completely forgot about being discrete and ran as fast as we could to our door and inserted the key.

Mark was waiting in our chair when we got there. I stuttered out that I thought that vampires were not allowed in unless invited. He laughed as he told me that hotels were public property. They did not count because they were nobody's homes. I also told me that they could survive in daylight, but they were simply weaker because the night was their element.

I was struck with fear as he stood and ordered us to sit on the bed. We did as we were told out of fear of what would happen if we did not. As he stood in front of us, I found the strength within myself and leaped at him. He grabbed my wrists and simply held me up in the air like he was admiring a new painting he had just bought. He looked into my eyes and I started to feel like I was falling asleep. I could only hear his voice in my head telling me that he was my master and I should do what he commanded. I could not stop it; I was falling under his spell and would soon be his willing little puppet.

Suddenly the commanding voice in my head became a shriek of pain. My head fell in exhaustion and I saw a piece of wood sticking out of Mark's chest. Kitiara had seen the broken pool cue sticking out of my back pocket and staked him with it. I fell to the ground as he turned to dust and Kitiara quickly grabbed our belongings. She picked me up and we got out of there quickly. We made it to the Greyhound station and caught the last bus to Toronto. It was over.

We were passing through Niagara Falls after crossing the border when Kitiara leaned into me. "This whole adventure has gotten me so horny. How about a rendezvous in the bathroom?" I was stunned. I looked around and saw that there was only 2 other people on the bus, and they had chosen to sit up front. Besides, they were both asleep. I used my head to nod towards the bathroom and she went right away.

I got there and she was already sitting up on the sink with her legs spread. "I am already wet lover boy and the way you took me in the alley was so hot, I don't want foreplay again this time. Maybe I will get you later in the seats." I smiled as she pulled my cock out and slid it between her legs. 

I knew we had started of as friends with no benefits, and was wondering if it would stop when we got home. Between grunts and thrusts, she pulled me closer and whispered in my ear that she was glad that we had killed Mark. I asked her why and she told me, "I had heard he was making plans to move into my territory, and I couldn't have that"

I felt 2 sharp pricks in my neck before it had registered in my brain what she said.