 I glanced over to the passenger in my car, marveling at her beauty, and my good fortune. She looked back with a soft smile that sent a tingle straight through my spine. God, how I wanted her. It was only a few hours ago that I had met her at the bar, her long blond hair shining even in the dim light of the smoky room. The thin, light blue dress she wore clung to her form, the loose skirt wrapping itself around her legs with every step she took. Her feet were displayed in silver heels, the hem of her dress stopping slightly above her ankles. The scooped neck presented her cleavage to the wandering eye, but hid more than it showed. Somehow, I had the feeling that she wore nothing but that dress, and those perfect breasts were real. 

Those deep blue eyes of hers had captured mine with a single glance, and the smile on her lips seemed inviting enough, so I joined her at her table. The feel of her cool, pale skin when we shook hands sent a shock through me, and I knew that I would do almost anything to take her home. As it turned out, all it took were a few hours of conversation, and a couple glasses of wine. She told me her name was Lily, and I told her mine was Robert. Beyond that, I couldn't remember what we spoke about, but I could remember her scent, which was intoxicating me now, here in my car. 

We pulled up to my house, and I got out first, opening her door for her. I caught a flash of her smooth leg as she stepped out of the car, and my heart seemed to skip a beat. How could she make me feel so nervous, without even trying? Yet that nervousness lent its own excitement to the air. As she passed by me, the back of her hand lightly brushed my groin, and it was all I could do to not groan with the pressure building up inside me. Her eyes glanced at me so innocently that I thought she couldn't possibly have realized what she had done, so sure that slight smile at the corner of her lips was about something else. 

Shaking myself out of my reverie, I closed the car door, and followed her up to the front door. When I reached to unlock the door, she brushed against me again, the soft flesh of her breasts easily felt through the thin fabric of her dress. My hand trembled as I opened the door, letting her go in first, which gave me the chance to admire the sway of her hips as she walked. 

The door closed behind me, and she turned towards me with that mysterious smile of hers, those lush red lips curving softly upward, parting to let her speak in that velvety voice of hers. "You have a very nice home, Robert," she said. Simple words, no suggestive inflection, but the very sound of her voice made me want to take her right there, to rip off that dress, push her down to the carpet, to... 

I forced a calm smile, wondering that I wasn't sweating. I felt so very hot. "Thank you. Um, can I get you something to drink?" She nodded, and I headed towards the small wet bar, folding my jacket over a chair on my way. "What would you like?" 

"Hmm, a Vodka Sour please. Sometimes I enjoy the taste of something slightly bitter." The words rolled off her tongue smoothly, a gentle purr almost slightly suggestive, but I couldn't be sure. The mere thought of what she might mean made me shiver, but I tried to retain my calm, taking the time as I fixed the drink to breathe deeply. That almost made it worse, I could smell her sweet scent from over here. 

I returned to her, handing her the Sour with a smile. In my other hand was a Sour for me. We clinked our glasses in a small toast, and each slugged back a swallow. She smiled at me over the glass, and took another sip; slower. I watched in fascination as her tongue slid out between her lips, caressing an ice cube before dragging it between her lips and swallowing it. I nearly dropped my glass, and hastily set it down on a nearby table.

Lily leaned back against the couch, her legs crossed, one bared by the slit in her dress. "Is something wrong? Is there anything I can do?" I could tell she was amused, but I didn't really care. I couldn't think clearly, all I could see, smell, hear was her; and I wanted to feel and taste her so badly. Her soft, seductive voice spoke up again. "Just ask. You'd be surprised what I'll do for you. But you have to ask. Nicely." A dominatrix. The thought rang through my mind. But to have her, would be worth almost anything. The words came out with surprising ease, "Please, I want to make love to you." She shook her head at me, smiling. 

"I don't make love. I take. I conquer. I'll even fuck, but I don't make love." Those deep blue eyes challenged me, lured me. I felt like I was sinking into them. I said the only words I could say. "Please, take me." The smile that crossed her face could only be described as hunger. She stepped up to me, placing one hand on my shoulder, pushing down with the lightest of pressure. Feeling helpless, I sank to my knees before her. She lifted one leg over my shoulder, the slit in her dress falling open far enough that I could see for sure that she wore nothing else underneath. 

She pressed forward, hard enough that I had to lean back on my arms or fall. I could smell the moist sweetness of her pussy, so temptingly close I had to kiss those soft, pink nether lips. A purr rumbled through her body as she began to grind against me. Thirsty for the taste of her, my lips and tongue caressed and teased her clit before slowly sliding open the petals to her moist womanhood. My tongue caressed the inner edge of those lips, exploring as I circled my way slowly inward, probing delicately as the sweet taste of her juices crept onto my tongue. Her hands tangled in my hair, her other leg swung onto my shoulder, forcing me to lay back or risk falling. 

The muscles in my thighs burned from the awkward position, but it didn't matter. My senses were consumed with her, my eyes gazing up at her as she pushed down, my lips and tongue tasting her sweet taste. I heard her moan with pleasure, her legs shuddering and squeezing tightly around my head as she climaxed, leaving a sticky trail across my lips and cheeks even as I tried to lap up every drop. "Oh yes, more..." she murmured, her hands tangling in my hair as she leaned down. 

I could do nothing but obey, despite the raging need her soft, creamy flesh provoked in me. Every sweet sound of pleasure, every twitch of her hips, every scent of her beautiful body aroused me more, leaving me needing her so badly I could do only what she wanted. Eventually, she placed a hand on my forehead, pushing my head back down as she rose from my face, still shuddering slightly with her last orgasm. 

A moment passed as we both panted for breath. I could see the smile that creased those beautiful blood red lips. She whispered huskily to me, "You've been a good boy. Do one more thing, and I'll give you a reward." Her voice trailed off for a moment as she slid down me, arching slightly, her belly sliding across the bulge in my pants, grinning at me as I moaned with almost painful pleasure. "I know what you want so badly. You'll have it, and more, if you can guess my real name. Lily's just my nickname." 

I gaped at her a moment, confused, as she undid my buckle, and slid my pants off slowly. A shudder of anticipation ran through me as her lips touched my legs slowly, teasingly crossing my inner thigh, then finally brushing my swollen manhood. Her eyes rested on mine tauntingly as her thin fingers grasped the base of my shaft delicately, applying pressure where it would keep me from climaxing. A small whimper escaped as those rosebud lips kissed the head of my cock, then slowly slid over it. She took me into her mouth, lips and tongue working my shaft expertly as she pushed me towards climax, but kept me away from the brink. 

The world narrowed down till she seemed to be the only thing in existence other than me. Desperate, aching for that release, I gasped out a poor guess for her name. "Lillian?" Her teeth scraped my shaft, the shock painful after the sweet softness of her lips and tongue. My mind raced, and eventually I thought of one other name close to Lily. Her lips and tongue began pulling harder at me, almost encouragingly, while those intense eyes didn't let go of me, as if she could read my thoughts. Moaning and trembling helplessly, I gasped my second guess for her name. "Lilith..." 

Screaming my ecstasy, my hips arched upward as I orgasmed, a powerful climax as she sucked on me, drinking up every ounce of my cum. The sharp point of her tongue probed into the opening of my cock, teasing out a few more drops as I collapsed, shaken by the raw power of the climax. I had to shut my eyes for a moment, my mind reeling, but she gave me no chance to recover. 

When I felt her hands climb up my chest, I opened my eyes to see her straddling me, every ounce of her naked flesh glistening softly as she mounted me savagely. Gasping with pleasure, my hands grasped her thighs, caressing them as she leaned over me with a grin. "You are going to be so delicious, my little pet," she purred, as her nails grabbed my shirt, tearing my skin as she ripped off the last of my clothing, a fierce pleasure in her eyes as she rode me hard, her powerful hips slamming down hard onto me. 

"Lilith is indeed my name, my real name. For I am the first Lilith." I looked at her in disbelief for a moment, a reaction she must have known would come, for already she was changing. Those blue eyes of hers darkened, turning almost fathomlessly black as her skin darkened, now a bloody crimson, providing an erotic contrast against my own. Her hips continued to thrust against me, enveloping me in her moist heat as she pushed me towards another climax. 

A spark of delight flared in those beautifully evil eyes when I shivered with a faint dread. Eagerly, she leaned down to kiss me deeply, more deeply than I had ever been kissed before, for her tongue slid down my throat so far that for a moment I thought I was going to suffocate. When she pulled back, her now sharp teeth glistened with blood, my blood, the stinging of my lips and tongue told me. 

My fingers dug into her thighs desperately, aroused now more than ever as she pounded down on me with lusty hunger, the black wings spreading from her back arching in pleasure. I gave a gasp of surprise as her hand slid over my throat suddenly. I couldn't make any sound at all as her hand closed tightly, choking me as she rode me, the carnal hunger in her eyes letting me know the thought of killing excited her even more. She leaned down to whisper in my ear, her perfect breasts brushing my chest as she did so, "All you have to do to live, is to not cum." A soft laugh follows that, for she can see how much I need her, so strong a desire to please her that the sight of my blood on her lips aroused me further.

Even as pleasure and ecstasy pound towards climax, so does darkness and death with every pounding of my heart. She pulls her head back to lock eyes with me, her body writhing along mine with every hungry, demanding thrust, watching me with deep pleasure as my cock throbs inside of her pussy, her purr rumbling through me until I climax helplessly, my hot seed spilling into her even as darkness closed over my mind. 

Slowly, surprised to find myself alive, I awoke to find myself in a bed, the guest bed, with no lights lit in the room. The aching of my neck told me that I had nearly died, she had brought me so extremely close. Remembering the carnal ecstasy that came with my near death caused me to gasp, aching by simple comparison to the moment of pure pleasure.

Her soft laughter drifted to me from a corner, as she stepped toward the bed, letting moonlight fall on her naked crimson flesh, provoking another wave of desire in me. A dark smile crossed her lips as she stood over me. "Seeing you almost die was so delightful I almost couldn't keep from killing you right there and then. You have been fun, and guess what, you have one more chance to live." 

Her smile turned into a feral grin. "I'm going into your bedroom, and I'm going to lay on your bed. All you have to do to live is resist temptation. Stay here, and sleep, or masturbate, or whatever you want until dawn, but if you come to me, if you lay with me one more time, I'll kill you. A brief, bloody brutal death as you reach the last, but most powerful climax of your life." 

I knew it was wrong, twisted and evil, but her words only stirred me more, and a moan of desire passed my lips. She only purred softly, and stepped away from the bed. I heard the door open and close as she stepped out, and again as she walked into the master bedroom. Feeling feverishly hot, but weak, I lay there almost helplessly for a long time. Finally I stood, swaying slightly, but I already knew that I had enough strength. Even as I stepped out into the corridor, new strength seemed to surge through me, the strength of madness maybe, for what more insane act could I commit? 

But I had no choice. The thought of living without her touch, of having this aching want inside of me for years, never fulfilled, was unbearable. My feet took me straight and true, my hand finding the doorknob without any fumbling. When I walked in, I found her spread out on my bed, highlighted by candles spread throughout the room. Her delicately clawed hand slid over her flesh, nails scraping softly over her breasts and belly, leading my eyes to her pink nether lips. 

Her husky whisper taunted my ears. "Come to me, unleash your passions. Let me enfold you in my flesh, take you so deep as I kill you slowly. Let me taste your blood as you give me your soul. I want to taste your death as you taste final ecstasy." Every word drew me closer, slowly stepping into her embrace. She moaned softly into my ear as I slid into her flesh, her muscles tightening about my shaft as her legs wrapped around my hips. 

Groaning in pleasure, I thrust into her, feeling her claws dig into my back as she arched up against me, our bodies moving quickly into a heated rhythm. Her fingers tore into my back with every thrust, her legs squeezing tight around me. It hurt so much, but I needed her so badly it didn't matter. Her lips found mine in a passionate kiss, as her eyes caught mine, lusting carnally for my death orgasm. Those sweet lips slid off my own, finding their way to my neck where her fangs sank slowly into my flesh. As pleasure, ecstasy, and agony built together towards climax, I realized that giving my life to her like this was what I had truly craved for so long; the absolute and final sexual surrender. 

She began to purr against my throat, blood dribbling from my neck as she sank her fangs in even further, her legs now painfully tight as I thrust desperately into her, feeling her body buck against me with every thrust. My blood was slick between us now as I approached peak, lubricating our heaving bodies. At last I completed my surrender, a pounding surf of ecstasy overwhelming me, the sudden increase of pain only serving sharp contrast to it. Even as my hot seed exploded into her once more, her fangs sank deep into me, tearing my throat out as I tried to scream, her claws tearing my back into pieces. The last thing I saw as darkness overwhelmed me was her swallowing my heart whole, and with it... my soul.