 It was the part of Wakefield Manor where I felt most at home, all green leather, polished oak and the odour of antiquity. The room was cavernous and gloomy even at noon. The walls were covered from floor to ceiling with shelves that groaned under the wisdom of the ages, books far older than the manor itself. The light filtering in through the small windows, set at regular intervals high on one wall, did little to dispel the darkness. It merely softened the ebony into gray and cast a ghostly pallor on the leather bound volumes on the shelves. I didn't mind the darkness. I found it comforting. I always have.

I guess a good library is one of the perks of immortality. I have had a lot of time to grow a collection. I know I should travel light, but I have never been able to resist a good read. Eternity is a long time and I actually marvel at the fact that I haven't picked up more than I have.

That day, as I paused for a moment at the door, allowing my eyes to adjust to the darkness, I noticed that I was not alone. My eyes were drawn to the soft pool of light in the middle of the room and Benjamin, sitting at one of the tables, his back to me. He was hunched over some volume that was spread open on the table before him and was regarding it so intently that he did not notice my entry.

I don't usually take kindly to strangers rifling through my books without permission, but I was feeling well disposed towards my new acquisition. The poor boy was an orphan and I reminded myself to treat him kindly. Benjamin had never known his mother. She had died giving birth to him. His father, who had been the parish priest of Lumley, a pleasant little hamlet down the road, had recently met with a rather unfortunate accident. A fire broke out in the parsonage and the poor man was roasted alive.

I didn't see the dead body though I happened to be passing by when the fire was finally put out. The constable thought the vision would be too much for my "delicate sensibilities" and that I would be quite overcome. How thoughtful of him. But the ones that did see the corpse before it was wrapped up swore that even though his face was like burnt toast, they could tell that his features were twisted with horror. It was as though the priest before he died had come face to face with his worst nightmare. 

They couldn't imagine what that could be, but didn't hesitate to speculate with the morbid eagerness of those glad to be alive. There were some clues at the scene of the accident. In the smoked out ruins of the parsonage were found burnt fragments of ancient parchment. The altar boy remembered that the priest had not been himself lately. His nose had been buried for days in some yellowed manuscripts that he would scarcely abandon even to eat or drink. When the boy's curiosity had gotten the better of him and he had asked the priest what he was reading, the man had looked up with vacant, red rimmed eyes and mumbled something about exorcizing a demon. Fancy that!

Well, he was certainly an eccentric sort of chap. He would fish out a tiny silver crucifix every time I passed him on the street. And the one time that I had gone for confession and he had found me sitting, demurely, in the box, he had run screaming down the aisle and out of the church. It had been beyond embarrassing.

We did give him a fine funeral nevertheless. The villagers were very generous in their praise and when Benjamin got up to speak, he looked such a picture of angelic innocence with those soft brown eyes and clear brow, that there wasn't a dry eye in the house. While the women sniffled into their lace handkerchiefs, I put my arm around the boy and consoled him.

"You will need a roof now your father is gone. Will you come home with me?" 

I could feel the warmth of his skin and the slow steady beat of the blood pumping through his veins. I was suddenly impatient for an answer and anxious as to what it might be. He nodded shyly. Everyone looked pleased, no doubt secretly relieved that they would not have to grapple with the question of what to do with the young man. It was all rather touching.

