 It was late Friday afternoon, time to begin a long 3 day weekend so I wrapped things up in my office and headed out. A few of my coworkers invited me to go to a club near the office for some end of week celebrating but I declined saying I was going home, then to a sports bar near my house for happy hour.

I quickly drove home, changed my clothes and was out the door walking to the bar which was only about half a mile down the street on the corner. The place was great, lots of TV's to watch whatever sporting events were going on. A long "L" shaped bar which I managed to find an empty seat at, in the corner. I sat down and ordered my first beer from the bartender. Next to me was Charlie, I recognized him from the neighborhood. We exchanged idle chat for awhile then he excused himself as he needed to use the restroom.

As he left his seat, the whole place seemed to quiet down, I looked up to see why. In walked one of the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my life. She strode with a confidence like no other. She had long, long reddish blond hair with black streaks. Her eyes, were like green crystals, her lips full glistened with lipstick that matched the smokey gray eye shadow she wore. 

She wore only a tight black leather vest for a top, which strained to contain her solid ample breasts which looked to be "DD" cups at least. 

This left her tattooed arms and shoulders exposed, her skin art was as mesmerizing as the woman that wore it. She wore what seemed to be painted on black denim distressed jeans, with slits in all the right places. Her stiletto ankle boots finished off her outfit with perfection.

She didn't exactly blend in with the whole sports bar thing, but I didn't give shit, this woman couldn't give a fuck.

She scanned the bar for an empty seat and smiled when she saw the one next to me. She sat down, pushed the Charlie's stuff away and settled in. I wanted to tell her the seat was already taken but my tongue was broken at the time, and I knew I would sound like an idiot if I tried to speak.

"Hey, I was sitting there!" charlie objected.

"Yes you were" she said without even turning to look at him, "Now I am sitting here, thank you for holding this seat for me, now leave!"

I was ready for an argument to ensue, but to my surprise, he just walked away. I thought to myself, there is more to this gorgeous creature then meets the eye.

The bartender came over to her and asked what she wanted'

"I'll have a Corona and a shot of Patron, and give my friend here a shot as well."

I hadn't yet spoken a word to her yet and she bought me a shot my favorite Tequila.

"Thank you!" I said, "The next ones on me."

She held out her hand and said "Names Alex, nice to meet you...?"

"Pete, believe me the pleasure is all mine." Taking her hand and giving it a shake.

"Wow, a gentleman, something rare to find these days."

"You certainly dismissed Charlie rather quickly."

She looked at me, tilted her head, gave me a sly smile and said "Oh that's just something I can do...you know!"

I wasn't quite sure exactly what she meant by that but I did have an inkling.

The barkeep brought our shots and her beer, She held up her glass and said "To Friday, and beyond."

I held up mine, we clinked glasses, "To Friday!" I said and again she added "And beyond!"

This, I thought, is going to be a very interesting weekend.

We shared several more beers and shots, as well as stories and sexual exploits we've had, which she was very open about, which I attributed to the amount of alcohol we had consumed. 

"Lets get out of here and go someplace more private." she said, "Besides I need some fresh air."

As we walked I said "I am sorry but I gotta ask, how old are you? It's just that your experiences leave me to believe you are so much older than you look, which I thought to be about 22 or 23."

"Now you know you are never supposed to ask a woman her age right?"

"Yes, you are right, I am sorry for asking."

We walked a little farther and she stopped. "This is you right?"

I was so mesmerized by this woman and my fortune for having met her, that I was not paying attention to where we were walking. I stopped looked up and realized we were in front of my house.

How do you...how did you know..." She put her right index finger up to my lips and said "Shhh..There are things you don't know, cannot know about me, just let whatever happens this evening, happen. I promise you this, you will never forget tonight, you will never forget me. I cannot promise however, we will ever see each other again after this, that will be entirely up to you. I may leave you with questions you have never thought to ask, but know this, it will be real, something you have never dreamed of, not yet anyway!"

"With that said, I will give you this one opportunity to say no. I'll be on my way and therefore guarantee we shall never meet again. So what is it, do we walk into this house together or do you enter it alone, like you have for far to many nights until now? "

I took her hand and led the way up the concrete walkway, up the wooden stairs, the sound of her stiletto heels in rhythm with my heartbeat, I wondered what I was getting myself into. I just knew one thing, I had to experience the things she had in store for me, because not knowing, denying myself this...whatever it was, the curiosity, and what was to come of it was way to much to bare.

Once inside the house, her whole demeanor changed, I closed and locked the door, she was on me, pressing her young body into me as if she were trying to engulf me into her. She pressed her lips to mine, her long tongue entering my mouth, dancing and swirling with mine. Her huge breasts pushing against my chest, her arms around my neck pulling me into her.

"I need this, I need you." She said in a deep husky almost animal like voice.

We began ripping each others clothes off, she jumped on me her arms around my neck, her legs wrapped around my waist, I carried her like that into the bedroom. She dropped to her knees, staring at my cock, licking it, then taking the entire length into her mouth.

"Don't you dare cum, I need your cum in my pussy! That is the only way this can work, understand?"

"Yes my Goddess, whatever you desire!"

"I like that...Goddess!"

She engulfed my cock once again, grabbed and massaged my balls which seemed like they were ready to burst as she squeezed them tightly. 

She stood up, our bodies still pressed tightly together she kissed me deeply once again, her left hand still squeezing my balls, her right pulling my head closer to hers, my arms wrapped around her into me even tighter'

"These balls a full of your cum, I need it, all of it tonight I will take every last drop." With that she licked and kissed her way to my neck the shoulder, I felt her teeth bite me along the way. I think she was feeling for the perfect spot, she bit down on my skin, not enough to do any harm, but just enough to hold it in place. Then I felt it, just a little pinch at first, but then it felt as if a hook shaped tooth had come from the roof of her mouth. She released her venom into me'

I let out at short scream in horror, but then felt this incredible feeling of energy surging through my body. Whatever she had done to me, I had never felt so alive in my life. My cock grew longer, harder and thicker then I had ever thought possible.

"Now are you ready? Do not be afraid of what you are about to see or experience, as I said you will never forget me. This is what I truly am."

As she lowered her cunt onto my throbbing cock, her entire body began to morph into a creature I had never seen before. Her skin turned a purplish blue, her sides a reddish brown, horns grew out of her head. She grew wings as black as night, her fingers grew long nails, her slithered tongue came out of her mouth so long she could lick my face with it as she straddled my cock. 

She began gyrating up and down on my cock, it seemed to grow even longer as she squeezed it with her pussy, tightening and loosening its grip on me. 

She kept slithering her tongue inside my mouth, pushing, forcing it down my throat just to the point of choking me. Then drawing it all the way back inside her own mouth. She stared down at me her eyes had turned from those crystal green ones I saw at the bar, to red then dark, black deep ebony eyes.

She spoke in a deep throaty voice.

"You are right, I am your Goddess, Your Succubus. You will thinks this a dream, after I take your cum and bleed you of all your energy. You will awaken and question your reality of what took place here tonight."

She continued this for I have no idea how long. When she finally willed me to cum, I again had never felt anything like it before. Instead of releasing spurt after throbbing spurt, She emptied my balls in one long gush deep inside her pussy.

She drained me of my cum, of my energy, all of it, I passed out. 

When I awoke, I was disoriented, it was dark out. Could it be I had only slept a few hours. I looked at the clock on the side of the bed, it read 7:45. I realized it was Saturday night, I had lost an entire day. I wondered what had happened to me, the very last thing I could remember was leaving work on Friday afternoon.

I decided a shower would work wonders to clear the cobwebs from my brain. As I began to wash and touched the warm soapy cloth to my shoulder, a shocking jolt of pain shot from there to my groin, I jumped from the shower to look in the mirror.

There was a single large puncture wound on my shoulder.

I remembered!