 I am awakened by a loud creaking. It's the front door. I think, I've actually never used it. Listening carefully and just barely, I hear someone hushing another. Sounds like a male. Mmm I do hope it's an elf. Male elves are so delicious.

I wasn't expecting anyone to come here and it seemed like the perfect place for a temporary base. Not too close yet not too far away from a middling sized farming town. Less than an hour's straight flight. The tower feels to have been abandoned for years while still in pretty good shape. The upper balcony provides the perfect access to fly in and out so as to not leave any noticeable traces. Unlike the apparently creaky front door. Surprising really, that no one else has taken up residence. Not that it matters, I'll be gone in a few days, this town isn't big enough to support my hungers for long.

I can hear them clearly now, two beings trying, not very carefully it seems, to be quiet. A little giggling is going on. The two most obvious scenarios are two youths, entering a 'haunted tower' on a dare, or a pair of would be lovers looking for a place to kiss and perhaps more. Having to scare away children is so tiresome, I really hope it's lovers. My smile grows, oh, I'll give them a little something more. And they will love me for it. 

But first, let's see just who these people are... I use my Detect Thoughts and concentrate. Yes, a male, sadly human and a female. She wants to hug and kiss while naturally he's hoping for a lot more. Mmm tasty treats coming to visit. I lick my lips in carnal anticipation.

Quietly, quieter than the two below, my bare feet step out on the balcony. On silent wings, I glide down and around the tower. To the front door, and look, it is so nice of them to leave it open for me. I step in and I can hear them breathing to the left. No...I can hear one of them, the girl whispering, looking for the boy. And where is the oth... ah he's circling round to give her a little fright. Well, don't worry darling, I'll save you from the big bad boy... although, whoever shall will save you from me?  

I step out and "Pst." She whirls and her eyes have just enough time to widen in fright at the sight of me before I force my will upon her. Easily Dominated and she is mine. I point to my feet and make her walk to me. She fights but control of her body is no longer hers and I can feel her terror. She shivers in fear but can do nothing about it, as I inspect her body. 

Mmm old enough, around twenty I'm guessing, but not quite the way I like my girls: her breasts are a little small. Not quite a hand full. Long legs though. Her hips could be a little wider but I'll try not to hold that against her. But I will hold them against me. My mouth waters in anticipation. She'll do for a night of distraction.

With a smile I take her chin and force her to look into my eyes. For a second I see more than fear. I'm not sure but I could swear there was a brief flash of... what? Desire? Not possible, I can smell her fear, she's terrified of me. And rightfully so. Roughly I pull her face to mine and kiss her, biting her lip, then push her from me and point to the stairs. With a whisper filled with dark promise and lust I command her, "Go upstairs quietly and wait for me on the bed. I'll be there to play with you soon." My grin stretches even further as the girl turns and starts climbing. She has no choice and I can feel through my Domination, her fear, her struggle to break my control and something else. Something... fluttering? I bend my will on her and overpower all her struggles. With a smile, I turn to the doorway, in anticipation of Mr. Meal Time.

I can hear him, breathing excitedly, as he sneaks up to the open door, thinking his girl is searching for him. I stand inside the open doorway, in just the right spot. He jumps through the door with a yell and lands right within my reach. My arms quickly wrap him tight and pull him against my naked body.

I plant his face between my breasts. His second yell of surprise and fear is muffled, and he struggles. While he is a strapping young farm boy, almost a man, I am a demon and much stronger. One hand on the back of his head and the other wrapped around and planted on his ass, I hold him tight against me and let my naked body work their erotic charms on him. It never takes long.

His hands are pushing against my chest but he lacks the strength. I keep caressing and squeezing his ass checks. So nice and firm. Then I shift and one of his hands slips and is on my breast. He finally realizes what his face is in between, and just what exactly his holding; his yelling stops. I push my chest out a little and wriggle. He gives me a little squeeze and I purr. I pull his face to the left and slip a nipple against his lips. Hesitantly he takes it between hip lips, and we both moan. 

He ravishes my breast with a hunger: his hands exploring my body. I grind my hips against him and I feel his manhood rising to attention. I smile as I know he is almost mine! And I so hunger for him. I back him up against the wall and take his chin in my hand, making him look into my eyes. He is entranced by my beauty. Reaching down to stroke his hard cock through his pants, I huskily ask, "You like that?" I wiggle my breasts, and his hands resume their lustful exploration. His eyes are wide in wonder and fear and lust. Before he can think twice, I plunge my hand down the front of his pants and give a squeeze before rubbing his erect manhood skin to skin. With a moan he pulls me against him while his mouth seeks mine. And with that kiss, that lustful willing surrender, his fate is sealed.

My hunger flares yet I try to draw his essence into me slowly, through our kiss. Relishing it. At first he doesn't notice until I draw a little harder. As he senses something is off, he struggles and tries to push me away. I take his hands from my chest and hip slide them back onto my breasts. I draw on his essence again, knowing it greatly increases the sexual pleasure of the 'donor'. Once that pleasure starts, no one has ever willingly stopped it. Another half hearted push and he hesitates then is squeezing and pinching my nipples again. His will to deny his own canal lust has fled and once more he quickly succumbs to my charms, my naked body. My silken caressing hand. He kisses me again.

I pull a little more essence from him before breaking the kiss, while increasing my tempo on his manhood, stroking the full length of his hard shaft. "You want me to stop? I love the feel of having you in my hand. Your so hard" And he is. His cock is slightly longer than average but a little thin for my tastes. He would never do as a slave. I push his head down to my chest. "Don't you like my breasts?" I wrap a leg around him as I spin us round and let him pin me to the wall. His mouth greedily suckles on my nipple and I let slip a purr of pleasure. And anticipation.

He moans as I undo his pants and let them fall to the floor. I take one of his hands and place it between my legs, "I want to feel you inside me." I whisper into his ear. He looks up with lust and I kiss him again. Once more I go slow, drawing on his essence and he sags against me. I hold him up and greatly increase my rhythm on his manhood. His hand wavers until I place my own over his and rock my hips against him. His fingers find my fold and are quickly covered in my juices. Eagerly he slips one inside me and I moan into our kiss.

He is close. Close to release and close to death. Tongues exploring each other's mouths, hands working their sexual magic, until he shudders and cums in my hand. He moans loudly with pleasure as I stroke his pulsing, spurting cock while drawing hard through our kiss. I pull every bit of precious essence quickly from his body, trying to get it all while his orgasm lasts. He sags and his body begins to shrivels even though his cock remains rock hard. That's always the last to shrivel. He's stopped spurting but I don't stop stroking. He's moaning in complete ecstasy in spite of being almost dead. And still I draw from him, until there is nothing left. An empty lifeless skin bag of bones and shrivelled flesh that I left slump to the floor.

I look with mild disgust at his seed on my hand and wrist. I almost wipe it off on his shirt and stop. I feel a wicked smile over come me. There is after all, a sweet young girl upstairs waiting for me. To use as my play thing. To awaken her true appetites. To corrupt. I'm sure she'll be more than happy to clean me up. And if not, well, all the more sweet as I force her body as her mind howls. Until she breaks.

With my physical hunger satisfied, I slowly sway my way up the stairs. The cool air feels good on my bare skin. Like a good girl she waits for me, sitting on the edge of the bedroll, while her fear is apparent. She has her hands tightly clasped and my blanket drawn up. She has been crying. 

"Come to me." I call from the doorway and she does. I can feel her fear and confusion as well as her desperation to wrest control of her body from me. To deny doing my bidding. I pull her into my arms and kiss her deeply. I make her lips part and her tongue hesitantly probes my mouth. I feel her... her... desire? Deeply hidden under her fear. Yet still she fights me. Should I break her now? Make her my plaything through and through? No, I can sense something in her, almost as if she... I can't place it and really, I don't care, time for fun. And sex.

Through my Domination, I compel her to wrap her arms around me and she does. Then her hands are hesitantly exploring all on their own. This is unexpected. Exciting. I have only used the mildest of compulsions and she is almost willing. I can feel some excitement mixed in with her fear. I can also feel, to my surprise, her hands caressing and squeezing my ass! 

I break the kiss and ask her, "Does this excite you? Do you like the feel of my naked body?"" she shakes her head in denial yet she pants with desire. I use my tail and slowly caress my way up her legs. At its touch, she jumps and looks down and gasps. "Don't mind my tail. It can be very naughty sometimes." A hand on her chin and I force her to look up into my eyes. "I know you like my breasts. Don't you want to touch them?" I can sense she does, but she makes no move to release the cheeks of my ass. Interesting... I compel her to suckle my nipple and I feel her pleasure spike and for the first time, she doesn't fight me. Oh my! 

She takes to my breast with surprising enthusiasm and I feel my own passion mounting, but first things first. I push her away and hold out my hand. "Clean this up. Lick his seed from my skin." I command, forcing her with my Domination. And not gently. I could easily make her like it, enjoy it, but I sense I don't need to. She instantly drops to her knees and slowly drags her tongue across my wrist. With a moan she swallows his sticky juice and I make her lap up more. I am getting incredibly turned on. 

I slid my tail up between her legs and I can feel the heat and moisture of her desire. Oh my! What wonderful prizes I have won this night. I continue rubbing her crotch with my tail and I can sense through my Domination her crumbling reservations. And mounting desire. When she runs out of seed to lap up, she stops and looks up at me. Is that fear in her eyes? Or desire? Pleading?

I pull her to her feet and wrap us both in my wings as I hungerly kiss her. Her mouth, her neck, then in her ear, I whisper, "Don't you want to show me your body? To be naked: like me? With me?" I push her away and she stands shivering. She wants to but she is scared. Well, I am a demon after all. Horns, wings. Superb body. So I force the issue and compel her to strip. As she stands in front of me almost ripping her clothes off I play with my breasts and she watches, almost can't tear her eyes away from my playing hands. 

When she is down to her panties, I make her stop then force her to play with her own breasts. They are small, firm. Her nipples are already hard and she lets slip a moan of pleasure. I feel I don't have to impose my will on her anymore, but I do it anyway. I sense that she may like to be compelled to do this. I walk behind her, and stand pressing my body against her warm back. I slide my hands round her hips and up and play with her breasts. One hand covers mine as I play with her and the other reaches back and pulls my head down to her neck.

Well, this is interesting. Perhaps I won't be breaking her mind. I'm not sure how I feel about that. Feeling my playthings howl in their mind as I force them to do yummy things to my body is half the fun. I nuzzle her ear and neck, and caress her with my tail. Around her legs, up between her breasts, tracing a circle around her navel. I slid the full length between her legs, against her mound back and forth, back and forth. She's panting now, with desire and her juices are soaking through her panties. 

I force her to pull them aside so I can rub my tail against her bare swollen mound. One quick flick over her love button and she gasps as she leans back into me. Back and forth against her and my tail now glistens with her juices. With a wicked smile I tell her, "You will pleasure me and you will want to. You will enjoy it. Love it." Then pulling her in tight I rub against her again and whisper lustily in her ear, "You will beg for it." 

Then I push her away and with force I command her, "Take off your panties! Now! Play with yourself!" Instantly she throws herself down on my bedroll and can't get her panties off fast enough. One hand on her breast, the other rubbing and plunging in her pussy. She is so wet I can hear the sloppy sounds over her loud moans of pleasure. "Look at me!" I command and make her watch as I also play with myself. I make her watch as I slowly slide a finger inside myself. Make her watch as I pull it out again and suck my own juices off before fingering myself once more. I can see her mounting passion; can see she is getting close.

"Stop!" And she fights me, fights for control, harder than she ever has before. She so badly wants to continue, desperate to cum, but I won't let her. I force her body to obey and make her lay back, spread eagle as she gasps and whimpers. Her eyes blaze with lust and pleading. I lazily smile and stroke her face. "You want this?" I squeeze her breast then gently bite her nipple. "You want, this?" and my tail teases her dripping pussy. "Then you must earn it!" I say harshly and compel her to kiss me, compel her to stroke my body. 

I can sense her trepidation returning. It is one thing to give into the erotic pleasures of your own flesh, but something else to perform such carnal acts on another person. Especially a demon, no matter how sexy I am. 

I pull her on top and make her lay between my open legs. I purr with pleasure as she squeezes my breasts, and I place my hand on the back of her head, forcing her down to a nipple.

Fear and disgust and desire have all resumed their war within her, I can feel it through my Domination. It excites me to feel her giving in, surrendering to her carnal lusts. Usually my unwilling playthings are mentally gibbering in terror by now as I force them be my sex slave. This is a new experience for me and it's really making me hot!

I compel her hand down my flat stomach, over my mound. I feel her heart skip a beat as I make her rub my pussy. I can feel her desire quicken when I make her slid a finger inside me and I moan with the pleasure of flesh and the pleasure of her wicked corruption. 

I release the compulsion and she stops, finger inside me, nipple in her mouth. I sense the battle that wages inside her, she is so close to caving in. I smile and lift her face to mine and kiss her, deeply. My tongue probes her lips and her mouth opens. I probe again and her tongue entwines with mine as she moans. Her internal conflict is over, the war is lost. She succumbs to desire and her hands continue their carnal dance. I reward her by sliding my tail between her legs and rubbing against her wet pussy some more. 

I push her head back down and she suckles on my breasts again. But that is not what I want, what I need, and I push her down further. She hesitates and her finger stops inside my pussy. So I compel her down between my legs. Compel her to continue fingering me. Compel her face right up to my wet sopping mound and stop. She can't help but smell my sex, feel the heat of my flesh on her face, she is so close. I make her watch as she slides her finger in and out of me.

Then I make her taste the juices coating her finger, make her lick every drop. She moans, the sound muffled her the finger as she sucks on it. I'm not sure if its from the taste or the act or the compulsion. Either way she loves it. I release the hold I have on her body and slowly she slides her finger back in, then gently pumps me. My hips rock to her pace and it is my turn to moan in pleasure. 

Then she does it, all on her own. I feel her hot wet tongue lick my sopping pussy! The sensation is incredible but it is the knowledge of her inner suppression released, her sexual awakening. Her corruption. That thought alone really drives me wild. 

I gasp with pleasure and pull her face into me with a hand on the back of her head. Her tongue explores as she works her finger inside me while I knead and squeeze my breasts as I squirm. Her lips lock onto my clit and she slips a second finger inside, making me gasp. I want to taste her. I want to feel her squirming on my tongue. 

I barely manage to resist the powerful urge. Not yet, not yet. I so want to take her but I'll make her beg me for it first. Her legs have wrapped tightly around my tail and she's trying to hump it, moaning into my pussy with the pleasure of it.

Her fingers continue while she's sucking tightly on my clit, driving me wild. Faster now she pumps, fucking me harder. I can feel my juices running down the crack of my ass. She slips a third finger into me as her other hand reaches up and squeezes my breast, pinching my nipple and it sends me over the edge of ecstasy! 

With a scream I cum, shaking as I pull her head tighter against my pussy. Greedily she sucks on my clit until I can't take it anymore, then laps my juices, slowing her finger fucking. As she licks the juices from her coated hand, she slides her body up mine and kisses me, her tongue greedy in my mouth. I lick my juices off her face then smile, wickedly.

I compel her body to lock and flip us over. Her eyes go wide as I bite her neck, her breasts, the insides of her thighs. I drag my nails across her flesh. I lean in and roughly kiss her, bite her lip. Then I lay on top of her and begin teasing her wet pussy again with my tail while I squeeze her breasts. Slowly and more gently I run my hands, my tail, my tongue over her body. I tease and caress and nip.

I feel her desire but I have her body locked, she can't even tremble. I bend my head and give her a deep lingering kiss as I slide my tail back down between her legs again. I part her dripping lips and whisper "Has a man taken you?" I tease her opening, pushing slightly but not entering, drawing circles around her canal with the tip, while gently rubbing her clit with my fingers. "Have you let anyone in yet?" I push the tip of my tail in, just a bit then out again. Again and again, each time just a little bit deeper, but never enough to actually penetrate. I can feel her fighting me again, so desperate for control, so wanting to impale herself on my tail. "Do you want this? Do you want...me?"

I release some control and she moans and squirms against me. With her hands she tries to push my tail in. I deny her and continue teasing. I bring my tail up and slip it between her lips and make her suck on it before returning it to its teasing probing of her desperate pussy. I continue to probe and rub, making sure to coat myself with her juices.
