 In the innermost chamber of the succubi fortress I found the queen. Dressed obscenely like the rest of her kind, the succubus queen radiated an air of dominance and pressure. She looked toward me as I burst through the door, sword at the ready. The succubus smiled confidently, slowly standing from her throne. Wordlessly she calmly stepped down from the dais, approaching me. It was show-time. She clicked her fingers, giving me a sense of dark magic closing in. It hit me, ripping my pants from my body. I looked down in a moment of panic, before realising that my own magic prevented hers from affecting my actual body. In my distraction however, she rushed towards me. I noticed just in time, bringing my sword up for a quick and broad slash. Bypassing it easily, the succubus ducked underneath my high slash and quickly put her lips to mine, long enough only to flick her tongue inside of my mouth before bounding forward again, around me and dodging my second slash. What the fuck was she doing, trying to make out with me? I had to admit, she did taste nice. 

 Being more careful the second time, I moved forward slowly with my blade in a defensive position. The succubus queen seemed amused by my caution, and dashed forward. She attempted to run around my side, so I held my sword with one arm and slashed widely. As soon as I committed to the movement, she immediately changed course, and moved straight towards me, my arm swinging harmlessly away from her. In the moment before I could get my sword brought back to bear, the succubus leapt toward me. Instead of attacking me while I was vulnerable, she reached behind my head and pushed my head into her ample cleavage before using her wings to fault over my head. Damn it, she was so fast! 

 I could feel myself hardening from first the kiss and then the comfort of her chest. Turning to face my enemy once more, I saw her looking at my bare dick swinging around in the air. She stifled a giggle, and I felt my cheeks redden in embarrassment. 

 Once again she made the offensive, dashing towards me with insane speed. This time she moved straight toward me, apparently done with playing around. I lunged toward her, attempting to meet direct assault with direct assault. Instead of continuing with her charge however, the succubus dropped and slid underneath my slash, whipping my sword arm with her tail as she went. The unexpected pain made me release my grip on the sword, a loud clang reverberating around the room as the blade hit the ground. After a moment cradling my stinging hand, I realised the danger and reached for my sword, only to find myself being pulled from behind. Losing my balance, I fell backwards and onto my back, hitting my head hard on the ground and briefly losing consciousness.

 I quickly regained my senses, and as I did I saw the succubus quickly but calmly kneel beside me and put hands to my erect dick. Still mentally and physically sluggish from my fall, I moaned as I felt the unexpected stimulation. She started smoothly rubbing me with both hands in long, confident strokes. As I gained more strength, I knew I needed to get out of this quickly. Yet... It felt so good. Lesser succubi entered the room – they finally caught up. Knowing the danger, I told myself I needed to get up and go; the succubus queen wasn't holding me down with force. 

 Up and down the succubus' hands went, pumping with a strong and steady rhythm. The lesser succubi were nearly upon me, every one of them with a wide grin on her face. I felt my body relaxing more and more as I felt the succubus queen milking me with her hands. My only opportunity to escape was about to end as the succubi were nearly upon me; if I was to escape I would need to do so now. 

 Up and down went the queen's hands, erotically and hypnotically. I sighed as she started making wringing movements with her hands, and moments later the other succubi were upon me. One mounted my body, pinning me to the ground with her weight. A different succubi knelt beside the queen and reached her hands underneath, gently massaging my balls. Another two surrounded my head, one of the latter moving in to kiss me on the mouth. The scent in the air was thick with their pheromones. I relaxed as the succubus in front of me moved her glossy black lips to me, and let her tongue push into my mouth. I knew I shouldn't allow succubi such opportunities to sap my strength, but at the same time I couldn't see why I should resist. The queen succubus was increasing the speed of her milking as the demoness above me pushed around my tongue inside my mouth, filling me with the sweet taste of her spit. The demoness kissing me stopped, and that on the other side – her lips a bright red – brought her head down as replacement. Placidly allowing myself to be subdued, I opened my lips for her. 

 I could feel myself approaching an orgasm. Ejaculating at the hands of succubi - literally - was a guaranteed ticket to the afterlife; if I wanted to live I would attempt to somehow struggle out of this. 

 But I didn't. I relaxed even further as the queen changed her movements to long strokes at the base with one hand and quick, twisting strokes of the tip with the other. For the first time, the queen succubus spoke. Her low, sultry voice only heightened what I thought was my maxed out arousal.

"It's over. Give in, sweetheart. Just relax now."

 With a demoness' tongue in my mouth, a succubus astride me and two pairs of silky hands playing with me, I convinced myself there was nothing else to be done. Feeling myself on the edge of orgasm, I obeyed the queen succubus and gave in. Relaxed, I came, with tremendous amounts of my seed pouring from me, thrown uselessly into the air. I could feel myself fading in every moment of my orgasm, my energy being milked out through my cock. As I felt myself losing consciousness for the last time, I could still feel the queen succubus stroking, rubbing, milking every last bit out of me.



/***

* Author's note:
* This is my first story on this site, so
* first off, hello, and go easy on me ^^

***/