 A special thanks to JonB1969 for his quick responses and amazing editing. Without him this story may not have been finished. If you're looking for a quick fix this story isn't for you, this is my longest story and I hope you all enjoy it and remember to vote/comment if you do.

This Story is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2014 by Yshomatsu

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this story or portions thereof in any form whatsoever. The following is meant for Adults only, if you are under the age of 18 leave now.



An ancient evil was unleashed upon the unsuspecting world. Mysterious sightings of strange creatures have been seen within the shadows of the night. Villagers started to go missing, first women, and later men. Panic spread amongst the land, many blamed the Horadric Legion: An army of knights and warriors from distant lands. They conquered all they set their eyes upon. The Monk Order secretly infiltrated every kingdom in the known land. Their goal to keep the balance between good and evil, they ignored the Legion's invasion believing that the true threat was from somewhere else. 

They were right...

*****

A man sat upon an old, dusty desk within a monastery. Medium length golden hair hung from his tilted head. Determined creases formed on his brow as he looked down with bright Peridot eyes at an aged parchment in deep thought. The parchment detailed an order given out during Anders the Great's campaign.

The old, worn down chair creaked as the monk shifted his weight. It had been hours since he sat down with the old parchment. Something was happening in the world, but he couldn't figure out what. He had looked through a bunch of old books, yet kept coming back to the parchment. Something about it gave him a bad feeling.

"Athanatos, why are you always reading that scroll," asked a voice behind the man. Athan turned slightly, to see the youngest recruit in the monastery. Many secrets were kept within the Order, including the important role the Monk Order has had within the world. The boy didn't have the proper rank for clearance, he wouldn't understand.

"I miss my King," Athan replied. Elpis leaned over the monk's shoulder and looked at the scroll. 

"How is that possible? Anders died one hundred eighty years ago."

"One hundred seventy seven to be exact young Elpis," Athan sighed, remembering when he was called away from his King's side shortly before he was mortally wounded in combat. "I fought alongside him nearly to the end." The parchment detailed a mission from the Monk Order to stop an evil ritual.

"But how, you are only slightly older than me," the boy of only eighteen asked, amazed, yet in utter disbelief.

"I'm a lot older than I look. Shortly before his death, I was called away by the Order to stop a forbidden ritual of dark magic."

"You're joking, demons aren't real."

"Demons? Ha no, not demons, they are but myths created to scare children. Yet I really shouldn't say anymore, you will learn it all in time with your studies," Athan replied, the memory still burned within his mind as if it had just happened yesterday. He didn't mind talking about it, but wanted to give the boy an exit before getting carried away. The old parchment was a reminder of when he turned his back on his King. He couldn't help but blame himself for Anders' death, had he only been there at his side.

"Please continue, what harm could it bring to learn now?"

Athan chuckled under his breath. The Order always chooses those most eager to learn to advance within its ranks. Elpis was constantly asking questions when he wasn't training his martial arts. Come to think of it, Athan recalled the boy asked them even in combat training. He chuckled a little louder before covering it up with a cough. 

"Alright," Athan enjoyed telling stories; his long years carried wisdom only the elderly truly know. "Once I was just a boy like you, accepted into the ranks of the monks. When I turned twenty-two I was assigned to Anders. My orders were to make sure he remained the best leader that he could be. I stayed by his side during his campaign to unite the known world."

"Okay, I get that part but if it's true, how have you not aged a day if you're what two hundred," asked Elpis.

Athan's shoulders dropped as he sighed, "One hundred ninety-nine, where did you learn basic math? When I received the orders to stop the dark ritual along with my mentor," he looked back down at the parchment, his eyes lost focus as he retold the story. "We intercepted the culprits responsible and sent each one of them to the afterlife. I believed our task complete, but later learned instead, we had the spell cast on ourselves."

"What was it?"

"They were attempting to make a deal with an ancient evil for power and eternal life," Athan replied.

"Who wouldn't," Elpis laughed, not actually believing him. Not believing any of it really, immortality and dark magic, a little far-fetched right?

Athan continued, ignoring the boy's naive attitude, "When I entered the room I became part of the spell. Their efforts never would have worked, but we didn't know it at the time. It needed a mass sacrifice, instead of the one they had planned."

"Unlimited power right..." 

Athan took a deep breath and held it for a second before releasing it. "Heh, we had been instructed to stop them as I said before and in my young rash mind, believed we had. Shortly after that my mentor Yshomatsu went into self-imposed exile."

"So you guys can't die," Elpis asked, his interest peaked even if he was skeptical.

"I don't know, haven't had the desire to test it. I do know that I never age and any wounds I get can be healed quickly if I concentrate on it. The Order wasn't sure what to do with us after twenty years, when it was certain that neither of us were aging. The elders had mixed feelings, some thought we should lead the Order, others thought we should be cast out. Over the years the Order limited itself to one elder chosen by trials. It was decided wisely that an Immortal in power would become power-hungry after a century or two."

I settled for being the Order's Keeper and adopted the name Athanatos, which means 'the Immortal one'. I swore to uphold the balance we monks have dedicated our entire lives to create. My mentor, however, had other ideas. He relentlessly pursued answers for our 'curse' as he called it. He became an obsessed book-worm and we fell out of contact."

"Why have you been shut in this old monastery though if you're a Keeper?"

"What exactly do you think a Keeper does young man?" A grin formed on his face, "Have you read the ancient scrolls on how we have kept balance," Athan replied with a question to Elpis' with more questions.

"A Keeper is the hand of the Order that holds the balance with something called a Dream state."

"Close," Athan couldn't hold back his laughter now. "I record the history as I see it take place. Do you know what it means?" The boy looked confused, the subject jumped leaving the boy lost, a moment later he shook his head and shrugged. "I mean the Dream state," Elpis' eyes opened wide, realizing what Athan had meant.

"It means that the Order had discovered a way to walk the world of dreams." Elpis looked completely lost, enticing a smile from Athan. "When you sleep your mind begins to dream, we figured out that all minds go to the same spirit world or plane of existence to dream. We also figured out how to control our thoughts in that world, even communicate with each other."

"So basically, that is how the Order secretly rules the world?"

Athan leaned back and laughed loudly before he noticed the boy's embarrassment, "I'm sorry I didn't mean to laugh at you, just the idea of us ruling the world was too much. However, you're right in a way, we don't rule, rather we keep the balance. Any time evil rises we are there to stop it."

"That doesn't explain why you are cooped up here."

"Well, recently we have lost contact with a few of our Order. I came back here to research any possibilities but I keep coming back to this parchment of my instruction to intercept the dark ritual. I can't help but think it's connected somehow," Athan explained.

In 349 the Horadric Legion spread its borders, slowly the valley villagers paid homage to the Horadric. The Monk Order paid close attention from the sidelines, only to intervene if ill content was found. 

"Do you think it has anything to do with the rising power in the west," asked Elpis, thinking of the Horadric.

"I'm not sure but it's unlikely. Those sent into the Horadric's ranks are still reporting to us. Zoticus seems to think something ancient is waking from its slumber." 

Zoticus is the monk's current elder. He's in charge of overseeing all monks that are sent on missions out of the monastery. The time to promote a new monk to the title of Elder had come, but monks started to go missing and Zoticus remained in command. Some believed that Zoticus didn't want to give up his position of power, but there's no proof to support their theories.

The two monks spent the next few hours reading many books. However, since neither of them knew what they were seeking, it was futile. There weren't any accounts of monks failing to report on such a massive scale. Those few recorded accounts had all been explained and couldn't be relevant. Every monk was expected to report back to the elder each week, up to a month if necessary. 

Yet, monks were failing to report all over the known world. It started slowly; monks close to those missing could find no sign of their brothers. Each day more seemed to vanish; only a few remained. 

*****

The air was filled with the stench of death, sweat mixed with blood dripped down Athan's brow, burning his eyes. It wasn't his blood, it belonged to savages. Savages in the opinion of those that slaughtered them, bodies littered the ground. The tribal hide wearing armies of the Syracuse fought viciously against the armored Arcadians.

The Arcadians lead by their ambitious King Anders fought for the noble and righteous goal of uniting the known world under one banner. Anders unlike other kings fought along the front lines with his men, rather than bark orders safely from the side lines, far from any real danger. It was for this reason that the secret Monk Order had sent one of their own to watch over the king.

Mere seconds had gone by as Athan wiped the bloody sweat from his eyes, resulting in the opposite effect than intended. His freshly rubbed eyes felt raw and stung with increasing pain. He stumbled forward as his vision slowly cleared, almost tripping over a lifeless body. Three tribesmen ran towards him, their intent clearly shown upon their faces.

Athanatos Spared a quick look around and noticed that somehow he had been separated from the main group of Arcadians. The moment quickly passed as Athan ducked down avoiding a side swipe of an axe. A deep breath and the monk sprang into action, rolling forward and spinning around with a leg extended. The tribesman fell backwards as his knees were kicked out from under him. He lost control of his swing as the flat side smacked into the man beside him. Blood splattered from a smashed nose as the man screamed out in agony.

A sudden gust of wind blew by Athan's face before the first tribesman fell hard upon the ground with a thud, a spear impaled the third man. King Anders quickly finished off the first two with lightning fast strokes of his sword.

"Who's protecting who," Anders joked, "They're on the run and we're winning the battle. Forward men," he shouted as his army followed him into the fray. Athan joined in on the battle cries, enjoying the rush of adrenaline pumping through his veins.

Athanatos stirred in his sleep within the monastery, hours of unsuccessful research had exhausted him until finally he passed out where he sat, uncomfortably against an old tome as a makeshift pillow. Eyes moving behind closed lids, Elpis eagerly pressed on flipping through the pages of another ancient book. Even though Elpis had no idea what he was searching for he enjoyed reading the tomes of knowledge.

He glanced over at Athan and wondered if he should wake him, but quickly tossed that thought away realizing that he man was beyond tired and could use the rest. Even in such an awkward position. Elpis turned back to his book devouring the knowledge within.

The fighting continued for weeks as the Shamanistic tribesmen retreated time after time only to regroup and bounce back twice as hard. What started out as quick and easy victories dragged on until wary soldiers struggled to press on. The tribesmen were as stubborn as king Anders was ambitious, desperately holding on to their way of life. Just as any free man should. Ander's intentions were pure but people seldom saw eye to eye and the Syracuse feared being turned into slaves or worse, losing their way of life, their beliefs and ideals.

The Arcadians once again pushed the tribesmen back, only this time the bullheaded savages retreated into a cavernous path, rock cliffs extended up on both sides for as far as the eyes could see. The Arcadians stopped in their pursuit and stared in awe at the almost unnatural path carved out of the mountain.

Athan warned the king that following in such close quarters wasn't the wisest course of action to take. Anders allowing his pride to cloud judgment brushed off the comment, believing they had finally pushed the shamans back to their home. He ordered his men into the abyss. Athan hesitated but fell in line as the army pressed onward, forced down to three side by side in the tight pathway.

The men struggled through the path for what seemed like an eternity, until they started to hear rumblings ahead. What started out as low cracking sounds quickly rose to a steadily rising roar, followed by animalistic chanting. Swords and shields were raised; King Anders and two others held the front lines with Athan behind them, ready for a fight.

BANG!

Athan jumped out of his skin, his chair flung out from under him. Sitting on the ground wide awake, his ass hurt from the landing and it felt like he pulled a muscle in his neck.

"I'm sorry Athan, a nasty spider came out of nowhere and I dropped the book," Elpis said while attempting to hold back the urge to laugh, he had scared the living crap out of the powerful Athanatos.

"I think we'll call it a night," Athan replied as he looked over and saw the look on the young boy's face. He started to laugh which caused Elpis to lose it. "That was a great dream you ruined boy," He joked as he rubbed his sore neck and rose to his feet.



*****

Underground deep in the desert was the unfortunate site of great evil being unleashed upon the unsuspecting world above. The room was dark. The only light came from an afterglow caused by the summoning circle. There were many candles around the room but those had long since been burnt out.

The room was filled with sounds of a creature purring. At the center of that summoning circle a woman laid, stretched out on top of many cushions. Her eyes closed as her hips flexed into the pillows, clearly having a pleasant time.

The woman appeared to be human besides two brown furred fluffy tails that waved hypnotically through the air just above her tight ass. That and the two large ears atop her long brunette hair that flowed down onto her back... Every other part of her was human, especially her smooth olive exposed skin. 

The room had a strong smell of sex, as if she'd been going at it for weeks nonstop. She continued to purr as she opened her eyes and returned to the book in front of her. It was a large leather bound book. A book so old she had to be careful with each page as she turned to the next.

The cushions underneath her move as the man lying within them stirs in his sleep. The scent of her arousal and slowly moving hips having an effect on his dream. His tired and spent body began to react as well.

The woman known as Bree got caught up in Yshomatsu's problems. At the time she thought she was helping him, but her old life was behind her now. That creature that materialized in this very room changed her life and body. She had been a curious young woman, who thought the monk was cute. But now her body had an unnatural need for sex, she just couldn't get enough of it.

She lost track of time since that--- what did the monk called her--- succubus left the room. She had commanded Bree to entertain him so to speak. It felt like weeks had gone by, blowing his mind time and time again. Her body would only feel satisfied for a moment before she had to have more. Over time though it was like she was getting full, she began to be able to think again. 

After a while she found she could wander the halls of the monk's underground home, before needing to rush back to him to quench that itch. It was during one of those moments when she came across the old tome. It was all about unnatural things that Bree thought were myths before everything that happened to her.

Her purring was clearly exciting the sleeping monk, she felt his cock hardening against her thigh. She smiled to herself as she turned the page. Her tails descended to caress his legs and tease his balls. The monk's body reacted instantly, his member stood proud between her legs.

Had he been awake he would have grabbed her hips and pulled her down to be impaled. But his mind had overloaded on pleasure days ago. It didn't help his recovery that Bree didn't stop. Time and time again she brought his body to its breaking point.

Her tailed lovingly caressed his hard dick, twisting around it with minds of their own. It was a truly unique experience his body wished he was awake to process the pleasure his nerves were sending to his brain.

"Hmm, interesting," Bree found the section on what she assumed was 'her kind' the Kitsune. The book's picture appeared similar yet it had nine tails, Bree only has two. A little digging and she found out why. The Kitsune gains her power by consuming her prey's sexual energy, each tail is symbolic to how powerful she is. The book explained how the creature's personality was full of mischief, acting innocent and dependent yet loving to play mind games on her prey. They're very hard to control and will rebel if their beliefs are challenged.

It all made sense to Bree, each passing day she felt more in control of her own mind. She still craved sex but it didn't consume her every thought anymore. The book talked about her gaining power, besides being able to think for herself she didn't feel more powerful. 

Distracted with the book Bree didn't even notice what she was doing. Her tails went from teasing Yshomatsu's lower body to outright torturing him. Both tails wrapped around his standing proud member, twisting and turning all the while tightening. 

His unconscious body bucked.

Bree smiled, realizing what was happening. She was horny, the book could wait. The playful Kitsune looked down at his face, eyes actively moving behind closed lids. One of these days she'd have to give him time to recover, it'd be more fun if he was awake.

She propped herself up on an elbow and massaged her breast. She let out a low moan as she enjoyed watching his face. Her smile grew wider as she remembered her first encounter with the monk. Sneaking into his room as he slept and ending up giving him a blow job she hoped he wouldn't forget. 

Just then she wondered if her mistress—Ha mistress, let's see how long I'm compelled to call her that--- had any control over what she created, in life Bree knew she was playful and mischief inclined. Perhaps the demon's magic just gave life to potential Bree already had within herself. 
