 (Thanks to Sexy Laila 438 for the edit.) 

Chapter One

"It dragged the struggling, gurgling woman to its deep, dark lair where it tasted her....and tasted her....and tasted her...."

It never considered the effects of prolonged, intimate contact.

******

Summer, the previous year.

She gurgled in orgasm, eyes rolled back to the whites, flushed body bloating and undulating. Her rose pink pussy opened and closed like a valve. The fluid at her cleft rippled with cum flooding the protoplasm.

The plasm clouded every few seconds as her volcanic tits erupted white milk. The sight no longer shocked her. She saw nothing but red haze, her conscious mind lost in ecstasy. 

Constant, unyielding orgasms were her existence. No sleep, no rest, no thought but overwhelming, unending pleasure. 

The first few moments of her new life, after the blob dragged her into the tiny cave, were full of fear and panic; the near paralyzing anticipation of a horrifying death as her skin and muscle dissolved. But the minutes turned into hours, and the hours into days, and the days into weeks, and each moment was pure fucking. 

The change had already begun when the blob's purely carnal interest became apparent. Her body was wide open with jelly and cum flowing in and out of it. Her boobs and belly ballooned, deflated, and morphed. Her pelvis crunched, her tits blew, and her body quivered and quaked. "Ohgodohgodohgod...." rolled through her brain in a continuous stream. 

Occasionally gurgles bubbled from her throat, orgasmic balloons that drifted upwards to burst on the surface, noticed only by a few animals and one uninteresting diver. 

As for the Blob, it too was in ecstasy. Never in its existence had it tasted such nectar. The fluids were ambrosial, addictive. It thanked the gods of protoplasm that it had the sense to taste, rather than eat, this morsel. The Blob resolved to continue this pleasure for however long it lasted, unaware that in its decision, it sealed its own fate.

Typically after savoring the victim, the Blob usually absorbed it in rather quick fashion. Prolonged contact was something it never anticipated. It was too drunk on Alice's fluids (and Alice, too obliterated by orgasm) to notice the changes taking place. How Alice's immune system, finally alerted to the foreign matter running roughshod through its mistress' body, unable to destroy, expel, or ignore it, decided "Fuck it!", and absorbed it, making it its own. How the Blob's own mutated DNA, once it became apparent its master wasn't going to eat its victim as usual, decided "Fuck it!" and spliced itself to Alice's blessedly voluptuous genes. 

Months passed, the red haze cleared. The protoplasm-engulfed woman floated on her back. Her body quivered orgasmically but something felt different. The Blob gulped away and quivered ecstatically but something felt different. "I feel like I'm masturbating," it thought...and then it wondered why it thought that...and what was masturbation anyway?

She put her hands on her morphing boobs. White cream erupted between her fingers. "I taste good," she thought. "Why did I just think that?"

She peeked between her melons to her spread legs, at the ripples of cum gushing from her pussy. "So much tastier than men," the Blob thought. "Men?! I like men, they taste great. Why did I think that?! What is this blob doing to me?" she thought. "Why am I thinking this?" the Blob thought. "What is happening to me?" she thought.

"She?! She?! I am not she! I am! I savor and eat and savor and eat men!" 

"But what is man?" 

"A man is something to eat." 

"But I like men, I fuck men." 

"Men taste terrible, they squirt the wrong nectar." 

"No they don't, men taste great."

"No they don't."

"Yes they do."

"No they don't....yes they do....no they don't....yes they do....yes they do....yes they do...."

"Who am I? I am me. Who is me? I am Alice. But Alice is food. I am not. Yes you are. I am not. You are too, food and pleasure. I am Alice and pleasure, I guess. You are...I am. You are...I am...I am..."

She lay on the mud floor. The cave, barely a cave but home for the moment, was dim. A soft green glow allowed her to see. The glow emanated from small worms and other creatures, creatures that shouldn't exist in nature, with far too many limbs in all the wrong places; such were the irresponsible actions of scientists and businessmen. A rusted chemical drum, leaking fluid with the same glow, bore testimony to the human folly. 

Her body had settled down. She looked as before, no bloating, morphing, or squirting. She didn't wonder about the blob. It seemed stupid. "I am me," she thought. "I am not the Other. The Other is me."

She ran her hands across her body. Her body was soft, pliable, jelly. Her hands blended into her body as if dipped in warm pudding. Thick, jelly ripples spread in concentric circles from her flat belly. Her entire body swayed and wobbled as a bowl of jelly. She gurgled with humorous non-human laughter.

She did not marvel at her new nature. It was as if it had always been. Memories swirled through her head; of swimmers and bathers who tasted oh so good; of arguments with Mom and Sis; of the ecstatic taste of skin, muscle, and blood; of the taste of Roy's sweat, his seed in her mouth, his tongue on her clit.

A worm came near, she absorbed it with little thought, but a shudder raced through her body, more from memory than gustibus. "Roy...and Jane." She no longer thought of herself as Alice but she had Alice's memories....and her anger. "I think it's time to settle things," she thought. "Plus...I'm hungry." She flowed out of the cave, stood, and walked through the water towards the shore. 

Two Days Later

The object of Alice's impending confrontation stood before a mirror admiring himself. Roy Wallace admired himself often. Self-admiration was Roy's second favorite pastime. The third was surfing. The first was fucking women.

Narcissism was built into Roy's psyche from childhood. A cute boy, an only child, showered with attention from babyhood, and a dodger of the bullet of acne, he was a man used to having it easy. 

The aunts and dowagers who pinched his cheeks as a boy gave way to shrieking, fawning girls as a teen (plus a few boys closeted and uncloseted albeit he tended to discourage them). Roy had plenty to fawn about.

He was six foot one with a swimmer's body, sun-gilded light brown hair with a tendency to bleach in the sun, symmetrical face, long narrow nose, and light blue eyes; a pure Adonis. Everyone thought so; unfortunately so did Roy.

Roy's enormous ego was helped by his lengthy endowment. Roy looked at it grinning. Providence blessed him with a surfer boy's looks and a porn star's cock. He genuinely thought he should move to Hollywood to take advantage of his gift. "Or," he thought. "Let them receive the benefit of mine."

Roy had been planting that cock in pussy since his mid-teens. His litany of conquests included sophomores, juniors, and seniors, three teachers, a few divorcees, and scores of college coeds. He'd had to slow down in recent years, mainly because of Alice. 

"Alice. Wonder what happened to her?" Roy hadn't thought of Alice in over a year, not after the big blow up. "She just dropped off the map."

He went to the bed to put on his clothes. Jane was away for a few days. "May as well get some while she's gone." Jane was so different from Alice, more jealous, more possessive. 

Roy met Alice in college during a brief stint as a lifeguard. She was hot: those curves, those boobs, that ass, those toned abs, her almost cloying girl-next-door smile..."Unngh!" Roy groaned.

And she was great in bed too. She could suck like a vacuum cleaner. Roy's rod saluted her memory, or at least her mouth. She was extremely responsive. A few flicks of his tongue across her clit and she was a quivering ball of jelly. "Damn! She was good," he thought. "Best fuck I ever had." So why betray Alice for her less pretty, less curvy best friend?

"Cause I'm a dog," he answered. "A handsome, horny, fuck dog." He smiled, regretting nothing. 

Roy had no apologies for that day. Jane was there, Alice wasn't, and Roy was up for it. Alice's curses washed over him like water on a surfboard. Sure he made excuses, "I thought this was an open relationship," and all that but, really, he didn't care.

Tears and curses from the opposite sex were no strangers to Roy. "I'm a grade A shit," he smiled. "Tucker Max has nothing on me. Plus I'm handsome and I've got a bigger cock."

Further, Alice, while great in bed, could be exasperatingly naive. "All that time together? She never found out about the others? Or what her 'BFF' really thought?"

Jane was poisonously jealous. "I have to figure how to dump her." Jane had personal flaws Alice lacked. Roy didn't exactly think she'd go stalker psycho if they broke up but still... "Better make sure to change the locks when it happens." Jane's new figure made the situation more problematic.

"Man, what a difference a year makes," Roy noted. He guessed Jane wanted to catch up with Alice somehow. She made a pretty good go at it: packing on some pounds to give herself noticeable hips; exercising to build muscle tone; tanning and spa treatments. The finished package didn't quite have Alice's curves, "But she's not a stick anymore."

Roy thought, "It's time to move on. She getting a little too weird." The Club had a hot redhead he'd been chatting up lately. "I think I've got her. I could bang her tonight." Knock! Knock! Knock! "Who?" Roy wasn't expecting visitors. Knock! Knock! Knock! He went to the door, shirtless, unworried.

The apartment building was secure, in a good neighborhood. Roy typically answered the door shirtless to impress the visitors. If the visitor was a woman, a few flashes of his pecs meant a possible future lay. "Maybe I should put on some body oil first."

Roy looked through the keyhole, "What the fuck?!" He threw the door open. The visitor was a woman, the last woman he ever expected to see. "Alice?!" 

Chapter Two

Her hand was raised for another knock, a startled expression on her face. When the door opened, she put her hands behind her back, gazed slightly downward, batted her eyes, and gave him the shy, demure, girl-next-door smile he always found sexy, "Hi Roy."

Roy, for once in his narcissistic life, was honestly shocked. "A-A-Alice! (Holy Fuck! Did I just stutter?!)" The shock was not so much for her unexpected appearance as her demeanor.

The last time Roy saw her, Alice was screaming distinctly undemure profanities at him and Jane. Other than mild discomfort, he'd felt nothing. Jane, on the other hand, was ice cold. They shagged like goats afterward. Cold or hot, Roy didn't discriminate. 

Now Alice stood before him, shuffling her feet, as if last year never happened and she hadn't vanished. "Fuck! She looks hot!" Roy thought.

Alice looked ass hot in a pair of low-cut hip-hugging jeans and blue flannel shirt, tight and just barely containing her D-cups. A hint of aureole peeked through the cleavage. She looked shiny with slicked back hair and wet skin gleaming in the hallway. "Did you...uh ...step out of a shower or something?" 

Alice's smile broadened and she giggled. It sounded strange, like a gurgle. "Hee! Hee! Sort of...uh, nice to see you?"

"Er, nice to see you too," Roy grinned but masked his discomfort. "Why is she here?" he thought. 

"Well, are you going to let me in?" she asked shyly. 

"Um...I don't know. You well, you were pretty pissed last time and, well...Jane..."

"Oh, Jane. Is she here?"

"Uh, no. Look, why are you here? What happened to you? It's....well...been a year. Police were asking questions."

"Oh, people were looking for me? Gee, little old me made some trouble. I didn't know anyone cared," Alice giggled (gurgled).

"Alice," Roy was incredulous. "You were gone for a year. What happened?"

Alice batted her eyes and smiled. Her expression blended mischief and mystery. "Well, I decided to lie low for a while. I know I was pissed at you and Jane but, like you said, it's been a year and I thought I shouldn't carry a grudge, so I thought, maybe, I should see you and patch things up...as friends. I mean, I know you're into Jane now, I accept that."

Roy looked at Alice with some suspicion. Yes a year had passed but Roy and Alice were hot and heavy for two years before the meltdown, and Alice was pretty pissed last time; but she stood there, looking hotter than ever with her wet, slick hair, moist skin, and tight clothes. Roy's libido won over caution. "Well, why not? She's hot, definitely wet. If she's up for it...I could bang her tonight," he thought. "(Jane would never know.) So....come in?"

Alice walked into the apartment. Roy noticed, "Something's different, she's changed." It wasn't her slick appearance; anyone could get wet, nor the clothes, daring even for her. It was the way she walked; a fluid grace he'd never noticed before.

She strode to the bed and sat with the familiarity of a former lover. "Just like she never left," Roy grinned. Alice lay back, arms spread, sliding them across the sheets. "New mattress," she said.

"Well, yes," Roy smiled, sauntering to the bed. "I threw out the old one, Jane's idea."

"I'm not surprised," she purred, crossing her arms behind her head. The action caused her tight-fitting shirt to ride up, exposing her flat belly. Her breasts dented the fabric, her nipples stood out in the flannel. 

"God! She's hot!" Roy thought. An all too familiar bulge creased his jeans. "So I take it this is the part where we 'patch' things up?"

"Mmmm, in a few minutes, yes," Alice bubbled. She wiggled her hips, sinuously. Roy blinked; for a moment her body rippled like a jellyfish. She undulated as a waterbed ripples under sheets. "I can think of a few things we can do in the meantime." 

"Oh? Such as?" Roy asked. He lifted her leg, untied and removed a sneaker. It seemed a little large for her foot.

"Well, this is a start," she gurgled.

"You've got a funny laugh, sore throat?"

"Not quite," she smiled. Roy removed the other sneaker, "Tickle, tickle, tickle!"

"Hee, hee."

Roy started on her jeans. His fingers walked down the button fly, parting the denim, exposing the flesh below her quivering belly. "No panties?" Roy noted with cocked eyebrow and a smirk. "You never were this liberal."

"Things change." 

Her skin looked so wet and shiny. Her dark, moist patch crowned a gleaming wet pussy. Roy's tongue escaped his mouth of its own volition. Alice's sweet flower just begged for a licking. "Uh, uh," Alice said as Roy knelt down. "It's all of me or nothing. Strip me, then fuck me."

Roy answered her minx-like smile with a lustful leer. "Oooo, you really do want to make up," he said, shimmying off her jeans.

"Get out of those jeans and I'll show you how much you're forgiven."

Roy's jeans dropped to the floor a split second later, his Greek-sculptured body revealed, cock at the ready.

"Now take off my shirt," she said. "And plant that big meat in me."

"Will do," Roy grinned. Alice raised her legs and spread her pussy wide and pink, body wet and quivering. Her vibes looked strange to Roy, fluid like a water-filled fuck doll. Roy dismissed it; he, himself, shook with anticipation. "I never wanted to fuck a woman so bad," he realized. It perplexed him, this strong lust. "Oh, she's changed alright. She's hotter than ever. I want her so bad." 

Roy's cock, tuberous and dewy with pre-cum, anxiously pulled him toward the spread-eagled girl. She had a smile, half ferocious, half mischievous; the ravenous, hungry look of a tiger expecting a tasty meal. "Oh boy, you are so damn fuckable," Roy said, positioning himself.

"Oh yes," she growled. "Now stop with the tease and fuck me."

"Your wish, my command."

Glans caressed mons. The electric touch of her flesh against his tip traveled up his shaft, into his balls, and spread through his groin. Roy fought a close run battle against cumming.

Roy's near loss of control disturbed him. "I never came this close, this soon," he thought. It was as if Alice radiated a kind of erotic heat, far different from the Alice of last year. "What in the fuck happened to her?!" he asked himself for the umpteenth time. "She was hot before but now....she's like....white hot!"

Her heat nearly overwhelmed him. She looked so wet and horny, skin moist and gleaming, flushing pink flesh revealed further as he unbuttoned her shirt; a shirt from which she just seemed to flow, like strawberry cream from a blue apron.

Her groin and belly moved like a puddle with ripples and waves on its fleshy surface. Roy entered her slowly, savoring the moment, trying to extend that single period as long as possible. 

His shaft plunged deep, blue veins pulsed through the thin skin. Her wet walls sucked him in. His cock felt immersed in warm, thick butter. 

Roy allowed himself a brief moment of perplexity. Normally, Alice's pussy was tight. Now, she felt like a jar of honey, warm, thick, and sweet, a not unpleasant feeling; Roy was about to burst. Other subtle differences added to his mild confusion, however. 

The old Alice had a hard body, a result of her athleticism. The new Alice looked the same but her body felt soft, supple, and pliable. Her breasts moved in his hands like soft dough. Her nipples were soft, like caramel. He switched back and forth, masticating her tits.

Alice moaned and wrapped him in her arms and legs. Her pussy and his groin met and ground together. Roy started to pump, his ass clenching, hips flexing, and cock sliding back and forth. His balls slapped against her vulva with light smacks, like soft plums on water. 

She responded with undulations and gyrations, weaving and bobbing with each thrust. Her soft interior gave Roy no hint as to how deep he dove. In any case he didn't care, immersed as he was in a warm bowl of hot sex and lust. 

No words passed between them. The only sounds were moans and primal grunts...and gurgles. Flesh ground against flesh, scant brown muff mingled with dark gold pubes. Alice's clit licked the top of Roy's cock. Her cum pooled over his balls. Her pussy devoured his cock with light slurps. 

Roy, lost in heat, unnoticed the ominous wet sounds. His world, at the moment, was her warm body enveloping his shaft, firing his nerves to a climax, of an intensity not felt before, even with Jane. 

"God! I'm almost there!" he thought. "I'm gonna blow! Here it.... uuuunnngh!" His body shuddered as his penis hosed floods of cum into Alice's soft interior.

Alice's response was an orgasm unlike that of other women. Her limber body washed against him, quivering like a blob of jelly. She felt boneless, liquid, gelatin. Her pussy was a second mouth, sucking his seed with a skill equal to her oral work. 

Roy decided then and there, "That's it! Jane's gone! I'll change the fucking locks; get a restraining order, a fucking gun if I have to. I don't know what's come over Alice but whatever it's fucking great!"

Alice, who had made no other sound than gurgles during the fuck session (which Roy found strange but ignored), whispered in his ear, "Would you like me to show you a trick I just thought up?" 

Chapter Three

"Oh man Alice, you are just full of surprises," Roy grinned. He was spent but still in the spirit. "My flesh will catch up," he thought. "I just gotta see what she has next."

"Roll over, I want to be on top....no don't pull out. I want you inside me....yes....that's it. Now lie back....mmmm, you taste sooo yummy."

Roy and Alice were tangled into each other. It was a simple matter for Roy to lay Alice down, then roll his body so she was on top. Roy had never performed the act while inside a woman, however.

Roy was always used to the dominant position, with countless lays of fucks past receiving his ten-inch attention. He gazed up at the woman atop him, his cock buried to the hilt in her warm pussy. His eyes took in her shiny-wet skin. Alice wore a beautiful girl-next-door smile while she hungrily licked her rosebud lips. Roy felt the lust bloom within his cock. 
