 "We expect the beast in man, but are never prepared when it arrives." anonymous



Tasha was walking home from school after having stayed late to finish up homework. The library would now go down in her mind as one of the greatest places to be. It wasn't the school library. The city library had far more useful information available. There she had spotted her new favorite author, Christopher Price. Her first experience with his work had been reading his disturbing vampire tale in a collection of stories. The story had been very explicit but for some reason she had enjoyed it, felt it deeply. She had approached Price, by this point having read all of his novels, and had been graced by his signature in his latest book release.

On top of having such a blessing of good fortune she had been attempting to flirt with her crush, Kevin Riley. God she wanted him so bad. He was so hot to her. His thick black hair and ocean blue eyes always lit up her face with a smile. Her friends would talk about their latest triumph in the bedroom, how their boyfriends filled them up inside. Tasha would smile, blush a bit, and stay far out of those conversations.

She had decided to wait to lose her virginity. Tasha wanted it to be special. She wanted it be perfect. She wanted to lose it with Kevin. Somehow she knew he would be gentle that he would be sweet to her. Tasha wanted the handsome man so badly, her pussy got wet at the mere thought of him. 

At eighteen she was not sexually active at all, although she masturbated every once in a while. Recently she had brought herself to orgasm with thoughts of Kevin dancing in her mind. Imagining his hot, hard, thick cock thrusting into her, filling her up with his manhood. She would dream of him playing with her pussy, gently caressing her breasts as he nibbled on her clit. She dreamed of his face buried in her neatly trimmed muff, lapping up her honeyed juices with fervor.

Thinking about it got her wet. Tasha really wanted to get home faster. She had a date with her battery opperated boyfriend. The time she had spent earlier helping her crush with his calculus homework was bliss. Images ran through her head of her legs wrapped around his waist, grinding into his rampent cock. She had a hard time explaining calculus to him as she almost slipped out a few dirty tid-bits. 

Kevin was her knight in shining armor. He was the one she wanted to be with forever. He was her heart's desire. He was everything to her. Perhaps if she just offered herself to him, he would take her, right there on a library table, juices drenching the oak. It sent a thrill down her spine, a bolt of electricity. "No," she said to herself, "thats not right. I don't want him to think I'm a slut."

The park she was walking through was dark, unnervingly shadowed, but it was nice. Grass grew aplenty, which you rarely found in Arizona. She liked this place, it felt pleasant to her, warm to her. Under the full moon, she felt blessed to be alive. She was excited to be helping Kevin tomorrow with more homework.

The beast lay behind the bushes waiting for the moment ot strike. It sensed her presence, was hoping for hers or any body's presence. It was dying, it felt that. The bullet had punctured an artery, blood flowed from the wound matting the beasts hair. Instinct drove it, like it had many times before. It had to spread what it was, and soon. Blood was flowing from it, not too fast, but it wasn't stopping. It must spread through bite and blood or through impregnation to create an offspring. It must create an heir to continue its existence.

It needed her, with teeth and fire. The beast's lust flowed through its veins, its cock swelled hugely with anticipation. Had a man come through it would have through bite and blood changed him and passed on the disease. This was different, this was special. The beast had found a young woman, strong enough to bear its litter. It could have up to five born blood offspring instead of one measly infected human. The man he had been would die with the beast, nobody to know what had happened to him. The beast needed to take her very soon.

A cold breeze floated through Tasha's hair raising goosebumps on the back of her neck. A shudder ran down from her neck through her legs. It felt odd considering the warm garments she wore. A sweater hugged her chest and arms as a thick pair of jeans clung to her slim thighs and shapely rear. Despite the extreme high temperatures of summer days, the winter tended to get a bit cold. She had brought the sweater for warmth against the chilly night air. She wore a t-shirt underneath that worked during the day. Nights were too cold for just that thin covering.

Tasha felt as if someone was watching her, causing her to stop walking and look around. She looked all around but didn't see anyone. Perhaps her mind was just playing tricks. A falling leaf, wind through the bushes, does not mean you are being followed. But you never know, things do happen to women who walk after dark alone. Tasha shook her head to banish the dark thoughts. She began walking again at a little faster pace. Her backpack was bumping along against her with each step.

The beast attacked seething with need for the young woman in the park.

It's furred body stretched out, getting ready to run towards the girl. It's engorged cock oozed out precum partially coating the underside. The hair around it's testicles became coated with thick cream. It's sac was swollen with the semen it meant to pass on to the girl.

The beast felt high, euphoric, crouching down getting ready to pounce upon its unsuspecting prey. She stopped suddenly, so the beast did too. The muscles tightened in its back, holding perfectly still. It knew it was well hidden, knew what it was doing. The wolf felt the pull of instinct spreading through it, instinct from thousands of years back. Back to when its kind were considered gods, walking the earth followed by great praise and worship. Plentiful virgins were willingly offered to its temple, sacrificed to appease its kind.

Silent it waited. The wolf's teeth bared in the night, muzzle spread back. Row after row of the pearly white knives bared. It could sink its teeth into her, infecting her. Its instinct was driving it elsewhere, though. The beast could smell her sex, could smell its juices lingering there. It began to smell a tinge of her fear as well, but that changed nothing. It would have her.

She would mother its children, bear its litter. The beast had to have her, till the moment it died.

The girl began moving on, with a bit more speed in her step. The wolf could take no more, it rushed at her from the bushes.

Tasha had no time to react, the beast was fast, far too fast. She had turned around only long enough to see a very large dark haired man-shaped beast running towards her. She could see that it was led by a very frighteningly large penis, precome was dripping out of the tip as it ran. She barely had time to even register the engorged phallus before the beast had a hold of her. Its hands around her neck. Its claws slashing through her sweater. Its snarling mouth inches away from her, hot breath filled up her nose.

Furry clawed hands ripped away her her top, then moved quickly down to her pants. Tasha was registering everything at a fraction of a moment behind what was happening. The closer its claws came to her pants the more her mind filled with the image of its huge cock. It was the largest she had ever seen or thought possible. This cock dwarfed the sizes shown in pornographic videos. It had looked scary and terribly painful.

Her sweater and the t-shirt underneath were shredded. Her breasts were exposed to the cold air, quickly turning nipples into solid peaks. Claws at her buckle, tearing at her jeans, her last defense against penetration. She heard the denim tear...

The beast attacked without thought, running straight towards her, the closer it got, the more pungent her smell became. Its cock became more engorged. Blood ran through it's genitals almost painfully. Within moments it had a hold of her top half, tearing away at the pathetic fabric that protected her from the cold. It needed to get to the smell, to the piece that it craved. That part of the body that it needed and desired. The wolf's claws traced down her front, exposing her ample breasts to the cold air.

The beast's claws reached to her belt. For a split second the man that once existed within the wolf broke out to question what was going on. For a split second the man heard the girl's pitiful whimpers of fear and surprise. For a bare moment the beast lost control. A second is all Tasha had and as with all things a second is never enough. The power of the instinctual lust, the power of the beast was too much, the second ended with the man being fully devoured within the wolf

The beast, the wolf, was completely in control. A guttural growl roared into the night as her pants were ripped in two pieces right off her. Her panties were thrown, splayed on the ground away from the now virtually naked young girl. The smell of her sex enveloped the wolf, overpowered its heightened senses. The beast's teeth bared and sank...

...into the girls shoulder. Pain exploded through Tasha. Pain she had never imagined she could endure. Tasha cried out as warm blood ran down her arm. She felt the pain burn throughout her, inside her, rushing up to her head. She was dizzy, spinning, dazed. The world became a kaleidoscope of agony, then it all crashed down like glass.

Tasha screamed into the night, screamed as loud as she could. All the air in her lungs escaped her, bellowing into the cold darkness. The pain enveloped her cry for help sent out on the wind.

Nobody heard.

The wolf sunk its teeth in, marking her as it's own. Spreading the disease that it is into her, giving her the dark sensation it felt always. Tasting her blood. The blood of the pure, the innocent, a virgin. The beast's cock grew harder, ready to burst. He could wait no longer. It heard the shattering scream of the girl but didn't care. The wolf was dying and it doing so became only a creature of lust. It had so much to give to her, not that she wanted him. It knew this, but it did not matter. The raving beast had to find a hole, had to fill something. Its phallus felt like it would explode soon.

In extreme savage thrusts the beast pounded into the wrong hole.

Screams of pain were followed by howls of agony as Tasha felt the engorged wolf cock forced deep into her virgin asshole. The beast's huge cock spread open her bowels and tore the inner lining of her tight channel. Fire ran through her legs, spreading up through her chest. Blood began to ooze from her defiled bum, falling to the ground below.

The beast threw her to the ground with it, knocking what was left of air out of her. His cock thrust further up her ass as he pressed against her. Tasha felt the searing pain, the burning, continue, an almost unending burst of hurt. Lying face up, her eyes were closed and streams of tears ran down her face.

The wolf pulled its cock back then thrust again even harder. The pain just wouldn't stop. The cock pulled back and thrust in again, forcing open her asshole, blistering her from within with its unnatural heat. Precome and blood lubricated the tight passage allowing the beast to increase speed and go deeper. 

The beast pulled back and thrust all the way in, back and in, again and again she felt her ass violated by the beast. Tasha couldn't believe her precious virginity was being taken away by this monster. The wolf just kept pulling back, thrusting in, pounding against her with amazing force and speed. The strength of the creature was overwhelming, bruising her outside as well as within.

One final time the beast pulled back and thrust as far as it could go, plunging its cock head into her battered back passage. Tasha felt a warm sensation inside, a burst of a dam. The wolf came inside of her, flooding her asshole with unholy semen, gushing out, filling her to the point of explosion. She felt like a fire hose was going off inside her almost drowning her.

Tasha's battered body was on fire.

The wolf came hard. It let loose itself into her, having finally realized it had thrust into the wrong hole. The beast did not care. Its cock had been far too hard and painfully engorged to have not tried something. The tightness of the hole had only lept it up into an even more furious lust driven rage. The wolf craved more. With the engulfed sensation of a burning sheath scraping at it as it buried itself inside, it had to finish. 

The beast felt pure, never before felt, instinct flow through it. It was like a drug running around inside, pumping it farther than before. There was a light within pulsating, distinctly empowering itself to climax. It also felt something else, a calmness about its prey. A love began to form in the young woman's heart. The wolf's love bite had begun to spread its influence to her mind. Began to...

...make her feel something more. Tasha began to feel a longing for the beast. Began to feel a love for the wolf, a desire for the beast. All of a sudden she wanted it inside of her. What once was a violent act had become a passionate surrender to need. She needed to love the wolf, she needed to have it's cock in her virgin pussy. She had to have every inch of it now.

Tasha wanted the beast to fuck her harder than she could ever imagine. 

Dreams of her old crush, Kevin, drifted away from her, leaving a void. The wolf was there to fill her up. This wolf was her lover, her beloved, she wanted nothing else than it. Tasha needed everything the wolf could give her.

The wolf felt her love and was feeling love for her in return. The beast slowly pulled itself out from her, moving its muzzle down her belly, dragging its tongue with it. The wolf slowly lapped against her stomach, inching its way down to her navel. Its tongue dipped into her belly button, its saliva dripping with ecstatic enthusiasm. Down, its tongue went closer to her vagina, to her holy temple. 

The beast smelled the blood coming from her violated anus. It lapped it up and gently, lovingly cleaned her. Its long tongue tickled her distended pucker, slowly moving inside, cleansing it, numbing it. The wolf felt different, it felt love the way an animal would. That was the point of the bite, to make the woman want it, love it.

And she did.

Tasha felt its tongue crawling up her anus inside of her, numbing the pain that had been there. She felt her own hand begin to move across her breast, messaging her tender buds. She tweaked her nipple a bit, the excitement came to fruition. The tongue buried deep in her ass made her feel different than before. She felt loved, wanted, hungered after. She felt necessary and she wanted more.

The wolf's tongue slowly slipped out of her asshole, trailing back up to her clit, lapping at her engorged button. An electric current of desire shot through her, shivers ran across her entire body, ecstasy flowered within. The tongue moved with precision, tracing along her labia, encircling her virgin pussy, then moving back to her clit. Tasha was teased and excited. Lust was pouring through her, she felt hornier than she had ever felt before.

The wolf began to inch its tongue into her dripping pussy, slowly licking around the sides. She felt the warmth and wet texture of it slide into her. Pleasure warmed her body against the cold night air. She slid her hands through the wolf's mane, beckoning it's face further in. The creature lashed it's tongue out quickly, sending a shock of euphoria through her body.

Tasha moaned. She wanted more. Her natural sense of fear was being driven out of her, replaced by what she felt for the wolf. Its tongue explored her velvet sheath, lapping inside and all around, playing with her. The wolf's tongue darted around sending vibrations up from deep within her.

Tasha shuddered and moaned with excitement. She still wanted more. The tongue would not stop, it kept encircling. Her climax came faster than any she had brought to herself. She tightly held onto the mane of her lover, plunging her pussy into the wolf's face as her cum filled its mouth. She emptied her sweet essence into the beasts maw and the wolf swallowed it all up. The beast's excitement grew even more, its love more intense than before.

Tasha's body trembled with need as the beast slid its tongue out of her clenching hole. The girl looked at the wolf as a god. Her god. She saw it start to stand, saw its dick had swollen again. Amazed at the size of the cock, no longer scared of it, she felt like she needed it more than anything else in the world.

The creature sat back, a burst of pain from the bullet wound, momentarily subdued it. Tasha licked her lips, staring at the massive cock in front of her, crawling towards it. Her lips found the dripping tip quickly.. She reached a hand out and began caressing it's testicles, feeling the warmth, the swelling within them. Her tongue started licking at the tip, tasting its come and the musk of her own ass.

The wolf felt her mouth slowly covering it's prick. Pleasure washed over it as her hand massaged its balls. Her tongue moving over its shaft as her head started moving down its length. She went as far down as she could, her tongue lapping at the underside of the cock head. The beast felt her moving her head back up, slowly, teasing. Her succulent lips caressing the shaft as muscles began to shake.

This was very different than before. The beast felt this was something stronger, more visceral. It felt like it had been given a gift instead of having taken one. It felt her head begin to bob up and down on its thick shaft, building up speed. Her tongue rubbing against him, felt her hand caress his testicles, felt her mouth suckle him, and her breath upon his belly.

The wolf felt pleasure he never expected. He felt amazed. He felt ready to explode. He was going to pour out his release soon. This young girl had suckled his cock fervently, intensely. She sucked his dick with fire in her mouth.

He felt his orgasm come on. His body quaked with expulsion. He felt a charge run from his balls up to his cock head. Pouring his love in jet streams into her mouth, which she lovingly swallowed. He shot currents of his seed deep into her belly, never seeming to end.

His toes curled, his head stretched back and he howled lustily at the moon overhead.

Tasha felt his climax come and welcomed it. She wanted to taste him. She felt his hot seed shoot into the back of her throat and course down her esophagus. It tasted creamy, almost sweet, nothing like what her friends had said. It tasted like sweet cream. She wanted more and she got it. The shots of semen kept coming, she kept swallowing, not letting a single drop get away. Not letting any of her treat go to waste. Tasha suckled at his cock for what seemed like hours as she was fed his love. She tasted it in ecstasy, always happy for more.

Finally, the flow ended and she slurped her mouth slowly off of the wolf's cock. She looked into the face of the creature, compassion in her heart, and saw it trembling from the aftermath of the blowjob it received. The wolf howled in wonderment and she felt like howling herself in joy.

The wolf looked at her with wide eyes. Tasha looked down and saw its cock was still hard, still dripping with excitement. Her eyes widened and her pussy clenched. She pulled off the remnants of her torn shirt and threw it off into the bushes, now completely naked other than socks and shoes. She felt free and wild, and with every passing moment growing even wilder.

She felt like the beast, she felt like a creature in the throws of animal passion. She crept up the wolf, one hand after the other until her quivering pussy was right above the wolf's huge prick. She looked down at it, beginning to lower herself onto it. She felt the cock head touching her labia. Grabbing a hold of it, Tasha moved it around her engorged cunt, wetting it with her own flowing juices.
