 Thank you for the positive feedback about the first two parts. Here is a third, which I hope you enjoy. All feedback welcome. Thanks for reading and your comments.

*

Part one

It was probably the soft clunk of the bedroom door that made Merrill stir, but all she was aware of was being awake. She guessed the time would be about 3am, but she fought the temptation to check, knowing what hour it was always made it harder to get back to sleep. 

Of course, she knew the real reason she was awake.

Once more, the nerves about her new job as vicar of the parish made her stomach tie itself in knots. For her it was all new, the house, being married, living in this area and having a church to run. She was about to begin the life she had always dreamed about, but that did not make it any easier to cope with.

Her eyes kept staring upwards, as she became fascinated by the swirls and patterns on the unfamiliar cream ceiling above her. In one spot the paint was peeling a little and her eyes kept returning to that spot. She thought about the age of her new cottage and the ghost stories she had heard about it. This cottage was where a certain Lord Edmon Lived would bed his mistresses, and he was one of the ghosts said to haunt this house. Naturally she did not believe in such rubbish. 

Slowly she took a long deep breath in and then exhaled it. Perhaps thinking about paint drying would distract her mind and she could fall asleep again.

But there were more than the changes in her life distracting her.

Ever since Peter had put her wedding ring on her finger she had felt so sexually aroused. This had made it hard to concentrate and enjoy her wedding. All day she told herself that was the way newly-weds were supposed to feel. Merrill believed her new husband had felt the same sense of arousal. However, there was a big problem with her mood. The sad fact was it was not thinking of Peter that was exciting her. For obvious reasons this was bothering her a lot. 

She held her hand up and admired her wedding ring. She had only worn it a few hours and already it was so precious to her. In fact, she found herself looking at it all the time, but that was normal, right?

Outside she heard a door slam, and then several moments later an engine started and a car drove off. There were a couple of other cottages in the terrace. Her neighbours must have guests leaving late. She had met the lady who lived next door. A friendly girl called Carla, who worked in the health shop in town. She had seemed to be very nice and Merrill hoped they would become friends.

Merrill's mind and body felt so warm and comfortable lying in her four-poster bed. She had been thrilled to find it in the bedroom of their new cottage. Merrill felt so calm and tranquil she could almost still be asleep. It was the perfect place to spend your wedding night. 

Suddenly a pang of disquiet sprang up in her stomach again. Perhaps not such a great place since Merrill and Peter had been too tired to do anything more than fall asleep last night. They had kept to their beliefs and not had sex before their marriage. Now they were legally wed, both of them had been too exhausted to do anything other than sleep. This was despite their mutual state of sexual excitement. Her mind wandered over how strange it had been, that they had both been so lively, so turned-on and then suddenly so tired. They had fallen asleep without a word to each other.

Her fingers slid between her legs, and suddenly overcome with feeling very horny she began to stroke herself. Merrill placed a hand over her mouth, trying to hide her little moans of pleasure, as she rapidly moved her fingers across her clit. She was feeling so frustrated and randy at not having had sex; she found it very easy to come. Her orgasm washed delightfully through her body. After a brief moment of relief though the feelings of being horny began to grow again.

As she lay recovering, Merrill frowned, she thought she had heard a noise downstairs, but she must have been mistaken, there was of course no one in the house except her husband. None the less her eyes fell upon the door handle of the bedroom door.

In the next instant to her horror, she found the handle was slowly turning and almost immediately afterwards the door began to slowly open. The door creaked as it moved adding to the electric atmosphere in the room. She knew Peter lay beside her, so whoever was coming in was an intruder. Yet she felt unable to move or to scream, as she should. Merrill felt strangely fascinated, wanting to see who was coming into the bedroom, and so her only reaction was to pull the duvet right up to her throat and wait. She could feel her heart beating fast and her breath coming in gasps. Gradually the door opened wide and still she could not move.

Merrill gasped at the figure standing in the doorway. Naturally she was terrified at there being an intruder in her house, but it was also a shock to realise she recognised the person standing there. She recognised him immediately as Lord Edmon Lived. However, that made no sense at all. If she looked a little to the left, his portrait was hanging over the fireplace in her bedroom. The figure in the doorway, not only looked identical to the one in the painting, he was dressed the same way too. A Victorian frock coat, gloves, long trousers, and in his hand, was a walking stick. It's his ghost she thought, and then just as fast she told herself that was ridiculous.

Merrill had found it hard to look away from the painting when she first saw it. The painter either had exaggerated the Lord's eyes or they must have been completely hypnotic, as even represented in oils, she found it difficult to stop looking at them. Those very same eyes now stared deeply into hers and she could do nothing but gaze straight back at them. The painter had done them justice she thought, but then of course she reminded herself that Lord Edmon Lived was long dead. He could not really be standing in front of her.

Her calm and tranquil mood, and her inability to move her limbs wandered through her mind and she realised she must still be asleep. This had to be a dream. The only thing was it all felt so real.

Edmon Lived seemed to grin, a self-satisfied sort of smile and coolly walked into the bedroom. Somehow Merrill knew he was aware of what she had been doing moments before he entered the room. As he left the door open behind him, Merrill imagined again that she heard noises from downstairs, but unable to turn from Lord Lived stare, she immediately forgot about it. She simply watched, as he casually placed his walking stick onto the table and pulled both gloves off and put them beside the stick. Next in the same unhurried way, eyes still locked on Merrill he moved to the bed and calmly sat down beside her. 

He did not speak, but carefully he took hold of her hands and removed her grip from the duvet. As it and her hands fell slowly away, she lay gently down. Merrill had no idea why; it just was something her body did by itself. As she reclined, the Lord moved the pillow away so her head lay flat on the mattress. As her head touched it, she pulled the duvet off her body, and then she placed both her hands above her head. Although she did not want to, she had positioned herself, so her whole body was on show to him. Merrill knew that had been exactly what he had wanted her to do.

He smiled, and a horrified Merrill could sense he liked what he saw. His eyes scanned up and down her body, as she just lay there unable to move.

Merrill wished with all her heart that she could cover herself back up, but her limbs refused to move. It was exactly like they did in a dream. This could not be real; it had to be her imagination. It had to be! In which case, soon she would wake up and she would laugh about the whole thing. However, it did not stop her pleading with her eyes for the Lord to let her go, but that just seemed to broaden his smile. Merrill could sense that he was enjoying the fact she was terrified.

The lord lifted her hand, and then seemed to admire her wedding band, before kissing her finger tenderly. She was instantly alarmed that he might take the ring. However, he let go of her arm and it fell back down again onto the mattress. As it dropped Merrill managed to turn her head slightly, and for the first time she managed to look away. Not staring into those eyes seemed to clear her mind a little. She tried to focus on the wall and block Edmon out of her thoughts. She made herself remember the way that Carla in the health shop in town had sold both her, and her husband their wedding bands. It had been a lovely morning shopping together, although it had been a strange place to purchase rings. However, they had been so pretty and such good value. Keep thinking about that nice day she told herself.

However, she was immediately dragged back to the present. Merrill felt Edmon touch her face. The feel of his skin was warm and sensuous. Gently his finger slowly caressed the side of her cheek; Merrill tied to stop it, but her head turned progressively back, as his touch gradually moved towards her chin. She looked at him again wide-eyed, as he placed a hand on her knee. Very deliberately he slid it up her leg, sliding his hand under her thigh, as she obligingly lifted it for him. Again, she was locked into his stare. She lifted her legs further and then arched her body, but whether that was to encourage him or resist, she was not sure. She hated what was happening, but at the same time her sexual desires were so heightened by his touch, that she wanted more. Suddenly, she was afraid he might leave or she might wake up. She scolded herself remembering this was wrong and not what she wanted. The problem was it felt so right and so good.

She was wearing the chemise she had bought specially for her wedding night. It was short, barely covering her ass when she stood up, and that's why all of her legs were on show to him. It was the only sexy thing she had ever bought or worn, and she had procrastinated forever about buying it, deciding she could make an exception for her wedding night. The chemise had contrasting black lace across the bust, and the hem, for what she thought was a sophisticated yet sexy and seductive look. Hanging in her wardrobe was the matching wrap she had purchased at the same time.

Once again, his fingers held firmly her chin. Edmon lowered his head. Merrill tried to turn away, but she couldn't, so resigned to what was happening she closed her eyes. It seemed to take an age before their lips finally touched, all the time her heart was beating faster and faster. Then she felt him gently kiss her on the lips. Merrill knew her lips had responded to his touch and so she stopped even trying to resist. She opened her eyes and looked again into his smiling face.

His placed his hands onto her bare shoulders and then he methodically slipped one of the chemise's straps off her shoulder, followed by the other. He pulled the chemise downwards to bare her small but lovely breasts.

She found her voice and in a quiet whisper she begged him to stop. His hand rested on her shoulder, Edmon watched her chest rising and falling, as the mixture of fear and desire made her breathe very heavily. As he rolled his hand over the back of her shoulder Merrill lifted and twisted her body. Edmon kissed her breast, making Merrill arch her body further towards him. She began to writhe and moan as his lips worked across her tits and down her body. As his mouth got lower she began to fear he was going to go all the way down her body. All he had to do was lift the chemise that was around her waist, it was already short and barely covered her anyway. Her pussy would be there for him to do whatever he wanted. That was too much, Peter had not even seen her in the chemise, if even in a dream she was to submit to a stranger and let him give her oral love, she would never forgive herself but what could she do? There was no escape.

"Oh, please god let me wake up," she said in a quiet whisper, which was all she could manage.

Her husband? Of course, why not wake him to help. Surely, she could do that even in a dream. She turned her head and then cried out, when she realised the bed was empty. He was not there. Merrill turned her head from side to side in horror, as Edmon knelt up and watched her. He was clearly amused by her discovery. 

Edmon suddenly stood up, a voice in Merrill head told her to go with him. Edmon smiling walked straight out of the bedroom. Merrill felt an irresistible force pushing her to follow and so unable to resist she got off the bed. As she moved, she felt a sense of being ashamed at her nakedness. She tried hastily to gather the chemise around her, managing to put it back on and also grab the wrap as she walked. When she made it onto the landing she realised that Edmon was already downstairs, but he was looking expectantly up at her.

Suddenly Merrill felt strongly that she did not want to go downstairs and she managed to step back, trying to resist that stare of Edmon's. He slowly slipped his frock coat from his shoulders and raised his arms, a voice in Merrill's head said, "come!" As his arms got to shoulder height, he widened them and once again his eyes began to bore into Merrill's mind. "Come," the voice said again. They stood staring at each other for a few moments, Merrill's chest heaving due to her heavy breathing as she fought to resist. Slowly, very slowly she began to edge forward and then to descend the stairs. As she came down she began to move faster, reaching the bottom and standing before Lord Lived. She looked up at him wide-eyed in wonder that he had such control over her. He placed both hands on the top of her arms. "Who told you to cover up?" Said the voice in her head.

Merrill stayed still looking into Edmon's eyes as a quizzical look crossed his face. He reached out and slipped the wrap from her shoulders and it fell to the floor. Merrill had not moved whilst this happened she had just stood staring into his eyes. Her arms though began to move now. Very slowly and without thought one hand and then the other reached up and slipped the chemise's straps from her shoulders again. 

It fell to the floor with a rustle. Naked once again, her mind screamed at her to cover herself, but her arms would not move. They hung limply at her sides.

Edmon smiled and placed a finger on her lips. You are mine said the voice in her head. The finger moved to her chin and as he lifted her head slightly, he kissed her.

Edmon turned both of them around, standing behind Merrill as he did. He cupped her bare breasts and then began to kiss her on her neck. It was as she inclined her head to receive his kiss that she realised that there were two figures on the sofa and she froze at the sight. She could see the bare back of a woman. Slowly her head was moving up and down. It was clear to Merrill she was giving a man a blowjob, it was then she realised the man was her Peter. Edmon moved Merrill forward, so she could see the couple from the side. 

"No," said Merrill quietly realising she had been brought downstairs to witness this scene. "Please let me go," she pleaded. "Peter help me."

The woman turned her head, making Merrill gasp, as she realised it was the woman in the painting with Lord Lived. The woman smiled at Merrill and then she slowly licked upwards from between Peter's legs and then up the shaft of his dick. The woman then rubbed the tip of her nose against his cock, moving up and down it. Peter lay still, watching, as though in a trance, as the woman sucked on his balls, slowly pulling her head away with his skin still in her mouth and so stretching it out. 

Edmon laughed quietly and as Merrill went to protest again he placed a hand over Merrill's mouth to forcing her to be quiet.

The woman lifted Peter's cock into the air, and popped it into her mouth, briefly bobbing up and down on it, before resuming licking it. The woman turned her head again to look at Merrill, a wide smile on her face. A voice in Merrill head said I think she likes your husband's cock.

The woman's tongue continued to move up and down Peter's shaft. Then she resumed sucking on his cock, but much more vigorously this time. Peter moved his arms above his head and shut his eyes. He let out a gasp as the woman moved her head away, and as she stroked his cock he came, sticky white liquid seeping out of the head of his dick. It dribbled slowly onto his body. The woman continued to stroke him, until Peter's cock started to go limp. Merrill tried again to cry out, but with Edmon holding her tightly around the mouth and waist she could not move.

Merrill sat up shouting, "no" repeatedly, and struggling against Edmon's grip. As Merrill sprang up, she could still feel the Lord's strong arms holding her tight around the waist, and so it took her several moments to realise she was actually alone, in her bedroom, and it was morning. The sun was shining brightly through the window. Merrill gasped trying to get her breathing under control and her head together.

When she appreciated properly that she was safe she lay back down. Her fingers began to find their way between her legs and she began to touch herself. Her fingers began to play enthusiastically with her pussy and she began to moan out loud. Merrill was very skilled at getting herself off anyway, but all she could think of was the woman servicing Peter's dick. So, Merrill's orgasm came even faster than normal and she cried out as her insides exploded. 

Gasping and trying to control her breathing she turned her head to look at the portrait of the Lord and his Lady staring back at her. They both appeared to watch her, smiling at her, as the Lord's eyes seemed to bore into her very soul. She studied the painting for a moment, what a crazy dream, she must tell Peter all about it.

Part two

Merrill turned the huge brass handle on the door of the church and pushed. To her surprise it opened and so she went cautiously in. The musty smell of an old building hit her nostrils, as she stood at the back admiring the splendour in front of her. There was no questioning the fact her church was both large and beautiful. Her fingers ran along the top of the back pew as she walked to bottom of the aisle.

On the side was a wooden board listing all the vicars the church had had, going right back to the 17th century. Merrill name had not yet been added of course, but she knew it would give her a thrill to see her name written there. The sense of responsibility and tradition struck her once again.

She made a brief curtsey and then began to slowly walk towards the front. Merrill looking from side to side at the ornate kneelers which sat gathering dust on the floor of each row of the benches. There were many equally old and worn copies of bibles on the seats and the odd service book left over from the previous Sunday. Merrill smiled; this was perfect, just what she was hoping for.

She raised her head to admire the golden cross standing proudly by the side of the altar and then her eyesight drifted to the wonderful stained-glass windows. Wow, she thought. At the front, she turned and looked back down the church. There certainly were a lot of seats; her congregation could well be very large on occasions. Of course, most of the time it would be almost deserted, but she had lots of ideas to boost attendance in her new church. The nervous knot in her stomach tightened a little more at the challenges that lay ahead.

Merrill looked upwards towards the balcony that was at the back of the church. She frowned as she thought she saw movement and then she gasped as she saw a figure step forward. The sun, which shone through the big stained-glass window behind the balcony made it impossible to see properly. She tried to shade her hands to help her vision, but she could not make out whom it was. A voice in her head told her, I am watching you, and her mind was filled with laughter. It was the voice from her dream and suddenly she felt certain the figure was Lord Edmon Lived. 
