 Part Three
Jane Jelly


Thanks to Jon B 1969 for the edit.


"Alice!" Jane shrieked. "You're. . . you're. . . Uh! What are you doing here?! What happened to Roy?! And what the fuck happened to you?!" she thought. 

Alice smiled, "Oh, I was just passing through, decided to drop by, check on old friends." Her smile was predatory, her gaze, seductive, and she licked her lips with a hungry lust that chilled Jane to the core. Her mind raced, trying to take in the almost surreal scene: Roy, in bed, on his back, eyes tear-filled and terrified, darting back and forth between Jane and Alice. His cock stood steel straight, percolating white cream in unbelievable quantities. Smiling Alice stood before her, nude and wet, as if she stepped out of a shower. 

In other circumstances, Jane would think Roy and Alice had just fucked. The room smelled, "reeked!" of sex, humid and musky. "Something happened here," Jane thought. "And not just sex." Alice stepped towards Jane, a simple movement, but with the sinuous grace of a snake stalking a rat. Jane stepped back, unsettled, her hand to her chest. Alice cocked an eyebrow, "Scared of something Jane?"

"Uh. . . er, no! No, of course not," Jane gulped. "It's just. . . wow! You disappeared. What happened to you?"

"Well, Roy could tell you," Alice gurgled. "But he's a little preoccupied at the moment. So," she smiled, "Like my new look?" 

Alice quietly walked towards Jane as she spoke. Jane carefully edged toward the door, trying to keep a space between her and Alice. Questions and thoughts streamed through her mind: Alice's nudity, bold and sensual, so unlike the Alice she remembered. This Alice looked like a predatory Playboy model out of a Wet and Wild magazine. Roy's massive erection, the way his limbs were glued to his body, put together with Alice, added to a confirmation for Jane of a sinister act.

"I have to get out of here and call the police," she thought. "I don't know what Alice did to Roy. Glued him? Dosed him with Viagra? Whatever, it's fucked up and I've got to get this bitch put in jail, and Roy to a doctor. 

So! Uh. . . well. . . your breasts look bigger." Jane offered a somewhat unconvincing smile. "So, um, what did you do? Implants?" Alice's breasts did seem larger, not by far, just a cup size more than Jane remembered. Even then, they'd been near perfect melons, the kind that made Jane so jealous. "Fucking bitch! Little Miss Fucking Perfect! At least I took Roy from her!"

"Gurgle!" Alice chuckled, answering her question. "No, 'gurgle!', just some body modification. Let's just call it, very plastic surgery, gurgle!"

Jane didn't know which was more disturbing, Alice's strange accent or Roy's Alice- caused condition. He lay on the bed, his eyes teary and frantic. Desperate moans emanated from his sealed mouth. White jizz erupted from his painfully erect cock. A stream of white lava flowed down his shaft. It formed a shallow pool in his hairless crotch, and flowed over his balls, continuing down the shallow trough between his legs, towards his fused feet.

Roy moaned again, eyes wide with fear. Jane couldn't understand his words but they sounded like, "Mmmeeelll! Aaawww ooeee!"

"Well, Alice," she said, trying once again at a reassuring smile. "It's good to see you, um. What did you do to him you fucking bitch?!"

"Liar," Alice smiled. Jane's spine froze as another chill raced up its length. Alice's smile looked so. . . evil. "Actually, you wish I was dead," Alice continued. "You've been hoping for the past year, I suspect. I'm happy to oblige you, but you'll find out soon enough."

"What the fuck is she talking about?" Jane thought.

"So, you got Roy all to yourself for the whole year. Have fun?" Alice stepped closer, Jane stepped back. "Of course you did. You must have had a blast, thinking of me while Roy rammed his big, thick cock into your tight, wet cunt. What was it, huh? You were fucking him, he was fucking you, and you both 'fucked' me? Did you laugh? Yeah, you did, didn't you? I know you . . . or Alice did. Childhood friends and BFF's remember? 'I stole Alice's boyfriend,' you recited that thought every single day, didn't you?"

Each step Alice took brought Jane's terror up another level. Alice wasn't ranting. Her voice was calm, her face, smiling and predatory, and every word she said was the truth. Jane and Roy laughed about betraying Alice many times over the past year. Right now, Jane didn't feel like gloating. "I've got to get out of here," she thought, edging ever closer to a door which felt way too far.

"Or maybe you really did want to fuck me, hmmm?" Alice teased. "All those years, sticking by my side, whispering behind my back, a back you'd already stuck the knife in, undermining me with my friends? Was it because I was prettier, hmmm? Or did you want me all to yourself and I didn't see the signals? Or maybe it was both? Yeah, that's it. You wanted me and wanted to be me, and since you couldn't have both, you decided to destroy me."

"You . . . you . . . you fucking bitch! Fuck you, you fucking cunt! Miss fucking perfect! Acting so fucking superior, thinking you were so much better!" Jane's screaming invective came all too quickly. The vehemence stunned even her, and she stood glaring at Alice, near convulsive with hate and rage. Alice had pulled something dark and secret from deep within her. She exposed a weakness to the light, and Jane so wanted to kill her. 

Alice's smile was the classic girl-next-door beam that melted boys' hearts and Jane despised, but her eyes were hard and cold. "Oooo! Touched a nerve, did I?"

"Fuck you! I'm calling the cops! I don't know what you did to Roy but it's assault. I'm going to enjoy watching them take you away. Maybe you should put on some clothes, skank. No, better yet, keep them off, give them a show." Jane's voice wavered between rage and fear. The kind, good-hearted, and naïve person she knew and betrayed was gone. 

The way she spoke, the way she moved, and her cheerfully predatory smile once more drew forth the question, "What the fuck happened to her?" A dark hidden part of her mind answered her question, "You did, Jane. You and Roy. Now she's pissed."

Roy moaned again. Both women turned to the bed. "Oh! Looks like I left the taps on," Alice gurgled. 

"What did you do to him? Come on Jane, get to the door!"

"Oh, nothing he didn't deserve," the coed gurgled. "I just made him into the kind of thing he made me, and I guess you and a lot of other women. Poetic justice don't you think?" 

Alice went to the bed and grasped Roy's cock. At her touch, Roy rolled his eyes in agonized pleasure. An arc of cum welled up to land on her breast. "Watch this. It's a new trick I taught Roy. Pay attention. You're going to learn in a few minutes. Gurgle!"

Jane knew she should have bolted for the door while Alice was distracted. Her ex-BFF was clearly insane, and she did something horrible to Roy; but a morbid curiosity, the curiosity that attracts people to car wrecks, house fires, and murder scenes, the curiosity that mesmerizes people when they see a man assaulted or a woman gang raped, held her in place. She had to know, and in that brief, all too soon lost, window of escape, Jane saw Alice perform an act which sent the envious woman's entire concept of self, sanity, and the nature of the universe down the rabbit hole.

End Part One

Part Two

She thought it was a hallucination at first; a result of the stress of the past two days, or the fear of the moment. Or maybe Alice was performing a magic trick, learned over the past year. Jane never considered herself an expert on cum but cum wasn't supposed to behave like Roy's. It wasn't supposed to bubble from his prodigious cock like soda from a fountain. It wasn't supposed to absorb into Alice's stroking hand like gravy into a biscuit. 

Roy rolled his eyes. He moaned and grunted with tense muscles and arced back, humping up and down, trapped in an unstoppable orgasm. Other than his agonized moans, to Jane's horror, soft, faint slurps hissed from Alice's hand as she drank his seed. Her gurgles, not the light giggles or chuckles she used to bubble when happy, added to the horror of the room. In spite of the sight, Jane's mind might still have locked itself behind a veil of skepticism, protecting her sanity, if not for what happened next.

Alice stopped stroking Roy. His cock, cleared of cum, stood ramrod straight, white-pink and throbbing. The rest of his body relaxed, but only as a brief interval for Alice's next act. "Oh Roy," she gurgled. "You've made a mess. Time to clean you up, you naughty boy." 

With those words, Alice, before Jane's horrified, disbelieving eyes flowed, not climbed but flowed, with one leg oozing across his body, over Roy's groin, sliding her pussy down his shaft until her ass met his flesh at the base. Roy viewed that beautiful bubble ass he so used to love running his hands over. Now, he wished with every fiber of his being that he was as far away from it as possible.

Alice lay over Roy's legs until her face was at his fused feet. "Roy always loved doggy style," she gurgled. "But then you probably know that. Watch this, 'gurgle!'" 

Jane, horrified, was finally able to witness the depth of Alice's transformation. "Oh! God!" she gasped as Alice's body faded into a glass sculpture, a kneeling nude made of jelly, shuddering and pulsing with chilling gurgles bubbling from its mass. 

The cum, pooled around Roy's body, drifted up into the jelly like balls of wax, breaking up into smaller and smaller beads until they blended into the protoplasm. She opened Roy's taps; once again, clouds of cum squirted from his glans, his penis distorted by the refraction of light across Alice's glassy form. 

Roy groaned in ecstasy, pain, and terror. He turned his head and looked at Jane in despair. His eyes rolled back and his body resumed another cycle of uncontrollable orgasms. These were the images flooding Jane's brain, breaking down the last barriers of skepticism and sanity. White hot panic exploded inside her unprotected mind. "Hooboy!" she thought. "Time to go! Tooweirdtoofuckedtoomuchbyebye!" 

Jane raced for the door, trying to escape from this . . . thing formerly known as Alice, sobbing with relief when her hand grasped the knob. The knob wouldn't budge, neither did lock above it. 

"No!" she cried. Her frantic twists were met with the futile "Clack! Clack!" of a broken door knob. A closer look revealed the lock's acid-scarred appearance. Something had eaten and fused the metal. 

"I love my new life," she heard from the bed. "Did you know I can actually eat metal? Not very well but it's amazing how just the right amount of acid can fuse door knobs, locks, even door chains, 'Gurgle!'" 

The gurgling, liquid tone of Alice's voice sent Jane into a frenzy. The door vibrated under her terrified pounding. "Help! Heeeeuuuullllp!!!" she screamed. 

"Really Jane. You know more than anyone the neighbors ignore everything below a nuclear explosion, 'Gurgle!'"

Jane, weeping with terror, ran for the chair where she'd laid her purse. "The phone! Get to the phone!" She reached the chair . . . to find her acid-melted phone among the remnants of her leather purse. 

"You seriously didn't think I thought of that, did you Jane?" A glance at Roy's phone found it in similar condition. Jane's next move was the kitchen. "Maybe I can find a knife, anything, a weapon!" she thought. 

A bemused Alice watched as Jane raced for the kitchen. Roy groaned behind her. "Hush!" she said. "I'm enjoying this."

She watched Jane scramble frantically through the drawers, sending utensils flying. When her ex-BFF settled on a butcher knife, Alice rolled her gelatin eyes, "Good grief, how original." 

Jane faced Alice, grasping the knife. The jellygirl was sitting astride Roy, her gelatinous body humping his groin. The surreal sight of the surfer's upper body, blurred and distorted through Alice's transparency, filled her with terror. Every few seconds, Alice's belly turned opaque with Roy's cum. A shudder rippled through the surfer as he sent a final blast into the jellygirl before his body settled. His rigid cock disappeared as Alice's semi-liquid body solidified into flushed pink and tan flesh. She stood, staring coldly at Jane all the way. Roy's cock extricated with a faint slurp and stood spear stiff, gleaming and wet. 

"Don't worry," the jellygirl said. "He's not dead but he's going to need water soon."

Roy was unconscious; his chest rose and fell softly. He looked much the same as when Jane first entered the apartment. Jane balefully watched Alice glide towards her. She strode with the sinuous grace of a snake. Jane glanced frantically at the window, knowing full well its uselessness as an avenue of escape. The window had bars, it was three stories off the ground, over an alley too narrow for passage. "Fuck!" she thought. The knife in her hand was a paper prop against the monster approaching her. "What the fuck are you?!" she asked. "You're . . . You're not Alice!"

"Well duh," the Alice thing answered, smiling, one step closer.

"What happened to Alice? What did you do to her?"

"As if you cared," the jellygirl replied, a few more steps away. "Actually, my former selves did it to each other. You might say we killed ourselves and gave birth to me. So your wish Alice was dead, that wish was granted, 'Gurgle!'" The jellygirl stepped closer. "If you're wondering why I'm doing this, well, I have her memories and emotions . . . well, at least her anger. You wouldn't believe how hurt and betrayed she felt." She smiled a smile of beautiful evil. "But you will feel the hurt, I guarantee it."

Jane raised the knife, "Get . . . get back! I mean it! I'll fucking stab you, you bitch!"

"Oooo, with that little thing? Oh, I am soooo scared. Well, you got it. Go for it. Come on, take your best shot." Alice's superior, daring look, which annoyed Jane in the past, however unconsciously, set the blonde off. "Yaaaah!" she screamed, with all the force of fear, desperation, anger, and envy powering it. The knife buried itself to the hilt in Alice's chest. She didn't even grunt. Jane drew back, screaming, and stabbed again . . . again . . . and again. The knife made no sound. Alice shed no blood. It was like stabbing butter. 

Alice sighed and rolled her eyes. "Oh! Oooo! Oh! Help, you're killing me," she droned derisively. Her mockery only drove Jane to greater frenzy. 

"Rrrauuugh!" she cried, using her fists along with the knife. Alice was tempted to look at her wrist as if checking the time. Jane's intense stabbing and pummeling sent liquid ripples across Alice's "skin". 

"Yawn!" she went, comically covering her mouth. 

Jane's frenzied attack subsided as the futility of her action seeped through the wall of rage. She slowly collapsed, her fists pummeling down Alice's body. Hitting Alice was like punching a jelly mold statue and Jane, defeated, finally knew her place. She curled at Alice's feet, a quivering, sobbing ball of flesh, dark blond hair disheveled, face wet with tears, sweat, and mascara. "Fuckyoufuckyouyoufuckingbitch. Why didn't you just fucking die? Why didn't you stay away?"

Alice, victorious and cold, stood over Jane. She pulled the knife out of her breast and knelt down to whisper in her ear. "Too late Jane, remember? Alice's already dead. You never listen. If she were alive, she would have stayed away. She blamed you and Roy for a lot of things but she was never vengeful. She had a conscience, something you and Roy never appreciated. That's why she was always better than you, not because she was prettier, but because she had character." 

She threw the knife away and continued, "She was your best friend. She never said a mean word to you, or about you. Never flaunted her beauty over you, even tried to help you with boys. Look how you repaid her." Jane mumbled something. "You never wanted her help? No, I guess not. You wanted something else, didn't you? If Alice knew that, she'd feel sad, but I'm not Alice." She leaned close to Jane's ear. "I'm a monster, and monsters have no pity." 

Jane, curled up, didn't see but heard Alice's transformation, a soft, quiet, sickening gurgle. She whimpered and wailed as her body was picked up and thrown onto the table. She landed on the hard walnut with a painful "Ugh!" and lay staring. The beige ceiling and lamp were soon blurred by the clear, glassy face of Alice. "Oooo, did that hurt?" she gurgled. 

The lamp's light lent an amber glow to Alice's body. Jane saw Alice smile within her facial contours, like a bust sculpted from crystal. She put her hand to Jane's face and began to stroke it. Jane cringed in horror, sniffling.

"You know, I don't like those mascara streaks. Let's clean you up." Her words were soft, almost sympathetic. Jane whimpered.

Alice caressed Jane's face, devouring every streak of mascara, every bead of sweat, every tear drop, even the mucus from her nose, washing her ex-BFF's face with her protoplasm. When finished, she looked upon the clear face of the woman her former self had known and loved. "You always use way too much make-up," she gurgled. 

Jane stared at this monster with wide brown eyes. Her face, clean and fresh with a broad bell-shaped nose, soft, pink, just-less-than-pillowy lips, and rounded chin projected a prettiness that might have turned heads without comparison to Alice. The jellygirl turned her gaze to Jane's breasts. The top button of her blouse had become undone, exposing a red bra. "Well," Alice gurgled. "You've grown a bit. Real or silicone?"

"Fuck you!" Jane spat, trembling.

"Gurgle! Let's see how much, 'Gurgle!'" Alice replied. 

Her hands flowed with smooth liquidity. Jane's blouse and bra parted like butter. Her breasts flopped out, exposed flat against her chest. Instinctively, Jane moved to cover her breasts but found her arms restricted by the thick, syrupy form of Alice. "Uh-uh-uh, no covering," wagged the jellygirl. "Oooo, you had some work done. Nice new muscles, makes 'em look bigger. Let's look a little further down, shall we? What else did you do?"

The jellygirl's gaze oozed down Jane's body. "Mmmm, nice abs. You've been working out. Nice tan too." 

Her hand flowed across Jane's flat stomach which rolled in fear. Jane bit her lower lip and whimpered. Alice's liquid touch was warm, sensual, and horrifying. 

"You know Jane, these jeans don't do a thing for you," she gurgled. "I'll have to be careful. Don't want to hurt your precious skin."

Jane squirmed as Alice's rippling body dissolved her expensive designer jeans and panties. "Oooo, you wear Pink panties. You changed from Victoria's I see, and ohhhh, you shaved . . . no, you had laser treatment. Must have been costly; I don't taste any hair cells, 'Gurgle!'" 

"F-f-fuck you!"

"'Fuck you?' Is that all you can say? I should seal your mouth like Roy. I'm bored with 'Fuck you.' No . . . wait . . . you know? That's a good idea. Fuck you, 'Gurgle!'"

"What are you . . . aahhh!" Jane started and then gasped as soft, syrupy fingers stroked around her cunt lips. 

Alice was sitting up, straddling Jane's thighs. Her arms were merged to her sides, her body rippling at the junction where Jane's groin met her protoplasm. Jane watched her pussy, slightly distorted by Alice's fluid body, throb and pulse as if manipulated by invisible hands. Her eyes widened in shock, not so much at her cunt's manipulation as at the person/thing/monster performing it. 

"What are you doing?! You're not a lesbo," Jane gasped, then gasped a second time as her pussy parted like a rose pink curtain. 

"Correction, Alice was straight. I don't discriminate. I want to see what Roy's been tasting this past year, 'Gurgle!'"
