 Observation room A was unoccupied for the past few months, since there was little it could have been used for at first. The last two weeks of inactivity, however, were due to the scientists pointedly avoiding it. It wasn't until just recently that a direct order came from their superiors to continue the research that they were forced to begin the first few phases of the project.

Two people entered the room, one of them a young man in appearance with the obvious signs of experience in the field, which was probably why he was the one to enter, and the other was a female figure with reflective paper-white skin and pure blue orbs where eyes would be. She was certainly a machine, but that did not make her form any less of a model of jealousy. In her arms was the man's lab coat, and she stood by with it while he took his seat. 

The man looked into the video feed of the chamber where the procedure would occur, where the walls, floor, and ceiling were all a dull pink. The room had no corners, and the light that it received was from the material it was made from being designed to glow brightly, giving absolutely nothing distinct in any part. Simply looking into the room disoriented him slightly. Sighing, he turned to the droid behind him. She spoke in a clear, unaltered voice. 

"All preparations are complete." 

"Good," He replied, "send the subject in so that we may start." 

*

Sarah gasped, her legs almost giving way as she realized that she was still standing. So many questions flooded her mind instantly. Where am I? How did I get here? 

It seemed only seconds before that she was talking avidly with a couple of her friends about something that slipped through her mind just now. It was as though she had blinked herself into this place, where the walls and floor threatened to make her topple over out of confusion. Nothing about the place stood out to her, and she took to looking at the first thing that she knew was different. One glance down at herself and she realized that she was completely naked. This wasn't right, how could she have gone through that kind of a change in a split second. 

Dreaming, she thought, she must be dreaming, but this place seemed so horribly vivid that dreaming hardly seemed like a good explanation. She tried to cover herself, feeling eyes on her even though the room was empty save herself, and she felt her breasts, waist-line, and ass had expanded, making her body feel much more sexy. This did it for her, Sarah may not have been able to remember it, but she must have been here for a long time. She started to freak out as she tried to walk to one of the curved walls, but she covered no distance. The floor was some kind of treadmill that only moved the opposite direction she tried to, as she soon discovered when she tried to run around in several directions, or spread her legs as far apart as they could go, but the room returned them to exactly shoulder width apart, even shifting her feet around to make her strike a sexy pose with her legs no matter how she protested. She even tried to sit down on the floor, but every time it moved her legs in such a way that made that action impossible. 

Standing there with no control over most of her movement, Sarah began to sob, begging anyone who would listen to let her go, but no response came. When almost an hour passed of relentless forced movement of her lower body, she would have expected herself to become exhausted, but no such thing would happen to her. 

*

"Begin phase two." 

*

Some kind of noise sounded from behind her that she thought sounded like a machine. Hopeful that it was a door of some sort opening, she looked around, only to be horrified at a large mechanical arm moving from the wall toward her. Sarah was no stranger to the more erotic things in life, but seeing it in person was making her panic. She tried to turn away from it as it slowly approached her ass, but the floor saw to it that she couldn't. Her hands flew back to cover her opening and her legs pulled together, and again the floor moved around to create a wide gap between her legs. A long metal protrusion emerged at the end of the mechanical arm that was about an inch thick, but half a foot in length. Tears started streaming down her cheeks as she chanted no, but she knew that no one would hear her as the length of the dildo passed between her fingers and started shoving into her ass. 

The metal was cold, but had a kind of slippery surface that made passing into her hole that much easier, but it still filled her so much as she felt it close the entire six inches inside of her. Sarah's breathing came in gasps as she tried to force the thing out, hardly noticing until it was too late that another arm had emerged from the wall in front of her. 

The floor suddenly moved under her, forcing her to her knees on the ground. She was able to let out a short scream before another cold metal length that was identical to the one in her ass slide into her mouth completely, but she did not gag as the thing shoved another six inches down her throat. Part of the dildo in her mouth was convex, allowing a sufficient air flow. The tears continued down her cheeks, but it was out of the overwhelming sensations her body was going through rather than fear or pain. 

The two things were left in her like this, not moving any more than they already had. Sarah would have reached an arm up to pull one of them out, but they were both on the ground now. She knew now that, once there, it was impossible to remove them as the floor shifted this way and that to keep them there. Beside that, her attention was now focused on a new feeling that she could hardly comprehend. It was as though her body was slackening and becoming more firm at the same time with a dull vibration coursing through her that originated from the lengths that were shoved into her mouth and ass. The first few minutes of this passed and her panic was ebbing away while her pussy started to become wet from the feeling. She tried to deny it for the first few minutes, but her mind was starting to play tricks on her, making her wonder how bad this really was. Part of her desperately clawed for the remains of her will, while the other was begging the machines to let her hand reach back to rub her pulsating vagina. 

*

"Phase two complete, sir. How long should I set the devices to be active for?" 

The subject started to moan loudly through the arm jutting down her throat, clearly struggling to maintain her conscious mind. The man seemed to consider her for several moments before deciding. 

"Leave her there for twenty-four hours, then we will return." 

*

When almost four hours had passed, Sarah had already lost all hope or desire for this to end, and started bucking her hips back against the protrusion in her ass while sucking instinctively on the one in her mouth. Her mind was in a constant state of bliss while her body was being tormented and changed by the machines. A flow of thoughts entered her mind that were somewhat alien, but were all that meant anything to her now. 

"You are part of something special. Allow me to change you." 

All of her memories, her personality, or any recognition she had left within her was sent to a remote corner of her mind, irrelevant. All she could think of now was the feeling that she was going through as the things inside of her continued to vibrate at an extraordinary intensity. She felt her internal organs, which she understood to be useless now, all begin to dissolve to make more space for her vaginal cavity and womb. 

After seven more hours of this, her body was changed completely, and the dildo in her mouth retreated suddenly with no need remaining. Her mind had been changed completely to accommodate for the new information she now had, including who had her captive, but first, they needed to be convinced that nothing had changed at all so that her master's plan could take full effect in due time. 

She continued to sit on her knees with the arm in her ass while the last of the changes took place. Less than thirty minutes later, her ass and pussy looked to be separate parts, but had in fact joined into one entity. The entire place between her legs could now separate into a massive opening that led directly into her womb while her anus and its cavity no longer existed. The last dildo inside of her started to expand rapidly to take full advantage of her newest growth, reaching almost a foot of thickness and three feet of length before it started thrusting into her. 

Sarah blinked again, realizing in an instant the massive length that shot inside her. It was an impossible sight, but she could not deny that the ravishing was making her body jolt with one continuous orgasm. She screamed aloud as the thing pistoned inside of her like a jackhammer. Actually reaching a point where her lungs must have been, but even that spot seemed to ignite her sexual passions the same as if it had been just her womb. Little did she know that it was her womb that the arm was penetrating so vigorously. 

She realized as she felt a sense of sloshing around inside of her that the arm was secreting some kind of fluid in her that made her body shudder with absolute bliss. How wrong this was no longer seemed even remotely important as she bucked her hips back against this thing like she did before 

*

The man returned again with the same robot servant the next day to check on the subject. It seemed that the machines had broken her long before, as she simply went limp against them while they vibrated inside of her. He checked the scanners for her anatomy and noted that her body had slackened immensely so that she was ready to deal with the next part. 

"Begin phase three." 

"Yes sir." 

The machine in her mouth started shooting a fluid into her that he knew was all that remained to turn her broken mind into that of a willing slave-breeder. 

*

Sarah knew that machine would normally have filled what was once her stomach with some kind of fluid, but her master had seen to it that nothing foreign be inside of her save for its spawn. She knew now that he had tricked the machines into seeing whatever the researchers wanted to see, while she enjoyed the treatment of her life, being pounded relentlessly by the arm inside her pussy. 

The thing grew inside her at an alarming rate, stretching to fill every corner of even her expanded womb, but this was not the end of it. Soon, a sliding door opened on one side of the room, and the floor did nothing to stop her from walking toward it while the arm released her. Somewhere inside of her, Sarah knew that her old self would have been relieved to see a way out, but this to her was now merely a means to an end. 

*

All had been the same for the surrogates for years. Receive insemination from the machines in each of their respective rooms, then entertain themselves for the next few weeks while their spawn matured inside of them. They would then give birth, and the whole process would repeat itself. That is, until Sarah arrived. 

Emily was not one to judge, after all, she herself had gone through something similar while her mind was being "reconfigured" for her new and wonderful life, but something was off about this new girl. She walked with more personality, and a bit of a sexy swagger while all of the other surrogates simply went about their lives in simple monotony. One day, Sarah approached her, smiling in that mischievous way. 

"Follow me." The word penetrated Emily's mind like a hot knife through butter, instilling the idea instantly that she must follow Sarah now. Shamelessly, she walked after her new friend, not even wondering where this would lead, when she found herself in her own breeding room, where she would be impregnated by the machine. She wondered what this was about until Sarah's lips were suddenly on her own. Her saliva ran down Emily's throat, burning as it went down, and all the while remaking her mind for a new task. 

Sarah was pregnant, but not with the usual spawn that they all were. No, this one was special, and must be protected while he took a few weeks to mature inside of her. Now that she thought of it, Sarah's belly and lower torso did have a slight bulge to them that was indistinguishable before. 

Emily's insides continued to burn as she felt most of her organs withering away into nothing, and her womb expanded just as Sarah's did. Soon, the two women were very similar to each-other on the inside, save that only one of them carried a child. Sarah could fix that, Emily was sure. 

Sure enough, the rod on the wall extended on its arm toward the seat that Emily normally sat in to be impregnated by semi-human children, but knew now that she, too, would bear a child just like Sarah's.

*

Somewhere in the back of Peter's mind, it occurred to him that he should probably go back to check on the surrogates. It was a task that hadn't been done in months, but the superiors seemed to have turned a blind eye to the guards becoming progressively more lazy. Still, he thought, it'd be nice to take one of those beautiful bodies to bed for a night or two. That really shouldn't mess with the scientist's experiments, and he always wanted to do it.

He got up from the table where he and his friends were playing cards, half expecting one of them to ask where he was going, but the dealer just dealt out cards for one less person, ignoring him. Once upon a time, this might have been weird, but Peter had grown used to this kind of behavior when it started about a year ago, when they'd all just stopped even checking on some of the rooms. In their absence, the surrogates hadn't changed at all, so none of them really cared, that was until they were given a direct order from the higher ups to escort this one woman who'd been terrified like all the others to the full-body change, where she was sedated and molded into the perfect sexy shape.

Everything went like it used to, and when she simply walked like a human robot into the test chamber to have her mind "hacked", as Peter liked to call it. The chip in her head that they'd installed took basic control over her legs, so that she could be walked unconscious without struggle.

That was almost half a year ago, and no-one had been in the insemination rooms since then to check on her to see if she had assimilated well, since they all assumed she had.

Now, he walked there, hoping to get to have sex with that very woman, with her lush body and hot pink hair. Thinking devious thoughts of what he'd force that girl to do, he typed in the code for the mechanical door and waved his security card so that it could open.

The doors parted and he stepped inside.

*

The scientist was now pinned against a wall by the very machine he used to keep himself company. It was eleven months after Sarah was released to mingle amongst the other surrogates to see if the process was still functional. He never managed to see the results, and neither did his coworkers, as all of them started avoiding the surrogate section as they did the observation rooms and test chambers. Without his knowing, almost the entire compound had fallen right under their noses. 

It must have been a hacker of some sort, he had thought in hindsight, and moved to his office to try to save work and leave or perhaps employ an anti-virus software. He could do neither before he was pinned by the machine. 

"Sorry, sir," She said, one hand tearing off his lab clothing easily while the other pinned him by his neck, "I operate under a new protocol now." 

In moments, she had him completely naked and, despite his struggling, pinned him to the floor and straddled his cock. He was unable to stop himself from feeling the pleasure she brought him as part of one of her functions, and soon he ejaculated inside of her violently. She lowered herself on top of him so that he could better suck at her artificial breasts, taking in the fluid that immediately started to alter his body. 

His cock shriveled until it no longer existed, as did most of his internal organs. He felt a new kind of want enter his mind as he felt new curves and bumps form on his body. He no longer felt the desire to fill others with his sperm, but to be filled. He, no, she caressed her new body, imperfections working themselves out as her dark hair grew a hundred times longer. 

The facility offered "new" information as it normally did by the day, creating imaginary events and menial discoveries that meant nothing to their superiors while dozens of women were birthing creatures at almost the same time. 

*

Sarah screamed as she collapsed to the ground. She no longer felt pain, but her sexual drives translated it to pleasure anyway. She orgasmed several times while she felt something being expelled from her body from between her legs. It's head and shoulders came first, resembling for the most part a massive version of a human baby, that is until its lower back was revealed. 

Seven thick tendrils hovered absently in the air as the thing was pushed out completely, almost sniffing the air around three other astonished women who, moments after, fell to the ground themselves as their own quickened labor began. 

Sarah looked up at the thing, which seemed to be able to stand only moments after being revealed to the world. Her form, as it could only seemingly be related to a female in comparison, was curved and developed even as the fluids from the womb still dripped around her. She looked around at the women on the ground, each of them expelling small creatures of their own, until its eyes came upon Sarah. 

Its body started to grow much more rapidly after it was clear of Sarah's womb, reaching easily over six feet in height in seconds, its respective body assets keeping proportions while it sniffed the air around Sarah's own dripping vagina.

To it, Sarah guessed that she was just another female waiting to be penetrated, but she reveled in the idea that she had just given birth to the first master. Her body had returned to it's normal size, but one of the foot-thick, meter long tentacles thrust itself into her body, ensuring it did not stay that way for long. She felt herself stretched as another one shoved itself into her pussy, making her climax instantly. In almost an hour, she and all of the other women who'd been pregnant only moments before, were now being ravished by their very spawn until each of them were being filled by one tentacle after another. 

Weeks later, all of the women were bloated with pregnancy again, but their spawn were not satisfied just yet. Even with each new birthing taking less time than the last, they needed more brood-mothers, and the memories that they gained from their own mothers told them just where to find such people.

* 

Jane heard a scream from the dressing room, and rushed to it quickly, guessing that some pervert had jumped the poor woman who had been trying on one of their elegant red dresses. It was near closing time, so that kind of act would not be outside the realm of possibility. Still, there was a first for everything. 

She reached the door where the woman was, but felt hesitant as she realized that the screams were not of terror, but moans of pleasure! Without realizing it, her own crotch had become soaked with arousal that she knew wasn't right. Slowly, she reached for the handle and opened it, barely able to control herself suddenly. 

The sight before Jane made her gasp. Some kind of strange woman stood over the one with only a bra on and was penetrating her with what looked like a massive, foot-thick tentacle. There were seven of these things, and one of them jetted out a stream of some kind of thick fume onto the woman's face while she moaned and bucked her hips against the tentacle pushing into her. Another was penetrating the very woman they originated from, going their entire meter of length into her. It seemed impossible, and it was making Jane indescribably hot. 
