 Part 1

Braun au, Austria

1916

Tabitha crept to the edge of the large bed. The fire glared angrily behind the two of them as outside the cabin. All the while down snow clad hills the harsh voices of soldiers could be heard.

War was wreaking havoc across Europe.

Tabitha smiled to herself as her hands ran up her young student's inner thigh. Her thoughts ran wild as she swooped. Her cold tongue piercing the hot, wet folds of the enticing labia. Roxanne let her head roll backwards, arching as she did so. Never before had anyone locked onto that delicious spot so quickly and Tabitha had no intentions of letting go any time soon.

'Men played the cruellest of games. Few had the true insight to foresee the consequences of them' She thought to herself as she remembered.

Her hands moved up the firm figure of the seventeen year old girl, up to the large breasts that seemed to be proportionately big on her tiny frame. Just one of the sensual attractions for both men and women.

"Ohhh!" she moaned in the most writhing of forms as she started to unravel her game. Slowly she pinched and pulled on the hard, pinkish nipples. Roxanne gasped out loud as Tabitha sucked her clitoris up into her mouth, sliding a finger into the young girls tiny ass hole. She felt the young woman push her hips upwards, towards the delicious contradictions of intense feelings. At the height of her thrust, Tabitha used two fingers to open her slit and expose her aroused clitoris. Roxanne reached down and put her hands on the head of the older woman in an effort to push her back down, but found two things. 

Firstly, she could not as her older teacher was to strong and secondly, a new assault began on her dripping pussy. Three fingers effortlessly slid into her creamy depths as her clitoris got slapped in short sharp bursts. Within seconds Roxanne exploded in orgasm, her eyes rolled back and forth in her head as one after the other the orgasms rolled through her body.

She looked for Tabitha's eyes but they were hidden in the shadows as they changed and fangs appeared. The moon held her sway as Tabitha sunk her fangs into the sides of her mound, triggering another roll of orgasms. Roxanne had no idea what was happening, lost in what seemed to be a never ending orgasm. 

Pain only seemed to add to the heady sensations racking her incredible body. Harder she sucked and steadily without the other having the faintest idea amongst the pleasure which was also being dished out. The blood and life force was being sucked from her.

At this point, she knew exactly why the devious plans and pulling of the strings behind the scenes should be left to a woman. Unlike the men who plotted out the steps to the conflict the rage across the world, Tabitha was well aware they would more than likely not achieve their greedy and lusty goals.

Roxanne slowly stopped squirming and thrashing. The sense that something was wrong finally dawning on her, as quickly her energy waned. Tabitha knew she would always get what she wanted from the devious games she played out. 

Anger and confusion came to her as now her own orgasm approached, as soon as she started to drink, a hand went between her legs. Flashbacks to that blood soaked night came to her as she looked up into that pretty face, the one she adored but felt threatened by at the same time.

Tabitha worked feverishly at her dripping hole as a look of realisation came. That stunningly innocent face that had mesmerised her for months taunt with fear and panic, more strikingly sexy to her now as she used weakened fists to beat in a futile fashion at the thing clamped to her.

At last, Tabitha felt the orgasm quivering through her body. She instinctively sucked harder and drained Roxanne fully, she slumped to the bed.

Tabitha regained her composure and reaching Roxanne, pulled her towards. She looked down into huge blue eyes open wide with shock, staring aimlessly past Tabitha as her last breath escaped her.

"The ones I love, I must let go" She whispered in her ear and the tears rolled. Rage and confusion filled her as now she changed form.

As the now winged creature took flight and crashed through the cabins roof, it created a vacuum that sucked the flames from the roaring fire place. 

The cabin and evidence burned, but still the Austrian and German soldiers camped through out the country side and felt the cold run down their spines like a banshee's cry. There was more to be afraid of than just the terrors of the battlefield.

Part 2

Gorsty Knoll, Forest of Dean,

Gloucestshire, England, 1873

Dusk had just spread its emphatic umbrella across the forest. Dark shadows marched forth through the trees and shrub, as though on a dark mission to blot out the last vestiges of light. Two drably dressed souls made their way up the mediocre incline as a cold breeze swept the foliage from the forest floor. The elder of the duos' nostrils flared. A familiar scent travelled the breeze and engulfed them on its journey through the trees.

His reflexes revealed his older age as his swiftly twirled on his heels. The basket of kindling on his back fell to the ground, as he instinctively crouched into a fighters crouch. His head still raised as he took in as much of the landscape as he could in one wide sweep. His walking aid now became his fighting staff across his chest briefly before falling to his side. He set off at speed into the darkness of night in to the forest. His prodigy followed with out question as they did silently dart through the trees and dance over the bushes making their way towards the dilapidated church on the hill top across the valley.

It had been many a long year since he smelled a hunt of this kind come to him across the winds and it chilled him to his very core.

Across the other side of the forest, Ernest double checked the saddle bags and went back into the cottage. He had not slept since the encounter two nights ago and he sank into the chair exhausted. He could not take his eyes off the area of burnt cloth at the end of the bed. Slowly his mind wandered......

She had come to him in the witching hour. He had always found her attractive, but had never been attracted to her. He was lying on the bed, still the smoky tendrils of the cannabis en wrapped him.

But... something was different this night, was it the fact that she had been missing for months without a trace? Was it the cannabis in his system? Or perhaps, a combination? Either way the remnant of clothing that draped her curves as she stood in the moonlight was mesmerising . His ample erection relayed it to her but unbeknownst to him, she could smell it in the air. Even from across the room she could hear his heartbeat quicken.

He closed his eyes and groaned as Carla licked her lips and crawled onto the bed. She cleverly disguised this as a look of lust as opposed to hunger as her hands slid under his night gown and enveloped his rock hard cock. He revelled in the unexpected coolness of her hands on his aching cock. He had so many questions for her but the cannabis, in fact, had him in a lustful tangle and strangling his questions before he could ask them.

She had been missing for almost four months. As he looked down to ask a question, almost a hundred more entered his head and left just as quickly as her piercing blues eyes looked through him and in one swoop, he felt the fat tip of his ten inch cock hit the back of her throat. He almost shot the huge load of cum down her throat as her ice cold lips wrapped around and deep throated him with loud, slurping grunts. He grabbed her hair as he gained some semblance of control and thrust up into her willing mouth.

Lust and wonderment took over as he fucked her pretty face harder and harder. Without taking a breath, or gagging again and again his long length disappeared between her lips. His heavy balls slapped hard against her throat until his long shaft appeared again, wet and slick with her saliva. He felt her spit on the tip and watched as again she swooped. Two sharp objects scraped up and down his prick, just hard enough to stop him from exploding in her mouth, but he wanted to take her with his seed covering her face, thrusting harder until on the brink he told her to spit on it again. She pierced him again with those eyes as she pulled her mouth away, a sticky stream of saliva trailing from his tip to her mouth. 

Carla groaned when rope after rope of creamy cum exploded onto her cheeks and lips. She swallowed what landed in her mouth but could not taste it .He pulled her onto him with an effort, but he thought of it as just one more strange thing that had occurred around here of late. She ran his tip up and down her wet slip, teasing the both of them as his cum dripped from her chin onto his. She saw and felt him squirm as he put his hands on her hips and in a motion and pushed her down onto his still hard and straining cock.

Teasingly, he leant into to kiss her cum covered lips and she played back with him. Their lips separated by just millimetres as he slid easily into her. They both gasped and their heads pulled away at their mutual sensations. Carla's pussy was tight, dripping wet but strangely cold and Ernest was the biggest dick Carla had ever had inside her. He stretched her wide and at the last moment before their lips met, she flung her head and long locks backwards marvelling the sensations her new life (she wondered at that thought) and relit lust had brought her over the last few months. He licked his lips as some of his cum splattered there. Getting accustomed to his size as his tip pressed against her womb, Carla moved as much of his creamy seed into her mouth as she could. She leant forward and felt his tip exit her dripping depths slightly. Forcing his mouth open, she dripped his cum into his mouth. They kissed vigorously as she slammed herself back down on his prick.

Carla squealed in pleasure as they kissed, driving Er nest's lust to another level.

"That's it Ernest, drive that fucking big dick into your dirty little servant girl". She hissed as the sound of skin slapping against skin and the grunts and groans of people fucking drifted out into the night air. "You've seen your dirty little servant girl being a dirty little slut before haven't you baby?". She teased as she leaned back while her large tits bounced as she held firm letting her lover do the work.

"That's it, cop some cock like only a slut can". He panted back as he thrust up hard. Reaching round he held her tight around the hips and proceeded to pound her creamy hole with his cock. Keeping most of his fat ten inches inside her he launched his assault, his groin hitting her mound and clitoris firmly as his mind thought back to that night.

She had deliberately brought up the night Ernest had seen his drugged, but beloved Tabitha being gang banged by the easily lead doctor and his debauched aid, as well as herself. Not being sure, she thought that maybe they had been wrong and he had not discovered them. But, now the cannabis was more depleted from his system and her teasing jolted him. His anger rose as she slipped into her orgasm, she trembled and he picked her up tipping her backwards as he rose to his knees.

"Ohhh, oh my god yes, yes!" She cried as he thought to himself.

"Where have you been for the last few months?" He thrust hard into her again, her cum now dripping down his heavy balls and thighs.

She mistook feeling him tightening for being about to explode. She looked down on her prey and bared her fangs silently.

In fact, he had coiled up in anger as visions of that scene months earlier replayed in his mind, his Tabitha obviously drugged and this woman had been a part of it.

Carla was not expecting the burst of anger and the strength that went with it. Viciously, he pulled her hair with one hand and brought her downwards as his other pushed her off him whilst he moved back wards to untangle himself. Carla hissed as her head hit a bed post, cracking it.

On the way down she knew he would see her fangs but, in fact, he had caught a glimpse of the image in the mirror opposite the bed. An image of himself. His powerful right fist landed on her jaw and it hurt her. Everything he struggled to piece together over the last few months made sense in one intense moment, however, instinct did not have time to wait for the details. Pinned beneath him in human form Carla now realised how critical her mistake was, she deflected one more punch but the head butt that followed dazed her.

As Carla deflected the punch, it smashed the cracked bed post and Ernest seized the falling piece.

Not knowing if the myths were true, not knowing if what he was seeing was true, he raised the piece as Carla recovered from the last blow to the head. Her eyes opened wide, but not in fear.. only in disbelief as the stake made by circumstance, pierced her chest and her heart.

He wept out of fear, shock, sorrow and drowned in realisation that a friend he had known for ten years dissolved in a fireball and ashes beneath him. He then made his way to cabinet under the mirror, threw water over his face and grimaced slightly at the pain radiating through his right hand. With some difficulty, he pulled the fang from above his knuckle and then collapsed to the floor.