 Hi everyone! As you've noticed, I've rewritten this whole story. I took my time and feel very pleased with the results. I was so inspired to continue, this story is like a baby to me. Please remember, these characters are all over 18 and belong to me. I hope you enjoy it!

Xxx

ravenwings

*

"Each has it lesson; for our dreams in sooth, come they in shape of demons, gods or elves, are allegories with deep hearts of truth that tells us solemn secrets of ourselves." -- Henry Timrod

Starting Over

"Lilly why now? Why do you want to leave now? Just stay-things will get better!" 

Lilly could see the sadness on Amber's face and she knew exactly how she felt. Moving away from your best friend is really hard and if she could have it her way, she would have stayed, but too much has happened here and she needs to start off somewhere new. You would think that money could buy everything, even happiness, but that's a lie. Lilly have all the money she's ever wanted, but lost everything she had. 

Lilly watched Amber as she took a sip of her coffee and swearing at herself for not waiting until it cooled of, "Amber, please...you are making this harder for me to say goodbye. Let's just enjoy dinner and not talk about it. We still have some time together."

Amber and Lilly met in preschool and became best friends ever since they both fell asleep in class and got in trouble. Ever since then they did everything together and now they are like sisters. On Lilly's 18th birthday Amber and her went to go visit Lilly's Aunt at the lake and they had so much fun swimming, camping and driving her aunt insane. She would always tell them these old stories about monsters that captured girls and keep them for eternity, to try and scare them. 

Lilly's life was so empty now she wouldn't mind having someone gorgeous sweep me of her feet! Sadly her aunt passed away just after they got home. The doctors said that it was a sudden heart attack; something must have scared her terribly.

Now almost 19, Lilly's a very lucky girl. Most people would think that with all the money she would be stuck-up and a bitch, but Lilly's exactly the opposite. Boys really seem to love her physique and she doesn't mind the attention, but it never goes further than a smile or a simple greeting. She was raised with morals and wait for the love of her life, but the way things are going now - She thinks she will die a virgin. Most people only like her for her money or her looks, so it's very hard to trust people. Luckily she has one good friend that has her back, but lately she has changed a little.

Lilly knew Amber was a little bit upset that she was moving away, but something else bothered her and she wanted to know, "You are so quiet tonight Amber, what's wrong?" 

Amber looked at her puzzled, "Nothing, nothing... I was just thinking about the place you're moving to. It's in Transylvania right?"

That's an unusual question, Lilly thought to herself, "Yes it is. Why do you keep asking?"

She looked at me with a playful grin, "Maybe you'll see some ghosts, demons or vampires there." 

"Ha ha very funny. Amber come on don't tell me you believe in that stuff? You were the one that always made fun of me when we would go on a ghost hunting trip." 

"I don't! It's just... do you remember the stories your aunt use to tell us? Maybe they are real and just like us." 

Lilly ccould see Amber was debating with herself and couldn't understand why she could even believe those stories. She was the one that always made fun of Lilly for being so serious on their little ghost hunting games. "Now you're just crazy girl! Lets finish up I want to go home and start packing." 

Just before we paid the bill Amber looked at her with an unusual expression on her face, "Oh before I forget Dean came over today again, looking for you." 

Hearing that name made Lilly's skin crawl, she hated him; he was very strange and made her uncomfortable. It all started when Amber moved in to her new apartment. It had the most beautiful view and they held allot of parties there. Like a good houseguest, Amber was very polite with Dean, but he took that to his advantage. Dean used every excuse in the book to visit her when Lilly was there. Every time she showed up he would always be there and even if she try and sneak in; he always knew. At first she thought it was sweet, but now it's like he looks at her like she's a piece of meat. Lilly brushed off the thought of Dean and greeted Amber before heading out the door.

The drive back home was 30 minutes long and she only had herself to keep company. The night sky was so beautiful and the streets so quiet, Lilly always wondered what it would be like for everyone to sleep during the day and work during the night. She grew tired of the morning sky and wanted the night time with the moon to be her sun. Is moving away really a good idea? She didn't want to leave Amber and her whole life here, but she had to get her head clean. Maybe the bad luck she had in her whole life won't follow her to Transylvania. Hell, she will even consider changing her name too keep it from finding her.

While Lilly was getting out of the car and looking for her house keys, a mysterious stranger with a pair of ice-blue eyes was watching her from the bushes.

"Lilith...it's been so long since I've been near you, and soon I will hold you next to me. Sleep well tonight my Little One."

***

He's waited thousands of years for her and couldn't believe she will soon be His. Being alive since the earth was created; He knew everything that went down in history. He even know all the folklore and fairytales humans today still wish were true. One of the stories was that every hundred years a human is born that is destined to be a demon's mate. Some humans were terrified of that story and some of them wished it could happen to them. Those humans think demons are the way they are portrayed in films, but they are wrong. Killing them and showing them what we are capable of became one of His favorite hobbies, a way to pass the time. These days humanity grew more interesting than ever. Various serial killers, hookers, druggies and other bad people to keep the life interesting, they entertained me thru most of the year.

He could smell Lilith's blood as she climbed out of her car. Her scent clouded His mind the whole day and He had to visit her again. He couldn't believe this beautiful little human was His mate. She looked so beautiful in that mini dress she had on...so...ravishing. It took every ounce of His power to control Himself. She didn't even know who or what He was, but He decided it was time to pay her a visit. As she walked up the porch, her hair reflected the light from the moon, giving it an almost blue shade. The way that dark hair contrasted with her skin, it made His mouth water for her. 

After almost 20 years, He's finally going to claim this little one as His. He's had many opportunities before, but decided to wait until she was on her own, making it easier. He didn't want her making a huge scene in her bedroom and may result in Him killing her parents. Soon she will wear His mark and be with Him...forever.

***

"Xenon, we have news that the girl is moving away from her hometown." Vephar bursts into the room and saw a beautiful woman working on Xenon's shaft with her mouth. Her head was bobbing and his shaft was coated with her saliva. Xenon's eyes were closed and his head thrown back, seemingly pleased with what this little slave could do with her mouth.

Xenon enjoyed the life her had. Sure he was a lower demon, but he was living the life. Some dodgy deals with one of the princes landed him in first class riches and he enjoyed every minute of it. Soon he started buying up whores and slaves for his own pleasure. He would buy them from one off the pits, train them until they were obedient, break them in and when he is finally done with them he disposes of them. Only a few he kept around to do his dirty work and wait for a quick fuck. He was growing impatient now. He wanted to keep that little one pure and save until he had his fill, then he would dispose of her.

Xenon excused the girl and as she left the room Xenon closed his trousers and got up, "You know, the only reason I put up with you is because you are a great watchman. Do you know how good that was?!" Xenon shouted at Vephar.

Vephar's nostrils flared, "I thought you wanted this little human?! Why do you care about your other slaves, they are all mindless without emotion. You've pushed them so far that they would do anything you want, without any emotion."

Xenon roared, his brown eyes bulging, "Of course I want her... as another slave. I really don't care for her; I just want my end of the bargain. Besides, I would like some fresh meat. I really don't care if she even survives it."

Vephar shook his head, "What if she doesn't want you? I've heard rumors about another one trying to claim her."

Laughing, Xenon replied, "Then I'll force her to come with me, it's that simple. Who is this other one that want's to claim her?"

Vephar just stared at his friend, in his head he knew that this could be causing allot of trouble, "I'm not sure yet, give me a few days, I will find out for you."

Xenon stared into the darkness, "That's fine with me; I will claim my prize soon." An evil smile flashed in the darkness.