 Meeting in her dreams 

While searching for her keys, Lilly got the feeling that she was being watched. A cold rush of wind blew against her bare skin that made her shiver. Even though the night was her favorite time of the day; there were times when she wished it was morning. In the dark you could never see if there is anything watching you, that's how she felt now. She could feel a pair of eyes boring into her and it made her very anxious and uncomfortable. After a few moments the feeling passed and she forgot all about it. Once inside she continued packing her last few boxes, writing on each of them to remember what is inside them.

Looking back I would never have guessed that my life would turn out the way it did now. I had a wonderful family, but death took my father away from me when I was only 9. We all knew there was nothing wrong with him, but somehow he fell ill quickly and only after a few weeks he passed away. Ever since then it was only me and my mother, helping each other through the pain of losing my dad. Things started to look up for me and my mother, but that happiness was cut short after my mother died of cancer a few months ago. I was totally alone with no family. It felt like my whole family was taken away by unnatural causes, but I knew there was a better explanation for that. I decided it was time for a change, time to start my life over and get my head clean. In my dad's will he left his vacation house in Transylvania for me. We've never been there, but he bought it just in case we would want to go there. That's where I will be living from now on. That's why Amber was so upset with me, but for now, it is the only option. I was never a person to flaunt money, but I wanted one special request done for me. I wanted to have my mother and father buried there in Transylvania, so that they are close to me.

"Stupid boxes!" She hated leaving her old life behind, but she wanted to start over. "Just three more boxes to go then I'm done." 

Between the books she found a picture of her family. She really didn't understand why she didn't look like them. Her mother had blonde hair and her father had golden hair, with very pale skin and both brown eyes. She is nothing like them. She has black hair and green eyes, with a very tan complexion. She would always joke around saying she was switched at the hospital, but knew that wasn't true. She just wondered why she didn't resemble them at all. 

Lilly only had a few books left to pack and then it's off to bed, because tomorrow was going to be a long day. After a nice long shower she could finally go to bed and drift into a long, dreamless sleep.

The steaming hot water against my skin was so relaxing and it loosened all the knots and cramps in my back. It's been a very stressful day with dealing with unsolved business of my parents, convincing Amber and to top it all; that strange feeling I got when I arrived at my house. I was sure that there was someone watching me, but on the other hand maybe it was just the stress that caused it. While I was rinsing the foam off of my body I could have sworn I heard a door slam in the house. Quietly I turned the water off and got out of the shower. I grabbed a towel on the railing and wrapped it around my body, making sure it is secured around me. 

I felt like a total idiot walking thru the house and searching for the source that caused my door to slam shut. I've watched many horror movies and knew this was the classic way to stage a murder or death scene, but luckily I knew that it only happened in movies. After searching thru the whole house I couldn't find anything, but I noticed that my bedroom window was wide open. This was strange because I could recall closing it before I went to shower. The cold wind coming from the window made me shiver and I pulled the towel closer to me while I reached out to close it.

"I thought I closed the window? I guess this was a really long day..." She rubbed her head with her fingers, "I just need some sleep."

Right after Lilly closed the window, the whole room remained icy cold and she felt that same feeling of being watched while she stood there in her towel. Lilly turned around to see if she could spot anything in her room and for a second she thought she saw a pair of eyes in the corner of her room, but when she blinked again it was gone. Her heart was pounding against her ribcage, but luckily she calmed herself down and quickly got dressed and dried her hair. Within 5 minutes she was done and she climbed into bed for a well deserved night's rest.

***

Waking up she noticed that it's still dark, but something was different. It's so cold and she could have sworn she climbed under the duvet to sleep. As she lifted the covers closer to her, she noticed something was wrong.

"What the hell? Where did this lingerie come from? This isn't mine!"

She had to admit, if this was a dream; whoever picked this out for her sure had taste. The red and black do look beautiful. As she scanned the room she noticed that it had a very medieval feeling to it. The walls were made of stone with candles lighting up the room; making everything in this place look more sinister with color. The bed was huge and it was covered with the most delicate dark red satin that she's ever seen. Her thoughts were interrupted when she saw something move in the shadows and her instincts kicked in. After admiring this room she forgot one important element.

"I am not in my room!" 

Suddenly something appeared from the shadows and started walking towards her. As this figure slowly emerged from the darkness it looked like a monster. His skin was marble red, with fire cursing thru his veins. Every step he took made his muscles bulge out of his pants and she could help herself from staring at him. His shoulders were broad with toned arms and had a six-pack that was rock hard. He was probably four times her size with two pointed horns on his head. His hair was pitch black, but what frightened her was his eyes. He had blood red eyes that burned in the darkness.

"Lilith, it's so good to finally see you. You have grown in to a beautiful woman." He had a melodic voice that seemed to draw her in. 

She's seen this scene in many movies; she knew that it won't matter if she tried to run. In fact that would make this whole situation worse. The only thing she could manage to do was back away from him on the bed and wait for an opportunity to escape.

"Who a-are y-you? Where am I?" 

He looked at her with a sadistic smile, "I am your master Lilith dear, your home." 

'Is this guy crazy? What the fuck does he mean by master?' Lilly thought to herself. At least this demon's voice was a bit normal, but while her heart was pounding against her ribcage, she could feel anger rising at his sadistic sarcasm.

"What do you mean? This isn't my home." 

Laughing at her question he replied calmly, "No I'm not crazy my love. You belong to me Lilith, your mine!" 

Oh my God she was right, he is crazy, he is going to kill her! She has to at least try to get away. "Stay the fuck away from me!!" 

She worked up the courage and decided to try and escape. She kicked him hard in his groin and made a run for it out the room only to realize that the door was locked. 'Shit'! She could never break thru 4 locks on a door and fear overwhelmed her.

"You're MINE Lilith! You can't escape me!"

He was shouting at her, she could hear the anger in his voice. Next thing she knew she was pinned against the wall with her hands above her head and staring into those blood red eyes. Those eyes seemed to stare straight into her and she felt so vulnerable at that moment. Lilly could feel his hot breath on her skin and the smell was intoxicating. It smelled like the ultimate forbidden fruit and a part of her wanted to place her lips over his and taste him, but that part was overpowered by her fear. While his eyes locked with hers she couldn't move a muscle. The way he was staring at her was so dangerous... so intimate... so ravishing, she couldn't help it when she felt the dampness forming between her legs. Lilly realized what's happening to her sanity and pleaded to him for mercy.

This could be portrayed as the perfect painting for fear. Lilly was pinned against the wall by two large talons and she couldn't move. She couldn't keep up with her breath and every time she inhaled her breasts would press against this demon. He delighted in the fact that their skin is touching and continued staring into Lilly's eyes. Teardrops began falling from Lilly's eyes and her breath was short gasps. This demon seemed pleased that he had this effect on her.

"P-please, don't hurt m-me." Tears came spilling down her cheeks as she realized this demon knew her weaknesses. 

He caught one tear with his finger and tasted it, "Mmm... I love the taste of fear. It makes you look beautiful in the moonlight. You don't know how long I've waited for you Lilith and soon we will meet in reality."

Even though she was so afraid of him, something was forming inside of her; she wanted to reach out with her hand and run it thru his beautiful hair, she wanted to kiss those seductive lips...oh no what's going on? This can't be happening now! She's falling for this filthy demon that's threatening her!

Suddenly the demon gave her a chuckle and kissed her on her forehead, "Don't be afraid of showing your feelings Lilith, you belong to me anyway so you might as well do it now."

After laughing in a demonic voice he ripped the corset on her body letting her breasts burst out of the ripped cloth.

"AHHHHH!!" 

She woke up screaming, clutching her body and full of sweat. "It was just a nightmare," She said to herself as she tried to get her heart to calm down. She looked at the time and it was only 3'o clock in the morning. "At least I can still get some sleep."

From her bedroom widow she was being watched by the same mysterious stranger with ice-blue eyes.

***

"Your body looks so beautiful when you are scared Lilith. I can't wait to hear my name on those luscious, full lips." 

I love fear; I feed on it, that's why I decided to visit her dreams. Don't get me wrong, I would never kill her, I'm just like any other man that sees her as the most beautiful woman alive, except I'm a demon. Christianity labeled us as ruthless monsters that wants to turn the world in to a new hell and that we don't care about humans, that's only half true. Some of the demons are monsters, but since I'm one of the most powerful ones, I'm more "civilized". I still don't care about them, but for Lilith I would do anything and if anyone tried to keep her away from me, I would rip them to pieces. When I first laid eyes on her, I wanted to possess every part of her body, mind and soul. I wanted to know everything about her, her fears, her secrets, her dreams; I followed her around her whole life, even sneaking into her own house to see her sound asleep in her bed. I know I could have taken her back then, but I wanted her to have a chance to grow up and experience a little about life, before I would claim her as my own. If only she knew how much her life was about to change.