 Another Nightmare & Unexpected Company

"Lilith, I know every part of your body and your every thought. Even you realize that you belong to me." 

I guess that I was in the exact medieval looking room that I was in my previous dream. Why do I keep on having these horrible dreams? The more I dream, the more I'm giving in to this demon and that's the last thing I want to happen. I was tied on that very large bed with my arms and legs tied to the posts with some old rusted looking chains; I could barely move my arms and the more I tried, the tighter they became. I've got the same underwear on that I had when I had this nightmare and even my corset is ripped the same. It is like the dream is just continuing from were I woke up. The demon was standing next to me with his eyes penetrating every inch of my body and I whimpered to him, "Please...who are you? W-what do you want from m-me?" 

I started shivering out of fear for this evil creature. The demon lowered himself onto the bed, took one of his razor sharp nails and gently tore thru a few layers of skin on my breast, enough to draw blood. "Ahhhhhhh!" I screamed and tears started falling again. I was so scared I couldn't even say a word. He lowered his face to my broken skin and started to slowly lick and suck the blood, while keeping his eyes locked onto mine. 

In his deep voice he spoke to me again, "Who do you belong to?" 

I had no more fight left. This demon was going to torture me and humiliate me every night until I give in to his will. Part of my body wanted to give into him and his power, but the other part wanted to kick, scream and run away. Tears were streaming down my face again. 

"I-I belong to you."

The demon laughed victorious and pulled me possessively up against his body, causing the chains to pull my limbs, "Don't ever try to run away from me, everything about you is mine, don't ever try to keep your beautiful body and mind away from me!"

I woke with the same fearful scream and my whole body was covered in sweat. Strangely when I looked at my body, my t-shirt was gone and I was sleeping in my underwear only. I jumped up quickly and grabbed clothing to cover my body.

"Another nightmare again? Why do I keep having these dreams?" It was only midnight and I was afraid to go to sleep again. I didn't understand what was happening to me. Every time I dream it is about this demon trying to possess every part of me and the dreams were getting worse. This time he was drinking my blood. 'Why??' I wanted to clear my head, so I decided to go to a place where everything is peaceful. 'What the hell does that demon want from me?' 

I couldn't take it anymore. Every time I closed my eyes this nightmare began. That's all I've been dreaming about the last few weeks. I had no one to talk to, to ask for advice and I didn't want to go to a psychologist; people would find out and think I'm crazy. I decided to search on the web for a meaning, but the only information I got was that I'm afraid and have unsettled business in my life. They say demons aren't real and that demons are just a metaphor in dreams. Other websites claimed that it could be an incubus trying to take advantage of my body, but I have no physical bruises. There is a lot of shit on the internet these days, I don't know if I can believe anything I find.

This situation made me think back to the letter my father left me. Maybe he was waring me about something or... someone. In that letter it sounded like they sold their soul to the devil or something... that would be one crazy story! Whatever this demon wants from me...I have to get rid of him. 

After reading thru a woman's story on this website I realized her story reminded me of something that happened when I was little. I remember when I was still a child I heard my mom and dad argue one night. One of my mom's friends had the strangest dreams that demons were taking her to hell and my mom got really paranoid. She started saying that demons were everywhere and my dad thought she was going insane. He tried to convince her otherwise. I remember my father say something about demons and that they would never harm them because they helped us, but I don't know what he meant by that. She started buying religious books and praying every time she thought she saw a demon. Just before my father passed away he tried to get her to go to counseling, but she refused and said that she wasn't insane and that the demons are coming back.

Maybe my mom wasn't paranoid, maybe she was right. I never believed in demons and only a little in ghosts, but after these dreams I'm afraid that every little story or myth is true.

***

Silently looking from the bushes, that mysterious stranger with ice blue eyes smiled, "I want to ravish you my Lilith, claim you whole body and soul for myself. It's time to come home." 

That dream was almost too much for me, I have to end this game now and bring her back with me. Even though I enjoyed playing with her, feeding on her fear, I have to finally take her. I can't believe she thinks I'm an incubus. Those are weak demons that get their energy and power from humans. Without humans, they are powerless. I don't need to feed on humans, but I do enjoy fear, it's a nice little appetizer, especially when it comes from my angel. After thousands of years I finally found my mate and soon we shall perform the ritual and then she will be mine forever.

When I smelled her blood in her dreams... when I tasted it... I almost flew threw her window and took her right there, but I had to control myself. I have to admit my angel is very sharp and quick. When she thought she saw something in the corner of her room the other night, she actually saw me and I had to move quickly to get out of her sight. Now she's heading towards the cemetery, wanting to clear her head a little. The cemetery isn't exactly the safest place for a beautiful woman like her to go, but she doesn't care. Now is the perfect time to bring her home

***

The cemetery was a beautiful scene at midnight. There were many graves, a lot old and crumpled with a thick fog hanging over the grass. It was so quiet you could hear the owls and crickets in the forest. Walking to my family's graves, Lilly felt calm, but didn't really think about how safe it would be for a girl to walk alone in the middle of the night.

"Mom, dad? Can you please help me? I'm having these nightmares about a demon and I'm really scared. Why won't they go away? What does he want from me? There is this guy that I can't get out of my head, I'm so confused. I really wish you were here with me."

While Lilly was talking to my family, she heard footsteps behind her and started to panic. She could hear dry leaves and sticks cracking as the footsteps came closer. Like a small child she closed her eyes and hoped the person behind the footsteps wouldn't see her.

"It's not safe for a beautiful angel like you to be alone in a graveyard in the middle of the night."

Lilly knew that voice and that musky sulfur smell...it was Ethan. 'How did he know where I was? Did he follow me here or what??' 

Shocked she turn around and took a step back, "Ethan...hi, what are you doing here?" 

He smiled at her while playing with a beautiful red rose in his hand, "What do people normally do in graveyards my Angel?"

She felt so stupid. Maybe he had family here too. Lilly started apologizing to him, but he just laughed and presented the rose to her.

"This is for you my Angel, I hope you like it." 

Lilly knew what that meant and she didn't want to be in a relationship. Ethan is the one guy that almost cost Lilly her sanity and for that she couldn't be with him. "Thank you, it's beautiful, but I don't want you to get the wrong idea Ethan. You are a nice guy, but I don't think I'm ready for a relationship right now. We can still be friends."

Ethan smiled at her, a crooked grin spread across his face, "Why would I want to be just friends with you my angel? I want you just as much as you want me. I can see it!"

Lilly was shocked that he could see the truth even thou she tried to deny it. She could feel my anger rising, "Excuse me? What did you just say?"

"I said I can see you want me. Your mind may be saying no, but your body knows who it belongs to. Even if you deny it, your body will always respond to the pleasure and pain I will give you. Besides I'm here to protect you in this graveyard tonight."

"What makes you think I need protection? I can take care of myself!!" Lilly shouted, she didn't mean to be so angry, but Ethan was the only guy that could push her buttons so much. 

Ethan took a step closer to her, "You are alone in a graveyard with ghosts, vampires and demons. The things they could do to you will make you think twice about your answer." 

Lilly was getting mad and sarcasm got the better of her. She started screaming at Ethan, "Well maybe I don't want to be kept safe! Maybe I want to be captured by a so called demon or vampire! Just stay the fuck away from me!!" Before she could turn around Ethan grabbed her body and pulled her against him, crushing her against his powerful chest. 

Staring into his eyes Lilly noticed that they flashed black and she could see he was angry. "Now my Angel, calm down. Do you realize what you just said? If a demon or vampire gets a hold of your pretty body, he would bind you to him and then he will torture you until you scream his name in pleasure. If that happens to you my Angel, you will lose your wings, become a fallen angel and there is no going back." 

Lilly looked at Ethan's face in horror, trying to hide the emotions she was feeling.

Ethan gave her a sadistic smile, "That's the legend my Angel. It's your choice to believe it or not." 

Lilly couldn't control her emotions anymore. All her defenses came down and she started crying in Ethan's arms, "Ethan please...I'm so scared to go home! I don't want to sleep there." Somewhere in the back of her head her mind was screaming at her 'Lilly what the fuck are you doing?? Get away from him, he is trouble!!!' Lilly knew that would be the right decision, but she couldn't stay away from him. Every second of each day she was thinking about him and even though her mind hated him, my body wanted him. Her head was spinning and she felt myself drifting into unconsciousness. Lilly just closed my eyes and gave up fighting her feelings.

***

I knew from years of observation that humans can make the stupidest decisions when they are scared. They act without thinking. How safe would it be for a beautiful woman to go to a graveyard in the middle of the night? Clearly Lilith wasn't thinking about that and that's when I saw the perfect opportunity. I stood in the bushes, listening to her conversation with her family's graves. She was near her breaking point. Those dreams about me was driving her insane and I loved it. I wanted her to be confused, that's when she would be at her weakest. 

After revealing myself to her I could see confusion and anger in her eyes. That's when I thought to myself 'Ah that anger, that fire burning in her eyes...She would make the perfect mate.' When she passed out I took her too my home on earth and thought it would be fun to replay her dreams. What she doesn't know is that I'm going to act out every one of her fantasies; the first one is having sex with a demon. It's actually very funny; know one ever knew what goes on in her head, no one knew her twisted fantasies...now I'm going to make her live it. It's actually a bonus for me, since she will be spending an eternity with a demon. Fuck she looked so sexy in that lingerie, I had to control myself, because tonight was going to be a night to remember. Finally this beautiful little human would become MINE!