 All characters are 18 and older.

*****

Mom claims that she was abducted by aliens, and tattooed for identification, to be used for their breeding program... 

It's 2:00 a.m. and mom is walking (stumbling) home alone from the bar, just a few blocks away. She turns down a small dark alleyway, to take a pee behind a dumpster, and as she drops her panties down around her ankles and squats to pee, a bright pink light starts to flash above her. 

She looks up, as her pee begins to flow, like a river after a spring thaw, and sees a ring of pink lights flashing over her head. In the middle of the ring is a glowing blue bubble... suddenly, the blue bubble starts to pulse, faster and faster, getting brighter and brighter with each pulse, until a tube of blue lightning surrounds her, and she begins rising upward, her panties falling to the ground, and the last of her pee trickles down her legs.

She feels an electric buzz shooting through her body as she passes through the bubble, only to find herself suspended weightlessly above a round white platform. 

Before her, stands a tall grey being, its head shaped like a pear turned upside down, with large black catlike eyes, with bright red slits for pupils, two small slits for a nose, and a 2 inch slit for a mouth.

The creature has no arms, and its body tapers down from its short thick neck to its hips, and its 2 long legs. Mom opens her mouth and screams out loud, but there is no sound as her arms and legs swing wildly in her weightless state.

The creature steps forward, moving closer, and then blinks its eyes, and mom's skirt is dragged down her legs, as if it were torn from her body by unseen hands, leaving her naked and exposed from the waste down. Another blink, and mom's body is twisted horizontal, face up, and her arms and legs are stretched out wide as if being pulled by invisible ropes. 

A small silver tube comes down from the ceiling, and is positioned above mom's belly, just inside her right hip. A green laser starts flashing, and tattoos a symbol on her skin. The alien blinks once more, and the silver tube retracts into the ceiling, as mom's body slowly rises to face level with the being. 

The creature steps forward until its face is just inches from mom's pussy, still dripping from her pee. Its mouth begins to open, and 2 purple tongues emerge, like snake tails, about 3 inches long, and 1 inch thick at the base. They begin probing between mom's wide stretched legs, lapping and probing at her tight little holes, one probing deep inside her tight pink pussy, and the other licking and fucking mom's tiny pink pucker. 

Mom squealed and moaned silently as they slip between the soft mounds of her warm pussy, and begin exploring the smooth hot flesh within, lashing at mom's soft pink pussy lips, spreading them open, and probing in and out of her tight velvet tunnel. Her pussy begins to quiver as the twin terrors caress and lap at the juices seeping from the walls of her seething hot hole. 

Slowly they retract from the hot depths of mom's spasming cunt, and work their way up to the swollen pink nub of mom's sensitive little clit. Lying parallel to each other, with mom's stiff little nub trapped between them, the twin tongues start stroking back and forth, from the thin tips, to the thick bases, squeezing and rubbing mom's sensitive throbbing clit between them, pushing her towards a huge orgasm. 

The purple serpents start twisting and writhing over mom's tortured pink button pushing her over the edge, as her orgasm ripped through her trembling body. As mom's hot creamy juices start flowing out of her quivering pink hole, and running down to pool in her spasming rosebud, the twin tongues begin thrusting deep inside her horny holes, stabbing deep into her quivering cunt, and her spasming asshole simultaneously, pushing in deep until her tight little holes were stretched around the 1 inch thick bases. 

Mom was screaming in silence as her orgasm continued, her entire body trembling, spurred on by the lightning fast serpents thrusting in and out of her gripping holes. As her orgasm peaked, the alien retracted its twin terrors from mom's sopping wet holes. Mom's body went limp as her orgasm subsided, with only her breasts heaving as she breathed heavily, trying to catch her breath. 

The beings tongues began to extend further, joined at the base by a 2 inch wide shaft that was one inch thick, and about 6 inches longer, resembling the tongue of a ginormous snake. 

The snakelike appendages twirled together into a tapered spiral atop the wide oval shaft, making the creature's tongue about 8 inches long. 

The tip of the spiraled tongue started lashing and probing at mom's drooling wet cunt, still clenched tightly from her epic orgasm. The pointy tip pressed firmly against the tight opening to mom's fiery pink pit, and began thrusting, forcing its way inside, and stretching mom's pussy open once more. Her puffy pink lips stretch wider and wider as the intruder penetrates deeper inside, forcing open her tight velvet tunnel to accommodate the purple tongue's thick wide shaft that followed. 

Mom's hips begin to thrust slowly as the slimy tongue inches its way deeper into her tightly gripping cunt, filling her aching hole. As the tip bottoms out and reaches the entrance to mom's hungry cervix, the twin serpents unwind, and begin probing and exploring the depths of mom's sex, prodding open the entrance to her cervix and entering her fertile womb. 

Mom's hips buck wildly against the hot slimy tongue writhing and probing deep within her starving womb, mapping out her reproductive system, and sensing that she is ripe for breeding. 

As the long hot tongue slowly retracts, withdrawing from mom's hot horny pussy, and leaving an empty void, her instinct to breed takes over, wanting to feel her belly swelling with a baby growing inside her fertile womb. 

The alien blinks slowly once again, and mom's body slowly lowers until it is waste high with the alien. 

6 thin tentacles emerge from a hole between the creature's legs, each about 6 inches long and a half inch thick, each with a row of small suckers.

The tentacles stretch out like a starfish with a small hole in the middle, as the being presses it firmly against mom's wet wide spread snatch. 

The tentacles begin to explore mom's holes, dipping in and out of her tiny little asshole, and over her overheating pussy, spreading her open as the suckers grip her pink puffy lips and drag slowly over her hard swollen clit, tugging and sucking at her sensitive pink button, and probing her hungry hole. 

Mom's hips begin to gyrate as the tentacles tend to her aching pussy, giving her small spasming orgasm, one after another, until her river flows once more. 

The tentacles fold together, forming a point, like the head of a spear, and begin thrusting into mom's creamy wet fire pit. 

Mom moans and cries out in silence, while the slick wet spearhead stretches her tight pink pussy lips wider than ever before, as it reaches its 3 inch girth.

The creature beings thrusting in and out as mom's pussy stretches tightly around the probing tentacles. As the being continues its mission, mom's hips begin to thrust quickly, as if driven by some unseen force, matching the thrusts of the alien. The creature blinks once again, and mom's legs are thrust high in the air, and slowly fold back until her knees are touching her hard red nipples, allowing the being maximum penetration. 

As if by magic, mom's horny cock pocket is pulled wide open by the hands of an unseen ghost, as the alien thrust deeper inside. Slowly, the creature's sex probe begin to extend further, exposing a long pulsing shaft, as thick as mom's wrists. 

The spearhead disappears into mom's tightly gripping pussy, as her pink lips stretch around the thick pulsing pole filling her hot wet tunnel. The tentacles unfold as they reach her depths, caressing and stimulating the walls of mom's starving cunt with their small suckers, causing her to orgasm and fuck her hips violently as her juices flow freely. 

The tentacles find the opening to mom's aching cervix, and one by one they force their way inside spreading her open around the thick shaft. Once inside, the tentacles spread out like a starfish once more, preventing it from pulling out, sealing the entrance to mom's fertile womb, and revealing the small hole in the middle.

The creature starts thrusting hard and deep, as mom's hips fuck relentlessly, driving her tight hot pussy up and down the pulsating alien meat within her, driven by sheer lust, and her powerful need to breed. 

With one deep thrust, the alien sex probe begins to throb and swell inside her tight spasming cunt. A huge orgasm wracks her shaking body, bigger than any she has ever felt before, as hot thick jets of sticky fluorescent yellow alien cum shoot from the small hole, coating the walls of mom's fertile womb, and filling her with potent alien sperm to fertilize her egg. 

One month later, mom's belly is starting to swell, and she is convinced that she is pregnant with an alien baby. 

I'm not going to tell her that she got the tattoo at a tattoo party, while she was drunk at the bar, and I tied her to my bed when she came home, and fucked her while I was watching alien movies with my L.E.D. Lights flashing... 

That's the price she pays for coming home drunk...