 The Morning After

Her body was pressed against his absorbing his warmth, delighting in the texture of his skin against hers, and she reveled in his scent each time she took a breath. Drifting closer to consciousness, she noted that she had snuggled against him entwining him in her arms and legs almost possessively. It was as though in her sleep, the strange longing in her subconscious that she had felt and fought the day before had been unleashed. 

Suddenly everything from the night before flooded thru her memory in a few seconds.

What the fuck happened? Ethan took my virginity and he is a demon! I lost my virginity to a demon! What am I going to do? I'm bind to him know, he will never let me go. Please God help me, I don't want to belong to this demon.

"Good evening my Angel. Looks like your body was exhausted. You slept for a whole day." 

Ethan slowly caressed her body and kissed her neck. She was scared of him. He was a powerful demon that wanted every inch of her; with or without her permission. She had to get away before he killed her. 

Lilly started to shiver under his touch and kisses, "E-Ethan...please let me go, don't k-kill m-me. I won't tell anyone what happened or what you are." 

"Mmm I can smell the fear in your blood, you are so afraid of me." 

Oh my god he can smell my blood, he IS going to kill me. How can I ever trust a demon that forced me to have sex with him? Maybe killing me isn't such a bad idea.

Ethan looked at her with a sadistic smile and trailed his finger along her neck, "Maybe I should just kill you, drink every last drop of blood from your sexy body and before you are dead I will fuck you again until I'm the only thing on your mind before you die." Ethan cut her neck with his claw and blood was seeping out from the incision. 

"No!" Lilly cried and tried to fight him, but it was no use. 

Ethan slowly licked and sucked the blood from her wound, "Would you like that my Angel? Would you like me to suck all your blood and fuck you?" 

Something strange was happening to Lilly. She started to feel warm and her sex started to ache. It was as if her mind was trying to convince her that whatever the feelings were that she felt, it was real and that she and Ethan were meant to be together.

'Oh fuck why is this turning me on? He is a fucking DEMON Lilly and he is drinking your blood. Since when does a demon drink blood? How could I want to have him inside me?'

Ethan gave a demonic chuckle, "I can read your mind my Angel, and I know exactly how much you want this." 

With one hard thrust he shoved his member inside of her and started fucking her like an animal, while sucking her blood. That same feeling came over her and she couldn't help but enjoy every moment of this. "Oh Ethan! Fuck me harder!" 

"That's it my Angel, feel what my cock is doing to your body! You will never feel another man inside of you! You belong to me! You are MINE!!!" 

With a couple of thrusts Ethan made her come and he came inside her. She had never felt pleasure like that before and it was all because of Ethan, a demon. Her emotions were probably fucked up, in the back of her mind she was again debating whether to be with him or not. 

'Is this possible? Can I really be in love with a demon? Ethan is confusing me so much! How could I love a demon? How could a demon love me? Demons make human's lives miserable, not love them. Since when does a demon drink blood? I'm so confused, but the feelings he make me feel, I've never felt them before.'

"My Angel you do love me, and I love you. That's why you belong to me. I've been waiting for you for almost 19 years, waiting to make you mine. I will never harm you my Angel I just want you to understand that you are mine and no other man will touch you or come near you. Since you were born I wanted you, every part of you. I wanted to know everything about you, from your dreams to your greatest fears. I had so many opportunities to claim you, but I waited until now."

That's when she realized it; she couldn't go a day without thinking about him, wishing he was with her and she finally admitted to herself. She always believed in true love, but never expected hers to be a demon, that is something she would have to get use to soon. She crawled into his arms and looked into his blood-red eyes. "I can't say that I love you, it feels so wrong. How is this even legal?." 

He looked into her eyes and smiled, "I love you Lilith, my Angel. You wil learn to accept your feelings soon."

I love Ethan, he is the only man I want to be with and no I know that I was saving myself for him. There is just one thing that will never go away - the fear. I'm still so scared of him. He can do anything to me that he wants and that made me shiver. I don't want to be so glad about this bond we shared, this could co terribly wrong." 

"I see my Angel is still scared of me." 

Out of fear for what he would do to her, she quickly started to apologize, but he stopped her and placed his finger on her lips. Her heart was pounding in her chest. 

He gave her a wicked grin, "That's good my Angel, don't you remember? I like fear, especially on you." 

"I'm sorry Ethan I..." 

He laughed and locked his eyes onto hers, "No need to apologize my Angel. You need to be afraid of me." 

In her mind she knew she had to be afraid of him. Never in this world was a human meant to be with an immortal creature, there would be consequences and one of them would be fear.

Ethan read her thoughts and laughed again, "Yes that's true my Angel, but there is another reason." 

Puzzled she look at him trying to figure out what he meant. 

"Do you remember your first dream? When you asked me who I was? What did I say?" 

Trying hard to recall the very first dream, she blushed and finally remembered, "You said you were my master?" 

Next thing she know Ethan was on top of her, pinning her hands above her head and staring into her eyes. 

Her fear became worse and Ethan smiled at her, "That's right my Angel. If I'm your master that means you are my slave. Remember I'm a possessive demon; I will make you suffer a thousand times more. Now my Angel, what happens when a slave disobeys her master?" 

She's never seen Ethan dominate her like this before and she started to whimper. "She gets p-punished." She was crying now out of fear for Ethan and he seemed to enjoy it a lot. Secretly this was one of her fantasies and Ethan was taking it to a whole new level.

"Please Ethan you are scaring me I didn't do anything wrong please!"

"What a little lair you are my Angel. In your dream you kicked me and in the cemetery you told me to stay away from you. That was very disobedient and you need to be punished my Angel." 

Ethan trailed his finger down her body and smiled. "Maybe I'll tease your whole body until you go insane or I could make your whole body bleed, so many options." 

She struggled to free herself from his grip, but it didn't help. He only laughed as he caressed her plump breasts, making her little buds painfully hard in the cold air. 

"Ethan I'm s-sorry! I didn't mean it! Please don't do this to m-me!" 

He kissed her neck and twisted her right nipple, "You have to learn your lesson my Angel." 

In a flash she was in a torture chamber, bent over a table and with Ethan standing next to her. The whole chamber looked like a scene from a medieval horror movie. The strong smell of moss was overwhelming her senses and the fact that she was naked didn't help to stop the coldness of the table. Out of the corners of her eyes she could see different types of whips, chains, clamps and other stuff she was too scared to examine; afraid Ethan would spot her looking at it and then use it on her. 

She knew by now that she could never reason with a demon, especially one like Ethan. She tried to figure out what was going to happen if she decided to date Ethan...

'Date? What am I thinking? Is "date" even the right word to describe a human-demon relationship?? Will our relationship be normal? Will I be able to call him my boyfriend? If that ever happens I'm guessing he will be one of the jealous types. Ha ha that's an understatement!!'

For a moment I was lost in my thoughts and my own personal joke when I felt Ethan's hands on my lower back, sliding down my ass. My skin burned everywhere he touched, making me gasp every time his fingers slipped down over my lips -- which were by now soaking wet. 

Suddenly she felt Ethan plunge his finger into her wetness, drawing the sweetest moan from her mouth. He swirled it around for a moment and removed it, watching her almost plead him to please her more. He sucked off all her juices on his finger, savoring every drop. Lilly could hear a deep animalistic growl coming from Ethan -- that same possessive growl she heard earlier.

Lilly saw Ethan walk until he was in front of her and grabbed a handful of her luscious raven locks and pulled her head backwards until she could see him fully. Lilly could feel this position was very painful for her, but tried not to show Ethan.

Ethan stared deep in to her eyes, "If you want to know something, just ask me my Angel, I won't bite...hard. That sweet nectar of yours is mine and only mine -- that should give you a clue of how jealous I am. You are my mate, but if you prefer to call me your boyfriend, that's fine. You are the only human alive that knows what I am and you know what I am capable of-so if you ever try to disobey me or escape, you will regret it. From this day forward I'm the only one allowed to touch you and love you."

Ethan could see fear in her eyes and even though he was a demon, he still had a soft spot for this little angel.

With a little more sympathy in his eyes, he spoke to her again, "I know you are being forced against your will and I can see how much it hurts you. Look at me Angel... I'm a demonic creature from Hell, the ultimate evil... and look at you... the perfect angel. No harm will come to you unless it is by my hand. I won't put you in danger my Angel. I love you too much to kill you."

She was crying, tears fell on the floor, "I l-love you t-too Ethan, but please don't." 

She knew that soft side of Ethan that she saw a few seconds ago was gone again. He cared for her, hurting her and scaring her was part of his demonic nature that couldn't disappear. She will just have to learn how to be in a relationship with a demon. Too bad there isn't a "dating a demon for dummies" book.

Ethan bent down to kiss her ass and gave a demonic laugh, "Your MINE Lilith!"

I had to admit, for a demon, Ethan was the sexiest one I could ever picture. The true dominance in his eyes was enough to scare me, but when I looked further I could see another emotion, love, staring back into my eyes. I never thought that demons could love, but I guess I was wrong. I remembered the note that my father left me, maybe he was warning me about Ethan? But then again, Ethan would have mentioned my family to me by now. Maybe this wasn't what my parents were warning me about, but what could it be then?

If I get past the stereotypes of demons and what they are capable of, maybe I could give me and Ethan a chance. He is the hottest demon I've ever seen, even the hottest guy that I've ever seen. I guess i was drawn to dark things for a reason. Maybe there could be a chance for me and Ethan, if I ever survive in this torture chamber.