 Hi guys, just a quick note. This chapter is a little longer, because it is the first chapter where Ethan and Lilly really communicate with each other and spend some 'normal' time together. Hope you like it and please give feedback!

xxx ravenwings

Amber's House

Lilly got up very early to get ready and go to Amber's house. The weather was perfect, almost as if the day knew that they were going to her friend's house. When she woke up Ethan was already gone and only came back after she finished cleaning up. Lilly heard some footsteps coming up the stairs and knew it was him.

"Ethan! I thought you disappeared and left me." She said with a playful grin.

Ethan laughed, "Do you really think I would leave you my Angel? I just had to go get a car; we can't teleport to her house, that would be strange."

Astonished she looked at Ethan, "You bought a car? We could have taken mine."

"No, I've always wanted one and now was the perfect time. Besides, if I want to speed with it, you can't tell me no."

She just laughed at his playfulness. Now it seemed like Ethan was just a normal boyfriend. No immortal abilities, no demon, just normal Ethan.

"We both know what I really am my Angel, do you want me to remind you again?"

There was a hint of evil in his voice and his smile made her knees weak, "No... I mean we can't, we are going to be late."

Ethan just smiled back and walked towards the door. It was going to be really nice to see her friend again. 

The drive to Amber's house was a few hours, but with that Lilly had plenty of time to enjoy the ride and Ethan's company. They talked about all kinds of things and joked around allot; it was like the perfect road trip. Every few minutes Lilly could feel the Italian sports car speed up and watched Ethan as he mindlessly swayed thru the traffic. It seemed like he could do almost anything perfectly. Ethan knew she wasn't a big fan of speed; he would drop a gear and accelerate until the cars going by looked like colorful blurs. She couldn't tell if her heart was beating from the fear of crashing of the adrenaline, but it felt great to just give up and life in the moment. Lilly gripped tightly to the leather seat covers when Ethan accelerated around the corners and used handbrake to make the car glide corners. Only smoke and black tire marks were left around every corner.

Ethan kept his eyes on Lilly every time he noticed she gripped the seats, "Do you like it my Angel?"

Lilly's grip grew tighter as Ethan accelerated again, her knuckles turning white, "Um, aren't you afraid to make an accident? What about the authorities?"

Ethan laughed, his relaxed attitude scaring her, "Do you really think I would let us crash? As for the authorities, let's just say they won't bother us" he winked at her.

Lilly sighed, 'Oh I forgot he is an immortal demon, with Adonis looks, unspeakable strength and powers and with an ego to match, is there anything he can't do??" Lilly sarcastically thought as she watched Ethan swaying thru the traffic.

"Thank you for the complement! I'm glad you recognize all my good qualities." Ethan chuckled.

"If you weren't so strong I would punch you now!" Lilly stated.

Ethan grinned and extended his hand to rest in on her leg. Lilly wanted to protest, but just watched what he was about to do. Ethan caressed Lilly legs just below her skirt line, gently touching her thighs and dancing his fingers on her bare skin. Lilly's head fell back, letting a soft little moan escape her mouth. Ethan smelled it, the aroma that was his aphrodisiac...her arousal. 

A challenge represented himself to Ethan, and he smiled to himself, knowing what he was about to embark on. With his one hand still on the steering wheel and swaying thru the traffic, Ethan let his other hand slowly descend between Lilly's thighs, creating Goosebumps on her legs. Closer and closer he went, with each movement he could feel the warmness spreading from her core. Ethan listened to Lilly's breathing, it turned from long sensual moans to short gasps. Her heart was pumping blood faster and faster to her warmness and her eyes were closed. Ethan watched as Lilly's mouth gasped open when he reached her top of her thigh, next to her warm and wanting womanhood.

"So, what are you waiting for?" Ethan whispered at her while he continued to accelerate the car.

Clouded with lust Lilly opened her eyes and stared at Ethan, "What do you mean?" Lilly Squealed. 

"You are quick to think I'm an ego demon, but look at you," Ethan snarled, "You just crave my touch." Ethan stated.

Lilly couldn't respond as she felt Ethan's hand slip over her damp underwear. Using his middle finger, he guided it along her slit, satisfied at the excessive dampness flowing from her core. Lilly panted and unknowingly spread her legs even wider to give Ethan more access. Ethan used that to his advantage and slipped his two fingers underneath her underwear. What he found was her sweet and soft lips, swollen and damp from arousal. Ethan found her little bud and pinched it, causing Lilly to twitch violently on his seat covers. More dampness flowed as Ethan glided his fingers along her slit to circle her opening. Slowly he inserted both his fingers into her, feeling how her inner muscles gripped him so beautifully. 

"Oh Ethan! Don't stop!" Lilly whimpered.

Ethan smiled at Lilly's begging and slowly removed his finger. Her wetness made his finger so slick and Lilly could feel every knuckle enter her. Ethan rammed his fingers back in with force, causing Lilly to moan even louder this time. Ethan repeated this motion for another few times and then suddenly just removed his hand completely.

Lilly's eyes flew open in disbelief, she watched as Ethan flashed his fangs at her and then place those two fingers his mouth, sucking of her delicious juices. Lilly heard that familiar growl and noticed Ethan's eyes changed color again. She was ready to beg him to continue.

"Ethan, why did you stop?" Lilly whimpered.

"That's your punishment my Angel, for thinking I'm nothing more than those human males with fists larger than brains." Ethan snarled.

Lilly snapped her legs back together and adjusted her position in the passenger seat. She folded her arms across her chest and glared at Ethan. She couldn't believe that out of all the times she wanted him to stop, he chose this time when she wanted release more than ever. She wanted to reach across the seat and rip open his jeans, take him fully in her mouth while he drives this car even faster. 

Ethan noticed her sudden disappointment and chuckled, "Wow, you becoming more and more aggressive my Angel. I like your idea by the way." Ethan winked at her.

Lilly felt her face flush deep red with embarrassment; she forgot that Ethan read her thoughts, "Stay out of my head!" Lilly snapped.

"Look who's turning into a demon now when they don't get the pleasure they want so badly." Ethan snarled.

Lilly glared at Ethan as he flashed his fangs at her again, reminding her what he really was. Lilly watched as his perfect smile teased her and finally she smiled back.

"You will get every pleasure soon my Angel, lets just finish this visit at your friend's house." Ethan winked at her.

Lilly was about ot say something when she felt her phone vibrate against the seat.

#Beep Beep#

"Oh my phone just got a message. Hang on a sec Ethan."

Lilly noticed Ethan's whole presence changed, put didn't think anything further.

#Hi Lilly! Can you do me a favor? Can you please bring your Ouija board with, I misplaced mine and I really wanted to play tonight. Oh and by the way, Dean just showed up. Somehow he heard that you were coming over and I can't get rid of him. See you soon xxx#

'Oh no why does Dean have to be there? I really hate him and he makes me uncomfortable. Doesn't he get the hint that I'm not interested? I hope I'm never alone with that guy, who knows what he would do to me...'

"Who the fuck is Dean", Ethan shouted in his demonic voice at her, "and why are you so afraid of him?!" She could hear Ethan growling and when she looked at him, his eyes were pitch black.

Lilly knew he was mad, she couldn't hide this from him, he would find out anyway. Nervously she looked up at him, "He is this guy that doesn't want to leave me alone. He always finds excuses to visit Amber when I'm there."

Ethan grew silent for a while and focused on the road again. After a while he spoke again, luckily his voice was calmer, "Just stay away from him and make sure you are by my side."

Lilly just nodded at him. The rest of the ride was quiet, she could see Ethan's eyes were on the road, but his mind was concentrating on something else. She just hope he doesn't blame her for the whole Dean thing. She did my best to stay away from him, but luckily Ethan is coming along this time. 

After a half an hour of silence they finally pulled up at Amber's house. Now the car finally stopped and as they got out of the car, Ethan stayed by her side the whole time, not taking his eyes off of her.

When Amber opened the door Lilly couldn't believe hou much she's changed, but at least her personality is pretty much the same.

"Lilly oh my god, look at you! You look great! I'm so glad you came."

Lilly greeted Amber with a friendly, loving hug and walked thru the door and soon after that Ethan was greeting her.

"Oh, well who do we have here Lilly?"

Ethan looked into Amber's eyes and greeted her, "Hi Amber, my name is Ethan. I'm kind of her boyfriend."

Lilly blushed when he said that he was her boyfriend. The word 'boyfriend' doesn't suit their type of relationship. He's more than that, he's her mate and she's bound to him.

"Nice to meet you Ethan. Don't break Lilly's heart, or else you'll have to deal with me."

Everyone laughed except Ethan, he didn't think that was a joke. He glared into Amber's eyes, that made her froze on the spot and said to her, "Never."

Amber snapped out of her trance and escorted them towards the living room. As we walked thru the hall Lilly could feel Ethan tense up behind her. She tried to ask him what's the matter, but he just ignored her and pulled her to his body. When they walked into the living room Lilly knew why he tensed up; there was Dean, sitting in the corner and watching them. She wanted to sit on the opposite couch near Ethan, but Ethan was so protective of her that he pulled her onto his lap and held her there, showing Dean who she belonged to. Lilly didn't mind one bit and she could have sworn she felt a bulge in his pants when she moved a little bit on his lap.

"Lilly! Can you come and help me in the kitchen please?" Amber asked.

Lilly knew what that meant, she didn't want her help really, she just wanted to know all the details about Ethan.

"So, how long have you two been together? Amber asked as she was getting out glasses.

"Just a couple of weeks, we are taking things slow." Lilly answered.

"Agh boring!! Have you had sex yet or are you still a virgin?"

"No we haven't had sex yet, I told you we are taking this slow!" She knew she had to lie to Amber, how could she really tell her the truth? 

Amber rolled her eyes and looked out the window, "Oh shit I forgot you guys didn't bring the board. I think mine is in the shed, I'm going to go look for it. Will you please finish cutting the cheese?"

Lilly sighed, "Oh all right. Just be careful, it's dark and I don't want you to hurt yourself."

While Amber went outside Lilly started slicing the cheese into thin pieces. She know she lied to Amber about her and Ethan, but she knew that Lilly lost my virginity, she won't stop until she knows every detail. She is a really good friend, but she drives her crazy sometimes.

While Lilly was finishing up in the kitchen, she heard a noise behind her, "Ethan, if you are planning on scaring me, watch out, because I have a knife!" 

Lilly thought it was just Ethan trying one of his scare tricks on her again, so she went on with what she's doing. Out of nowhere Lilly felt a large hand violently tightening around her waist and pulled her closer to this stranger. The other hand smelled like salty flesh and was so big that it covered her mouth and her nose, restricting the air that went into her lungs. She gasped and tried to scream, but it was no use, there was almost no air in her lungs left. To make things worse she couldn't even scream for Ethan, he would never hear her muffled cries. There was a loud noise and Lilly felt warm wetness flowing between her hair, down her scalp. She realized that loud noise was her head crushed into the wall by this stranger. The warm wetness was blood flowing from a very deep cut on the side of her head. Lilly wasn't surprised that she didn't even feel any pain from the blow, she was barley conscious with the lack of oxygen she had. With her blurry vision she was able to make out what was happening. She noticed the short, slightly muscled physic, the reddish brown short hair, the scar on his left arm...oh god it was Dean! Lilly blinked a few time to make sure it was really him and it was, his eyes frightened her, they were red...just like Ethan's eyes.

Dean pushed her head harder into the wall, smearing blood streaks against the cream paint against the wall. Tears flowed from Lilly's eyes as Dean pressed her whole body against the wall as well, crushing her breast. Lilly's front of her body was against the wall, she couldn't defend herself against Dean. She felt Dean's hands roughly feel up her body and her stomach turned upside down.

"Mmm, do you know how long I've waited for this moment?" Dean whispered against her neck. 

Dean leaned against her, pressing his obvious bulge against her. He trailed his hand up to her skirt and lifted it up; exposing her ass. Lilly's heart stopped when she felt Dean's hands on her bare ass and fought against him to get free.. Tears were streaming down her face, over his hand on her mouth and he just laughed. He slapped her ass hard with his hand and barked into her ear.

"Such a sexy body, can't wait to fuck you until you beg me to stop, and even then I won't stop until there is no more life in you. My cum will drip from your abused pussy when I'm done with you."

In her mind Lilly literally screamed for Ethan, but feared it was going to be too late. Suddenly she heard someone behind Dean.

"What the fuck do you think you are doing to her?" Ethan hissed.

When Dean moved away from here to confront Ethan, Lilly collapsed on the floor. Lilly wanted to disappear from the fear and embarrassment. She was so humiliated by Dean and now Ethan saw the whole thing. She figured her best option was to crawl to the corner and hold on to her head, because the pain was unbearable. Ethan took one look at Lilly and then the ground started shaking. Right before her eyes Ethan grew in size. Lilly could see the veins under his skin and there wasn't blood in them. It was like some type of liquid fire, coursing thru his veins. It was amazing and suddenly, very fearful. Smoke came from his body and he gave Dean the most demonic growl that she's ever heard. She never imagined that Ethan was so powerful and in the back of her mind it turned her on, but at the same time she was more scared of him than ever before.

"How dare you touch my mate! Maybe I should kill you right now." Ethan snarled. Ethan stood with his back hunched forward, looking like a wild animal about to lunge at their prey.

When Dean recognized Ethan, he immediately apologized to him. Ethan didn't even care to listen and swung his clawed hand at Dean. Just before Ethan's hand ripped thru Dean, he vanished and left Lilly and Ethan alone in the kitchen. There was only a cloud of dark smoke left that smelled like sulfur, but Dean was completely gone. Ethan still had so much anger left in him, but kept it down and went to Lilly to asses her injury.

As Ethan was walking towards her, a million things was going thru her mind. 'Was he going to kill me? Will he forgive me? Was this my fault?' Lilly quickly scanned her body for any visible marks that Dean left on her and found her. Her head had a very deep gash, some of the blood stopped, but her whole side of her hair was a deep red color. Lilly felt burning on her ass and traced the spot with her fingers, Dean scratched her, leaving little beads of blood. Lilly looked back up at Ethan and feared the worst. She tried to cover herself in the corner and braced herself.

"No my Angel, I won't kill you. When I get angry I loose control sometimes, but it is all right now. Give me your hand, let me help you up." His demonic voice frightened her, but his blood red eyes seemed calmer.

Slowly she extended her hand, watching this beautiful and scary demon's movements. As soon as he touched her hand, he pulled her towards him, making her gasp as her body pressed against his giant form.

"Does your head hurt my Angel?" Ethan asked.

Lilly could feel the throbbing pain again, but tried to ignore it. "What happened? Dean was a demon too Ethan! He tried to rape me." She stared crying now; just so glad Ethan was holding her.

"Yes I knew he was one when we walked down to the living room, I could smell him. Demons have a certain scent. He was being very disrespectful, he acted sorry for trying to rape you, but he knew that you belonged to me. He had the strangest impulse I've ever seen. Mates are of limits, but he didn't want to stop. I really hope that is the last time he would try this, because I will kill him next time.

Ethan knew what Dean was up to; he wanted to get Lilly and that way, he would get to him, but he couldn't understand why. That was the only explanation for now. When Ethan saw the fear in Lilly's eyes, he almost lost complete control. He is the only one that was allowed to make his Angel fear, not that fucking filthy demon. He knew he hurt Lilly already, with her head and the claw marks on her ass, he wanted to rip him apart, but knew there would be blood and then he had allot of explaining to do to Amber.