 Hi guys, sorry the last chapter will be a bit slow. October is around the corner and since it's my favorite time of year, I'm working on a story for the Halloween contest. Happy reading and please leave feedback!

xxx ravenwings

A different type of Game

Ethan took Lilly to the bathroom to clean her up. Her beautiful face was wet from her tears and her eyes held allot of fear in them. Hell, given what this girl has been through; he was surprised she could even smile at him. Being forced to have sex with someone and stay with them against your own will is tough enough, but now she has to endure that and accept the fact that Ethan's not human. If every other creature tries to abuse her, she would lose her mind. Ethan had to make sure no one ever touched her again. Finally when she was cleaned up and smiling a little again, Ethan escorted her down the stairs like a true gentleman.

"Where have you guys been? I've found the Ouija board and when I got inside no one was here, not even Dean."

"Amber, Dean left and Lilly wasn't feeling too well. I just took her to the bathroom to cool her face down with some water."

Amber stared at them, she thought they were making up excuses for fooling around in the bathroom, but she let it go anyway.

"Come one guys, it's nearly 11 o' clock, we have to set everything up to create the right mood."

We both followed Amber to the living room and started moving the couches into the corner of the room. There was already a rug in the middle that would be the place where we were going to play. Ethan helped me close the curtains and every time I would reach up with my hands above my head, I would get a terrible pain in my head. I knew that was from the blow I received from Dean. Ethan got mad when he saw me grab my head to try and press the pain away. I just tried to ignore his possessive glare and carried on setting up the room. Amber grabbed a few candles and placed them on the floor around the board. It gave this whole setup a very spooky feeling, but that's the way she wanted it. 

I knew that some people considered these boards as a stupid game and others said it was the gateway to hell. Since I'm already dating a demon, I have nothing to worry about...I think. I knew all the basic rules of Ouija, the most important one are: never try to intimidate or joke about the presence you are communicating with, never ask them to show themselves and always treat every spirit with respect. The most important one was to always say goodbye to a sprit properly before removing your fingers from the planchette. 

Finally everything was finished and Amber disappeared into the kitchen. Ethan and I wondered what she was doing and then she came back with toilet paper, matches and a pen.

Confused and a little amused, I looked at her, "Amber, what the hell are you going to do with those?"

Amber smiled and explained to me, "Well, I'm going to use these items to talk to the sprits first. It a little trick I learned in high school with Naz, that exchange student from South Africa. Ouija boards weren't so popular there, so they used this way to communicate with spirits."

"I remember Naz now; she was the short one with the light blonde hair. Well how does this work?"

"First you take three matches, and write on each of them one of these words; 'yes', 'no' and 'maybe'. When you're done each match should have one of those three words on them. This will be used to communicate with them. Next you take the toilet paper and shred three blocks off individually. Now take one of the matches and place it in the middle of one of the toilet paper blocks. When you place the match in the toilet paper, make sure the two ends of the match are facing towards two corners of the toilet paper. Now take the other two ends of the toilet paper (where the match isn't pointed to) and place them together. Now if you hold the two ends together, the match should be lying in the middle. While you are holding the ends, grab the part of the toilet paper where the match is lying and gently roll up the match in the toilet paper. Just repeat this with the other two. When you are done the stuff should look like little rolled up toilet paper sticks."

Ethan chuckled at Amber when she almost shredded the paper in half.

"Now, place them on top of each other or any other way you would like and then make your mind clear. You can only ask questions were the answer could be 'yes', 'no' or 'maybe', so keep that in mind. You can ask the questions out loud or in your mind, just depends on how much you concentrate. Before you play you must first ask are you allowed to play. There are more rules, but I'm going to go thru them and tell you as we come across them."

Amber quickly got the matches and toilet paper right and soon they were lying in the middle of the floor, waiting for us.

Amber instructed us to sit in a circle and hold hands, just to prove that she was not cheating.

"Guys the first thing you must remember is that you will be talking to a spirit named 'Tambora'. You always start your questions with first saying that name three times and then asking your question also three times. Let me show you." 

Amber grabbed our hands and told us to look at the matches to make sure she wasn't cheating. She took a deep breath and then spoke.

"Tambora, Tambora, Tambora. Can I play this game? Can I play this game? Can I play this game?"

Amber sounded like a broken record that got stuck, but she actually looked serious about this. When she opened her eyes we waited for her to show us what to do next. 

"Now when you are done asking, you take the toilet paper and unroll it to see which match mysteriously showed up on the outside of the center of the toilet paper. Remember to keep both ends together when you unroll it. If you haven't got an answer, the match should still be in the centre like before you rolled it up in the beginning. If you have an answer, the match won't be in the centre; instead it will fall out when you unroll it – and that would be your answer."

Both me and Ethan picked up a piece and started unrolling. First I unrolled mine; the match was still in the centre and that meant that I didn't have the answer. I glanced over at Ethan while he was opening his, he didn't seem very interested, but took part anyway. When he unrolled his, you could clearly see the match outside of the centre and when we looked to see which match it was, we saw that it was the 'yes' match.

My eyes grew big and couldn't believe that this actually worked. Amber just gave me a smile and proceeded to give us more information on this game.

"Now you see that I'm allowed to play. Every player that want's to participate must first ask. Sometimes you will keep on getting 'no', just keep on asking. When you are done reading your answer just roll everything up like in the beginning and continue with questions. When you are done playing, remember to ask if you can end the game, it's just as important like asking can you begin. Lastly you break the matches and throw them away."

Lilly looked at Amber and then rolled her eyes, "I can see that this game works, but I want to get more answers from them. Let's just skip this and go straight to the Ouija board."

Amber agreed with Lilly and proceeded to ask the spirit if she could quit. Luckily on the first try she got 'yes' so she cleaned up and placed the board in the middle. While she was sitting and waiting for them to begin, she could literally hear Ethan talking to her in her mind.

'My Angel don't be scared, I'm just talking to you telepathically. I don't want your friend to hear me.'

At first I was shocked that he could do that and then I thought back to all the power I knew he possessed. I knew that my sex life will never be the same and I can't wait until I had him alone; I wanted to show him my though side and I wanted to be in charge for a change. It's so strange that the last couple of days sex is constantly on my mind. I got a little bit lost with my own thoughts and heard Ethan screaming at me telepathically.

'Please control your thoughts!!!! You are going to put yourself in danger!' Ethan snarled.

Surprised at the tone of Ethan's voice inside my head, I looked at him to get him to explain to me.

'Angel playing Ouija board is very dangerous. Most of the spirits you contact are demons – trust me I will know. If you think about anything sexual they will pick it up and come for you. Demons are very sexual beings, it's just their nature. It's very important for you too keep focused.'

I nodded silently to show Ethan I understood and proceeded to listen watch what Amber was doing. After she disposed of the matches and paper from the previous game, she fetched the Ouija board again. This wasn't one of those mass produced boards that you could buy in any toy store; this was a real, authentic one she bought at some weird voodoo place just out of town. It was made from real pine wood with a beautiful varnish finish. Even the planchette was crafted to perfection, with allot of attention to every detail on the whole board. The way the candle light reflected against the board, it looked like shadows dancing on the wood. Outside the wind picked up and in the distance you could hear faint thunderstorms approaching; this was the perfect atmosphere to play Ouija.

Amber gave me a pen and paper to write all the answers down while she asked the questions. Ethan decided not to play; he would rather watch over me and make sure I don't do anything stupid. With a demon on our side, what are the chances of something going wrong?

There was complete silence for a few seconds, and then Amber placed her finger on the planchette, calmly waiting before asking her question, "Is there anyone out there that would like to talk to me?"

We all stared at the planchette, waiting for any movement and then suddenly the planchette started moving. Amber's eyes grew wide and a smile formed on her face; she was excited that there was something. The planchette started spelling something.

'Y-E-S'

Quickly I wrote down the letters and noticed that it said 'yes'. The next question Amber was going to ask was a very important one.

Amber closed her eyes, but kept her smile as she spoke, "Welcome spirit. Are you from the sun or the moon?"

We waited a few more seconds again and the planchette started spelling the answer.

'M-O-O-N'

Amber started laughing, "Is this board serious? Ha ha! There are some dumb spirits out there!" 

Right after writing the letters down I read it; this spirit said that it was from the moon – that means that this was a bad spirit or in other words... a demon. Anxiously I looked at Ethan and he just gave me a smile, his way of calming me down. 

Back when I was younger, I would play Ouija allot and never think about all the consequences it held. Now that I know what a demon looks like and the pain they can cause, I'm a little afraid of them. As long as I listen to what Ethan said to me I will be fine. Amber just needs to show a little bit more respect for these creatures and not underestimate them.

"Amber please, don't taunt them. That's a demon you are talking with."

Amber stared at Lilly before bursting out in laughter, "Do you really believe that demons are real? Oh my god Lilly grow up! I know it was fun when you were younger, but come on!"

Ethan gave Amber a low growl, but she didn't hear it over her laughter, "You know Amber, Lilly is right. There could be a demon in here watching you both right now."

I just shivered at Ethan's ironic comment. He gave me a sadistic evil grin that made my knees weak and caused the moisture to form between my thighs. I tried to hide my wetness from Ethan's strong sense of smell and I thought I managed to hide it successfully, but Ethan was smarter than I thought. Why am I so sexual the last couple of days? Is there something wrong with me?

Ethan glared at me and spoke to Amber again, "You know Amber, most demons capture women and perform sadistic sexual acts on them. Lilly, you remember reading about that, don't you?"

I knew Ethan was taunting me and I tried to hide my flushed cheeks, but luckily it was dark and Amber couldn't see the guilt look on my face.

"Well if this 'demon' wants to fuck me, he doesn't stand a chance. He is only in our imagination and its fun to toy with that a little."

Lilly could feel her anxiety building up; she knew something was going to go horribly wrong tonight. She tried convincing Amber to quit the game, but she just laughed and continued.

Amber started teasing the spirit, "Oh great demon, what is your name?"

They waited a while and the planchette moved again.

'L-E-V-I-A-T-H-A-N'

Lilly knew this name, but couldn't remember where she heard about it. Was it a famous ghost? Was it something about a myth? What was it? While Lilly was trying to figure out who this Leviathan was, she noticed in the corner of her eye that Ethan was restless. She looked at him and heard him speak to her again telepathically.

"Angel, that is a demon and it's one of the princes; just like me. This is serious, tell your friend to stop mocking him. He is here for a reason and I doubt that it's a good one. Please keep your eyes open and keep your thoughts clean."

I knew that somehow I attract demons' attention and I didn't know why. I've thought about telling Ethan my theory, but I doubt that he would be calm about it, so I'll wait until the right moment. I wished Amber would stop mocking Leviathan, I have a feeling that this night would end badly. 

Amber was quiet for a few seconds and started laughing again, "Wow, check out this lame name...ha ha ha ha!"

"Amber please, don't mock this thing. It's a demon and a very powerful one."

Amber rolled her eyes at Lilly, "Oh please since when do you know sooo much about demons?"

While Lilly got closer to Amber to try and talk some sense into her, she felt to strong arms grab her around her waist and pull her back against something hard. Lilly gasped for air and felt the hands around her waist tighten. When she looked up to see who it was, she looked into familiar black eyes... it was Ethan.

Ethan leaned down and whispered in her ear, "You're not leaving my side, Leviathan is coming here."

Lilly felt so safe in Ethan's arms. Ethan grabbed her in a split second And Amber didn't even notice. Lilly couldn't help but be afraid; this was another demon just like Ethan coming here and now one knows why. Lilly quickly assessed the situation; she and Amber where here alone with Ethan and soon another demon will join them...two human girls alone with two demons...

"Don't even get that idea my Angel, I won't do anything to hurt you and besides you are mine and only mine. When Leviathan arrives, try to block out everything from your mind; including me. Leviathan might try mind control on you two, he and I never liked each other. "

Confused I looked at Ethan, "How do I do that without him messing with my mind?"

Ethan lowered his head to whisper in Lilly's ear, "I know I'm going to regret this, but all you have to do is picture your mind with a solid wall around it, blocking anyone and everything out. Try it quickly."

Lilly hesitated but did as Ethan said; she pictured an eight foot brick wall around her brain and concentrated. Within a few seconds she dropped her conversation and clutched her head.

Alerted, Ethan questioned her, "Angel what's wrong?" 

Lilly looked up at him with her hands still on her head, "It hurts Ethan."

Ethan smiled, "Of course my Angel. I'm your mate; your mind doesn't like it when you push me away."

I wanted to ask Ethan more about this mate subject, but suddenly the whole ground started to shake beneath us. Various pots, frames and sculptures shattered on the ground and some of the candles extinguished themselves. Just below the Ouija board the wooden floor started cracking, the sound echoing thru the whole house. Visible smoke was coming from the crack and an extreme heat radiated from the hole that formed in the floor. There was a strong smell of sulfur in the air and it reminded me of the day I ran into Ethan at the cemetery. I guess even though demons can hide their identity- their true self will always show thru. The smoke started swirling around until you could see an outline of a man. Soon we could make out his whole body. So this was Leviathan - with short, brown and messy hair; brown eyes that could see right thru you; lean built body and a very pulling energy. That's what fascinated me the most, the fact that I wanted to go up to him, without any fear. The one side of my mind wanted to scream in fear, but the other wanted me to get closer...just a little bit closer...

"Lilly block your mind!!!!" Ethan shouted at me.

Oh my god, it was Leviathan fucking with my mind. He tried to make me go to him... that thought made me shiver and leaned in to Ethan's chest. I can't believe what I was about to do!

Leviathan opened his mouth and it was like music to Lilly's ears. He had the same melodic voice that Ethan had, but she knew it only sounded like that because he played with her mind. Quickly Lilly concentrated to put up the huge wall around her mind, and almost immediately she could tell the difference. She could finally hear Leviathan's real voice and it sounded dreadful.

"So Asmodeus, it's been a long time since we saw each other." 

Ethan was still sitting with Lilly in his arms, so he stood up and ordered Lilly to shield behind him. 

Ethan growled at him, "Leviathan, what the fuck do you want?"

"Whoa easy...who is that little human? She has got quite a body on her, mmm."

I never knew the color black could radiate so much anger and in Ethan's eyes it burned like fire. "She is mine!!!" Ethan hissed.

Leviathan laughed, "I'm just looking... I came to fetch my target, Amber."

Oh shit I completely forgot about Amber! I scanned the room for her and found her in the corner unconscious. I looked like she passed out and now Leviathan is taking her away.

I worked up the courage and shouted at Leviathan, "What the hell do you want with Amber?!"

With a surprised look Leviathan answered, "You got fire, I like it," he winked at me and stared at Amber, "since she mocked me I might as well take her for a while and who knows, maybe she is my mate."

Before Ethan could argue with Leviathan, he grabbed Amber and jumped back into the pit of fire, leaving no evidence of his presence in that house.

Lilly stared in horror at Ethan, "Where is he taking her?"

Ethan held Lilly tight in his arms, "To Hell my Angel, the same place we are going."

Lilly gasped.