 Cid smiled as he turned on his heels to retrieve his plate of chicken from the kitchen. I heard my Master and Cid speaking quietly in the kitchen. A few moments later Master passed back though the dining room, the still sleeping slave cradled in his arms. My Master smiled almost lovingly at me, pausing mid-stride as I took a bite of the incredibly tender chicken. With an affectionate look at me he took the sleeping slave back to a room. 

Cid sat down across from me, and began to eat the feast he had prepared for us. He did not look at his food, but stared directly at me as I ate slowly. His sky-colored eyes no longer admired my naked form, but devoured it. He reached down and adjusted himself as he cleaned the last of the garlic potatoes from his plate. 

I kept my head down and focused on eating the best meal I'd had in several years. I was worrying over what this other slave could possibly have in mind after I'd finished eating. Cid stood as I finished the last delicious bite, and quickly removed the empty plates. "Don't go anywhere," he told me, as he hurried to the kitchen to deposit the plate into the sink. He was back in a few seconds, standing behind me, and smiled wolfishly. "Care to play?" He asked, as he reached down and pinched my nipple.  

"Honestly, no," I said looking up at him, and brushing his hand away. My body was still humming with tiny aftershocks caused by master's attention. "I'd rather get some sleep. I'm exhausted." In my many years as a slave, I'd never been able to submit to other slaves as I could my masters. Although, often the other slaves only wanted a playmate, I was rarely willing to join in the fun. 

Cid pulled at my nipple even harder, causing me to wince. "Our Master won't see us to our beds until sunrise. We have a few hours before he's finished with the other slave." He pulled his shorts off, as his chiseled featured softened into a child-like pout. "If you won't play willingly..." The threat trailed off, as he wrapped his arms around my petite form, then lifted me out of my chair. 

I growled, the restraint I held toward the vampires gone. I punched over my shoulder at his head. I connected a few times, but I couldn't keep Cid from taking me to the floor. I landed hard on my elbows and knees, with Cid's weight on top of me. "Get off of me." I grunted, trying to squirm out of his grasp. Pinning me under his weight, his heated hands traveled around my skeletal ribcage, and down to roughly cup my tiny tits. His fingers roughly fondled my nipples, as I fought beneath him. He slid off my back, and knelt behind me, the length of his cock brushing past my tender pussy, jumping once to tap my belly just below my navel. 

I dropped to my elbows, and reached back to touch his dick with my hand. I stroked it once gently, then grabbed it, and pulled it with all of my might, as if trying to uproot it. Cid yelped, and quickly pulled his wounded member out of my reach. "You bitch," he hissed, releasing my tits, and grabbing up a handful of my black hair. With his hand tangled in my hair he bounced my face into the hard wood floor. I felt myself crumpling, and my world went dark. 

I neither saw nor felt anything for a long while after. I awoke to a gentle swinging. I opened my eyes to obscurity, and pressure against my cheeks and forehead. I could only assume that I had been blindfolded. My arms were bound tightly behind my back. I felt an insufficiently padded band or strap behind my neck, another mid-back, and one more just above my unshapely butt. My legs were almost completely numb below my knees, and spread up and painfully open. 

I turned my head from side to side a little, restricted by the strap supporting my neck. I grimaced as I flexed my toes, and was rewarded with a thunderbolt of pain momentarily surfacing though sea of sleep in my legs. I whimpered, unsure if this was my Master's doing, or Cid's. 

"Oh you're awake," Cid said from somewhere past my utterly exposed pussy and ass. "Are you enjoying the swing? Julien told me to enjoy myself with you, but I don't think he expected you to resist me." 

He laughed, voice sounding closer. I shuddered, trying hopelessly to bring my legs together. Cid just laughed more. "You wont get out of that, trust me. Master made this for me, when he wanted total control over me." He'd moved closer, and was above my head. His hands gently stroking my cheeks and lips. "I could make a few adjustments, and your head would be bent so far back you would think your neck would break. Then I could fuck your mouth...." He fell into silence, as if actually considering. "...and you couldn't begin to fight it." 

He moved to my left side, his hands encasing my tits once more. "I could clamp these," he pinched my nipples hard for emphasis. "And pull them so far up, you would beg me to release them, or to cut them off. Or..." He moved down until he was between my outstretched legs. "I could pull these open," his fingers grasped and pulled at my puffy lips, "until you screamed. Then I could probe you without those lips getting in my way." 

He tugged my inner labia and continued to pull them further apart. As he pulled my lips wider, and I could feel that my hole had begun to open as well, letting a few drops of wetness escape. I heard Cid gasp, and then felt heated breath on my sex. "You're enjoying this!" His tongue snaked out to lick the few drops of moisture away. 

I couldn't help the smile, nor could I help that being totally bound had always made whatever I endured a little easier, if not oddly enjoyable. I found myself relaxing, finding some form of comfort in being helpless. "Do what you need to do, master Cid," my voice heavy with sarcasm as I called him 'master'. "I am, for the moment, yours for the taking."

As if he had been waiting for me to give him permission, he slammed two fingers into my lightly lubricated pussy. I winced as he pulled back and quickly shoved another dry finger into my snatch, causing me to lose the slight wetness. He clumsily rooted around my hole, his thick fingers stretching me wide. He fucked me with his fingers, burying them so deeply that his knuckles ground into my clit every time he bottomed out I wasn't the first time I'd been fucked dry, but I knew that if he added another finger to my now dry cunt I would tear. 

He slid three fingers in and out of my snatch, the dry friction causing me to heat up. I squirmed trying to will myself to created more moisture to lubricate my pussy, and his fingers. But my cunt seemed unwilling to make this rape easy. The steady thrusting of his fingers quickly began to feel like he was trying to rip me inside out. My inner walls had begun to stick to his fingers as he paused for a split second before he withdrew again. 

I bit my lip, to hold a cry back. Silently wishing he would change his tactics, or move on to something different altogether. I'd begun to burn, and knew that I couldn't endure this probing silently much longer. I was no longer so thankful that he hadn't added a fourth finger, the blood would make a wonderful temporary lubricant. 

"I thought that women were supposed to get wet when they got fucked," Cid said as he pulled his fingers out of my pussy. His tongue took their place, and I sighed happily. He bathed my chafed entrance with his saliva. "Maybe this will help," he muttered as he licked sloppily. He tongued away most of the burning sensations, as he began pushing a finger against my ass-hole. 

I tensed and ground my teeth as his finger slipped slowly into my tight hole. Ass play of any kind usually left me huddling in a notional corner, the sensations so intense that they quickly became painful. I forced myself to relax the muscles that contracted around his finger, and tried to focus on the lashing my clit was receiving from his mouth. It was a short-lived distraction, he began pumping his finger in and out of my bud, and the stimulation to my clit only made the intrusion in my ass feel worse. 

I wanted him to finish; to stop messing around, pick a hole to shove his cock into, get off, then leave me alone. I unclenched my jaw and forced myself to speak, in my mind breaking a major rule. "Oh come on Cid, I want you to put that dick of yours in me," I forced a moaned, not so much of pleasure as from the pain as the finger picked up speed ramming my ass. "All of this is great foreplay, but I really want to get onto the fucking." 

Silence, the finger slowly slipped from my anus, and the tongue stopped working over my slit. I sat straining to hear anything that would tell me he was preparing to slam his dick into either of my holes. There was nothing. It was as if Cid had left me alone. 

I sat still swinging gently for a long while, the discomforts of the swing beginning to cause some serious pain. My legs and feet felt as if they had fallen off, my arms were tingling as the blood-flow to them also was being cut off. 

I sighed, and hoped that Cid wasn't going to leave me in the swing for the rest of the night. I was going to have enough trouble to make it to my bed as it was. Between my legs, my pussy throbbed, the abuse it had taken in the last night had been more than I had see in the previous month. My old Master had cast me aside, and cared little for anything but my blood. 

Finally I felt movement between my legs, but it wasn't Cid entering me. It was a flogger, and it fell hard on my exposed pussy. I jerked wildly in my restraints for a second, the shock and pain momentarily too much. "Don't get lippy, slave. There will be many times I will treat you as I feel Julien should." Cid growled, bringing the inch-wide flogger down on my slit again. "It's only a matter of time before he embraces me, and I truly become your master. Then you will see what real pain is." 

I jerked as each blow caused the nerves to explode in my swollen lips and exposed clit, but he wasn't hurting me as much as he thought he was. This was a tiny pain, a warm-up, from my past, for violations and tortures that would make his skin crawl, and haunt his dreams. Five years was a long time for a blood slave, most last one maybe two years, but I'd gotten lucky. 

He paused long enough to run his hand over my heated crotch, then quickly began whipping me again. I felt myself relaxing, I preferred this to having my ass prodded, and it was something that was not alien to me. I could sink through the pain, into some demented comfort zone. 

His beating wavered, as he paused again to feel the heat rising in sheets, then began swinging with a little more gusto, forcing me to grit my teeth. I knew that his arm was starting to tire, and that all I had to do was wait him out. He wanted me to make a noise, as all masters long for the whimper, or cry, or scream that tells them that they have proven their dominance over the slave. I wasn't about to give that to this mortal, he and I were equals in the scheme of things, and that was the way it was going to stay. 

He stepped closer, and I could feel his dick as it light brushed my wet slit. His attention focused on my chest, the flogger falling hard on my erect nipples. I shivered, the lashes not so painful as they were erotic to my deranged mind. 

I began to slowly manipulate the swaying of the swing, using my numb knees as best I could to bring my pussy closer to his dick. I wanted to be fucked, the light pain had excited me, and now I wanted release. I managed to impale myself a quarter of an inch the first good swing, and a little further the second time. The third time, Cid thrust into me, and I found myself in heaven for a few seconds. The pendulum of the swing pulling me away from him, then back into him. I contracted my muscles around his 6 inches, trying to hold onto his dick as I fell back away from him. 

As he fucked me, he didn't stop lashing my chest. He'd begun swinging hard with the flogger, and I could feel angry welts raising across my small breasts. The sting of the whip only added to my need for release. 

I orgasmed chewing the inside of my check to hold back a tyumpant cry, least he believe I was actually submitting to him. Tears pooled behind the blackness of the blindfold, as I felt tiny spasms in his cock, telling me he was preparing to fill me with his seed. 

He shuddered and slammed into me, his gushing cum coating the walls of my pussy. Then Cid froze, the flogger falling from his hand and landing hard on my stomach. I heard him whimper and then take a ragged breath. I felt him slumping against my bound legs, and then the tsk-tsking of Master. 

"This wasn't what I intended when I told you to enjoy her." Master's voice was soft, but edged with disappointment. Cid moved from between my legs, then I felt cold hands gently guiding my legs out of the stirrups that had held my legs apart for so long. Then he lifted me out of the swing, and pulled to blindfold from my eyes. He sat me on the floor quickly, slipping the arm restraints, and turning his attention to Cid. 

I opened my eyes slowly, weary of the intensity of the over-head light, ignoring the pins and needles starting in my arms, my legs were still deadened. My eyes focused just in time to watch Master slam Cid against the wall. Cid cried out as master forced his head to the side, brutally tearing into his vein. Cid's eyes were glazed with anguish, but his eyes somehow focused on me through the pain of master's bite. He offered a defeated smile, as tears over-flowed his eyes, and master released him. He dropped to the floor, limp, but not dead. 

"I'll finish with you tomorrow," master told Cid. "My new ones will get to witness what I made that swing for originally. Obviously you have begun to miss it." 

Leaving Cid, Master picked me up again, and carried me back out of the room with the swing, up two doors to the room at the end of the hallway, every step he took jarring a little more life into my limbs. He opened the door, then deposited me on the bed. I winced as he sat me on the bed, and he kissed my forehead quickly. "Sleep well, child." He whispered. "You will learn much tomorrow."

"Master," I whispered, as he turned to walk away. He turned raising a sepia eyebrow. "I resisted him." I didn't want to be the cause of death of another, and although seemingly kind, my master was a killer. 

Master smiled, hearing my words as well as the thoughts. "Worry not child," he spoke softly, taking a step back toward the bed. "I have no intention of losing Cid to this. But I cannot let him abuse you."

I nodded, as he sat on the bed. The movement intensified the waking pains of my limbs. I ignored the agony, waiting for Master to continue.

Master sighed. "Cid and I had discussed what it would be like, if I visited another sale and picked up more humans." I frowned, he avoided using the word slave, and I didn't understand why. "We talked for many months establishing rules, and a long list of what we would not do to them. Cid, it appears, has forgotten most of that list. And as much as I hate to, I have to remind him that he must do as I tell him to."

Again, I nodded, understanding at least part of what Master was saying. 

Master looked me over, and it seemed that he just noticed the criss-crossing of welts across my chest. He frowned, his cool hands quickly coving the flesh to examine the damage. Seeing that they were minor, his eyes traveled down to the angry red streaks rising from between my folds to just above my pubic bone. I heard his teeth grind as he clenched his jaw. "Lay back, please," he said, his jaw still clenching with anger.

I lay back carefully, mindful of the shooting pains as I straightened my legs. I opened my legs, and with Master's help, got my knees lifted so he could look at the superficial damage of the whip. His cool hands again touched my warmed and sore sex, and I didn't hold back the moan this time. I had been properly warmed up for anything he chose to do to me, and I wanted him to do more than just look. 

Master's eyes flickered up to meet mine, as I looked down at him. He smiled warmly up at me, as he moved his hand away and lowered his lips. Kissing down the welts on my pelvic bone, his tongue quickly speared at my clit, coaxing another moan from my open lips. I let my head fall back onto the pillow, as I felt his lips curve into a smile before they enveloped the hood of my clit, and began sucking at it gently. He cajoled my clit to rise from its hood and began stroking it roughly with the length of his tongue.

I tensed as he expertly brought me to climax in a few seconds. I let small cries escape my lips, as he nursed the waves of pleasure to crash throughout my body. He paused when I began shaking, cumming so often that it was excruciating. 

As I began to come off the flood of rapture, he crawled up my body, positioning his cock just outside my hungry slit. I rocked my pelvis forward, impaling myself on the thick tip. He looked down at me, studying the frown of impatience on my brow. With a soft grunt, he thrust into me, burying his perfect length. 

He moaned as I clenched my muscles around his ridged shaft, rocking my hips. I'd never tried to please my Master before, or myself for that matter. It was almost as though Master was silently urging me to enjoy our embrace. I matched his hammering with my own, driving myself over the edge a few more times. Master worked tirelessly, pounding into me at what ever speed I set. He was still posed above me, looking intently at my face as we fucked. I looked up at him, not realizing that I had closed my eyes. He grinned as he adjusted his angle, and raked his rod across the top of my hole. 

I screamed out, the nerves he brushed across igniting and sending their flames to engulf me with pleasure. I wrapped my arms around him, pulling him down until our chests were mashed together, wanting more, but unable to ask. He nuzzled my bared neck.

"Are you ready?" He asked, still kissing my neck. I answered with nod, baring my neck further, as my hips went into double-time. He ran his tongue down the large vein in my neck, as if searching for the best place to take blood.

Finally I felt his teeth on my throat, and I tensed waiting for the pain to begin to sweep the pleasure away, forgetting that the first time he bit me, it had only added to the pleasure. I shuddered as his fangs seemed to slip through my flesh, and sunk into the vein without so much as a pinch. He swallowed only a mouthful, and his rod seemed to swell within me. 

He plunged into me a few more times, and then his glacial sperm erupted, filling my womb with a delicious sensation. He released my neck, again kissing away the slight burn of his bite, then slipped out of my now chilled pussy. He nuzzled my neck again, and I expected him to bite again. He planted a series of kisses over my neck to my jaw, and then pulled away. 

"It's nearly dawn, child. I must retire," he whispered, as he stood and pulled the black sheets up over my body. 

I nodded, feeling slightly removed from the situation, still unable to cope with the massive change my existence had just undergone. I yawned and let my eyes fall shut, fearing my dreams, but curious of what tomorrow might bring.