 She took me into her bedroom. Spartan, like my own, the large black and burgundy covered bed dominating the room. She sat down on the bed, her hand still engulfing mine, gently pulling me down to sit beside her. She'd left the door open, and in the near silence of the house, we could hear Cid and our Master speaking quietly in the living room.  

"You saved me," I whispered to her, as I sat on the bed, relaxing the grip I had on the blanket wrapped tightly around my small frame. "At the sale, if you hadn't reached for me our Master wouldn't have noticed me." I looked at her, meeting her eyes bravely, as I worked out the events of the sale. I was slow in realizing the debt I owed her.   

She shook her head. "No, I didn't save you." She told me with a quiet laugh. "You got his attention all on your own, when you screamed in that vampire's face...It was like you put all of you pain and hate into that death-like scream, and then you lay limp as if you had died. Our Master stopped mid-stoke, he shrank inside me, and he watched you. He placed the collar around my neck, and then he all-but ran to the sale room. He must have paid a lot for the two of us, because he talked with some other vampire for a long time. And finally, he handed over his entire bag of silver coins. By the time he got everything worked out, the candle was almost burnt out."

I lowered my gaze and impulsively turned, letting the blanket fall into a pool of crimson around me, and hugged her. "If you hadn't reached for me, I wouldn't have screamed." 

Her arms came around me, and she nuzzled my check affectionately. I hadn't intended for her to return the hug. My brain exploded in a typhoon of scenarios of how this girl would hurt me, I clenched my eyes and I fought not to pull away. 

I could recall several times when another female slave had cornered me, and taken their aggressions out on me. Some of those scars were better defined on my damaged skin than any given by my vampire Masters. My sides and stomach bore three-sets of anger driven fingernail valleys, and my upper thighs and mound of Venus were covered in jagged circular teeth-made craters where other female slaves had sought to inflict their pains on someone else. I feared that this girl would leave scars much deeper than any before her.

Finally, she released me, her eyes wide with concern. I must have grown rigid in her embrace. I shook my head, ignoring the girl's mute distress. Panic had started to churn in my gut; prelude, in the past, of torment and destruction. I turned away from her and curled into the fetal position, battling to hold back the sobs threatening in my throat.

Silently, I chastised myself for my inability to remain passive. 'What's happening to you?' The part of myself that had been murdered and resurrected hundreds of times screamed silently in my head. 'You've grown so weak in a matter of days. Toughen up, or your new household will tear you apart.'

"I just want to take the pain away, even if it's only for a few minutes." She whispered, her voice edged with the same tears as the ones filling her eyes, as she curled around my backside. Her arms came around me, as she refused to let me face my demons alone tonight.

As she whispered, I realized that her lips did not move as she pressed them against the back of my neck. She spoke telepathically, into my mind. My senses sprang to life, as I felt her body pressed firmly against mine. She was cold, the length of my life tale had cooled the heat that had radiated from her. 'Vampire,' the voice in my mind whispered.

I pushed the voice away. Surrendering to the kisses she planted on my shoulders. But acceptance didn't stop the sobs, and I became victim to their iniquitous assault. I was broken more completely by the comparative perfection of this household, than by the torture of five years in Hell. 

The thick wall I'd begun building the first night as I watched Hitomi taken by a creature of nightmares crumbled to dust as I cried clutched tightly in the arms of the golden haired angel. She kissed my back and shoulders, moving to my neck and ears. Pacifying me with the soft meaningless words she whispered, as she gently rolled me over.

I looked into the forest of her eyes, seeing the tiny differences that confirmed she was not the human slave I'd mistaken her as. Fresh tears overflowed my eyes fearing she would manifest into that nightmare monster from my past cackling in triumph. 

"Vampire," I whispered, shattered, but unable to summon the strength to hide it. I let my eyes fall closed turning my head away, baring for her more than just the vein. 'What a cruel game,' I thought to myself. 'Befriend you, love you...then their kisses cut so much deeper.' The thoughts continued as I waited for her to freeze my heart. 

She never leaned down to claim my throat as her prize. "No." She said quietly, and turned my face back to hers with gentle force. "I will never take your blood." Her lips brushed lightly across mine, seeming to pull the tension from me. "I am not the creature you think I am." Again the feather-light touch of her lips, this time taking the last of the fight from me. "Though I am not so different from them. But I am as much a slave as you." 

I opened my eyes, shaking my head slowly. "I don't understand..." She leaned down to touch my lips again, my eyes fell closed once more, as I fell into the tranquility her kisses brought.

My consciousness fluttered, as her hands moved over my broken body, never truly touching but soothing away the tiny pains I had learned to ignore. Her mouth worked tenderly against mine, coaxing me to open for her. 

When I opened my mouth to her, and our tongues touched I cried out in relief that was near rapture. There were no tiny fangs to pierce my tongue, only human teeth and a soft tongue to dance with mine within the warm confines of our mouths. 

Her hands continued to move over me, brushing my throat, my shoulders, then down across my nipples. In their wake, electric tingles remained. The puckered and scarred flesh grew warm as the tingling sensations faded. Every time her fingertips touched warm, once deadened flesh, intense bolts of pleasure shot directly to my core. 

Somehow, she had brought feeling back to the heavily scarred flesh of my shoulders. Her hands seemed to move randomly, staying mostly over my shoulders, but occasionally they strayed to my throat, or down over my breasts. I whimpered against her mouth, moaning, as I never had, my hips pumping the air gently.

She broke away from my lips. "Keep your eyes closed." She whispered as she tenderly kissed my eyelids. "Focus on the pleasure. I'll take away the pain." She kissed down the side of my face, her mouth warming with the slight friction from our kisses. 

She moved so that her body covered mine, her leg pressed against my core. I rocked my hips, coating her thigh with wetness. Moving slowly she covered my jaw with her lips. When her lips touched my throat the pleasure that erupted from the soft, human-like kisses sent me into a convulsive orgasm. It was as if she had buried her face between my legs, and not in the cleft of my shoulder. 

She kissed away the lingering numbness of the scars that covered my throat, working down slowly. The final long held tension slid away as she moved down, taking a tiny, erect nipple between her teeth. Her tongue brushed the inert flesh waking my nipple from its long torpor. 

As I writhed under her intense suckling, vivid colors flashed behind my closed eyelids. In my mind, I pictured her feeding from the old pain; her tongue like a magical cloth slowly wiping even the scars away. 

The pleasure she gave no longer traveled down to further excite my already dripping pussy, but seemed focused entirely on the nipple she slowly swirled her tongue around. Building an orgasm that felt as though it would burst from the very tip of my throbbing areola. When I felt that I would have to beg her to stop, she would move to the other teat, and began her nursing anew.

I floated on the waves of felicity as she fed on the damaged flesh, moaning loudly as she moved from breast to breast. Her fingers played over my face and neck, tantalizing the newly awakened nerves. 

I wanted to touch her, return the pleasure; as hungry for her as she seemed to be for me. I touched her side, sliding my fingers over her warming flesh, the passion we shared warming her as blood would warm a vampire. 

"No," she said around the nipples still in her mouth. "When I have taken all I can...." She continued speaking, but her words were lost on me, as she brought a hand down to grasp my other nipple between her thumb and fore-finger. The difference in texture, the damp softness of her tongue as she spoke, and the dry, comparably, rough touch of her fingers, coupled with the new sensations of my enlivened skin rocked my consciousness. 

I cried out, biting my lip to keep from screaming, as the secret muscles in my pussy clenched in on themselves. She timed the flicking of her tongue, and the gentle rolling pinch of her fingers with the contractions of the orgasm. Expertly dragging the climax out much longer than it should have lasted. When I thought it was starting to end, she'd lick my nipple, or squeeze my tit, sending me screaming to near unconsciousness.

I never passed out, but clung remarkably to awareness. The rainbow dancing behind my eyelids grew erratic until she brought me slowly down the zenith. When she reluctantly pulled her mouth from my conflagrant tit, I was wheezing, trying to gulp air into my pleasure weakened lungs. 

I slowly opened my eyes to look down at her, as she rested her forehead in the tiny depression between my tits. Tears of vehement gratitude streamed down my cheeks.

"...I can't take any more..." She murmured into my sternum. "I know there is so much more," she raised her head meeting my clouded gaze, a devious smile slowly curling her plump lips. "But we have time to take it all."

I look down at my swollen nipples, and shook my head trying to clear the fog from my vision. The scars were gone, both of my breasts, as well as what I could see of the rest of my chest were free of the blemishes that had marked me as less. 

I wanted to voice my awe, my thanks, but I chose to show her. To, at least, try to give her a fraction of the pleasure she had given me. I pushed her back gently, as I sat up. Crushing her lips to mine in a clumsy, but earnest embrace. As we kissed I pushed her back further, until her back lay in the softness of the blankets, and I lay on top of her. Our breasts were pressed tightly together, her firm healthy globes pillowing my small but, now, almost beautiful half moons. 

She broke the kiss, breathing hard. "You don't have to do this," she breathed, her eyes flashing with something I could only interpret as fear. 

I frowned down at her. The fear in her eyes told me she was just as much slave as I was, even though she had just proved that she was so much more. She feared the injuries she'd taken from my skin. She also somehow knew that a few of scars that still remained on my yet untouched stomach and those between my legs had been caused by other slaves. 

"I would never hurt you," my voice nearly echoing hers earlier. I leaned down and kisses her lips gently. "Let me give back some of what you gave me." I waited for her to respond, unwilling to rape her, even though the need to see her dance and moan under my fingers and mouth was excruciating.

Slowly she nodded, mute as she closed her eyes, her head turning to the side. 

I rolled off of her, the flesh between us feverish from the intense heat radiating from her still form. I let my eyes wash over her, taking in the elegant beauty. Her skin was perfect, lightly tanned and nearly free of any scar. My eyes were drawn to a tiny blemish just at the base of her sculpted throat, two tiny punctures where she had been bitten a long time ago. 

My fingers moved to stroke the slightly raised pinholes, and she shuddered, breathing a long sigh. I continued to look over her, as my fingers danced over the yielding skin of her shoulders. Her tits fell naturally away from the center of her chest, still holding most of their firm shape as they raised and fell with her gentle breath. Her stomach was tight and muscled lightly. As my eyes came to rest on the tangle of trimmed dark blond curls at the junction of her thighs, my breath caught in my throat. 

I wanted to explore their until she screamed with senseless abandon. But I knew if I drove between her legs, she would at best tolerate my attentions, and never feel the ecstasy I wanted for her. I leaned down, and kissed the flesh under my fingers, breathing the clean jasmine scent of her skin. 

I moved down her collarbone, trying to cool the inferno that was her body with my breath. I inched down, leaving a trail of wet kisses, until I encircled her left nipple, showing it loving attention. I took her nipple in my mouth trying to work the same magic she worked on mine, but her flesh hadn't been covered in long numb scars. 

I worked slowly, not wanting to rush, but longing to taste the fragrant honey below the dark blond curls. I moved my lips further down her chest, my tongue snaking over the faint ridges of her ribs, and then into the valley of her abdomen.

As I ventured further, she raised her knees, and opened her legs. Inviting me silently to taste the nectar of her nether-lips. I moved so I was half kneeling, half laying between her legs, my mouth still moving in languid circles above her pelvic bone.

Taking a long deep breath, I relished in the musk of her, it had undertones of citrus like a lemon verbena plant. Not unpleasant in any way, but so different from my own unique scent, which seemed more bitter, like ginger, to my nose.

I paused to look up at her face, her eyes closed, a slight impatient frown creasing her forehead. For a long moment, I was still, enjoying the vision as I looked up at her. 

She rocked her hips once, drawing my attention back to the treasure a few inches from my chin. I smiled, reassured that she wanted this, then began to kiss the inside of her upper thigh. She moaned softly, as my lips moved closer to her pussy, my cheek just brushing the sensitive edge of her outer labia. 

She'd been almost silent as I worked over her neck, chest and stomach. But the closer to her slit I got, the more she moved and wordlessly told me to continue. I lay down, taking her folds into my mouth, and running my tongue over the subtle ridges. I moved over the outer-lips slowing my mouth to tease her and to savor the intoxicating citrus and honeysuckle musk that rose to embrace me. 

I'd been so obsessed in my pilgrimage, I'd missed Master Julien and Cid's silent entrance into the room. Slight movement diverted my attentions, and I watched uncaring as both of them slid down the wall, sitting to watch our lovemaking. The much quieted voice in the recesses of my mind warned that I should do more than simply glance at my Master, but I was willing to do no more than that, accepting that I may face consequence later. I wasn't sure how long they had been watching us, but I was almost certain it had been a long while.

She wiggled her pussy across the side of my face, a long desperate whine flowed from her lips, and I turned back to her slit, dismissing the two voyeurs seated just inside the room. Her hands clutched at the sheets, curling and uncurling impatiently. Again, I smiled as I hovered above the tiny hood that partially hid her clit, unfurling my tongue to snake across its underside. 

She recoiled from the rough touch with a sharp cry. I kept my head between her legs but raised my eyes to silently question her. Her eyes fluttered, and she relaxed as I licked across her labs again. "Sensitive." She muttered apologetically, raising her head enough to look down at me, unaware of the onlookers. "It's been a long time since I've had a woman kiss me there."

I nodded in understanding, turning my attention back to the bloom. I focused on the petals, and the seeping aperture at their center, only stroking the true heart of the blossom occasionally. I wanted to make her scream, but in pleasure not because the intensity of my tongue caused pain.

Pressing my mouth firmly against her sex, I lapped at the juice leaking slowly from her hole, then pressed my tongue into it. I kissed the cat's tongue of ripples and ridges at the roof of her pussy for a long time. Pushing my tongue inside and then pulling it back into my mouth, licking hard across the tender ridges. 

She pumped against my face, fucking my tongue. Her hands moving to cup the back of my head, holding me tight against her. She hissed as her cunt spasmed, then moaned as the first stage of her orgasm rolled through her clenched abdomen. Her fingers tangled in my hair as she ground wildly on my spearing tongue. She no longer let me toy with her sex, but used my tongue to build herself into an explosion. The resulting scream echoed through the house, and left my ears ringing when it finally died. 

As she released her death-grip on my head, I returned to lapping softly at the outer edges of her dew drenched petals. My tongue ached delightfully, the sturdy muscle trembling with fatigue. I gave her pussy a few lingering kisses, then rested my check against the inside of her thigh.

I watched in awe as her pussy shuttered every few minutes, aftershocks of the ear shattering earthquake, her hips rolling gently. 

Impulsively, I covered her sex again, sucking the button of her clit into my mouth. Her hips rocked up to meet the soft prodding of my trembling tongue. 

She started to cry out, but it was cut short as the bed shifted, and we were joined by our Master. "May I?" He asked, his voice slow, and thick with lust. 

I looked up at him, my tongue still dancing over the smooth surface of her bud. Breaking reluctantly away from my prize, still hungry for her to shudder under my lips. "If you insist," I whispered, with an exhausted smile, the smear of drying honey cracking on my cheeks . 

I glanced over at Cid still seated against the wall, questioning if he was planning on joining us on the bed as well. He shook his head, and raised his hands in surrender. "I'm spent." He mouthed, obviously content for a time to watch.

The girl's eyes were on me still as I backed out from between her leg. She eyes were clouded with lust, still hungry for sex, but no longer for the shallow inexperienced caresses I could give her. I knew that I should withdraw from the bed, and give our Master his space, but I wasn't ready to retire from the night's games just yet.

I slouched back against the wall, glaring hungrily as Master's head moved to cover the space where mine had been just seconds before. His tongue moved between the girl's legs, licking her quickly into another orgasm. 

I fought with myself, wanting to push him out of the way and take possession of the honey-glazed slit I felt was mine. Never had I ever wanted something as bad as I wanted to take this girl again and again, until she begged me to stop. I wanted to fuck her until the sun rose and fell again. I knew that it was almost impossible for the two of us to hold out that long, but I wanted to try. Her taste still coated my tongue, and it seemed that our sex had begun to heal even my broken psyche.

As her screams reached that mind shattering pitch, he moved quickly driving his hard cock into the wet juncture where my lips had been playing. He moved in long, hard strokes, coaxing the screams and the orgasms from her. 

He stared down at her, his face a mix of sexual hunger, and awe. "Sidhe," he whispered once, as her screams turned to quiet moans. Her eyes shot open, and her face took on a dark, sad half-smile. She said nothing, but rocked her hips, drawing him back into their fucking.
