 I woke in a tangle of bloodied sheets. Cid was still out cold at the other end of the bed, his pale toes only inches from my face. The night before, Master Julien and Cid had played with me for hours. I had passed out from their attentions, and it seemed Cid had followed me soon afterward. The late afternoon sunlight gave little light in Cid's room, as I sat up slowly and cautiously stretched. I hurt in places I had never hurt in, but it was a warm and near happy ache. 

Over the last two weeks, Cid's life and mine had become a veritable orgy. If we were not sleeping or eating we were fucking or being fucked. ﾃ（ne was here some nights, but since Master had freed her she was out more often than not. 

Master had outlined his few very lax rules to Cid and I. We were not to leave the five acre property the house sat on. Not to rape one another. And the basement was off limits. Other than those few rules we were free to do as we wished in the daylight hours. At night we were his. Though a night had yet to pass that I hadn't submitted to anything he asked. 

I had been surprised that we had played in Cid's room. Master and Cid had never let me join in when they coupled. They often took turns fucking me, but not since the night of Cid's punishment had they allowed an audience. But even during the games in Cid's room last night, they had not come together. 

I climbed out of bed, and padded across the hall to the bathroom. I did my business, turned on the dual head shower to let the water warm, then headed to the kitchen to start coffee. 

In my long years of slavery I had forgotten the bless that was coffee. I set out two over-sized mugs next to the sugar already waiting to sweeten the drink. I knew that Cid preferred cream to dilute his coffee so I pulled that out of the well-stocked refrigerator, and placed it on the counter as well. 

I returned to the shower to find Cid already enjoying the warmth of the water. "Mind if I join you?" I asked, my hand on the sliding glass door. I was less the broken thing I was when I arrived here, and more the person I might have been had I not been taken years ago. 

"Of course not." He was washing shampoo from his hair, his eyes closed. 

I stepped into the shower, and took advantage of the second shower head to wet myself, and began washing the dried blood and other fluids from my skin. My neck and shoulder ached from Master's sanguine kisses. The muscles under the skin were still torn, but the skin was without blemish. I might have some slight bruising, but no scars. 

When she was with us, ﾃ（ne had spent hours eating the many scars from my skin. The night that Master set her free, she had kissed nearly all of the scars from my neck, shoulders, and chest. Since that night she had cleaned the scars from my arms, and stomach. I still had a few scars between my legs and on them to be removed. She had promised to return to finish, and, as she said, to make me whole. 

I washed the soap from my skin, and watched as Cid turned in the shower showing the eight healed scars that Master would not allow ﾃ（ne to erase. I reached my hand out, and ran my fingertips just over the raised skin. 

Cid froze under my touch, his shoulder hunching. "I've told you I'm sorry for what I did." He turned his head to look at me over his shoulder. "I should have left you be."

"I was tired, and in a form of shock that first night." I stepped into him, hugging him from behind. His height putting the curve of his ass against my stomach. "If you left my ass alone, and used a bit of lube, I would submit willingly to those attentions again."

He relaxed in my arms, and pushed his ass against my front. "Would you return the favor?" 

"I've never taken someone in the way I think you mean, but we can discuss it, and I'd be happy to try." I ran my hand down his chest, and belly stopping just above his cock. 

"Discuss it! I want you to fuck my ass." Cid laughed, taking my hand and wrapping it around his swelling cock. "Do you only let it just happen if Julien is involved?"

"No." I pushed him forward against the wall, my hand tightening around his girth. "I wont rape you." To emphasize my words, I pushed against his ass again pumping as I spoke. "If you want me to fuck you. I can do that. But I don't want to hurt you while I do. I'm lacking equipment. We would have to improvise." I pumped against him hard enough that he placed his hands against the tile wall. "That requires discussion." 

Cid gasped and moaned against the wall, my fingers pumping his cock as I moved against his ass. He pushed his ass out for my thrusts, his cheeks spreading slightly. I placed my other hand at the top of his ass, and slid my thumb down his crack to press firmly against his bud. 

"I'll go if you keep that up." He said trying to move away and straighten up.

I pushed him back into the wall, and continued working his dick, pushing my thumb against him until he began to open for me. I knew if he really wanted he could stop me, he outweighed me and was in amazing shape for a lowly slave. "I want you to cum. Think of this as prelude to when I tie you up and push more than my thumb into this tight ass." I let my thumb ease further inside him. He moaned and pushed back, pushing my thumb deeper. 

We moved in rhythm until he shuddered, his ass spasming around my thumb, and his seed washing away in the fall of water. I pulled my thumb from his ass slowly, and gently released my hold on his cock. He slumped to the floor of the shower and shuddered again. "Oh Gods. That was amazing." 

I patted him on the shoulder and then washed my hands in the shower head on the other side of the stall. "Coffee should be ready." 

I stepped out of the shower and pulled two towels from the closet. Cid was slow to get to his feet, as I dried off, and watched him. Finally, he turned off the water and stepped out. I handed him a towel. "You good?"

"Oh yeah." He responded. "Gonna need some food with coffee though." He chuckled. "I'll cook, though. I don't think I can stomach your idea of cooking again."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence. I never learned how to cook more than ramen and mac and cheese before..." I laughed, but let my words trail off. I didn't like thinking about anything in my past older than about a week ago. 

"Well, I want something more than ramen before Julien gets here tonight." Cid tossed his towel back at me, and headed for the kitchen. 

I stayed behind to towel my hair, and run a brush through the fine black strands. I brushed my teeth, and took a long look at myself in the mirror. I'd put on some weight, and all of the aerobatic sex had given me a bit muscle tone. Seeing myself without all of the scars was still a shock. I didn't look like the person I had been when I arrived, and I was feeling less and less the broken slave I had been. Maybe ﾃ（ne had been right, and we were here to heal. 

When I joined Cid in the kitchen my coffee cup was full and waiting on the table for me. Cid was was at the stove hovering over a boiling pot watching quartered potatoes roll within. "I have steaks marinating in the fridge, I'll put them on the grill when the potatoes are ready." 

Cid had grown up in the Midwest. Someplace where they worked hard most days, and ate some kind of meat and potato nearly every meal. He'd told me about his life growing up, but had never shared how he had found himself a slave. I might ask someday, but not tonight. 

"Cid?" I asked looking down at my cup of black coffee. "Do you know where we are?"

He turned to look at me puzzled, before he understood just what I was asking. "Not exactly, no. I looked at the license plate on Audi and it said New Mexico. But I don't know if this cabin is there. Gods know this place doesn't look like what I always thought New Mexico should look like." He looked out the window at the pines that surrounded the fence in the backyard proper. "I would say we are somewhere like Montana or Colorado, maybe." 

The sun was slipping behind the mountains to the west when Cid was happy with the mashed potatoes and put the steaks on the grill. He hovered over the steaks like a mother hen, adjusting the heat on the grill several times to get the steaks cooked evenly. Cooking was one of the only things I'd seen Cid obsessive over. 

I'd set out the plates for dinner, then joined him on the back deck to watched him hover over the meat. The sky turned from blazen pink to purple to the deepest shade of blue while the steak sizzled. Feigning patience, I sipped my second cup of coffee and waited for him to announce the meat done. 

We had finished eating, and finished washing and drying the dishes, and had been talking on the back deck for a long while when we heard the vehicle coming up the dirt road. It was about 3 hours since the sun had set. The vehicle did not sound like the Master's usual car. 

Cid and I shared a frown, and moved back inside the house. The engine cut off in the drive, and a few minutes later a knock came at the rarely used front door. Cid hurried to his room for his shorts and a shirt, and sent me down the hall. I was out of sight from the door, but close enough I could head Cid opening the door and stepping outside. I took a few hesitant steps into the living room, and waited. 

He was gone for a few minutes, then can back inside holding an official looking letter. "It's for Julien." He said answering my unasked question. "He gets mail out here sometimes." He tossed the letter onto the coffee table, and began pulling his clothes back off. 

Though we both had a few items of clothing, neither of us wore anything except on one afternoon when it was cold and stormy. Cid had worn his lounge pants, but I had simply wrapped myself in a quilt. We were more comfortable without the clothes. I had a sundress, a pair of shorts, a tee-shirt, a long sleeved shirt, and a pair of lounge pants. I hadn't worn them since the Master had given then to me and asked me to try them on to check the fit. 

We snuggled together on the couch, and napped while waiting for Master to arrive. I'd just started to drift off when I heard the garage door opening. I started to get up to meet the Master, but Cid tightened his arm around me. 

"Don't get up." Cid whispered against my hair. "He will enjoy seeing us like this."

I relaxed back onto the couch, and let Cid snuggle me closer. Cid had been giving me suggestions about what the Master would or wouldn't enjoy for a few days.

I heard the garage door close, and then the door opening in the kitchen. My pulse and breathing sped as I waited for Master to step into the room. I heard his boots on the wood flooring, as he made his way closer. My abdomen clenched tight with anticipation of the games we would play this night. 

"Don't you look comfortable." His voice was calm and warm as he stood in the dining room looking in on us snuggled onto the couch that faced that way. "I need bigger couches so the three of us could lay together like that."

Cid released me, and raised himself up on his elbow. "We can fit together on one of the beds, any of them are large enough for the three of us." His other hand moved to gently cup my breast. 

"Do you have any objection to this," Master asked moving closer to us, and looking down at me.

I looked up at him, passive, the anxiety I felt at his arrival gone. "None." 

"Then, up with you both." He reached down and took my hand and pulled me to my feet. Then reached and helped Cid up as well. 

Cid embraced the Master, and leaned down to kiss his lips. As he did so, I realized that Cid was actually an inch or two taller than the Master. Master startled at Cid's attention, but returned his kiss gently. As the kiss ended, Cid leaned close to Master's ear and spoke quietly. "She said she would fuck me." 

"Did she now?" Master Julien's eyes turned to me, obviously surprised. I nodded without speaking. I was used to Cid's daytime reports to the Master, though rarely did the news catch him off his guard. 

I turned and made my way to the room our evening had started in; Cid's room. I didn't need to hear the report of me thumbing Cid's ass in the shower, or of dinner, or the unexpected arrival of the letter. 

I crawled up on Cid's bed, and waited for the Master and Cid to join me. I was excited for another night of play, and wondered if what Cid and I had done in the shower would change the games in any way.