 It was several minutes before Master joined me on the bed. The Master seemed distraught, not his usual confident self. He removed his clothes without relish and left them where they fell on the floor. His eyes were wide as he crawled onto the bed, and stared down at me for several seconds. Finally, he shook his head as if trying to clear his thoughts, and gracefully flopped down beside me. 

"Is everything alright?" I asked as he pulled me effortless into his arms.

"The letter I received is concerning, but it was too cryptic to jump to any conclusions. It will be at least a week before I fully understand its meaning." He breathed against my ear. His hands shifting me more securely against him and moving to cup my ass. "Did you truly say you would tie him up, and fuck his ass?" 

"Yes" I moaned as he bit my neck with near human softness. "After we discuss the intricacies, and work out what I will use to do it." 

"I shall like to watch." His teeth closed around my earlobe, piercing it. He began sucking gently, a growl rumbling deep in his chest. 

"Of course, Lord." I kissed his neck, then gasped as he drove his tiny teeth into my ear again. "Where is Cid?"

Master's lips locked around my earlobe and he sucked hard, causing me to tense then writhe against him. "He'll be along in a few minutes." He rolled us over and pinned me beneath his weight. He wedged himself between my legs and pressed himself against my core. "I wanted a few minutes with just you first."

I spread my legs, and rocked my pussy against his semi-erect cock. "Just me? I am honored, Master." I looked up at him and gave him a playful grin. 

He reached down between us, and ran his finger against my entrance feeling the wetness there. His lips terribly close to my mouth. "Mockery is not appreciated, dear Rei." He moved his hand to position his dick, then pushed roughly inside. Fully sheathed, he paused as I gasped a hairs-breath from his lips. "I will need to punish you." 

"No jest." I moved my hips, dancing around his cock, while he held statue-still above and inside me. "I am always honored for your attentions. Even if they come in the form of punishment, Lord."

He lowered over me, propped only on his elbows as both his hand cupped my face, forcing my eyes to meet his. He slate eyes bore into mine for a long time, his thoughts silent. Finally he lowered his lips to mine. He kissed me feather-light, before he began moving inside me. 

I met his thrusts, the pace slow and deep. He filled me completely, then stopped moving, freezing above me until I groaned in near frustration. I moved him in a slow circle in my depths and rocked up and down his motionless length. 

Master remained frozen above me, staring down at the impatience that had furrowed my brow into a frown. He knew I did not have the leverage or range of movement to do more than tease us both. "Punishment enough." Then began moving in and out of me, his flesh meeting mine hard enough to shift me a fraction higher on the bed with each stroke. My head soon touched the headboard. 

Master shifted his position, then lifted my legs over his shoulders, then he leaned his body back over mine. Forced double, I couldn't move against his so I tightened myself around his cock squeezing and releasing as he plunged in and out. I moaned loudly as the pleasure began to ripple through me. I clenched down making Master fight to move within me.

He leaned over me, nuzzling the side of my neck, until I turned my head for him. His lips and tongue moved across my throat before his teeth touched the flesh and pushed through into the vein. His lips closed around the wound drinking me down as he fought to push into my pussy. 

The orgasam caught me and sent me into a fit of muscle spasms. Master pressed down over me, forcing me to still except for the wild contractions ripping though my core. He pumped in and out, until he moaned, his lips moving letting a spill of crimson run down my neck. His cum filled me like ice water. He pinned me feeling my heat begin to warm the cum around him, before he withdrew and moved back, allowing me to unfold myself. 

Master lay down beside me. We cuddled in the after afterglow until he looked up, tensed, then grinned when he saw Cid watching us from the doorway. He pushed off the bed, and went to meet Cid just inside the room. I watched with interest, the Master never got up to greet us if he was at rest. 

The Master stopped just before Cid, then dropped to his knees, and immediately took Cid into his mouth. Cid's cobalt eyes flashed wide as he looked to where I lay on the bed then down at the Master's head as he began moving his lips up and down Cid's quickly growing cock. His hand came up and tangled in the bay strands of Julien's hair, guiding his mouth over his cock. Cid's head tossed backward as he cried out as Master pulled back and ran his tongue around the thick head. 

Cid released Master's head and stepped back until his lips left Cid's fully erect cock. Cid looked down at Master dismissively, and walked to the bed flopping down across the bottom of the bed on his back. Master remained kneeling for several minutes before he stood and followed Cid slowly to the bed. 

I sat up slowly, pulling my knees to my chest, trying to be unnoticed. The contact between them more this night than I'd seen since the night Cid was flogged. So far other than Cid's look to me when Master had first taken him in his mouth, neither had glanced my way. I wedged myself against the headboard determined to be as silent as possible, not wanting them to stop. 

Master covered Cid's cock again, his mouth moving up and down the length. Cid's eyes fell closed as he brought his hands up and placed them behind his head. Master's head moved delicately, it was obvious he was taking care to keep his teeth from piercing Cid's sensitive member. He pulled back and used his long fingered grip to stroke Cid's cock. His hand tightened enough to bring Cid up of the bed, his eyes flashing in pain, before he settled back, and Master continued pumping him slowly. 

Minutes later, Cid sat up and pulled away from the Master's attention. Master crawled across the bed following Cid's movements. Cid used his hands to guide Julien's lips to his own, and they kissed their tongues warring playfully from one mouth to another. Cid groaned loudly, and I caught a trickle of blood at the corner of his mouth before Master licked it away. 

Cid broke the kiss, pushing the master back with a hand on his chest. The Master lay back his legs bent at the knee, but spread to either side of Cid. His head was turned away from me, when Cid looked at me, his eyes ice blue with lust. "Lube." He mouthed, as his hand moved down to cup Master's balls, then snaked down lower. 

I reached off the bed, trying not to draw Master's attention, and grabbed the bottle of lubricant that lived there. I carefully placed it in Cid's outstretched hand. Cid gave me a wink, then turned his full attention to the vampire that was beginning to quiver from the fingers kneading his balls. Cid opened the lube, and liberally applied it to his fingers before dropping his hand back between Master's legs. 

Master turned his head, his grey eyes open and staring almost blindly at Cid. Cid slid a finger into Master's ass, his eyes gleamed and his lips twisted into a grin. Master gasped his eyes falling closed again, his back arching, and his mouth open enough to flash fangs. 

Cid worked his finger slowly, until Master had relaxed, then he added a second. Grinning again as the Master arched and moaned anew. After a few minutes, Master relaxed, and Cid added a third finger. He stopped moving his hand as he looked down at the Master waiting for him to stretch and relax before he began moving. 

Cid moved his fingers within our Master's stretched ass, his eyes flicking between Master's legs and watching the obvious ecstasy of the wide "O" Julien's mouth had formed into. When Cid withdrew his fingers Master was panting and whimpering, something I had never seen from the always composed vampire. 

"Turn over." Cid whispered, pushing gently at one of the Master's legs. 

His eyes opened and he blinked several times before he moved to comply. He turned on his hands and knees, his head hanging down. Cid maneuvered them so Master's head was just in front of me. If he looked up he would see me. I wondered he had forgotten I was here, if the games would stop if Master remembered. I never would have imagined he would let Cid top him, especially not with an audience. The Master didn't look up, he lowered himself, and offered his ass to Cid. 

Cid watched the pale ass, as he took up the lube and applied it directly to his cock. Cid's eyes met mine again, as he moved up behind Julien and slowly pushed himself inch by slow inch inside. Both of them moaned in unison as Cid's hips married ass. Cid leaned over Master's back and wrapped his arms around his chest and pulled him up against his chest. They moved together, with one of Cid's hands across Julien's chest, and the other below his chin. He forced Master's head to the side, bearing the faint blue vein running just below the pale flesh. 

"Scream for me." Cid whispered in the Master's ear, then bit down brutally on the side of his neck. Cid's hips flexed driving his cock even deeper inside his ass. 

Master complied, his scream ending in a growl that hardened my nipples. I wasn't sure I would be able to voyeur much longer. The Master's cock was being woefully ignored even though it danced and waved against his stomach like an over enthusiastic exclamation point. Cid bit down again, and Master screamed again, then began to fight to move away from the pressure of the bite. 

"If you break the skin, game's over." The Master warned, sounding almost normal despite his heaving chest. 

Cid began kissing his neck with nearly the same violence as the biting. "I know the rules." 

I could see the deep indents Cid's teeth had left in his throat. I knew that Cid had nearly drawn blood, and had needed the warning. Though I did not know that there was a rule forbidding us from bleeding the Master. Not that it had ever crossed my mind to do so. I could never see myself dominating him as Cid was. The very truth of that happening was a shock to me. 

They found a rhythm that allowed Cid to nearly slip free of Julien's ass before slamming back into the depths. I continued watching as both their faces grew slack with the pleasure as Cid began to moan in tandem with the Master. 

I had started to creep closer to them, when Cid's eyes focused on me as he silently questioned where I was going. 

I answered him just a silently, by looking down at the still untouched offering of our Master's cock and licked my lips, before looking back up at Cid waiting for his approval. 

He nodded, then turned the Master's head bearing the yet untouched side of his neck. "I need you to scream for me again." He hissed. "Then I'm going to cum so deep in your cold ass that you'll be warm for a week." 

The Master moaned, bearing his neck even further, and rocking back to meet Cid's dick more firmly. 

As I lowered myself even with the Master's pulsing cock, I kept my eyes up on Cid. I was pretty certain that he wanted me to swallow down Master's cock at the same time he bit down on his throat. I opened my mouth wide to take his entire length into my mouth, and glanced up at Cid one last time. Cid had been watching me too, and gave another nod of his head before clamping his teeth onto the offered flesh. 

I missed the synchronization, but it worked out just as well, as the Master's hips shot forward, and his dick shoved itself half way down my throat. Master screamed, and growled, and began cursing. "Oh fuck!"

I worked to keep from gagging on him, as I forced my eyes up to watch him struggle between Cid and myself. Cid didn't hold his neck between his teeth long, Master was struggling too hard as the sensations intensified. 

I was still looking up when Master's eyes shot open, sucking his cock back down when his body pulled away and was shoved forward by Cid's thrusting. Our eyes met for a second then his head was ripped backward. Cid held him tight across his chest, and his other hand had grabbed a handful of hair and used it to bow Master's body backward. 

"I'm going to tear you both apart if you stop." Master growled. "Don't stop." He moaned, his body shuddering violently, and I knew he was seconds from coming. 

I was focusing on timing my breathing, and not gagging, Cid was shoving into Master with such force I couldn't focus on their interaction. Keeping from choking, or accidentally scraping teeth was all I could do until they finished.

Cid's growling words were even deeper than Julien's. "Don't you fucking cum before I do." 

"Hurry." His hand managed to find the back of my head, as he froze deep in my throat, as Cid pounded into his ass. 

Cid fucked Master's ass, his breath coming in ragged gasps. "Close." 

My eyes watered, I couldn't breath, and began choking. Master held himself in my throat as I gagged and fought weakly to move off his cock. I felt him twitching and pulsing down my throat. If they didn't finish soon I knew I would pass out. 

"Coming." I felt Cid's hips change tempo as he shot his seed deep inside Master.

Master pushed me just far enough off his cock for me to get a single ragged breath, then shoved himself back down my throat, and held me down until his own glacial jizm erupted down my throat. 

Slowly he moved his hips back, letting his spent member fall from my open lips. I let my head drop and coughed for what felt like eternity, before I raised my head again. Wiping the tears from my cheeks, I looked at the Master and slave, as the slave pulled himself slowly from the Master's ass. 

Julien fell like a puppet with it's strings cut. He lay motionless for several minutes, not breathing, then he began to laugh. 

Cid slid to the bed on the other side of Master. "Rei, you alright?" 

"Yes." I croaked, my throat raw but otherwise I was fine now that I had had the liberty to breathe for a few minutes. 

"What would I do without the two of you?" Julien was laughing hard enough that pink tears were streaming from his cheeks. Finally, he wiped his face, composed himself, then gathered us both to him, wrapping us both in his arms.

Unlike most nights, our games for the night ended there. The three of us managed to fall asleep snuggled together. I woke briefly when the Master carefully got up, and headed for the door. 

At the door he turned and looked back at us. Cid grumbled in his sleep, and moved enough to snuggle into me. 

"I love you both." The Master whispered, then turned and left to find solace in his daytime retreat.