 Note: This is the first of a series of shorts centering around Haze. A strange city shrouded by mists, and inhabited by stranger residents still. To walk into it is to walk into another world. A fairy land of cement and steel and gothic gabled shops. Of dance and drink and predators who prey on the unwary. The weak willed. The submissive.

Enjoy.

oOo

Entering the Lotus was like walking into a storm of sound, sex and sensation. Lights pulsed with a music whose bass was so deep it reverberated in your very bones. Dancers moved on the main floor like shimmering mirages of flesh and neon colour. Women and men moving together in a sensuous dance without rhyme or reason, while above more women writhed to the music in cages, neon paint glowing along near naked curves.

Ania sat in a corner booth and rubbed her forehead. Five minutes in the club and she was already getting a headache. This wasn't her type of scene. The young bank teller was too fixed on her career and her work. But every now and then you needed a break, and the Lotus seemed to be the most popular bar in Haze. So she thought she'd give it a try.

But she hadn't expected so much... everything. The place was getting to her. She was practically vibrating in her chair with all the sounds and the flashing lights. Her nerves were cranked up to the nth degree by the sheer sensation overload. She nursed her drink, trying not to look too hard at the dance floor and the grinding bodies thereon. Not that looking up was much better with those wanton dancers. How could anyone submit themselves to that?

She sighed. So much for relaxing. She shifted in her cut-off jeans and tank top. Not very professional, but she hadn't wanted to look out of place. Maybe she should just go home. Watch some tv...

"Hello there."

Ania raised her head and stared. A woman stood beside her. Not just a woman, but quite possibly the most beautiful woman Ania had ever seen. She was tall, her hair a black mass perfectly coifed around her ears. Her eyes were dark, lidded and amused, a gold necklace of a serpent on her neck. She wore a dark, elegant gown of shimmering green that barely managed to contain the generous swell of her magnificent chest. Skin pale as marble almost shone in the lights of the club, and in one hand she held a long cigarette holder, the end trailing cloying wisps of smoke.

"Laivia Lotus. Mind if I join you?"

"Um... No. I guess not."

"Thank you," the woman purred, a sound that thrummed up Ania's spine like electricity. The elegant woman slid into the seat across from her, taking a slow drag on the cigarette before breathing out a faint puff of smoke. Ania inhaled, practically tasting the scent. A scent like vanilla...

"All alone?"

Ania blinked. "Hm? Oh. Um. Yes. Just... came by to try and relax a little."

The woman smiled, her dark eyes opening a little more. "You don't look too relaxed."

Ania squirmed, flushing despite herself. "That obvious, huh?"

The woman chuckled. "It is. Not quite your scene, hm?"

"You can say that again. It's just... a lot."

"Yes. It can be for first timers," she said, glancing back over the dance floor and the half-naked figures grinding against one another. Her eyes slid back to Ania, shining faintly in the pulsing lights. Almost seeming to swirl... "There's a trick to it," she said, smoke wafting from her black lips.

Ania stared at the woman, the vanilla scented smoke twisting around her. "There is?"

"Oh yes. You see, you need to be open to the experience. More... amenable..."

"Amenable?"

"Yes," Laivia said. She took another drag of her cigarette and exhaled a cloud of smoke once more. "More... open to the experience. Would you like me to help with that?"

Something about her words didn't sit quite right with Ania, but she couldn't quite put her finger on what it was. "I... guess."

"Good. Let's see your hands."

Ania stretched her arms onto the table. Laivia reached out and took them, gently running her thumbs along the lines of Ania's palms. Ania shivered at the strange sensation.

"Breathe, Ania. Breathe."

Ania nodded, inhaling deeply. Exhaling. She found it easier to steady her breathing now. Focusing on the sensation of Laivia's fingers moving along her sensitive palms. Ania inhaled. Exhaled. Taking in more of that cloying smoke. Scenting that sweet vanilla exhaled by those soft, black lips.

"Good," Laivia purred, and again Ania shivered in delight. "Good. Just relax for me. Relax, Ania. Listen to my voice. Listen to me talk."

"Yessss," Ania sighed. She was feeling relaxed. At ease. The music no longer pounded on her, but seemed to thump inside her. Attuning to her. Or she was attuning to it. She breathed deeper, drawing in more of that smoke, twisting around her like pale, writhing serpents.

"You're doing wonderfully, Ania. So good. So... obedient."

Ania's breath hitched at that word. "O..."

"Obedient," Laivia purred, leaning in closer, her lidded eyes faintly glowing. Swirling with colours. Spinning, spinning, spinning away all the bad thoughts. Ania stared into those eyes, her body relaxing more. Easing. "You're doing very well, Ania. You're being such a good girl for me. Such a good, obedient girl."

"Mmmnnn," Ania moaned softly. The warmth of Laivia's praise spread through Ania in a warm heat, coiling in her stomach and spreading through her limbs as she relaxed more, sinking into the plush, soft cushion of the seat while Laivia continued to trace those wonderful patterns on her palms.

"Just let all your worries melt away. Just listen to my voice. Just breathe, Ania. Just... breathe..."

Ania did. Her breathing was deepening. Her mind clouded by that white haze. Her tongue buzzed with the taste of vanilla. Her thoughts slipping away like smoke. Soft, wistful, scattering smoke. She felt light. Her body tingled with an acute sensitivity as she breathed in, her heart pounding in time to the music.

"So fast, Ania. You just gave in so... easily..."

Ania whimpered softly. Had she? What had she given in to? But she didn't think too hard on it. Not while she was breathing so deeply. Staring so deeply into those shining eyes of the strong, powerful woman across from her.

"Get on your knees, Ania."

Ania nodded dully. The command filled her head until there was nothing but it and the winding smoke. She slid out of the booth and kneeled on the club's floor, looking up at Laivia. The pale woman smiled down at her, then slowly lifted a heeled shoe.

"Take it off, Ania. And kiss."

Ania did, sliding off the wonderful, powerful woman's shoe reverently. She sighed as she saw her dainty foot, bare. Adoringly she lifted Laivia's foot and gently kissed the sole. She shuddered in delight at the taste. Oh God! It felt so good to do this. To be on her knees before this beautiful, magnificent woman. She looked up adoringly at Laivia as the smiling woman took another lazy drag from her cigar holder, leaned in, and breathed out.

Ania sucked in that sweet vanilla smoke. Her head spun. Her body thumped to the music of the club. People were looking their way. Watching her. She could feel their eyes, and oh but that thrilled her in a way she couldn't say.

"Good slut," Laivia breathed.

"Ohhhh," Ania whimpered in delight.

"Good, obedient, slut. You're doing so well, slut. So eager to please. So eager to submit."

"Submit..." Ania sighed.

"Obey," Laivia purred.

"Obey..." came her sigh, the word etching itself on her mind. Tattooed into her consciousness. She shivered in delight, looking up at Laivia in adoration. "Obey..."

"Good. Now, for your reward."

Ania watched, breathless with anticipation as Laivia opened the front of her gown, baring a flushed pussy, a neatly trimmed triangle of hair above it. Ania panted in eagerness, but did nothing. She hadn't been ordered to. And she was a good girl. And good girls...

Obeyed...

Laivia smiled darkly, amused and satisfied. "Come, slut. Here's your treat."

Ania dove forward, burying her face in the other woman's muff. Laivia hmmm'd in pleasure, leaning back in the booth as her newest pet eagerly ate out her pussy. Taking another drag of her cigarette holder, Laivia exhaled another cloud of cloying smoke into the room, lazily watching it twist among the dancers, fill the shrouded air. Reaching down, she pressed Ania's eager face firmly against her, and watched the dancers move and writhe in the haze of the club's air.

"Good girl," she moaned, rocking against Ania's eager tongue. "Oh yesss. Good girl. Such an eager slut. Such an... ah... good slave. Oooh yes. That's it. There, slave. Right there. Taste it. Feel it with your tongue. Oh goddess yes! Mnnn!"

She moaned as she came, Ania whimpering in delight as she slavishly tongued out her mistress's cunt. With a sigh Laivia pushed Ania back, the young woman falling to the floor, gazing up with worship in her eyes as Laivia rose, easy and commanding.

"You're a born slave, pet," Laivia said, taking another drag on her cigarette. She leaned forward and exhaled that sweet smoke directly into Ania's face. The young woman moaned, sucking in that sweet smoke, her lashes fluttering as she breathed it all in. Laivia smirked. "And not bad looking. I could use another dancer for the cages. Would you like that, pet?"

"Yes," Ania whimpered, beyond protesting. Beyond thought. Her head was filled with smoke and pleasure and eager obedience.

Laivia laughed. "Good. Follow me, pet."

Laivia turned and sauntered back into the club. Ania immediately crawled after her, staring at Laivia's flawless bottom, defined so perfectly in that tight, slinky gown, shimmering like scales. Ania panted happily as she followed her mistress. After all, pets went on all fours.

And Ania was a good pet. Because as she inhaled another gust of that sweet white smoke, let her thoughts drift away, Ania knew that good pets are obedient.

And she intended to be the best pet ever.