 This was Julie's day off from the gallery. She was going to catch an afternoon matinee of "Nosferatu" at the Biograph Cinema. She loved matinees. She could have an entire theatre to herself which afforded her the privacy to explore self pleasuring without fear of discovery. 

She had broken up with her boyfriend of one year and she now found herself seeking out more and more erotic past times each day. She needed something to compensate for the loss of real sex. She and Seth had parted ways over a month ago.

She had noticed the strange young man in the coffee shop prior to the show. He was cute, tall, and mysterious, but, he was also very morose looking. He seemed to be totally distracted and haunted as he sat endlessly stirring an oversized cup of coffee. 

"Who drinks that much goddamned coffee??" she wondered as she placed her order. 

He had pale white skin and his short black hair was as shiny as a Raven's wing. She reckoned that they could compliment each other's appearance... Her skin was quite pale too. She was a tall, slender brunette. At the age of twenty-one, she loved being Goth, although many of her school friends were now abandoning the lifestyle in favor of sell-out office jobs. The coffee guy also appeared to be in his twenties. 

The sexual relationship that she had once shared with her ex had not been that great but, it had been better than nothing at all and now she was missing it. The night before, she had rented the porn tape, "Candy Does Dracula", and she had thoroughly enjoyed that experience. The only drawback was that a dildo was not the same as the real thing for her. She didn't know what she would do if she didn't have an honest-to-goodness date soon! She needed a man in her life. "Well", she mused, "...maybe just 'in' me.." She had no idea why she desired penetration all of a sudden... Seth had certainly not been "Mr. Goodbar". 

She watched the young man for a few more minutes, lost in her own revery about all things "Karma Sutra-ish". She noticed that he seemed really tired. He had faint dark circles under his eyes. Suddenly, he rose from his table, pushed his chair back, and wordlessly left the shop. 

"He sure acted like someone flipped his goddamned switch" she quipped.

Stunned by his hasty departure, she crooked her head around the corner of the door to see where he was headed. He was making a beeline toward the movie house. Her heart began to pound. She quickly paid for her medium sized latte, secured a lid on top of it, and left. Today might just be her lucky day at the cinema!

#

She experienced the darkness of the theatre like one entering a cave. First, she was blind for about a minute as she touched a wall. She headed up a steep, carpeted ramp into more darkness. Soon, her eyes began to adjust to the dimmed arena as the pre-show announcements began and the lighting was slightly increased. She navigated her way to her favorite spot. The very last row in the balcony section assured complete privacy. She groped her way to a seat directly below the Projectionist's booth. The building wall sloped outward significantly and provided an overhang for this final row. Should the tech above get curious and look down, all he, she, or it would be able to see would be a ledge...

Julie sat down happily and began to relax. She closed her eyes, sipped her latte, and then she remembered that she had come in here in hot pursuit of someone. She blinked her eyes a few times and looked around the vacant theatre. No one. She appeared to be in there alone. She slouched down in her chair again and leaned back, waiting for the pre-show announcements to end. Then she heard it. It was very faint. She was wondering if the noise had drifted in from the west corridor which lead to the main lobby. She dismissed the sound and closed her eyes again.

"Ahhhhh... " 

Her eyes opened. It was definitely a male voice and it was coming from her left and many rows down. It appeared to be coming from a darkened corner of the theatre. She quickly finished her drink and put the empty cup in the fold of the seat in front of her. Stealthily, she moved to her left. She moved parallel to the top row of seating and then she descended the west ramp into a cloak of darkness. She saw someone several rows ahead. The person was slouched way down into a seat next to the wall. She could see the top of their head moving slowly back and forth and she could hear them moaning. She moved closer. It was the guy from the coffee shop. He seemed oblivious to her presence so she crawled up closer until she could view him between seat spaces. She wanted to see what he was up to and she was flabbergasted by what she saw.

"Could this be the legendary Mr. Goodbar?" she mused. 

He was slowly stroking his huge, erect penis. It was thickly veined and had an enormous, glans head. 

"It must be at least nine inches long... Totally unreal..." she thought. 

The young man was beginning to stroke his manhood faster when the pre-show announcements were coming to an end. The movie began and the entire theatre was now deliberately submerged into sheer darkness. The only lighting that existed came from low wattage sconces located high above the side seating areas. He groaned louder. 

She could now only glimpse fragmented images of him from the projector's beam. He now seemed to be stroking his thick rod with a crazed frenzy while palming the ruddy helmet of his tool like a crystal ball. This private 'side show' continued for another five minutes before his was finally arrested by an orgasm. He jerked once and spurted an amazing geyser of thick, white fluid six feet high into the air. He quickly bent over and appeared to discharge the rest of his seed into a soda cup while visibly shaking from pleasure and release. 

"Oh my God....oh GOD...." she whispered breathlessly. 

Suddenly the young man seemed to regain his hearing and his instincts because he spun around and instantly spotted her kneeling between the seats. He seemed angry, at first (for having been caught masturbating and ejaculating in a public place...she had guessed). Oddly enough, he also seemed like he was pinned to his spot by some irresistable pull of gravity. He simply appeared 'unable' to flee the scene by zipping up his pants and exiting like a true gentleman. Julie stood up, and looked directly into his lap without embarrassment. His erection appeared to have only slightly diminished while his balls were still huge and engorged. 

"Too much packing to do" she speculated.

She was breathing as hard as the young man now... 

She casually peeped around the theatre to insure that they were still alone. They were. She looked at the screen and surmised that the film had about another hour of play time. The young man's expression changed from one of anger and suspicion to one of lust and excitement as he watched her surveying the area to secure their privacy. 

Satisfied that they would not be interrupted, she smiled provocatively at him and held out her hand. He paused for a moment and then he took it. She led him from his seat and up the ramp to her own spot beneath the Projectionist's chamber. When they had finally reached her perch, the young man's unbounded erection had resumed its full size and she could now see it properly. He had to be ten inches long fully erect and about two inches thick from base to tip. She sat down in her old seat and pulled him gently down by his rock hard penis into the seat next to hers . He moaned very low in pleasure.

Julie giggled and said,"Shhhhh.... we'll get caught."

Suddenly, the double doors on the east side of the theatre opened and the figure of a very tall man appeared. He walked slowly to the third row aisle seat. He sat down straight away and seemed immediately transfixed by the film that was running. 

"What's your name?" she breathed, intoxicated by the musky smell of the young man.

"Sam," he mumbled. "What's yours?"

"Julie" she sighed, slowly beginning to slide her fingers up and down his huge, veined shaft.

He trembled and slouched down deep into the seat and looked at her very intensely, "...Julie..." He put his right hand into her hair and pulled her mouth gently toward his massive erection.

"Wait" she hissed. "Do you have a condom? I have a few but you are going to be too big for them..My ex was half your size easily.."

He closed his eyes and frowned, "Use what you have...just...please...don't tease me..."

Carefully, Julie unwrapped a latex condom and unrolled it onto his thick penis until its length terminated less than half way down the shaft. She managed to save a large portion of rubber at the tip of it to catch his cum. She looked around them and towards the front of theatre. The person in the fifth row was still preoccupied with the movie. No one else was there. Something was off and she couldn't think straight. She felt drugged by lust. She put all thoughts out of her mind. All except for the treat in front of her. She bent down and slowly took Sam's huge cock into her mouth and began sucking on it hard, with a slow, rhythmical motion. Bobbing her head up and down, nearly gagging in delight, she alternated with heavy strokes of her tongue to the glans.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh........yes, Julie....." he whispered in ecstasy.

Sam began to thrust his tool in and out of her mouth with a steady motion of his hips. She gently began to squeeze his enlarged testicles and he squirmed and moaned with even more pleasure. She slowly increased her hand pressure. She was getting really horny and wanted him inside of her. She glanced up at his face, expecting to see a great big smile. What she found was an expression of utter misery. His eyes were clinched shut and his head was turned to the side. She noticed two, small, bloody puncture wounds about an inch and a half apart on the left side of his neck. 

Within two minutes, Sam had cum again...hard. His ejaculation was so great that it quickly filled the resevoir tip and had streamed powerfully down the sides of the condom. Blindly, Julie reached over the seat in front of her for the empty latte cup. She placed it between Sam's legs, guided his huge penis down into it, and pulled off the condom. He had ejaculated almost half a cup of semen into the container. Julie stared at it in amazement. She didn't know that a man could ejaculate this much at one time. Her ex could not ejaculate anywhere near this much.

"You've got a cow beat, Sam..." 

He was semi-erect again, and Julie pulled out another condom. 

"This one is going to have to last you until we make it to my place..." 

"Let's aim for the late show..." Sam sighed as he caught the glassy eyes of the evil presence standing directly behind her.

He pulled her mouth toward him again as she giggled.