 The Adventures of Béla, the Vampire Girl

Book 1: Target Girl

Part 1 - Chapter1 - The Slasher

Matthew met her at the Target Club. Angela had short-cropped red hair, bright green nails and eyelashes to match. She stood there waiting for his order, looking at him like he was a tempting and illegal afternoon snack. 

They liked each other right off and he flirted with her all evening. When it was her turn to go on stage, he whistled and applauded like everyone else, but he watched her face – not her tits or her bare ass. 

By the end of her shift, she agreed to go out with him, and he brought her here, to his private little dungeon, a basement room in an abandoned warehouse in the industrial district two miles outside of town. There wasn't anyone around for miles. 

Of course, she tried to run as soon as he stopped the car. But he was very athletic and she was terrified – too terrified to concentrate on running, or even defending herself. She actually had a gun in her purse, but she fumbled it and he easily, laughingly, took it away from her. Then he'd dragged her into the building, kicking and screaming.

He liked these young girls to fight him. Once inside his concrete sanctuary, he actually turned her loose. She immediately attacked him, trying to subdue him quickly. He loved to watch girls fight for their lives, so he never tied or gagged his victims. The longer they fought, the more he was able to terrorize them before he cut them up.

After the first few moments, Angela broke down and simply backed into a corner, whimpering, and let him rape her. He took a long time cutting her up, listening to her scream. She begged, she pleaded, she promised him everything, but she didn't fight. Matthew was so upset with her lackluster performance that he butchered her corpse, chopping her into little pieces and tossing them into the street on the other side of town in a trash bag.

A week later, Matthew went back to the same strip club, determined to get a pretty girl with some fight in her this time. He found a really nice package - a tiny black haired girl that was so intoxicating, so full of life, he knew that butchering her would be the single biggest thrill of his life.

She was small; they call it 'petite', about five feet tall. Her olive skin, black hair and eyes indicated an exotic background. She could have been an Arabian princess. 'Béla,' she said her name was, had an adventurous look in her eyes that said she liked getting into trouble. He would give her more trouble than she wanted.

Wearing only a G-string and black mesh stockings, she sat, straddling his lap. "What would you like to do to me," she whispered into his ear, "if we were alone, and you could do anything you wanted?" Strangely, he felt compelled to tell her the truth. 

When he did, she'd pressed her naked breasts against him and kissed him passionately. Then she sat up, undulating her hips and belly in an incredibly sexy manner that he'd never seen before.

"Like this?" she asked, almost whispering. She sensuously raked a fingernail up her belly, from her pelvis to her rib cage, leaving a red welt on her skin as she ground her hips against him. Her face was flushed, her breathing heavy. Her eyes glowed with excitement as they gazed steadily into his. He was sure she'd just had an orgasm, right there in front of him, straddling his lap with her sexy legs.

He watched her dance on the stage, fascinated with her, imagining little rivulets of blood running down her torso. Afterward, she invited him into a special room in the back to act out his fantasy, offering to be his personal Target Girl. He declined, suspecting it to be a trap. He reasoned that if she and the slut Angela had been friends, she just might be attempting to find and catch Angela's killer on her own.

Later, he caught her in the alley behind the bar on her way home, beat her senseless and brought her here, to his basement lair. When she woke up, she fought him fiercely, scratching, kicking and biting. Slashing her with the knife just seemed to excite her into fighting harder. It was almost as if being cut with a knife excited her. He anticipated a wonderful time carving her up.

The little stripper was hunched down, holding her side where he'd been able to sink his blade three or four inches into her sweet, soft flesh. Blood dribbled through her fingers where she held the wound closed, trying to keep it from bleeding too much. She was breathing heavily, watching his every move warily.

They circled. Surprisingly, the girl seemed to grow stronger as the seconds went by. Within a minute, she was completely ignoring her wound. It even appeared to have stopped bleeding.

She dove under his guard, actually attacking him, grabbing his knife hand and pushing herself in close. She sank her teeth into his jaw, tearing flesh and muscle from his face. Then he twisted her around so that he was behind her, his arm wrapped around her head, his knife hand coming in from her right side, sinking the blade deep into her belly.

Béla twisted back around, the movement pulling the slippery knife out of his hand, and bit into his neck with her teeth, the knife still in her belly. Matthew savagely pushed her away and landed heavily on top of her, knocking the wind out of her. She cried out in agony as he pulled the knife out of her and raised it over his head to plunge it into her chest. As he began the downward stroke, he realized that she'd passed out from the pain. 

He'd never known a pretty girl who had fight left in her after he'd slashed her precious face or body once or twice. Most girls were so vain that they would rather be dead and beautiful than alive and scarred. What they preferred didn't matter. When he was finished with them, they were not beautiful. But they were very dead.

Looking at her lying beneath him on the floor, Matthew realized that she loved to fight, and she'd fought savagely. She had closed with him several times, allowing him to score with his blade in order to viciously rake his face or body with her teeth and nails. 

Matthew picked her up and laid her on the sacrificial table in the center of the room. He ran his hands over her breasts and belly, smearing blood from the dozen-odd cuts and slashes he'd given her while they fought. In a short time, he was aroused. He put his hands between her legs and forced his fingers into her cunt. He was surprised to find that she was sopping wet. 

Evidently, fighting and physical pain made this girl horny. No wonder she loved it so much. He pulled her unconscious form to the edge of the table and began fucking her. He would give her more pain than she would be able to handle. Raising his knife high above his head, he plunged it like a sacrificial blade deep into her lower belly. It was a stroke designed, not to kill, but to cause excruciating agony.

Béla gasped as the sharp blade sank into her belly, slashing white-hot through her skin and deep into her gut, waking her instantly. She grabbed her attacker's wrists helplessly as his arm moved up, then down, again and again. Finally, she lay quivering; gasping for air through pierced lungs. Her stomach was too ripped up for her to fight any more. Her torn and slashed muscles simply wouldn't hold her up.

Béla mentally performed the mantra she'd learned centuries ago to separate herself from the agonizing pain in her belly, and disperse the sensation more evenly throughout her nervous system. In a very short time, she had her nervous system reprogrammed so she could sensually 'ride' on the incredible pain she was experiencing. 

She felt her body responding, spreading the agony in her belly and chest more evenly. Her pussy, belly and breasts tingled as an intense orgasm began building up. We'll settle accounts later, she decided.

Béla cried out as he stabbed her again. Her body convulsed, her pelvis clamping down against his invading penis. Orgasm after orgasm swept through her. The knife sliced into her yet again, slashing one of her breasts in half. She was losing control as blinding pain and pure, white-hot sensation overwhelmed her senses. Matthew slashed her other breast, carving it in half right through her nipple, destroying its perfect symmetry forever. As he began carving on her face, she lost her hold on the sensations she was experiencing and blacked out.

Matthew rammed his cock into her again while drawing a decorative, wavy line from her left cheek down to her belly with his blade. His heart was pounding in his chest. It was hard to breathe. The girl he picked tonight was so much better than the one he'd brought here the previous weekend. She was a true fighter.

He felt her death throes as she clamped her pelvic muscles down against his invading cock almost painfully. He could feel his orgasm nearing, a rush of explosive sensation raging through his pelvis and nearly overpowering him in its intensity. He raised the knife blade over his head with both hands. With a guttural scream, he stabbed the knife through her abdomen, pinning her to the table as he came again and again into her dying body, filling her convulsing cunt with the most powerful orgasm he could remember.

He leaned, gasping, legs and body trembling, over her steaming, bloody corpse, his face inches from the freshly gaping hole pumping blood around his blade, sucking in the smell of her fresh blood through his nose and mouth. His other hand slipped in the blood on the table as he tried to keep his balance.

Sticky red liquid spurted as he pulled his knife blade free. The smell of it was intoxicating. It was everywhere, making the table and floor slippery. He watched as it pumped out of her body. 

'She's still alive!' he realized. 

Béla lay senseless beneath him. Matthew's pelvis was surrounded and soaked with her hot, sticky flesh. His penis throbbed with his need for another release. He sat up, straddling her torso – his ass and balls slippery against her belly, making his need for another release even more intense.

He wiped his hands and knife against his bare chest, then thrust his knife deeply into her diaphragm. His entire body was rigid and he was trembling violently. He guided his hard member into the hot, bleeding vagina he had just created with his knife. He could feel her lungs moving, her heart pounding against his cock. He began to thrust into her chest cavity, rocking her body and head forward and back, his hands and knees slipping in her blood. 

His second orgasm was even more intense than his first. As he pumped his semen into her chest, he stabbed his knife down into her heart, feeling her body convulse as her heart emptied its bloody contents into the freshly gaping wound. He felt a tremor beneath him as she died. 

Feeling enormously satisfied and exhausted, he collapsed. A hollow, weak laughter escaped his throat. Béla lay unmoving beneath him, her snarls and screams finally silenced, her lungs still, blood slowly oozing from her butchered corpse.

"You were really good, babe. Too bad I can't ask for a repeat performance," his raspy voice sounded, unsteady and hoarse. He looked down at her. "Girl, you're a real mess."

After a moment, he slid off her cooling body. Raw pieces of meat and drying blood stuck to him as he moved. His dick and balls were soaked dark red. He could feel blood coagulating in the crack of his ass. It made his balls slide around between his legs. That he should be covered in blood and gore felt right, somehow. It made him feel fulfilled and complete.

Matthew's feet slipped on the floor when he tried to stand and his hand squished down into her gory, slashed-open abdomen as he caught his balance. Her blood seemed to sting his hand in revenge. Straightening up, he smeared his hand across his body and staggered unsteadily across the room. Her blood seemed to boil on his skin. Now that he had come, he noticed his dick was burning, too.

I must have gotten some stomach acid on me, he decided. He went in to the bathroom to shower.

Behind him, Béla lay on the table, her heart, chest and stomach ripped open, her dead body cooling. Blood stopped oozing from her wounds and began to coagulate. On a cellular level, however, there was a great deal of activity. Cells that were still alive were growing and dividing, devouring damaged tissue and blood to repair the damage to her heart. The semen pumped into her pelvis and chest was also absorbed, the pure protein becoming an added boost for growth and repair. In just a few minutes, her heart, healed with fresh muscle tissue, began beating once again. Her body temperature began to rise.

Béla woke suddenly, gasping for air. She felt incredible; a new birth, a fresh, raw body. She kept her eyes closed and breathed deeply, luxuriating in the sensation of her body renewing itself. Being murdered would be her favorite hobby if she could get it to happen more often. In the last hundred years, she'd only managed it three times.

After a time, she opened her eyes. She was still on the table in the center of the room. As she looked down at herself, she could see she was naked, covered with blood and loose chunks of her own flesh. Half of her left breast was missing, her breast tissue regenerating more slowly than more vital parts of her body. She lay back on the table, surprised at the completeness of his butchery.

Wow! I missed a lot, she thought to herself, somewhat disappointed. She would have to lie here for awhile until her stomach muscles healed enough for her to even sit up. Her lower abdomen was still intact (he probably didn't want to stab himself in the dick), but the rest of the muscle tissue in her torso was shredded. Almost tenderized, she thought humorously.

While her body regenerated, her mind drifted back to the last time she was murdered. Almost fifty years ago, a Nazi officer had shoved a grenade up inside of her. It blew most of her backside off and almost completely severed her legs from her body. Afterward, she was dumped into a huge open ditch with hundreds of dead bodies. It had taken three days for her hipbones and pelvis to grow back. She never ever again wanted to think about what she'd been forced to devour during those three days. 

Afterward, she had found her Nazi lover and, after retrieving some much-needed vital fluids from his neck, released him from his earthly suffering. After she escaped the country, she decided not to let any smooth-talking military types convince her to take another holiday in Germany.

A movement in the room brought her back to the present. She held her breath and watched through slitted eyes as a man, naked, walked across the filthy room. Her attacker had showered and was drying off with a large (pink?) towel. He threw it over a chair and, still naked, opened the door to the nearby refrigerator.

Nice ass, she thought, gazing at his naked figure. He keeps himself fit. He should be really tasty.

"I may as well retire. It ain't gonna get no better than that," he said aloud to himself as he opened a beer. He tilted his head up and downed half the bottle, making crude noises in his throat as he swallowed. 

Matthew smiled, savoring the moment at the club when he had dared to tell the hot little stripper how he would violate her sweet, tender body with his blade. Her reaction had been completely unexpected, but incredibly erotic. He wished he could butcher her all over again. He took another swallow of beer.

Once you've had the best... he thought to himself, you might as well rest!

Behind him, Béla sat up and silently slid her mutilated body off the table. Gentle, dark eyes glowed from her scarred, knife-decorated face as she padded silently across the room toward him.

While setting the beer bottle on the sink, Matthew noticed a slight movement in the corner of his eye. He swirled around and found himself staring in horror at the bloody corpse of the young girl that he had just butchered, more terrified of it standing there than he was of actually dying.

Why are they always so frightened by their victims? Béla wondered curiously as she reached for him.

Matthew tried to scream, but couldn't draw a breath. He backed into the corner of the room, nearly toppling the refrigerator, as the gory apparition moved forward, lifting its arms to embrace him. Snarling, he tried to push the unnatural thing away, horrified by actually having to touch it. 

'What's wrong?' he heard in his mind. 'You didn't have any trouble touching me earlier...'

Gently wrapping her arms around his neck, Béla pulled herself up his body, smearing her blood on his freshly washed bare chest. She embraced him lovingly, then wrapped her legs around his waist. Filled with horror, violently slamming against walls and falling over chairs, Matthew struggled to get free. Her body was so slippery with her own blood that he couldn't get enough of a grip to dislodge her. 

He felt her hot breath on his skin as she laid her head on his shoulder. Her hair was cold and sticky with congealed blood. As her teeth sank into his neck, he began to shake convulsively. There was an incredible pain in his chest that arched down into his left arm.

I'm having a heart attack! he realized. I must be hallucinating. This can't be happening! It isn't possible!

Grabbing her wet, sticky hair with both hands, he pulled back on her head. Tightening her arms around his neck, she bit down harder. In his terror, he heard her growling protest, "MMNNooooo.... My turn now..." His feet slipped in fresh urine and his legs went out from beneath him.

Béla's teeth sank delicately into his neck and a contented sigh escaped her lips as the fresh, hot pulse of new life spurted into her mouth. She was so blissfully deep into her feeding that she scarcely noticed the impact of their entwined bodies crashing to the floor.

His heart beat painfully loud as his life-blood was sucked out of his body. His penis engorged itself in one final effort to survive, taking up its small amount of blood for a last procreative thrust. 

Béla felt the insistent pressure between her legs and moved herself to accommodate him. She gently slid herself over his growing member and rocked her pelvis back and forth while she fed.

Her lips forming a tight seal on his neck, she continued swallowing the hot, life-giving fluid as it spurted into her mouth and down her throat. 

His heart, finally depleted of blood, gave one final thump and stopped. His engorged penis convulsed several times as Béla received his final gift into her ravaged body. 

Rest in peace, Angela, she thought, licking the blood off her lips. He won't hurt anyone ever again.

She fell asleep on top of him, sated.