 "Hello Dave," she says. He didn't recognize her voice at first; it had changed slightly since they'd last talked. 

"Ruby?" He says into the receiver. 

"How've you been Dave?" She asks. 

"Not bad," he says, "How about you? What have you been up to?" 

"Oh lots of things," she stammers, "Always keeping myself busy." 

"Yeah, I'm sure," he says. "It's been too long since we talked Ruby." 

"Yes it has," she replies & there is a long silence between them. "So, I wondered if I could come in & get another piece done this evening?" She asks finally. 

"I'm going to need a couple hours to get some other things finished. Is 6pm alright? Or would you rather do it another day?" 

She shakes her head, "No, it has to be done today, I don't know that there would be another time." 

"Ok, 6 it is then." 

"Thank You," she says softly, pausing to take a deep breath, "I think this will be the last piece though Dave." He opened his mouth but couldn't think what to say. She was just a customer, it always ended sooner or later, she had walked out his door many times. This was different, before he always knew that she would be back sometime soon. Yet here she was telling him this would be for good. "Dave?" She says. 

Shaking his head, "I'm sorry to hear that Ruby, I really am." 

She didn't know how to answer him so she just said, "I'll see you at 6." He listens to the click of the line trying to disconnect for a long moment before hanging up. 

Her demeanor catches his attention from the start, she's cute & she knows it. He watches her for a bit, scrutinizing the designs & pictures hanging on the shop walls. Finally he approaches her & asks if he can help her. She smiles & nods, telling him that she has a distinct idea in her head about the tattoo she wants. He is all too happy to work with her to draw up something just how she wants it to look. She stands behind him as he works; he patiently erases & redraws where she asks him. She occasionally leans over his shoulder, her lithe body pressed against his back. She smells like warm vanilla, her vibrant red hair smelling of strawberries as it falls over them both. After a couple hours of her supervision he has the design drawn to her satisfaction. She flashes him an endearing smile & says, "Thanks you so much, this is exactly what I had in mind." 

"I'm guessing this is for when you turn 18?" He asks & she laughs, like bells chiming in the wind. 

"That's so sweet," she smiles, "You spent all this time working with me & didn't even think I'd get it done?" 

"It was nothing," he shrugs sheepishly, "I just thought of you as a future customer." 

"How much will this cost me?" She asks. 

"You can't be old enough to get a tattoo." He says with a slight frown. 

"I promise you, I am, " she says opening her purse & handing him her driver's license. He looks at the picture then reads the information on the ID card. 

"31?!" He gasps, "no, you can't be!" 

"Oh, I am," she nods. 

"Wow," is all he can answer looking at her. 

When the transfer is ready they get started on the fire design he's created for her lower back & the tops of her buttocks. She isn't the least bit shy, stripping off her pants without batting an eye. His hand trembles just a touch as he washes & shaves the area in preparation. He can't help but admire her firm rear before applying the transfer sheet to her skin. He makes sure the ink outline is clear, saying "Ok, all set now," as he picks up his gun & loads it with ink. He lays his hand on her back, her skin warm under his palm. In his experience ladies usually flinch or move away from the initial touch of the needle. He is quick & light with the first stroke of the needle, letting her adjust to its bite. She doesn't react at all, looking over her shoulder, her green eyes questioning him silently. He fully applies the needle to her flesh, all she lets out is a soft coo that he can't quite tell is pleasure or pain. Slowly the design emerges on her skin as he works. "Tell me how you've managed to stay so young looking?" He asks, re-inking the needle. 

"It's a disease," she breathes. 

"Really?" He asks, sitting up for a moment to look at her, "You don't look sick." 

She giggles, "I never got that.. How is sick supposed to look?" 

He chuckles, "Sorry, I shouldn't have said that." 

She glances over her shoulder at him & winks, "No harm done." He leans back down applying the ink to her flesh again. "Were you born with this?" 

She nods slightly,"Yes, its a very rare condition, I just don't age like everyone else does." 

Glancing up her body then back to his work, "Doesn't sound bad. Any drawbacks?" 

"Being carded all the time & having to argue that I'm old enough," she answers wryly, "but other than that, there aren't any until it progresses." 

"How long before it does that?" 

"I don't know really," she sighs, "Could be 20 years, could be 20 days. It's very uncertain."

The sound of the door breaks him from his reverie & he looks up at her in awe. Her cheeks flush as she stands uncertainly under his ardent gaze. She's changed a lot since he last saw her. Her body is still trim but no longer mocking gravity with its youthful suppleness. The softness around her hips only makes her more enticing to him. Silver & white streaks adorn her fiery red hair, which is now just brushing past her shoulders. There are tiny laugh lines on her face, giving faint hints to her age. "Quite a difference, isn't it?" She says softly. Hard to believe just 11 months ago this woman had him doubting she was older than 18. 

"Yes," he smiles, "I didn't think you could become even more beautiful." She laughs, like music to his ears, reminding him how much he's enjoyed her company. "I was sort of worried when you missed your last appointment," he said, "but since I have no number to reach you.." His voice trails off. 

"I know," she sighs, "I am sorry, I wasn't felling well & I didn't think to call until days later." 

He waves his hand at her, "No, its alright, you're here now." He cocks his head, watching her silently, waiting for her take charge persona. She smiles at him, suddenly feeling a bit awkward & nervous. She fidgets with her purse, unsure what to do with her hands or what to say. Mercifully he breaches the silence, "So what are we doing today?" 

Opening her purse she takes out a sheet of paper & hands it to him. "I'd like this tattooed along my lower back, just above the flames." 

He looks at the paper, thick black designs scrawl across the sheet. "Tribal? I didn't think this was your taste." 

"This has special significance for me. You will do it?" She asks, her eyes searching his. 

"Anything for you Ruby," he nods, "You know all you need to do is ask. Just let me get a transfer done up real quick." He says, gesturing towards his office. 

"Thanks," she smiles timidly. Turning to look at the new pictures on his wall as he walks away. She reaches out & straightens a frame, looking thoughtfully at the familiar photo.

She pulls her shirt off so he can do the newest tattoo work on her sides. Turning her head she catches him staring at her mouth agape. "I know you've seen a lot of them before," she giggles teasingly, shaking her shoulders playfully. His face flushes a rosy shade as he laughs & turns to get the inks set up. 

"Ok, we're ready," he grins at her. She gets settled in on the table as he grabs the last couple things he needs. "Ruby," he gasps & she looks at him quizzically. "What happened to your back?" He asks staring at the large bandage covering her back, his eyes clouded with concern. 

"Its a birthmark," she says matter-of-factly, "Sometimes it gets a little tender & I have to coat it with creme is all." 

He looks at her & asks, "Does it hurt much?" 

"No, it doesn't hurt really," she says, "Just gets sensitive." He sits down, his hand resting lightly on her side as he prepares her skin & then does the transfer. Being as gentle as he can he begins the tattooing, always careful not to bump into the bandages for fear of causing her discomfort. "Dave?" She says, faltering for the words. 

"Yes?" 

"I need to tell you something about my disease." 

"Like what Ruby?" He asks, noticing a change in her. 

"When it gets farther along," she hesitates, "I'll start aging quickly." 

"As if your body is trying to catch up with itself?" He asks, the needle poised in his hand. She could only nod, her voice failing her. Neither of them spoke, only the droning buzz of the gun filled the room. 

"I wasn't sure if you'd want that picture up," he says stepping up behind her, "but I never got the chance to ask you." 

She smiles weakly, wiping her eyes, "It's fine. The tattoo turned out perfect." 

"Everything is ready now," he says & she nods. 

"Alright, lets get started," she says unable to meet his eyes. 

"Ruby?" He calls as she reaches the door. 

"Yes?" She says turning to look at him. 

"Would you..." He clears his throat, "Would you have dinner with me?" 

She shakes her head "Why didn't you ask sooner?" She says dejectedly, "I can't, not now, it's too late." 

"Its' not too late," he answers gesturing towards the clock. 

"Dave," she sighs forlornly, "I'm not talking about time of day." 

Running his hand through his hair he looks down dispirited. "Ok Ruby, let's get your tattoo done." He sighs, turning his back to her, "Have a seat, I'll be right there." She wavers for a moment, chewing her lip looking at him, her stomach knotting up nervously. Crossing her arms she turns & goes to the small inking room. 

Shaking her head, trying to regain her composure, muttering to herself, "There's no time.. just no time.. I can't risk it." The pitch of her voice spiking as she fights off the hysterical tears. Taking a ragged heaving breath, she wipes the fresh tears from her eyes. "I can do this," she whispers taking a few more minutes to collect herself. 

Ruby lies down on the table, pulling her shirt up just high enough for him to work. His fingers brush over the red marks along her spine & she flinches not realizing he was there. "Your birthmark has changed." He says. 

"Yes, its been doing that since I started showing my age." She answers, a touch of sadness in her tone. He traces the edge lightly & she shivers. "Dave, please," she implores. He looks up at her, seeing a somewhat broken creature compared to the Ruby he has known. Transferring the design to her back rather efficiently he gets situated with his needle & ink. Somberly he works on the thick black design, wondering what has happened to the woman before him. She stays quiet through the whole process, wrestling with her own thoughts & emotions.

"I need to get some tape, I'll be right back," he says as he helps her sit up. He steps out of the room & she moves up to the large mirror on the wall. She turns to look over her shoulder at the reflection, a smile touching her cheeks. He stops in the doorway, regarding her silently while she admires her newest adornment. Crossing the room he pulls her to him, she leans back in his arms, her eyes wide with surprise. He kisses her firmly, her lips smoldering under his arduous mouth, silencing any protests. 

She softens momentarily then pushes him back, tearing her mouth from his. "We can't do this Dave," she gasps, "Its not a good time." 

Catching her hand, his arm holding her still, he kisses her palm before countering. "Why not now Ruby? What better time could there be?" 

"Look at me Dave," she insists stepping away from him, "Can't you tell that I'm falling apart? I don't even know how much time I have left." She whimpers, the corners of her mouth tugging down as she hugs herself & turns away. 

"I know Ruby," he says moving closer, "You've told me all about it." Gripping her arms gently, turning her to face him. "Doesn't that give you even more reason that now is what we have, what we need to take?" He asks. She scarcely breathes looking solemnly at him, searching his eyes. He pulls her back into his arms, squeezing her warmly, his fingers stroking her hair. She holds herself rigid, trying not to yield to his embrace. His lips touch her ear & she sighs, burrowing deeper into him. "My beautiful Ruby," he purrs in her ear, "I love you, I've loved you for so long. I only want to hold you as long as I can." She sobs quietly into his shoulder, her arms finding their way round him, clinging tightly. He sways softly, murmuring soothing words in her ear as if his voice could take away any pains. His hands continually moving over her back, neither of them thinking of anything beyond their encircled arms. Gradually she relaxes, letting his touch take away her anxieties. 

Unconsciously she presses her body against his, her lips finding the side of his throat. Her fingers crumpling the soft cotton of his shirt, laying wet kisses on his quickening pulse. He moans as her teeth scrape his jaw line, her mouth moving hotly over his. She kisses him hungrily, her leg hooking around his hip, pulling him closer. His hands shift tentatively to her waist, dumbstruck at her sudden response. She moans as his fingers slip under the front of her shirt, grazing the silken skin of her stomach. Their tongues entwine as he moves more confidently, his fingers tugging down the lacy fabric of her bra. He palms her breast, the nipple stiffening under his hand. Kissing a path down her cheek, his mouth dipping to her neck. Untangling himself from her limbs he drops to his knees in front of her. Eagerly pushing her shirt up, his lips capturing her exposed nipple, rolling the other between his fingers. Looking down at his head nestled against her chest, trembling with desire for him as he teases her. Sharp bites mingling with long sucks on her nipples, kneading her breasts firmly. His hand moves up under her skirt, his thumb stroking her thigh. "Your skin is so hot," he mumbles around her nipple. 

She whimpers pulling away from him a bit. She gasps & flinches as his fingertips brush along her panties. "Dave," she breathes, hesitation flirting in her tone & he groans. Kissing her exposed stomach as his fingers rub along her damp panties. The scent of her seething pussy only entices him further. Urgently he yanks her skirt up out of the way, tugging on the crotch of her panties. He rips off the flimsy material before she can even think. She squeals as he thrusts his face into her pussy. His thick tongue probing her velvety pink folds greedily, growling in frustration. He retreats long enough to guide her backwards until her ass is resting against the desk. Coaxing her up on the desktop he spreads her legs, his breath warm on her quivering slit. Burying his face in her pussy he licks & nibbles lustily. 

She mewls as his tongue flutters over her clit teasingly. Her leg curls around his shoulder as she slumps back against the wall. Parting her lips with his fingers he focuses on her clit causing her to writhe & moan. Lapping up her juices as he slides his fingers deep inside her. Stroking his fingers steadily in & out of her pussy, holding her clit between his teeth. Flicking his tongue over her bud, biting enough to send slivers of pain with the pleasure. Her pussy clenches his fingers as a small orgasm ripples through her body. Sucking & tonguing her clit, slurping her juices madly as she bucks under him. Gasping she pushes him away from her, leaning over to kiss him deeply. 

Pulling his shirt up as he stands, both of them fumbling to take it off him. She looks down at his bare chest, his array of body art is breathtaking. Over his heart is a newer piece, a sunburst of flames with a red stone design in its center. She traces the tattoo delicately & he breathes, "That's my ruby," She looks into his eyes then back at the sanguine gemstone. Reverently she presses her lips to his tattoo, lifting her face to his she kisses him fiercely. He grapples with his pants, trying to get them off without losing her kiss. She hooks her fingers in his underwear, pulling back to smile saucily as she sinks down. He steps out of the briefs, she stays knelt in front of him long enough lick along his shaft. He gasps feeling the heat of her tongue on his cock, quickly snaking around his balls then back to the crown. Standing back up she pushes her skirt over her hips letting it fall to the floor around her feet. He wraps her in his arms, kissing her hungrily, squeezing her tight as if never to let her go. Yielding to his ambitious embrace, hands climbing his chest, her body molding receptively to him. Reluctantly breaking their kiss, she pushes him back & he turns to see where the table is behind him. They both step together, unwilling to separate as he leads them to it. He attempts to lift her to the table but she stops him.

"You first," she says huskily & he grins a moment before climbing up. She follows him up, sitting by his feet just looking at him for a time. 

"Ruby," he begs before she finally moves. Leaning over his body, her face skimming just over him, letting him feel the tickle of her breath. The ends of her hair dance along his legs as she moves to his pulsing cock. He shivers when she blows on the head, moaning as her feverous mouth engulfs him. Her hand grasps his cock, milking him as her tongue delves into the slit seeking his precum. Pushing his cock up, impetuously trying to go deeper in her mouth. She puts her hands on his hips, holding him down. Her eyes glimmer as she looks up at him, her tongue languidly circling the head of his cock. Holding his gaze she slides her mouth agonizingly slow down his turgid shaft. He groans encouraging her as she tantalizes him, his fingers wrapping in her hair. She lifts her face to look at him again, rubbing her cheek against his slick cock. 

Crawling up the table she straddles him, his cock nudging the apex of her pussy. They kiss, tongues touching & caressing in an intense kiss. She sits back, his hands sliding down her body as she raises up. Wiggling her ass, the crown of his cock wedging farther in between her slippery lips. Reaching behind her back & unhooking her bra, his fingers digging into her lush hips. Swiftly she drops onto his cock, impaling herself with a rush of air from her lungs. Holding her fiercely, he locks her sex to his, relishing each twinge of their passion. His nails mark her skin, tiny red crescents bright on her pale skin. Willfully she pulls from his grip, growling as his cock tugs from inside of her. Determinedly she plunges to the hilt on his shaft, squealing as the head rams her inner walls. Her eyes glitter lustfully as she strokes rhythmically, taking command of their pace. Her ass & thighs flexing as she rides his cock wildly. 

He pulls her shirt up over her head, hauling her bra with it & tossing them aside. His hands slink along her sides, following her hips as she rises & falls on top of him. Groaning with pleasure he thrusts up into her sweltering velvet center. Her strong muscles milking him as she takes his cock fully inside her. His hands find her breasts, squeezing them firmly, massaging her soft flesh. Looking at her over him, the lust written on her face, her eyes almost glowing. Flinching as her fingernails dig into his chest & she leans down. Kissing deeply, their tongues caressing the recesses of each other's mouth. He wraps his arms around her, holding her tight to him, reluctant to let go of her lips. Sitting up with her, his mouth still clasped to hers until she pulls free. She shifts slightly, spreading her legs wider & resting her hands on his shoulders. Using the leverage she renews her feverish bouncing, beads of sweat glistening on her forehead. His head rolls back, eyes closing, he growls as she grinds on his lap. Her fingers curl in his hair, she lifts him up to her covetous mouth. 

His eyes flicker open, his gaze touching the mirror over her shoulder before closing again to revel in their passion. Hands moving up her back brushing the raised skin of the birthmark she's kept so hidden. Pulling his mouth from hers, kissing & biting the curve of her throat. Looking up, his mouth slipping away to watch her in the mirror. Watching his hands slide up, fingers tracing the edges of the red flesh spread over her back. She purrs approvingly, her fingers still clasping his hair, holding him close. His cock twitches inside her & he knows he won't last much longer. Even as he bucks up under her he can't take his eyes from her reflection. The pattern of her birthmark mesmerizes him, the phoenix is as distinct as if he'd tattooed it there himself. Her teeth seize his earlobe & he flinches coming out of his daze. Looking into her eyes he breathes, "Ruby, it's as beautiful as you are." Confusion clouds her face until she remembers the mirror, tears springing to her eyes. "No," he coos kissing her tears away then claiming her mouth with his. 
