 1)

The Tattooist's needle cut through the skin of my cock as it traced the infernal pattern I had sketched. I ignored the pain as I mumbled the incantation that made the specially prepared designs and inks powerful and ready for the tasks they were to do and the changes that were to mold my body into an instrument of damnation and corruption. Every inch of the skin of my balls, the shaft of my cock and the head of my cock were incised with runes and magic numbers. Breathing heavily he sat back in his chair after finishing the tattoo at the tip of my cock. 

Already I felt my cock grow hard and heavy as the magical runes gave me the strength and stamina for what I had planned. Satisfied with the work I offered him the money I had agreed to pay. It was with difficulty I tucked my hard cock into my trousers. It was useful to use the cock ring through my shaft to tie it to the leg of my trousers.

"That must have hurt man," the Tattooist said as he reached for the money I had offered him.

I smiled as he took the cash and with a swift firm stroke split the flesh of his throat with the straight razor I had taken from my pocket. He gurgled as the bright red blood fountained into the air until he crashed theatrically to the ground twitching a few times before being still. I hummed as I cleaned and washed his body with the cleaning alcohol and thoroughly cleaned the room. I had long before determined to leave no witnesses to the deal I had made with the infernal powers. My cock throbbed and demanded attention and I decided to try its newly enhanced condition.

Not thinking I closed the shop and walked towards the shopping centre nearby. I felt my cock pulse strongly and realised that it was leading to the first of my novices. I thought on what I had done, how I had learnt of this spell and that it would give me power and wealth. Even more it would give me dominion over the snivelling people who had denied me the right to be powerful. 

Now I would trap lives and souls for the infernal powers with my cock. I felt stares in my back as I passed shoppers and I felt their aroused lusts but they were not the one I wanted. I felt their needs slide away from me and then I saw her.

She was a small, slim woman in her thirties. There was the feel of tiredness that comes from mothers of small children and of unmet dreams and passions. Her mousy brown hair was firmly tamed into a bun and she wore clothes that covered her body from her small breasts to her skinny buttocks and legs. I looked at her and saw instead someone aching to be corrupted and brought into the dark paths. I saw her struggle with her groceries to her car and I followed. As she tried to open the boot I felt my mind reach out and pull the trolley from her hands. She gasped as the trolley started to move but I stopped it and smiled at her.

With my smile I held her gaze and felt her passions and lusts flame. I helped her put her groceries into the car and just as she was about to close the boot I touched her hand. The sound of the slamming of the boot was perhaps also the sound of her lusts exploding. Her eyes widened and she groaned. Pulling her to one side of the car I kissed her brutally thrusting my tongue deeply into her drooling mouth.

There was the sound of ripping cloth as I pulled open her shirt and pushed up her bra. I took the brown nipples into my fingers and pulled hard at them, they responded quickly and they rolled so nicely between my fingers. She gasped in shock but she wanted the pain and the pleasure I was bringing her. I saw her hands sneak beneath her jeans and I allowed one hand to slide to the crotch and the buttons of the fly. 

"Take them off," I demanded and she slipped them down her legs exposing the full white knickers that wrapped about her now swollen cunt. I saw the dampness there and smelt her need as I touched her between her legs. I looked into her eyes and I saw the confusion and shame there as she must have realised that people could see us but above all I saw the lust that burnt in her eyes. Lust that made her my slave.

" Suck me off slut." I commanded and she slipped to her knees before me.

With confident fingers I exposed my cock to her and then felt her lips wrap about the head of my tattooed flesh. I pumped the cock in and out of her lips with demonic energy and firmness. I felt her mouth suck on me, her lips act like another cunt and she moaned as she pinched her breasts and rubbed at her hairy cunt beneath the heavy cotton cloth. I gloried in making her act like a slut and felt that it was time to take her cunt. I knew that only her husband had ever been there and now she was going to betray him with me.

Pulling my cock from her mouth I jerked her to her feet and twirled her around to face the car. I ripped her knickers from her body. They tore with a pleasing resistance and then I threw the shreds of the damp cotton onto the car's hood. Then brutally I pushed her body over the hood and parted her legs forcefully. I saw the black-haired cunt dripping with juice. I also saw the brown puckered hole of her ass. I thought about fucking her in the ass but decided I would do that on another occasion. Instead I would fuck her in her cunt, make her beg for her orgasms and please the fat clit I felt between her legs.

With a ferocity of purpose I pushed my cock deep into the eager cunt offered to me and was rewarded with her crying aloud as her orgasm shattered whatever self-control she had. The ring on the shaft of my cock touched and massaged her clit and she came as she had never cum before. All those inhibitions that she had held to fell away from her as I rammed my cock into her cunt again and again. She ached for my hard cock in her, she screamed in pleasure as I took her hard and fast. As I fucked her I pulled her hair and reaching under her pulled cruelly at her nipples. She wept with the pleasure she felt as my cock thrust in and out of her body ripping away that false innocence and morality she had clung to. 

The eldritch tattoos on my cock pulsed and I felt her passions strike deep into her soul bringing her willing under the control of my Masters and I felt their unholy glee as with each orgasm she became theirs. Then it was my turn to cry out as my orgasm boomed through my body and gave me the sweet pleasure of both her submission and my pleasure. I felt my cock hose her cunt with more cum than I had thought possible for me to have but in the end I stopped and I shook the remaining drops onto her ass as I pushed my cock into my trousers. 

Looking at her bent form over the car, my cum slipping along her thighs and her jeans about her ankles I felt the joy of an artist with the completion of his work. 

I bent down and asked for her address which she gave to me readily. Then standing I saw the men who had watched us. There amongst them I saw a rough looking man whose whole body spoke of violence and I walked up to him leaving my weeping victim by her car. He glowered at me as I approached him but I felt my mind cooling his anger.

"She's a real slut and would like more fucking. She likes it rough think you can help her?" I asked and felt his lust break free. 

He smiled at me and walked to the woman next to her car and unzipped his fly. Dazed she looked at him until he grabbed her by the hair and pushed his cock deeply into her mouth. Soon she began to suck and lick at the cock in her mouth and she felt another man behind her open her ass cheeks as he guided his cock to her cum dripping cunt. 

Turning away I saw another ten men ready themselves to take her after the two having her finished.

2)

I reentered the shopping centre after my little escapade in the car park and felt for more willing women to corrupt. Then I felt her pass me, I looked around and saw a woman in her forties enter a clothes shop. She had a classical beauty that you can only see in older women but what truly attracted me was her arrogance, her pride that shone out like a great beacon to me. I saw her looking at various skirts and blouses as a timid mousy shop assistant tried to assist the woman her blonde hair nodding or shaking as she looked at what was on offer. 

The anger and rage on the shop assistant was a palpable feeling to me and I entered the shop that was empty of all except these two. The shop assistant fled to me as I entered and I looked into the soul of a scared mouse that hid behind glasses with square frames. I touched her hand as she brought me a blouse that I asked for, I felt the blonde woman grow angry behind us. 

With my touch the shop assistant moved at my unspoken command and closed the shop. I wanted us to be alone for what I was planning. I felt my cock strain to be released as it grew hard again for my desire and its need to corrupt and spread its lust. As the assistant closed the shop I walked to the other woman and with a firm glance quietened her. Standing next to her she stood paralysed as I opened her shirt to expose two milky white breasts covered in white silk. I felt more than saw the assistant join us and we moved off into a small changing room.

I looked at both of them and felt my cock pulse again in irregular time as it wove its spell deeply into their souls. I knew that their cunts were wet and that they would do anything to have my magic enhanced cock inside them. I felt the other woman behind me and I wondered how I could humble this arrogant woman before me. My she was proud almost as proud as the woman behind me was filled with her anger. Then I realised that the instrument of her humiliation was behind me.

Turning sharply I spoke to the assistant," Strip her naked."

I felt the frustration and humiliation of the older woman as the younger one slipped the open shirt and bra off her shoulders and then unzip the black pencil skirt allowing it to drop to the floor exposing a pair of black silk panties that hugged her cunt snugly. I was glad that she did not wear any stockings. Silently the woman bit her lip as her panties were pushed down her body and over her feet. I watched as her hairless cunt and her prominent slit were exposed. I pulled her into the closed shop proper and made her stand before the mirrors naked. 

My cock felt excruciating, I wanted to slake its hunger by thrusting it into this beautiful naked cunt but as I remembered my plan I decided that I would enjoy that far more than pleasure that would be more fleeting and I would soon sink it into a willing receptacle. At first the older woman tried to hide her body but I commanded her to show herself off to us and her natural lusts took over as they were freed by the aura that I exuded and that caught her in an invisible web.

As she performed she cavorted and played in front of us with increased skill and lewdness. She opened her legs and pulled open her cuntlips offering herself to me. She touched her clit now fat and juicy like a ripe strawberry. I felt the other woman sway to the unheard beat of the lust in the air and perhaps I had a tight smile on my lips as I waited for the time to come.

"Enough, go over to the bench there and lay over it so that your ass and cunt are open to the touch," I smiled broadly as she danced to the bench and bent over it.

Her lips glistened with juice and were opened as she stretched her legs out exposing both holes to us. I examined her carefully weighing her firm cheeks and admiring the swollen wet lips. Looking at the bright red cunt inner lips and the clean puckered asshole that was being offered I felt my cock twinge at the thought of thrusting it deeply into either or perhaps both holes one after each other. I whispered for her to play with her clit and her fingers ravaged it in an effort to give herself pleasure.

How she tried to make herself cum but I had made it impossible for her to cum without my permission though I felt my power enhance and arouse her body fiercely. Turning a little I touched the other woman who stood enthralled by my side and whispered my instructions. She wiped spittle from her mouth and with ferocious eyes walked towards the woman playing with herself. As she moved on her helpless prey she picked up something from the desk. 

She stopped as she looked down at the woman who had been so haughty a mere ten minutes before, I watched as she breathed deeply and felt her anger rise as she lifted her arm and brought down the wooden brush with a resounding thwack across the older woman's ass. There was a cry and the woman tried to move but could not. I held her with my will and began to pump my cock slowly as I watched this woman spanked the older lust-filled woman bent across the padded bench. 

It was so arousing to watch her ass turn red, I felt the pain and mingled it with pleasure so that she felt that confusion of arousal and submission that makes it pleasurable to many. I heard the other woman call her harsh, demeaning names that sank deeply into her soul. Names such as slut and whore, and more names that she agreed to in her mind and made her more ashamed and yet more aroused. 

Oh how she enjoyed her humiliation and I allowed her a small cum that would hint of the orgasms to follow. The younger woman slowed as her arm grew tired and I guided the brush to the open dripping cunt and reversing it. Then the woman thrust the handle into the dripping cunt. As she fucked the woman with the brush she twisted it as she thrust it in and out of the hot orifice. Releasing my control a little the older woman screamed as she came and came and then came some more. 

To reach the cunt the shop assistant had bent over the body of her customer and I walked to stand behind her and pulled her panties and skirt to the floor exposing another thickly fleeced cunt this time it was a light brown. Pulling up her shirt I exposed her small breasts, naked and tipped with hard pink nipples. Then I stopped them and arranged their bodies so that they would be more pleasing to my eyes. I lay the older woman along the bench facing upwards her legs parted and with her ass over the end. The younger woman above her with her cunt grinding against the mouth beneath it. The older woman's tongue piercing the depths of the hot liquid hole and lashing the hidden clit of the younger woman.

Yet most satisfying was the sound that brush handle made as wet with cunt juice and cum was thrust deeply into the older woman's ass. I had heard the tight piercing cry as the virginity of her ass was taken for the first time and then how that had changed to grunts of pleasure as I set them deeply into a spell of unlimited orgasms. As they lost themselves in the pleasure that took them. 

As I watched I felt my cum rush out and drip onto the carpet and felt the wonderful pleasure flow through my body and soul. Sighing with satisfaction I tucked my cock into my trousers and looked once at the two women enjoying such a lovely time opened the door to return to the mall. I left the door open and the shop lit and was happy to see a young blonde girl walk into the shop.

I was even more pleased when I heard the scream of mother pierce the air.