 The sequel to Tattoos of Lust

1

My first day as an instrument of chaos and damnation and already I had unleashed the fires of lust and libido on so many, my body tingled with energy. Energy that had come from those I had led to their own lust and depravity. As I came and felt them cum some part of them seemed to find itself to me and to my dark Masters who were sharing this power with me. Already I felt no need of food, I felt my body grow and change with each lust that I unleashed. I glanced in a window and the man who looked back at me though similar was different.

Somehow I was more handsome, my body was harder and fitter. I knew that I would be forever bound to the need to create and unleash chaos and lust but I felt a thrill with that thought. I had become a predator upon the bleating sheep that were once my fellow people. People who hurried and moved about me unaware of the monster in their midst. As I looked at them I could see how grey they were. Only every now and again I saw colour about someone and it was to them I was drawn. That colour meant that they were filled with a lust, passion or sin that allowed me to take control of their minds.

I felt my body change, I no longer felt a physical hunger but a hunger that could never end in my soul, that could be slaked for a brief time as I took those who drew me and freed their darker passions. No longer did I require sleep or toilets only a bed to throw someone against and create the depravity I wanted. Now I felt my hunger grow strong and I realised that there must be someone near to me that would be what I wanted. 

Looking about me I saw a small coffee shop and as I looked at it I felt my body desire what was inside. I cock pulsed and twisted in the prison of my trousers as though it wanted to be released from its prison. So I quickly walked to the door and entered. 

There was no one here except a young woman who glanced up resentfully from her magazine. The white makeup and greasy black hair marked her for a Goth. Still from what I saw of her body was attractive enough. Her breasts were small but she was slim. Lazily she rose and walked to me. Oh how slovenly she moved, how slothfully and she barely tried to hide her anger at doing anything. She took me to a corner table that could barely be made out in the dirty dimness of the shop and I made my order for coffee.

I seated myself and released my cock from its uncomfortable gaol and waited for her to return with what dregs I do not even care to try and imagine but I was not here for coffee but for another refreshment. She returned barely acknowledging I existed until I touched her hand. Her head whipped so that she could look at me and I looked deeply into her soul. She shuddered but was mine.

"Would you like to earn ten dollars?" I asked softly.

The avarice flared quickly in her eyes and she nodded. 

"You look like a real cock-sucker. I bet your good babe, I want you to suck my cock," I demanded, any reservations and inhibitions vanished as she looked at my cock. 

Hypnotised by its power she touched it and I felt my body quiver.

" Its so lovely," she whispered and traced the line of runes from the tip to the base.

"Suck it off, I want you sucking me now cock-sucker ," I instructed her sharply.

As she leant towards the hard pierced flesh I stopped her, "No I want you to play with your tits and cunt as you suck me off. Show me what you look like cock-sucker."

I placed a ten dollar note on the table and she watched it intently as my powers made her unleash her lusts and deep dreams. I knew that she loved cock in her mouth but had always made her men and boyfriends beg her. With me she could not beg but only be the slut she wanted to be in her deepest dreams. She exposed two small firm breasts and I brought her close to me. I licked sensually around her nipple and she groaned at the touch. 

After the pleasure I bit into the firm flesh making the little trollop squeal with the pain. I looked at her and saw with delight that her panties were down at her ankles and that a hand was working furiously at her cunt lips. Placing both hands on her shoulders I pushed her to her knees and opened my legs allowing her to see my cock. 

Looking down at it I thought it was magnificent. It was hard, strong and powerful. The runes seemed to move and change as you looked at them and I felt the anticipation as the girls thin lips touched the tip of my cock. My hands reached to her head and wrapping her hair about my fingers I pushed her down my cock. Her lips slipped down the wedge that was my head opening them and stretching them about its hot flesh. Her tongue slid along the slit and about my tender flesh. Yes she was good and she sucked expertly on me.

"What a good cock-sucker you are, you really are expert at this," I panted as she pumped my cock between her lips. 

I thought about making her deep throat me but why rush an expert and she was most expertly suckling on my cock. Her lips were sliding up and down my flesh and every now and again she would suck my tattooed balls. I watched her as she did this and she was pumping her fingers energetically in and out of her cunt in obvious delight. She even pinched her nipples exciting them more. She was obviously enjoying herself and I felt her cum as she sucked harder at my cock.

Instead of pinching her small tits she stroked and caressed the shaft of my cock and balls. She was one of the best cock-teases I had ever enjoyed and I felt that familiar tightness in my balls before cuming.

"Yesssss!!!" I cried as my cum shot through my cock and into her mouth. 

I watched as she swallowed each drop that shot into her throat and with my enhanced abilities my cum was thick and copious. Some slipped from the corner of her mouth but that did not stop her from sucking harder and stroking my cock more energetically to get more of my cum into her mouth. Yet I stopped though I realised that I could have cum for hours. 

Frustrated she continued to pump her cum-stained fingers into her cunt as I pushed her away from my well-sucked cock. I smiled into her face and pushed the ten dollars into her mouth. 

"You are really wasted here, you should suck every man's cock you can find. Make them pay for you since you are worth it," As I spoke I stroked her hair and throat gently feeling my power flowing into her making her want this above anything else. She nodded as I spoke and I knew that whenever she met a man she would want to take his cock into her mouth. It would not matter he was dirty or disgusting all she would want would be his cock in her mouth and she was cheap at $10 for her trouble.

Satisfied I stood and dressed as she reluctantly dressed and smoothed the money that she had taken from her mouth. As I left some workmen came into the shop and I knew that today they would supply the cream.

2

I felt so alive and powerful, there was nothing I could not do with the powers I had been granted, I wanted, no needed a challenge, the other woman had been so easy to corrupt, to make into the slut she truly was, as I walked I watched for my next prey. 

Then I saw them. So young and innocent, they must have been eighteen and so obviously in love. They reeked of wholesome purpose as they walked out of the Bible Book Shop hand in hand and giggled inanely. I felt their virginity and their chastity and it drove a deep rage into my heart. Even as they walked in the innocence I felt their deeply hidden lust and desires. I saw their dark dreams and perversions and laughed softly. This would be so satisfying as I ripped from them their futile innocence.

I followed them until they walked away from the mall and stepped to their car.

"Excuse me can you tell me the way to the bus stop?" I asked and then touched the elbow of the girl and then the boy. 

They struggled a little as my thought flooded their minds and even tried to take strength from the crosses at their necks but against their own dreams and passions they had no strength and they drove me to the girl's house quickly. I felt the emptiness of the house as we walked to his parent's room. How appropriate I thought as they stripped naked for me, they would be deflowered where so much life began. 

I made them stand naked before me and touch each other in the most lewd manner they could think of, I would have laughed at the inexperienced caresses but for the fact it increased my power over them. 

The girl was a mousy thing but had pert firm breasts and nipples that screamed to be touched and make to stand up. Her ass was soft and sensual and her cheeks begged to have a spanking but that was not what I intended at this moment. He had the body of a football player, hard and strong and well able to inflict and take pain.

I felt their arousal and as I watched them I felt the darker passions that flowed through them and that attracted me to them. They waited as I held them in my dark weave. I smiled as I removed my clothes and I heard them gasp as they saw my cock. It had grown, become stronger, longer and wider. I wondered if in the end all I would be was a huge cock that would be worshipped and bring out those hidden lusts in those who professed their innocence. I shook my head I did not think the ones I had given my service to would want to have me change so soon. 

I took my cock firmly in my hand and began to stroke my fingers along the flesh feeling the wonderful pleasure climbed through my nerves into my body. They watched me and were silent. The boy first I decided and I saw his desire and smiled mirthlessly at him. I fanned his fantasy and felt it grow in his mind. It sprouted and grew like an ivy in a garden throttling the more decorative gentle species until it filled his mind completely.

"Get dressed," I whispered and he skipped to the wardrobe as he felt his fantasy about to be met.

Satisfied that he would need no assistance as he stepped into the bathroom with the clothes he had chosen I turned to the girl. Her mind boiled and surged with hidden depths and shadows. I turned her face into mind and as I bent towards her lips I saw fires burn deeply in her pupils. She parted her legs, oh how she wanted to be taken and I saw her most wicked thought and knew that she must live it this day. 

"Your a very naughty girl aren't you?" I said slowly.

As I spoke the magic words she had wanted to hear her face lit up into a big smile which was quickly replaced with a look of shame as she realised that she was acting happily at my words.

"Yes," she whispered as she let her head sink to her chest, her breasts moved up and down delightfully as she breathed.

"What did you say? I did not hear you," I spoke cruelly.

"I said yes I am a naughty girl," she said again.

"How are you naughty?" I probed, I knew the answer but I wanted her to tell me and feel the shame of it.

"I want to fuck a man with a cock," again she whispered.

"Speak up girl I can't hear you," again I pushed her and she looked at me defiantly and spoke again.

"I want to fuck a man with my cock and spank him," this time she was clear and forthright. 

I smiled as she spoke and moved to her, I took her breasts in my hands and allowed my thumbs to excite her nipples as I looked into her eyes. Eyes that now shone with lust. I saw her mouth open as she almost wanted my lips to press against her. What a delightful combination I thought she had the appearance of a submissive girl but deeper within her was the rage of a dominant dyke. A rage that I fanned with my mind and I spoke again.

"That is very perverted, are you a pervert?" I asked contemptuously.

"Yes," this time she was almost proud of her desires and I smiled as her boyfriend entered the room.

I turned her to see the dressed man. She gasped since he wore her clothes, in a short skirt and halter top that barely covered his chest and with his face made up badly he looked ridiculous but he smiled with pure joy at being dressed as he wished. I felt the dismay and then the anger that rushed through her body and reaching about her I punched one of her nipples and rubbed my hand through the brown hair on her cunt finding her lips and clit easily. My cock rubbed between her full ass cheeks. 

"Look at her she is a slut isn't she? I whispered into her ear as I felt her wet cunt open to my fingers. I felt her hard clit and pinched it gently feeling the gentle shudder that went through her body telling me that she had cum.

"I bet she would love to be fucked," I continued," You could fuck her."

As I spoke her boyfriend simpered and capered before us his hairy legs so apparent through the tan stockings he wore. I knew that she felt horror and contempt for the man before her and I summoned from the air a tool for her lust and rage. I knelt behind her and she stepped into the harness that I fixed firmly to her hips. She now had her cock, an eight inch pink plastic strap-on that pressed against her clit.

"Look at her. Do her, stick your cock into her cunt."

"Cunt? she asked woodenly.

"Yes the hole between her legs," I explained.

Then she stood at attention and spoke to him," Get over here slut and suck me off!"

The capering boy stopped and dragged himself over to his dominating girlfriend and knelt before her allowing her to stick the well lubricated shaft into his mouth. With the plastic in his mouth she pumped it in and out of his mouth the red lipstick rubbing off onto the plastic. Sometimes he gagged as she pushed the hard shaft deep into his mouth and into his throat. I saw tears in his eyes as he looked into the face of his girlfriend, a face that was a hard as flint. 

She pulled the strap-on out of his mouth quickly and walked to the bed.

"Get over here slut," she coldly ordered him. He looked uncomfortable as he came and she told him to bend over and touch his toes. 

I saw her look of complete disdain as she pulled up his skirt to expose two tightly muscled white ass cheeks with a red thong that cut them in half. I saw her stroke the cheeks and then she slapped her hand hard onto the flesh. There was a sharp yelp from her boyfriend as he tried to stand.

"Be still slut!!" she commanded in a voice that brooked no rebellion. 

He returned to his position and satisfied she began to thoroughly spank the ass on offer. I smiled as she pummelled his virgin ass, what was most satisfying was to hear her abuse the man who was so thoroughly under her control. What a little Mistress I thought, soon you will be finding leathers to wear and he will be wearing a nice little maid's outfit. As she spanked his ass I touched and played with her ass. How tight she felt, I could feel her cunt throb with pent up desire and need. Soon I thought, soon I will fuck your lovely tight virgin ass.

"You pathetic little worm," she abused him as she spanked his ass to a brilliant shade of red.

Each slap sent a sound like a shot through the air as the boy moved his ass with the sensation of pain and the growth of his arousal. Feeling his shame as his cock grew hard I whispered into her ear.

"See how he likes your punishment. His cock is hard. Why don't you fuck him in his virgin ass?" I whispered, I wondered if this was what the snake felt as he tempted Eve into biting into that apple.

Reaching around her body I dripped oil upon his ass. Her hands quickly followed caressing, soothing and opening his cheeks allowing her to see the puckered hole that she wanted, he groaned with pleasure as she touched and angered she slapped his ass again.

"Did I tell you that you could enjoy yourself slut?" she said coldly," You like that don't you?" 

As she asked him she oiled a finger and thrust it into his asshole opening it expertly as she satisfied one of her fantasies. He did not answer but merely wiggled his ass in an effort to move it deeper into his body. She laughed in cruel delight as she played with his ass and crushed his balls in her other hand. As I watched them I oiled my cock and cradled her ass opening it preparing her for my cock. I heard his whimpers as I oiled my cock and her ass crack thoroughly.

"You want me in your ass don't you?" Hearing no answer she slapped his ass again and repeated her question," You want my cock in your ass, don't you slut? Beg me for it you little cock-sucker."

"Please Cathy, please fuck me in my ass," he spoke softly like a young innocent girl he even had a delightful lisp.

"Well you are lucky slut. I will fuck you in your hole. So start playing with that small thing you call your clit little girl because your about to get fucked by an expert."

Taking the oil she slathered it all over the plastic and pressed it against his ass-hole. She pressed mercilessly and though he tried to open the sphincter it could barely take the tip. I held myself behind her and pressed my cock between her smooth cheeks touching her hole and feeling a warmth spread from my cock to her body. I knew more than felt her ass opening my power relaxing her but I was determined to fuck her when she fucked her boyfriend. 

"It's too much. I can't take it Cathy, please your hurting me," he lisped, his voice was high as he felt her implacably push against his hole.

Sweat ran down her breasts to fall from her hard nipples as she felt the oiled plastic move slowly into his body. Until she felt the head slip below the muscle. He screamed that high pitched squeal that happens when a cock is shoved into a virgin passage and she squealed at the same time as my cock slipped into her nether passage. 

I held myself there feeling my cock feed off the energies of the two. I could feel the cock in him as she felt me in her. Slowly I pulled my cock out and then thrust into her. As I moved so did she and we moved as one. I felt their bodies move as though I was fucking both of them at once and not just her. Their pleasures washed back into my body and I felt his hand as it pumped his cock in fast strokes that demanded a quick resolution. Each thrust into his ass sent waves of pleasure through her clit.

As their passions and pleasures grew I felt my power grow and take them, I felt them changing, melting as I made them into the creation of my mind. Ragged breaths were torn from their lips and the thrusts grew harder, wilder as we sought to thrust deeper into the open passage. I held her hair as she cried with delight her hips rocketing forward again and again. 

I felt them merge beneath my body. The flesh melted and fused and they became one, breasts thrust through his chest, his cock melted into her enlarged clit and the plastic cock slipped from her body as he/she rubbed at it feeling orgasms trip from the tortured flesh. As their faces melded and became one my cock erupted in a flood of hot creamy liquor. I pumped cum into their ass and as I came they melted together never to be parted. They screamed then as cum shot from what had been her cunt. 

The pleasure being too much they passed out. I lifted the naked body onto the bed and looked at my creation. He/She was attractive her face pretty with the long hair of her and his stronger jaw, the breasts were smaller and her clit was the size of a medium sized cock and very evident beneath it was a very tight virgin cunt, a cunt that would cum with hot creamy semen now. I smiled with a smile that would have sent the sanest into madness and I bent down to kiss their cheek.

"Well and truly wed," I muttered to myself and dressed.

I heard sounds from the bedroom as I opened the front door and then screams as they began their battle to control the body they shared. Whistling to myself as I closed the door I walked confident that I would find other lovers for my Masters and myself.