 WARNING: though consensual, this story deals with elements that may be too dark for some readers. If that's not your thing, don't read it.

Authors note: the following is a spin-off of a previous story, a fictitious ad called "Terrorize me".

*******

My humble fixer-upper stalled just as I pulled onto the gravel driveway. I had posted my fertility schedule and received this address, date, and time as a reply. The detached, simple nature of the message made me slightly uneasy, but I had asked for it, after all. To have a stranger plan my impregnation in a most terrifying way had been a fantasy of mine for as long as I could remember. My body tingled with excitement, as well as with an understandable level of apprehension. 

The small house was obviously abandoned: the grass in the large lot was overgrown, boards and shutters clung desperately to their last nails, and one window had seemingly been the victim of a kid and his rock. Despite the ominous nature of the property, I couldn't help but feel a bit annoyed at being sent there. There was no person or building as far as I could see, no car parked in the driveway with mine, and no lights inside to indicate others' presence. Perhaps I was set up. The joke's on me. I cranked down my window, listening and waiting. Several minutes passed before I decided to get out and try the front door.

On such a silent night, the sound of my steady steps on the gravel was deafening. The door was unlocked and floated open with ease. I called into the questionable structure "Hello?!"...Silence. I hesitated only a moment, then stepped in.

The cold night air permeated the interior. I shuttered and regretted not bringing a sweater. I cupped my hands over my mouth and exhaled to warm them. Then, rubbing my hands together, my gaze drifted upward as the stars twinkling brightly through a massive hole in the roof. A misstep landed my foot on a displaced branch and the sudden cracking under my weight startled a family of vermin who had made a home of it. I screamed and spun around and fell on my behind. My heart beat loudly and I couldn't help to have a short laugh at my own expense. It was then that I caught a dim light coming from downstairs. Quickly sobered, I got to my feet and opened the door. I saw someone standing at the landing. Silently. Patently. I felt a mild bit of embarrassment at making the person wait on me.

I gathered my courage and began my descent. The steps creaked beneath me and the musty smell of the basement was powerful. The person held a single candle and it was my only light in the dark stairwell. It wasn't until my arrival at the bottom that I was able to take my focus off my footing to get a better look at my host.

Every inch of the genderless, faceless being was covered in some kind of silicone costume. It said not a word but pointed to a small room. I turned nervously and walked in. The person followed, closing the door behind us. My eyes were beginning to adjust to the light that the single flame provided, but the dank room gave no clue to my fate.

I looked to the being who now blocked the door. A hand reached out and pointed at me. I waited, but no direction seemed evident. Then it dawned on me. "You want me to get undressed, don't you?" A nod.

My fingers trembled as I worked each button on my blouse. Having no place to put it, I dropped it into a pile on the dirt floor. My skirt was easier. I stepped out of my shoes and looked up for guidance. Again the hand pointed at me so I reached around and unfastened my bra. It fell away and I slipped off my panties. The scent of my excitement was revealed and I suddenly felt a bit self-conscious and I covered myself with my hands.

The creature set the candelabra on the ground and picked up a pile of rope I hadn't noticed before. Moving in a slow, controlled motion, the being wrapped each rope separately around my wrists and ankles while I stood there and allowed it. When it was done, I was handed all the length to carry. 

The person then retrieved the candle and opened another door. The weight of the rope around my ankles made me more mindful of my steps. Pushing through the resistance was like walking through deep water. Perhaps the resistance was, in fact, my apprehension. I stepped into the large room, then stopped in my tracks. A hand gently touched the small of my back, sending chills, and I was guided deeper into the center. An old workshop table stood surrounded by a dozen or more free-standing full-length mirrors. The room was well lit with dozens of candles melting directly onto the dirt floor. As I stood before the table, holding my ropes, more faceless people stepped into view from behind the mirrors. Surrounded, I suddenly felt the full effect of the vulnerability I had been craving. My heart slammed in my chest like nothing I had ever heard, but I never questioned if I should flee. I felt fairly confident in the universe bringing me to that location at that time. Trembling, I held the ropes close. They were my only concealment. The people wasted no time liberating them from my arms. They worked in silent harmony roughly pulling my legs open before tying the rope to the legs of the table. Then, bending me forward, my arms were stretched and attached to the opposite corners.

Sometimes in direct view, sometimes in a reflection, and sometimes stepping outside of the circle of mirrors, the creatures were hard to identify and more importantly, seemed to multiply. I struggled under the rope which was tight and uncomfortable. I tried to look closer at the human forms to determine gender, or even how they could see so clearly with features covered. Their well-choreographed movement and silent communication were also impressive. But before I could investigate further, I was somewhat shocked when they started appearing with huge strap-on's. Not only would this not get me pregnant, which was the whole point, but the size of their members were completely unnatural.

The first being approached me with the preposterous object. He took his position behind me and rubbed it against my slick wanton flesh. At that point, I was honestly terrified of the damage the huge device would cause, but I felt my body betray me as I arched my back as if to welcome the ravaging. The hard cold baton was gently manipulated until my body conceded to the intense girth of it. Animalistic sounds escaped my throat as it was persistently worked in. When the object had completely filled my body, its wearer backed out and began rhythmically pumping it into me, deeper and deeper as I cried out. "It's too much!" I screamed. "I can't take it!" The tempo increased. "Please!" I yelled, "it hurts!" My objections were ignored and the abuse continued. The heat between my legs grew. It did not take long before my body shuttered as a powerful orgasm overtook me. I thrashed and moaned as the violation continued. When I finally collapsed in a sweaty pile on the table, the object was suddenly ripped from my body.

For a single moment I thought the torture was over, then I saw the next person step up with the same perverse weapon and helped himself to my still sensitive body. Another scream as he pushed into me without the tenderness the first had shown. "Ooohhh!!!" I yelled "Please!!" I whimpered and protested as he slammed into me, deeper and deeper. The others walked about and watched from various angles. I still hadn't been able to confirm their number, as the mirrors confused the scene. The image directly in front of me, showed tears washing the mascara down my face, smeared lipstick like a common whore, and sweat-matted hair. I was forced to face myself and see my agony as I pleaded for the wickedly blissfull onslaught to end. I closed my eyes and took in the sweet savage sensation of the unyielding pole which stretched my pussy way beyond what it could comfortably accommodate. The sounds of my cries of pain and pleasure were music to my ears. The barbaric agony reminded me of what my body was made for, and the great stretching I was capable of. This thought, of course, pushed me over the edge, and again a fantastic orgasm slammed into me. When my screaming subsided, the object was again torn from me, and the next creature stepped forward to help himself to my defenseless body.

I whimpered at the realization that my predicament would not end any time soon. Confirmation followed as my sore pussy was again stretched open by a vulgar object that would fail at reaching my goal. Weakened and disheartened, I gave in and surrendered into the framework that held me. Sucking in a hiss as the device was rammed into me, again and again. I gave up on begging and protests, as they were ignored anyway. Instead, I set out to recall the hours of painful labor I'd experienced while delivering a child I had surrogated for a dear friend. The fantastic sensation of my body opening as I provided them with the baby they had always wanted, and loved so deeply. 

The merciless handling of my body in this way continued for what felt like hours. I quickly lost count at how many creatures had their way with me and how many times my body was forced to orgasm. Eventually, exhaustion set in and I began drifting in and out of consciousness, waking momentarily as my body shuddered out yet another mandatory orgasm.

Darkness.

I awoke cold and shivering. My eyes drifted open to find myself in the driver's seat of my car. I was parked alongside an unknown gravel road surrounded by forest. The old house was nowhere to be seen. I was naked. As I stirred, the soreness of my body came rushing back. Every joint hurt. My back hurt. My wrists and ankles had severe rope burns and welts. My hips were bruised in front from being repeatedly slammed into the table. But worst of all, was the swollen, burning, screaming sensation coming from between my legs. I carefully, painfully turned my battered body to look for my clothes, a blanket, anything, but there was nothing. The sunrise peaked through the thick trees and I noticed the keys were in the ignition. I started the car and prayed for the heater to work quickly. Shivering only agitated my soreness. I closed my eyes as I waited, focusing on stillness.

I deeply regretted the position I had put myself in but was incredibly thankful to have survived the ordeal. I considered how cruel it was for all those people to come together with the united plan to take advantage of my desires and teach me a lesson. Living in a small town, those beings could have easily been people I came in contact with daily: The bank teller? The pharmacist? The mailman? I was so ashamed. The lump in my throat now led to teary eyes.

I was terribly thankful when my car began putting out heat. I opened my eyes, rubbed away the wetness, swallowed hard, and put the car into gear. I drove, seemingly in circles, until I found a main road and signs that eventually led me home. I was glad for the remoteness of the area to be able to not only drive, but make it to my front door without being seen naked. Upon entering, I diligently locked my door and prayed I didn't have another "lesson" hiding in my home. I soaked in a long hot bath, tended to my injuries, ate a few crackers, then put myself to bed for the rest of the day. 

Plagued by my disgrace, I decided I would hold up in my home until I figured out what to do. But two weeks later when I was late, a new thrill was awakened within me. When the test came back positive, I was abuzz with emotion and excitement. Suddenly all the pain, humiliation, and torment felt so worth it. To bring another life into the world, I was immensely grateful. Now strongly impressed with the elaborate plot of my impregnation, and the evasive skill used to hide the child's father, I was flattered that someone would take my wishes so literally. I knew this extreme effort indicated a deep level of desire for a baby. With tears of joy, I sent my anonymous attacker a photo of the positive pregnancy test. Then, sinking back into my seat, I began fantasizing about terrifying ways the new parents would eventually come and seize the infant from me. All was right with my world and I knew my purpose on earth was confirmed. I couldn't wait for the next adventure, the next violation, the next impregnation, the next terrifying chapter.