 As edited by Snoopy, no zombies were harmed in the writing of this tale. No seriously I swear, no zombies were harmed. ;)

*

The night pressed down around us, the grasshoppers ringing out a glorious tune, the stars overhead twinkling. All in all it's a beautiful night, but John and I are in the back seat of his car, not caring one little tiny bit. At least not after I had made the fateful observation that brought us into the back seat; we had been sitting outside Larry's Drive Thru enjoying some hamburgers and looking up at the stars when I had turned to him, and told him. It was right after he had said, "It's a beautiful night don't you think?"

I had looked about, turned to him, and said his name real quiet. He had scooted closer to me and I took his hand in mine, and I just out and said it, "It's beautiful enough to lose your virginity in, don't you think?"

Needless to say, he slid over behind the wheel again so fast I thought he was going to knock his door out and follow it; instead though the car roared to life and we sped out of there. The engine roaring, the wheels spinning and trying to catch. Sorta catching enough to lurch us forward here and there, but mostly turning the car around. Which I suppose was the idea, Drive Thru is a sorta misleading name, you drive in park and eat, but you have to go back out the way you came in.

Larry actually was in still, he came running out yelling about his parking lot and all sorts of things that I couldn't really catch over the engine and the squealing tires. Then John let off the gas a little, the tires caught, and launched us near across the little road before John got it under control and righted us concerning the road.

We took off like a bolt of lightning across town and out, I suppose it's a good thing it's a small town because I don't think we could have avoided any cross traffic at the speeds we were going. I would guess that John was eager to get inside me finally, well inside me aside from the blow jobs I've been giving him; wouldn't do to have you think I was frigid or uncaring about his needs or anything of that sort.

Finally we get out to the old orchard. Far as I know nobody knows who actually owns the apple trees arranged in rows on it. According to my dad my grandparents called it the old orchard when he was a kid. Every summer everyone would come out and trim the trees a little and every fall the whole town would come out and pick those apples, then we would have a big old town fair full of apple juice and apple sauce and apple pies.

Tonight though, we were parking on the edge of the old orchard facing town, just off an old dirt road that wouldn't be there any more if it wasn't for the old orchard. We hop out of the car and jump into the back seat, at least I did, John stayed outside of the car to undress. Told me to stay in the car, he'd be right in, then he was, me all dressed still and him wearing nothing but a grin.

My thoughts on why on earth he did that flitter away as he leans in and kisses me, his hands running up and down my back, his tongue worming its way into my mouth where it dances with mine. My toes all a twitter, my stomach doing nervous excited flip-flops, I couldn't bring myself to do much of anything as John pulled back. Well his eyes lit right up as his hands fell to my shirt and started undoing the buttons, I swear to you his eyes got bigger when he pulled my shirt open and found I wasn't wearing a bra. Then it was my eyes' turn to get big as he dropped his head into my lap, except he stopped along the way and wrapped his lips right around one nipple.

So there I was, leaning way back against the wall and door in the back seat of John's car, his lips around one nipple sucking and licking with glee and me moaning. I'll tell you one thing, I was very glad I had made him wait to take me, otherwise he probably would have gone straight to the fucking me part. As it is though, he had those wonderful lips wrapped around one nipple or the other for what seemed like forever, I almost told him to move on to other parts before he did. He slipped down lower on me, pulling my hips farther across the back seat as he does so he can lavish my stomach with kisses and licks.

Then his hands are on my jeans, plucking the buttons free then pulling them down, waiting a moment to let me raise my hips so they can slide past my cheeks, his eyes lit up like a little boy's when he sees the Christmas tree on Christmas day. His excitement being contagious I am excited myself, especially when he starts kissing his way down my legs as he reveals them. He stops at my feet for a minute, but only long enough to pull my shoes and socks off then he his kissing my feet, an all together different and ticklish feeling. My laughter dies down as he kisses his way back up my legs, kissing my lips through my panties as his hands reach up and grab ahold.

Before what he is doing is fully interpreted my panties are down my legs, his lips following the same as my jeans, though this time he doesn't kiss my feet, except once to get a giggle out of me. Then his head is between my legs, I can feel his breath. This lovely warm feeling playing all over my lips, I can't help but relax for him, legs spread as wide as possible in the back seat. Then he starts licking me, at first tentatively, but after the first couple of licks, he is probing at my folds like a veritable expert.

My hands in his hair as he licks away at me, my moans and groans of joy getting louder and louder, I don't know how long he is down there for. All I can say for sure is his tongue sends me into the throes of orgasm before he moves up to kiss me. I try and move down to take him in my mouth but stop when he tells me he doesn't need that, he is ready if I am.

"Well of course I am ready," I say as I lay back as well as possible in the back seat; big old car or not, it doesn't really have the space of a bed. I find my legs spread, one knee pressing between the bucket seats, and the other pressing into the back of the seat, him between my legs grinning ear to ear over me. He adjusts himself, his hand between his legs and leans forward.

I can feel him pressing into me, though at the wrong spot; I reach down between my legs slap his hand away and adjust him to the right spot. Nervous as all hell or not, I am so not doing anal; maybe after we get married, but tonight it's all about getting his cock into my pussy. Then all the thoughts of the future, past and anything else besides what is happening between my legs poof away, no fanfare, no nothing, one second there and the next gone.

My thoughts poof away because of one thing, he is pressing into me. At first I am relishing in the feeling his intrusion is causing, but as he moves farther in, my flesh stretching, I can only think of one thing, my hymen. Soon his cock is going to press deep into me, farther than I have ever taken anything, and there will be pain. I know there will be, Suzy told me all about her first time. I am starting to get really nervous, my knees are shaking, my muscles are clenching at him, and I start to pant, no kidding I'm actually panting.

As John stops moving and looks at me with a concerned look on his face, his mouth opening to say something, there is tapping on the window. Whatever he was going to say, everything in my mind went away; I am sure we both had the same thought, Officer Barbardy. Oh my God, I so can't be facing my parents with Barbardy behind me telling them how he had caught me and John naked and fornicating in the grove. My eyes close so I won't have to look at him, see him standing there with a flashlight shining in on us, his pudgy face having that ever present disapproving glare to it.

John moves off of me to turn to the window, I am sure to roll it down and explain what we are doing since he always asks. He knows exactly what we are doing but asks anyway, I am sure he enjoys watching people squirm under his glare. I don't know what it is about him that scares everyone so, he's roly-poly, sorta childlike even, but when he comes up to you and stares at you, there just isn't a way to be adult. He renders adults into quivering little kids with his glare. It's really uncanny how well he can get people to admit to doing what they did with just a look and a couple words.

Except it's not him. When John faces the window a very feminine voice says one word, "Cock." Except it's not a simple little word to her, she says it like she is hungry for one, desperately hungry, it's all stretched out and filled with longing. I worm my way in besides John to look out the window, and see Sarah, her long blond hair mussed up like she had just gotten some recently.

Except it's not Sarah, the face is hers, the hair is hers, but nobody is home. Her eyes are blank, though fixated on John's cock which is still erect. Her mouth is open, stretched wide, as if she wanted to suck on him, and she is drooling. I've known Sarah forever; drooling is not something she does, heck she is so uptight about her appearance when she visited the dentist she would stay home for a week.

"John I don't like this, I can't give you my cherry with her there watching."

"No problem hun, we can move somewhere else," he says as he reaches for the handle.

"No don't go out there, something is wrong with her. I don't know what, but that isn't Sarah and I don't want you to go out there with her," I blurt out reaching for his hand to stop him. "Oh don't be silly, I can handle myself. I'm not going to crawl between the seats to get up front anyway, I might damage something, you know I'm not small like you," he tells me with a quick kiss as he twists his hand free of mine.

He tells Sarah, at least whatever it is out there that looks like Sarah to back away, but when she doesn't move after a couple seconds he opens the door anyway. Shoves her to the ground where she lays for a couple seconds. He closes the door behind him with a wink to me and moves toward the driver's door with me staring out the window at him, my face pressed to the glass.

I don't notice her getting up, the first I notice it she has jumped on John, her arms and legs wrapped around him. At first he falls against the car, I'm screaming about then they don't stay leaning against the car long; he steps back and suddenly his feet aren't under him any more. They both fall sprawling to the ground, his cock swaying with the impact of the ground. She moves first, jumps on him again, sliding her pussy down towards his cock. John tries to sit up and shove her off him, but it has the opposite effect, she slides right down onto his cock.

Instantly she is moving on him; I can see her going up and down, can see his cock disappearing and appearing from inside her. I know I should be pissed off, but I'm not mad, not like he jumped her after all, and I find myself getting excited watching him being ridden by her. I'd say I imagined him under me like that, except he never got inside me, at least not fully, so I don't really know what it feels like. Just being able to see him being fucked is exciting to me though. I guess not watching porn didn't help, I've never seen sex happening, let alone experienced it. I almost did, but she interrupted us and now there she is out there riding my boyfriend. I would get out there and kick her ass, except for one thing; that isn't Sarah. I don't know who or what it is.

The biggest sign that isn't Sarah is her, or I guess its, breasts. Sarah had small breasts, enough to fill a shot glass as she always put it. This thing on the other hand, is leaning over John a little and the breasts are resting on his chest. These things are the size you always hope you don't get, and guys always seem to want you to have. If a regular person has those they will be in need of back surgery by the time they are twenty-five.

I can see the breasts moving as it rides up and down on John, bless his heart but he has spent this entire time saying, "No. Get off me."

Until now that is, I can see his hips moving under her, or rather it, just hard to think of this thing that looks like Sarah as an it. He's even starting to grunt as she, yes I know it but I can't stop thinking it's a she, drops down onto him. He's starting to make his face, not his cumming face, but his oh God it's good face, which is always when he starts giving me his precum. Also happens to be about two minutes before he cums too.

As he starts making that face, something happens, not a major change, but I remember his face quite well from all the times I look up at him during his blow jobs. His eyes get a little thinner, his mouth stretches a little into a soft grin, and he gets a little pink. Well this time, he is getting a little pink, his mouth is stretched into that little grin, and his eyes are starting to thin, but then they just get normal again.

The worst part, the part that really tells me he is turning into something else is he stops saying, "No. Get off me."

Instead he starts in with, "Pussy," at first not long and drawn out like she said cock. Except, it starts getting longer and more drawn out the longer she rides him now, his face also stops making a face, it just gets more and more blank. Then he cums, at least his verbal announcement didn't change, at least not yet I guess. He groans and goes, "Oh yeah."

His hips even pump up into her so hard they are both lifted off the ground, well his butt is anyway. Sarah even makes noise as his cum is filling her up, instead of cock, she says, "Cum," though just as long and drawn out.

They both sit there for a minute; even get my hopes up when he looks over at me with a huge grin and winks. Then she starts getting up, his cock appears from inside of her, still hard. Except not all of it appears, just a little as she moves up, and up. The farther off him she goes the more of his cock is exposed, and still no head.

It's not until she manages to stand up enough that he falls out of her that I start moving. John had rolled over toppling her in the process and was crawling toward his car, and me. I'll never forget the sound he was making, plop, plop ... PLOPPP. That sound got me moving fast, my hand was yanked out and grabbing at the side of the front seat in a heartbeat.

I know what he wants and I am very not going to stick around to let him do it, I like being a normal everyday gal to much to lose my virginity to whatever he and Sarah had become. Before he had gotten four steps I find myself plopping down into the driver seat; he was right though, no way he could squeeze into the front seat from the back, I barely made it.

As I reach for the keys, so glad he left them in the car, I am startled by a thump and the long drawn out, "Pussy." He gets drowned out for a second by the shriek that I utter, my hands to my face staring out at him wide eyed. Turning to face the front again I reach for the keys and turn them, the engine sputtering as I press down on the gas pedal praying fervently.

I sit there with my foot pumping the gas, key turned, engine sputtering, and praying for what feels like forever. Then mercifully, my now ex-boyfriend gets drowned out again; the engine roars to life and keeps roaring, I have my foot pressed down on the gas. Sliding it into gear, now saying "Thank you God," over and over in my new mantra, the engine quiets for a second then picks right back up where it left off, with more noise. The tires spinning and chewing up dirt like mad makes a great cloud behind you I actually notice as my eyes dart all over.

The car starts to slide back and forth, getting ready to do a spin in place I think, except it has a posi-traction rear end; John took great delight in gloating over that fact. At least I think that is the reason, it could just be that the car didn't spin because it lurches forward, actually presses me back into the seat. With another shriek I lean forward to get a better view over the steering wheel. For whatever reason John had made a big deal about buying a bigger one, I swear to you the one he bought would fit right in stacked among semi steering wheels.

I don't know how I am doing it, the car barely responds to me and turning that wheel is really hard, I guess because the car is to old for power steering, but I am managing to not wreck the car against any of the trees I am passing on the way to the road. I am hating John now for parking us so far into the orchard, not that I disagreed, I wanted to be far back and alone and special. Well damnit, now I am hating John for not taking my virginity sooner, and I am especially hating myself for not deciding last night, or the night before, heck the last three months of nights before, I loved him enough, I wanted him in me, I just couldn't say it to him.

I guess Grandma was to blame for that; she had actually taken me aside and asked about my sex life. Of course I had done the standard evasion technique with her but she just saw right through me; I guess being a grandma and experiencing that tactic from both ends makes it easier to know the truth. She had told me, "Damn girl, you better spread those legs before he finds another filly. If'n I was twenty years younger I'd be shoving you aside and taking him on myself."

Of course I turned beet red, and excused myself home ASAP, not the possum shooting ASAP either, I actually went home. Well judging by those faces I would guess you ain't never heard the possum ASAP before, it means Actually Shooting At Possums, seriously there are some people in this town that do that. Of course I better point out, not always possums they shoot, and not always a shot animal they take home for supper. Roadkill is almost a town specialty; I say almost because only about half the town goes for that.

My musings on grandma, John and my cursed reluctance to take John in me earlier are swept away by the road appearing that I was aiming to reach. Somehow I get the car turned more or less down the road in the direction of my house. Well, as my dad was always eager to point out, their house. Can't have you thinking I was a goody two shoes growing up, I was something of a hellcat as ma puts it, though I swear to you I was not that bad.

Anyway, the car is in no mood to stick to a road, I'm forced to sit there cursing and praying to anyone who would listen as the car swerves to and fro. I don't know how it's possible, but I stayed on the road, well the car stayed on the road the entire distance to my house, sorry my folks' house rather. Well not exactly on the road, the tires slid off the road into the dirt on either side many times, but I did manage to mostly stay, er ... the car managed to mostly stay on the road.

At least until I did the turn off onto our driveway, not that it was much of a driveway, a path of cleared dirt does not a driveway make. So basically, I went from woman handling an old powerful car with no power steering on concrete, to woman handling an old powerful car with no power steering on somewhat packed dirt.

Oh hell, what that means is the car went from swerving to and fro to outright drifting. I swear to you, the car was facing off into our fields on one side to facing our fields on the other side three times in the three or so hundred feet to the house. How I did not run smack dab into the house is a miracle in and of itself. Not to say making it this far wasn't a huge miracle, but I swear to you, running John's car into the house would have made wrapping myself and the car around a tree look like heaven. 

One hand grabbing at the door handle, the other pounding on the horn until the door opens, at least four times before the door creaks open and I'm out into the dirt. While I did manage to not run into the house, I didn't manage to leave enough space between the front of the car and the house to go that way to the front door. Instead I have to go around the back of the car, right into all the dust left hanging in the air by the rapid, mad car race to get home. My skin being damp with sweat, from the excitement of trying to lose my virginity and the heart wrenching terror of seeing my now ex-boyfriend being basically raped by something that used to be Sarah and also being turned into something else, the dirt clung to me like a scared child clings to mommy at the store.
