 Chapter 1: The Changing of Evie. Albertville, New Jersey, 1840.

Lightning flashes across the midnight sky, lighting up a ghostly white wooden church. As darkness settles thunder rolls overhead, drowning out the church bell clanging in the wind. Another flash and the figure of a girl can be seen at the entrance of the church, hurrying to unlock the door and get out of the wind and rain. She is dressed in a black cloak, hooded cloak, her features are hidden but as the door opens she looks back into the storm to reveal the frightened face of a pretty girl in her late teenaged years, a damp lock of straight blonde hair can be seen from under her hood. The lightning flashes again and she is gone.

Evie Clemence knew she should not be inside the church at night, especially during a thunder storm, but she had not known where else to go. Her father was the minister: a tall, powerful man, with a square jaw and a dour expression who had the complete respect of his community and maintained a sense of fervent godliness while preaching on a Sunday. However Evie knew a different and dangerous side to him. She had fled the house tonight because her father, in a drunken rage, had attacked her young brother. It had happened before of course, beatings where a regular part of family life for Evie, but something told her that it was worse this time. 

They had both been asleep when he had burst in, and pretended to still be asleep as he had skulked around the room, reeking of whisky. Pretending to be asleep had not worked, it never did. He had grabbed Evie's brother from his bed and started shouting and whipping the poor boy with his leather belt. Evie had tried to stop him, leaping onto her father's back at one point, but he had just shaken her off and kept beating the child over and over. Evie had run from the room to shout for help from her fat, stupid mother, but the woman had just stared at her helplessly with her cow-like eyes. The sound of the leather belt whipping could still be heard from the other room, but now the boy did not cry out in pain. Evie could bare it no longer; she had grabbed the Church key from the hook on the wall and fled from the house, the whipping sound still echoing in her head. Her mother had shouted after her, but as she left the house she had heard her father's voice,

"Let the bitch go" he had said, and Evie disappeared into the night.

Evie walked hurriedly down the aisle of the church, pulling her hood down to reveal her wet blonde hair. The lightning flashed, illuminating the stained glass windows which colourfully depicted saintly martyrdom in its various forms. Falling to her knees in front of the alter she desperately tried to pray, but the words would not come to her. Thunder rumbled overhead and rain lashed against the windows. Evie was exhausted but she knew she could not sleep, she stared up at the crucifix and it stared back at her, but for once she could find no comfort in those wooden eyes.

A gust of cold wind filled the church, blowing Evie's hair across her face. The wind chilled her to her soul; she shivered and looked behind her. In the darkness she could see that the door had blown open, and the storm was raging in. She quickly hurried back down the aisle and locked the door, before returning to sit on one of the pews. It was dark and cold in the church, Evie shivered slightly as she sat and her mind began to wonder. She thought of the events that had led to her coming here, how she could probably never return home, and she thought of her poor brother and whether he was still alive. She began to cry, terrified of what was to become of her. Her tears felt hot against her cold cheeks, and as she allowed her emotions to overtake her she finally found some comfort in her sorrow and despair. 

Just then, in the depths of self pity, Evie thought she heard something behind her. She froze.

"Hello Evie" said a voice.

Evie gave a frightened yelp and turned quickly. 

"Who's there?" She asked fearfully. 

It was a man, sitting a few pews behind her. She could not see him clearly in the dark but he appeared to have long black hair and square shoulders, he also appeared to be quite slender. Just then another flash of lightning lit up the room and she could see a face, a beautiful face with piercing green eyes. She gasped in surprise.

"Who are you," she managed to say, "what do you want?"

"I'm just a traveller from out of town" he said idly, as the thunder rumbled.

The man stood up and made his way towards Evie, who sat frozen.

"The storm is passing" the man stated, looking in the direction of the windows, "the time between thunder and lightning is increasing. It will soon be over."

"What are you doing here?" Evie asked, her voice trembling.

The man ignored her and walked to a lantern at the end of one of the pews, lighting it with a match. Evie could now see the man's beautiful face clearly, it was a face she trusted and as she looked into his eyes she knew she should not be afraid.

"Oh dear," the man said, looking at her sympathetically, "why is a beautiful girl like you so upset, Evie?"

"How do you know my name?" Evie asked, mesmerised by those green eyes.

"I know a lot of things about you Evie," he said, walking towards her and sitting down next to her, "more than you can imagine."

Evie was entranced. Never in her life had she seen anyone as beautiful as this man, and as he sat down beside her she no longer felt cold or afraid, just pleased to be so close to him.

"What is your name?" she asked in awe.

"My name is Edward" he responded.

She continued to look into those green eyes and she felt a yearning deep within her.

"So why are you so sad Evie?" he asked, gently placing a hand on her thigh.

She said nothing for a moment and then looked at the floor.

"I am lost" she said sadly, "I have nowhere to go."

Edward looked at her for some seconds before responding.

"You have run away from home?"

She nodded.

"But surely your family will welcome you back, surely they will be looking for you?" he said softly.

"No, they do not want me..." said Evie quietly.

He considered her for a few more seconds as she wiped her eyes.

"You cry because you have nowhere to go and you are lost" he said, "but surely some of your sorrow comes from shame?"

Evie looked up at him questioningly.

"The shame" he continued, "of leaving your poor brother to be beaten to death by your father, while you ran away?"

Evie gasped in horror.

"How did-" she began.

"I said before Evie, I know a lot about you"

The tears started to roll down down her face again.

"It's your fault he's dead you know" Edward said, his tone hardening, "You could have helped him"

"But...but how could I?" Evie asked despondently, "there was nothing I could do..."

"You could have fought; you could have helped him, Evie"

"No, he was too strong...he would have punished me..."

"So you just ran away and left your brother there to suffer and die" he said.

"No, I tried to help..." she said uncertainly, emotions welling up inside her.

"No you didn't Evie, you ran away because you were scared" Edward continued to stare at her with his piercing green eyes, "you ran, because you thought he would kill you next."

"I didn't mean to-" she wailed.

"No, you didn't mean to," Edward said, as he looked deep into her, "but you did it anyway."

Susan collapsed into floods of tears, wailing and screaming in sorrow. She had never felt this bad, the whole responsibility of the the death of her brother was squarely on her shoulders and she knew it.

"But don't worry little Evie," Edward said, his tone gentle again, "We are here to help you."

Evie looked up, her eyes were red and her nose was running.

"We-?"

She felt another hand on her leg and turned to see another beautiful man. He also had incredible piercing green eyes, but was taller and more muscular than Edward. He looked to Evie like the strongest man she had ever met, and as she gazed into his eyes she once again forgot her sorrows and became mesmerised.

"This is Thaddeus," said Edward, "he doesn't say much, but he is also here for you."

Evie heard what Edward said, but she did not look away from Thaddeus. As she gazed into his wonderful eyes she once again felt a yearning deep inside that her virgin body did not fully understand. The storm thundered outside and rain continued to lash against the window.

Edward started gently stroking the inside of Evie's leg and Thaddeus did the same. It made her feel strange inside, and made her body squirm against the wooden pew. She continued to stare into Thaddeus' eyes, feeling as though she was dreaming. He leant down and kissed her gently on the lips. It was the most wondrous feeling of her innocent life and she kissed him back as hard as she could. Edward began to take off her black cloak, revealing nothing more than a nightgown underneath. She knew that she should not let two strange men see her body like this, but as she passionately kissed Thaddeus she did not care. 

Eventually Evie pulled away from the kiss happily but could taste something in her mouth. She dreamily put two fingers up to her lips and looked at them confused, her lip was bleeding. Evie looked up at Thaddeus and saw he was smiling and she gasped in horror as she saw the two pointed teeth at the edge of the smile.

"No!" she cried, recoiling along the pew.

She did not get far, she went straight into the arms of Edward who she saw had same vampiric grin.

"Oh yes little Evie," sneered Edward, "We are here just for you."

"No!" she screamed again, wriggling to get free, "get off me Sons of Satan"

Edward laughed.

"That is rich coming from a girl who would leave her young brother to be beaten to death" he said mockingly, grabbing her breasts through the fabric of her nightgown, "you are going to get what you deserve, little whore."

Evie screamed and struggled but it was no use. The vampires had done there work on her well and as she looked again into their beautiful green eyes she knew that they were right; she did deserved this. Her body still yearned for their touch. As Edward fondled her teenaged breasts, Thaddeus began sliding his hands up her thighs, pushing up her nightgown. She wanted to be touched between her legs and her body was becoming frustrated as Thaddeus just continued to rub her inner thighs. She squirmed beneath the vampires and they knew that she was beginning to like it, she breathed deeply and moaned as her sensitive young body began to betray her.

"No...stop!" she panted, her last reserves of willpower fading.

Edward laughed as he held her. Thaddeus fixed his beautiful green eyes on hers and started to move towards her. As Evie stared back into those eyes she felt he was looking right into her soul, he knew she wanted to be touched, he knew all the dirty thoughts that were rushing through her head, he knew she was loving the feeling of her breasts being toyed with. Evie felt naked in front of him and as he stared she knew she soon would be. He kissed her on the lips and she resisted no longer. With one powerful movement he ripped the nightgown off her to reveal a pair of shapely breasts and a sexy body. Her pussy was covered with soft blonde pubes and was dripping wet. As Thaddeus withdrew from the kiss she stared at him with longing in her eyes and blood dribbling gently from the corner of her mouth. She spread her legs for him, desperate for him to touch her. Edward leaned down and licked the blood from her mouth.

"She tastes good" he said.

Thaddeus grunted in agreement and began taking off his clothes. Evie lay there on the wooden pew, her legs apart. Resigned to her fate she watched in awe as Thaddeus took off his trousers to reveal a huge cock. He reached forward and grabbed her needy pussy with his hand, causing her to gasp as a sensation of pure bliss burst through her body.

"Let go," Thaddeus grunted to Edward, speaking for the first time, "she will not run."

Edward let her go and stopped playing with her breasts but Evie barely noticed. Thaddeus was pushing his thick index finger into her tight, wet pussy and the sensation was all she could now think of. She moaned as he toyed with her and Edward grinned as he watched the girl writhe and squirm on the wooden pew.

"She's a needy little whore, isn't she?" He said, watching his partner bring the girl to the brink of climax before withdrawing.

Evie moaned in frustration. She sat up on the bench, panting, her eyes half open and her pupils dilated. Evie had no knowledge of what the two vampires were doing to her, all she knew was that she did not want them to stop.

"Get on your hands and knees whore," Edward ordered.

Evie obeyed without hesitation, she kneeled on the pew and presented her pussy to Thaddeus while staring into Edward's beautiful eyes. Thaddeus positioned his cock at the entrance of her pussy and began to push it inside. The sensation was incredible to Evie as her virginity was slowly taken from her. She squealed as her hymen broke, it hurt to have such a large cock inside her but it also felt so good. Edward had undressed as well and she now felt his cock against her wet lips and opened her mouth to suck on it. 

The strength of the two men was incredible. They lifted her up so she was suspended horizontally between them and they fucked her at both ends. She was completely helpless and unable to move from their grip, but nor did she want to; she was as close to heaven as she had ever been. Every so often they would turn her around without putting her down, so both of them got to fuck her mouth and pussy. Her body shuddered between them as she came again and again, moaning loudly and bucking against their cocks as the orgasms thundered through her.

Evie could not tell how long they played with her, how many times her body had shuddered with orgasm. She forgot who she was fucking and who she was sucking, both cocks tasted so good to her and she could taste the juices of her own pussy coating each one whenever they turned her around. Her throat was sore and her pussy was red raw, also her back was bloodied where they had scratched at her with their long nails, but she was beyond understanding pain and pleasure and just continued to suck and be fucked. When they eventually put her down on the cold wooden floor she grinned happily and took both cocks in her mouth to swallow their hot cum.

They sat her back on the pews, where she could barely keep her eyes open with exhaustion. She knew what was coming, she knew she was about to die, but could not find the energy to care. Thaddeus and Edward leaned towards her and it was then that Evie learnt the meaning of exquisite pain. She felt two hot pin prinks in her neck and two on her left breast. She gasped with pleasure and felt her own warm blood flow down her pale neck and body and between her legs. Thaddeus had pierced her neck and was now noisily slurping blood from her and Edward was doing the same from her breast. The sensation was incredible, but she felt so peaceful as they drained her. Her body became numb, the soreness in her pussy disappeared and all her troubles seemed to evaporate. She hooked one arm around Thaddeus' neck and stroked Edward's hair with her other hand, her face was a picture of pure bliss. Eventually she became too weak and her pale arms just fell down beside her, the last thing she remembered before the light faded from her eyes was Thaddeus cutting his thumb with a knife and dribbling some blood into her open mouth.

Evie awoke with a start. It was daylight outside and the strength of the sun hurt her eyes. She was lying on the church pew, her ripped clothes lay around her. She was confused, and could not remember any of the events of the previous night, but she felt sharp and energetic. She realised that she was not wearing any clothes and she felt that she should be ashamed of her nudity, but as she looked at her beautiful body she felt no shame at all. She looked even more beautiful than usual, she thought. Her breasts were large and rounded her skin smooth and soft and her pussy smooth, with just a tuft of blonde hair above the clit. Also there was not a single mark or blemish on her: she was perfect. She turned to the church door, knowing someone was about to come through it; she could smell them. She suddenly realised she was feeling quite hungry and her throat was parched. 

It was Mrs. James, one of the church choristers who often came to the Church early in the morning to make sure the place was tidy. Mrs. James was a large woman in her 40s who Evie had known all her life and had sung hymns with many times. She strolled towards the woman, who was closing the door behind her, not yet noticing the minister's beautiful daughter walking towards her, completely naked. 

Evie felt excited as she walked to the woman, but could not yet understand why. She was surprised to find she could reach the woman all the way from the other end of the church in a few seconds, and still had not been heard or sensed. As Mrs. James turned and finally saw her, gasping with horror at the nude girl, Evie realised that she did not feel any feeling of friendship towards this woman, but instead viewed her as inferior, pathetic, even as some sort of animal.

"Evie!" Mrs. James gasped, "What are you doing...you're naked!"

Evie laughed at the inferior mind.

"What a stupid statement," she said mockingly, "don't you think I am beautiful?"

"Evie..." spluttered the woman, "you're eyes, they're different..."

Evie just laughed again. What a stupid woman, she thought. Her hunger intensified and as she looked at the pathetic being in front of her, need began to grow inside her. Evie grinned as a lust overtook her, something that she did not want to resist. She suddenly knew what she wanted and advanced on the terrified woman, pressing her up against the door.

"Such a tiny little mind..." mocked Evie, and smiled at her prey.

Mrs. James shrieked loudly as she saw the pointed teeth in Evie's smile, but it did not last long. As fast as lightning Evie opened her mouth, bit down on the woman's neck and started sucking. Her first taste of blood made her body shudder with orgasm, but she did not stop sucking. The blood made her feel incredible, a sense of power and strength rose up inside her. She knew she was better than this pathetic waste of space in front of her, she was better than anyone and she could do anything. Mrs. James' body went cold and limp, and the flow of blood eventually stopped. Evie was left straddling the woman's pale body, grinning to herself and panting, her pussy still twitching at the joy of the orgasm while blood dripped off her chin and down her body.

After feeding Evie felt a desire to be somewhere dark and cold, there was too much light in here for her heightened senses. She descended the steps into the church cellar and as the darkness enveloped her she licked her lips and rubbed her beautiful breasts. Soon she knew she would feed again.