 Chapter 2: The Wilderness. New Jersey Forests, 1840-1855.

It was a cold night on the streets of Victorian London. Thick fog swamped the city, so thick that the yellow street lamps could do nothing to penetrate the gloom. At this hour the streets were largely deserted, only the disreputable and the dangerous would brave such a night. It was the perfect for Evie Clemence to stroll the city and get to know it intimately. Evie had the face of a beautiful young girl; blonde hair, blue eyes and an unusual innocence. She wore a black bodice with a red lace lined dress and a matching hooded overcoat. It was not enough for such a cold night, but Evie no longer felt the cold. The year was 1883, Evie was over 60 years of age but did not look a day over 18. 

Unlike normal tourists Evie was not interested in monuments to dead rulers or the homes of the living ones, she was interested in the people of the city. She wanted to know what they did with themselves at night, how they slept and what they were afraid of. As she walked slowly through the city streets she could hear the heartbeats of all the people in the houses, of the infants and young children, of the old and weak and the dull middle aged. She could smell each of their lives like a story; what they had eaten that day, where they worked, when they had last made love. Sometimes she could hear the beating hearts of two young lovers in hot embrace, and then her own heart quickened and she took a deep breath, inhaling the scent of young lust. She remembered these houses, but they were not the only ones. She remembered the houses of the jilted lovers, the angry young men and women who's will could be so easily manipulated, she also enjoyed the overtly religious, those who believed that their devoutness was absolute, but could be shattered after a few minutes of temptation with Evie.

However what she craved the most was the smell of the innocence of sexual awakening, of young men and women who had been kept by their guardians for too long and longed to break free, longed to see the world and experience its wonders. Evie wanted to show them wonders they could never even imagine, the very idea sent a shiver of excitement through her body.

As she wondered the streets making mental notes of all of the inhabitants her mind drifted back to her own awakening. She had been an innocent young girl in her previous life, a miserable frightened little thing that was destined for a sad, pathetic life in a small town across an ocean. Then one night an encounter with two strangers had changed everything and set her on the path that she found herself today. They had teased and taunted her, bending her fragile mind to the point of despair before breaking her spirit and finally taking full advantage of her weakness. They did something to her that she could never forget, but had certainly forgiven, and then they left her to fend for herself, with a new and frightening addiction. She smiled at the recollection, and began to head for home. She would not have to feed tonight having learnt to control her yearnings the hard way. These days Evie would only sample the best any city had to offer. 

It had not been like this always of course. After Evie was first turned her need to feed was almost too much to bear. She had emerged naked from her father's church cellar on that first night in her new life and everything had seemed different. The body of the dead woman, her first meal, was still at the top of the stairs. The church had remained empty all day; her father had probably been too hung-over to get out of bed. As she headed for the Church entrance to go outside something, either instinct or a memory from her previous life, told her she should put on some clothes. So she stripped the body of her pale victim without a shred of pity or remorse and donned the loosely fitting garments. She had only one destination that night, back to her home, back to her father.

Evie arrived at the little Rectory house within a few minutes and entered silently. She walked to her parents room and opened the door, a thrill of excitement as to what she was about to do flooded through her. She had no intention of feeding from the disgusting creatures that lay before her, snoring and grunting in their sleep like a pair of pigs. Instead Evie woke both of them and allowed them to view her. They did not say a word, they could tell something was different in her; their timid little Evie was standing before them with confidence, smiling mockingly, her eyes glowing. They were mesmerised by her, to such an extent that her father still did not move as she took the knife by his bedside and neatly cut his throat. Her mother had then started screaming, so Evie sliced open the woman's fat belly and the screamed turned into a gurgle. The sight and smell of the blood caused her breath to quicken and her eyes to widen, and what was to become a familiar sensation of thirst began to emerge inside her. She savoured the sight for a few more seconds before turning to leave. 

Suddenly she stopped. There was a small boy standing in the doorway. He was covered in bruises and one of his eyes was swollen shut, but even with the blood lust pulsing through her Evie recognised her brother and, as he was very much alive, she realised she had been deceived by the vampires. Even still the desire to suck the blood out of the child was almost too much for her, but, in the only act of pity that she ever consciously made in the next 40 years, she simply took him by the hand and led him back to bed. 

As she left the house her need to feed was all she could think of. She quickly moved to the house next door with inhuman speed and entered, silently moving from room to room, feeding off a family of five until everyone was dead and drained. Each individual had tasted different to her, each one made her feel incredible and sent orgasms flashing through her young body. After the frenzy she disappeared into the woods surrounding the town and found the darkest, deepest cave she could and sat with her body buzzing, stroking her hypersensitive body and shrieking in delight.

This was how she spent the next fifteen years of her life. Living like an animal in the forest, feeding off whomever or whatever she could find in the woods or in nearby towns and villages. Instinct made her careful not to take too much from one community at one time, but there was no real thought process in her head, only the thirst and the desire to quench it. She became a beast in the forest, a myth the locals told their children to make them behave. She quickly lost the ability to speak or even think for very long, and she would feed off anything, human or otherwise, tramping through snow, wind or rain to find any living thing to sink her teeth into. For fifteen years the innocent girl previously known as Evie Clemence thought of nothing but blood and the incredible feeling of power than it gave to her when she sucked it from the neck of a living soul. It was out of desperation that she fed from the easiest targets, and although this gave her a wonderful buzz she had not realised that there were greater prizes to be had. 

It was one night around 1855 that everything changed again. On this night she had found a farm house some miles from her cave. It was an isolated building but her senses told her that there were no fewer than twelve occupants in the house that evening for a family gathering, an exciting prospect for a hungry vampire. However instinct again made her cautious; farmers had weapons and were accustomed to fighting off dangerous animals, if she just burst in and started feeding they would surely kill her. It was a balmy summer evening, the worst time for a vampire as the feeding hours were so short, by the time darkness fell and Evie had made her way to the farm house it was already close to midnight. However the party was still going on inside, wine and ale were flowing and everyone was having a wonderful time.

Evie prowled around the house, peering through the windows at the joviality inside. Her plan, if she ever came up with such a thing during those years, was to wait for everyone to go to bed and then pick them off one by one. Unfortunately they seemed to have no intention of retiring as after a few minutes someone began playing a fiddle and everyone started dancing. Her need intensified as the occupants laughed and danced inside, she only had a few more hours to go and at this rate she would not even find one victim.

Just then she had some luck. In all of the fun and dancing nobody had noticed two members of the family slip out of the door and head towards the barn, nobody except Evie of course. She followed the pair from a distance; a boy and a girl, cousins. She could hear their hearts beating fast as they walked hand in hand towards the barn, they were nervous about something, but also very excited. Evie found she loved the feeling of stalking them, she loved the smell that they gave off, and she shared their excitement, getting high off their emotions. Their scents mixed with those of the Summer night; the dark, dry earth, the hay from the barn and the smell of livestock sleeping nearby.

The pair reached the barn and as soon as they were out of sight of the house they had their hands all over each other. They kissed frantically, and groped and tore at each other's clothes. Within seconds they were naked and Evie realised that the girl was quite young, around the same age as she was when she was turned, but the boy was older and more experienced. The innocent young virgin had long beautiful brown hair and lily white breasts and her pussy, covered with soft brown hairs, was wet with excitement. The boy was strong and tanned, clearly having spent his life working out in the fields. The pair lay down together on the hay and started exploring each other's bodies, the boy with much more confidence than his young cousin. The girl held her partner's erect cock in her hand, and stroked it timidly, unsure of exactly what she was doing, while the boy kissed her gently, fondling her breasts and tickling her wet pussy with his rough fingers. Evie noticed a strange feeling welling up inside her, and for the first time in fifteen years it was lust rather than hunger that was her primary motive. 

The girl was becoming seriously aroused, she had her legs spread as far as they would go, her eyes were closed and she was moaning softly as she squirmed against her cousin's touch. Evie decided it was time for her to make an appearance.

At first they were both scared and shrieked away from her. But then, as Evie had often found in the presence of her prey, they both relaxed and simply stared at her with wonder. Evie kneeled in front of them and kissed them both softly on the lips. She removed the few rags that she wore as clothes and took up a position behind the girl, wrapping her legs around the brunette's lily white body and gently massaged her titties from behind. The girl fully relaxed and leant her head back on Evie's shoulder, closing her eyes and sighing deeply. Evie loved the feeling of being so close to the aroused girl, she shared all her emotions and as the girl became hornier, so did Evie. 

Evie beckoned the boy to come towards the pair, and took hold of his cock when he got close enough. She placed the boy's cock at the entrance of his beautiful cousin's pussy, making the girl gasp and then squeal as he automatically trust his way inside. The two young lovers fucked like animals under the guidance of Evie. At first it was enough to just be close to them as they ravished each other, but soon Evie was joining in. She straddled the boy's face and squirmed her wet pussy onto his mouth while the girl rode his cock. Evie leant forward and kissed the girl passionately, and they shared their orgasm, moaning into each other's mouths while the boy underneath them slurped his tongue against Evie's sex and jerked his cock into his sexy cousin's cunt.

The boy was soon spent; his seed deposited inside his cousin, so Evie drank from him until he lay pale and limp while the brunette masturbated unknowingly next to them. The taste of the boy's blood was unlike anything she had previously experienced. She felt so dark and powerful as she drank; she could hear the hearts of people sleeping half a mile away, experiencing their thoughts and desires as though there were her own. The blood also made her more aroused than she had ever been before and she turned on the mesmerised girl with renewed desire.

The boy's blood had given Evie new and exciting abilities. She found she could plant thoughts and feelings inside the mind of the pretty brunette. She made the girl's body extra sensitive, made her orgasms even stronger and twisted and bent her mind to make the innocent young thing into a filthy, desperate whore. Evie toyed with the girl for some time until she lay panting and pleading for cocks to be stuffed in all her holes. Evie laughed as she watched the girl try to frig herself to satisfaction, moaning in frustration as the orgasm she so desperately needed eluded her.

She then whispered something in the girl's ear, the first words she had uttered in fifteen years. The girl's eyes widened as she listened, but then she nodded eagerly and smiled. The girl followed Evie back up to her parent's home and the place she had left not too long ago as an innocent virgin, she now returned as a naked whore, desperate for cock. Evie led the desperate girl into the main room to gasps of surprise, but before long the innocent young brunette had become the centre of the party. She was on all fours in the middle of the room, her uncle's cock was in her mouth, her father was under her, savagely fucking her dripping cunt and her older brother was forcing his cock into her tight arsehole. Her aunts were toying and pinching her nipples while her mother was whispered words of encouragement in her ear. Evie watched the scene with growing arousal while fucking another of the girl's cousins on a chair, sucking blood from his neck as she rode him.

Over the next few days Evie lived off the family. Their livestock went unfed outside and their crops withered and died in the sun. The only thing they could think about was fucking the young brunette, the youngest member of their family, who constantly begged for more cock to fill her hyper-sensitive holes. Every so often one of the family would give themselves to Evie to keep her sustained, but she would try to not drink enough to kill them. She controlled the whole family for two weeks, each one becoming weaker and weaker until only the brunette remained alive. The little whore was fucking herself with a broom handle and had shoved the family's only silver candlestick firmly in her arsehole when Evie finally came for her. As Evie fed from the girl's blood she felt she could take over the world and screamed as the orgasms flooded through her. The intensity of the experience left her whole body buzzing for days afterwards and she found she did not have to feed again for some weeks. As the girl died she thanked Evie for making her feel so good.

Evie waited until nightfall and then began to clean herself up. She washed the blood off her body, cut her hair and found the finest clothes in the house that fitted her. She then stepped into the warm summer night, taking a deep breath and felt like Evie Clemence for the first time in 15 years.

That had been over 25 years ago, and the time in between had not always been easy, but Evie had never again resorted to living in a cave or feeding off animals. When Evie looked back she wondered how she had survived, most new vampires were burnt to death by angry village communities within a few weeks of being turned. But Evie knew she was different, even in her days in the wilderness living like an animal she had always had an instinct for survival and it had served her well. Now she lived in London, the biggest city in the world and she had learnt to savour its delights.

The fog wrapped around Evie as she strolled back to her residence, an upmarket apartment in a smart part of town, paid for out of her own pocket. She smiled as she thought about the number of wealthy men who had changed their wills in favour of Evie over the last few years just before they died. She remembered how each of them had tasted as well.

Her target was chosen; a young girl by the name of Rebecca, 18 years old, the daughter of a factory owner. Rebecca was beautiful, she had deep red hair and a well formed body for one so young. Her father intended to marry her above her station, perhaps to a nobleman to increase his standing in the world. Unfortunately she was a wilful girl who was already beginning to resist the kept lifestyle for which she was destined; she wanted to know about the world. Evie planned to meet her and befriend her very soon, and then she would show the girl what pleasure really was.

Evie entered the apartment just as the sun peaked over the horizon. Being careful not to stand directly in the path of the sunlight from the window she went over to the mirror and undressed, admiring her own body. She was unchanged from the day she had woken up in that church all those years ago.

Evie walked over to the bed, which was covered in beautiful Chinese silk. She lifted the mattress to reveal a dark space underneath that was comfortably lined with more Chinese silk, just big enough for Evie's small frame. She slipped inside, lowered the mattress on top of her, closed her eyes and dreamed of the taste of Rebecca.