 Chapter 3: Evie and Rebecca. London, England, 1883.

The sun dipped towards the horizon and briefly the damp rooftops of London appeared to be glowing gold. The sky seemed to be on fire, burning brilliant red, pink and orange. All across the city people hurried home from work, crowding the streets in a mass of humanity. As the sun dipped below the horizon and day began to turn to night, Evie Clemence stood at her apartment window, wearing a small pair of round, blue tinted spectacles with a faint smile playing across her lips. Evie had work to do on this night and it was the kind of work she loved. Her hunger briefly rose up inside her, and along with it came the desire to find some little street urchin and suck the life out of him, but she had long ago learned to resist these moments of weakness, for she knew a greater prize awaited her. Evie turned from the window and changed into one of her finest outfits, a black dress with a deep red bodice, along with a pair of elbow length gloves and a Chinese silk shawl. She looked stunning and dangerous as she stepped out into the night, just as the last streaks of red were fading in the sky. Soon it would be dark.

Across London an 18 year old girl called Rebecca twisted and fidgeted as a beautiful dress was fitted onto her shapely frame. The dress was deep velvet blue, a colour which made her long red hair blaze with colour and her pretty face shine. However Rebecca was getting hot and frustrated as her fat old maid, Nana, fussed about her like a clucking hen. She felt like lashing out at something, or screaming at the stupid woman, but she kept her cool. She had fought long and hard for tonight's brief moment of freedom and Nana could take it away from her with just one word to Rebecca's father. The old man wanted to keep his daughter locked away forever, or at least until some nobleman asked for her hand, but Rebecca knew she would go mad if she had to spend another evening reading in her room waiting for some rich, inbred aristocrat to imprison her in his country mansion. She had pleaded with 'Daddy' for just one night of freedom for weeks until he finally gave in and bought her tickets to the opera. It was not much, especially considering she was not allowed to talk to anybody and the only person who could go with her was Nana as a chaperone, but it was a start.

'No friends' her father had said, 'they will only lead you into trouble'. No friends, indeed! Rebecca had no knowledge of what friends were, unless you count those imbecilic, silly little girls from the awful tea parties she was forced to go to, where everyone sat around and talked about kittens and rainbows and handsome men who would sweep them off their feet and marry them. Idiots, Rebecca thought, small minded fools who existed for no reason other than to have babies and drink tea. No friends! How could a girl make friends when she spent her days sitting in a house, with no one but a stupid, fat maid who bothered her every five minutes? But Rebecca said nothing of this out loud, she just stood and allowed herself to be dressed and prettified, soon she would be outside her prison and the brief taste of freedom would be so sweet.

After what seemed like an age Rebecca was ready to go. Nana led her down the stairs, being careful not to get her dress caught anywhere, while her father waited at the bottom, his face like a stone. "I was hoping you would be out before nightfall," her father said as she reached the bottom step, "I am not sure about you going out in the dark."

He spoke in a false upper class accent, which still occasionally showed traces of the gruff Yorkshire dialect that he grew up with. Rebecca remembered him before he cared about stupid things like accents and nobility, when her mother was still alive and there was still some life in his eyes. 

"Nonsense father," she replied calmly, keeping the raising panic out of her voice, "there is no danger in this part of town, and I would have had to come back in the dark anyway."

He grunted, clearly still unsure.

"It will be fine sir," piped Nana, to Rebecca's surprise, "it is only a short walk across the park, and it is lit all the way by the gas lamps..."

The old man grunted again at the maid, before looking into his daughters pleading eyes and nodding grumpily. Rebecca squealed and kissed him on the cheek, prompting another dissatisfied grunt.

"Go on, git," he said jerking his thumb to the door, "Before I change my mind."

Rebecca did not need telling twice and quickly followed Nana to the door. She was pleased with the fat maid for the first time in a long time. Maybe she is not so useless after all, she thought.

They stepped out together onto the chilly streets, Rebecca in her expensive dress, and Nana in an ill-fitting garment that she clearly had not worn in a few years. It was embarrassing for Rebecca to be seen like this, but it was freedom.

"Good job it's not foggy like last night," the maid said in her Cockney accent as they set off towards the theatre, "not sure your father would've let you out if it was."

"Yes Nana," said Rebecca, feeling a new found affection for the old girl, "and thank you for speaking up like that as well, I think it helped."

"Well girl, I know you needed to get out of the house tonight," the old maid said wisely, "you ain't been yourself lately. Just sorry it has to be with little old me instead of one of your friends."

"I can't think of anyone I'd rather be with" Rebecca replied truthfully.

The pair walked on together, down the cobbled street and onto the wide path through the park, which was lit by gas lights as Nana had said. With each breath and each step Rebecca felt the weight of the world lift from her shoulders, her mood lightened and she didn't even mind the inane idle chatter of Nana walking beside her. There were quite a few people out tonight; men in top hats walked the path with their wives or lady-friends around Nana and Rebecca, heading towards the theatre. It was perhaps because everyone seemed to be going in the same direction that Rebecca first noticed the girl on her own, walking the other way. She was blonde and finely, if a little provocatively, dressed and appeared to be around Rebecca's age. The girl was without a chaperone, which was strange, and was smoking a cigarette, which was also unusual for a girl of her age; however the most striking thing about her was her eyes, which seemed to almost glow green and, unnervingly, were staring straight at Rebecca. As they neared each other Rebecca began to feel slightly affronted.

"Why are you staring at me?" she asked, stopping on the path in front of the girl, "It's rude."

The girl stopped and smiled, holding the cigarette to her lips.

"I do apologise," she said, with a tinge of an accent, "I was just amazed by your hair...it's beautiful." Rebecca was slightly taken aback, she was proud of her hair, but was rarely complimented on it. However as she stared into those green eyes she saw only honestly, and she began to warm to this strange girl.

"Well thank you," Rebecca said, "that's very kind."

"Come on Rebecca," said Nana from slightly down the path, "we will be late."

The girl just smiled and continued to stare into Rebecca's eyes. Rebecca liked this girl, she was brave and confident, and also there was something slightly dangerous about her. An idea began to form in her head.

"My maid and I are on our way to the opera, we have two tickets for one of the royal boxes," Rebecca said, "why don't you come with us?"

"I have no ticket," the girl replied simply.

"Well you could have Nana's ticket" Rebecca said, turning to her Maid.

Nana was surprised at the suggestion.

"Rebecca..." said Nana patiently, "your father did say..."

Rebecca looked pleadingly at Nana, her face a picture of innocence.

"Well...I suppose this is your night," the maid conceded, "and I have no taste for opera. Just don't tell your father or there will be hell to pay."

"So," said Rebecca, "would you like to come?"

The girl's face broke into a big smile.

"Thank you Rebecca," said Evie, "I would love to come to the opera with you."

The three of them hurried to the theatre, and Nana found a seat in the elaborately decorated foyer and the two girls made their way to the box. The private compartment was only big enough for the two of them but had a great view of the stage. They sat down, whispering excitedly as the lights went off. 

From the first note Rebecca was completely captivated; as the performance continued beneath her she felt as if the music was carrying her on a journey: she was breathing hard as the two lovers sang their love for each other, she wept openly when they were torn apart and cheered when they finally found their way back into each other's arms. All the time Evie sat by her prey, feeding off the intensity of her emotions and pushing new thoughts and desires into the girls head. Rebecca knew nothing of this she was so caught up in the action on stage; it was only when the actor playing the tragic lover seemed to look right towards her and sing of his love that she realised she was feeling strange inside. She squirmed uncomfortably on her seat, her beautiful dress suddenly feeling hot and constricting. The handsome man onstage continued to sing to her, his voice rising in tune with Rebecca's emotions, as though his voice was in control of her body and sending her emotions wild. Rebecca had never felt like this, her head was light, her vision was blurred, she was panting, her breath coming in shorter and shorter spurts and her body...her body was on fire. She felt her nipples hardening and pressing against her bodice and a strange dampness between her legs, and all the time the song rose, the notes becoming more powerful, spreading though her. She was scared but she did not want it to stop and kept her eyes on the singer on the stage below, it was so exhilarating. Suddenly, to her surprise, she felt Evie's hand on her, gently caressing her breasts through the fabric, Rebecca glanced across into Evie's beautiful green eyes.

"Evie..." she gasped, "what are you doing?"

"Just open your legs" Evie smiled, "and let the music take you..."

Rebecca felt so comfortable looking into Evie's eyes that she just let out a sigh and let the music sweep over her. The song rose still higher within her and she felt completely unable to resist its power. She opened her legs and felt her new friend's hand reach between them. It took some time for Evie to get through the layers of dress and underwear but eventually her fingers fell upon a very wet pussy, and as she rubbed her clit slowly and sensually until she felt a screaming orgasm rush through the young girls frame. Rebecca was out of her mind, gasping and moaning, her eyes closed and her head lolling about as her senses were overwhelmed. Evie played with the sloppy snatch for as long as she dared, while the screams of Rebecca's orgasms were drowned out by the music. Rebecca was in heaven, she could not even begin to comprehend what was happening to her, but she knew she wanted more, she wanted this night to on forever.

It was a sudden and shocking surprise when the fingers were suddenly removed and she opened her eyes to protest, only to find that the lights were on and everyone was applauding. Rebecca panted while Evie sat beside her giving the players a rapturous applause, she looked down to see that all of the cast were looking up at her, smiling. Evie leaned towards her.

"I think you were quite overcome by emotion," she said, "we should bring you here more often."

Rebecca could only nod, anything to feel like that again, she thought.

With the performance over, Evie helped Rebecca down the stairs to the foyer. Rebecca still could not understand what had happened to her in that small compartment, or if it was even real, but she felt a strong desire to be close to Evie again. As Nana fussed over her, Evie said her goodbye's and thanked them both for a wonderful evening. As she turned to leave Rebecca called out to her.

"Evie," she shouted, "will I see you again?"

"Oh yes Rebecca," she replied once again fixing her beautiful green eyes on her prey, "very soon, I hope."

Evie stepped out into the night with a spring in her step. She got away from the bustle of the theatre and slowed down, after all had no need to rush, the night was still young and there were many exciting sensations in the city for a pretty vampire to enjoy. She had enjoyed tonight so far though and she was beginning to realise that her young prey was going to be very special.

Rebecca wondered the path home in a daze, while beside her Nana chattered away. A very strange thing had happened to her tonight and even now she was struggling to comprehend it. As they arrived back at the house Rebecca announced to her father that the whole experience had been wonderful, but that she felt quite overwhelmed and should go straight to bed. Once there she thought about the evening; the music, the way the man on the stage seemed to be singing straight to her, and most of all about what her new friend Evie had done to her. Even now the thought sent shivers of excitement through her body, and although she realised it must have been wrong and immoral, she could not stop playing it over in her mind...and she wanted to feel like that again.

Tentatively at first, she reached down with her hand and hitched up her nightdress just above her waist. Then, feeling naughty, dirty and incredibly excited all at once, she touched her damp mound. Rebecca breathed in sharply at the sensation of pure pleasure that this simple act gave her, withdrawing her hand in surprise. She then slowly pushed her fingers back onto her private area with more confidence and determination, this time the pleasure was so intense that it caused her to moan out loud, but she did not withdraw her fingers. She clasped her other hand to her mouth and began furiously working away at her soaking wet snatch. She closed her eyes, pressed her hips forward, and felt her nipples hardened under her nightdress. As Rebecca masturbated she found she could think only of Evie, the pretty blonde girl with the innocent face swamping her thoughts as Rebecca found she was fantasising about increasingly outrageous and degrading acts. She imagined kissing Evie, undressing for Evie and lying next to her naked, she imagined spreading her legs for the girl while Evie teased and tantalised her and all the time she was staring into those beautiful green eyes that seemed to penetrate her soul. Rebecca came with a loud grunt, her hips bucked and her body shuddered as the orgasm took her, and then she was finished, lying sweaty and panting on the bed, her nightdress pushed up above her breasts and her privates sticky. She pulled the nightdress down, feeling something between disgust and joy at her actions, before turning over and drifting into a deep sleep.

Evie smiled as she walked. She knew that by now Rebecca would be degrading herself, the first step on a short journey of intense pleasure to the end of the young girl's life. She had made the girl's pussy extra sensitive so Rebecca would now struggle to get through a few hours of tomorrow without the desire to touch herself overwhelming her. Evie could not help her tomorrow during the day; Rebecca would have to struggle on her own, but tomorrow night...

Evie just smiled at the thought.