 Chapter 4: Rebecca's Performance. London 1883.

Rebecca awoke early. It was a beautiful day and she felt fresh. She briefly thought about what she had done last night, but put it out of her mind. She had just been in a strange mood after the opera, she told herself, and during the opera she had simply been overcome by the performances. Possibly she had become faint, maybe her bodice was too tight, but whatever it was the events that had happened in her imagination where certainly not real, she knew her friend Evie had certainly not groped her like that. It was preposterous.

While she was going over this Nana bustled into the room, holding a tea tray.

"Morning dear," Nana said, "I hope you are feeling well today?"

"Yes thank you Nana," replied Rebecca, as Nana poured the tea, "very well indeed."

Nana smiled and brought the tea over to Rebecca, who sipped it delicately.

"We have to be over at the Roberts's house for eleven o'clock, my dear," said Nana, picking up a few clothes that were strewn around the bedroom, "they are having a morning tea party." Rebecca groaned.

"Oh, do I have to," she protested, "it's such a lovely day, can't we go to the park?"

"No, your father insists," said Nana, "and he does not approve of you going to the park anyway."

Rebecca protested some more but she was fighting a losing battle, and as 11 o'clock approached she found herself getting dressed for the tea party.

The Roberts' house was only a few minutes' walk away and when they entered it was full of the high pitched chatter of excitable girls. Idiots, though Rebecca, stupid little whores. Rebecca was slightly surprised at the strength of her own thoughts for a second, she had never thought of anyone a whore before, but then she decided it did not matter, nobody knew what she was thinking.

She was ushered inside and given a seat opposite a couple of young posers called Claudine and Cleo. They were both thin and blonde and always eyed Rebecca's red hair and more developed form with suspicion. Rebecca smiled coldly at them.

"Did you have a nice evening last night Rebecca?" one of them asked sweetly, a smile playing across her lips.

"Yes thank you Cleo," replied Rebecca, "I went to the opera."

"I heard you went with your maid!" spurted Claudine before emitting a burst of high pitched laughter.

"Oh, really?" joined Cleo, "How embarrassing!"

The girls looked at Rebecca, failing to keep the smirks of their faces. They clearly thought the idea of going to the opera with your maid was ridiculous. Luckily Rebecca had an ace up her sleeve.

"Actually my maid was just acting as chaperone for the evening," she replied coolly, "I watched the performance with a friend of mine...Evie Clemence."

But the girls were intent on embarrassing Rebecca, and were not to be put off so easily.

"Who?" asked Cleo, an incredulous grin on her face, "I think I would just die if I had to go out with my maid, did the fat old woman snore throughout?" she sneered.

Rebecca was losing patience with the pair, but the memory of last night at the opera was starting to stir strange feelings inside of her.

"Actually," she said sweetly, through gritted teeth, "Nana appreciates fine opera, but as I said, she kindly gave up her ticket to my friend, Evie."

The girls laughed and continued to mock her, but Rebecca was struggling to concentrate on what they were saying. Once again she was starting to feel strange sensations in her private parts, and the green eyes of Evie seemed to be burning in her mind. She looked across at the pair of blondes and suddenly she found she was imagining them naked, wrapped around each other, kissing, touching and gasping for breath as orgasms thundered through their delicate frames. Rebecca gasped in shock and went bright red.

"Ahhh," said Claudine in a babyish voice, "poor little 'becca is getting upset..."

The sensation of desire suddenly began to well up inside Rebecca and soon she could take it no more. She quickly excused herself from the conversation and ran from the room, the girls' laughter ringing in her ears. She ran into the hall towards the toilet, but was shocked to see three other girls waiting outside it, each looking slightly embarrassed. Rebecca had to find somewhere private to be, anywhere would do. She bolted for the stairs and climbed them as quickly as she could, bursting through the first door she found.

It was a bedroom, possibly a spare bedroom as their appeared to be no personal belongings in here. Rebecca quickly sat down on the side of the bed and began to rub her mound through the many layers of clothes. Her breathing quickened and it felt good but it was not enough. Her mind raced; she could not possibly strip in a stranger's house, but to be found with her hand up her own dress was surely just as bad. Just then then door opened and Rebecca gave a yelp of surprise.

It was one of the servants, a man in his forties with a large belly. He was sweaty and quite ugly, and he was looking with an unnatural interest at Rebecca sat on the bed.

"Why hello, dear," he said closing the door behind him, "got a bit lost did we?"

"I-I was l-looking for the toilet and-" stuttered Rebecca.

"Oh yes?" he said grinning, "and you ended up in 'ere, all on your own."

The man walked across to her and stood in front of her.

"Don't be silly, little girl," he said, sneering and cradling her chin, "I can see from your face it was something else you wanted in this little room, eh?"

"No-no," Rebecca said, trying to stand up and get away, "I was just-"

Just then the man reached down and grabbed at Rebecca's privates, causing her to give an astonished shriek, but despite her surprise Rebecca felt a jolt of pleasure jerk through her body at his touch.

"Oh yes..." the man hissed, "you little rich girls do get yourselves all hot and bothered don't you?"

He pushed Rebecca back on the bed and started massaging her mound through her dress.

"No..." she protested feebly, "please don't...it's not right..."

"No," he said, "but it feels good doesn't it, and you want it my little pretty..."

He was right, her privates were aching for his touch and she could almost feel Evie within her, urging her on. But she would not give in that easily.

"Someone will be looking for me...they will find us..." she gasped between breaths.

"Well it is lucky that I just happen to have the key to this room in my pocket then" said the man grinning horribly.

He stopped groping her and turned away, walking across the room towards the door. He put the key in the lock and turned it, and as she heard the bolt click into place, Rebecca knew she was not getting out of this. The worrying thing was, half of her did not want to get away, she wanted him to come back and touch her.

"I am a virgin..." she said, as a last protest.

The man chuckled.

"I know you are dear, but you don't think I would be stupid enough to take the virginity of a rich man's daughter do you?" he walked back over to her and put his horrible face right up to hers, "we are going to have a different sort of fun."

He grabbed her mound again, causing her to gasp in pleasure. He then lifted up her dress and pulled off her undergarments revealing her soaking wet virgin pussy.

"Oh what a pretty little cunt" the man said, before reaching forward and rubbing her clit with his rough fingers. 

Rebecca moaned and pushed her hips forward as he teased her, the sensations were too much to bear, and the thought that she was acting like a filthy street whore just made her want it more. Just then the man extended his middle finger and pushed the dirty digit into her tight, hot cunt hole. The sensation was so intense that Rebecca came immediately, her body shuddering and her pussy contracting around his finger. The man clasped his other hand over her mouth to stifle her rapturous screams and then continued to frig her until she was delirious with pleasure and was thrashing about like an animal. She was so high on the sensation that even after he finally withdrew his finger her orgasm continued for a full minute.

She lay panting on the bed, her face covered in sweat while the man knelt beside her. Her privates were still on fire and her mind was reeling when she felt something strange against her lips. She opened her eyes to see the man's erect cock, short, fat and bright red nestling against her pretty mouth.

"Suck on it rich whore," he said, his cruel words making Rebecca feel even more horny. 

Despite her disgust at the idea of putting a man's penis in her mouth she found herself parting her lips and letting him slip his cock inside. She sucked on it for all she was worth, it tasted horrible and made her feel worthless, but the man had just given her the most amazing experience of her life and she knew she had to repay him. After a few short minutes he jerked and her mouth was filled with foul tasting sticky cum, which he told her to swallow. He knelt for a few minutes, breathing heavily while Rebecca idly licked the last drops of cum from is twitching cock, and then he placed his cock back in his trousers and ordered Rebecca to put her underwear back on. She did so grudgingly, but felt so weak and light headed when she stood up that he had to help her out of the door and down the stairs. As Rebecca leant against him she could smell his disgusting unwashed clothes and greasy hair, but despite this and despite his ugliness she knew she would suck his cock again if he asked, if only to have that feeling once more inside her.

At the bottom of the stairs was Nana, a look of panic across her face.

"I found her asleep in one of the bedrooms," the fat pervert said to Nana, "I don't think she is feeling too well."

"Oh poor child," said Nana, "we had better get you home."

"Sorry Nana," mumbled Rebecca, "I just felt a little tired."

"You are more than just tired, Rebecca" the old maid said, "you're all flushed, you must be burning up. Thank you for finding her Mr. Stevens."

"No problem Margret," the man said, "I do hope you feel better soon Rebecca."

"Thank you Mr. Stevens" said Rebecca, to the man whose cum she could still taste in her mouth and who had made her sore pussy feel so good.

"No problem, my dear," he said, "anytime."

Rebecca lay in her bed at home and did not know whether to weep or laugh. Her body was still buzzing from her earlier orgasms, and her cunt, as the man had called it, was still hot, but she now felt so degraded. What's was wrong with her, she wondered, why had she allowed this to happen? She felt so dirty and immoral, but at the same time she had enjoyed it so much, and given the choice, she knew part of her would not hesitate to be back in that room with that disgusting man making her whole body shudder with pleasure. It was all too complicated and she suddenly felt tired, but before she fell asleep she removed her nightdress and gently rubbed her sore pussy; she felt so much better when she was naked.

When Rebecca awoke it was nearly dark and her clothes were still all over the floor. Her father had gone away on business this morning, but she was surprised Nana had not been in to clean her room or get her out of bed. She had not been that ill at the party, she thought, Nana should at least have brought some supper. Suddenly she felt cold and afraid, panic shot through her and she thought she must be the only one in the house; everyone had left her. However she was not the only person in the house.

"Hello Rebecca," said Evie, "are you feeling better?"

"Evie!" squealed Rebecca, surprised and delighted to find her friend sitting in the corner of the room, "When did you get here? Why are you sitting in the dark?"

"I've been here a little while, but I did not want to wake you up," replied Evie calmly, "your maid said that you were taken ill this afternoon."

"Well, yes but between the two of us, it was not really much of an illness."

"Good," said Evie, "because I was hoping to take you out this evening."

"Take me out...really? Perhaps we could go back to the theatre," Rebecca said hopefully, "my father is away for a few days, so if I could just get past Nana..."

"I was thinking of something slightly different," Evie said, smiling, "and Nana has had to go away as well...an important family matter I believe."

"Oh...so it is just us..." Rebecca said, the excitement building inside her.

"Yes sweetie," said Evie, "and the night is ours."

Rebecca laughed happily. She could not believe that after months and years of being locked away from society she was now here about to go out with a friend.

"Come on then," said Evie, "get dressed, I have laid out some clothes for you."

Rebecca looked at the end of her bed and saw the garments. They were much more risqué than anything she usually wore, and the red dress was definitely going to show off her cleavage.

"Wow...Evie, those look a little...provocative?" she said, a little unsure.

"Well we want to have a good time don't we?" laughed Evie, "you should not be afraid of showing off your beautiful body."

"No of course..." said Rebecca, she was slightly unnerved by her friend's attitude, but was warming to the idea of showing off, "I'll get dressed now then."

She leant over and turned on the light, before slipping out of bed, forgetting that she was naked.

"Oh my goodness!" she shouted, trying to cover herself up "I'm sorry Evie, I did not mean to-"

"Don't worry Rebecca," said Evie, fixing those beautiful eyes on the girl, "you have nothing to be ashamed of..."

Rebecca started to feel hot under the other girl's gaze. For some reason she felt the desire to show Evie her body again, to display herself for the girl, but she knew it was so wrong. Evie stood up and walked towards Rebecca.

"Here she said," taking Rebecca's hands, "let me help you."

Evie leant towards Rebecca, staring deep into her eyes, and Rebecca moved forwards towards Evie. Their lips touched and they shared a long and passionate kiss. Rebecca could not believe she was doing anything as disgusting as sitting naked in front of another girl and kissing her, but right at that moment there was nowhere else in the world she would rather be. As she broke off the kiss and stared into Evie's eyes, she knew she would do anything the girl asked of her.

"Tonight is going to be fun," said Evie. Rebecca just giggled.

Half an hour later they arrived at their destination. They both looked very smart, but Rebecca was the one attracting the most attention in her low cut red dress. The destination was a drinking establishment that Evie had frequented during her time in London, but that a girl of Rebecca's standing should never have gone near in her whole life. It was set below street level and the girls had to climb down some steps to enter the dingy bar area. The light was low and the air full of sickly sweet smoke, but Rebecca could still see enough to know that Evie had led her somewhere troublesome. The clientele of this bar were varied, in one corner a group of young sailors were singing loudly and drunkenly, while another corner simply had two ancient Chinese men sucking silently one their long pipes. There were other women there to, but they were mainly tired looking whores who eyed Rebecca and Evie with amusement, sniggering at the girls' pretty dresses and innocent faces. 

It was difficult to say how large the bar area was as some parts were almost completely shrouded in darkness, and as Rebecca stared into these areas of darkness she could only imagine what sins where being committed, just out of sight. Evie led Rebecca confidently to a small booth on the far side of the bar and they both sat down. The air was so thick with smoke in here that Rebecca could not even see the entrance to the bar across the room. Evie sat observed her prey with a small smile playing across her lips; she knew that this pretty young redhead would soon be doing things that she would not have been able to even comprehend a few days ago. 

A tired looking waitress came over and asked what they wanted to drink, Evie ordered a bottle of whisky and a pack of cigarettes, Rebecca said nothing but just stared into the darkness, her eyes wide and unblinking.

"You'll get use to it soon," said Evie, observing the young girl.

Rebecca turned towards her sharply.

"Why have you brought me here Evie?" she said, fear edging into her voice.

Evie leaned towards Rebecca and kissed her lightly on the lips.

"To teach you," she said simply, "and to give you some...new experiences..."

The whisky arrived and Evie poured Rebecca a glass, before lighting two cigarettes and passing one over. Rebecca look a tentative puff on the cigarette and launched into a coughing fit, she tried to get rid of the taste with the whisky, but that just made it worse. Evie just giggled at the girl's troubles.

The coughing had caught the attention of the sailors in the corner, and while Rebecca tried to sort herself out with another shot of whisky, one of the younger members of the group made his way over to the girls. He said nothing but simply stood in front of the nervous looking Rebecca while Evie watched on amused. He then unbuttoned his trousers and brought out a large erect cock, and presented it to Rebecca.

The rest of the sailors where laughing hysterically in their corner, and Evie was struggling to keep a straight face as she watched the look of horror plastered on Rebecca's face. Rebecca was horrified, but once again she felt that burning desire deep within her, and try as she might she could not take her eyes off the cock. Without really thinking about it she leaned forwards and took it in her mouth and started gently sucking on it.

The sailor looked surprised at first but he soon got into it, closing his eyes and moaning as Rebecca sucked and licked him. His friends on the other table had fallen into a shocked silence when Rebecca started giving the man a blow job, but they were now hooting wolf whistling from across the room. After a short time the sailor jerked and spurted his creamy load into Rebecca's mouth, and she swallowed it eagerly, looking him in the eyes as she licked him clean. She licked her lips and the sailor backed away with a smile on his face, while Rebecca looked towards the others sailors at the table, dirty thoughts running through her mind. She was about to go over and choose another cock to suck, when Evie placed a hand on her wrist. The large burly barman had moved from behind the bar and was now aggressively throwing the first sailor out; apparently even in this sort of establishment some things were forbidden. His friends got up and tried to fight the barman, but a group of drunken sailors were no match for this man, and eventually they were all thrown out of the door. The barman began to move back towards Evie and Rebecca, intent on throwing them out as well but Evie just looked at him. He hesitated and then turned back, taking up his position behind the bar; he had seen far too much in his time to try and mess with a girl like Evie.

The moment of excitement brought Rebecca back to her senses.

"Oh God!" she gasped, "I just...I just..."

"You sucked his cock, darling," said Evie sweetly, "you're learning fast."

"But it is so...wrong!" Rebecca squealed.

Evie moved closer to Rebecca and kissed her softly on the lips, before reaching down and gently massaging Rebecca's mound.

"But you would do it again, wouldn't you?" she whispered as Rebecca closed her eyes and moaned at Evie's touch.

Rebecca just nodded, she knew she would do it again, she could not resist when that feeling rose up inside her...it just felt too good. Evie toyed with Rebecca for a bit longer, getting the girl nice and horny, before turning back to observe the room to work out whom she could manipulate into tempting Evie next. Rebecca lit another cigarette and took a long drag, causing her to cough slightly, but not much. She could not understand what was happening to her, but she did not want it to ever stop. Her pussy was begging to be touched and fingered, her nipples were hard...performing some illicit, degrading act was all she could think of.
