 NOTE: This is NOT Game of Thrones fan fiction. The Game of Thralls stories are part of a mythos of my creation called the Game of Thralls Mythos (abbreviated as GOTM, but pronounced as if saying, "Got 'em!"). They are set primarily in the modern day, though there could theoretically be flashbacks, visions of the future, and time travel since magic and the supernatural are treated as real. The stories feature names and concepts inspired by the hit TV series Game of Thrones, but the stories contain NO SPOILERS for the show and NO COPYRIGHTED CHARACTERS.

This particular story is an erotic fantasy set in the modern day featuring nudity, non-consensual sex, tentacles, and a few very mild choice words. It is not meant to approve of the actions depicted. This story is pure fantasy and does not portray reality in any way. It was written for Alina to include some things she enjoys.

WARNING: This is your last chance to avoid being offended. Nudity and tentacles and non-consensual arousal lie ahead. Turn back now or forever hold your peace. Remember, this is only a fantasy! *smiles*

*

Alina - A Steamy Shower - Game of Thralls Mythos

Alina felt very brave and a little bit naughty as she used the full-length mirror in her bathroom to snap a teasing nude selfie of herself from behind. The image showed off her brown, longer than shoulder-length hair, bare back, slender waist, curvaceous behind, and lovely legs while also managing to hint at the curve of her breast from the front. She bit her lip as she double-checked the image, excited at the thought of posting something so provocative. The picture was perfect! It showed so much bare skin, yet maintained a level of modesty which emboldened Alina to immediately upload the image online before she would have a chance to second-guess herself.

Re-orienting her new Apricot-brand ePhone to horizontal, Alina's feminine fingers quickly tapped the on-screen keyboard to name and describe the image, then she took a deep breath and touched the command to post it. "There, it's done!" she thought, and was thrilled to have finally taken a step into new, uncharted territory. She felt almost like one of her favorite characters in the Game of Thralls TV series and novels, Kara Drake, when she had infiltrated the cult of the Many-Sexed God and was stripped nude for the initiation ceremony.

"This one can't wait to listen to the audio book of 'Swords Against the Storm,' " Alina thought to herself in imitation of how the cult's assassins spoke. "I don't know how Kara can possibly get away from those killers called the Sexless Ones. I am going to be so mad at Val R.R. McJames if Kara dies. GRRR!" She began to swipe through the icons on her phone to find the app for the Auditory audio book service.

Val R.R. McJames, the creator-author of the Game of Thralls TV series and the novelizations of each season of the show, was known for killing off popular characters right when the reader least expected it. The beloved gentle giant Hugo had just died in a way that poignantly explained why he had kept on repeating his own name. Alina's heart had broken watching that episode.

Now Kara Drake, one of the descendants of Sir Francis Drake himself, was in mortal danger trying to recover the silver-steel sword of her ancestor from a cult that worshipped a god with many sexual appendages, hence the name "Many-Sexed God." The cult's assassins were known as the Sexless Ones because they could wear the genitals of any human or non-human being, and they typically chose to wear the tentacles of a dark entity from another dimension. They could even detach the entity and let it slither around on its own. "Eww! Gross!" Alina shuddered at the thought of how realistic the special effects had been during the episodes when this happened.

Alina grew tired of swiping around looking for the proper icon on her phone and instead laid her fingertip on the fingerprint sensor and then removed it. The built-in voice-operated assistant quickly made herself available, "What can I do for you, Alina?" While sliding open the glass door to her shower with her right hand, Alina held the phone up in her left hand and replied, "Ziri, start Auditory and read me Game of Thralls: Swords Against the Storm, chapter 13. And connect to my Bluetooth speaker; set volume at 85 percent." "That should do it," Alina thought as she checked her shampoo bottle and found it nearly empty. "I should be able to hear it above the shower now. Darn, need a new bottle. Oh, I will go grab the new one in my shopping bag on the table. Good thing I remembered to buy one." She placed her phone on a small table near the shower door and padded off on her bare feet to retrieve the new shampoo.

No sooner had Alina set her phone down than the story of chapter 13 began. It would prove to be an unlucky one for its main character, Kara, and for Alina herself. The narrator spoke, "Kara lightly trod on her bare feet as she snuck up to the stand displaying her ancestor's silver-steel sword, Skewer. She expected almost all of the cult members to be asleep now, exhausted from the night's orgy. It was the perfect opportunity for Kara to make off with this prize that rightfully belonged to her family anyway. Yet the orgasms Kara had been forced to experience during the orgy as she played along to buy time had taken their toll, leaving her a bit drained."

"Kara never noticed the thin tentacle creature slither out from beneath a bookcase and move into position behind her as she caught her breath admiring the intricate magical symbols carved into the rapier's protective handguard." Meanwhile, in the real world, it looked as if the screen of Alina's ePhone had begun to warp and bend upward then start to ooze over the edge of the device like some dark tar pit spewing forth its filth. While Alina fumbled through the shopping bag in the other room, the dark mass continued to boil over the edge of the phone and ooze out onto the table, then over the table's edge and dropped down to floor. Instinctively seeking a place to hide, the black puddle of an otherworldly tentacle creature slithered into the shower and spiraled down into the drain just as Alina returned with shampoo in hand, her attention focused on reading the label.

Popping open the top on the bottle and taking a whiff, Alina said quietly, "Mmm, nice!" She padded over to the shower while Kara's story continued to unfold as told by the pleasant, English-accented voice of the narrator. "Oh no, Kara is in real trouble now," Alina thought as she listened to how the tentacle creature began to silently grow to man-size behind Kara while sprouting a dozen tentacles. She plopped the new shampoo into the place of the old one, snatched up a fresh towel and draped it over the horizontal metal bar on the outside of the shower's sliding glass door, and glanced down at her ePhone, lightly touching it to wake its display. "Good," Alina noted, "There is plenty of story time and battery left for me to take a relaxing shower and then get ready before tonight's episode of Game of Thralls on TV. I'm really looking forward to what everyone is calling the 'Battle of the Bitches.' "

Alina then extended one shapely leg into the shower, taking a step toward her own battle for survival. She finished stepping inside the spacious enclosure and reached behind her to slide the see-through door closed while it almost brushed against her firm derriere. She adjusted the showerhead so the water would not immediately fall upon her upper body and turned it on, dialing in the perfect warm temperature as an "OOO" escaped her full lips at how good it felt. Then she positioned the spray so that it was fully directed toward her and began to enjoy the feeling of her naked body being drenched in warm liquid.

As Alina shampooed her long, brown locks of hair, luxuriating in the sense of relaxation with her eyes closed, her awareness of her surroundings began to be replaced by imagining herself in Kara's place and about to be attacked and possibly ravaged by one of the dreaded tentacle beasts. Alina did not often admit it except to her online friends, but Kara Drake and the other main protagonist of Game of Thralls, Danielle Stormchaser, were her favorite Damsels in Distress. She thought it was so hot the way they were always getting into sexual peril, yet so far Val R.R. McJames had not written them out of the story. They always seemed to escape at the last second or be rescued or find some way to survive despite the odds being stacked against them.

This time though, things did not look good for Kara in the story. Kara had just unlocked the display case to allow her to finally reclaim the sword Skewer when the tentacle creature struck. Multiple appendages grabbed each of Kara's limbs as even more began to form from the body of the creature. Her fingertips just brushed the grip of the sword before the prehensile protrusions of her attacker started pulling her back into its body. Alina shuddered at the thought of being so helpless, but also felt a twinge of excitement. She finished rinsing out the shampoo and enjoyed pulling her wet hair back and out of her face when it felt so clean. Then as she heard of the first tentacle surrounding Kara's bare midriff, Alina reached her hands down and began caressing her own tummy.

"Ohh ... ooo ... Mmm!" Alina murmured as she turned to face the showerhead while keeping her eyes closed and imagining the feeling of her own super-sensitive navel being touched by intrusive tentacles. Unbeknownst to her, an inky blackness welled up from the drain near her bare feet, slithered between them in a thin line, and then regathered itself in a circle behind her. Then it began to grow in girth and stature as it enlarged itself to exceed Alina's height. All this time, Alina was lost in the Auditory story of Kara's struggle, unaware that her own was about to begin.

Tentacles sprouted from the dark entity poised behind Alina, appearing to be enticed by her naked body so close and so vulnerable. The first smaller tentacle lightly brushed Alina's bare bottom. "Ooo," Alina moaned as she imagined the tentacles teasing her body just as they were doing to Kara in the story. Her imagination was so real that she almost felt something brush her behind. The knowledge that her imagination was making this seem so real caused her to tingle all over. She never suspected that she was naked and trapped in her own shower with a being that existed for only one purpose: to sexually arouse its prey, feed off the sexual energy of the victim's orgasms, and then suck them away to either another dimension or to a magic circle in this world that had been especially enchanted for this purpose.

The base of the oozing tentacle creature had spread out like a puddle of pitch-black tar. More than a dozen tentacles had formed and even more were forming as smaller appendages all over the creature's equivalent of a body, which appeared more or less to be in the shape of a pillar. Still Alina was lost in her imagination as the narrator spoke of Kara's desperation, "Kara struggled in vain against the tentacles entwining her limbs and body, helpless as multiple appendages began tugging down her skimpy shorts and pulling against the knot that she had tied her shirt up with in her haste to get to the sword. Kara groaned in frustration as the knot came undone and her bare breasts fell free while the garment was pulled up and off over her head and arms with careful coordination by the many tentacles."

Alina was now completely engrossed in the events of the story, listening as Kara was stripped to her panties and groped by many appendages. Alina's right hand cupped and fondled her own breasts while her left hand slid down over her belly button and positioned itself to have her thumb tease upward toward her navel while her fingertips coaxed her love button to not be so shy. The tentacle creature behind Alina shuddered and rippled all over as it sensed the arousal of its prey and knew that it could no longer hold back from feasting on the voluptuous young woman before it.

Throwing her head back, Alina moaned out loud as the warm water cascaded over her breasts and down her body, "OHH ... OOO ... MMM!" A flow of her own juices inside had begun as well ever since she started teasing her own clit in time with the events of the audio story. The tentacle creature glided up to Alina's naked body and stretched out its many prehensile "arms" all at the same time like an eager lover. In an instant, each ankle, calf, and thigh was encircled by a tentacle, suckers feeling like multiple kissing mouths as they latched onto her bare, wet skin. Since Alina's left arm was lowered and her left hand in the way of the creature's intended target, the entity made sure to wrap her left wrist, forearm and upper arm with tentacles and pull that arm out and away from her body then upward.

The sudden feeling of her limbs being restrained caused Alina to open her eyes in shock. She felt two tentacles entwine her right upper arm and forearm, but the tentacle aiming for her right wrist was knocked away as she instinctively began flailing her right arm as much as possible. "AGHH!" Alina gasped and then blurted out, "What the heck?" Her erotic reverie was coming true all about her. She saw two thicker tentacles wrap around her body, one a bit above her belly button and another a bit below, almost as if framing the expanse of her toned tummy and restraining it for further exploration.

It was these two strong tentacles that the creature used to pull itself right up to Alina's bare back and behind. Alina saw another tentacle being added to each arm by slithering under her arms near her body and then curving up and backward over her shoulders, the suckers adding arousing kissing sensations as she was pulled back against the entity's body. She felt both of her soft yet firm buttocks become engulfed as they nestled into the mass of the creature. The creature's body formed suckers all over the surface in contact with her bottom, and they repeatedly latched onto her skin and then released, feeling like constant, sensuous kisses while also squeezing and kneading. 

"AHH ... AGHH ... UHH ... NOO!" Alina protested, but she had already begun the betrayal of her own body by arousing herself while imagining Kara caught in exactly the same struggle. Writhing and twisting as the warm water continued to splash over her young body, Alina tried to understand how this could possibly be happening. Then she saw two more tentacles sucker-kiss their way along her skin from behind her to in front of her body, wrap around her perky breasts, and begin to grope them. The tip of each tentacle had a mouth-like orifice that latched onto her noticeably erect nipples and began to suck.

Alina struggled to use her slightly freer right hand to reach for the tentacles molesting her breasts, but just then the tentacle that had originally missed her right wrist finally found it and encircled it. The creature pulled her right arm outward and away from her body then upward. Slowly the tentacles tugged her legs apart wider and wider until Alina was spread-eagled and completely defenseless. This was the moment the creature had been seeking, to have its prey immobilized and at its mercy. The feeding on her sexual energies could now begin.

"Oh no! NO! Let me go!" Alina cried as her limbs were restrained so far apart, leaving her naked body totally vulnerable. Alina's mind raced, thinking to herself, "This can't be happening. I'm experiencing everything that Kara is. No way! This can't be real." But her thoughts trailed back to the news reports she had heard earlier in the day. There were so many missing person reports in the wake of the premier episode of Game of Thralls this season. People were saying it was a massive publicity stunt to secretly bring the winners of some kind of contest to appear on the show as extras. But so far no one had yet returned from this supposed guest appearance, and their families and friends were threatening to boycott the show and the network that broadcast it, The Deviant Channel, if their loved ones were not allowed to come home soon.

Alina had spent a lot of time looking at the Wiki pages for Game of Thralls, and she knew that the tentacle entity attacking Kara in this chapter of Swords Against the Storm and assaulting herself in reality could transport people to other places in the world or even to other, hellish dimensions. But it needed to absorb sexual energy to be able to perform this magic. "I've got to resist," Alina realized in her thoughts, "I can't let this thing force me to climax. I have to get free!" But at that very moment, the eldritch entity extended multiple appendages that would challenge her resolve to the limit.

Half a dozen extremely thin tentacles began sucker-kissing their way around Alina's slender waist, three from each side: kiss, release, kiss, release, kiss, release. All the while, the same was being done to her breasts all over, multiple suckers kissing and releasing in rapid succession while the hungry orifice at the tips of the two teasing tentacles relentlessly tugged and sucked on her now extremely erect and sensitive nipples. "NO," Alina protested, "Stop! I am not Kara. You can't have me! AGHH ... UHH ... UHH ... OOO ... MMM!" But her words only seemed to drive the sex beast into more of a frenzy as she felt the six tentacles work their way around to now surround her super sensitive navel.

Alina started to breathe heavily as the dark entity toyed with her fit, young body. Upon touching her skin it perceived her body's responsiveness more and more, and now it not only knew all her sexual vulnerabilities, it enjoyed watching her squirm. All around the sexy indentation in her waist the tentacles danced and writhed like sharks sensing prey in their midst. All six thin tentacle tips teased up to the very edge of her belly button, kissing and releasing, rubbing and caressing. "OHHH ... NOOO ... not there ... get away from me ... AGHH ... stop it!" Alina demanded, but she knew she could not hold out long against such determined exploration of one of the most sensitive parts of her body.

Alina's stomach expanded and contracted in sync with her rapid breathing, and this only seemed to drive the tentacles crazy with desire as they now dared to explore over the edge of the vulnerable indentation at the center of her waist. The first tentacle tip dipped inside, kissed with its tiny sucker and released, then the second entered and took liberties, sucking and then releasing. A third tentacle probed inward, driving into her navel and teasing the very bottom, kissing there and refusing to let go. Then the other three tips slid in and began to inflict a flurry of kissing sensations like sharks in a feeding frenzy.

"AAGHH ... AHH ... AHH ... No ... please ... stop!" Alina valiantly resisted the sensations, but her body began to betray her. More and more of her sweet nectar had begun to flow and this attracted the attention of more tentacles. A slender tentacle kiss-sucked its way along her right hip and then dove down the front of her body to wrap around her now very aroused love button. Its slender tip caressed up and down, rubbing and vibrating against her now captive clitoris. Alina involuntarily arched her back hard but the body of the creature behind her only curved with her to keep up the stimulation. Her body had become a fine musical instrument, and the entity was a virtuoso playing a tune of erotic desire that only its expert ministrations could satisfy -- and now was the time.

Alina felt an appendage sprout from the creature's body just below her buttocks -- which were still being relentlessly groped and kissed by numerous suckers -- and slither forward between her legs, rubbing firmly up against her all the while. Then it was curving up with the contour of her body and writhing and rubbing up and down her nether lips that were already glistening with her juices, though the water spraying down from the showerhead over her voluptuous curves somewhat hid that fact. Alina looked down with dismay as she realized she was completely powerless to stop this new member from joining the orgiastic party by plundering her pussy whenever it wanted. Splayed spread eagle by multiple strong tentacles, she could only look on and begin to imagine what would inevitably come next.
