 The next morning Luke got out of bed far later than normal and Amos was already out in the fields. The previous night had been a wild one for Sarah and him. She had been a wild woman and insisted on sex over and over again until they had both collapsed from the exertion. Luke still felt his wife's hot lips sucking his manhood with an intensity he had never experience before in his life. He blushed as he remembered how after he had cum in his wife, she had forced his head down to lick up their combined juices. Never before had Sarah been so demanding, and Luke had ensured that her every desire was fulfilled. Tired and sore, Luke mounted a tractor and drove it out into the fields.

Sarah pretended to be asleep as Luke left their room. The memories of what had happened the night before swept over her and she was ashamed at the very daring acts, which she had her husband perform. She had to admit that she had been sexually sated in full that night; however, just thinking about those events caused Sarah to crave more. She rose from the bed and took care of the baby. She was too late to fix breakfast for the family, but it was about time that they took care of themselves for once.

She took the baby outside while she worked the garden. The sun was warm and later in the day one of the women from the church would be coming to take her to the planning meeting for the church party. As she watered the garden her mind drifted to the night before and she wondered if she might be able to talk Luke into taking her anally. She had never done that before, in fact, she had been raised to think it was a terrible sin; however, there was something so exciting about exploring new sexual horizons.

As she reflected upon the sex of the previous night she suddenly remembered Micah in the barn. Evidently he had stayed out of sight while Amos and Luke had taken the tractors out for the day's work. She realized the mysterious, extremely handsome man must be hungry and thirsty. Sarah decided to put the baby down for a nap and take Micah something to eat and drink. Quickly she took care of the baby and gathered up some food and a glass of apple cider. 

"Micah, Micah where are you?" she called as she entered the barn.

"I'm right here," Micah said stepping from the shadow. "I've been keeping myself out of sight as you asked."

"Luke and Grandpa would never understand about you being here and how I like to hear your stories, but I'm thinking all this isn't right and you had better be on your way."

"Have I offended you, Sarah? If so I am truly sorry. I don't wish to impose upon your kindness. Staying here has been wonderful, but if you want me gone, I'll go. First perhaps you would like to hear some more about my adventures."

"Yes, I would like that. You see, I've never been much of anywhere. The furthest I've gone is from West Virginia to here and there wasn't a lot of time during that trip for much sightseeing."

"Then, sit down and I shall tell you about strange places and even stranger people who inhabit this world."

The man then began to spin tales of distant locations and the practices of diverse cultures. Sarah's mind was caught up with the spell the man's words wove and she saw herself wandering new and far locations. When Micah's descriptions turned to sexual practices of different cultures, she felt herself redden and knew that she should not listen to such sinful things. However, Micah made her realize that different cultures looked upon sex not as a sinful thing but as a natural act, which all people need. She heard about people who offered their wives to guests as a sign of friendship and respect. She learned about men and women who were not ashamed of their bodies and gave their bodies freely without guilt. 

At the end of an hour, Sarah rose from where she sat with weak legs to take Micah's empty plate and glass. She knew that what she had listened to was sinful, but it had also been very exciting. The stranger's words seemed more exciting than anything she had ever heard before during her life. Micah stood and bowed to her, before taking her in his arms and pressing his lips lightly against hers.

"Thank you, dear lady for listening to the ramblings of this poor philosopher. I thank you for all you kindness and while I would love to stay here, I realize your position and will go."

"The day after tomorrow Rachel will be having her boyfriend over to meet the family. I guess you can stay until then. I'll bring you out something for supper, after all the family is fed and things quiet down in the house."

"You have my undying thanks, dear lady. I truly enjoy our talks. Perhaps in the future you can tell me more about yourself."

"I'm afraid there isn't much to tell there. Well, you just keep out of sight and I'll bring you supper. I won't be able to stay and you will have to hide the plate so Grandpa and Luke won't see it."

"You can count on me. I shall be as the very shadows themselves."

Sarah found herself trembling as she left the barn. The very intimate descriptions, which Micah had told her had set her body afire with desire; so, that when her friend arrived to take her and the baby to the church meeting, she found it difficult to concentrate on what was happening at the meeting. 

That night, after she had taken Micah a plate of food and a glass of drink, Sarah returned to the house. She quickly went to her room and got into bed with her husband. Luke found that the wild woman of the previous evening had return with renewed intensity. She insisted that Luke anally penetrate her and would not take no for an answer. Although Luke had been raised to believe that it was a grave sin to sodomize a woman, he caved in to the demands of his wife. Lubing up her back entrance with a liberal amount of petroleum jelly, he slowly forced his cock into her bowels. At first Sarah cried aloud with the pain of his advancing cock, but when Luke said he would pull out, she told him to continue. Once he was firmly entrenched in her anus, Luke began to fuck her hard and fast. Her moans of pain swiftly turned to sighs of pleasure as she felt her husband performing such a wicked act upon her body. 

Her hand sought out her clit and her fingers rubbed quickly over it in time with her man's thrusts. The combination of the sensations of Luke's cock and her fingers on her clitty quickly brought her to an intense climax. She felt her pussy squirt out its juice as she gasped from the force of her cumming. Moments later, Luke groaned as he sent his seed into her, pushing himself deeper with every thrust until he was fully drained of cum. 

After they had both cleaned themselves up, they snuggled tight and Luke fell fast asleep. Sarah lay awake for awhile longer, feeling Luke's cum slowly oozing from her well fucked bottom hole. As she lay there in the darkness, her thoughts turned to the whitish blond man who was sleeping in the barn. His words about the sexual practices of distant cultures warmed her lower regions and caused her nipples to stand fully erect. Satisfied that she had finally done something exciting and forbidden, she fell into a deep sleep.

She awoke early the next day to fix the family breakfast. It was Saturday and Luke Jr. was home for the day. Rachel left soon after breakfast to meet some of her friends in Potterville. Luke and Amos left to go out into the fields leaving Sarah with Luke Jr. and the baby. Sarah soon found herself calling up one of the neighbors telling them that Luke Jr. would like to come over to play with their son. Taking the family's battered truck she drove Luke Jr. over to the neighbors to spend the day. When she returned, she put the baby in her playpen and fixed Micah something to eat and drink.

In her mind she was having an adventure. The man in the barn was her secret stranger. He opened new horizons to her and fired her with thoughts, which she had never dreamed existed. As she entered the barn she looked around for her friend, but did not see him.

"Micah?" she called. "Are you in here?"

"Yes, indeed," came the man's deep reply as he stepped from the shadows at the far end of the barn. "I wasn't sure it was you that entered. You did want me to keep out of sight. Here is the plate and glass you left me last night. I'm sorry we didn't see each other then, but as you wish I must keep hidden."

"Well, here is something for you. I hope you like it. I can't stay too long because I want to get things ready for when Rachel's boyfriend arrives tomorrow."

"Even a few moments with you are a blessing, I assure you. Spare me but a few moments while I eat and tell me about yourself. While I have yet much to tell you, I would find it very enjoyable to learn more about my hostess."

"Like I said, I don't have much to say. I haven't done the things you have done or seen the things you have seen. I am very much an ordinary farm housewife. Still and all if that's what you want I'll do my best."

Sarah began by telling Micah about her childhood days and soon found herself talking about things, which she had never discussed, even with her husband. Micah was a good listener and interrupted very seldom. As she looked into his deep blue eyes, she knew he understood her every emotion. She soon found herself talking about her sex life and how Luke had taken her anal virginity the pervious night. "Good for you, Sarah," Micah complimented her. "You are beginning to explore the boundaries of your sexuality. That is important for a woman. You have only one life and during that life you should reach out and take all that you can. Experience all you can experience, without guilt, without shame, with just pleasure. You were meant for pleasure and you should take it while you can."

"I don't know. Maybe you are right. Last night with Luke was something wildly wicked. I don't think anyone in my family ever did such a thing, but you know it did make me feel good."

"Of course it did. You were opening yourself to new feelings. There is nothing wrong or unnatural with that. You are a most beautiful woman. One who deserves to explore all life has to give. Let me tell you there are many men in this world that would enjoy having you to themselves for only a few moments. 

"Now, of course you must leave and get about your duties. In the morning I will be gone so as not to be a further burden to you."

"No don't go," Sarah pleaded, "stay just a few more days. I need someone to talk to around here and you are a good friend."

"Very well, as you wish," the man stood and helped Sarah rise from where she was seated. He took her firmly in his arms and kissed her deep. His tongue softly invaded her mouth before he pulled himself away from her. "I know you will be very busy tomorrow, but perhaps tomorrow night, when everyone is asleep you can come out to see me for a short while and we can talk."

"I'm not going to promise anything. It is risky enough bringing you food. I'm a fool for doing this, but I will try to come to see you tomorrow night."

"I shall live only for that moment, dear lady. We shall sit here in the dark of the barn and weave tales. You shall find that it will make you a new and stronger woman."

"I have to run. Like I said, I don't promise but I will try to come out for a little bit."

Sarah was positively shaking when she left the barn. The implications of what she had just agreed to coursed through her mind. She was actually thinking of sneaking out of the house when everyone was asleep to meet a relative stranger in the darkness of the barn. As she went into the house to tend to the baby she knew that no matter what she would keep her appointment with Micah. There was something almost mystical about him in the way he could describe things, making her feel she was actually somewhere else. Then there was the fact that he was the most handsome man she had ever seen. Luke was handsome and loving, but the man in the barn was more compelling than any movie idol that had ever lived.

She was busy all the rest of that day, running errands here and there to make sure that everything would be perfect when Rachel's beau came to visit. When the day was done, she and Luke lay in bed. She held her man close. To her, Luke would always be her love. He was a rock that she could cling to through all time and eternity. The stranger in the barn would soon be gone, but she had to admit that he had inspired her to do things, which she would never have done if she had never met him. Micah's tales of love and lust filled her mind and she turned her attentions to her husband. Luke found that the wild woman of the last couple of nights had returned and he had his hands full meeting her desires. No less than three times did Sarah demand sexual satisfaction that night, and it was only after he ate the residue of their love, after their last coupling, that she let him fall asleep.

Sunday was a busy day. After Rachel and Sarah fixed breakfast, the family left for church. Sarah did her best to concentrate on Pastor Bob's sermon, but she felt an almost overwhelming tingling in her pussy, which made it hard for her to think. She realized that what she was doing was very wrong. Although nothing serious had happened between her and Micah, she could clearly see where events were taking her. She was risking everything and somehow that seemed very adventurous and exciting. 

Rachel's boyfriend arrived right on time. He was a tall, dark haired young man who seemed very nervous at meeting his girlfriend's family. He was very polite and well mannered. Quickly, Luke and Amos took to him and began to talk about everything from farming to sports. Before long Mark seemed to relax and his shyness began to fade away. Even Luke Jr. warmed up to Mark and the two fell into a conversation about school and pranks and practical jokes.

They sat down at the dinner table and after Amos had everyone hold hands and said grace, they ate the fine meal Rachel and Sarah had prepared. Rachel was sitting next to Mark during the supper and as dinner progressed, Mark appeared to become nervous again. Finally the young man cleared his throat and looked toward Amos, Luke and Sarah.

"I wanted to come here tonight for two reasons," Mark announced. "One was to meet you fine people, but the most important was to ask for Rachel's hand in marriage. I've already asked her, but I want all of your blessings."

Amos's jaw dropped and both Luke and Sarah looked stunned. The last thing they expected, at the first meeting with Rachel's boyfriend, was to hear they were intending to get married. Sarah looked at Luke, Luke looked at Sarah, and then they both looked at Amos.

"Hot dog!" cried Luke Jr. "Aunt Rachel's getting hitched."

"Well, son this was mighty unexpected," Amos spoke at last. "We don't hardly know you and gittin' married is mighty serious business. A lot of young folk don't think it over near good enough and by not thinking, they end up making a mess of both their lives."

"Grandpa, we have thought it over for awhile," Rachel said. "Mark and I have been going together for a lot longer than I may have suggested. We have talked about this up one side and down the other."

"It isn't something that we plan on doing right this moment," explained Mark. "I've got almost two years of studies ahead before I finish college. We were thinking that right after I graduate and get a job we could get married."

"Two years, huh, and then get a job? That sounds down right logical and proper. In that time you two can get to know each other and think things over a lot. For me, if that's what you two are going to standby, then you have my blessing. If during that time either of you want to back out of things, I won't think hard of either of you." "What do you think, Sarah?" Luke asked his wife.

"Rachel is no longer a little girl, she is a woman with a mind of her own, and if she wants, then I'm all for it."

"In that case," smiled Luke, "so am I."

"Thank you," blushed Mark. "During the time ahead I think you'll all get to know me and find out that I love Rachel and will make her a good husband."

"Thank you everyone," beamed Rachel. "I was sort of against announcing this tonight, but Mark insisted. He said that we had better be straight with everyone if we were to get off on the right foot."

"I reckon that boy of yours has a good head on his shoulders," grinned Amos. "Now where is that pie we are havin' for dessert?"

After the family finished dinner they went into the living room and sat talking for a long while. They listened as Mark described his life growing up around Potterville and how he expected to get a degree in agriculture. He hoped to one day have a farm of his own but was also interested in working for the Farm Bureau helping farmers grow better and more profitable crops. 

At last it came time for Mark to leave and Rachel saw him out to his car. Sarah hurried Luke Jr. off to bed, while Amos and Luke discussed the young man who had captured Rachel's heart. Both men agreed that they liked the boy, but were also in agreement that two lovers should wait the full two years before making such a serious move as marriage.

Finally, Rachel returned to the house as Sarah came down from tucking in her son. Everyone agreed that the events of the day were both wonderful and surprising. Slowly everyone began to make their way to their beds. Amos and Luke were so tired that they fell to sleep right after getting into bed. Rachel lay in bed for almost half hour thinking about how well everything had gone that night, with a contented sigh she rolled over and fell asleep.

Sarah tossed back and forth for a long while. She was very happy over the announcement, which had been made at dinner and couldn't wait to see Micah to tell him the good news. When she was sure that the rest of the occupants of the house were soundly asleep, she rose out of bed and quickly fixed Micah a plate of food and a glass of water. She quietly slipped silently from the house, while moonlight flooded over the land making it light enough to see her way without the aid of a flashlight. All the way to the barn she thought about how Micah would be surprised that her sister was actually engaged.

She opened wide the barn doors to allow some of the moonlight to enter; however the interior of the barn looked pitch black as she entered. For a moment she became very afraid and almost turned and left the barn. After all, she was entering a dark barn dressed only in her nightgown and robe, while somewhere in the barn a stranger waited.

"Micah," she called, "It's me, Sarah. Are you awake?"

"Very awake, Sarah," came a reply from the deep darkness far within the barn. "I was wondering if you were going to come here tonight. I was almost tempted to sleep, but I would much rather talk with you."

"I brought you something to eat and a glass of water."

"That is most kind," Micah stepped from the darkness into the moonlight around the entrance to the barn. "Again I find myself in your debt. You must really allow me to do something for you."

"Don't think anything of it," Sarah said as she handed the man the plate and the glass. "Our talks are rewards enough."

"I'm afraid our regular sitting place is very dark, indeed. Perhaps I could move the bench out here and we could sit and talk while I eat?"

"That would be nice. Give me back the plate and glass while you get the bench."

Micah was gone but for a moment before he returned carrying the bench. He set it down before taking back the food and drink. Then both of them sat side beside on the bench while Micah ate.

"I can see you are excited, Sarah. Tell me what it is that is on your mind."

"My sister's boyfriend asked everyone at dinner for Rachel's hand. Grandpa and Luke both said yes!"

"That is good news. I have seen your sister, and she will make the man a good wife; however, I hope they don't rush things. A young woman should experience a little bit of life before committing herself to married life."
