 Sarah awoke the next morning and fixed the family breakfast, before they went their separate ways. Most of the details of the previous night were lost to the woman. She could not understand how she had gone to bed with one nightgown on and woke up wearing another nightgown. She had worn her favorite nightgown the night before, and now she could not find it anywhere in the house. She remembered that she had sneaked out of the house to tell Micah the great news about her sister's engagement, but Micah, ever the gentleman, had made sure she immediately returned to the house.

She had fallen asleep immediately after she returned from visiting Micah. She thought that she must have slept very soundly, for she was sure from the soreness in her pussy that Luke must have taken her very vigorously in the middle of the night, but she only vaguely remembered having sex. The sex had been terrific but for some reason, it seemed to her that Luke had felt strangely different. The whole experience seemed like a strange dream. If it were not for the soreness in her private parts and the still leaking cum, which dribbled from her, she would have put down the entire thing to an erotic figment of her imagination.

After she had tended to the baby, she fixed Micah some food and took it out to the barn. She found him sitting waiting for her on the bench where they usually sat. For some strange reason, when she saw him, her heart leaped and her breath came in short gasps. To her mind, he seemed to be almost the perfect man and if she was not happily married, she would not mind getting to know Micah better. Still, she was a happy farm wife, with a beautiful son and baby girl, which her wonderful husband had given her, and any other relationships outside of her marriage were not to be thought about in any case.

Micah was her friend, and while he sometimes told bold stories about the sexual practices of people living in distant lands, she knew she could trust him. She even attributed her recent daring acts with Luke to the influence of the man, and to her mind, that was a good thing. Sarah felt that she was deepening her relationship and her love with her husband, all due to Micah's coaching for her to expand her horizons.

"Thank you, dear Lady," Micah said as her took the food from her. "Your kindness fills me with joy. I realize that my presence here is a danger to you. I would like nothing more than to meet your family, especially your loving husband, but I know that is not possible. I feel that it is time for me to leave. I am sure that none of your family would understand our platonic relationship."

"No Micah, don't go yet," replied Sarah. "I need your friendship. You have been a positive influence upon my life. You have let me expand my feelings, and I feel everything is better for that. 

"Stay at least until the church summer party. I can introduce you then to everyone. I will say that you are someone who is passing through and wants to stay in the area. If you will say that you are interested in joining our church, I am sure that everyone will welcome you. Then you can meet Luke, Grandpa, and the rest of the family. I'm sure that once they meet you they might even allow you to live in poor Jose's apartment."

"I don't know," replied Micah. "I am a wanderer and a stranger. I would very much like to be accepted by your people and by your church. I love to meet people and learn about them and their beliefs. I am very willing to meet your family and the people of your church. If you can arrange that, then I shall surely stay and perhaps I will find a place to finally call home."

"Micah, I am sure that I can make everything right. You will see that they are wonderful people. Once Luke meets you, I am sure that he will like you every bit as much as I do."

"I would like nothing more than to meet and become friends with your husband. I am sure that I could be a help to both of you in keeping your love fresh and alive."

"Oh, you don't have to worry about Luke and me. Just between you and me, he made love to me while I was asleep last night. I only remember bits and pieces, but it was great beyond what I can tell you. Luke is my true love, and I am sure that we will always love each other with the same emotions as we now have toward each other."

"That is good news to me. In too many marriages the love between the couples settles into a routine affair, which in time slowly begins to slow down and become mundane. I would like to think that I could talk frankly with both you and Luke so as to ensure that you love for one another would always explore new intensity. I feel very fulfilled when I can aid a man and a woman to become closer to each other. I have done so in other places, and I hope that I can repay your kindness by doing so to you and your husband."

"Then we are agreed? You will stay here until the church party?"

"Yes, I feel that the time has come for me to finally to settle down. Perhaps I will be lucky enough to be like this young Mark, you have told me about, and I shall meet a charming lady like you or your sister."

"Good, then everything is settled. You will just love living around here, and I am sure that everything is going to work out for the best."

"I am sure it will, with your help and encouragement," Micah rose and kissed Sarah's hand. "Until that time, I shall live in the shadows of this barn, but soon I hope to come forth."

"Micah, you will step out of the shadows of this barn, and you will find that everyone accepts you for the wonderful person you are."

"Until that time, I hope that I may stay here and that you will come out to meet me from time to time."

"Don't worry about that," Sarah reassured him, "I will be out here a lot, and I will make sure you are well fed."

"As always, my dear woman, I am in you debt. I look forward to what the future brings us both."

Sarah left the barn feeling uplifted and filled with joy. She was sure that her friend would find acceptance with her family and her church, if only she could devise the right way to introduce him. She even began thinking of various single women, which she might pair up with Micah. There was no doubt in her mind that the man would make a good catch for any woman. Momentarily she had a pang that she wasn't available to be courted by the handsome man who had taken up residency in the barn.

Coinciding with the fullness of the moon, Sarah's period came upon her that night. Although she had begun to flow she induced Luke to have sex with her that evening, although until that time the pair had considered relations during that time of the month taboo. They spread a towel over the bedspread, and as Luke mounted her that night, she felt more sensual than at any pervious time during their marriage. It was as if Luke was willing to take her unconditionally, and she felt more loved than she had ever felt.

Each day Sarah would take Micah food and drink. She would open her soul to her secret man and would listen to his tales of distant places. All the time she felt herself becoming more entranced by the man in the barn who wove his philosophy slowly but steadily into her mind.

When her time of the month was over, Sarah found herself within the barn talking to her friend. The family was gone and the baby was down for a nap when she brought Micah something to eat. As usual Micah was his charming self and encouraged the woman to talk about the happenings in her life. Always he seemed to reinforce Sarah's love for her husband and gave her advice about techniques for advance lovemaking. 

"Micah," Sarah said in a subdued voice, "some of the things that you are telling me are down right sinful'

"What I tell you is just between you and me. I only want the very best for you at all times, you know that. If I make your love life with Luke more exciting, then I will be well rewarded. The time has come for you to take mind about having another child. Your son and daughter deserve to have a little brother or sister, don't you think?" 

"I really would like to have another child, and I am sure that Luke feels the same."

"My dear woman," Micah looked deep into her eyes. "I think that it is time that I meet Luke face to face. It is no good me living here without him knowing. My being here without your husband knowing would be misinterpreted if anyone were ever to find out I was living here."

"But what would you tell him?" asked the farm wife. "What if he wanted you to go away from here? I feel that in you I have found a real and dear friend, and I don't want to lose my friend."

"Thank you, for your feelings. I can assure you that I also treasure your friendship and that is exactly why I want Luke to know about me. I want to be his friend as well as yours. 

"You can introduce me as a traveler who was looking for work and you gave me a job to do in this barn. Trust me," the man assured her, "I shall handle the rest and in the end, I believe that Luke will allow me to stay here to help with chores around the barn. Just introduce us and I am sure that Luke will accept me."

As Sarah gazed deep into Micah's deep blue eyes she did trust him, and she began to feel that Luke would want to keep him around the place. An overwhelming urge flowed through her to go out to the fields at that moment and bring Luke in to meet Micah.

"I can get him and Grandpa now if you want," she said. "They are working the fields close in to the house today."

"No," Micah shook his head, "not Amos, not yet. Let me meet Luke and there will be time enough later to meet the rest of your family."

"Okay, maybe before long we can have you up to the house for dinner. That would be real nice. I'm sure you'd make a good impression upon everyone."

"Perhaps in time we can do that," nodded the man, "but for now, meeting your husband will be enough. Please be so kind as to bring him here. When you return, you will find me working here, and you can say that you have put me to work in return for a meal. That won't be too far wrong, will it?"

"You have repaid all the meals I have given you with your wonder stories. I will run and get Luke and be right back."

She turned and actually ran from the barn in her eagerness to bring her husband to meet her mystery man. The fact that Sarah had hidden Micah's presence from her husband had caused her great guilt, and now she felt that guilt float from her shoulders. She knew that Luke might well send Micah on his way, but somehow she was sure that the strange man's charm would win over her husband, as it had captivated her.

Sarah ran out into the fields near the house where she saw Luke on his tractor. In the distance she saw Amos and was glad that he was further away so she could speak privately with her husband. She waved to Luke as she ran toward his tractor. He stopped the machine and killed the motor so that he could better hear what his wife had to say.

"Hi sugar, what is up?" 

"Luke, I want you to come back to the barn with me. There is someone that I want you to meet. He was traveling through looking for work, and I gave him some chores to do in the barn. I didn't want to say too much to him until I had you meet him. I know that since Jose has been gone there is a lot more for you and Grandpa to do, and I thought that maybe he'd be some help. Mind you, I wanted you to size him up first."

"Honey," Luke replied, "it is just plain dangerous letting strangers around the place. Who knows what this fellow wants? Maybe he is sizing us up to steal from us."

"Luke, he just doesn't strike me as that type of person but see for yourself. That is why I came out to get you. I wasn't going to do much until you met him."

"Alright, darling," nodded Luke starting the tractor back up and yelling down to his wife, "You get on up here with me, and we'll go take a look at this stranger of yours."

Sarah mounted the tractor and Luke waved to Amos making it known that Luke and his wife were returning to the house for awhile. Amos waved back with a smile thinking that his grandson was in for a little daytime loving, before he returned his attention to his work on the field.

As the tractor pulled into the yard and approached the barn it began to sputter. "Darn thing has been doing that the last couple of days," Luke told his wife. Luke drove the tractor into the barn where Micah could be seen hard at work arranging some tools at one side of the building. After Luke killed the engine, he and Sarah got down from the tractor. In the meantime Micah had turned from his work and walked toward the pair.

"My name is Micah and your wife was kind enough to give me a job in return for a bite to eat," Micah introduced himself. "Sounds like your tractor has a bit of a problem, mind if I take a look at it? I've done some mechanic work in my day, and I think I may know what might be wrong with it."

"Well Micah, my name is Luke. I usually don't cotton to having strangers on the place, but Sarah here says you seem alright. Tell you what, if you can find out what the problem with the tractor is then we'll throw in dessert along with that meal Sarah promised you."

"Sounds like we have a deal," smiled Micah, "where do you keep your tools?"

"Over there against the other wall."

"Let me grab a couple of things and you start it up. We'll soon have it running smooth again before you know it."

Luke climbed back up on the tractor while Micah grabbed several tools from the tool box, which stood against the other wall. A few minutes later Micah was bending over working on the tractor's motor. Suddenly he straightened up and signaled Luke to stop the engine.

"Give me a second," Micah called up to Luke and returned to work. A couple of minutes later Micah could be heard blowing, which was followed by him spitting and coughing. Shortly later he looked back up at Luke. "The fuel line had a clog in it, try it again now and take it for a run around the yard."

Luke started the tractor again and backed it out of the barn to drive it around the yard several times before returning to stop the engine. Luke jumped down from the tractor and walked over to Micah to shake his hand.

"She's running like a charm," grinned Luke, "better than she has in awhile. I never thought it might be the fuel line. You have my thanks."

"It is the least I could do to thank you people for befriending me. I've been traveling around seeing the country and meeting people. I'm always glad to help out those people who are willing to help me. I don't suppose you would have some work for me for awhile. To tell you the honest truth, I'm getting tired of wandering and would like some steady work."

"Well, I don't know," replied Luke. "We did have a hired hand but he sort of vanished. We could use someone that could do mechanical jobs and keep the equipment in running order, but I'd have to talk with Grandpa first."

"I not a drinker," Micah assured him, "and I don't bother folks and don't like getting bothered either. I won't be any trouble. I'll keep to myself. All I want is a place to stay and something to eat at regular intervals. I can fix myself a place up in your loft and won't be any trouble at all."

"Oh Luke," Sarah interrupted, "couldn't he stay in Jose's place, if you and Grandpa decide to give him work?"

"Jose's things are all in his apartment and I don't want to move them out just yet."

"That is no problem," smiled Micah. "Like I said, I can fix me a place in the loft. I am not looking to cause any problems. I just need some work. Why don't you just give me a chance to prove myself? If I don't live up to your expectations, you can send me on my way with no hard feelings? 

"Honestly I would be very grateful. There is just one thing, I know it is kind of strange, but I would like to do all my work here in this barn. I know that this sounds strange coming from someone who has wandered a lot in the wide open spaces, but I really need four walls around me for bit. I won't bother you people up at the house and I will do everything you put before me, as long as I don't have to leave the barn."

"You're right about that sounding strange," Luke said his voice filled with suspicion, "sort of sounds like someone on the run from the law."

"No, no," laughed Micah, "if you have any doubts about that at all, call your sheriff over and I'll have a talk with him. I hate to admit it, but I think I'm developing a phobia about being out in open places. Maybe too much of my life has been spent like that. No, I think it best for you to have your sheriff check me out and let you know if I'm a fugitive or not. I'd like as few people to know I'm here as possible, but it doesn't have anything about being on the run."

"Sarah, you get back up to the house, and I'll be up there directly to call the sheriff. Micah, if he gives you a clean bill of health then you have a job."

"I'll keep working right here until the sheriff arrives. Make no mistake, I'm not about to bolt and I sure don't blame you for checking me out, after all that is what I'd do if the situation was reversed."

It was around three hours later when then sheriff's car pulled up in the Clayton's yard. Luke went out of the house and explained about the stranger in the barn. The deputy told Luke to go back into the house while he went into talk to Micah. Twenty minutes later the deputy returned to his car and made a call on his radio, before returning to the barn. Finally after an hour the deputy came back to the house to inform Luke and Sarah that the man was not wanted.

"Now, I am a fairly good judge of character," the deputy informed Luke, "and this Micah seems to be okay. I've checked him out and there are no warrants out on him in this state. I'll check further when I get back to headquarters, but I don't think I'll find anything. He seems to be a well educated man who has been traveling around the world for the past few years. I sort of wish I'd been able to see some of the things he talked about, but I got into this job instead. Like I said, I'll do a bit more checking and let you know. I probably wouldn't trust him with the family fortune, but he should make a good hired hand."

"Thanks a million," smiled Luke. "The man seems to be a good mechanic and I could use someone who could keep our equipment running. We bought the tractors used, and they have given us a lot of trouble. I think we may have paid more to keep having them repaired than if we had broke down and got them new. Thanks again for your time."

"That's what I get paid to do," the deputy nodded. "You did the right thing by giving us a call. I'll be in touch if anything develops, and I think I'll drop by in a couple days just to see how things are working out."

The deputy turned and went back to his car. Luke and Sarah watched as the lawman drove away from the farm house and back out onto the main road. Then Luke started moving toward the barn.

"What are you going to do Luke?" asked Sarah.

"I guess I'm not going to wait to talk with Grandpa about Micah. Seems to me like I had better offer him a job before he decides to walk, it must have put him off a bit about having the law talk to him. I just want to make sure we don't lose him."

"That's right good, Luke. I'm going to start making dinner and we can both explain things to Grandpa when he gets here and looking at the time, that shouldn't be too long now. The school bus will be dropping Luke Jr. off any minute."

When Luke entered barn he found Micah working on the tractor. Micah turned to him and pulled a rag from his back pocket to wipe off his hands. 

"I've just been doing a little tune-up work. That deputy was a friendly sort of fellow. I hope he gave you a good report about me."

"That he did, Micah. I hope you understand about why I called him. You just can't be too careful these days," Luke put out his hand and Micah clasped it firmly in a friendly handshake. "If you want to work for me, then you have a job."
