 To all appearances the sun came up in the normal fashion, and the day progressed in its usual manner. After Sarah and Rachel fixed the family breakfast, Luke and Amos left to be about their work in the fields, while a short time later Rachel and Luke Jr. left for their respective schools. Sarah went about her chores and took the baby outside with her as she busied herself by working in her garden. 

The flower border around the garden was in full bloom, and she busied herself planting other flowers, which would bloom after the first plants had faded. The official start of summer was rapidly approaching and already the family had fresh vegetables reaped from her small plot. She was very happy with how her efforts were being rewarded and looked forward to continuing to harvest her garden's bounty throughout the summer and into the fall.

She paid a short visit to the barn to make sure that Micah was doing well, before returning to the house to fix lunch. In the early afternoon one of her church friends stopped by to pick her and the baby up to take them to the church for a planning session about the upcoming start of summer party. Just about everything was ready for the church event, including food, drinks, entertainment, and even designated babysitters. For over the past month, after Pastor Howard had finished his Sunday sermon, he would invite everyone in the congregation to the event. 

"Make sure that all of you come, because this is going to be something to remember," Pastor Bob would tell his flock, "and make sure to invite your friends that aren't members of the church party. Once they see how much fun we have, I'm sure that they will want to join with us on a regular basis. When they see the joy that we experience and feel the spirit moving through us, they will be beating down the doors of this church to join us."

Sarah returned home late in the afternoon and quickly began fixing supper for her family. She thought about how much fun everyone would have at the upcoming party and how the event would allow Micah to meet people, which would probably help him overcome his reluctance to leave the barn. Luke Jr. returned from school all excited about having received an A on one of his tests. Sarah took his test paper and posted it on the refrigerator.

"Now you just keep up that good work and you are going to grow up to be someone rich and famous," Sarah beamed at the boy as she hugged and kissed him. "You have a good mind and a lot of talent."

Rachel returned from college almost as excited as Luke Jr. had been. She couldn't wait to tell Sarah about how Mark had invited her to dine out that coming Saturday and to go to a movie afterward. Sarah laughed and told her sister that courting could be a lot of fun, but cautioned her, with a wink, not to put the cart before the horse and to make sure Mark behaved himself. 

"Sarah," Rachel slyly grinned, "you aren't going to tell me that you and Luke didn't fool around before you got married?"

"I'm just reminding you to watch your step, little sister. You don't want to have big belly when you walk down the aisle, do you?"

"Oh, Sarah!" gasped Rachel. "You should know me better than that!"

"I do, but I also know that sometimes people get carried away and think that being engaged is the same thing as being married, which it isn't."

"Okay, your kind words of wisdom have been taken to heart, and I will be a very good girl and will make Mark be a very good boy. There does that satisfy you?"

"I'm just trying to make sure you don't get hurt."

"I know that," Rachel said hugging her sister, "and I appreciate it. I really do, you don't have to worry about me."

Just before the sun went down, Amos and Luke drove their tractors into the yard and into the barn. A short while later they entered the house. Luke kissed his wife and listened to her describe how the events of her day had gone, while Amos went to clean himself up for dinner. Luke called his son into the kitchen and made a big display of about the test paper hanging on the refrigerator.

"You know, you keep up that kind of work in school and you're going to end up a rocket scientist."

"Aw, I don't want to be a scientist," the boy groaned, "I want to be a farmer like you!"

"Then, I guess if you keep getting grades like that, you are going to be one of the best farmers that ever was in the whole world!"

"Pa, you and Great Grandpa are the best farmers and anyone that says different has got to answer to me."

A few moments later Amos came into the kitchen and Luke went to wash up before supper. Shortly after Luke returned, Sarah said that everyone had better get up to the table because the food was ready.

"I'll take Micah his dinner and I'll be right back," Luke told his wife. Sarah fixed Micah a plate of food and a large glass of cold cider. 

Through the deepening twilight Luke walked to the barn where he found Micah closing up the hood to one of the tractors. Micah greeted him and said that the food, which Luke brought him smelled good.

"Well, here you go Micah," Luke handed the plate and glass to Micah. "I'll be back after awhile to pick up the dishes."

"You haven't forgotten what we discussed last night have you?" asked Micah. 

"No, but I haven't said anything to Sarah about it. You just eat up and I'll have a talk to my wife and see if she wants to sit in on our conversation."

"I can hardly wait to get at that food. I look forward to seeing you later."

Luke returned to the dinner table and dinner followed the normal routine. Much of the conversation surrounded the upcoming church party. After the meal was finished everyone helped clear the table, while Rachel and Sarah began to do the dishes. 

"I'll run down and get Micah's dishes," Luke said. "It wouldn't do to leave them for later."

As Luke returned to the barn he felt serious reservations about including his wife in the coming night's talk with Micah. While he couldn't put his finger on any specific thing, he felt uneasy about the entire idea of having his wife accompany him that night. Luke thought that the man's strange insistence on staying exclusively to the area of the barn might be a sign of a serious mental disorder and that having his wife close to a man who might have such a problem would be a mistake.

"Luke, please tell Sarah that the food was excellent, as always," Micah said giving him the empty plate and glass. "That was a wonderful meal."

"I will tell her, but I don't know if she will be back down with me later."

"That would be unfortunate. I was truly looking forward to seeing her and talk with the both of you, but I understand. A farm wife has many tasks, and I am sure she wants to turn in early; however, if both of you can spare me a little while, I am sure that both of you would benefit from it. I can assure you that if anything is said, which makes you uncomfortable we will stop then and there. My friend, I have only your best interests at heart. Talk over things with your wife and let her decide."

Luke suddenly felt that letting Sarah decide whether or not to come down and talk to Micah would be a good idea. It seemed that Micah was really trying to help and perhaps it would be worth it for Sarah to hear what the man had to say. Luke looked at Micah for a moment before nodding and turning to return to the house with dishes. 

When Luke entered the kitchen he found Sarah alone drying the last of the dishes. She smiled as Luke entered and took the dirty dishes from him. "You're just in time. I was about to let out the water." 

In a few moments she washed Micah's dishes and started wiping them dry. Luke watched her for awhile before getting up nerve to tell her about Micah's invitation to come down to the barn that night.

"Micah has asked me to invite you down to the barn tonight to talk for awhile with us," Luke told her expecting her to refuse outright.

"That would be nice," Sarah's reply came as a surprise to Luke, "I've been wondering what you two have been talking about down there. So when is all this talking going to take place?"

"I guess anytime you want after the children are asleep."

"The baby is sound asleep and Rachel took her up to bed. Luke Jr. will be going to bed before long. He is going to read for a bit and then go to sleep. So, I guess we are free to go anytime. I'll ask Rachel to keep an ear out, in case the baby wakes up, so I don't see any problem."

"Alright, I'll just go and tell Grandpa we are going down to see Micah for a bit and not to wait up for us."

Luke went into the living room where he found Luke Jr. hugging Amos goodnight. The boy ran over to his father, who kissed him and told him to go into the kitchen to his mother. After the lad left the room Luke told Amos that he and his wife were going down to the barn for little while. Amos arched his eyebrows at his grandson's announcement.

"What's up, boy?" Amos asked. "What's the idea of taking Sarah down to talk to this stranger?"

"I just want her to get to know him a bit better, that's all Grandpa."

"Well, why does it have to be in the middle of the night? Something about that man just doesn't sit well on my mind."

"I've talked to him and he is harmless enough. I just want him to get to know us, and I hope to take you down some evening to talk with him."

"I'll do my talkin' during the day time, and that's not a bad idea for you and Sarah to follow. We have to git up plenty early. Don't let this feller go flim-flaming you. I don't trust him a whole lot. Take what he has to say on face value."

"Don't worry, Grandpa," Luke replied, "I'll watch out for Sarah and all the family. There isn't anyone that can pull anything over my eyes, but the only way for Micah to get to know us is for us to talk to him."

"It ain't natural for a feller to coop himself up the way this guy does. You keep your eyes wide open, and don't let him fill your mind with any tomfool ideas."

"I won't, Grandpa. Don't you worry any on that account. You turn in when you want, and we'll be back in a bit."

"Okay, but don't say I didn't warn you. Listen to your grandpappy and keep both eyes wide open."

At that moment Sarah entered the room accompanied by Luke Jr. She announced that she was going to tuck in Luke Jr. and Luke told her he would be up in a moment. Luke turned back to his grandfather and assured him that everything would be for the best. Then, Luke went upstairs to help Sarah tuck their son into bed.

When Sarah and Luke came downstairs Amos said goodnight to them and watched them leave the house. Amos shook his head as he watched the pair go down to the barn. While Amos could not put words to his feelings, he felt that something was terribly wrong about Micah. True the man seemed friendly enough, but there seemed to be an undercurrent of some indescribable wrongness about the man. Amos reached over for the family bible and began to read scripture.

"What all does Micah want to talk to us about," Sarah asked as she and her husband walked to the barn. "He seems like such a strange man."

"He is strange and there is no mistaking that, but he has traveled all around the world. I think he wants to tell us both something of his travels."

"We haven't done a lot of traveling, except crossing the country, and I'd like to hear something about other places," Sarah replied.

As the pair entered the barn they found Micah waiting for them. He smiled and jokingly welcomed them to his abode. He invited them up to his "room" in the loft and waited until the two had ascended the ladder before following them.

"Thank you for coming down and easing my loneliness," Micah said as he directed them to take a seat upon the mattress, which was his bed. "I wish I felt able to come up to the house, but I am sure that will happen in time."

"You know you are welcome to come up and meet the whole family some evening," Luke assured him.

"That's right," added Sarah. "We would like to have you come up and visit us sometime."

"That I'll do all in good course but for now, allow me this short while to talk with you both and to share with you some of my exploits. I want to repay the two of you for your kindness and cannot think of any better way to do that at the moment."

Micah pulled up his stool before the couple and began to talk to them. For awhile they exchanged small talk about each of their lives and their hopes for the future. Micah listened intently as Luke described what it was like to be a farmer.

"To tell you the truth," Micah told the pair, "while I have done a lot of things, I have had almost no experience farming. I guess the closest I came to doing that was helping out work some rice paddies on a small island off China."

Micah then told them about different places that he had visited and as he spoke, his voice took on a hypnotic quality. Soon Luke and Sarah felt that they were actually with Micah as he visited a strange tribe living far up the Amazon River. They watched as the members of the tribe, both men and women, danced naked around a large bonfire. Drums made out of hollowed logs beat wildly as voices lifted to the night sky chanting in an erotic rhythm, the words of which they could not understand. 

"There are people in this world who do not look on sex as something sinful, which should only take place in secret. Some people, like those in the tribe I've been telling you about, look at sex as a gift. They are not ashamed of their bodies or having intimate relations with each other. Although it may amaze you there is no jealousy among the members of that tribe. 

"Civilized man has taken the sexual act and everything associated with it and labeled it forbidden. By repressing the natural urges, which men and women have, society has led its members down the road of guilt and shame. What guilt should there be for a man to make love to a woman or for a woman to make love to a man? To experience the joys of sex is one of the reasons why men and women were put upon this world. Everyone should enjoy lovemaking to the fullest without any stigma attached to what they choose to do. Do you agree with that?"

"I guess, in general I can agree to that," Luke replied.

"Me too," Sarah softly said, her voice hardly more than a whisper. 

"Good, then perhaps I may guide you to the enjoyment both of you deserve," Micah smiled. "I think I can reinforce and intensify your experiences."

"I think Sarah and I do fine in the lovemaking department."

"Luke is the best lover any woman could ever want," Sarah grabbed her husband's strong arm and smiled up at him. "I don't think anything could make things better than they all ready are between us."

"Have faith in me," Micah held up his hand. "Before this night is done both of you will expand your knowledge of lovemaking in ways you never imagined. Have no fear, if anything I say or do gives you offence, I will stop and forever leave. Is that agreeable?"

"I don't know," Luke felt reluctant to allow events progress any further. "What do you think Sarah?"

"I guess it might not be too bad if we hear the man out a ways. We can always cut him off if we don't like what he says."

"Then, if Sarah is willing, I listen to what you have to say."

Back in the house the phone rang and Amos answered it. The man at the other end of the line asked if he had reached the Clayton residence. 

"Please listen to what I've got to say. My name is Howard Wright and years ago I was a member of the Winslow cult, but I left that cult. Winslow sent something terrible after me and it was only by luck I escaped."

"I don't hold to such things," Amos growled, "I think you had best not bother us anymore."

"I won't bother you again," the man answered, "but if you notice strange things happening around the barn please call Dr. Thaddeus Orion. He is an expert in such things and has helped me. He is a physiatrist and knows about such things."

"Well, I reckon you need to talk more to him. Don't call anymore."

"Please just take down his number and if you notice anything odd, give him a call. In the name of God, please do that if not for me then for yourself and your family."

For reasons, which Amos could never explain he took down the number of the physiatrist before hanging up on the man. Amos shook his head but placed the paper on which he had written the phone number as a bookmark in the bible before going to bed.

"I feel that the two of you are more open minded to different sexual matters than most of your neighbors who probably only make love once a month and then in only the missionary position," Micah said to Sarah and her husband. "I imagine that you have experimented with some of the more advance lovemaking techniques and that those experiments have helped to enrich your intimate lives. 

"When you are able to cast aside your inhibitions and allow yourselves to embrace your inner lusts then you will find indescribable sexual fulfillment. Both of you need to listen closely to me and do exactly as I tell you. I will lead you to the realm of lust and enjoyment, which you both deserve. Listen and do as I say, okay?"

Both Sarah and Luke felt as if they were sinking into warm, deep water, which caused their skin to tingle and their nerves to pulse with anticipation. Micah stared into the couple's eyes, one after the other until he was sure they were ready for the next step.

"Luke, I want you to kiss your wife. Yes, that's a good start, but now I want you to give her a real kiss, which will show her your passion and your love for her. That was much better, Luke. Now kiss along her neck and bite gently upon her right ear lobe. Good, good, you progress nicely. Kiss along her throat to her left ear lobe, only this time, I want you to lightly suck upon it. Use your tongue to play over it and as you do that bring your left hand up to caress her right breast. 

"No don't look up at me. Trust me in this for I am your guide. I have seen many things in this world and you do not have to be afraid of me being present to aid you in this experience. 

"Now, Luke take Sarah's breast in your hand. Now kiss your wife again long and hard. Move your other hand up to fondle her other breast. Continue to kiss her as you move your hands away from her breasts and begin to undo the buttons of her shirt. Don't hesitate, what goes on here will stay strictly between us. You both will find that your sexual enjoyment is greatly intensified by knowing there is someone guiding and watching you.

"That's good, Luke. Now pull her shirt from her and take off her bra, as you do that make sure to suck upon her left ear lobe. Ease the bra away from her. 

"No Sarah, you must not try to cover yourself. This is something you want to do to please your husband. Let him see those beautiful breasts of yours. Put your hands under your breasts and offer them up to your husband.

"Luke sit back and look down at your wife's breasts. Do you not think they are marvelous?"

"They are wonderful," Luke's voice was husky and filled with growing desire. "I love her breasts."

"That's how it should be, but for now don't call them breasts. That is too clinical a term for the intimacy we are trying to achieve. Remember, we are by ourselves and this a special night of sexual enjoyment. Call her breasts tits, Luke. Tell your wife how much you love her tits."

"Darling, your tits put the sunrise and sunset to shame they are so beautiful."

"Excellent, Luke you are a poet. Now perform poetry with your mouth and suck deep upon each of your wife's tits. Suck as if you are trying to bring forth her hot milk then shower her tits with kiss after kiss.

"Yes, Sarah that is right. Hold the back of Luke's head as he drinks from your nipples. Remember, he is doing this because he loves you and finds you very sexually attractive. Feel the sensations his sucking causes. Allow those sensations to flow from your tits throughout your body. 
