 Sarah and Luke awoke early the next morning before the other members of the family and made wild love. Their experiences of the night before were fresh and clear in their minds and images of those events fired their lusts. While their lovemaking was brief, it was very intense, and they got out of bed feeling as if a new sexual world had been opened to them. 

Their passion was did not go unnoticed by the rest of the family as the couple hugged and kissed at every opportunity before Luke had to leave to resume his tasks in the fields. Amos was surprised at the open display of affection, which the pair demonstrated before the entire family. It was very unusual for the Luke and Sarah to carry on in such a manner in front of the rest of the clan. Luke Jr. moaned about all the mushing stuff his parents were doing, while Rachel merely smiled and thought that such romance was soon to be hers once she and Mark were married.

Every evening during the following week Luke and Sarah would go down to the barn to visit Micah and would only return to the house late in the night. Amos wondered at what the three people were talking about for so long every night.

"What can you be talking to this Micah so much about?" Amos asked his grandson. "Seems to me that you must have jawed about everything in God's creation by now." 

"We're just telling him about ourselves and he is telling us about himself and his travels. Don't worry Grandpa, we'll have you down to the barn with us before long," Luke answered his grandfather's questioning. "This Micah knows a lot of stuff and he is just about the most interesting person I've ever met."

"I told you once, boy," Amos reminded Luke, "not to let this feller con you none. Don't take his words to heart. I've lived a while in my time and I know more than a little about people. This feller just don't seem right, and you'd be well served to take my advice. I don't know what he is up to, but mark my words, it ain't anything good."

"Grandpa, Micah has only all our welfare as his first consideration, I'm sure of that. Our talks with him are helping Sarah and I understand one another in a way we never had before."

"That may seem fine to you, but the two of you are carrying on like lovesick kids. I don't know if all this kissin' and feelin' you two have been doing in front of everyone is good. Why, I even saw you and Sarah feelin' each others privates. True I stepped in on you two while you were busy with the dishes, but still and all there is a proper time and place for such carryings on. I mean, what if Luke Jr. or even Rachel saw you two like I did? What would they think?"

"They would probably think that Sarah and I love each other very much; however, we will be more careful in the future. I am sorry if we offended you."

"It ain't that," Amos shook his head, "It's just that I'm having a hard time getting my mind around the change in you and Sarah since you've been going down to that barn at night."

"Don't worry about it, Grandpa," Luke assured Amos. "Micah has helped Sarah and me a lot and I'm sure that he will be glad to help you too."

"I don't need no help. I'm fine as I am, and you and Sarah were fine too until you met up with this feller."

"I'm sorry you feel that way," Luke said in a low voice, "but give Micah a chance to talk with you and you will see things differently. He is a good man and wants only to help all of us."

"Well, I've said my piece, and you had best heed my word; however, it is your life, just be careful about how you live it."

The weekend came and Rachel went out on her date with Mark. She returned from her night out happy and filled with excitement. She described to the family where Mark had taken her and how the evening had been one of the best of her life.

The following weekend was to be the church party and members of the church showed up all through the week to help with the decorating of the barn. During that time, Micah was introduced to everyone and it seemed that he captivated every person he met, with the exception of Amos, who remained suspicious and aloof. While Amos helped every day to make the barn ready for the party, he stayed distant from Micah. No matter how hard Micah tried to win over Amos he could not overcome the old farmer's mistrust. Micah could not understand how the old, hardy, farmer could resist his will.

Two days before the party, Luke Jr. became sick and had a high fever. His parents made sure he stayed in bed and ensured he was well tended for during his illness. The following day Amos came down with similar symptoms, and while he protested, Luke, Sarah, and Rachel insisted that he too recover by having plenty of bed rest. Both Luke Jr. and Amos complained that would miss the church party if they were confined to bed, but the rest of the family insisted that the first priority should be on the two recovering fully and not spreading there illness to the congregation.

Amos had few sick days during his lifetime and it was with the greatest of reluctance that he took to his bed. He felt that it was his duty to lead the family and he do that best by being up working everyday. However, he had to admit that he felt terrible and that the care, which Rachel and Sarah gave him was very welcome both to his body and his soul.

The party took place that Saturday and members of the church party committee began to arrive early that morning to prepare the tables and food. Around noon the rest of the congregation and their guests began to arrive. 

Amos looked out one of the windows on the second story of the house to see the people arriving. As the cars began to fill the driveway of the farm, the party got into full swing. There were two types of entertainment, one for the children and one for the adults. There were three legged races, spoon holding egg in the mouth races and bobbing for apples; in addition, several members of the congregation formed a band and were playing country and western music.

"I wanna go out there and have fun too," Luke Jr. said as he came up behind his great grandfather and looked out on the festivities. "Everyone is having all the fun and I gotta stay here in the house. It isn't fair!"

"Darn right it isn't fair," Amos told the boy, "but that's how it is in life. I don't like missin' out on all the goings on either. You and me gotta think of those other people down there too. We don't want them to git sick the way we are, do we?"

"No, I don't want that, but it sure is hard not being down there with my friends."

"I know that," Amos smiled at the lad, "but there will be other parties. Don't fret none. You'll have lots of fun in the times ahead. The most important thing now is for us both to git over what we have and git feelin' normal like. Now, you git back to bed, and I'm goin' to do the same."

"Okay, if you say so, but I don't like it at all," Luke Jr. said. "It just isn't right for everyone to feel so good while I feel so bad."

"I know just how you feel," Amos assured his great grandson, "I'm thinkin' the same exact thing, but the best place for us both is in our beds. Your folks left little Eve in her playpen, and I gotta check on her first. Come on, I'll git you back to bed and then check on the baby."

Amos saw the boy back to bed and tucked him under the covers with comforting words. He then went and checked on the baby and found that she needed her diaper changed. Amos had changed hundreds of diapers in his life time and quickly got the job done and gave the baby her bottle before going to his bedroom. He left the door to his room open to hear the baby or Luke Jr. if they made any noise.

Down at the party, Luke and Sarah were introducing Micah to everyone in between the party's events. When Micah was introduced to Pastor Bob he warmly shook the man's hand and began to talk religion. While most of the people went out to take part in the party event, Micah stayed in the barn and helped to prepare the food.

Around two o'clock that afternoon the food was served. Everything came to a standstill while the people formed a line at the side of the main table. Table and chairs were set up in the barn for people to sit while they ate their meals. After everyone was seated, Micah went from table to table, making sure that he talked to every man, woman, and child. 

The creature that was Micah had gained great strength consuming the sexual energy, which had flowed so freely around it during the last several months. Micah reached out his will and took control of everyone at the party. As the demon felt the party goers fall under his spell it knew that its goal was in sight.

Around four o'clock in the afternoon Amos again went to the window to look out on the party. What he saw surprised him. Looking out from the window he saw all the minor children sitting in an area just to the side of the barn, while the designated babysitters slow walked around them. The sitters soon sat down among their charges and all the children sat silently. 

Amos knew almost everything there was to know about kids. He knew that children have an explosive amount of energy and that it was unnatural for an entire group of kids to sit silent for any length of time. Yet as he looked down upon the youngsters, he did not see one child fidget or move. Looking over at the barn Amos saw the doors where closed tight. The hairs at the back of Amos's neck stood up as he realized that something very strange was taking place.

A foreboding feeling came over Amos as he looked down upon the scene before him. He rapidly went to check on Eve and Luke Jr. and then went dressed. He went downstairs and made his way through the house and outside. He went first to the doors of the barn, but found them locked tight from the inside. He moved through the children at the side of the barn as he made his way to the barn's side door. As he moved through the seated children, not one of them looked up at him, but rather they all stared straight ahead. He tried to talk to a few of the kids, but received no response. 

When Amos reached the side door of the barn, he found it barred; however, he knew that the bar to the door was light, and with the help of his pocket knife, he was able to lift the bar. He slowly pulled the door open but stopped when it was only partially cracked.

The sight, which met his eyes, caused Amos to suddenly stop in his efforts to open the door. Inside the barn an orgy was going taking place. Everyone, from 89 year old Mrs. Keller to 19 year old Tom Baker, was naked and performing some sort of sexual act. As Amos looked into the barn he saw Sarah fucked by Howard Tate, while Luke was getting his cock sucked by Mrs. Burns. Throughout the barn it seemed as if everyone was engaged in fucking or sucking. Micah stood on a platform at the back of the barn and before him knelt the pastor's wife who had her mouth rapped firmly around the man's hard sex. 

"The time has come," Amos heard Pastor Bob as he saw the minister move to stand next to Micah, "for the ceremony to begin."

The group moved to gather before the platform where the pastor and Micah stood. The pastor's wife pulled back from Micah's cock and joined the rest of the people. Amos saw clearly that everyone in the barn appeared to have glazed over eyes. He had never seen such a thing, and the sight sent chills down his spine.

"Beloved," Pastor Bob said in loud voice, "we are gathered here in the sight of the might Micah to join together these gathered folk in binding matrimony. Each one of you shall come forth as I say the words and take our Master's holy cock into your mouths. 

"I call forth my dear wife Mrs. Bob Howard. Step forward my love and do that which I have watched you do for the last few minutes. Allow me to give my wife freely over to the Master who will guide and protect us in all the days ahead.

"Hold Micah's hand as I say the words, my dearest. Do you Amy Howard take Micah to be you lord and master for the rest of your life? Do you promise to be his wife-whore and to obey him and allow him to have and to hold you from this day forth?"

"I do," Amy Howard replied as she sank to her knees before Micah, "I open my mouth and body to my Master knowing that the pleasure I give him will be returned a thousand fold in the days that are to come."

Mrs. Howard took Micah's stiff member into her mouth and sucked greedily upon its richness. Her husband, the pastor, nodded his approval as he watched his wife eagerly devouring the Master's cock. After a few minutes the pastor told her to move away so that another could take her place.

Amos felt the urge to rush in and stop what was happening, but everyone seemed ready to accept Micah as their Master. He stood helpless as all the women, including Sarah and Rachel, were pledged to Micah. As each woman spoke her devotion the men in the group stood watching as they stroked their hard shafts. Even Amos's friend eighty seven years old Tad Miller stood rubbing his stiff cock, which Tad had told Amos had not worked properly for twenty two years.

When the women were all pledged to Micah, the pastor called the men to stand forth. Every man reached out and shook Micah's hand as the pastor spoke his obscene words.

"As you stand before our Master, are you prepared to take him into your heart and soul? Do you promise to give freely your sex and devotion to him from this day forth? Do you give up your rights as husbands, boyfriends or otherwise unto him for all the days of your lives?"

In horror Amos watched as each man present, including Luke and Mark, promised themselves to Micah. After each man pledged his allegiance, they knelt before their Master to take his mighty shaft into their mouths. 

The sight sickened Amos, but he realized that to try and break up the orgy was foolhardy. As silently as possible he closed the door and made his way back up to the house, where he was met by Luke Jr.

"Can I go out and play with everyone. If you are well enough to go and have fun, then I am too!"

"I didn't have any fun," Amos told his great-grandson. "You just git back to bed, because there ain't no fun going on worth to be had by you or me; so you just git along and git into bed."

"Aw, it just is not fair," the boy said as he made his way back upstairs to his room. Amos watched him go before he sat down in his chair to think over what he had seen and how to deal with the orgy, which was taking place in the barn. For awhile Amos felt overwhelmed by everything, which he had seen and heard, and he sat staring into space. For the first time in his life he did not know how to solve the problem before him. He sat thinking and thinking until he remembered the strange phone call he had received from the man who had been a follower of Winston Winslow. Amos recalled that he had written down a number of someone the man had told him to call, but he could not remember what he did with the number.

Try as Amos might he could not remember the name of the caller or the person the man had told him to call if anything strange happened. In the end Amos reached for the Good Book for inspiration and breathing a prayer opened the bible hoping that God would guide him through the divine scripture.

"Praise the Lord," Amos gasped as he saw the paper he had been looking for fall from his bible. "Thank you God for guiding me in this time of need."

Amos picked up the paper and read what he had written, the name and phone number of the physiatrist the Howard Wright had said to contact if anything unusual took place. Feeling that discovering the paper was divine providence, Amos when to the phone and dialed the number of the physiatrist. In his heart he was afraid that because it was the weekend and late on a Saturday that he would get no answer to his call.

"This is Doctor Orion's answering service," a female voice answered after the phone five rings. "Please state the nature of your call."

"My name is Amos Clayton, and I was told by a man named Howard Wright to call the doctor if anything strange happen at my place," replied Amos. "I need some help, and I need it right away. Please tell Dr. Orion that I called and need him to git back to me.

"I will do that sir," the woman said, "Please give me your phone number and the doctor will get back to you as soon as possible."

Amos told the woman his number and after she had thanked him, she again assured him that the doctor would be in contact with him at the earliest moment. Amos hung up feeling that it might take until the following week before he heard from the doctor. For almost two hours Amos sat wondering what he should do next. Often he would get up and look out the window of the house at the barn, but each time he looked he saw that nothing had changed. 

Finally Amos made up his mind and went to the closet and brought out his shotgun. He rummaged around in the top of the closet until he found his buckshot shells and loaded his gun. Amos felt that something had to be done and it appeared that only buckshot and blood would stop what was taking place in the barn. 

As Amos turned strengthening himself to go and intervene with the unholy activities, which were happening, the phone rang. The sudden ringing of the phone caused Amos to jump, and he put down his gun to answer the telephone.

"Hello," Amos said after he lifted the phone to his ear, "this is the Clayton residence."

"Hello, are you Mr. Amos Clayton?" a deep, rich voice answered him.

"Yes, I am. Are you Dr. Orion?"

"I am indeed. My service called saying that you were in need of assistance," the doctor said. "Please tell me, in brief what is happening."

Amos hesitated for a moment, searching for the right words, before launching into a full description of the events, which he had saw. The doctor asked him to describe Micah and to tell him how long he had been living in the barn. The doctor then asked him if the children at the party were still outside the barn. Amos told the doctor to wait a moment while he checked and returned to reply that all the minor children were still sitting outside.

"It's the darnest thing I've ever seen," Amos told Dr. Orion. "They've been sitting there for hours without moving."

"That is good," the doctor said his voice filled with relief. "You are about three hours away from where I am. I need you to take all the children into your house and guard them with your life. Don't let anyone from the barn come to get them. They and your family are in terrible danger. I will get there as soon as I can but until that time your first thoughts must be to keep the people from the barn from coming into your house and taking any of the children away from there. That includes the members of your own family that are in the barn."

"What's going on and who is this Micah?" Amos asked. "I've seen things today that I never thought would ever happen."

"Mr. Clayton," the doctor said, "I will explain more when I get there but for now know that this Micah seeks only to do evil to you and your family. He cannot leave the barn, but he may seek to have others come out and take the children. No matter what, you must protect the children."

"Alright," Amos spoke somberly, "just git here as soon as ever you can. I don't want to hurt anyone, especially my kinfolk, but there is evil going on here. I'll do the best I can to keep the kids safe."

"That is all anyone can ask," the doctor assured him. "I will be there within three hours. Lock your doors and don't open them until you see me arrive."

The doctor hung up and Amos moved when out to gather the children into the safety of the house. At first Amos could not get any of the children to listen to him. Luke Jr. came running out of the house and asked his great-grandfather what was happening. Amos explained that they needed to get the children into the house as soon as possible and not to let anyone from the barn into the house.
